When the Rain Falls: Ch. 2

Author: somerandomgirl

*000*2024-02-05 18:47

The second chapter of 'When the Rain Falls.' Since I'm not sure how many people saw it (I don't know how this site works yet), I updated and finished the first chapter in its post. Check it out if you haven't. All further chapters will be released in whole.

Now we get to see what our main character looks like. For those of you that didn't bother with the second part to chapter one, her name is Willow.

Character Subject- Willow (POV), Emma

Point of View- 1st Person (Female)

Contents- Desperation, Peeing

Genre- Fiction

Chapter 2: Clear Skies

I'm sitting in front of my black vanity station covered in bats and spiders, putting on my corpse paint with black eye liner, eye shadow and lip stick using the mirror. I'm wearing a long sleeved, black button up blouse with pink cuffs and undertones, and a layered, black, knee length skirt with some pink lace around the hem and ruffles. After finishing my makeup, I tie my pitch black hair into high pig tails using pink bands and wrap my black leather choker with a bat in the front center around my neck. I make sure not to forget to insert my fangs. They aren't your plastic, cheap knock offs. They're real dentures that are fitted for my dental profile. I can talk with them in my mouth without that stupid vampire lisp, and they're comfortable to wear. Well, more comfortable. They weren't cheap, but my reflected smile and sparkling light blue eyes shows how worth it the cost felt to me.

I move over to my dresser to take out a pair of knee high socks, one a solid black, the other a solid pink, to cover the pale skin of my legs. Finally, I slip on my black leather Mary Janes with a pair of bat wings near the heel. I stand in front of my vanity mirror, posing with my arms over my waist, fingers clenched halfway like I'm aiming claws while bearing my 'fangs'. This creature of the night is ready to go out! I giggle to myself. If I was a real vampire, I wouldn't be able to see myself in the mirror like this. ...How do vampires get ready if they can't see their own reflection? I guess I'll leave that one to the scholars. I wander into the living room to see my wonderful wife sitting at the table, enjoying another glass of tea. Probably milk tea. That's her favorite.

“Are you ready to go, love?” Emma asked as she seen me.

“I am. You wanna finish your tea first?”

“If you don't mind. Since your up, would you please grab me some biscuits? I'd like to enjoy them with my tea.” Emma said.

“Sure.” I opened the cabinet and looked at the packages of cookies and biscuits within. My hand approached the biscuits, but recoiled as it neared them. Hold on... “When you say 'biscuits', you mean 'cookies', right?”

“Mmm. You don't know? You think you would by now, given how long we've been together.” Emma sipped her tea. I glared over my shoulder at her. I know a way that I can't get this wrong. Picking up both the cookies and the biscuits, I chucked both of them at her. There! Emma didn't miss a beat, ducking and then resuming her posture in a flow of grace.

“Would you mind not throwing things at me when I'm holding hot tea, love?” Emma opened the package of cookies and put a few on a plate.

“Sure thing. As soon as you stop being so British.” I said, as I collected the packages to put back in the cabinet.

“Hmm. I think I'd find such a task rather hard indeed.” Emma said.

“...You limey bitch.” I sat down next to my wife, wrapping an arm around her. She giggled at my choice of words, leaning against me.

“Don't use that word around other British people, love.” She whispered.

“I know. But I doubt that I'll ever met anyone else that's British. So. Where are we headed today?”

“There was this lovely garden that I was looking into as of late.” Emma said. Garden? I would LOVE to go to a garden! Even if they don't have any of the more morbid plants that I'd prefer, they're bound to have plenty of pretty flowers, neatly trimmed vines, and nice hedge work that might even be works of art themselves! But... I tense up a bit and look towards the floor.

“...How about we go to an aquarium instead?” I said.

“Oh? That sounds lovely. Though I know you'd prefer...” Emma began.

“I insist. Let's go to an aquarium. The real big one. That has a food court and other stuff in it too.” I interrupted her. Emma smiled at me. That nice, soft smile... I can't help but smile back at her. Even if my mine is much worse. She wiped her mouth with a napkin, and then stood up.

“Ok, love.” Emma placed her dishes in the sink. She turned to face me, holding an upright, open palm at me, arm out and bent at her waist. I linked my fingers with hers, feeling her warmth, and a little bit giddy. I know it's a bit silly, but I still really enjoy the small things like this. “Shall we head out?” I nodded. We exited our house, hand in hand, and made our way towards our car. And yet, an ambush lie in wait, in our own driveway. A scraggy, pale man waved at us, wearing baggy jeans and a tee-shirt.

Despite the holey and patched look of his clothes, I'm glad that he doesn't have a stench. In fact, his skin and clothes look clean, so I guess he washes. His messy, matted, brown hair concealed his eyes, but not the thick bags beneath them. But not his hair though. Is he one of those guys that thinks rinsing it is enough? He stood hunched over, the flip flops he wore not hiding the untrimmed nails on his feet. Apparently, he has the foresight to cut his finger nails. Honestly! Who's this wishy-washy when it comes to personal hygiene? It would make more sense if he was a complete pigsty... even if that would be more unpleasant.

“Hey, neighbors.” He lips curled into a wide, toothless smile. I wish he wouldn't do that... Also, I've never seen this... man... before. He must be more of a hermit then me. And that's saying something! I only ever go out with Emma.

“Hello, Henry. How are you doing today?” Emma said. She knows him?

“Yes.” Henry said, as if that was a normal reply. And Emma did not even flinch, acting like he responded with 'Fine, how are you?”

“I'm doing quite well myself. We're on our way to an aquarium.” Emma said.

“Why?” Henry tilted his head, confused.

“I very much enjoy seeing all of the sea life. And Willow here is joining me today.” Emma said. Henry jumped back as if I appeared out of thin air. He scanned my body up and down. My skin crawled as I curled the fingers of my free hand and looked away.

“Must be a friend.” Henry said. Yes, we're... friends. “I was wondering, where's your husband? I've never seen him.” ...Dude, we're literally holding hands! Did you not see that just now?

“I don't have one, I'm afraid.” Emma said. Emma told me herself. Dicks feel nice inside of her, but girls are hotter. She may have only dated guys before me, but I know she only has eyes for me now.

“I was worried about that. You see, I'm concerned about the fact that you don't have a man in your life.” Henry said. I tense up. Oh no...

“Don't worry about me, Henry. I'll manage.” Emma said.

“Are you sure? Without a stable income, you'll never be able to afford keeping up that nice house.” Henry said.

“...I'm a botanist. And Emma's a marine biologist.” I said.

“Exactly. With jobs like that, how could either of you afford that house? Even if you pooled your income.” Henry said.

“We get by just fine, Henry.” Emma said. Our house WAS pretty expensive. But Emma found the money for it. It's even all paid off, so I don't know what he's getting at.

“Still. You need a stable income from a real job. From a job that only men can have.” Henry said. My skin's starting to feel pretty warm right about now.

“We're scientists.” I spat out, having some restraint. I don't know why though...

“What good has science ever done for us?” Henry said. ...I could list so much. All of the tech he takes for granted, his phone, the internet, mass production of widely available food, water and shelter... stuff he wouldn't consider at all to be created by science. But let's hit harder then that.

“The scientific team that I'm part of is currently cross breeding strains of rice. We're trying to make it more water resistant. That way, it can survive monsoon heavy areas in Asia, so they don't get wiped out and make people go hungry. And Emma here is part of a team working to save the coral reefs.” I said, a little bit smugly. But Henry only waved his arm.

“Science is a fad that's on it's way out. Sure it's done some good for us.” Henry said. ...Some? “But I think that people are starting to catch on to how ridicules science really is. Look at medical science. People still die all the time, despite all of the supposed advances. These so called doctors know less then nothing.” I feel Emma squeeze my hand. Yeah, I get it. Arguing with this man is pointless. Even if I have the urge to... it's not like he'd listen. The air hangs still for a moment. Henry took this as a sign to move on. Probably thinks that since we didn't argue back, he must of won, so he's satisfied now. “I've told you how much you need a man in your life countless times, Emma. But you don't seem to listen. It's ok. I'll keep on it until you do. It's a thankless job, I know.” AHHHHH! And that damned, cursed, creepy ass smile again!

“Is that all, Henry? We really need to get going.” Emma said. Of course. Polite to the bitter end, even in the face of this. It's kind of her curse.

“Alright. Go on now. But give what I've said today some thought! I'd hook you up, but all the guys I know are neckbeards.” Henry waved an arm. Peas in a pod, huh? Emma pulled at my arm. I'm sure she's as uncomfortable with this as I am. We made it to our car, got in, and drove off. It's too bad we couldn't run that asshole over.

“Henry sure is interesting, isn't he?” Emma said, wheel in hands.

“Interesting? Sure, he's pretty interesting all right. About as interesting as a stomach cramp.”

“That is a way to put it.” Emma said.

“Is he always like that?”

“I'm afraid that he is. But don't worry about that now, love. Let's focus on our visit to the aquarium now.” Emma said.

“Your right. I can be bad at that.”

“I know, love. I know.” Emma said.

We arrived at the aquarium at a reasonable pace, instead of yesterday. I've heard about it before, but seeing it in person shocked me. Several large buildings and a garden. One could mistake it for a mall. Maybe it IS a mall, in part. We entered the lobby and I felt the cool, crisp AC. I notice the dense crowds of people immediately. Ha... really? I... never thought that so many people would be at an aquarium. I look at my feet, glancing up to check if anybodies nearby occasionally, really hoping nobody would notice me. Or at least, if they did, that they'd just leave me alone. It's easier at the movies... my clothes blend in with the dark room. But here? Out in the open in the light? I stick out like black dot on a white canvas. Please nobody see me... I feel Emma squeeze my hand. Trying to reassure me, I know. Just looking at her soft smile puts me at ease. At least a little bit.

“I need to use the loo before we get started, love.” Emma said. Damn! She learned from her past mistake! I nod at her. We head to the ladies, and both use the a toilet, even though I don't really have to go now. Of course, I sit in the stall next to Emma and listen to her stream. A glorious hiss and echoing of the sound of liquid hitting liquid, for a good half a minute, at least. Nice. It could only be better if I could watch. God, would I love to watch her pee... I wonder how far her watersports fetish extends? I know she likes holding it, and she seemed to really like wetting herself, but we haven't discussed what else we like or any boundaries yet. We ought to get to that soon.

I wonder if she's listening to me pee too? I look down at myself. I finished before her, even though I started after, my stream more of a trickle for a couple of seconds. I checked the panties around my knees. A cute little pair of white panties with black lace and bats flying around them. Yes, goth even to my underwear. Why not? After finishing, we both wipe, exit, and then wash our hands and leave, where we resume holding hands. 

And now we explore the aquarium. Tanks and pools filled with water. Lots and lots of fish. Crabs and mollusks. Ooo, and some underwater plants too! Seeing the happiness on Emma's face, the genuine smile that she can't suppress, felt more then good enough a reason to come here today. Sometimes, she'd see something she finds interesting and nerd out over it. It's super cute, even if I have no idea what she's talking about most of the time. Unless she starts talking about the underwater plants! That, I might now more then her about! A few hours of this fun passes. We make sure to keep hydrated, but don't drink a whole lot.

“It's been fun, love. But why don't we go grab a bite to eat?” Emma suggested.

“There's a food court here.”

“Oh? There is?” Emma said, unable to hide her excitement.

“Yeah.” I smile at her. She must have noticed, because she blanked her face again. “At least, it said so online.”

“Shall we pay them a visit then?” Emma said. I nod. We located the food court with ease and found a table for us to sit down at. She ordered haddock with some fries and a bottle of water. For me, a fish salad with a soda. It's almost ironic that the aquarium's menu mostly consists of fish.

“Of course you'd get the fish and chips.” I said as I ate.

“I can't help what I like, love. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I remember you saying you liked fish and chips as well.” Emma said.

“It's not a stereotype for me to like them. I'd have to eat burgers or something.”

“Oh, I see. That fizzy drink must not mean anything then.” Emma said. I paused to think of an appropriate comeback. Having the best possible retort in mind, I respond. By sticking my tongue out at her. Emma giggled at me. “Are we hungry now, love?” Emma took one of her fries and aimed it at my head. “Open up, Willow.” I blush a bit, then open my mouth wide. Emma inserted the fry into my mouth so I could eat it. Disarmed, I drop my snarky comments and focus on eating. After finishing, we collect our trash and toss it in a bin.

“Love, do you have any ideas on where to go next?” Emma said. I can feel my bladder filling slightly. Easily ignorable, and I probably would at home. Not even out of pleasure, but because I'd rather not stop what I'm doing. In public, I can be a bit paranoid though. I wanted to suggest we hit the ladies room before continuing. But, Emma had other ideas. “I have one. Let's go!” Emma turned around swiftly, showing me her back, and ran off ahead. I stood stunned for a moment. She giggled, looking over her shoulder at me.

“Follow me, love!” A proper lady with bursts of seemingly uncharacteristic playfulness. That's my Emma for you. I fast walk to follow her, mostly because I plain hate running, or anything that gets me all grody and sweaty.

Emma leads me out of the food court and the building entirely, remaining far away, but careful to stay within my sight. I step onto some trimmed grass, noticing the fountain in the center with stone fish facing and spitting streams of fluid towards each and back into the pool, surrounded by a circle of hedge work. Emma peeked her head around the corner of a large stone arc, the entrance to some much taller hedges. She smiled at me, giggling, and as I approached, she fled deeper into the garden. I was getting kinda tired of moving so quickly, not physically, but mentally, but I appreciate her playful spirit. As I ventured deeper, I can't help but get distracted by some of the hedge work. Beautiful and pristine, not a twig out of place. Marvelous. Satisfied to how far she drew me in, Emma stood with her arms behind her back, waiting for me to catch up with a mischievous smile.

“You coulda just asked me to follow you.” I said as I neared her.

“What's the fun in that, love?” Emma showed me her soft smile. She offered her hand again, and we locked fingers to explore the garden. “Besides. If I suggested it, you would have turned it down.”

“I would have?” I asked.

“Don't worry about that, love.” Emma said. I felt a tad confused, but dropped it. We explored the garden, and I admired the hedges. No special designs or anything, but I still really liked them. Part of me wondered why this aquarium even had a garden, but whatever. My urge to pee started to feel more real, but I pushed it down. I didn't see any other people for a while and felt much more at ease here. Alone with Emma in a garden. Hehe... the things we could get away with here...

My thoughts starting turning more and more dirty with time. That's... not good. Is my bladder more full then it feels? It still feels pliable, full enough to tell me pee's in there, but not firm enough to tell me that I really gotta go. Maybe I'm more horny then normal because of Emma. Who knows. I go back to enjoying the hedges. I'm not seeing any flowers or designs. Weird garden. ...Garden? What kind of garden has hedges form corridors and walls... this isn't a garden. It's a maze. “Are you enjoying yourself, love?”

“Yeah.” I nod.

“I'm no good with mazes. I hope your paying attention, love.” Emma said. She knew, huh?

“Mazes are easy. Let's see if they have any hidden things.” I said.

“Oh? Do they tend to hide things in these mazes often?”

“Only the good one's!” I said. I have to pee, but whatever. I can leave whenever I want. We transverse the maze some more, finding nothing of interest. The maze does incorporate loops and three and four way passages though, that's rare. I'm feeling real tension in my bladder now. I'm at the point where I'd stop whatever I'm doing in public to find a toilet. I really gotta go, but if Emma's having fun... and my bladder's still soft enough to have some room left in it.

“What is it that your looking for in here, love?” Emma said.

“Funny statues, hedge designs, trees... sometimes they hide goodies. I've even heard of these mazes hiding cash prizes. That's rare though. I don't think this maze has any of that.”

“What a shame.” Emma said. I hope that she suggests we leave soon. I know that I can hold it, but the tension is only going to raise. And raise it did. My bladder started feeling stiff, standing straight up applied more pressure to it. I pressed my legs together when I could, sometimes shifting a bit in place. I... I have to pee so bad now... I should... I should ask to leave... but... that would mean... I would have to stop Emma's fun... “Are you quite all right, love? Your fidgeting.”

“...I really gotta pee.” I blush and look away. As much as I made fun of her for upholding her proper lady routine when she had to go real bad, I understand. It's embarrassing if anyone knows...

“Oh? Is that so. Let's find the exit then.”

“...But! I don't wanna go if you don't wanna.” I said.

“Love, I brought you here because I know how much you like gardens. This wasn't for me.” Emma said. ...What? I stood, slack jawed and stunned. “Besides. I... I need to wee as well. Though, I don't think I need to as badly as you do.”

“Ok. Let's find our way out of here.” I said.

“Lead the way, love.” Emma said. I did lead the way... but maybe I should not have. I... I had no idea what I was doing! No matter what, we only saw more and more hedge. I SWEAR we seen that particular swirl seven times by now! And what's with are of these looping intersections? AHHHHH! My bladder hurts... it's so full, it's throbbing. I'm hunched over a little, clenching my crotch at waves of pressure. I'm still dry, but I don't know for how long... anytime I stop to think, I'm swaying my hips back and forth and crossing my legs. I know that I can hold it for a little while longer, but... Worry replaced any amount of pleasure that I felt earlier. Glancing over at Emma, I don't see her in the same boat. She said she had to go... we drank about the same amount and we have comparable bladders... I think... it's not like we checked. ...We should check sometime. I shake my head. Focus, you stupid bitch! This should be easy! What's wrong with you?

“Love, what's wrong? Are you delaying our exit on purpose? Hmm?” Emma giggled at me. One glance at my sour face told her what she needed to know, and she shifted to expressions of concern.

“I wish... I have to pee so bad that I can't think straight. And... this is a pretty difficult maze to begin with! ...Weirdly for where it is.”

“It's ok, Willow. Let's calm down and think for a moment. We can do this.” Emma said. Her words are always so soothing. She's right. Ok... let me relax and think... I felt a drip form in my panties and tensed up, clutching halfway down my skirt over my legs in my hands. “Are you alright, love?”

“...I... I don't think I can concentrate right now.” I looked away.

“...That's not good.” Emma said. Yeah, she's terrible with mazes... Oh God, she's terrible with mazes! “Let's keep trying. I'll... I'll get us out of here.” Yeah... about that... We kept going, still very lost. I need to keep my crotch tense to stop any further leakage. Still, a few more drops escaped to join the other. I'm pretty much always swaying if we're not moving, switching my crossed legs so much it looks like I'm hoping. My bladder feels like it's one solid object now, with barely any more room to squeeze even more pee into... but it has to! It... has to... for a little while longer, please... Looking at Emma, I can't see any signs of her having to go. Sure, she's pretty much unflinching, but... she lets go a little bit around me.

“...Hey, you... how are you holding up?” I force out a mangled sentence while dancing on the spot.

“I'm the one that should be asking you that, love. I need a loo, but I can wait.” Emma said. How? How is it that my bladder is so much fuller then hers? The only difference in what we drank was the soda... it was the soda! Caffeine, excess sugar, and salt make you pee. And guess what soda has all three off?

“...Your enjoying this, aren't you?” I said.

“I was. At first. But now, I'm worried about you.”

“...I was the same way when it was you are the movies.” I said.

“...Willow... I know you won't want to... but...” Emma eyes darted aside.

“What is it?” I said, wincing while I battled a particularly fierce wave.

“Why don't you wee out here?” Emma said.

“You mean in this hedge maze? Right here?” My face burned bright red from the mere suggestion. I have never done anything like that before... what if somebody shows up? I know we've seen nobody since we got here... but... what if! It'd be JUST my luck too! “...I'd rather not if I can help it.”

“Keep it in mind.” Emma said. It's almost weird for her to suggest it. But, I know she's willing to suggest other people do things that she'd never. The waves are getting stronger and stronger, and the gaps between them shorter and shorter. Another fierce one drives me to bend forwards, my knees weak. It lasts for so long, feeling like my bladder's crunching in on itself like a used bag. I clench as hard as I can, but still, a spurt escapes, turning my little wet drops into a big ol' patch. I cross my legs and clutch my crotch with both hands to prevent more damage.

God, I don't want to wet these panties, they're so creepy cute and brand new... I'm stumbling forward with shaky steps, not noticing my breathing turning shallow. My bladder's taught like pulled rope, strands straining to pull a heavy weight. A few of those strands are tearing... My knees knock, and I lunge up and down repetitively while leaning and holding myself. It'd be embarrassing if somebody say me like this. SO embarrassing! Oh, I have to pee so bad... If I got out of this maze, would I even be able to make it to a toilet? My face burns at the thought. I feel a hand on my shoulder, and look up at a very concerned Emma.

“Love, please...” Emma said. She's shifting a bit in place now. My inability to get us out of here is hurting her too now. I really hope this doesn't end up bad for her. I'm so stupid! I could have prevented this! This is all my fault...

“I'm trying... I...” I said. Maybe I should let it happen... It'd hate it... it'd be humiliating. I'd cry. I'd cry a lot... But... then I could concentrate. For her. I can't... I'm sorry, Emma... I'm too selfish... We keep going. Not that I can make it far, doubled over, both hands wedged between my legs, and stepping forward one foot length at a time. It hurts so much... my stomach's cramping... I can't clench hard enough... some keeps trickling on out... drips... drops... spurts... It's full... it's full. It's so fucking full now! I stay glued in place, concentrating so hard just to stay dry, but a few more drops and a few more spurts escape. I'm not going to make it. It's useless to keep trying. Even if I made it out of this maze, I could never reach a toilet before my bladder decided it's had enough.

“Willow.” Emma said sternly. “Your weeing here. Now.” I looked at her with more shock then anything. “I know you don't want to. But you have to. And I'll be here for you. I... I'll do it with you.” ...She will? I'm pretty sure that goes against everything a proper lady would do, but... I'm in no state to argue. I have... a couple more minutes left. Maybe ten, if I pushed it. But no more then that. I nod. Then, I realize something.

“I-I've never...” It's hard to choke words out when your every breathe crushes your bladder.

“It's ok. Follow my lead.” Emma said. ...Since when does she know how to do this? “Spread your legs about a foot apart.” I did, but boy did it feel like I was gonna lose it. Somehow, I didn't. “Pull your knickers down to your knees.” I looked up at her, sheepish, meeting a concerned, loving face. Ok, I can... Another spurt.

No, more like, a stream trickling down the inside of one of my legs. Damn, I'm wearing knee high socks, that's gonna suck later... But for now, I pull my panties to my knees, returning my hands to my now bare crotch as quickly as I can, trying my hardest not to lose it all before it's safe. “Lift up your skirt, keeping the back held up, squat and let go.” I held up my skirt with one hand, but my bladder wasn't going to wait. It cramped, and another stream gushed out. I threw myself down, with Emma's help, and squatted. It would be hard to start, if my bladder wasn't trying to force itself empty already. A rushing stream of golden fluid sprayed out of my crotch as I sighed in relief, head pointed down, face burning red.

The cascading liquid flowed forth, and it flowed, and it flowed, and... hurry up already! I don't think I'm even half done yet! And somebody could show up at any moment... But my urine gushed even more, forming waterfalls that never seemed to end, soaking the soil to saturation and leaving a small puddle atop. I know I was about to wet myself, but... Soon, I noticed Emma hiking her skirt up to reach under it. ...Was she serious about that? I can't even imagine her... But she did squat down, following her own advice to a T, facing right in front of me, our bent knees almost touching. She smiled nervous, a slight red tinge evident on her pale face. My eyes darted to her crotch, watching waves of her own urine usher forth with a sharp hiss, splashing an inch or so ahead then mine. I felt her fingers lock with my free hand.

Without thinking, I leaned my head forward, and she copied me. And now, somehow, we ended up in this hedge maze, squatting, peeing, holding hands, and watching each other do it. It was... romantic, sexy, embarrassing, and nerve wracking. All at the same time! Normally, this is where Emma would tease me over staring, but, she's consumed by the moment too. Emma finished before me, even though I started after, still lasting about forty-five seconds. She let go of my hand to rummage in her purse as my stream died down to a trickle, and then the last few drops dripped out. I sighed again. God, that's so much better... My face feels so warm and red.

“...Love?” Emma said, holding her hand at me with a wet wipe. You were prepared for this? Why? ...Ok, it's not hard to imagine her carrying those for other reasons... And she tends to have more forethought then me.

“Thanks.” I whispered as I took the damp cloth and used it to wipe my crotch dry. Emma did the same to her own, with her own. She grabbed a Ziploc from her purse, took my wet wipe, and put both hers and mine in the bag to return to her purse sealed. My dirty mind went to the worst conclusion, but my rational mind knew she just didn't want to liter. We both stood up and redressed, glancing at each other with a mixture of embarrassment and naughty glee.

“Is that better?” Emma flushed whatever she felt off of her face, returning to her gaze of stone in mere moments. She's... too good at that.

“Yeah... and thanks...” I look at my feet. “...for making me do that... I woulda pissed myself otherwise.”

“I'm not quite comfortable with that myself. I think that we both needed a little bit of encouragement.”

“Yeah.” I smile. Emma held an upright, open palm at me, arm out and bent at her waist. With locked fingers, we made are way out of the maze in about ten minutes. I knew I could do it easily if I wasn't distracted! She discarded that Ziploc at the nearest trash can and faced me with a smirk.

“Looooove? What's wrong? Would you like to go home now? You were staring back there. Are we a bit riled up now?” Emma said.

“Yes please!”

“Mmm. I'd quite like to play with a fish myself, love. Shall we head off?” Emma said. I nod. She leaned in to whisper. “And if your a good little girl, I might let your fish squirt.” And we headed back home, for yet more fun off the back of our newly shared fetish.

