Clerical Error

Author: Sake

*000*2019-05-23 15:10

Thanks to Anubis for proofreading and to EtchyFox for expert advice. Featuring art by Rolo.

There it was, right in front of me. That familiar wooden seat with a hole in it that I really should have been sitting on. It never looked so inviting. And yet, I was still just standing there, looking at it. Taunting myself with it. At that point I don’t remember how long it had been – I’d lost track after the fifth hour when I sat down for lunch – but after all that time I’d built up quite the reservoir that wanted out. But I wanted it to stay in. I wanted to feel that pressure as long as I could, only giving up when I finally didn’t have any more choice in the matter. So there I was, standing in front of the toilet, my little black shorts digging into the bulge in my lower belly. Even on a good day, these shorts were a bit of a tight fit, and now they were pressing in the worst place and causing me the most wonderful pain.

I got myself lost in that feeling, both hands absentmindedly rubbing at the rock-hard balloon of mine that was clearly on display for anyone that cared to see it. My lucky white jacket wasn’t doing much to cover it up, both because I always left the thing open and because right now the only thing beneath it was a simple black strip of cloth wrapped around my chest. I didn’t want my view to be obstructed by such silly things as shirts or dresses.

If my hands were to apply a bit of pressure, I would feel like my bladder would explode then and there. All that liquid in me pouring right out through my clothes down to the floor… Just the thought of that feeling had left my favorite pink panties soaked, though I’d kept my bladder under lock and key the entire time. After so many hours, I’d refused to let out even a single drop, and I wasn’t about to unless everything else was going to come out too. I knew I’d get wet anyways, and that made it so much better. That was the point, after all.

I could have stood there forever, hands and legs shaking with excitement and raw need. I had to go, but I wouldn’t. I couldn’t even if I wanted to, I told myself. The reason kept changing, but I’d always tell myself I needed to hold it longer. It didn’t matter how much the ocean wanted to be free, it couldn’t be allowed to come out.

Perhaps in my dreams I’d never have to leave that spot, but the reality was that I couldn’t hold it forever. In the real world, I’d been playing with my bladder, teasing and prodding it to feel the pressure ramp up for an instant, feel everything right on the edge of coming out, but hold it back anyways. Until… I just couldn’t. Ripped from my fantasies by the feeling of impending doom, my shorts and panties were out of the way before I could even think about them, and I took a seat just in time…

… to hear a voice call out for me.

“Azzy? As, I need you!”

I had to get up. I was about to explode, but so was she, and I couldn’t let her do that. It was painful, mentally more than physically, to stand up and get redressed. So very close, but it was not meant to be. I had already started to piss when I sat down, so in standing up that first blast of pee went onto the floor and into my panties instead of the toilet as I’d planned. I managed to stop any more from coming out, if just barely, and my bladder complained loudly that it had been interrupted so soon. It didn’t matter though. She was more important, and I could hold it long enough to figure out a way to torture her with my relief. And if I couldn’t wait, well… that would just make it all the more fun.

I really did want to keep holding it though, even if it felt like it’d come out any second and I wouldn’t be able to stop when it did. I truly did have very little time left; I’d done this often enough to know the signs I need to give up, and at this point I knew I was pushing it real damn close. But I also knew I could drag this out just a little longer, so I marched out of the bathroom and down the hall to the front door with a devious smile on my face and a hand in my jacket pocket.

She was dancing in place right by the door with her hands in fists at her sides, and she probably hadn’t moved since she stepped inside. I saw one of her shoes in a corner nearby, and the other had apparently fucked off to some completely different part of the house. Her beautiful green eyes lit up when she saw me, and she called out almost immediately.

“A-Azzy! Help, I can’t… ah, I can’t…” She’d just got home from work, as we planned, and now was desperately clawing at her robes to try to get them off.

I tried to speak calmly, but I knew my voice was shaking both from my own need and because of the wondrous image before me now. “C-calm down, Ellie, I-I’m here. I’m here.” I walked up behind her, pulling my hand from my pocket and bringing with it a little leather ring. I held her collar open in front of her for a moment before gently closing it around her neck. She gave a sigh that almost sounded like a purr, and her dance became less frantic. “Now, kitten… we just have to… get you out of these things.” Then my hands moved down to remove her cloak, sneaking in a little squeeze of her chest through all the fabric. Her response was a moan and a whisper telling me to hurry up.

The cloak was off quickly enough, and I just threw it off to the side somewhere. Then I got to work on the top layer of robe, trying not to lean too much into her back and leave a big yellow mark on her robes. Still, I leaned in to kiss her cheek while my hands fumbled with the ties keeping the robe together. I may have spent a little more time than I needed to getting the top few undone, so I could leave my hands resting on her immaculate breasts for a while, wishing I could just stand there fondling them all day. But we didn’t have all day; she whimpered quietly, constantly muttering either encouragement or requests that I move faster.

When the robe was open, I told her to lift her arms, which she did with a little whine, and then I coaxed her into stepping out of the robe before tossing it somewhere as well. One last layer, and I knew she wouldn’t like this one.

“I n-need you to stand st-still, hon,” I said, and she turned her head to look back at me.

“I… I don’t know if I can. Nnn…”

I ignored a little splash reheating my panties and tried to speak with at least a little conviction. “Just… for a second, sweetie. You’ll be… you’ll be okay.” She turned back to look forward, and after a little bit I saw her nod and her dancing wind down until it stopped completely. She’d only replaced it with feverish shaking, but it was good enough for me to slide her little priest-gown off her shoulders and down her body. She gasped when my hand slid over her own bladder bulge, though I didn’t do anything there with that hand. When the gown hit the floor, she went right back to dancing. Neither of us wanted to bend down and move the gown elsewhere, so in her dance she kicked it away from her feet. Good enough for me.

My right hand went onto her left shoulder, and I walked carefully around to her front, grabbing her other shoulder once we were facing each other. She wasn’t looking me in the eye; I glanced down to whatever she was looking at long enough to see her hands fly to her crotch but stop just short of grabbing when she suddenly remembered our deal. She slowly brought her hands back to her sides and finally looked right at me. Her mouth was slightly open and her whole body was bouncing a little bit as her legs refused to stop moving.

“So, Ellie… My sweet little Ellie,” I said, slow and soft, gently guiding her to walk backwards until she leaned up against the wall. “Has my little girl been good today?” My hands moved to grab hers and move them up above her head – there was no resistance, she was just dancing and staring at me with a lustful gaze that I’m sure I was returning. I held both of her hands here with my left, and my right brushed her sweet-smelling brown hair out of her face before moving down to her thigh.

“I-I t-tried to hold on all day, l-like you said, but I had to- nngaah!” She cried out and her breathing grew faster as the hand on her thigh found its way between her legs. That hand started rubbing softly through those tight gray shorts, too small for her, that she’d eagerly agreed to wear today. I didn’t have to look down to know she’d wet herself while she was at work, though for right now she was doing a good job. Her breathing slowed again as my hand moved down the inside of her thighs. “I… had to… had to let a little out.”

“Feels like more than a little, kitten,” I said, firmly but playfully. My hand stopped for a moment and I let out a little grunt when my bladder sent a very strong signal that I ought to hurry up. “You didn’t have an accident in the temple, did you?”

“N-no, only… haah, only a little. A-a-a few… few times, but… I tried… I tried not to do any more th-th-than you said I-I could.” Her arms wiggled in my grasp, but I just tightened my grip. “P-Please, Azzy, I… I need..”

My right hand found its way to her bladder, tracing little circles through the thin fabric of her shirt. “I’m sorry, did you- did you say something?” That hand gradually turned into a fist, which I pressed lightly into her bulge – it was firm, but not solid.

“As-rielle, ah!” She practically shouted my name when the pressure hit her, speaking the last syllables louder and more high-pitched than the first. I felt another addition to the warmth between my legs and heard a little splash of liquid hitting the wood floor. Ellie looked down in a panic, but quickly looked back up to look into my eyes. Her gaze quickly softened again, and she put on a silly smile for a moment while she kept squirming around in my grip that she could have escaped from if she wanted to. I glanced down, too, and saw a fresh dark patch between her legs… but not a spot on the floor below her. Oops.

“Azzy, please… Let me…” Her adorable begging had become nearly a whisper, and she mumbled something that I legitimately couldn’t hear.

I stared straight into her eyes, and saw a reflection of my own raw desire. My fist stayed on her bladder, though the pressure had been let off, and I subtly pressed my legs together and bent my left ever so slightly. “I couldn’t hear you, babe.”

“I need to go!” She closed her eyes and yelled, stomping her feet in a bit of a march.

“Go where?” I leaned in close and whispered directly into her ear, at the same time just barely fighting off another surge from my bladder. Then I leaned out, planting a little kiss on her cheek along the way, and looked into her eyes, awaiting her answer.

Elaria said nothing for a second, just breathing heavily through her mouth. When she finally spoke, it was a quiet match for my own voice. “B-bathroom…”

As soon as she finished saying that word, a spark of fear joined the lust in her eyes. Only for a fleeting moment, but it was true terror. She’d realized too late what she was asking for. She knew what her request meant, but she wasn’t thinking when she said it. I put on a stern look, brought my left hand up, first to tug at her collar a little, then to her chin, and lifted my left knee higher as another spurt broke through and hit the floor. Ellie gasped too and I can only assume her shorts got a little wetter. She couldn’t wait much longer – neither could I – and I had to make sure this was how she wanted it to end. When I spoke, I tried to make clear in my voice that this was no game. “Are you sure about that, babe? Completely sure? That’s really what you want?”

Ellie stared into my eyes, still with her same lustful emerald gaze, and took a deep breath. Then she whispered to me: “Asrielle… yes… please, yes…” She nodded fervently.

I sighed and leaned in for a proper kiss. Her lips met mine and I heard a muffled moan from her as she pressed her body as close to mine as either of our bladders would tolerate. I had to give her an out. She’d forgotten, if only for a moment, what it meant in our games to make the request that she did, so I had to make sure she wasn’t trying to ask me to let her take a much-needed potty break. But, no, she wanted to keep going. She wanted to push her limits, just like me. She was dedicated to our game. She knew how to call it off whenever she wanted, whenever she was in pain. Just one word. But she didn’t say it. She pressed on. She wanted to see it through to the end, and she wanted me to make that as hard for her as I could.

She broke away first, leaning back against the wall again, whimpering and still dancing. Her breathing was still fast, but now she was biting her lip instead of breathing through her mouth. She was staring at me, not saying anything, waiting for me to do something.

With the hand I had on her wrist, I guided her left arm down again, her right following along on its own. The hand in my grasp was a fist while the other was kneading at the bottom of her shirt, clearly wanting to do something more but not able to.

“Come on then, kitten, let’s… let’s get you to the bathroom,” I said, turning around and giving her arm a little tug to get her moving. She stumbled at first, letting out an adorable surprised squeak and grabbing my arm with her free hand for a moment, but once she’d righted herself she followed along at my pace without further issue.

I led Elaria directly to our destination – no silly stops in the middle of the hall, no detour to the kitchen to get her something to drink, nothing. I was probably closer to bursting than she was, and if this was my one chance to do that in a toilet instead of in my pants, of course I was going to jump on that opportunity. Along the way I had my free hand pushing down on my shorts, finally relieving the torturous pressure and hopefully making them just a little bit easier to take off quickly. I’d left the door to the bathroom open, so I marched straight in, but Ellie didn’t follow. She stopped just before crossing the threshold, suddenly enough that she pulled me back with a jolt that caused a little puddle to appear at my feet. I turned around to face her, now openly crossing my legs as tightly as I could while still standing upright and without needing to pull my shorts up properly again. She was just looking at me, her head tilted a little and her legs still incessantly dancing.

“What are you waiting for?” I sounded more impatient than I had intended; I really did want to use the toilet, and my body was starting to ignore what I wanted. I wanted Ellie to come with me, too, but now she was just standing there, as normal as possible, because she’d decided to stop. Her need didn’t suddenly get much worse, she didn’t need to stop to fight herself for control, none of that. She’d just stopped. I was already mentally kicking myself before she answered my question. I knew why she stopped, but the reason had slipped my mind for a moment. It was my fault.

“Y-you brought me t-to the bathroom,” she said meekly, no longer making direct eye contact. The hand that had been playing with her shirt was now fingering her collar. “You didn’t… didn’t say I c-could go inside.” Then she brought that hand up to her mouth, made a fist, and bit down on it. “Nnn…”

Can’t blame her for following orders. With as much of a smile as I could put on when I was seconds away from an accident, I forced the hand out of my shorts and used it to ruffle Ellie’s hair, then I grabbed her hand from her mouth and brought it down near the other. “Well, then… follow me, sweetie.” I took a step back and pulled her a step forward, and once I knew she would come with me I walked backwards across the room until I knew I was about to trip over the toilet. She didn’t resist being pulled along and didn’t try to stop anymore.

When I stopped, I looked over my shoulder to confirm I was where I wanted to be, then looked back at Ellie and let go of her arms. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my shorts, making sure to get my panties as well, but I didn’t pull them down. Not yet, even though I knew I absolutely could not hold it in anymore. “Look at me,” I said quickly. She looked at me. “I want you to watch,” I told her with the last scraps of authority I could pull together in this state. She nodded firmly.

At that point everything seemed to happen at once. I slid my shorts and underwear down past my knees, and the slight bend required to do so made my bladder burst. I sat down as quickly as I could, peeing on my lowered clothes and the floor in the process. Ellie whimpered but didn’t move. As soon as I was seated I made sure my legs were spread wide to give her a good view, then my eyes were closed and I felt like I’d gone limp.

“Haahh… aaaaaahhyaaaaaah…” I hadn’t intended to taunt Ellie with my moaning as well as the view of my torrent, but I didn’t have much say in the matter. The best I could do was try to take some deep breaths and open my eyes again.

The first thing I saw was that Ellie was staring directly between my legs, eyes wide and somehow filled with both a jealous yearning and a perverse satisfaction at being left waiting, her breathing heavy and quick. She’d gone back to breathing through her mouth, and with both hands she’d bunched up the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up far enough that I could see a hint of her bare breasts. She wasn’t dancing anymore, instead just shivering with her legs grinding against each other. Her once-light gray shorts were covered in obvious dark spots, and they were only getting darker as she kept renewing the wetness. Every so often some would drip down and patter onto the floor, though I could only barely hear it and her accompanying whine over the sounds of my own relief.

At some point my hands found their way onto my gradually-deflating balloon, and I looked down to watch them play with it to pass the time. By the time my breathing had returned to normal, the flood I was unleashing into the toilet hadn’t slowed at all, but I was becoming aware of how sore and exhausted my bladder was. So my hands moved south, stopping just above the source of the waterfall. I adjusted my position slightly and spread my lips with both hands, looking back up at Ellie with an evil grin. She glanced up only for a moment, gave a weak smile, then continued watching the storm.

Honestly, I was impressed, both with myself and with Elaria’s dedication. I knew I was at my limit, but that apparently meant far more liquid than I thought it did. And as for Ellie, there was nothing keeping her eyes glued between my legs. Nothing was stopping her from begging me to let her have a turn next, or sit on my lap and pee through my legs, or just leave the room and shut the door so she didn’t have to see or hear anything. She’d come a long way since we first met. Two or three years ago I would have expected her to have her hands shoved between her legs while she shouted at me that she was going to wet herself.

She would have tears running down her face as she begged for me to allow her to pee. There was nothing stopping her from doing any of that now, nothing except the fact that I told her to watch while I took a bursting piss she was still dying for. Used to be she just did this for me, but now she was finding her own enjoyment in it. I’d taken this innocent priestess and turned her into a monster, and honestly the thought of it got me worked up to the point where I wasn’t entirely sure anymore if the overwhelming relief was orgasmic or if I actually had been pushed over that edge as well.

I didn’t much care for that distinction, though. It didn’t make a difference to me. All I cared about was that I’d never felt so good outside of that moment, and I highly doubted I would ever be able to match those sensations. Nothing mattered but the fact that sitting there felt good.

Neither of us seemed to be particularly sure about how much time had passed before my stream became something that could be expected to come out of a normal person. It didn’t take long for that to die down into a little trickle, and once it was nothing more than a little dripping, I got myself comfortable and took advantage of where my hands already were. My head leaned back against the wall, my eyes closed, and my mouth hung a little open while I went to work. The hand that wasn’t busy yet moved up to my chest to find a way to make itself so, pushing the cloth covering out of the way without removing it completely. I finished quickly, certainly helped along by the fact that I could still hear Ellie’s quiet whimpering just a few feet away. Then I stood, letting my shorts and panties fall to my feet and stepping out of them towards Elaria.

With both of my hands I grabbed both of hers, forcing her to let go of her shirt she had crumpled up beyond reason. She looked me right in the eye, giving off little whines in an attempt to form words. “Got something to say, sweetie?” I took her hands and kissed each as one would a King’s, waiting for her to remember how to speak.

She had a look of intense concentration on her face, no doubt trying to focus both on not wetting herself and on how to phrase what she wanted to say. In the meantime she continued to squirm around and returned to doing a little dance, though not as pronounced as before. Finally, she worked up the ability to talk to me, though quietly. “Asrielle, I… I r-really have to…” She looked down at our hands. “I… nnnngh… I, ah… M-may I… p-please… May… may I… go potty?” Then she returned to staring straight into my eyes.

For a little while, I didn’t answer, and just stood inspecting her face. It was completely red and she might as well have been drowning in sweat, but she was still beautiful. More importantly, though, she wasn’t good at hiding what she wanted my answer to be. Her eyes were pleading, and yet lusting. Even the fact that she’d asked the question in the first place meant I knew the answer she was looking for. After all, if she truly wanted out, she knew that she only had to say one word and I’d do whatever I could to help her get herself out of the game.

I glanced down at her chest, admiring the view of her nipples through her shirt, before looking back up at her and speaking firmly. “No,” I said. She didn’t look disappointed. “You have to hold it. You can do that for me, can’t you, babe?” I put one hand on her chin, holding it up so she’d keep looking right at me, and the other one slowly slid down the side of her body, finally coming around to the front when it reached the area of her bulge. She let out a high-pitched whine when I pressed lightly on it, but the pressure was off almost immediately as I forced my hand through the too-tight waistband of her shorts and pressed directly against her thoroughly-wet lips. This forced her to stop dancing, and now she was simply trembling. “Can my little girl hold her pee for me?” I moved my hand down from her chin to keep a loose grip on her collar.

“I-I-I… I don’t... I don’t know,” she admitted. “I’ll t-try but… But I-I g-gotta go real bad.” As if on cue, I felt a small blast of warm wetness against my fingers. “S-sorry.”

“I know you do, sweetie,” I said, leaning in as close as I could without making her try to wiggle away. “But I also know you’re a big girl who can hold her pee if she needs to. My perfect little priestess isn’t gonna piddle in her favorite panties and the cute pants I made for her and on my floor just because she’s not allowed to use the toilet, is she?” When she shook her head, I pulled my hand from between her legs and moved both of them to her shoulders, gently pushing to get her to face the other direction. “I didn’t think so, kitten. Now turn around. We’re going to bed.”

Ellie turned around without much trouble, but kept her gaze locked on me as long as possible. I left my right hand on her shoulder, while my left arm hugged her waist, leaving the hand to rest over her bladder. I felt her left hand grab at mine, but she didn’t make any attempt to move it. Her right had gone back to playing with the edges of her shirt. She whimpered when I gave her a gentle nudge in the shoulder, and started walking slowly out of the bathroom, down the hall, and over to my bedroom.

She’d occasionally whine every so often on the way there, but mostly seemed focused on staying calm and not having an accident while we walked together, her in the lead. Her breathing had slowed and turned to deep, deliberate breaths and she was toying with my fingers on the hand that was over her rock-hard bulge. She still wasn’t trying to move the hand, just trying to keep herself busy. Her eyes were focused ahead of her, and we slowly but consistently worked towards the bedroom. I wasn’t particularly concerned with the path ahead – no, I was looking down, admiring the view of her modest but wonderful ass, thanks to the nearly skintight shorts she was wearing. And those big dark streaks running down her shorts that turned into glistening yellow on her snow-white legs were quite the breathtaking sight as well.

When we finally arrived, I told her to stop just before the bed and turn around, and put both my arms around her waist. She tied her legs together and tried to sit down, whining when she felt my hands pressing her closer to me to keep her upright. “No, no, stand up, and stand still.” I looked her up and down quickly, and watched as she tried to stop bouncing but only managed to slow down. “Arms up,” I said, causing her to drop the hem of her shirt and do as I asked. Then I pulled her shirt up off of her and tossed it to the side. She instinctively put one hand over her chest and left the other to fiddle with her collar, her face even redder than before.

Then I knelt down before her and hooked my fingers into the strangling waistband of her shorts, getting her to gasp and try to take a step back in response. I looked up at her with a silly grin. “What,” I asked with a teasing songlike voice. “You don’t want to get out of your wet clothes?”

“Just… a little surprised… Y-you made me… pee a little bit…” She was looking off to the side, not at me, and her hands were still covering her breasts. She turned to look at the ceiling when I forced her shorts down to her knees, eliciting a sigh as the pressure was finally released. Then I reached up and gently rubbed the crotch of her panties – the ones she always wore for our little games, and which by now bore not a hint of their original white color despite many attempts to wash them – before tearing those down as well, letting them and her shorts fall to the ground.

I stood up and gave her chest a gentle shove so she’d sit down – a spurt soaked into my blankets as soon as she made contact – and then I took her hand and guided her to lie on her back. She squirmed around watching me while I prepared to join her, slipping out of my jacket and carefully folding it before setting down on the nightstand by her head. I only remembered what had already been there when I saw her hand retract from trying to grab it before my jacket covered it, so I went ahead and got it myself.

Ellie looked back and forth between my face and the hand that was now brandishing our leash, clearly unsure of what to do now. It was little more than a long piece of string, strong enough for us to play with but discreet enough that we could use it when I took her out for walks in public. I dangled it in front of her as if it were a cat toy. “You want me to use this on you?” She nodded quietly and I shook my head. “Not today, dear,” I said, slipping it into one of my jacket pockets. Then I unwrapped my breasts and let the sweaty cloth that had been covering them fall to the floor. “Though you have been a very good girl today.” I climbed onto the bed and got on my knees, grabbing her legs to keep them still. “In fact, I think you deserve a reward…”

I forced her to spread her legs and had just started to lean in when she called out and tried to wiggle away. “N-no, wait! I-I’m gonna… gonna p-pee on you if- if you do that.” When I just gave her a silly look with my head cocked, she added more quietly, “A-and I-I- I don’t… I don’t wanna, uh, pee… on you.” Even the High King’s crimson banners couldn’t compare to the color of Ellie’s face.

“Fingers it is, then,” I said, crawling up to lie down on my side next to her and shooting her a devilish look. She looked at me, a little worried, but her eyes were still reflecting the fire in mine. I snuggled up close to her, perhaps intentionally guiding one of her hands to my rear so I didn’t crush that arm between us. Then I took a moment to give her bladder a gentle rub before venturing southward.

Ellie turned her head back to look at the ceiling and brought a hand to her neck, and when my fingers found what they were looking for she shut her eyes and let out a quivering moan. I got right to work and didn’t let up, despite her intense squirming and the occasional spurt of her pee I’d feel slip past my fingers. She made the most adorable noises whenever she leaked.

“Ahaah…” Before too long, I felt a big, steady leak against my hand, that lasted for a good second before turning into a weak dribble. Coincidentally this was around the same time my fingers found their way inside, and Elaria brought both of her hands down to mine to try to get me to apply more pressure to her from the outside. “Nonononono…” She was muttering quickly and quietly, pleading with herself to hold her pee just a little longer, even though we both knew she was just about at her limit. “Holditholditholditholditholdit…”

I pressed my head up against hers while my hand kept doing what it was doing, admiring the scent of her hair that still overpowered that of her sweat. She kept moaning and groaning and muttering and slowly leaking into my hand until suddenly her eyes shot open and her whole body tensed up.

“Gotta hold it, gotta hold it, gotta hold it, hhaah… nnnn…” She was talking to herself with a whining tone, trying to convince herself to do something she knew was impossible. “Gotta… gotta… I… I can’t…” I felt it in my hand before she said it. “I can’t… can’t hold it… I… I’m peeing… Aah… I’m… haah…” Her breathing was heavy, and there were tears in her eyes and a smile on her face. I took a moment to look down and admire her heaving chest, pretending to look past it and at what my fingers hadn’t stopped doing. Her stream was heavy, and with my hand in the way it ended up getting everywhere, but I could still feel that it wasn’t at its full potential – she was still fighting it, even though she had no chance to regain control at this point.

Eventually my fingers left her and I moved my hand away, allowing her to spray my bed directly, her stream quickly becoming more intense as she surrendered control. Then I moved so that I was straddling her, grabbing her hands and holding them up on either side of her head. She stared at me for a moment, closing her eyes again when I suddenly leaned in and kissed her. I heard a muffled groan of pleasure from her and felt her hands shift as they tried to break free of my grip. I broke off just long enough to say two words: “No touching.” Then I immediately returned my mouth to hers and listened to her moans and the sound of her bladder emptying itself onto my bed as it so desperately needed to for so long.

I broke off again before long and repositioned myself a bit, still hovering over her, but now my hands had released hers and had started playing with her tits. She seemed to have the same idea, putting one hand on my back to get me to lean in a little closer while other explored my chest.

She kept peeing the whole time, which I found rather amusing considering that she must have emptied half of her bladder into her pants earlier. She really had been at her absolute maximum. I had been too, and had no intentions of waiting particularly long any time soon, so when I realized I either still had a little left or some of my last drinks had finally caught up with me, I added a little trickle to Ellie’s puddle without a second thought. She raised an eyebrow at me but didn’t say anything.

I hardly had anything to contribute in the first place, so I finished quickly, and not too long afterwards I heard Elaria’s stream start to die off. Just about in time, too, as her trickling was now making the sound of water-on-water, indicating that she’d wet my bed enough that it couldn’t be absorbed all at once and had created a puddle.

When she finally stopped, I fell back to lie next to her, my legs splashing against her puddle for a moment. She was taking deep sighing breaths and seemed quite out of it, so I gave her arm a little tug. Her head turned to me and she looked confused for a moment, before she realized where she was and what she’d done. “I… I wet your bed,” she said.

I nodded and gave a little smile. “Of course you did. Now come on, slide over where it’s dry.” I’d intentionally gone out of my way to get a far bigger bed than I needed, even though Ellie and I always cuddled together when she stayed over – she’d covered a large part of it with her piss but there was still a significant portion that was yet untouched thanks to my foresight, and that was where we both moved to, me at the edge and her just to my left. Then I wiggled around a bit to work myself under the sheets, and she did the same.

Beneath the covers, I snuggled up close to her again, now just hugging her and enjoying the warmth of her naked and rather wet body against mine. “So, how was that, huh?”

“Ohhh… I… don’t… I don’t know the words for that…” She was holding me just as I was her, and every breath she took still sounded like a moan. “It was…” Ellie took a moment to think, and instead of trying to put together words she gave me a quick kiss. “Does… that explain it?”

“Perfectly,” I cooed, moving a hand to brush through her hair. “You did very well, my dear.”

“I… I just wanted to make you happy.” She closed her eyes and leaned into the hand I had running against her head.

“Don’t you lie to me, now. I know you enjoyed it.”

Her response was a giggle. “Maybe a little bit…”

Then we were both silent, aside from the occasional sigh caused by one of us petting the other or my toying with her collar, until I spoke after a few minutes. She just had to hear the stupid joke I’d come up with.

“Hey, El,” I started, barely able to suppress a little laugh.

“What is it?” She looked at me with a sparkle in her eyes.

“So, what do you call it when a priestess has an accident?”

Elaria groaned and I could tell she was trying not to laugh before I’d even told the joke properly. “This is gonna be terrible, isn’t it?”

“I dunno, maaaaybeee… But, come on, guess.” I twirled a lock of her hair around with a finger.

“Um… I don’t… I don’t know. What do you call it?”

I had to put a hand to my mouth to stop from bursting with laughter right away. Eventually I composed myself just barely enough to deliver the punchline. “A clerical error,” I said, howling at my own joke.

Ellie refused to look at me while she giggled uncontrollably. “Man, I really hate you sometimes, you know that?”

“Love you too, babe.”

*004*2019-05-23 16:22

{{Just now, Dimwitrolo said:

Pretty good artwork there fam :^)

}}

Thanks, I wonder where one might be able to get more like it?

