Star Wars: Qi`ra pee desperation

Author: starwarsomo

*000*2024-09-04 09:08

(This story was based on a deleted scene from Solo: A Star Wars Story.)

Qi'ra rushes through the market with Han, trying to evade the pursuiting White Worm agents, their escape was rush that she didn't even realise what's happening until Lady Proxima starts screaming and Han catches her hand and run. Qira felt her heart pumping dangerously fast. Her legs were numbed, and she can hardly catch her breathe, more importantly, she's very desperate to pee. Qira took her last piss after she woke in the evening, which is 6 hours ago, and ever since, she was given no chance to relieve her bladder, until now she still can't satisfy her need as there's no time for such thing. 

Qi'ra rarely wet herself as she's already an adult. However, she has been holding it for too long & in addition to the bumpy speeder chase, her red cotton panty was soaked due to a few leakage, it's just a matter of time before she soaked her black trousers. Fortunately, Qira spotted a barrel and realised it's her only chance to pee, she reached over and yanked off the lid, she persuade Han to jump into the barrel, which was actually a tank full of water and eel to hide from the hounds, while Han was still hesitating (due to the stink of the barrel), Qira was shivering frantically in desperation. 

Streams of hot urine escaped her tired pussy and oozes out from her pee-saturated panty, when Han finally jumped into it Qi'ra' thighs were lined with piss, she climbed in with him and crouched down, just when her lower body submerged in water, she relaxed her sphincter completely, letting the urine inside of her bursting bladder flow freely underwater, the salty water washes the urine instantly so that she doesn't have to pull down her pants. The sudden influx of pee causes the eels squirmed furiously. While relieving herself, Qi'ra peeked out from the holes. the barrel, she saw that the white Worm thugs were gone, which means. her sweet relief has come to an end as she has to seize time to escape @from the thugs, she opened the lid ond climbs out of the barrel, then hurried toward the spaceport with Han with a 60% full bladder (Qi'ra doesn't have enough time to empty her bladder completely)... (To be continued)

Comment Like and Share

