A Naughty Accident Gone Wrong

Author: Skirt Accident

*000*2020-01-26 22:56

Nguyen Van Cuong looked at his beautiful girlfriend and appreciated just how lucky he was. Nguyen Thi Anh was slender and beautiful, with flowing black hair and perfect skin, and dressed so cute, too. And she even shared his favourite fetish - omorashi. She would hold her wee for him until she burst, and moaned in pleasure as the wee flowed down her legs, and was happy to tell him any cute desperation stories she had - and her recent job had certainly given her plenty. She had just been promoted at her office, and had little time to ever take a toilet break - and there was only one ladies' toilet in the office. She had got very desperate on several occasions, to the point of almost having an accident, but thanks to her holding experience had just about managed to stay dry. One of her colleagues had not been so lucky, and was left sobbing with urine flowing down her legs. Having seen her poor colleague's humiliation, she had decided on some new precautions.

"Tell me if you get desperate today," he said. "And especially if you don't make it..."

"Oh, I won't be worrying about that," she said. "I'm wearing special underwear today."

She lifted her gorgeous red skirt to reveal an adult diaper.

"I'll be using this as my toilet," she said. "No need to worry about queues when it's right here under my skirt."

"That's so hot," he said. "I'd love to change you when you get home."

"I'd love that too," she said, kissing him passionately.

"Just be careful not to let anyone see under your skirt," he said.

"I'll be very careful," she said.

Anh got on her bicycle and cycled through the Ha Noi traffic to the office. Being very careful not to show her underwear when climbing the stairs, she briskly walked up to the office and got to work. She made herself a large cup of coffee and started to drink it. She had a big bladder, and it would take a long time for it to fill up. But if it did, she wouldn't have to worry about the toilet when she had one under her skirt!

Sure enough, by lunch time, she really had to go, but there was a queue for the toilet. Rather than squirm in line, she decided to just hold it and let loose in her diaper if she really couldn't wait. She sat down and ate her lunch, chatting with her colleagues.

"They really need to build another ladies' toilet here," said Tran Thi Binh, her gorgeous colleague who had suffered misfortune before. "I still haven't got over that awful day last week. Fortunately I managed to get the smell out of my skirt..."

"I'm really sorry for you," said Anh, shifting a little in her seat at the thought of how desperate her colleague had been. "They really do need to make some changes."

"They really do," said Binh. "It's got so bad I've had to do exercises to help myself hold it. I've even considered diapers."

"Well, I wouldn't be that drastic," Anh said, blushing a little.

"You girls are such pussies," said Nguyen Van Chinh, a stocky, stubbly man. "I don't have any problems holding it. If you didn't take so long in the toilet then there wouldn't be so much of a queue."

"Thanks for being so understanding," said Binh, sulking. "And you're wondering why I turned down a date with you after you laughed at my awful accident."

"Come on, a grown woman piddling in her knickers is funny," he said.

"Not if you're the one doing it," she said. "It was the worst day of my adult life. I broke down in tears."

"Binh was really hurt emotionally," said Anh. "You should be more sensitive."

"Your bladders should be less sensitive," he said.

As the afternoon wore on, Anh's desperation grew more and more intense. Normally she would be worried, but with her diaper she felt confident. She could just let go while going about her business and everything would be fine. She felt an intense urge in her bladder and put her hand over it. It wouldn't be long before she lost control, but it didn't matter. She'd just carry on and let go when it got too painful. She strolled over to check up on Binh.

"Hey, have you done those graphs yet?" she asked.

"Yes," said Binh, looking up from her computer. "Look here."

As Anh bent over to look at the computer, the pain was just too much, and she started to spurt into her diaper. Trying not to show the ecstasy of release, she looked attentively as more and more wee spurted into her diaper, filling it with wet warmth. Her sphincter finally relaxed and started to wee in a cascade. The warmth was comforting, and no one knew about it!

Then she felt hot wee flowing down her legs. Her diaper was overflowing. It was made for the elderly, not 27 year old omorashi lovers with 2 litre bladder capacities...why didn't she test the diapers first? She gulped in horror as the wee splashed onto the floor.

"Anh...you're having an accident..." said Binh. "I'm so sorry..."

"Um...yeah...I...don't know what happened, I just lost it..." said Anh, tears coming to her eyes.

"I know it's so hard to hold it sometimes," said Binh.

"I'll...go and get the mop..." said Anh, traipsing off to the cleaning cupboard. She winced as she saw Chinh look down at her piss-streaked legs.

"You pissed yourself too?" he said, chuckling. "What is it with the girls here and tiny bladders?"

"Fuck off," she said, and tried to push past him. In doing so, she tripped over his foot, and fell forwards, her skirt flying up over her waist and revealing her diaper to the whole office.

"And you're wearing a DIAPER?" said Chinh. "Man, I might piss myself too laughing at this!"

"Fuck you..." she said, tears flowing from her eyes. She hadn't cried for years, but this humiliation had utterly broken her composure. She wished her boyfriend was there to cuddle her and tell her it was alright. She picked herself up and got the mop, before taking it back to her puddle.

"Hey, it's OK," said Binh. "I'll clean it up. You go to the toilet and get yourself clean as much as you can. Your skirt's still more or less dry."

"Thanks," said Anh. Her diaper was heavy with wee as she opened the toilet door. She removed it, dried her tears, and tried to get herself clean as much as she could. She would finish the rest of her day, then come home and seek comfort from her boyfriend.

Anh sighed with relief as she finally left the office. Her colleagues had been chuckling about her all afternoon. It felt like she would never get over it. It felt weird to get on her bicycle with nothing on under her skirt. She tried to comfort herself thinking of her boyfriend, and set off for home. When she got in, he saw her tear-streaked face and hugged her at once.

"What happened?" said Cuong. "You've been crying."

"My diaper overflowed..." she said. "I disgraced myself in front of all my colleagues."

"Oh, you poor little girl," he said. He clutched her tighter. She felt his cock sticking into her hard, and reached down to undo his flies. He opened up his trousers and slipped out his cock, and carried her to the bed, where he gently put her down and lay on top of her. She felt his cock firmly inside her and gasped from the pleasure. He thrust hard into her for a couple of minutes, pushing her closer and closer to orgasm. The humiliation had made her so sensitive that she soon climaxed intensely, and her came soon after. They then kissed again.

"I know I've got you, at least," she said. "But I'm definitely trying a new brand of diapers next time."

*002*2020-02-02 21:16

{{On 1/27/2020 at 5:23 AM, sissypup said:

That was so great. Love the unexpected overflowing and all the embarrassment. Plz write more.

}}

Humiliation is one of my favourite parts of omorashi, so I hopefully will.

