Visit to Earth

Author: Spectator9

*000*2023-03-03 16:51

The spacecraft glided silently over the landscape and settled gently onto a field of corn stubble. With an almost inaudible whine, a ramp lowered and a bipedal figure strode onto the moist earth. He looked around as if to orient himself, and then he walked confidently toward the nearby highway that led to a large town.

Android 746, or "Andy", as he was to be called, was a perfect, nonorganic replica of a human being, right down to the smallest detail. He had been painstakingly programmed to blend in with the population of this planet so that he could learn the details of social interactions. The data from thousands of hours of television transmissions had been stored in his positronic brain, and although his star system was 50 light-years away, this planet would not have changed much in that time span. In the hour or so that they had orbited after coming out of warp drive, they had tapped into networked computer systems to create an identity for him, complete with bank accounts and credit cards.

As Andy strolled along the sidewalks of the town, he saw that his chinos and sport shirt were at least similar to those worn by older humans, and people passed by without giving him a second glance. His first stop was the bank, where he was issued his credit card and a checkbook, and then he went into several shops to examine the goods that were displayed.

Then he entered a building whose sign declared it to be a place for the intake of food. His olofactory sensors detected a variety of airborne molecules, and when he looked to see what others had on their tables, he noted so many differences in color and texture. Some items were solid and some were liquid. He would sample as many as he could.

He ordered clam chowder, a bacon cheeseburger, pistachio ice cream, coffee and beer. Many sitcoms had shown humans eating, so using the utensils was no problem. He masticated the contents of the plates, and the material passed on to the organic processor in his torso, where it was compacted for later removal. The liquids he imbibed were filtered and stored in his fluid containment module.

Andy's analyzer identified the alcohol in the beer as an energy source that could supplement his fuel cells, so he ordered more of that. Then he proffered his credit card, scribbled on the paper that was given him, and left the place. He had just stepped onto the sidewalk when a Class Three warning registered in his brain: fluid containment approaching maximum.

In an instant he did the calculations. He had consumed 47 ounces of liquid, and his fluid containment module was designed for only 25. He would have to release some of it. He checked his body function data bank and was surprised to find no entry for fluid release.

That was impossible. Virtually every single human act was depicted on the television signals they had received. Eating, drinking, kissing, scratching, even fighting and murder. He reviewed the data, and nowhere could he find the topic of fluid release. Yet it had to be a normal human function, considering the amount of liquid that he had seen consumed in the restaurant.

The warning became Class Two, containment at maximum, and he redirected power to the fluid control valve. Andy walked briskly as his logic modules integrated the data from all parts of the positronic brain. The conclusion was that he would have to observe humans until one chose to release fluids. He went back into the restaurant just as the Class One warning was registered, containment failure imminent. He would have to find the answer quickly or his internal systems would suffer massive damage. He sent maximum power to the fluid control valve, and he located his fluid release tube. He clamped it shut to insure that nothing would be released as he looked around at all the humans in the room.

Then he saw a couple, one male and one female, get up from their table and walk to the rear of the establishment. Andy got up and followed. The woman went through a door labeled "Hers" and the man through a door labeled "His". He followed the man.

Inside were two booths with metal doors and three white porcelain fixtures attached to the wall. The man walked up to the end one, stood with his legs somewhat apart, and did something with his clothing.

"Control valve catastrophic failure - 10 seconds" registered in Andy's brain. He had no time to lose. He marched up to the fixture next to the man and observed what was taking place.

REPORT OF SPACECRAFT COMMANDER, STARDATE 2243.6

Android 746 was recovered from behind an earth structure in poor condition. Its positronic brain had been deactivated by a blow to the cranium, and there were numerous other body systems with damage. Its lower clothing was soaked with fluids. It will be sent to Biotechnic Lab 73 for further analysis.

RECOMMENDATIONS OF BL73 TECHNICIAN 955

Android 746 was a perfect replica of a human, but included human defects as well. Primary to this incident was the inadequate size of the fluid containment module, the inadequate strength of the fluid containment valve, and the lack of programming for the use of the fluid release tube. Humans do not permit observation as they release fluids.

Our recommendations for future models include a larger fluid module with a reinforced valve. A larger and more durable fluid release tube is also suggested.

*002*2023-03-04 13:39

{{11 hours ago, eucoloco said:

Luv dystopia stuff. If we're lucky he'll be rebuilt and sent again 😉🤭

}}

I could use a larger fluid module, a reinforced valve and a larger, more durable fluid release tube myself! 😉

