Decorator trouble

Author: stinklerus

*000*2020-02-11 16:37

Tom was driving to the city to spend another weekend with Jill, the older woman with whom he had struck up a relationship. Their first date together had been a great success, despite them both having practically wet themselves on the way back from the restaurant. In fact, it had been such a success that Tom had never even used his hotel room, having stayed instead with Jill, mostly in her bedroom! Jill had assured him that if any of her neighbours mentioned seeing a young man about her house that she would tell them that he was her nephew paying her a visit. Tom had decided to drive down this time, rather than take the train, as they could go off exploring should the weather be good. It wasn’t good at the moment though, with strong winds and driving rain, which was delaying his journey and making him worried that he would be late.

Jill had been away for a few days visiting an old friend, but was currently travelling back on the train, and was expecting Tom to meet her at the station. She was excited already about meeting him again and smiled to herself when she recalled their first date. Tom had turned her on big time, from the moment she first saw him in the flesh, but not least when he had become desperate for a pee on the way home. So desperate that he had leaked a bit into his boxers before rushing into an alleyway and peeing a torrent. He hadn’t dared tell him how much that had turned her on, but then she didn’t want to bring up the matter again, as it had been closely followed by her wetting her own knickers in the same alley. Tom hadn’t seemed to mind and she had wondered if he hadn’t been secretly turned on by her predicament, as he had been rock hard when they finally got back to her house.

The weather wasn’t being kind to the train timetable either. There were delays and disruptions all over, but thankfully her train hadn’t been cancelled. She was keen to get back, not only to see Tom, but also because she had arranged for a decorator to re-decorate one of the bedrooms while she was away, She was excited about seeing it and hoped the colour scheme she had chosen would be a success. She sat back and drank her tea, the second cup of the journey, pleased that she would soon be home and with Tom.

Then the announcement came - their arrival would be delayed by an hour due to a fallen tree on the line. Jill cursed under her breath. An hour wasn’t much, but she was longing to get back, especially with Tom coming to stay. She checked her mobile and was pleased to note that it had full signal. She decided to call Tom, rather than message him, as she thought he would probably be driving and would answer using his hands free kit. He replied almost immediately, but sounded stressed. Once she had explained that the train would arrive an hour late, Tom seem more relaxed and he went on to explain that he wasn’t making as much progress as he would have expected due to the weather conditions, but that he should arrive at about the same time as her train.

During her call to Tom, Jill had noticed that her bladder was telling her it was quite full and that a visit to the loo would be in order. Once she finished her call, she stood up and made her way to the toilet. She hated using train toilets, but the carriage was nearly empty and her bladder was telling her that this was a necessity. She had hoped to have been able to avoid needing the toilet until she arrived at the station, but then thought about the two cups of tea, as well as the coffee she had had earlier with her friend.

All that liquid was making it’s presence felt, so she would have to put her dislikes to one side and use the toilet on the train. Or so she thought! She reached the toilet only to find the door locked. At first she thought it might be engaged, although she hadn’t noticed anyone moving about the carriage, but then she saw the typed notice on the door. It read :- We apologise for any inconvenience, but due to vandalism all toilets on this train are currently out of order.

Immediately on reading the notice, her need seemed to increase tenfold. Here she was, stuck on a train which was delayed by an hour and which had no functioning toilet.! Jill went back to her seat and tried her best to get comfortable and to forget about her bladder. True, she wasn’t desperate, but the thought of there not being a toilet available did worry her. There was nothing for it though, she would just have to hold on till the train arrived at the station and go there instead.

Tom was having a bit of a struggle of his own. He had intended to stop off at a service area and use the toilet, but after getting Jill’s call he had reassessed his progress and decided that if he was going to be there to meet the train he would need to press on. He was needing now, and would gladly have gone, but he didn’t want to be late for Jill. She gave him the hots, big time, and he recalled how desperate she had been on their first date before accidentally peeing through her knickers because she hadn’t managed to pull them down in time. He hadn’t told her how much of a turn on it had been, in case she thought him weird, but it had been the most erotic sight he had ever witnessed.

Jill still had around half an hour of her journey before she reached her destination, and was wishing it was less. She was fidgetting constantly by now, and anyone who was watching would have been able to guess that she badly needed to pee. She was wearing a short coat over a dress. She had on tights on top of her usual full cut knickers and she didn’t like the idea of rubbing her thighs together too much in case she laddered them. She had been clenching her thighs for some time though, as well as giving herself little squeezes through her dress when no one was looking. She was still confident she would make it to the station, but she was becoming distinctly uncomfortable and silently cursing the railway system for it’s lack of customer focus.

Tom was at the outskirts of the city now and had set his satnav to direct him to the station. He hoped there weren’t too many big junctions to negotiate, as he was still tight for time, but thought he would make it if he wasn’t held up too much. One thing he wouldn’t manage to do was to stop for a much needed pee. He had been needing for ages, but had kept going, spurred on by the thought of seeing Jill again. He planned to go at the station, hopefully before Jill’s train arrived, but if not he would go there anyway.

At last Jill’s train started to slow on the approach to the station. She had endured the latter part of the journey with tightly crossed legs, helped at times with a discreet hand up her skirt to help hold. She was certainly becoming desperate now, as the tea and coffee continued to make their presence known. She was certainly going to have to use the station toilet before any more travelling, although it would only be a five minute drive to her house.

Tom found the station thanks mainly to the instructions being shouted to him by his satnav. On checking his watch he saw that the train should just be arriving, so rather than park in the car park he stopped tin the five minute drop-off spaces just at the entrance. He quickly got out, locked the car and went into the station. On scanning the arrivals board he noted that Jill’s train was just arriving, so went immediately to the gate to the platform to meet her. They noticed one another as soon as Jill stepped off the train and she came rushing to meet him. For the moment Tom totally forgot about his bladder as they threw their arms around one another and kissed and hugged, oblivious to all the other passengers rushing past. Jill was so excited to see Tom that she too put all thoughts of the toilet to the back of her mind and took his hand as he led her to the exit. Tom explained where he was parked and that they would need to hurry before he got a ticket, so they rushed off at once.

It was only when they got settled in the car that Jill announced “I hope the traffic isn’t too heavy. I’m bursting for the loo. There were no toilets on the train, they were all out of order” Tom was stunned by this sudden admission, but managed to mutter some suitable comments. In truth, as soon as Jill had spoken he had grown rock hard, totally turned on by the thought of this lovely woman beside him being desperate for a pee. He said he would get them to her house as quickly as possible, but asked her to make sure he took the correct route.

Jill gave him instructions as they went, although she was having difficulty in registering where they were , thanks to her predicament. She was squirming around on the seat, with both hands pressed firmly between her thighs and her feet drumming on the floor. Tom had other things on his mind now than his own need and was having difficulty keeping his eyes on the road! He was very much aware that Jill was bursting to pee and could lose it at any moment,

After five minutes of sheer torture they arrived in front of Jill’s house and Tom pulled into the drive. Jill had fished her key from her bag on the way and was out of the car almost before it had stopped, rushing towards the door with one hand between her legs, Tom left her case in the car and quickly followed, not wanting to miss out what might be about to happen. She unlocked the door and raced inside, to be met with the overwhelming smell of new paint. The smell was so strong that instead of going straight to the toilet she rushed into the newly decorated bedroom to open the window.

Tom had followed her, noticing that the decorator couldn’t have quite finished, as there were paint pots and dust sheets still lying round. Jill reached out to open the window as wide as possible. As soon as she did so a gust of wind blew in and caused the bedroom door to slam shut. They both turned towards the door and, to their horror, saw that there was no handle on the inside! The painter must have taken it off to avoid getting paint on it when coating the door. Tom glanced around frantically looking for it, before remembering having seen a door handle lying on the hall table on his way in.

Jill let out a moan of desperation and despair “I’m absolutely bursting! What am I going to do? I must get to a toilet or I’ll wet myself! Please! Help me! Do something to get us out of here! I’m about to go in my knickers!”

Jill did indeed look like she was about to have an accident. She was standing with both hands between her legs and her skirt had ridden up so that Tom could almost see her knickers. She was jiggling about from foot to foot and moaning constantly. The carpet had been pulled back from the edge of the room and the furniture was all covered by dust sheets. He could see nothing lying about that he could use to open the door, but he bent down to study the hole where the handle had been. He saw that the spindle had been removed with the handle and that gave him an idea. He asked Jill if there was a nail file or something similar in the room. Between moans she muttered “dresser drawer” and pointed towards a piece of furniture. Tom went over and raised the cover. There was a dresser with drawers at each side.

He checked one side, but saw nothing suitable before checking the other and finding two nail files. He took them both over to the door and tried to insert one into the spindle hole and turn, but the file was slightly too wide. He took the other and it was the same, so he started to file down the edge of one file using the other. He apologised to Jill for damaging it, telling her he would buy her a replacement. She replied “I don’t care, just get me out of here! I’m about to piss myself!”

Tom filed away steadily. He was seating now, and not only from his exertions, but also because his need was back and he was having to twist his legs together as he worked and give himself an occasional squeeze. Jill had given up all attempts at modesty and had pulled up her skirt to get a better hold. Both hands were cupping her crotch and she was absolutely dancing around. “Please, please hurry” she said “This is serious! I don’t think I can wait much longer! I’m nearly doing it! I’m going to piss myself! Please hurry!”

Tom tried to reassure her, telling her he was almost there and she would be out and in the toilet in a minute or so. Then suddenly he heard a deep moan followed by Jill’s voice saying “Oh no! No! Oh It’s too late! It’s coming! I’m doing it! I’m going in my knickers!” This was immediately followed by a loud hiss and a splashing noise. Tom stopped filing and looked around to see Jill standing with her legs apart, hands at her crotch and a flood of pee poring from behind them onto the bare floorboards. As he watched she relaxed and moved her hands away to hold her skirt out of the flow, and he saw her sodden knickers under her tights, which were soaked down the inside of her thighs to her knees.

She stood peeing for what seemed like an age before it finally stopped and she said “Tom, I’m so sorry! I just couldn’t hold it in any longer! I just had to let go. I was in agony! Please Tom, please forgive me. It’s only our second date and that’s’ the second time \\I’ve wet myself like a little girl. Oh tom I feel so ashamed.” Tom stopped what he was doing and went over and took her in his arms. He told her he loved her and that it wasn’t her fault the train toilets didn’t work. He was so hard now that his own need was forgotten once more and Jill noticed this too as she pressed against him.

After a moment Jill had regained her composure. Tom set to work and after a few minutes had filed the nail file sufficiently for it to fit in and turn the latch to open the door. They headed straight to the bathroom where Tom help Jill out of her sodden knickers and tights before slipping off her dress and helping her into the shower. Once she had initially showered Tom stripped off and joined her under the shower where they began a long night of passion.

*004*2020-02-23 11:26

Thanks for the kind and positive comments. It's good to know that somebody reads these and appreciates them.

More to follow when time allows.

