Appearances

Author: secretomoact

*000*2022-02-05 04:22

Like the last few stories I've posted, this was originally written using characters from a non-kink book I've written (The same one that the characters in my fic STP

@@are from). So, name-changes were made and the setting was kept vague to keep it from being recognizable, I hope the vagueness does not distract from the desperation content.

***

Lydia abhorred dinner parties. She was honestly grateful that her Mother so rarely permitted her children to attend them alongside her. Mother always said “And you are not to come,” as if Lydia should be extremely disappointed by it, but she never was. Lydia didn’t want to be forced into a cumbersome designer dress. Lydia didn’t want to be told to wear pointed shoes she couldn’t figure out how to walk in. Lydia didn’t want to be ordered to sit at the table and not say a word, then berated if she made the mistake of answering someone’s question and somehow “embarrassed the family” again.

For Lydia’s Mother, appearances were everything. They were, in fact, the only thing in the world that seemed to exist to her. And, since it was too difficult to primp Lydia and her younger sister Pauline until they appeared to be Mother’s perfect Mini-Mes, they were not often brought out to socialize with Mother’s high society friends.

Lydia slouched too much. She talked too loud. She didn’t know the first thing about fashion brands or cosmetics. She liked sports. And as for Pauline, she was just a six year old who, well, acted like a six year old. All of these things were unacceptable to Mother, whom desperately wanted daughters whom were more befitting of their rich, prissy status.

The only reason Lydia and Pauline were being brought along this time was because there would be photographers there; photographers who wanted to get pictures of the happy family to use in magazines. Lydia’s Mother was a former model, and her Father was a world famous TV star, and when the family was out together, they needed to appear as though they were the ideal of the ideal. A level of perfection common folks could only dream of reaching.

Appearances were everything.

So, that was how Lydia found herself wearing the most uncomfortable romper she’d ever had the misfortune of being draped in, alongside a pair of six inch heels that seemed to be Hell-bent on causing her enough lasting bodily harm that she’d never be able to play sports again. Perhaps, Lydia thought, that was Mother’s plan all along; She could get Lydia to stop her allegedly ‘unbecoming’ activities by revoking the use of her legs via torture-shoes.

But, the discomfort of her clothing was not the worst thing Lydia had to contend with as she sat at the table and tried to force down caviar and glass after glass of flavored water. The worst thing was, instead, where all that flavored water had ended up. She’d been feeling an irritating tingle in her midsection for several hours, but with the amount of beverages she’d gulped down under the glaring eyes of her Mother, she was now more than full.

Lydia knew better than to ask to be excused, and she especially knew not to ask the host where the restroom was. Even doing so in the vaguest, most polite terms possible would result in a lecture from Mother about how her behavior was disgraceful and that she had shamed the family once again. She clenched her thighs, gritted her teeth, and hoped an opportunity for relief would present itself soon.

She looked across the table to Pauline. She was only six. Surely, Lydia thought, her sister would need to go soon as well. And, being so young, perhaps she’d even blurt it out? Then, Lydia could offer to take her, and she’d be home-free.

But, Pauline wasn’t fidgeting at all. She wasn’t tugging on her dark bangs, a habit Lydia had noticed while Pauline was being toilet trained, and one she knew indicated that her sister needed to pee. Pauline looked comfortable, aside from continually tugging on the scratchy neckline of her dress.

Lydia was most uncomfortable. She’d crossed her legs together—inadvertently jabbing her shin with her massive heels by mistake— but it wasn’t helping quell the tide very much. After so much time of speedily increasing urgency, there was little she could do to fight it back.

Another half hour passed and Lydia was bouncing her knees beneath the table, each time her shoes hit the ground they would make a small cracking sound and she hoped Mother didn’t hear it, or at least that she couldn’t tell where it was coming from. Lydia’s urge to urinate had reached an unfathomable peak, and she didn’t think she could hold out much longer. She had to come up with some kind of excuse to break away soon, or she’d find herself sitting in a puddle.

If Mother thought asking for directions to a toilet would disgrace the family, what would she think if Lydia had an accident in her fancy, designer romper surrounded by all of Mother’s friends and her Father’s camera crew? Lydia shuddered at the image, not just out of fear of Mother’s wrath, but from the sheer embarrassment she’d feel herself.

She clenched her thighs, gritted her teeth, and tried to will her sphincter to remain shut. But, the sheer volume of liquid pushing its way downward was causing her pelvic muscles to slacken and lose strength.

A massive spasm ricocheted through her body, and a hand dove beneath the table cloth so she could cup herself. She looked around, no one could tell where her hand was, thankfully, but the awful shock of the jolt had startled her. And now her bladder was throbbing with even more violence. She couldn’t take it much more. She really couldn’t. It was just too much. Too much liquid. Too much urine. All of it sloshing and pressing and bearing down on her with so much power that—

Another spasm hit, even worse than the last, and a spurt of warmth wet her clothing and the hand pressed against it. What now? What now? This was a total emergency, and if she didn’t find an excuse to leave soon, she would have an accident! She had to leave. She had to!

“Mama,” Pauline said, tugging the sleeve of Mother’s dress.

Mother kept chatting to the person beside her, ignoring Pauline.

“Mama?” Pauline tried once more, and Mother turned to her angrily.

“What?” Mother demanded. “Can’t you see I’m in the middle of—“

“I have to go pee!” Pauline whined.

Mother grimaced, “We’re having a meal,” she said. “Do not talk about that at the table.”

“But, Mama. I really hafta—“

Mother groaned, as if the basic tasks of childcare were insurmountable burdens to her. Which, Lydia considered, they kind of were. “Lydia,” Mother said. “Please, go take care of your sister.”

Ordinarily, all care for Pauline fell onto Lydia. Lydia didn’t mind it. She loved her sister and liked to spend time with her. And, she definitely didn’t mind it now. Finally, she was gonna get to use the toilet! With eagerness, Lydia stood, took Pauline’s hand and walked briskly from the dining room. It was not easy to walk normally without a hand between her thighs, and each step brought new, fresh waves of pain tearing through her bloated bladder. She and Pauline made it into the hallway.

Finally, she’d almost made it. Now, where was the restroom?

Lydia was grateful to live in New York City for a whole host of reasons, good public transit, lots of things to do, beautiful buildings… But, what she was most grateful for now was the fact that everyone lived in an apartment. Even the grotesquely wealthy like Mother’s friends. True, this was an above-average sized apartment. But still, it was an apartment. Not a massive, sprawling home that she’d never be able to find a toilet in.

It only took a few tries to locate the room she most needed to visit. But, then she remembered her sister had to go too. It was her responsibility as the older one, the one who should have a much finer mastery over her bladder, to allow Pauline to go first. She did this, and stood outside the door, shifting from foot to foot as she listened to liquid pattering… Until she mis-stepped in those god-awful shoes and nearly tumbled right over again.

The shock as she tried to re-steady herself and get a grip caused a long, long jet of urine to spray down her legs. After she’d righted herself and dared to look down, there was a dark patch on her clothes, and an obvious trail of liquid going down one of her bare legs. She placed both hands between her legs and fought not to shift her feet around anymore. Moving her legs was obviously way too dangerous in these heels.

Hopefully, the wet spots could be cleaned up once she got into the restroom. At least Pauline finished fast, when she came out she told Lydia to flush the toilet for her. She had yet to get over her fear of the sound it made, ordinarily Lydia would try to persuade her that it wasn’t going to hurt her, but she hadn’t the time. She put her hand on the doorknob, one of them still crammed between her legs.

“Lydia?” Pauline asked. “Are you having a ‘mergency like I was?”

Lydia cringed and nodded, digging her hand more firmly against herself.

“You shoulda said!” Pauline said. “I woulda let you go before, so you don’t have an accident!”

Lydia fought down the embarrassment of having her much younger sister express concern over her ability to control her bladder. She pushed open the door, rushed inside, and locked it. She saw the toilet, and almost peed herself right then.

‘Just a few more seconds,’ she told herself. ‘Just a few. You can make it. You’re strong. You can easily lift fifty pound weights, you can certainly handle a few more seconds of holding it.’ Her hands went up to the waistband of her pants and—

She realized then that she was not wearing sweatpants like she usually did.

She was, in fact, wearing a romper.

This was her fist time wearing such an asinine garment, and she thought back over how she put it on. She realized with utmost dismay that she was gonna have to take this thing completely off. She glanced down, and realized that she would need to get through at least fifteen ridiculously small buttons before she would be able to pee.

She turned sharply away from the toilet, so it would hopefully stop taunting her with the promise of relief that was still so far from her grasp. She turned a bit too sharply and nearly fell over once again, losing an enormous hiss of pee in the process. Frustrated, she kicked off the obnoxious murder shoes and set to work with the buttons.

A few minutes later, she’d only managed to get through a couple of them, the result of her hands repeatedly needing to plunge back between her thighs as dribbles and drips continually assailed her clothing. When her hands weren’t doing all the work of holding back her tide, they were trembling like they did whenever she was nervous about a big game. It was not easy to work a button when your hand was spasming like crazy.

Multiple times, Lydia thought about just ripping the romper from her body with brute force. She definitely had the strength to accomplish the task, but she didn’t have the strength to either beg Pauline to swipe her something new to wear from around the apartment, or return to the dinner party naked. And she certainly didn’t have the strength to endure Mother’s wrath after the discovery of the ruined romper.

At last, she’d gotten enough of the buttons apart that she could manage to push the annoying garment down her body, allowing it to pool at her ankles before hobbling to the toilet and flinging herself onto the seat.

After such an intense, aggravating and exhausting ordeal, it took a few seconds for everything to register. Her clothing was down. And she was sitting on a toilet.

A quiet, slow trickle was all it was at first, but it only took a matter of seconds for that to build into a thunderous roar of liquid. The intensity defied belief. She felt herself evaporating from the planet, so caught up she was in the intense pleasure. All her mind could comprehend was the bliss of her relief as it blasted into the water. Her body was no longer under her control at all. She tipped her head back, back falling against the lid of the toilet, swimming in a practically half-conscious state of pure, wondrous release. She was barely able to keep her eyes open at all.

This was Heaven. This was perfect, amazing Heaven.

Lydia continued to powerblast the toilet for over a minute and a half, before she started to finally slow down, a handful of dribbles spattering the water below her, and then at last her bladder was spent. She would have liked to savor the moment a bit longer, but they had already been gone for too long and Mother would be upset. As fast as she could, she cleaned herself up, flushed the toilet, put the romper back on and washed her hands.

She left the restroom, her hair slightly frazzled and her body a bit sweaty from the time spent fighting to get her clothes out of the way. “Wow,” Pauline said. “I’ve never heard so much at once!”

Lydia looked down, “Um, yeah. Maybe don’t say anything about that at the table?”

*001*2022-02-05 18:15

Just to make a few details make more sense for you if you haven't also read STP

, Avery is a trans guy. So, when he says he doesn't miss long lines for women's restrooms, that's what he's referring to.

***

Lydia was really looking forward to getting to the art museum – specifically the restroom at the art museum. She wouldn’t call herself desperate just yet, but she was certainly feeling the consequences of all the Gatorade she’d chugged since the last time she relieved her bladder.

‘I’ll get to go soon,’ she silently told herself. Sure, for now Lydia was stuck sitting on a dirty seat in a subway car, but pretty soon she’d be sitting on a toilet instead. She shifted a little in her seat and started swinging her legs to distract her body from the pressure in her abdomen. To distract her mind, she stared out the window at whatever there was to see. They were underground though, so there wasn’t all that much to look at.

Beside her, Avery was also eager to get to the museum and release his bladder. Unlike Lydia, he would definitely call himself desperate. He’d call himself bursting. He’d call himself about to explode. He could recall very few times where he’d needed to go quite this badly before. He hadn’t gone since early that morning. His and Lydia’s school had a very strict policy against using the restroom during class periods. And, since it was a testing day, he’d ended up spending each passing period getting the stuff he needed from his locker.

At lunch, he thought for sure that he’d finally get the pee break he was starting to think he’d actually kill for, but nope. Instead, he spent the entire hour helping his chemistry teacher set something up for an experiment, finding himself unable to say no after he’d been asked. And, after lunch, it was back to more of the same. By the time school was over, he thought he’d die if he didn’t find somewhere to release his poor bladder. He could scarcely believe it was possible for it to get that full.

But, then, the restrooms were all full and had long lines, plenty of other boys eager to release what they’d been unable to while class was in session. And, he’d promised he’d go to the museum with Lydia and didn’t want her to think she’d ditched him. So, against his better judgement, he went to the front of the school and waited for her.

Then, as they boarded the subway, he tried to act like everything was normal, perfectly fine, and not about to explode. He didn’t think he was doing such a great job of that, though. He was shifting around in his seat, his legs crossed, his hands yanking on his bangs. It was obvious that he was very uncomfortable.

But, Lydia hadn’t seemed to notice. Or, at least, she hadn’t said anything to indicate that she had.

When their stop arrived, Avery had to fight to stand back up, had to fight to walk beside Lydia without doubling over and flooding his pants, had to fight to get up the stairs as teeny little leaks began to trickle out of his body.

Luckily, the museum Lydia was wanting to visit was directly across from the station’s exit. As they headed in, Avery started to speak; “Lydia, before we do anything else, I gotta—“

“I have to use the restroom,” Lydia informed. “Do you mind waiting for me?”

“N—Not at all,” Avery said. “I have to go, too.”

When they approached the restrooms, Lydia groaned and squeezed her thighs together at the sight; A huge line was sprawling out of the women’s room and partway down the hall. “Ugh… Come on!” she whined.

“Oh, yeah,” Avery said, eyeing the line. He’d had many miserable experiences in women’s room lines before he’d transitioned. “I certainly don’t miss that…”

“Rub it in, why don’t you?”

“Sorry… I didn’t mean it that way,” Avery said, bouncing on his heels as his pupils kept darting in the direction of the men’s room. “I will be back in a minute, I’m about to explode!” was what he wanted to say, but instead the words “I won’t go until after you have, if it makes you feel any better,” came out instead. Once they were out, he couldn’t believe he’d said them. What an awful idea, he was already spurting into his pants, why would he offer to hold it even longer when he didn’t have t—

“That’s… Very generous, Avery. But, you don’t have to do that.” Lydia said, shimmying her legs.

“No, I will,” Avery insisted, wincing at her obvious discomfort. “I can wait, I don’t have to go that bad.”

Lydia looked at his shimmying hips and dancing feet, and seriously doubted that. “If you really want to, I guess…”

Avery hobbled over to wait against the opposite wall… And tried very, very hard not to look at the constant flow of people going in and out of the men’s room, tried not to hear the flushing toilets and gushing faucets that were audible from within. His bladder was utterly confused why he wasn’t dashing in there and allowing it to release. He checked his watch and realized with some horror that it had been ten hours since his last pee. Sure, he hadn’t had very much to drink in that time, but this couldn’t have been good… He allowed himself another glance at the men’s room… But then he looked at Lydia, told himself it would be mean to go while she kept holding it, and told himself to wait.

Lydia, meanwhile, was jogging in place as she stood in the back of the slow moving line.

It wasn’t that she didn’t have plenty of experience with holding it. Being one of the only two girls on her school’s hockey team had led to a few incidents of desperation in the past; Her school was ancient, certain areas constructed long before there was any sort of equality between men and women; Before women were even permitted onto any of the school’s teams. So, the rink where hockey practice was held still only had a men’s restroom near it. She and the other girl had to change in the coach’s office, and would have to walk a long way to get to a women’s room. Since they weren’t supposed to ‘waste time’ during practice, it usually meant that they didn’t have a chance to pee at all until it was over. Lydia couldn’t count the number of times she’d been badly ‘off her game’ because she’d been much more focused on not peeing in her clothes than she’d been on her performance.

She thought that, with as high as the tuition for her fancy private school was, they could put some of that money towards putting in another women’s restroom. But, apparently that just wasn’t as important to the administration as putting up gaudy decor that screamed ‘Look at how rich we are!’ was.

She and the other girl had requested a few times for an exception to be made, for them to be allowed to use the men’s room during practice so they could actually go. A couple of the nicer boys on the team had even chipped in and said that they didn’t care, that they’d just leave for a few minutes and let the girls go. But the teachers and faculty had still refused. So, Lydia always tried to remember to pee before going to practice, but sometimes she forgot, or the line was too long and she didn’t get a chance, and so she’d really, really have to go through the whole thing.

And, her parents’ activities had ended up forcing Lydia to restrain her bladder for long stretches of time, too. Her Mother hosted elaborate parties, during which Lydia was only supposed to exit her room to greet guests— Mother hated people being reminded that she was old enough to have a daughter Lydia’s age. She especially didn’t like people knowing that her daughter abhorred dressing in designer wear, and was more interested in architecture, art and sports than in the latest fashion trends. So, Lydia was generally kept ‘out of sight’ from Mother’s high society friends.

Lydia didn’t really mind not being permitted to socialize too much with Mother’s friends, she hardly ever understood what they were even talking about— Lydia couldn’t tell you the difference between ‘Burberry’ and ‘Prada’ if someone put a gun to her head. But, Mother’s parties could last for hours and hours, and Lydia’s bladder would ache long before she was told she could leave her room. So many times, she’d wished her bedroom had an en-suite bathroom, but it didn’t. So many times, she’d sit in her bed, cupping herself tight and feeling her hands grow damp and warm as she fantasized about being told she could come out, tearing across the hall to the restroom, yanking her pants down and dropping onto the toilet seat before losing herself to the relief.

Once, she hadn’t been able to make it long enough. The leaky dribbles that had been wetting her hands became intense streams, and she couldn’t hold it any more. She only barely managed to save herself from an accident with her quick thinking; She dumped all the papers from her trash can, tore her pants down and hovered over it just as her bladder completely collapsed in on itself and an absolute geyser of pee erupted from her overworked urethra. She’d tried to slow it down to make less noise, but she couldn’t. She’d only barely managed to keep herself from moaning. It took over a minute for her bladder to empty all the way.

That was when she ran into a new problem; She now had a trash can full of pee. She spent the next several hours panicking and trying to come up with what to do about it. Fate smiled on her though, because when Mother informed her she could come back out, it was right before she went to bed. Lydia was able to quietly sneak to the restroom and empty the contents of the trash can into the toilet before thoroughly cleaning it with wipes to try and neutralize the odor. Unfortunately, having a container of pee sitting out in her room for so long had left a bit of a smell, especially since the door and windows had been all shut. She slept with her window open that night, which helped air it out most of the way.

Lydia preferred spending time with her Dad— Even if he was seldom around— but sometimes spending time with him meant holding her pee as well. He was a talkshow host, and usually the occasions Lydia spent the most time with him were when the family was being photographed for a magazine. Preparing for that always involved spending a very, very long time in a chair, having her hair styled and make-up applied to her face. (Most of which seemed to make Lydia sneeze.)

She’d be in that chair for hours, and eventually the stylist would be scolding her to keep still because her bladder had filled itself to the absolute brim. Sometimes, she admitted that she just really needed a toilet break, but wouldn’t be allowed to get up for that. “It will be just a few more minutes,” the stylist always assured. But, it never was.

The most tortuous part of these events was that there was almost always a restroom visible from where she was forced to sit. So, Lydia was stuck trying to hold herself still as her bladder begged for relief, and she stared at a door denoting a restroom just a few feet away. The instant the stylist was finally through with her, she’d shoot to her feet and bolt for that door like the place was on fire. Many times, she’d be peeing before she’d managed to sit down all the way.

So, Lydia was no stranger to desperation, but somehow this felt worse. She thought that it was just the knowledge that others— Many of whom were probably nowhere near as needy as she was— were currently relieving themselves right ahead of her. It was making her urgency feel more intense.

The line was moving so horrendously slow, too. She looked over at Avery, and noticed his legs were coiled over each other as he bobbed in place, with his fists clenched at his sides. She couldn’t understand why he was doing this to himself, why he thought there was a point in both of them suffering. But, there were more women in line behind her now, and she was not about to leave her place to go try and talk him out of this again.

When she finally got into the restroom, she actually managed to feel worse. There were seven people left in front of her. The one at the front in an obvious state of absolute desperation, bobbing up and down and cupping herself.

Worse than that was the fact there were only two freaking stalls in the room. And even worse than that was the unsolicited aural exhibition that was reverberating from those stalls. The noises of those lucky women getting their much needed relief, the powerful hiss of long-held liquid spraying into the toilet water below. Lydia would give anything to be in one of their positions right now. She whimpered as several seconds passed and the women in both stalls were still gushing and gushing along.

Finally, one of the toilets flushed and one of the women exited her stall. The woman at the front of the line bolted past her. She loudly tore the stall’s lock shut and Lydia was unable to ignore it as she watched that woman’s feet move closer to the toilet. Lydia was also unable to stop the almost immediate sound of the other woman’s stream pounding the water of the bowl from penetrating her unwilling eardrums, nor could she block out the moan of relief that fell from the woman’s lips alongside it.

Lydia coiled her legs tighter around each other, pressing even harder with her hands. She felt a stream sliding down one of her legs, dampening her light blue sweatpants. The second stall opened, and another woman entered it. More hissing and spattering filled the air a half second later. More women getting relief, as Lydia jiggled and writhed and waited. She wanted to ask the people ahead of her to please, please let her cut because she was having an emergency. But, they looked just as close to exploding as Lydia felt, she didn’t think they’d let her.

A stall opened. The third woman took it. More gushing, more sighing, more waiting for Lydia. As the fourth dashed into a newly vacant stall, Lydia wished she could press her hands against her ears to block out the sounds, but if she stopped cupping herself she’d pee her pants for sure. Another stall opened. Another woman achieved relief. Lydia tried to steady herself. Only two more people ahead of her. She could make it. She was constantly dribbling little drops, but she could make it. As those final two girls took their turns, Lydia twisted and jiggled and writhed like she was covered in fleas.

Finally, one of the stalls opened and Lydia could run to it as fast as her legs would let her. The shock of the sudden movement caused her to start leaking again. Her hands were shaking as she locked herself in, and shook more while she tugged her pants down and allowed herself to fall onto the seat of the toilet.

Then, she really did explode. But, thank goodness she was in the right place for that to happen. Her bladder continued to angrily pulse even as it drained away its contents. She couldn’t control her mouth well enough to keep from making sounds that told all who heard exactly how much better she was feeling. But, that was fine. They could already hear her stream spraying out of her like a compressed water-balloon, forcefully spraying the water below with the power of a torrential rainstorm. After she’d been peeing away for long enough to regain more of her ability to think, she wondered if Avery had let himself go yet. She hoped he had.

He hadn’t, though. He was still standing, pressed against the wall with his eyes squeezed shut and his legs pressed firmly together, almost completely doubled over on himself. He’d had a few more leaks, could feel dampness in his boxers now, knew there wasn’t much time left. He hoped Lydia would come out soon, so he wouldn’t feel guilty about peeing. He hoped Lydia had made it, because if she didn’t, he knew he’d give up too, wet himself to make her feel better.

His entire world had narrowed to a tiny pinpoint of pain. His bladder was now the only thing that existed to him. The only thing his mind could comprehend was sending order after order down to his straining sphincters to continue restraining his flood. But, those muscles did not want to listen, small, drippy streams were going down his legs even as he did everything he could think of to keep them from falling.

“Avery…” Lydia said. “I told you you didn’t have to do this, you’re being silly!”

Avery cracked his eyes open. Lydia had returned from the restroom, and she did not appear to have wet herself. He stomped his feet, “I thought it would be rude,” he explained around the pulsing, pounding weight of liquid in his core.

“And I told you it was fine, you idiot!” Lydia laughed. “Now, hurry up and go before you have an accident!”

Avery forced himself off of the wall, and took a series of contorted steps into the men’s room. He saw immediately the two stalls were taken, but was overcome with relief when he saw the six urinals were the sort that went down to the floor— He often had trouble using his stand-to-pee prosthetic with urinals that were too high up. He was a bit on the short side, and it wasn’t like he could aim his prosthetic ‘up’ and not make a mess. His prosthetic was an amazing thing, but it still couldn’t defy the laws of gravity. Avery hurried for one of the urinals, ripped down his zipper, and got his prosthetic out with barely enough time to ensure it was correctly positioned before his bladder completely gave out.

Pee gushed down the shaft and out of the tip of his prosthetic, trickling into the urinal as he finally emptied his bladder for the first time in nearly eleven hours. He took a series of deep, stabilizing breaths. He’d never held it this long before, and dear God did it feel good to let go! He clenched ever so slightly to avoid overflowing his prosthetic, but even having to exert that small bit of restraint did nothing to tamper down the relief he felt.

He just kept going and going and going, shivers running up and down his spine as he panted and let his jaw go slack. When he was emptied and had shook out the last few drops, he stood in a daze for a moment before zipping back up. Phew… Much better!

Upon returning to Lydia, she again reiterated to him that he was an idiot. “I did not ask you to do that,” she emphasized. “In fact, I believe I told you multiple times NOT to.”

“I didn’t want to be rude,” Avery said once more.

Lydia sighed, “It’s not rude to use the restroom when you’re about to pee your pants.”

“It’s not like I had an accident,” Avery said.

“Yeah, but you came really close to it,” Lydia said. “Look, I know you want to prove you’re a good friend and all, but you’ve already done that enough times by now! I don’t need you to risk a bladder infection to prove that to me anymore, you already have!”

“… I… Guess that was a little silly,” Avery admitted.

“It really was,” Lydia stressed. “You don’t need to hurt yourself out of ‘solidarity’, or whatever it was you thought you were doing there. Come on, let’s go see some art.”

“Eheh, yeah. Okay.”

*002*2022-02-11 01:34

Lydia’s school was taking all of the students on a two night long field trip to a camping site outside of the city. Lydia had never gone camping before. She’d traveled to lots of places, but no matter where she was, she always stayed in a hotel. She didn’t know the first thing about camping, but she doubted many of her classmates that had grown up in the city did either.

What convinced Lydia to go on the trip was that Avery was going, and being stuck back at school without him while filling out pointless worksheets would be mind-numbing. She was confident she could handle whatever this trip required of her. And, even if turned out she really, really hated it, it would only be for two nights.

Two nights, as it turned out, was much too long for her to manage.

The bus ride to the campsite was very long, and after a while Lydia was crossing her legs and bouncing her knees as she struggled to keep her bladder in check. Beside her, she noticed Avery was doing much of the same thing, growing tense and tugging nervously at the hat he always wore.

The journey continued, Lydia’s bladder filled more and more. It was no longer a few nervous twinges, but a pulsing need. The worst part was that since she’d never been to the campsite before, she had no idea when she’d have the opportunity to relieve herself.

They did finally arrive though, and Lydia eagerly left the bus. She saw then that the campsite was very rustic. There weren’t any buildings. She couldn’t remember ever being somewhere that she couldn’t see a building anywhere. It was… very open. And that kind of freaked her out. She wasn’t used to emptiness, or quiet. There was always a little bit of noise somewhere, but here the only sound was the gentle rustling of leaves in the wind.

Most alarming though was that, since there weren’t any buildings, Lydia didn’t spot anywhere she could go to let her bladder relax.

There was more noise once her classmates began to pile off the bus, and one of the teachers, Mr. Jackson said that they were going to begin hiking to the campsite.

So, this wasn’t the campsite, then. Lydia realized. The toilet she needed must have been there. Hopefully the walk wasn’t too long. She was never one to turn down a chance to exercise, but her bladder muscles were ones she didn’t want to give a thorough work-out to today.

Before they started to move, however, a boy raised his hand in the air. “Yes?” Mr. Jackson asked.

“I… Um… I need to use the bathroom,” he said shyly. “Is there someplace…?”

A few others, including Avery, chimed in that they had to go as well, bemoaning the long ride.

Mr. Jackson said that this was no problem, and then instructed the girls to go off to one side and the guys to go off to the other. “If you need to use the bathroom, find a spot behind the bushes. The rest of you stay here with me.”

“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Lydia heard one girl say. “We have to piss in the bushes?” Despite her complaining, however, she reluctantly headed that way.

And then Lydia just stood there, shifting her weight back and forth as she watched her classmates wander off. They were… going outside? But… How? How did that work? Wouldn’t it just go all over her feet?

She had already resigned herself to holding it until they got to the actual campsite, but knowing that people around her were able to go NOW was making her need grow worse by the second.

Avery came back, and Lydia noted with some dismay how much more relaxed he looked now compared to how he’d been when they were on the bus. “Wow, I thought I was gonna explode,” he said. “You don’t have to go?”

“I’m… Fine,” Lydia insisted, since she didn’t really have the option of NOT being fine right now. She tried not to feel to jealous of Avery and his newly acquired ability to pee standing up. Surely that made the whole relieving-himself-outdoors thing a little easier… At least, she figured, he could probably relate to her now a little better than most guys could. Before he’d had an STP, he likely would have been stuck holding it just like she was now.

She was then struck by an idea and started to open her mouth. She clamped it back shut again less than a second later when it registered to her that her idea was absolutely awful in every way imaginable.

Once everyone had returned, they began the hike. As everyone walked through the trails, Lydia’s need grew worse and worse. She squatted down at one point to re-tie her shoe, but really she was squeezing her thighs together as tight as she could to avoid an accident. She allowed most of the others to pass her so that by the time she stood back up, she was at the end of the line. She felt more comfortable in the back with less people around. Her bladder felt so huge and compressed by the waistband of her pants, it was more than full and demanding relief.

“Are you okay, Lydia?” Avery asked.

“Huh?” Lydia asked, she had been lost in a daze of concern about the decreasing likelihood of making it to camp with dry pants.

“Are you okay?” Avery repeated. Then he inched a little closer and leaned it to whisper. “Are you sure you didn’t need to pee?”

Lydia then realized that she’d been walking for quite a while with a hand pressed firmly between her legs, fingers struggling to press into her urethra. “N—No,” Lydia blurted softly, releasing her hold on herself and trying to act normal.

“Just ask Mr. Jackson to let us stop for a while so you can go.”

“No, I’m okay,” Lydia insisted. They carried on walking, Lydia desperately fighting not to cup herself again. She forced her hands to stay at her sides, but the need to pee continually worsened. Suddenly, she stepped wrong over a branch and slipped a little. She kept her balance and didn’t fall, but as she lost her footing she felt a sudden jet of warmth flood out between her thighs. Her hands instantly flew to her crotch and jammed themselves there. She stopped the flow, but she just had to go so much!

“Are you okay?” Avery asked.

“Yes, I’m not hurt.”

Avery glanced down to the hands pressed firmly between Lydia’s legs. “Would you feel better if I said I had to go, too?” He kind of did anyway, holding for so long on the bus had really worn his poor bladder out.

Lydia forced her hands back to her sides once more and resumed walking. “No. Really. I’m fine. I promise.”

They carried on walking, and suddenly Mr. Jackson stopped in a large clearing and announced that they’d made it to the campsite.

Lydia glanced around, eagerly looking for the building that she knew would house the restroom she needed… But, there wasn’t one. All she could see still were trees and bushes and grass… “Th—This is it?” she asked nervously.

“Yep,” Mr. Jackson said. He then went on to explain how to set up tents and how to make sure the ground beneath was good, and Lydia just kept bouncing in place. What was she supposed to do now? She couldn’t possibly hold it in until the trip was over! She was barely keeping it in now!

Once Mr. Jackson finished talking, and the students that had been carrying the supplies had set them all down on the ground, Avery picked up some of the stuff and looked at Lydia. “We can share a tent if you want,” he said. “I’ve done this before, and I have a feeling you haven’t, so just let me handle it while you go… Uh… ‘Go’.”

“Avery,” Lydia said, all the urgency and worry she’d been fighting to keep out of her mouth all this time was pouring forth now. “I… I really need a bathroom…”

“I know,” Avery shrugged. “You can go now, nobody’s gonna be waiting on y—“

“No,” Lydia interrupted. “I mean I need a BATHROOM.”

Avery stared at her for a few seconds, trying to figure out what her problem was. “Oh… You… Didn’t think there was gonna be plumbing out here, did you?”

Lydia HAD thought that. “I… I thought there’d at least be, like, an outhouse somewhere.” She was starting to panic. She needed a toilet so bad that the whites of her eyes were probably turning yellow, and apparently there wasn’t a single one for miles. She had no idea what to do. Even if Mr. Jackson gave her permission to go find somewhere suitable, the pee was already practically coming out of her and there was no way she’d keep it in long enough to get to a toilet now. Her hands went back to pressing themselves against her groin, and she felt the fabric beneath her palms growing alarmingly wet. “Why would they bring us somewhere without toilets?”

“They said on the forms and stuff that this was for us to experience ‘the full outdoors’,” Avery said. “Finding our own food and water, and…You… You just go pee behind a bush. Everyone else did it earlier, and I promise it’s not as gross as you think it—“

“I don’t know how!” Lydia blurted out, feeling horribly ashamed. Surely this was the kind of thing a person was supposed to just… Know, right? Humans existed for a long time before toilets did, after all. So this should have just been instinctive. And, like Avery had said, everyone else had managed it! But, she couldn’t visualize a way to let it go outdoors that she didn’t think would end in a wet, disgusting disaster.

Avery kept looking at her. That… Kind of made sense, he decided. She’d spent her whole life in an enormous city where she’d never been so far from a working toilet that a bush was going to have to act as a substitute. Not like him, growing up way out in the middle of nowhere and sometimes having to deal with a full bladder while being a two hour walk from the nearest toilet. That had never been particularly pleasant, he didn’t like how he ended up having to look at and sometimes touch that area of his body while he got ready to go— Thank goodness for his prosthe—

“Oh, maybe I can—“ Avery forced his mouth closed as a furious blush went across his face. Wow. Bad idea. Terrible idea. Worst idea in the history of ideas. He couldn’t even believe he’d seriously just thought of it. He and Lydia may have been the best of friends, and they may have shared a LOT of things, but THAT was not going to be one of them. “Nuh—Never mind! Forget I said anything! I— What I meant to say is,” he tugged at his bangs anxiously and lowered his voice. “If… If you don’t know how to go outside, I can teach you. I promise it’s not that hard.”

“Easy for you to say,” Lydia said. She didn’t mean to snap at him, but sometimes when she got frustrated enough it was hard to control herself. And needing to pee so badly she’d sell her soul for a toilet was certainly frustrating. “All YOU have to do is unzip your pants.”

“But, that’s not how it USED to be,” Avery said. “When I was growing up, there were lots of times I had to go outside, and I didn’t have an STP then. And, it was… uncomfortable for me, but I’d get it over with and then I wouldn’t have to worry about it anymore. I promise, I can teach you how to do this.”

Lydia chewed on her lip as she continued bouncing. She imagined herself trying to empty her bladder into the dirt, only to soak her legs and feet and all of her clothes in the process. She imagined having to return back to her classmates covered in pee… But, if she didn’t at least TRY to do what she needed to do, they were likely to see her in wet pants anyway.

Because by now, saying she NEEDED this was a bit of understatement. There was what felt like oceans of liquid all pushing firmly into one tiny ring of muscle and none of her toe-tapping, thigh-clenching or crotch-grabbing was helping her at all anymore. “O—Okay,” she said.

She and Avery went deeper behind a few bushes and trees. “Okay,” Avery said. “I think the easiest way for you to do this is like this…” He leaned against one of the trees, pressing his back firmly into it. He bent his knees and positioned his feet out, like he was sitting in an invisible chair. The position put a bit of pressure onto his lower body and reminded him that his own bladder still needed tending to. “It’s like that wall-sit thing they make us do in gym class, and I KNOW you’re good at that, so I KNOW you can do this.”

Lydia WAS good at that exercise. But, the thing was, all the times she’d done it, she hadn’t been relieving herself of gallons and gallons of long held pee. She remembered that on several occasions where she’d just barely made it to the toilet in time, she started to get… tingly and limp. Her body just relaxed so much at the decrease in pressure that she slumped back hard against the tank of the toilet, like she was made entirely of liquid and jello. And if that happened when she was trying to keep herself propped up against a tree, then it wouldn’t end well.

Another spurt reheated her underwear as she stared at the tree and took a moment to try and convince herself that this wouldn’t end up as horribly as she thought it would. “What if I fall over?”

“You won’t,” Avery said. “You’re, like, the best athlete I’ve ever met. I know you can do THIS.”

“But…” Lydia said. “I…”

“Um…” Avery yanked at the brim of his hat. “Okay… Um… Aw, jeez… I can hold onto one of your hands. Will that make you feel more steady”

Lydia worried at her lip while her hands continually kneaded themselves between her legs. “Okay,” she said.

Avery hadn’t expected her to agree to that and he felt heat flood his body. He was going to be holding onto a girl’s hand while she was half naked… For the first time in his life, he was grateful that he hadn’t been born with the correct anatomy, because if he had been, he knew there would be a major risk of that getting even MORE awkward than it was already going to be. “I won’t look,” he promised. “I’ll be facing the other way, and I’ll keep my eyes closed the whole time too, so don’t worry.”

“O… Okay,” Lydia said. She’d known she could trust Avery not to peek anywhere he shouldn’t, he was the one guy she knew that had always treated her with respect, that had never made any horrid comments about the things he’d like to do to her large chest or ‘accidentally’ run a hand against her body in the crowded hallways. Still, hearing him promise and reassure her that he would not treat this as an opportunity to get a view of her body made her feel immensely better.

But, she needed to make herself feel immensely better in another way right now, and the wicked pangs from her bladder began to somehow grow even more in intensity now that she felt more confident that she could answer their pleas. Taking a deep breath— which only managed to tighten the bands of pressure in her abdomen rather than relax her nerves any further— she waited for Avery to turn around. Then, she backed against a tree that was wider than her body and tugged her pants down to her knees as she got into the position Avery had demonstrated. She then stuck out her hand. “Al—Alright, I’m ready…”

Avery reached his hand behind himself and felt Lydia clasp it. Sweat was traveling down his neck and he knew he must have been blushing like crazy. Amazing that this was affecting him so much even when he wasn’t looking! Even though he was already facing the opposite way, he squeezed his eyes closed just like he’d promised Lydia he would.

Lydia tried to relax and let the burden flow forth, but nothing happened, her body refused to ease its tension and allow for the release it so sorely wanted. Instead, her body was actively fighting against its own best interest, shouting at her that she needed to pee RIGHT NOW while actively denying her the ability.

She could recall only one previous experience in which she’d been unable to relax enough to pee. Her Dad’s talkshow was doing this Christmas special thing showing off the holiday traditions his family allegedly partook in. All of it was completely fake, of course, they were NEVER as happy together as the camera implied. But, partway through the filming, her Dad took a pee break. And neglected to turn his microphone off. The sound of his stream trickling into the bowl and of his relaxed sigh of relief was heard loud and clear, and when he came back out members of his team said they were adding it to the blooper reel.

Well, after that, Lydia had to pee as well, but she kept thinking about the mistake her Dad had made and even though she was pretty sure she had turned her microphone off correctly, she couldn’t stop thinking she’d done it WRONG somehow and was about to broadcast her toilet break to everyone. And, the idea of this stressed her out so much that she couldn’t go. She just sat on the toilet for ten minutes trying to force her bladder to release before ultimately giving up when she was called back out. She’d ended up needing to hold it in until they were done filming everything and she was allowed to remove the microphone from her shirt.

And even if she hadn’t managed to accidentally pee while mic’d up, the end result of the filming was still pretty embarrassing because in every scene that was filmed later on in the day, Lydia was jiggling around and wearing an expression of agony.

Remembering this now made her current need to void her bladder feel somehow worse. “Nnnhh…” she whined, gritting her teeth as her bladder thrashed and throbbed and frustration filled her brain. She wasn’t sure exactly which aspect of her current situation was making it impossible for her to go. Maybe the still-present fear that she’d make a mess. Maybe the fact that she had to maintain a bit of tension to keep herself in the right position. Maybe the unfamiliar feeling of the breeze hitting areas of her body that were always clothed. Maybe the knowledge that her classmates and teacher weren’t too far away. Maybe Avery being right there. Or, maybe, it was just… all of it.

“…Lydia?” Avery asked softly. He’d been intending to stay silent while this all took place, but Lydia’s whimpering and the complete absence of any trickling sounds was making him concerned. “You okay?”

“…I can’t go,” Lydia said.

“…Oh,” Avery said. That should have been obvious since she’d failed to start spraying out a stream in all this time, but it still surprised him. With how obviously desperate Lydia was, he didn’t think she ought to have any trouble getting it out now. “Well… Um… Sometimes when I get scared in a public restroom, I have that happen. And… Uh, what I do is I think about the ocean.” He wasn’t so sure if TALKING to someone while they were having difficulties peeing was going to help, but he tried anyway.

“I— I think about gallons of water all crashing against itself, and loud roaring waves, and—“ Avery shifted a little on his feet, once more remembering that HE still had to go. “And water sloshing onto the beach, or swishing around a dock,” as he continued rambling to Lydia and trying to paint a watery picture with his words, he had to press his thighs together. He sure hoped Lydia managed to go soon, because once she was done with that tree he REALLY had to use it! “Just, all this water.. Nnh, flowing around and trickling, and—“

PSSSSSHHHHH!

A very, very loud spray of liquid began to pummel into the dirt beneath Lydia. Her stream had at last broken free and had very quickly grown to its full force. Her breathing became quick and shallow and she looked down in a panic, certain that she was drenching herself. But, she wasn’t. The puddle growing beneath her was hitting the ground, not her feet, not her pants. Just the ground, like it was supposed to. Fearing it would grow too large, however, she pushed her feet further away from each other to give it more room.

Then, finally, the relief actually settled in. This was not ideal, and it was still pretty uncomfortable, but she was releasing hours worth of urine from her exhausted bladder. Of course it felt good. She clenched her teeth hard, trying her best not to make a sound when someone was RIGHT THERE to hear it, but she couldn’t stop the moan from breaking free. “Ahhhhh….”

Avery’s back had stiffened and his grip on Lydia’s hand had tightened. Hopefully, she thought he was just trying extra hard to keep her steady because he was a good, caring friend. Because, the reality was he was going tense as the sound of her pee hissing and splattering into the dirt was having a profound and painful effect on his own bladder. ‘Ohhh, hurry up, please?’ he thought.

For another thirty seconds, Lydia repeatedly took deep breaths through her mouth while her downpour ran its course, and it took another moment after the flow turned to dripping for her breathing to return to normal. But, even with the agony over, she remained as she was.

After it had been quiet for a bit, Avery spoke up. “Uh—Um… Lydia, are you done?” he asked, voice cracking as he tried and failed to keep the urgency out of it.

“…Yeah, but… How do I… What… There’s no toilet paper,” Lydia said.

“Um… I always kinda just… Shook…” Avery said.

Lydia did this, but still didn’t feel as clean as she would have preferred. She pulled her pants up and zipped them, taking several big steps away from Avery as the embarrassment started to set in. He may have kept his word about not looking, but it wasn’t as though he could have stopped himself from hearing all of that gush out of her… She looked down, “Oh, I’ve seen people on TV using leaves instead of toilet pape—“

“Lydia, no!” Avery interrupted. “That’s poison ivy!”

Lydia felt even more embarrassed then. “Sorry, I’m really bad at this, aren’t I?”

“You’ve never BEEN anywhere like this before,” Avery said. “It’s fine that you can’t recognize different plants, or need help learning how to pee outside, you’ve just never HAD to know those things until now.”

“Sorry, you had to listen to me… Do that…” Lydia said, ashamed.

“It’s not a big deal,” Avery promised.

“It’s embarrassing,” Lydia said miserably. “To have a guy listen to me pee!”

“Um…” Avery looked away. “I… Really, really have to go now too, actually. You can keep watch for me, and then we’ll be even on hearing each other pee. So, then it won’t be a big deal at all, right?”

“Okay,” Lydia said.

*003*2022-11-14 20:44

Written for the Omovember prompt "While On The Phone".

***

‘She’s just trying to scare you,’ Lydia told herself as she stared at the closed and locked door to her apartment. ‘She won’t really make you stay out here all night.’ She waited for the door to fly back open, and for her Mother’s scowling face to reappear.

It didn’t.

Minutes passed, and it still didn’t.

Half an hour…

The door was still shut.

Lydia really was locked out for the remainder of the night. Her Mother had been serious.

Lydia’s groan turned into a shudder as the chilliness of the night air hit her. Truth be told, she was far more worried about Pauline, now left alone in there with their Mother, than she was concerned with herself.

It… It was abuse, wasn’t it? Lydia and Pauline may have never gotten beaten, or so much as slapped, and their basic needs were always met. They even had tons of nice, expensive things that their Dad brought home for them as gifts. They were never left wanting for anything. Their family was rich, they were fortunate, lucky…

But… The things their Mother SAID to them, blaming them for ruining her body and ending her modeling career, accusing them of various crimes without reason, screaming at them until their ears hurt… THAT had to be abuse, right? Even if there weren’t any bruises, even if they didn’t get starved, what their Mother did to them couldn’t have been normal…

And this thing tonight— Mother had never done anything like this before. She’d never locked Lydia out of the apartment and told her to “Get in the gutter where you belong” before. Well, okay, so she’d SAID the thing about the gutter plenty of times before tonight, she’d just never ACTED upon it.

Lydia ran through the events leading up to her banishment over and over, trying to find a way she could have prevented it. The argument began when Mother accused Lydia of knocking over a vase. The vase had been knocked over five years ago, and it was an event Mother liked to bring up time and time again. Lydia hadn’t responded at first, even as Mother went on and on about how careless and disrespectful she was. Lydia hadn’t knocked over the vase, and even if she had, it had still been half a decade since it had happened and the piece that chipped off of it had been repaired long ago.

But, not replying hadn’t been the correct choice, Mother started getting louder “I know you can hear me when I speak to you, Lydia. Can you at least show me that you’re capable of listening?”

Lydia just nodded.

“There we go, was that so hard?” Mother asked, and then she just kept going on and on and on about the stupid vase. One thing about Mother that Lydia would never be able to understand was the fact the woman seemed to have some sort of supernatural power. She could yell and shout an badger for so long and with such vehemence, that something inside Lydia’s head would start to twist and go haywire.

Suddenly, the reality Lydia knew to be true would be thrown into doubt, and she’d start wondering if maybe she really HAD committed the crime Mother was accusing her of— Even when she had no memory of having done it, and even when she COULD recall what had really happened. There would just be so much conviction in Mother’s tone, so much certainty that Lydia really was an evil mastermind hellbent on destroying Mother’s prized possessions and reputation by any means necessary, that Lydia would begin to believe it too.

Maybe she HAD broken that vase all those years ago, and she’d just blocked it out. Maybe the memory she had of the vase being knocked over by a member of her Father’s film crew was false, something that had just happened in a dream Lydia’s brain had cooked up to assuage her feelings of guilt. Maybe she WAS guilty, and just didn’t want to accept it.

So, in the end, Lydia ended up apologizing for the years’ old incident.

But, for some reason, that hadn’t been the right answer, either. It was almost as if Mother was disappointed that she’d gotten Lydia to accept blame for something she was still pretty sure she hadn’t actually done. Like she didn’t want the one-sided discussion to end so soon. Mother folded her arms. “So, what are you gonna do about it?”

“I… I don’t know,” Lydia admitted. She couldn’t offer to fix the vase, since it had been repaired immediately after it was broken. She couldn’t offer to buy a replacement, since Mother already had two more that looked almost exactly like it.

“That’s the problem with you, Lydia,” Mother said . “You never know. Your grades are proof enough of that.”

Lydia always barely scraped through Math with a D. It was a sore topic for her. She knew better than to argue that she was passing everything that WASN’T Math. What she excelled in didn’t matter to Mother, only her failures did. “I’m sorry.”

“Stop apologizing,” Mother said. “I don’t need your need apologies.”

Lydia was again confused as to what was actually expected of her. If the point wasn’t for her to apologize, then what was it? Stupidly, she said she was sorry again.

And all Hell broke loose immediately. Mother screamed every vile name she could think of, Lydia cried, and that only made Mother angrier, and then Lydia was shoved outside and locked out, with the promise that she could come back inside in the morning if she’d learned some respect by then.

Lydia still wasn’t sure what she’d been meant to do during all of that.

She slumped down beside the locked door, hoping that the next several hours would pass quickly, and that maybe she’d be able to get at least a little sleep in the meantime.

A pulsing in her bladder told her that sleep would have to wait. In all the commotion, Lydia certainly hadn’t been given a chance to use the toilet before she was forced out the door. And the last time she’d relieved her bladder had been… Before leaving school that afternoon. She definitely had to do it again soon.

 Where could she go, though? It was after dark on a weeknight, if she went to a neighbor’s they’d probably be in bed, asleep. Even if she woke one of them up, what were the odds they’d let her use their toilet after she’d roused them on a work-night?

Besides, she lived in one of the world’s largest cities, there were plenty of public toilets she could access WITHOUT waking anybody up. Waiting around a few more minutes to see if perhaps Mother really WOULD change her mind about this, Lydia left the hallway and started to descend down the staircase to the ground floor.

Now that she was moving around for the first time in a while, her bladder was jolted awake. The nagging throbs she’d felt in front of the door to her apartment became much more insistent and annoying.

She made it to the ground floor and was now on the sidewalk. The first few steps were simple, but then a sense of uneasiness started to settle in her belly.

Lydia walked through the city by herself all of the time, but she’d never been alone after dark. She turned around, certain someone nefarious was following silently behind her. There was no one there, but her racing pulse didn’t calm down.

‘You’re being silly,’ she thought. ‘There’s so many lights from the building and the street-lamps. It’s not like it’s pitch dark.’ Lydia had only been able to look into the night sky and see stars when she was on a trip somewhere else. Even at night, the city was still bright. It shouldn’t have been scary, but it still was.

‘You can also defend yourself if something bad happens,’ Lydia reminded herself. Once, some creep actually snuck onto the grounds of her school and begun taking pictures of some of the girls there. He made the mistake of thinking Lydia would be a good target, and she rewarded him with three punches to the face and a kick to the crotch.

She’d actually gotten into a lot of trouble when her Mother found out about that. It wasn’t that Mother was worried about her getting hurt, but that she didn’t want anyone to find out she had a daughter that could fight. “It doesn’t look good, Lydia,” she’d said. “You don’t want us to have a reputation for being a bunch of brutes, do you?”

Lydia hadn’t understood that. The guy had been harassing her, he’d gotten what he’d deserved. Any person who tried to bother her tonight would get the same treatment.

But, what if she didn’t hear them coming in time? And what if they tried to do more than take creepy photos? Lydia stepped out of the glow of one of the street-lights, then froze. Her bladder throbbed and urged her to keep walking so she could find a toilet, but the chill up her spine as she entered the shadows made it difficult to move.

‘You live in THE nicest neighborhood in the city,’ Lydia tried to reason with herself in a new way. ‘That means there’s probably less crime, right?’ Or maybe, it meant she was MORE likely to run into a mugger if they knew the people around here had fancy stuff and were more likely to have money with them…

Lydia backed up, getting closer to her building again. She felt better once she was beside it once more. But, her bladder certainly didn’t feel any emptier. It kept thrashing, straining hard against the waistband of her jeans. It was enough to make her bounce on her heels.

‘You’re being ridiculous,’ Lydia thought, frustrated. ‘You’re stronger than this. You can take care of yourself. You run around these streets ALL the time when the sun’s out. There’s NO reason you can’t do it now.’

She took some deep steadying breaths, but they did more to shake and compress her bladder than they did to calm her down. She tightened her thighs together against the harsh pressure assailing her from within. It seemed the more anxious she got about being outside after dark, the worse she needed to pee.

‘There’s stores just a couple blocks from here where you can go, just walk there…’ Lydia told her feet to get moving again, and they did, hesitantly and slowly. Her legs shook, first from fear, and then from the discomfort of carrying her bladder. They snapped together after a few more steps when a spasm hit her bladder and her urethra flared with tension. “Mmmf…” she grunted, squeezing her eyes shut and rubbing her hands against her jeans in agitation.

She felt a lump in one of her pockets, and then felt even sillier.

She had her phone, so she didn’t HAVE to walk the streets alone— Not really, anyway. She’d call someone and talk to them until she found a spot to pee. A mugger would be less likely to go after someone that was clearly talking to another person, right? Wouldn’t want to be overheard… And even if something DID happen, whoever she called would HEAR it and they’d be able to call the cops straight away, wouldn’t they?

Except… Shame twisted in her gut as she thought about it. She was supposed to be able to take care of everything on her own, she always had… She didn’t like the idea of calling somebody and admitting to them she needed to hear another person’s voice as she walked to a store for a pee.

Lydia held the phone in her hand, her finger hovering over the screen with indecision. She walked along, making it a bit further this time, but then she heard buzzing and crackling overhead. The street-lamp above her flickered a couple times before shutting off completely.

Lydia froze, heart thudding so hard that it shook her bladder. She told herself to resume walking, there was ANOTHER light just a few feet away, and she’d feel safe again once she was beneath it. Instead of her legs moving, her urine did, a squirt of pee warming her underwear and she crossed her legs hard to keep any more from leaking out.

No. No. She did NOT just do that— Lydia did NOT just pee her pants a little out of fear. That did NOT happen… She wasn’t so weak, she wasn’t feeble, she—

She unlocked her phone and called Avery’s number. ‘Please pick up…’ she thought, certain that if she just heard another person’s voice for a second she’d be okay.

She heard Avery’s voice a second later, but it didn’t make her feel okay at all.

“Hey, I don’t have my phone right now. Please leave a message…”

Lydia sighed and ended the call. Of course, Avery was probably asleep in a warm bed, because Avery’s uncle didn’t kick him out over years old arguments about vases.

She scrolled through her contacts. She definitely couldn’t call her Mother… Maybe her Father? She didn’t even know what time-zone he was in right now, if he’d be asleep, or too busy working, or—

She called him anyway.

“You’ve reached Andy Montoya. I’m not available at the moment. If you have an inquiry about appearing on my show, please call my—“

Lydia groaned and pressed the end call button again. She wasn’t surprised, and she wasn’t really disappointed either. Her Dad was seldom there when she needed him, that was why she was SUPPOSED to be strong enough to handle everything by herself!

With this thought, she pushed ahead until she was underneath a light again. She expected to feel better now that she could see more clearly, but she didn’t. She was just aware of how far she’d gotten from home, and how the alleyways in-between buildings looked so frightening in the dark.

Lydia saw Pauline’s number next. Pauline just had a flip phone, one that could only accept calls from Lydia and was only meant for emergencies. The crashing of liquid against Lydia’s sphincters told her that THIS was certainly an emergency!

Although, Pauline would DEFINITELY be in bed… Unless, with Lydia not there to tuck her in, their Mother had just forgotten that her younger daughter had a bedtime. It would certainly be a little LESS embarrassing to tell Pauline about her problem. Pauline was too young to judge her for anything even if she wanted to.

She called the number. It rang a few times, then played a generic voicemail message.

Lydia sighed, twisting her legs together and jiggling where she stood. This was SO ridiculous! At this rate, she was going to pee her pants when she knew there were toilets available less than twenty minutes away! She shut her eyes and walked forwards, reasoning that if she couldn’t SEE the darkened streets, they wouldn’t SCARE her as badly.

This lasted until she tripped over something, fell sideways and released a short, two-second burst of urine into her pants. Her eyes flew open, and she found herself sprawled on the sidewalk. She scrambled back to her feet, a hand digging itself between her thighs. The impact of falling down had loosened something inside her body, whatever plug usually worked to seal her bladder closed until she found a bathroom had been knocked free from its position and her pee was pushing so hard against her opening that she felt it trembling and threatening to push out right where she was.

Her hand was the ONLY thing keeping it in as the immense, painful spasm made its torturous way through her. ‘O—Okay, maybe don’t walk with your eyes closed… You’re lucky you didn’t go out into the road like that and get hit by a car.’

She just needed to get a grip— On something OTHER than her crotch, which she still couldn’t bring herself to let go of. She was shuddering with the need now, and THAT made her shudder even more with fear. She was sure she looked incredibly vulnerable at the moment, an easy target for a mugger…

She used the hand NOT crammed between her legs to scroll more through her phone. She had the number of Avery’s uncle Brad, but… Did she really want to ask an older man for this kind of help? And, they weren’t related, wouldn’t he be annoyed if she called him in the middle of the night?

He probably wouldn’t pick up, either…

She gave it a try anyway.

Brad answered on the second ring. “Hello?”

Now that Lydia finally had someone on the line, she wasn’t sure what to say. She fell silent, trying to remember how to speak.

“Hello?” Brad repeated. “Anyone there?”

Lydia still couldn’t talk. This was a stupid thing to do. She should have just kept going. She should have been strong enough…

“If no one’s there, I’m going to—“

A sob bubbled in Lydia’s throat and hitched out audibly before she could stop it.

“Oh, gosh… Are you okay? What’s wrong?”

The concern in Brad’s voice made Lydia’s chest twist more. It was something she’d very rarely heard from her own Father, only when he was actually home to see she was upset— So, hardly ever. “I— I—Is this Avery’s uncle…?” she asked, feeling stupid.

“Yes, is this his friend Lydia?”

“Yeah…” Lydia sniffled.

“Are you alright? What’s the matter? Do you need me to come get you?”

And that stunned Lydia, that he’d so willingly leave his apartment when she was sure he was getting ready for bed, and come get her… “N—No, I just— I need to be talking to someone right now.”

“What about? What’s going on?”

Lydia started to walk again, her legs were still trembling and it was difficult to put one foot in front of the other, but now that was PURELY because of her desperation. She no longer felt as terrified.

“I’m… I’m walking alone, and I know it’s stupid, but I’m scared because it’s night…” Lydia confessed. “I have to—“ she cut herself off. She’d been about to say that she needed to pee, but that still felt too embarrassing. “I have to have somebody to talk to…”

“I’ll stay here until you get to wherever you’re going,” Brad said. “Why are you out so late? You have school tomorrow, don’t you?”

Lydia’s clumsy footing managed to draw out another jet of liquid, and she squeezed herself even tighter. Her fingers dug harshly against the material of her jeans, she could feel a damp spot had formed on them already. “I— My—“ She wondered if it would be easier to say her Mom had kicked her out for the night if her Mom was just a regular woman— If her Mom wasn’t Sasha Montoya, the gorgeous former super model and wife of famed talk show star Andy Montoya.

Brad probably saw the airbrushed spreads of Lydia’s family in magazines, the hokey holiday specials her Dad did for his show, the scripted interviews… And thought they were all real. Same as everybody else did. If Lydia ever told the truth about how they got along, she wouldn’t be venting about arguments with her Mother, she’d be airing the dirty laundry of celebrities. Telling just one person could lead to it reaching the tabloids, and then she’d be in so much trouble if it affected their reputation.

She decided she’d fudge some of the details. “It’s— Oh, it’s silly, I’m… Forgetful. My Dad’s off shooting something, my Mom’s out of town for an interview. Pauline’s spending the night with a friend, and the staff all went home for the day… And when I went out earlier to— Um… To check the mail, I forgot my key so I can’t get in my apartment!”

“… So, you’re locked out for the night?” Brad asked, sounding deeply concerned. The same concern Lydia wished she could hear from her Father more often… “I’ll come get you, you’re not spending the night outside. Where are you right now?”

That sounded so nice, but would Mother be angry in the morning if she opened the door and Lydia wasn’t laying on the ground where she’d left her? What if it caused ANOTHER argument and she wound up kicked out for a second night?

“Ummmm… M—Maybe, but— I…” Jeez, walking wasn’t easy right now at all! Lydia felt entirely too weighted down— And she sometimes walked with ankle weights strapped on! Her bladder felt twenty times heavier than those ever did, and it was a challenge to take steps that were wide enough for her to make progress, yet narrow enough that they didn’t draw out any more leaks. “I really, really have to use the bathroom…”

“Good news, I’ve got one of those!” Brad said.

Lydia fought against a laugh that would have surely left her bursting apart at the seams. “Er— I know, but… I have to go really bad, and… I can’t wait until I’m at your apartment,” she admitted. “That’s—- That’s why I called, I’m trying to get somewhere with a bathroom, and I was getting freaked out.”

“Oh… Are you close to somewhere?”

“Al—Almost out of my neighborhood, in about ten minutes” Lydia said. “So, I’ll be near stores soon. I— Ah—!” Lydia gasped as she stumbled over a curb, so focused on the conversation that she hadn’t been looking out for it. She didn’t fall over again, but the jolt to her bladder was catastrophic. She didn’t leak or spurt, she PEED continuously for about five seconds before she regained control over the situation, the hand still clutching her groin growing moist and warm. “Nnnnhhh!”

“Lydia?”

“I— I tripped,” Lydia said. “I’m okay, just…” Fuck, it had actually felt sort of GOOD to wet her pants for those few seconds. Well, maybe not the actual ‘wetting her pants’ part of it, but the actual release of her urine had been such an extreme relief to her tired, exhausted sphincters and she wanted to—She froze and squeezed her whole body tight. Don’t think about it. Don’t move. Don’t—

“It’s… You’re… Having an emergency, aren’t you?” Brad asked.

“Y—Yes,” Lydia said. “I haven’t gone since before I left school today…”

“Uh…” Lydia could hear the awkward hesitation in Brad’s voice. “Okay… Well, if I tell you about something, can you promise you won’t let Avery know I brought this up?”

“Mmf, okay…” Lydia’s breath was coming sharp and fast, like she’d just run herself to exhaustion even though she’d barely crawled along about one block. She shifted back and forth, rocking against the palm straining into her crotch.

“I… I took Avery to see his first Broadway show a bit ago,” Brad said. “Bud had a ton of soda, and when it let out I could tell he was— Well, he was feeling like you are now, I bet. Men’s room was closed for cleaning, so I figured we’d find him a place on the way back, but before we could do that… He… It would have been cruel to make him keep waiting, and it was really late and dark, so I told him ‘Nobody’s gonna see if you go in the alley.’”

A second later, Lydia understood why he was telling her this. But, SHE couldn’t do that. Avery had had Brad PHYSICALLY there beside him to keep him safe, Lydia would be going into a dark alleyway all by herself. Avery had that stand to pee thingy so he wouldn’t have to pull his pants down all the way and crouch, Lydia WOULD have to do that. Avery could actually AIM his stream with the stand to pee thingy, Lydia wouldn’t have as much control over where it went.

The one time Lydia had successfully relieved herself outdoors, she’d needed to hold ONTO Avery so she’d stay in the right position and not just go all over herself. She wouldn’t have someone to grasp onto this time, and she didn’t think there would be anything INSIDE the alleyway she could use as a substitute.

“I can’t do that…” Lydia said. “I’m not good at… At peeing outside. I only did it a couple times on a field trip… And, I don’t wanna go down an alley alone…” she confessed. That final statement dragged a lot of her pride out of her body along with it. She wasn’t supposed to be afraid of things.

“How far are you from a restroom?”

“I don’t know, if I could walk better I could be by the stores in five minutes, but I— I can barely move…” Lydia said, voice tinged with humiliation. This was her own fault. If she hadn’t spent so long waffling around and being scared of nothing, she could have reached a bathroom before her need got so critical!

“You say you’re still in your neighborhood? Could you maybe try and ask someone to—“

“Th—The lights in the apartments I can see are off, I think most people are asleep, and— And there’s no way I can go up stairs right now to get to them, anyway.” Lydia shuddered. This was starting to scare her more than the dark had. She was athletic as Hell, she could run fast, lift very heavy weights, jog up and down stairs without getting tired… How in the world could a simple need for the toilet render her incapable of even just DRAGGING her feet down a sidewalk?!

“I’m really sorry Lydia… Try and go in between some buildings, alright? I think that’s your best option… What street are you on? I’ll come get you now. Try to hold it until I’m there? I’ll keep my phone on while I drive, too.”

Lydia named the street, but she knew the odds of her waiting for Brad to arrive were next to zero. There wasn’t much traffic on the street SHE was on right now, but this was New York City, no way in Hell would Brad NOT get stuck in some kind of jam between his apartment and here.

And even if Lydia somehow lasted long enough for him to get here, then she’d have to get into his car, hold it in until he drove her to a place with a restroom, get out of the car, run in, pull down her pants, sit on the toilet…

There was no way. She was now continuously letting go little drops into her underwear. She could clench and make them come out more slowly, but she couldn’t stop them. Her bladder was out of space, and it was all her fault for standing in the dark and shivering like a scared child for so long.

Her options were now to either run out the clock on her bladder and completely drench herself, or try to pee in the alley. Option one would mean no dark, scary alleyway, no struggling to figure out how to squat without pissing all over herself anyway, and no fear of someone spontaneously appearing and catching her in that position. But, it would mean soaked pants and total humiliation.

Option two would mean no ruined clothes, no smell of urine clinging to her, slightly less embarrassment. But, it would mean going into a place that, despite her best efforts, terrified her.

Her legs shuddered and threatened to give out and drop her into a puddle on the concrete. She could feel the warmth of another long leak in her panties. Her bladder was splitting itself apart, and the pressure was beyond painful.

She was going to try and use the alley, she was going to at least TRY…

She made herself enter the narrow passageway between two buildings, but did not venture very deep into it, she was at the very edge of the sidewalk, the street lights still casting a glow on her position. This made it more likely someone would see if they walked by, but the shadows twisting deeper into the alleyway were much too scary.

Her hand dislodged itself from between her thighs for the first time in ages, and the huge lump of piss in her bladder, straining in an agonizing bump beneath her navel, surged. It cramped and her hands went BACK between her legs, squeezing and grappling and fighting against the ocean inside her. “Nnnnghhh…” she grunted. She had to—She had to get her pants down— Just— As soon as they were down, it would be OVER, but she couldn’t move her hands, and—

She twisted and squirmed, fighting as hard as she could against the monumental humiliation of wetting herself. Even with all her clutching and fidgeting and thrashing, she leaked a thick, steady stream that didn’t even come close to relieving the pressure locked away within her. The next surge of warmth had her squeezing and contorting even more viciously, but it didn’t help her regain control. She could no longer control anything as she writhed and moaned. “Please— Please, just— Let me—“

She was spurting in torrents down her legs, her desperate brain unable to comprehend anything other than the overwhelming relief she’d be able to feel if she could only move her hands and shove her pants down.

She managed to move one hand, she grappled and failed to work the fly on her jeans, her fingers just clutched uselessly onto the zipper. As she kept trying, she leaked in heavier and heavier gushes, urine pouring past the fabric barrier and splashing against the hard concrete at her feet.

Violent spasms shook her obliterated holding muscles, wave after wave pouring out of her, pissing a flood onto the ground. Tears ran down her face, she’d been… If she’d just been able to…. If…

This was all her own fault.

If she’d just walked straight from her apartment to a store without pacing around and feeling scared, she would have made it. If she’d used the alleyway as soon as Brad suggested it instead of letting fear make the decision for her, she would have made it.

It was her fault she’d peed her pants. Hers and hers alone.

She was a weak, sniveling little cry baby that couldn’t take care of herself like she was supposed to.

She pissed and pissed and pissed until the awful weight in her middle had drained away completely. When her bladder was at last flat and empty, her legs gave out and she fell into the enormous puddle she’d created. Not that it mattered. She was already drenched.

She pulled her knees up to her chest and just… Cried. Until she heard a muffled noise from her pocket.

Brad had said he was going to leave his phone on while he drove to get her… He’d probably heard all of that. He’d heard her fighting with her clothes. He’d heard her peeing herself. He’d heard her crying…

She picked up the phone, her breath hitching as she didn’t know what she could say for herself now.

“Lydia,” Brad said. “I’m… I’ll be there in ten minutes, I think. Are you okay?”

“N—No…” Lydia choked out. “I— I—“ her breath shuddered.

“Lydia…”

“I— I tried to— I couldn’t wait anymore, I tried to go in the alley like you said… I couldn’t get my zipper to go down, I—“

“Did you not make it?”

“I didn’t… I— I— All because I was scared— If I hadn’t been scared, I would have—“

“Lydia, it’s okay…” Brad tried to soothe her. “I’ll pick you up, I’ll give you something else to wear… This can be our little secret, I promise.”

Lydia couldn’t stop crying.

“Hey… How about— Um… Here’s another thing I don’t want you telling Avery about,” Brad said. “You know I’m a lawyer, right?”

“Y—Yeah…”

“Well, if I have a big case, I’m really busy… Last month, I had one like that, I was in the courtroom for so long, and since I was talking I kept needing to take sips of water. And this day my throat was super sore, so I was drinking more than usual. And, it’s not like on TV, I can’t just call for a recess whenever I want and then get to leave. So, I had to just hold all that in, and I couldn’t let myself squirm or anything even though I really wanted to, because that would make me look nervous and the other side would have jumped all over that.

“And another thing they don’t really show on TV is, when there IS a recess, it’s not really like a ‘break’. I still have work to do, I have to talk with my client, or there might be something I need to read over again… If there’s no chance to pee between all that, I just don’t get to pee.

“So, I held it for HOURS, and I was DYING. But, I made it until we were finished for the day, and I was SO relieved because I thought I was FINALLY gonna get to use the restroom. But, the toilets were on a different floor, and when I was trying to get up the stairs, I just— My body couldn’t handle all that moving around, before I knew it, I was having an accident right there in the stairwell. Just… Peeing my suit on the first day of a really important trial. I’d never been more embarrassed…”

“Did anyone s—see?” Lydia asked through her tears.

“Yes,” Brad said. “It wasn’t like I had spare pants to change into, so I had to go back downstairs and out the building still wearing the ruined ones. I saw more than one person staring at me, and I knew they could probably guess why I was wet. I was just glad I’d driven the car that day, I wouldn’t have to worry about everyone seeing as I rode the subway. It… These things happen sometimes, to everybody. Try not to beat yourself up over it too much.”

Lydia sniffled hard. “A—Are you almost here?” she asked. Her pants felt cold and clammy now, clinging stickily to her thighs. She wanted to change…

“Nearly,” Brad said. “Avery is probably still asleep back home, but I doubt he’d mind if you change into something of his when we get there.”

*004*2023-11-09 19:53

Written for the Omovember prompt "Assisted Peeing".

***

Lydia could hardly breathe. If she inhaled too deeply, she was sure she’d cause the bomb lodged in her midsection to detonate. She squirmed where she sat, urgently twisting her legs back and forth. She needed to empty her bladder so badly that it was making her eyes burn.

She had no idea how she’d manage to make it all the way home without exploding. She’d already leaked into her pants a few times, she’d already felt uncontainable spurts jetting past her defenses despite all the effort she was putting forth to keep them in.

If she had known that skipping the restroom before leaving the theater would lead to this degree of suffering, she would have just dealt with waiting in the massive line to go. If the subway didn’t speed up, she was going to be sitting in a puddle soon.

Beside her, Avery fidgeted with discomfort as well, he too was eager to get to somewhere with a toilet. They’d gone out to see a play together, and by the end of the show both of them were looking forward to using the bathroom. But, the line for the women’s had been ridiculously long, and Lydia had been certain she could hold it until she got home. Avery figured it would be unfair to pee when she couldn’t, and thought HE could make it home as well.

Both of them were doubting that now.

Nothing unusual had happened to delay the subway, the ride simply FELT a lot longer than usual. Lydia’s bladder was also a bit fuller than she’d initially thought, the pressure smashing against her opening was beyond what she was used to enduring, and her resistance to it was starting to falter. She tried telling herself that, since she worked out so much, that meant the muscles controlling her urethra would be tough to break— But, she couldn’t fool her body, her bladder did not have unlimited space, and now amount of straining would keep it from tipping over once a few too many drops had landed inside it.

The thought of how much longer the ride was going to be, how she’d have to climb the stairs to get OUT of the station, find somewhere with an available bathroom, lock the door, undress, sit down…

She didn’t think she could last through all that. The cold, clammy feeling between her thighs was alarming, and every couple minutes that area heated up again as a new rush of liquid squeezed its way out.

She didn’t even think she could make it to her stop without her dam shattering altogether. Glancing at Avery, his knees bouncing and ankles crossing, knowing that HIS apartment was even farther away than hers, Lydia didn’t think HE’D make it home very dry either.

Lydia knew there was one alternative, it was just one that she really didn’t want to consider. Of course, she could get off at an earlier stop purely to find some relief. She could delay her return home, and hope her Mother didn’t care enough about her lateness to get angry at her for it.

However, no matter WHERE she got off, those stairs were going to be a problem. She was dreading having to walk at ALL with her bladder so painfully bloated and edging towards an eruption. Climbing up a flight of stairs would be more than enough to pop it open and make her go all over herself.

There were a couple of subway stations that had restrooms in them. Lydia had lived in the city her entire life without needing to set foot in them, but she had heard plenty of stories from those who’d been less fortunate. The subway stations generally weren’t known for their cleanliness, that was to be expected when millions of people crowded into them every day, there was only so much anyone could do to keep them tidy.

Public bathrooms also weren’t usually that clean. Put both those things together, and Lydia was sure that any toilets she managed to find down here would be off-putting at best— And even that may be too much to hope for if the stories she’d heard were to be believed. According to the legends, the bathrooms here were basically disaster areas, the sorts of things that would make good horror movie sets.

But, then again, there WAS a chance that the people TELLING those stories were exaggerating and just trying to be funny. That was very possible! Lydia sometimes had trouble figuring out when someone was being completely truthful as opposed to being hyperbolic or sarcastic. Sometimes, if they used certain tones, she’d be able to recognize that whatever they were saying was just a joke. Other times, she just couldn’t tell.

For example, when Avery had once told he and his uncle been stuck in a traffic jam for ‘like, twenty hours’, she’d asked if his neck was sore from having to sleep in a car.

Maybe the tales of horrifying bathroom war-zones were like THAT, a case of Lydia taking a joke too literally. Maybe the toilets at subway stations weren’t so bad after all!

They had to be better than continuing to hold it in, at least. They would DEFINITELY be better than having an accident.

A quick glance up told her that she needed to make a decision soon. The next station they’d be stopping at was one with a restroom. If she wanted to pee, she’d have to get up then.

She really wanted to pee… She wanted to do it so bad that her stomach hurt.

When the next stop arrived, she struggled to stand up. The contents of her bladder sloshed hard against its sensitive walls. Aches tore through her sides and she strained her thighs together. She’d acted too slowly to prevent another few warm droplets from seeping out.

Avery looked up at her. He’d BEEN staring down at his lap, and his endlessly bouncing legs, trying to think of the driest things he could imagine. Unfortunately, instead he’d only been able to think about urinals, toilets, bushes, bottles, walls and anything else he could possibly relieve himself onto. Fantasy after fantasy of finally being allowed to unzip and let go of everything that had been crammed into his bladder.

He should have just gone at the theater, even if it would have felt unfair to Lydia. If Avery had known he’d feel THIS close to an accident before he even got halfway home, he would have gone…

“Wh-What are you doing?” Avery asked. “This isn’t the right—“

“Th—There’s a bathroom at this station,” Lydia explained. “I can’t wait anymore— It looks like you can’t, either.”

Avery blushed intensely, ducking his head. “I— Yeah, I guess I’ll go if you are,” he decided. He also had a little trouble getting up. His feet had gone to sleep thanks to how tightly crossed his ankles had gotten, and he stumbled, shaking the liquid pounding in his abdomen. “Nnnnh…”

They left the train and walked onto the platform, Avery bounced and bounced, swinging his fists at his sides. Lydia gingerly put one hand to her lower abdomen as the other occasionally pressed between her legs. “This way,” Lydia said, hobbling off.

Avery followed, fighting not to let his hands go to his crotch. His body knew that relief was close and it was perhaps getting a little over-excited. The walls of his bladder were already squeezing, holding muscles going loose. He took careful steps, straining his thighs together and not allowing his knees to bend too much. Just a few more minutes, a few more minutes and he’d be at a urinal…

“Wait, hang on, aren’t subway station bathrooms, like, really disgusting?” Avery asked. “I mean, I’ve never USED one, but I’ve heard stuff.”

Lydia, who’d already been moving fairly sluggishly thanks to the unbearable pain stretching within her, slowed down further. Avery was good at figuring out when someone was exaggerating to tell a joke and when they were being totally sincere… That meant the bathroom really MIGHT be horrifying…

“Th—There’s nowhere else,” Lydia said, wishing with all her heart that that WASN’T the case. She just knew she couldn’t handle walking up a bunch of stairs right now, her bladder would tear itself open before she even reached the halfway point, no matter HOW hard she fought against it.

Apparently, Avery didn’t think HE could get up to the surface either, because he didn’t make any suggestions to do so. Instead, he just agreed, “I know… I just hope it’s not as bad as I’m imagining it.”

Lydia hoped so too.

But, unfortunately, it WAS that bad. In fact, it was even WORSE.

First of all, the door for the women’s room wouldn’t open. No matter how hard Lydia pulled on it with the hand not wedged tightly between her legs, it wouldn’t budge. Lydia had some of the strongest arms in her school, she could knock out guys twice her size, do over one hundred push-ups, lift over half her own body-weight… If SHE couldn’t force the thing open, it was locked up tight.

And they hadn’t even had the courtesy to stick an ‘out of order’ sign on it.

The men’s room DID open, at least. Lydia figured that no one would care if she used it, since the women’s was closed and it was a severe emergency. Avery didn’t mind, anyway, didn’t say a word when she followed him in.

As Avery stumbled to the urinal and started to work his zipper, Lydia limped her way into the stall she’d be able to use.

Only to find that she actually COULDN’T use it.

The toilet was severely clogged. It was overflowing with paper and other things Lydia didn’t want to acknowledge. Water had spilled over onto the floor and she couldn’t even fully ENTER the stall without stepping in grime.

No way was she going to SIT on that toilet. She didn’t even want to hover, since that would require her to wade into the dirty liquid surrounding it. And, even if she did, USING it would make an already nauseating situation even worse.

She turned around and left the stall, still bursting at the seams and now trying very hard to erase that sight from her memory.

Avery paused, his zipper only partway down. “What’s wrong? Is it bad?”

“I—It’s— I can’t use it,” Lydia said. “It’s overflowing, there’s gross water all over the floor, I can’t…”

Avery grimaced. So the stories WERE true, then.

He could still relieve himself anyway. He could use the urinal. With the… Thing that he had… That helped people with vaginas pee standing up.

…

…

No.

That was a horrible idea. It would feel so fucking wrong, and weird, and embarrassing. He’d be really uncomfortable. Lydia would probably be uncomfortable too.

But, she’d get to pee. She wouldn’t have an accident.

Avery would also sort of be a huge asshole if HE went and let Lydia risk wetting herself when he could actually DO something about it, wouldn’t he?

So, then he could just hold it and gamble his chances of wetting his pants, too.

Or, he could… Do… Something. Something that would ensure NEITHER of them got soaked.

“Ummmmmm….” He began.

Lydia, still with her palms dug tautly against her groin, managed to look to her side at Avery. He was squirming even more now, shifting from foot to foot. His eyes were wide on his face, his face flushed. “Mmmf— Y—You can still go. I won’t be mad,” she told him. “We don’t BOTH need to have accidents.”

Avery rubbed his hands over his arms anxiously. His bladder throbbed slightly upon hearing that he could ‘still go’. “Errr….”

Lydia started to hobble back to the door, her insides revolted furiously, begging her NOT to leave this room when she still needed the toilet so, so badly. She gritted her teeth, wishing her bladder could understand that there weren’t any toilets in here that she could actually USE. If she even attempted to let it flow into the urinal, she’d probably end up with even WORSE wet stains on her clothes than if she just gave up and let her accident happen.

“W—Wait,” Avery said. “I— Er… I just— Y—You can still go, too.”

“That stall is beyond unusable, Avery,” Lydia said.

“Th—The urinal…” Avery mumbled.

“I can’t use a—“

“My— My… ‘thing’,” Avery said. “You can…” He scrunched his eyes shut, thinking maybe this would be easier to say if he couldn’t SEE Lydia. “I can… take it off for a minute. So that you can go…”

“Take— Oh.” Lydia remembered how she’d once briefly considered asking him for that when she was nervous about trying to pee outside. She was grateful that she HADN’T and that she’d instead just learned how to pee in the bushes, as unpleasant as it was for her. This time, there weren’t really any other options. A urinal was different than a bush, there was only one position it could be used in, as far as she knew. And it was a position that she didn’t think she was capable of relieving herself in without just soaking her pants. “Are you sure you’re okay doing that?”

Avery WASN’T sure at all. It felt weird, it felt uncomfortable, it was shoving it into his face that he wasn’t like other guys…

But, maybe this was him ‘not being like other guys’ in a good way? Any other guy wouldn’t be able to help Lydia, only Avery could do that. The best any other guy could do for her would be to just say ‘sorry’, pee in the urinal and then try to comfort her later when she couldn’t hold it. Avery was in a unique position that let him actually FIX the problem. “Y—Yeah,” he said. “Um… I guess…” He stepped away from the urinal, went to the door and switched the lock. “A—Are you okay with it?”

Lydia thought about that. This was deeply, deeply awkward. Avery was going to share something extremely personal with her, she was going to touch it and, due to the nature of WHAT it was, she was going to have to touch it in a way that was really intimate. Nothing ABOUT this situation felt sexual, but it felt far closer than she was used to feeling with other people. “I—If the door’s locked, I guess.”

“And, I know you won’t, but still… Do NOT turn around at ALL until I say,” Avery told her.

“I won’t,” Lydia promised. She would never peek at Avery when he had his pants down. She would never look at the parts of him that made him so upset. She knew Avery didn’t even like looking there HIMSELF.

The only problem was that, by facing away from Avery, she was again facing TOWARDS the urinal. Even though she’d never even attempted to use one before, her bladder still accepted that it WAS, in fact, a toilet. It cramped hard in response, and she had to put her hands back between her legs for a furious squeeze.

Avery, meanwhile, was nervously unzipping his pants. He couldn’t believe that he was doing this. He couldn’t believe that he’d let himself even suggest it. It had just felt so wrong to allow Lydia to have an accident when he HAD something that could potentially prevent it. But, it ALSO felt wrong to… to basically loan her a part of his body. And the fact that the girl he liked was, technically, about to touch his dick wasn’t lost on him, either…

He pulled his pants, boxers and harness down a little. Taking off the prosthetic always made him feel sort of… twisty inside. He didn’t like being reminded that his penis was removable. He didn’t like the sensation of emptiness between his legs whenever it was gone. He usually only took it off when he bathed, so he could wash it out, and when he went to sleep, so that his skin had time to breathe. Both of those he could deal with. He was ALWAYS uncomfortable in the shower anyway, and when he was sleeping, he didn’t have to be AWARE of what his body felt like.

Removing it during the day, and in a public place, made his arms itch. Still, he forced himself to do it, pulling it free from the harness and hurriedly yanking his pants back up to cover his exposed skin. Now he had to… Give it to her. Have her see what it looked like up close. And explain to her how to use it…

Avery’s body became inundated with painful heat. “O—Okay, I… I took it off… But… Uh… You know, it… It looks just like a penis— And— And I don’t want you to think about me differently just because mine… Because mine is… Can come off…”

“D—Don’t worry,” Lydia assured him. She too was flushed with embarrassment. This was, without a doubt, the most awkward experience she had ever had in her life. About the only thing that kept her from totally freaking out was the knowledge that Avery no doubt felt it even more than she did. At the same time, she was so grateful to Avery. She doubted if many people in his situation would do something like this, he was such a great friend.

That was why she knew nothing that happened in the next few minutes COULD change the way she thought about him. He was still the kind, self-sacrificing person that she was happy to call her best friend. There wasn’t anything in the world that could change that.

“Okay…” Avery said, still hesitant. “Um… I hope it doesn’t freak you out… You can turn around now.”

Lydia did, relieved to have the urinal out of her field of vision. Her bladder actually calmed down a tiny bit. Now she felt like she’d wet her pants in five minutes instead of in five seconds. Hey, small victories had to count for something, right?

Avery shut his eyes and held the prosthetic out towards her. His face had never been redder. He looked like he had the most severe sunburn in history. “H—Here… You… Have to… Have to pull down your pants, and put th—the funnel part… under the place where you pee from….”

Lydia stared at it for a second— Longer than she’d intended to. The prosthetic was more realistic than she’d been imagining. She’d never seen a ‘real’ penis before, so she couldn’t compare it too closely. But, she hadn’t expected Avery’s to have visible veins, or to have so many layers of color that it matched actual skin so closely. It reminded her of the prop body parts she’d seen at a film studio she’d gone to with her Dad once.

She managed to force one of her hands away from her crotch to take it, and was surprised again by how it felt. It was a lot firmer than she’d thought, but she supposed that was so the part the pee went through didn’t twist up and overflow.

Speaking of overflowing, Lydia’s bladder was still throbbing and threatening to do exactly that.

The most important part of the prosthetic— really the ONLY part that mattered to her— was the opening of the funnel. She was glad to see that it was fairly large, which assuaged her worries about ‘missing’ it somewhat. “Don’t watch while I— While I put it on, okay?” Lydia said.

“I won’t,” Avery said. As he heard Lydia’s clothing rustling, he talked mostly to cover up the sound. “Just… Yeah, it goes— Right below where you pee from— It’s like… You’ve peed in a cup for the doctor before, right?”

“Yeah…” Lydia said. Her embarrassment was creeping back now that her pants were down and she was… Putting Avery’s prosthetic… THERE. This was, without a doubt, the most intimate thing she’d ever done with another human being, and they weren’t even touching one another!

“Well, if you can do that, you can do this too,” Avery said. “The cup for the prosthetic’s about the same size, and you need to put it in the same place.”

Lydia was USUALLY okay using a cup in a doctor’s office. Sometimes, she put it slightly too far back, and some pee ended up on her hand, though… She hoped she wouldn’t make that mistake here. She THOUGHT she was holding it in the right spot now. She looked down at herself and…

Well, that was kinda freaky…

Since the prosthetic was so realistic, it was sort of a mindscrew to see it against her body. It didn’t look like it was actually a PART of her, but the only thing PREVENTING that from being the case was the fact that the skin tone had been chosen to match Avery, whom was WAY paler than she was. If the color of prosthetic was more brown than peach, maybe it WOULD look like a part of her body.

Even if it didn’t match the rest of her skin at all, it was still really strange to see a penis between her legs like that. It gave her an odd feeling, and she was sort of glad that it would come back off as soon as she’d finished at the urinal.

But, for Avery, whenever he looked down and saw it, he probably felt pretty good. He probably thought ‘Good, that’s supposed to be there’. He probably didn’t feel weirded out by it at all. He probably felt relieved.

Well. Duh. Of course he felt relieved. Most of the time, when he looked at it, he was likely in the process of emptying his bladder. It was then that she remembered ‘Oh, right, Avery has been peeing through this thing multiple times a day for a while’. “Avery, you wash this thing out, right?”

Avery made a noise that was partway between a wheeze and an extremely anxious laugh. “Ah— Y—Yes! Ev—Every time I shower!” Apparently, he’d been made so flustered by the question that he felt the need to keep talking to fill the silence. “A—Anyway! You got it in the right place now?”

“I th—think so…” Lydia said. Now that she HAD the thing where it belonged, she could no longer push her hands into her crotch to forestall her urge for relief. She tried sort of… Pinching the tip of the prosthetic, because she HAD seen Avery grip himself while desperate plenty of times.

He had ALSO told her that he knew any relief he felt from holding onto the prosthetic when he was struggling to hold his pee was purely due to psychological factors. When he grabbed it, that seemed to be enough for his brain to send signals down to his bladder that an improvement had been made, even if he wasn’t actually plugging his urethra closed.

This whole ‘tricking the body’ thing did NOT work for Lydia, though. Likely because she didn’t feel like the prosthetic was a part of her, whereas Avery very much DID. When Lydia held onto it, her bladder kept surging with just as much ferocity as it had been doing before.

“Right, so just… Get close to the urinal— Probably a little closer than you THINK you need to— And, you’re gonna use one hand to make sure the funnel is pressed firmly against… Against yourself. You don’t want any room for something to leak out the sides. And, the other hand is gonna have to aim the… Uh… The other end of the funnel towards the urinal. Oh, and lean forward a little bit so it drains faster, and DON’T pee super hard and fast, or it might be too much at once and you’ll overflow it.”

That all sounded more complicated than Lydia had thought! She hadn’t known there were so many variables! She had no idea what ‘too fast’ was when it came to peeing, didn’t a person’s bladder just… empty however quickly it wanted to? What if the way she peed was too forceful and she just spilled urine all over herself?

Avery wriggled, the vacant feeling between his legs was starting to make him really anxious. He hoped Lydia finished quickly… He felt super vulnerable now. “Th—That’s all you need to know. I’m sure you can do it.” He kept facing straight ahead, away from Lydia. He hadn’t heard her pull her pants back up, so she was going to relieve herself with them still down. That was probably a good idea. Since she’d never done this before, it would be really tricky for her to pee through her zipper. But, it meant that he absolutely couldn’t turn back around and look at her.

Lydia went back up to the urinal, pushing the prosthetic firmly against herself like Avery had said. She pointed its opening at the drain in the urinal, assuming that was where she was supposed to aim for. Her bladder shook tyrannically within her, the ache of need billowing up so painfully that her sphincters stung. It was well past time to go…

But, even though she was now AT a toilet, and had something that made this particular toilet usable for her, her body didn’t unwind when she gave the order. Her urine stayed locked behind her floodgate, rushing against it, but unable to break through. She tried to steady her breathing, tried to relax again, but a minute passed and the urinal remained dry, while Lydia remained full.

Avery had been trying not to listen, but when he realized the only reason that had been so easy was because there was nothing to listen TO, he got worried. “Uh… Lydia, is everything alright?”

“I can’t go…” Lydia admitted. She wasn’t too shocked that she’d run into this problem. After a lifetime of being conditioned ONLY to urinate if she was seated atop a particular chair, telling herself to do it while standing up and staring at a fixture she’d only even seen a small handful of times before was going to be difficult.

“That’s okay,” Avery said. “My first time using it, I got a little stage-fright too for a bit.”

Lydia said nothing. It was a relief to know that this was apparently normal, but THAT didn’t help her relieve her bladder at all. The overflowing organ kept thrashing out of control in her middle, and she started to rock from foot to foot in an attempt to quell the angry pangs. She told herself to stop. Pee dancing would NOT bring her any closer to an empty bladder. It may even cause her to accidentally move the prosthetic to the wrong place.

When more time passed and Lydia still hadn’t gotten herself to pee, Avery spoke up again. “I… I still have a little trouble from time to time, actually. If somebody’s talking in the bathroom, or they get the urinal RIGHT next to me when I’m about to go, I get kinda shy and it takes a minute for me to relax. There’s something that helps me, though.”

“Wh—What is it?” Lydia asked. Her bladder was doing cartwheels in her belly now, the pressure was beginning to make her a little nauseas, like she was so full that her urine was going to try to come up through her mouth just so it could get out.

“I just try and imagine stuff,” Avery said. “Like, waves lapping at a shore, moving gently in and out. Waterfalls roaring and hissing as gallons of water crash down. Leaking faucets squirting out little dribbles. Showers gushing…”

As Avery continued to list off watery descriptions, Lydia tried to picture all of it. The mental images did make her bladder twist itself up a little tighter, and it made the pee within her squeeze more firmly against her aching sphincters, but still nothing was coming out, and it was beginning to get REALLY painful.

“Rivers rising and rushing during a thunderstorm, the water flowing so fast that it starts to hiss, and the rain is hissing too, so loud that…” Avery broke off abruptly and cleared his throat. “Uhhh, so loud that… Er… You can’t hear anything else.” His voice cracked. “Or a water-park, and you’re in line for something and you just get to watch all these streams flowing around—“ His breath caught again. “Around you, and… Uh oh.”

Concerned now that they HADN’T actually locked the door, Lydia’s head whipped to the side to check, but it was thankfully still shut. That was good… What WASN’T good was that the sudden panic of the moment had made Lydia’s bladder cork itself all the way closed again— And she’d felt RIGHT on the edge of letting it go while Avery had been describing the rainstorm! “Wh—What’s wrong?”

Avery said nothing.

“Avery…?”

“Uhhhh, nothing bad,” Avery said. “Just— Er… When you’re done… I, uh… I need my thing back right away. Like, RIGHT away, right away.”

Oh.

Avery’s words, rather than getting Lydia’s bladder to release, had just gotten his own to feel even more uncomfortably full. “I’m— I’m trying!” She assured him.

“I know you are,” Avery said. “Don’t—“ He bit back a wince, his bladder throbbing and protesting what he was about to say. “Don’t rush yourself, that’ll make it harder to go. You just need to relax and…” His bladder pulsated harder now, it REALLY didn’t like what he was going to say next. “And— Th—think about oceans, and—“ He started to shift between his feet. “And— And lakes, and rivers, and rain— And— Uh— And about h—how good it would feel to— to pee. B—Because you really need to go, and you’re regretting the sodas you had earlier, and you’re super uncomfortable…”

As Avery continued to ramble, now seemingly having forgotten that he was supposed to be helping Lydia in favor of babbling to himself about the ache of his bladder, Lydia DID continue to listen. For some strange reason, Avery prattling about his desperation was affecting her more than the descriptions of water had. As he went on and on and on about “Ohhh, just think about how great it would feel to not have to hold it anymore!” And “You’re starting to worry if your bladder might just burst!” Lydia felt something inside of her starting to loosen up.

For a few, very painful seconds, there was just a bright point of wailing pressure at her opening, but then she felt a trickle, and something warm moving through the prosthetic. Her immediate thought was not of relief, but of panic. She was going! Ohhh, please don’t let her screw this up! She leaned herself forwards, like Avery had said, and when the first bit of her release hit the wall instead of the urinal, she corrected her aim as fast as she could.

Then she tried to concentrate hard on how much she was peeing. She hoped that, if she was about to overflow the funnel, she’d sort of FEEL that coming and be able to tighten up and slow down. After several seconds, she grew reasonably confident that it wouldn’t spill, and relaxed more.

Finally, she felt the relief of it all. She felt her knotted bladder uncurl itself and begin to deflate, she felt her aching sphincters go limp and cede themselves to the tide. She felt her lips part with a satisfied sigh. She also still felt a little weirded out. She was gushing a stream out into a urinal, something she’d never even thought about doing before. She was actually WATCHING as pee exited her body, able to see the arc of her stream and its color, the way it shone in the light before pooling into the urinal. She hadn’t ever paid attention to her urine as it trickled out before. It felt strange to her to see it now.

For whatever reason, being able to SEE it all come out, rather than simply HEAR it hiss and FEEL the shrinking of her bladder, made it even clearer to her just how badly she’d needed to go. It was one thing to listen to gush after gush of long-held urine crash into the toilet beneath her, it was another thing to get such a clear view of everything she’d been forced to hold inside. No wonder she’d been so uncomfortable!

Speaking of uncomfortable, Avery was covering his ears now. He’d intended to try not to listen so Lydia could have more privacy. Now he was trying his absolute hardest not to hear at ALL because the sound was like a fist to his bladder and he just needed to go oh-so badly. He gritted his teeth, trying to keep himself from exclaiming “Lydia, please be done soon! I still have to go!”

But, Lydia kept peeing. He should have expected that. When HE was desperate, it took him a LONG time to get finished. Anyone at the bursting point would need a while to empty out. And, if Avery wasn’t in such urgent need himself, he would just feel sorry for Lydia for having to hold so much. As it was, he was just starting to stomp his feet and twist his hips, silently begging for her to stop peeing soon.

Lydia’s release finally began to dwindle in strength after about a minute, then it was another full thirty seconds before her bladder had spurted out all that it had to give. She exhaled again, droplets still plinking into the urinal from the tip of the prosthetic.

“Y—You done?” Avery asked, hopeful.

“Yeah,” Lydia said.

“O—Okay, now you just have to shake it out, and give it back to me,” Avery said.

Lydia shook it a few times, some more urine flowing out. Then she took it out from between her legs and pulled up her pants. She walked past Avery, who made a whimpering noise as she went by him. She turned the hot water on in one of the sinks, prompting a much louder whimper from her friend. “Nnnnh— I—“

“I’m gonna rinse it out for you first,” Lydia said, holding the funnel opening of the prosthetic beneath the running faucet.

As Avery heard the water trickle through it, he doubled over with an “Ah— Oh my God…”

Once Lydia thought it had been cleaned out enough, she gave it back to Avery who accepted it very eagerly. “Don’t look while I put it back on!” He said.

“Of course I won’t,” Lydia said, facing the sink again to wash her hands.

Avery pulled down his pants, boxers and harness and put the prosthetic back where it belonged. Pulling everything back UP again he staggered to the urinal and aimed. His stream poured forth a lot faster than Lydia’s had, hissing against the porcelain and prompting a fluttery little “Ahhhhh…” from Avery’s lips.

Lydia turned around once she was done with her hands, watching Avery’s shoulders slump and his back shiver with relief. She was about to apologize for making him hold it, for all of the awkwardness of what had just happened but, remembering how he’d said that he sometimes couldn’t go if someone talked to him, she decided to wait for him to finish first.

*006*2023-11-20 21:16

Written for the Omovember prompt "Occupied Bathroom".

###

Mother always took forever to get ready. She needed her make-up and outfit to be just perfect, no matter where it was that she was planning to go. She refused to be caught dead looking less than perfect even for a quick walk to the corner store. And, she didn’t like to be disturbed while she was readying herself.

The apartment only had one restroom.

And Lydia had a really, REALLY full bladder. She’d been ready to burst from the second she’d woken up, having spent the night tormented by visions of waterfalls, streams and endless lines for a single bathroom stall. Her eyes had cracked open just as her dream had decided to allow her to seat herself down on a toilet, holding muscles quivering in anticipation of mind-breaking relief.

She noticed she was actually a little damp when she sprang out of bed, the final seconds of her dream apparently a bit too tempting for her body to resist. The shock of realizing that she could have easily wet her bed if she’d woken up a couple seconds later sent a jolt of adrenaline through her, chasing away all remaining grogginess.

Lydia had to pause for a moment to cup herself tightly before leaving her room. She hoped she could get down the hall to the restroom without having to put her hands between her thighs again. It was such a short walk, it would be so embarrassing to make her desperation THAT obvious. She’d be on the toilet in just a minute, and she wasn’t so weak that she couldn’t handle another measly sixty seconds of restraint.

She still wasn’t able to walk NORMALLY, though. Her steps were slow and clumsy, and she was very careful not to move her legs too far apart from one another. Her knees occasionally rubbed, and her thighs strained. Her hands balled themselves into fists so that she didn’t push them back against her crotch.

Lydia could scarcely believe she needed to go this badly, she usually wanted the bathroom first thing in the morning, but it was never so extreme that just getting down the hallway to it provided her with such a strenuous challenge. She realized that she couldn’t recall using the toilet before going to sleep last night, meaning that the last time she’d emptied her bladder had been before dinner yesterday. Ugh, what a terrible mistake, no wonder each step made it feel like a knife was being grazed along her aching abdomen.

She finally got to the restroom door and tugged on the knob. It didn’t budge. “I’m in here,” Mother called back dismissively.

Oh great… Lydia hoped she was almost finished, but really doubted it. “I have to use the bathroom…” she said quietly. She wished her voice would stop sounding so small, it always did when she spoke to Mother.

“Well, I’m in here,” Mother repeated. “Go do something else.”

Lydia knew she should obey, arguing never got her anywhere. It only made Mother angry. This was far from the first time Mother had locked her out of the restroom when she desperately needed to use it, and it wouldn’t be the last. This was, however, the most severe level of need Lydia could recall suffering during moments like this.

She rocked from side to side, gritting her teeth against the complaints bubbling up inside her. In the past, Lydia swore that Mother deliberately took even LONGER if Lydia started to plead with her and insist that she was having an emergency. Mother never gave her any sympathy, just told her ‘Be quiet, stop talking about this. It’s rude. I raised you better than this, Lydia.’ As if it was somehow possible to ‘raise’ someone to never need a bathroom break.

After several minutes had passed and the door still hadn’t budged, Lydia hobbled away from it. Staring at the wooden obstruction blocking her off from relief was just getting too frustrating for her. Her bladder spasmed a little less insistently once she was further away from it.

She very carefully sat down on the couch and pushed her hand between her legs, once she had something wedged up against her opening, she allowed her muscles to relax the smallest bit. The relief was sweet, and she shut her eyes as she wriggled roughly against her palm. Fighting off the flood trapped just millimeters behind her opening with something other than just her trembling sphincters felt quite a bit better. Lydia thought she’d be fine if she just stayed in this position until Mother was finally done in th—

“Lydia…” Pauline’s timid voice made Lydia open her eyes again.

“H—Huh?” Lydia asked. She turned, seeing her younger sister seated beside her on the couch. Worriedly, she searched the girl for any similar signs of neediness.

There had been one awful incident in the past where Pauline hadn’t been able to wait for Mother to finish preparing herself. Lydia had rushed the girl to her bedroom, told her to get changed, then went to the kitchen to splash water over her OWN crotch. When Mother finally came out, Lydia pretended that the puddle in the hall was HERS. She’d gotten a horrible tongue-lashing from Mother for being ‘too much of a little bitty baby to wait for the potty like a big girl’, but she hadn’t cared. Those words would have hurt her even more if she’d heard them directed at her little sister.

Pauline wasn’t squirming now, which was a good sign. But, she was blushing, looking down at her feet. Lydia had trouble reading expressions sometimes, but she could recognize when her sister was ashamed of something. “Are you okay?”

Pauline shook her head, “I’m embarrassed…”

Lydia tried to remember if the pajamas Pauline had on now were the same ones she’d been wearing last night. It was possible that she’d already HAD an accident somewhere… “What happened?” She asked.

“Mama’s been in the bathroom for forever,” Pauline said. “And I couldn’t wait to tinkle…”   Maybe there was enough time for Lydia to clean up the puddle before Mother came out and found it.

Lydia wasn’t looking forward to having to crouch down on the floor to get the job done, odds were she’d end up ADDING to the liquid coating the ground rather than removing it… “It’s oka—“

“I found the potty from when I was little in the storage room, and I had to use it,” Pauline confessed. “It was so embarrassing, and I don’t know where to empty it now, and—“

“Hey,” Lydia said, shifting her hold on herself. “That’s fine.” She couldn’t help but imagine using the potty chair herself. She’d have a much harder time sitting down on it than Pauline had, and since her adult-sized bladder was FULL, there was even a chance that she’d let out too much and overflow it. But, she could try…

She could maybe get a LITTLE of this pressure released before the receptacle got too full. It was going to hurt a LOT to stop peeing before she was done. Could she even DO that, or would her floodgates insist on staying open until nothing else remained inside her?

Mother would be REALLY disgusted if she discovered her eighteen year old daughter overflowing a training potty because she hadn’t been able to hold it…

“I—It’s fine,” Lydia repeated. “I’m just glad you were able to go.”

“Mm…” Pauline nodded, folding her arms and turning away.

Lydia felt awful that her sister was so embarrassed, but also a tad jealous that SHE didn’t need to worry about her bladder anymore. Unless there was another, larger container in the storage room that Lydia would actually be able to position herself over properly, she had no way to get her bladder emptied until Mother finally came back out.

Lydia continued to squirm against her hand. It wasn’t helping as much as before. The fantasy of attempting to relieve herself into Pauline’s old potty chair had been a bit too big of a tease on her bladder. Now, her entire lower body felt like it was made up of taut, hard muscles and gallons of liquid. A fire must have been burning in her stomach, because the liquid battering up against her defenses was boiling and stinging her opening. Hard waves of thrashing liquid trying so hard to flow past her exhausted sphincter.   Her body seemed hellbent on turning itself into a water-gun, pulsing, swelling, so, so tense… Clutching, hot and pressurized. No warmth or dampness had met her palms yet, but how much longer would that last? The throbs weren’t coming in at regular intervals anymore, they were just constantly happening, getting worse and worse.

“Do you have to tinkle too?” Pauline asked finally.

“Y—Yes…” Lydia admitted, rocking back and forth in her seat. “I— I really do…” Sweat rolled off her forehead. It was embarrassing to be watched like this, even just by a six year old… “H—How long have you been awake? Do you know how long Mother’s been in there?”

Pauline shook her head, “I dunno…” she shrugged. “Like I said, she was in there for forever!”

Lydia’s gaze shifted back towards the hall leading to the restroom, unintentionally sending more little pangs of urgency through her lower body. She didn’t think she could wait much longer, and she couldn’t stop thinking about ‘alternative’ solutions.

The kitchen sink kept popping into her mind, even though she knew it was an impossibility. Even if she wasn’t caught in the act with her panties down around her ankles, and her nightgown lifted up as she gushed uncontrollably into the basin, it would still be awful. She’d feel pure, wonderful relief for the first several seconds, but as that faded away, it would be replaced with utter shame. Relieving herself in the sink would be so desperate, so weak… She’d never be able to erase the memory, and each time it cropped back up, she’d be left feeling like a failure.

It was RARE that Lydia peed somewhere that wasn’t a toilet. Urinating outside was so ridiculously uncomfortable for her that she’d only ever done it when there had been zero other options. The few times she’d had to use a container weighed heavily on her each time she remembered them. Sitting down on a toilet and peeing was the only thing that felt right to her, anything else was just uncomfortable at best, and made her feel like a frail, useless, weak little girl that couldn’t control her body at worst.

The only toilet in the apartment was off-limits and was going to remain that way for a while, and every ‘alternative’ was just too unpleasant to consider for very long. Lydia needed to stop limiting herself to just what existed in the apartment. Walking a long distance certainly wasn’t something she WANTED to do, but she could find another restroom if she went outside. If any of her neighbors were around, they might let her use their bathroom and, if not, she thought she could make it to a store in time if she REALLY hurried.

Lydia gingerly stood from the couch, not budging her hands from their placement over her urethra. “Mmmf…” she grunted, feeling the liquid within her slosh hard against her sphincters.

“Where are you going?”

“I— I need to—“ Lydia cringed. “I have to find somewhere else to— To use the bathroom. I’ll b—be back as soon as I—“

“I wanna come!” Pauline said.

Lydia started to shake her head. This wasn’t going to be an ‘exciting’ trip, and it wasn’t like Lydia was about to leave Pauline home alone. Pauline couldn’t walk as fast as her, she’d slow her down. And, often, Pauline would get tired and ask to be carried. Lydia could NOT lift her right now. Anything that required the use of her abdominal muscles was going to end in a very wet disaster.

“But, I don’t wanna stay here by myself,” Pauline whined.

“You won’t be by yourself,” Lydia said. “Mother is—“

“She won’t do anything with me,” Pauline said. “Even if I get hurt, she won’t come…”   Lydia didn’t even think Pauline was trying to manipulate her. Pauline was too young to even know how to do that, and what she was saying was completely accurate. When Pauline was a toddler, she’d fallen off the kitchen table while Lydia had been at school and sprained her wrist. Mother had done nothing apart from scolding her for crying. It wasn’t until their house-keeper arrived an hour later that Pauline was finally brought to a doctor. “F—Fine,” Lydia said. “But, try to walk fast, okay?”

“You have to tinkle really, really bad?” Pauline guessed, standing up.

Lydia felt herself blushing at the word choice, “Yeah… Just… Let’s get dressed and go…” She was mildly hopeful that Mother would be finished with the restroom in the time it took for her and Pauline to change their clothes. She wasn’t going to hold her breath, though… Not that it was her ‘breath’ that she was particularly worried about holding.

Getting dressed wasn’t easy. She got her shirt on easily enough, but her jeans were a different story entirely. Just bending over to pull them up made her midsection start to scream with delirious, frantic need. The first little squirt of liquid warmed her panties as she straightened back up. It was painful to get her pants zipped. The jeans, which fit her perfectly well normally, struggled to do so now. Her bladder was actually so full that it had turned itself into a hard, round stone protruding from her muscular abdomen. She was only able to get the zipper partway up before the heinous pressure forced her to stop. Buttoning them was utterly impossible.

Her panties remained partially visible, and she self-consciously tugged at her shirt in an attempt to hide them better. ‘At least with them like this, when you get to a toilet, you’ll be able to pull them down right away…’ she tried to assure herself.

Once she and Pauline were outside the apartment, Lydia felt a lot less confident. Standing in front of the door to her apartment with a full bladder was making her remember the awful night when she’d wet her pants trying to get them down in time to squat in an alleyway. She told herself that the circumstances now were different, it wasn’t the middle of the night, there would be other people awake to let her use their bathroom. She didn’t have to feel… Frightened… And so, pathetic fears wouldn’t manage to weaken her…

Lydia knocked on several of her neighbors’ doors, but none of them were answered. She groaned, the simplest resolution to her problem wasn’t going to work after all. And, now she was going to have to go down a flight of stairs to start searching elsewhere.

Lydia’s body worked on auto-pilot the entire trip down. One foot in front of the other, one breath at a time, careful step, careful step, in and out. Her urethra was stinging, the repetitive motions involved with traversing a flight of stairs was adding to the very persistent pounding of her bladder.

As she struggled to move, a bit of anger started to boil alongside the liquid already searing inside her. She could usually sprint so quickly, walking down a flight of stairs shouldn’t get her so winded and out of breath. Normally, it didn’t do this to her. Sometimes, she could run up and down these stairs, taking two or three at a time, without her body doing anything to protest it. Right now, even the smallest, most timid movements were making her abdomen flare furiously at her.

Once she was on the sidewalk, Lydia looked back and forth as she tried to decide which direction to go. She needed to find a toilet that was; One, close enough for her to reach before she exploded. Two, wasn’t situated inside of a store that would require her to purchase something before using it. And three, wasn’t completely disgusting.

She stood there for a moment, trying to steady her breathing and regain some more control over her body. Her bladder was so shaken up after being dragged down the stairs, and her hands danced loosely around her waist. She did WANT to grab herself again, but now that there was a much higher likelihood of someone seeing her do it, she was trying her best to refrain.

“Where are we going?” Pauline asked. “Can we go see Avery?”

Lydia shook her head, getting to Avery’s apartment would take too long. She wouldn’t be able to make it. “I need a bathroom, remember?”   “Avery has one.”

“I know that, but it’s too far away.” Lydia led her sister down the sidewalk, still not sure where they were heading. She knew her way around the city so well, but now when all she wanted to find was an available, clean, free-to-use bathroom, she didn’t know where to start. She just didn’t think about that sort of thing unless she actually NEEDED to, so of course she had no mental list of places to check. “We’ll find a coffee store or something,” she said.

“Ick, coffee’s gross…” Pauline said.

Lydia didn’t really want to think about coffee right now, either. Or any beverage. Her bladder pulsated and waves of pain gushed through her as she walked. She was appalled by how slowly she was moving, Pauline wasn’t having any trouble keeping up like she usually did.

She was beginning to think that attempting to get a little of her burden out using Pauline’s old potty would have been the better choice. If she’d let go of a few long spurts, maybe she’d be able to walk properly and get to an actual bathroom faster. If she could have just been certain that she would have been capable of STOPPING the release before it got messy, she would have.

Maybe she’d practice doing that sometime. The muscles controlling her bladder could likely be worked on and toughened up just like the rest of them, right? She should start training them today. Once she finally got to a toilet, she’d sit down, let go, and try to start and stop her stream as many times as possible. It was going to be uncomfortable, but once she’d gotten good at doing it, the skill would be useful to have.

Except, as Lydia planned out how to strengthen her holding muscles, she kept getting stuck on the first step; The part where she’d sit on the toilet and start to go. She couldn’t help but imagine that a bit too vividly, the thought of her tired urethra being able to rest, even just for a few seconds… The thought of her aching, burning bladder going slack and slowly shrinking down into a size that didn’t forcibly stretch out her lower stomach.

Ohhh, absent-mindedly she touched her midsection, feeling the harsh tautness there, the strain as her skin was pulled tautly against her bloated bladder. Just the idea of not having to deal with it anymore… The feel of the cool porcelain beneath her as she relaxed and let her body do it what it was dying to do…

She felt her panties warm up and snapped out of the daydream, her legs coming to rest against each other and straining hard. She felt more heat drizzling from her opening, and had to cram a hand between her thighs before it got any worse. “Mmmff—!”

“Are you okay?” Pauline asked, coming to a stop as well.

“I’m— I’m fine…” Lydia managed, dismayed that they were still on a residential street. Nothing but apartment buildings, and she didn’t want to climb up a flight of stairs to ask a stranger for their bathroom. She was awful at talking to strangers even at the best of times, let alone when she was in pain and the thing she had to say was so embarrassing.

“It’s okay if you can’t make it in time,” Pauline told her. “Accidents happen.”

Now, the warm feelings were circulating in Lydia’s face, rather than between her legs. Pauline was repeating something Lydia had said to HER before, and the role-reversal was enough to make her burn with humiliation.

“I’ll— I’ll hold it,” Lydia said. “We c—can’t be that far from a bathroom now.”

They turned the corner, and started down the next street. There was a subway station on one side of it, and Lydia thought IT might get her to a store a lot faster than her feet did. She headed towards it, and it wasn’t until she’d reached the entrance that she remembered this would require her to go down another flight of stairs.

The first set had already been so brutal on her bladder…

Other people were heading into the station, taking the steps so simply and easily. None of them had a bomb inside their abdomens that would go off if they weren’t very careful about how they set down their feet.

Lydia whimpered softly with every step. Her urethra stung, fire bubbling right at her opening. She wasn’t able to make it down AND hold onto all of her liquids. Tears pinched at the backs of her eyes, and a few scorching droplets of pee re-wet her drying underwear. Halfway down, she was forced to clutch at herself again. She hoped no one noticed, but the station was crowded enough that she knew at least ONE person must have.

Once the steps were finally out of the way, Lydia glanced down to make sure Pauline had kept up. Thankfully, she was. Lydia didn’t think she was being attentive enough to her now, focusing so hard on the simple act of not peeing her pants that she wasn’t watching Pauline properly. Usually, she held Pauline’s hand when they were inside subway stations. If Lydia could actually budge her hands from between her legs, she would be doing that now.

But, she just… Couldn’t. Her hands felt like the only things plugging her shut anymore.

She kept her eyes on Pauline at least, ensuring they didn’t lose track of each other on their way to the train. There were some available seats on it, and Lydia debated if she should actually take one or not. Sitting down would make it easier to hold her bladder, but it came with the caveat of having to stand back up again later. Would she manage that, or would her need for the bathroom have weakened her so badly by that point that she lost the ability to get to her feet?

She decided to stay standing, just to be safe. When the train departed from the station and started to move, she regretted her choice deeply. It felt like all the urine in her body was being slammed roughly to one side, the thin walls of her bladder being blasted by caustic heat and intense stings.

She tightened her legs, but that made it harder to balance. She had to grab the rail, leaving only one hand between her legs, which wasn’t enough to stop her next leak from pouring forth. It was only when she felt herself grow damp again that she finally really registered that everyone aboard the subway right now had front-row seats to her very obvious desperation.

People WERE looking at her, and there was no way that they couldn’t tell what was wrong. Her legs were coiled together and she was holding her crotch for dear life, she was the picture-perfect example of a girl dying to pee. What if someone… Filmed her, or something? If… If they recognized her, if they knew who her Father was, then they might record this… It might end up getting a half-second mention on one of those celebrity gossip shows…

But, maybe no one recognized her. It didn’t happen that often, really. Dad was the famous one, not her. And, she wasn’t caked in make-up or wearing any of the uncomfortable outfits she was forced to put on when she DID appear on Dad’s show. All that stuff made her look like a totally different person, it was RARE for a stranger to recognize who she was.

Still, she tried to see if anyone had their phone out and pointed at her, she didn’t think so… Maybe everyone actually had sympathy for her situation? They— They SHOULD have sympathy, everyone here had to have been in a similar spot at least once before! She tried to forget about all of the other people again, she’d somehow managed to do that for a few minutes before, she should be able to do it again!

But, she couldn’t. Her bladder being so blisteringly full in public was making her feel nauseatingly vulnerable. She must have looked so weak and needy to everybody, they’d never believe she was the best hockey player at her school when a simple urge to pee was breaking her down like this…

She knew she looked pathetic, she looked like she was about to wet herself. She WAS about to wet herself. It had been SO long since she’d last used the toilet that the pressure inside of her felt inhuman!

Maybe she should have stayed at home. Maybe Mom was done in the restroom by now, and if Lydia had just stayed put, she’d already be peeing…

The train came to a stop, and Lydia looked up at the sign. There WOULD be stores close by here. She’d be able to find a public restroom really, really soon… Just had to get off of—

Pauline.

Where was sh—

“Is there a bathroom near here?” Pauline asked, coming to her side.

Okay. Good. She hadn’t gotten lost. “Yes, s—so hurry…”

They left the train, and Lydia was again faced with a flight of stairs. And now she was going to have to somehow make it UP them without exploding. She lifted one foot and tentatively put it on the first step. The jolt sent a blazing shudder up through his leg that clobbered the walls of her overfull bladder. “Nnnnhhh—!” Lydia tightened her grip on her crotch, squeezing her eyes closed. She couldn’t do this, she wasn’t going to make it, it was impossible. She was going to pee. She was going to pee all over herself in the crowded station, making a massive puddle on the ground. She was going to have an accident, she couldn’t hold it, she couldn’t, she was so pathetic, and weak, and powerless, and tons of people were going to see her lose it, and they’d—

“You can do it!” Pauline told her. “Just go up the stairs!”

“I’m—“ Lydia’s face heated. “I’m trying…”

“You can do it,” Pauline repeated. “It’s not that many stairs, and you’re so strong! You can’t already be tired!”

Lydia was the furthest thing from being tired, she was bursting with adrenaline alongside the gallons of pee… She couldn’t make it up the stairs without wetting herself… She was too pathetic…

Pauline actually believed in her though, Pauline thought she could get up the stairs. Pauline thought she could hold it.

And that was what got Lydia moving again. That was what got her to force herself forwards with a deep breath, each step sending new jolts of pulsing panic through her body, the momentum shaking the heavy ball of liquid inside of her, but she got to the top. She had done it.

And, there was a store just to her left, one that she hoped would allow her to use their bathroom for free. She looked down, Pauline was right beside her. Good… Good…

She was glad her little sister had come along after all. Pauline hadn’t slowed her down, Pauline hadn’t made this more difficult. If it weren’t for Pauline, then Lydia would have…

“C—Come on,” Lydia said, taking Pauline into the store. The cashier barely looked up, and didn’t say a word to her as she carefully made her way towards the sign designating where the restrooms were. Finally… Outside the door to the women’s room, Lydia danced from foot to foot as she told Pauline to wait right there for her. “I— I might b—be a while,” she warned. “D—Don’t wander off.”

Pauline nodded, and Lydia bolted in. One of the stalls was already in use, the hiss of a stream penetrating Lydia’s eardrums and making her leak a long spurt into her pants. She whimpered audibly, gripping herself as firmly as she could as she stumbled into the closest available stall.

Ohhhh…. Just— Just the sight of the toilet— Her bladder buzzed with anticipation and she groaned, throwing the door’s lock into place. She was actually glad that she hadn’t been able to zip or button her pants up earlier, being able to just yank them straight down was a blessing.

Lydia didn’t sit on the toilet, she threw herself onto it. As soon as she felt the seat beneath her, her utterly exhausted holding muscles snapped into pieces. A few stinging drops dribbled out of her, then there was a dismal trickle, followed by a steady stream, then finally a roaring, thunderous blast of pent-up liquid poured urgently into the bowl. She let out a deep, satisfied sigh as her lower body was allowed to relax for the first time all day.

Her eyes drifted shut, jaw hanging slack in utter relief. She shuddered, wave after wave of pee forcibly ejecting itself with the strength of a firehose. Her urethra wasn’t burning anymore, and the throbs in her abdomen transformed into pulses of pleasure. The pressure didn’t die off, if anything the gush of her furious stream only increased in power.

After over a minute of absolute bliss, her release finally started to slow down, but she was still peeing quite a bit. She slouched in exhaustion, requiring almost another full minute to stop going completely.

Phew…

For a few seconds, she couldn’t get up. She just stayed where she was, her legs numb and her vision clouded. She had to force herself to stand back up, completely unacceptable for an athlete like her, but she felt too good to scold herself over that. She pulled her pants back up, and was actually able to ZIP them now. The area between her legs felt a little clammy, prompting a blush.

At least she hadn’t let ALL of that go in her clothes…

Once she’d finished washing her hands and had left the restroom, she was glad to see Pauline had stayed exactly where she’d told her to.

“Did you get to tinkle?” Pauline asked.

Lydia blushed more. ‘Tinkle’ was not a strong enough word to describe the ocean she’d just let out. “Yeah… I’m okay now.”

“Yay!” Pauline said. “Now, can we go do something fun?”

