Twice, thrice or five?

Author: Spurgle

*000*2021-04-06 13:19

A few drops of sweat dampened my brow on the warm August evening. The sun was going to sleep and was nearly dipped behind the blue horizon. The trees on the far bank were bathed in a warm glow, the dark green hue seemed to be fluorescent in some way. The dark blue water was still and calm and rolled gently onto the rocky beach at my feet.

The water was cool. It was refreshing in the best way possible. It had been a long hot day and the crisp water against my toes was a welcome relief. In the winter, the water is frozen solid and only really melts in March or April, it is hauntingly beautiful at all times of the year. It is also an immensely popular spot for locals.

In the winter folk come there to see the ice fields and enjoy the peace and tranquillity. Some folks come to see the ships plough through the ice field and watch the chucks of ice crash and break against the hulls of these immense vessels. Others come to walk their dogs or have a romantic stroll.

In the summer it is slightly different. The rocky beach is busy with people either enjoying a picnic, playing games, walking in the warm sunshine or just lounging around with friends. On the night in question, there were a group of people playing a version of volleyball, music blasting from a large speaker and I am sure the alcohol was flowing freely.

We were there though, to just enjoy the summers evening and watch the cruise ships roll into the harbour. We had been there a few hours already before the first ships slowly rolled into port. I had brought a cool bag full of beer and myself and Saara had been slowly making our way through them as the evening wore on.

It was a warm evening, so I was wearing a trusty T-shirt and shorts and Saara was wearing black jean shorts and a fetching grey vest top, with a dark green bag draped over her shoulder.

It had been her idea to come here. I was happy in the bar but Saara wanted to watch the ships and enjoy what remained of the summer. Which in Finland, is fair enough. I moved here just as the winter was setting in and despite the numerous warnings, I was woefully underprepared for the long dark months that lay ahead. So, I was relieved when the days became longer and the air warmer.

On the evening in question there was a nice breeze rolling in from the Åland islands and each time I felt its touch I would turn my head to breath in the cooler air. My mind was clear, and I was just enjoying the moment, we had been sat in silence for a while, but this is no problem, not for Finns, in these moments I like to remember the Finnish proverb “puhuminen on hopeaa, vaikeneminen on kultaa” talking is silver, silence is gold.

“What re you thinking?” Saara asked plainly.

“Not much, just enjoying the silence” I replied in a wry tone. She just nodded and looked back out towards the water, which as the sun was dipping was beginning to glisten.

We returned to silence and I began to think about the long winter to come. I was not looking forward to it, very few do. However, my thoughts were interrupted by the unmistakeable sound of a ships horn in the near distance. The passage it travels into the harbour is fairly narrow, the passage is flanked on both sides by islands, the area after all, is just a small part of a large archipelago. I turned to my right and saw the vessel creep into the channel. As the vessel gets closer the water is dragged from the beach and as the ship passes, the water returns to lap on the rocks again, albeit in a rather fast flow. Some people like follow the water as it is pulled into the middle of the passage and then race the water back to shore as it returns. This is what Saara suggested as she saw the vessel approach.

“Are you coming?” she asked me.

“Why not” I replied earnestly.

On my reply Saara ran to the waters edge and tracked her steps to be just a few paces behind the water line. I stayed back an extra few pace, I was not interested in racing the water, I was just keeping my friend company. Saara had her arms outstretched and was gesturing that she was pushing the water back herself, I chuckled and gave her some encouragement.

Saara had followed the water ten to fifteen paces from the shore, and I stopped five or so paces behind her. I watched the ship slowly creep through the passage. It was a big white vessel with a diagonal red line running from the stern to midship, it was a cruise ship that travels from the port to Stockholm daily. I tried to focus on the ship, but it was difficult, with her back to me and stood bolt upright Saara’s bum looked spectacular in the shorts she was wearing. I tried not to look too much but it was difficult. Her nearly perfect cheeks were framed beautifully by the lines from her knickers which were plainly visible running down the sides of both cheeks. Bit of shame she is such a valuable friend, I remember thinking to myself. She is a beautiful woman.

I had to avert my gaze quickly as I saw Saara spin round to look at me. I hope she didn’t notice I was admiring her bum and panty lines.

Evidently not. She had a big smile on her face, and she was gesturing for me to get closer. Her dark hair was flowing freely in the summer breeze. She looked a little wild in those moments.

I trudged closer. The water was quite far out now and the ground beneath my feet was mostly just damp with occasional small puddle trapped between the rocks. I had intended to stand next to Saara but I stopped in my tracks a couple paces behind her. I had to be certain I was not seeing things. But after a moment, it was clear as crystal. What else could it be? I asked myself silently and the only answer I could come up with, was that Sarra was stood there wetting herself.

I was flabbergasted. It was so clear and blatant. From the two paces I was behind her I could clearly see the gentle trickle of liquid emanating from her shorts and rolling down her smooth legs, and she was just stood there bold as brass, as if it was the most normal thing in the world. It seemed like she really did not care and as I saw the trickle of pee run stronger into what I can only describe as a regular pee stream, I knew she was totally relaxed without a care in the world. The only inkling, I got, that told me she even remotely cared about wetting herself was when she ran her hands down her bum, as if she was checking she was actually done and there was no excess pee clinging to her shorts.

“Are you okay? You look horrified” she asked sarcastically.

“ i…umm.well..” I don’t actually think I used words; I think I just made a strange noise in response.

She just shrugged her shoulders and went back to watching the ship. I could still see pee dripping from the back of her shorts.

“Saara” I started cautiously “I need to ask a question and I’m going to be blunt” I stopped to let her reply if she wished, I suspected she wouldn’t and she didn’t, so I continued “have you just wet yourself?” I blushed a little even asking the question.

“Yes” she answered very plainly, as if it was the most normal thing to just outright admit that she had just pissed her pants.

I tried to hide my surprise. But evidently my jaw was on the floor, I am not much of an actor.

“What do you expect me to do?” she asked rhetorically “there are no toilets here and I’m not popping a squat with all these people around. I had to go, so I went”. She was very matter of fact about it, there was no embarrassment, no anger, it seemed totally mundane to her.

“But..” I started but she cut me off quickly “I shouldn’t wet myself, I’m a grown woman is that what you were going to say?” she asked playfully. I just kinda shrugged and continued to blush.

“I needed to pee; I’m not going to put myself in agony just to keep myself dry. I don’t care, this isn’t the first time, and it won’t be the last” she stopped sharply when she realised the water was rushing back towards the shore.

We both ran back and laughed as I stumbled and almost got caught by the incoming waves. There was a certain irony in that moment.

After returning to our previous spot and sitting back on the large rocks that adorned the shore, I continued my questioning.

“So” I started slowly “this really is not a big deal for you, I guess you have wet yourself a few times before”.

“Of course, why do you think I’m always either wearing dark bottoms or a skirt?” her tone was almost accusative, as if I should have already arrived at this conclusion. “if I am out and about and there is no toilet nearby, I will wait for a discreet moment and just relax. It is not dramatic, I do not make a scene, I just relax and let the pee fall out of me. Its no big deal”

I gave an approval nod to show that I had heard and understood her words, it was still very unusual to hear her speak like this. I had known Saara for a while now, how many times had she done this in my presence? It was a question I wanted answering.

“So, how many times..” she cut me off again evidently knowing where iu was going.

“Have I wet myself when I’m with you?” she finished my question for me “I don’t know, I don’t keep count. But it has happened several times. Remember when we were in Tampere, and we got lost for hours looking for our hotel?” I nodded.

“I think twice as we were searching and nearly a third time on the tram. If you remember the tram was quiet so I began dribbling slowly but then people got on at a stop, so I stopped myself, soon after that we got to the hotel”.

I began thinking back to those times and wondered how I could have missed it. We shared a room in that hotel, how on earth did I not know that the woman I was sharing a room with had wet herself, at least twice and maybe more. Only one point came in mind. On the train to Tampere, Saara had leaned down to pick up a magazine from her bag which was on the floor at her feet, in that moment I had seen the top of her knickers protruding over the top of her shorts, they were white briefs with a pink trimmed waist and coloured animals printed on the fabric and in the hotel, shortly after she had showered and changed, I saw those knickers in a plastic bag inside her travel bag. This was only half an hour or so after arriving at the hotel and I remember thinking it a little odd to change knickers halfway through the day, but I had no suspicion that was the reason.

“So that was why you changed your underwear so quickly after arrival?” I asked curiously.

“Yep. I’m not bothered about wearing wet underwear, but they were sodden, I was worried they would smell a little too. I usually cover myself in perfume aften an accident” she said the word accident in a sarcastic way “but I had peed so much in those I really did worry that I was unpleasant to be around. That is always my biggest concern” she stopped briefly to choose her words carefully “I do not mind being wet, or people seeing me wet myself or walking around in wet clothing, but I do not want to smell bad, because then its not nice for other people. If we are outside, it does not matter so much, there is fresh air to dry me off and hide the pee smell, but I still get worried every now and then. Not so much if I just wet myself once, but on the occasions when it has been more than once, I can get a little self-conscious about my smell”.

I listened closely to what she was saying and tried not to think about it too much. I guess its not all that strange, its just, we are taught as children that wetting ourselves is bad, but if it does not hurt someone else, is it so bad? It was a rhetorical question I asked myself privately.

We sat in silence for a short while. The sun was nearly fully hidden beneath the horizon by this point, and I was beginning to think about returning home. It had been a nice day, with a slightly strange revelation, I learned a lot about Saara in those moments.

“Now that you know” Saara broke the silence “do you think any differently about me?” I thought about the question for a few moments and truthfully, I did not.

“No, I admire your free spirit” I said happily. She just chuckled.

“Good.” She said almost tiredly “I have to pee again...” she let the question hang in the air for a few moments. I just looked at her and shrugged “go for it” I said plainly. And she did.

Sitting on the rock I saw a trail of pee begin to trickle down the smooth grey surface, it reminded me of a small waterfall. The trickle became steadily stronger. At one point, I leaned forward and slyly peeked at her darkening crotch area, there was a clear puddle under her bum and the pee was rolling away down the front and sides of the rock. I could see the pee itself spurting out from her crotch, it made me think of a water gun I played with as a child. But I must not have been as sly as I thought, because she had caught me observing.

“If you want to watch, watch. I do not care. You already know what I’m doing, it makes no difference if you watch it happen or not” she chuckled after the last word left her lips. I just smiled and blushed.

It seemed to go on for a while. I wondered how much more she had inside her, but then I remembered all the beer we had drank together. Gotta come out one way or another.

Eventually though, she finished peeing herself. She stood up and I witnessed a dark damp stain om the rock on which she had been sat. There was a clear wet stain on her bum, I could see her panty lines more clearly than ever now. She wiped herself down and tried to examine herself, twisting her entire body in the process.

“How bad is it?” she asked playfully whilst patting her sodden bum.

“It’s very wet” I said plainly, unsure how else to quantify her accident.

“I know that” she laughed “I mean am I see through or anything?”

“No, but…” I stopped to compose myself, my cheeks burning red with embarrassment. “I can see your knickers clearly”. She laughed again. “I’m used to that” she said tiredly “if you wear big knickers and tight shorts, people will inevitably see what is hiding beneath, but who cares?” she stopped, and I said nothing.

The beach was quickly emptying. Other than we, there was only a handful of other people about and the air was getting cooler.

“Wait!” Saara spoke quickly. I was surprised and jumped a little, I think she spoke louder than she intended. “What you were saying before, about Tampere, how you knew I had changed my knickers in the hotel, how did you know that?” she asked suspiciously.

I felt shocked. It had never occurred to me before that I had given away that I peeked at her knickers on the train, not to mention spying them in her bag in the hotel.

“ I ummm… saw them on the train” I broke off briefly to compose myself “they were poking out over your shorts, then, at the hotel, I saw the same knickers in your overnight bag, so I knew you had changed”

She tuuted playfully at me. “You should never peek at girls’ knickers; you never know what you will find”.

I just smiled and wished to melt away into the rocky beach.

“Anyway” Saara started “We should probably go soon”.

“Yeah, it is getting a little cool now” I agreed.

“Not just that. These panties are sodden, they are clingy and every now and then I feel them dripping into my shorts. Seriously, look at this!” before she even finished speaking, she had pulled the back of her shorts halfway down her bum so show me her sodden underwear.

They were white. Kind of. Mostly now though, they were a weird shade of dark white with faded yellow stains halfway up the back. It seemed unreal to think they had dried yellow in just the time since she first peed herself in the water. But she was correct, they were clingy. It looked as if her bum was trying to devour the sodden cotton panties, she had quite a wedgie going on and no matter how many times she reset herself, her knickers kept getting sucked into her perky bum.

“These are driving me crazy” she exclaimed “any more than twice and they can’t take it anymore”.

“More than twice?” I asked surprised.

“Oh yeah” she chuckled and even blushed a little “remember when you stopped to check a bus timetable on the way over here?” I nodded. “I needed to pee then, I wasn’t sure how long I had until you were ready to go again, so I quickly wet myself there. To be truthful, were too quick. I was still peeing when were back on the bikes. That’s why I hung back a little.” We both laughed out loud.

“Okay, so miss Saara has wet herself THREE rimes today” I even held up three fingers in the air to really make the point.

“Noooo” she said shyly.

“Well then you cannot count apparently, once on the bike, then in the water and finally just now, that is three miss Saara” I let my playful tone hang in the air and gazed at her with a look of superiority.

“Before you met me at the harbour….” She started but I cut her off quickly “WAIT!” I exclaimed triumphantly “you’re telling me, that you have, in fact, wet your pants FOUR times today!”

“That is correct” she said proudly.

“I have a question for the witness”.

“Proceed” she responded dutifully, sensing the tone of the conversation.

“When you arrived at this beach, your shorts appeared to be dry, how is that possible? IF by that very moment, you had already WET YOURSELF TWICE, your underwear would have been sodden, correct?” I paused for an answer.

“That is correct” she answered confidently.

“So then, as the urine stream must pass through said underwear to reach your shorts, how is it they remained blissfully dry? Do you have dying powers, miss Saara?”

“I do not. Quite obviously, my shorts dried in the warm air as we were riding our bicycles. Let us not forget, it is a long ride from the harbour to where we are now. So, whilst my underwear, was drying a little, my shorts were drying much more quickly in the warm air. Also, they are black. These shorts are chosen for the specific reason that I can have an accident or two and it is not easy to notice that I have done so unless someone is close by and happens to be looking at certain parts of my body, like you were earlier when you were looking at my bum. I rest my case”.

We both laughed, it was a strange roleplay to partake in and I was surprised just how playful Saara was with this topic. Clearly, wetting herself is not a big deal, it is maybe even an everyday thing, I do not know. What I do know is, cycling home from the beach on that Summer night, I was not remotely surprised when after announcing that she needed to pee again, the dark wetness on her shorts had expanded again.

To all who read this, i hope you found enjoyment. Have a great day.

