Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*016*2022-02-18 17:24

The camping trip was supposed to have been fun, but ever since night had begun to fall, everything started to go wrong. Adam had severely overestimated his ability to set up a tent. He’d gotten it to stand up eventually, but it was very lopsided. He’d also badly underestimated how hungry hiking through the woods was going to make him and Alex get. They’d eaten nearly all the food that was supposed to last them the entire weekend just in one afternoon. Upon realizing that they hadn’t brought enough supplies they decided they should probably leave. But, then it had started to rain. And not just a little rain, either. It began to pour.

Adam had been busy relieving himself against a tree when the sky split open and released an even bigger flood than the one Adam was letting out. It hadn’t been fun being stuck there, held hostage by his bladder as he tried to get it to finish emptying so he could go inside the tent where it was nice and dry.

But, shortly after he and Alex had gone into the tent, Adam was grateful he wasn’t still holding his pee. Thunder had begun to roar in the distance, and Alex had huddled himself against Adam, trembling harshly and clinging on tight. “Shhh…” Adam kept whispering. It felt nice to have Alex so close to him, but knowing the poor thing was pressed against him due to terror dampened the warmth he felt. “It’s okay… It’s okay… I’m here…”

Adam also felt horribly guilty. This trip had been his idea, and he’d completely neglected to check the weather forecast when he’d been planning it. He just hadn’t even thought about it. It was his fault they were out here in such a bad storm, and it was his fault Alex was so scared. All he could hope to do now was to soothe Alex enough that he maybe managed to fall asleep and ride out the storm. “It should be over in the morning, and then we’ll go home… Try to rest.”

Alex sniffled harshly, burying his face in Adam’s shirt as he continued shaking.

Adam stroked a hand down his back. “I’m right here,” he repeated. “You’re safe.” Adam tried to fall asleep as well, but it was hard to do with all the noise outside and the knowledge that Alex was so upset. He wrapped his arms around his partner and nuzzled him close, clinging to him and trying everything to make him feel safe. “I’ve got you…” he whispered.

Adam’s presence did seem to be comforting Alex, and eventually he stopped crying. Adam wished he would say something. Alex’s silence— apart from his sobs— during all this had been off-putting. “Are you feeling better at all?” Adam asked.

“Mmm…” Alex made a vague sound, that seemed neither positive nor negative. But, he did put his own arms around Adam, squeezing very tightly to him, like he was a life-raft in the middle of a vast ocean.

Even if Alex’s tears eventually stopped flowing, his trembling just kept on coming. If anything, it seemed to be getting worse. Alex shook restlessly in Adam’s arms, continuing to make those feeble, whimpering noises. Adam pressed his lips lightly against Alex’s cheek, “You’re alright…” he said, trying to impart some calm into him, but it didn’t work.

A couple hours passed in this way until Adam started to feel something warm against his leg. He was pretty confused until he heard Alex begin to cry again. “Alex, what’s—“

“I have to go!” Alex sobbed. “I can’t hold it!”

“Go…?” Adam repeated, before realizing what the sudden heat against his leg must have been. He started to sit up, even as Alex failed to let go of him and remained clinging to his body. Poor Alex! He must have been desperate to pee for so long already if he was starting to leak. Adam felt bad that he hadn’t realized the true meaning behind at least SOME of his fidgeting and shivering. “It’s okay,” he said for what must have been the thousandth time that night.

“It’s not,” Alex insisted, tears continuing to flow— But thank goodness his bladder wasn’t still doing the same. “I’m gonna pee my pants because I’m scared, like a baby!”

Adam shook his head, “You’re not a baby,” he promised. He wished Alex had said something a little sooner about needing to go, it pained him to see him so upset when he knew he should have been able to help. “I need you to let go of me, okay?”

Sniffling, Alex did so. He first wrapped his arms around his body for comfort, before jamming his hands between his legs to hold back his flood instead. His eyes squeezed shut and he moaned as he felt fresh heat flare against his palms.

Adam crawled over to his bag and started to rummage through it. He really didn’t want to make Alex go outside in the storm. It was the last thing he’d ever want to do to him. But it was obvious that, one way or another, Alex was going to pee before the storm was over. Adam just had to hope there was somewhere he could do it inside the tent. Other than his pants, anyway.

He found something pretty quickly; One of the large water bottles they’d drained throughout the day. Back when the sun was out and Alex had still felt safe and had been having fun and Adam had been certain nothing could go wrong. He twisted off the cap and Alex’s eyes cracked open when he heard the bottle’s top come off. His eyes widened when he saw it. He wanted nothing more than to relieve his poor, aching bladder into it… “Adam… Nnnh…” He strained as his legs coiled together and he bounced where he sat. “I don’t want to ruin your bottle.”

“Alex, that doesn’t matter right now,” Adam said. “You’re bursting.”

Alex thought he’d been ‘bursting’ a few hours ago. Now, he was pretty much in the process of exploding where he was. Pee was still leaking haphazardly from his bladder, his muscles feeling like they were being yanked and torn apart piece by piece. “You won’t be mad?”

Adam stared at him. In his eyes, Alex was the one who ought to have been mad at him. Adam had been the one that failed to pay attention to the weather forecast and caused Alex to spend a night in the dark woods as thunder roared. “Of course I won’t be, I’ll be more mad if you DON’T go and end up making yourself sick.”

Alex worried at his lip. He knew Adam obviously cared more about HIM than he did about a water bottle, but he was still going to feel bad about this. But first, he knew he was going to feel really, REALLY good. His bladder got ahead of him a bit and sent one more squirt of liquid into his boxers. “Ah! The bottle now, please?!” He whimpered.

Adam tried not to laugh as Alex went from hesitant, reluctant acceptance to eager begging in a matter of seconds. “Of course, here you go.” He placed the bottle in front of Alex and began to turn away.

Alex started lowering his pajama pants, muttering desperate, nonsensical gibberish about how much he needed a pee to himself. “Ohh… Can’t hold it! Gotta go so bad!” He got up onto his knees, positioned the bottle beneath the opening of his prosthetic and—

THOOM!

A loud crash of thunder made Alex jump, and his pelvic muscles tensed. “Ah!” he cried, beginning to shake once more. His eyes had gone wide with fright, and his heart had started to pound. Often, if Alex was startled like that when his bladder was full, he’d pee at least a little bit without meaning to. But, this time, the fear had caused his urine to remain locked inside his body instead. He sniffled as his tears returned and he tried to just relax and do what he had to do.

“Alex?” Adam asked, still facing the opposite direction.

“I’m scared, Adam,” Alex said. “I’m so scared that I can’t pee, and it hurts!”

Adam turned around then, “Shh… Don’t be scared,” he said. “It’s just the weather.”

“I know,” Alex said tearfully. “I’m so stupid.”

“You’re not, shhh…” Adam said. “I’m here, just relax.” He was a little alarmed now himself. While Adam had endured a few instances of his bladder getting stage-fright once it was time for it to do its thing, necessitating him taking slow, deep breaths while thinking very hard about waterfalls, he knew Alex very rarely had this happen. And, Adam knew also, that when it DID happen to Alex, it was scary for him. And, since Alex had already been scared more than enough tonight, Adam really didn’t want him to continue on feeling frightened.

Indeed, when Alex realized his body was going to be disobedient and not release his liquid, he did get scared. Being unable to relax his muscles enough to pee was such a rare occurrence for him that whenever it DID happen, it terrified him. It scared him that he could need to do something really badly and yet find himself incapable of it. It made him worry that that could happen with other body parts too. Like, one day he’d wake up and his lungs wouldn’t want to accept oxygen anymore even as he suffocated.

Adam had told him that that was incredibly unlikely. He’d told him that sometimes people just had a little trouble peeing and it was nothing to be afraid of. But, it still stressed Alex out the rare times it happened to him. And then it was like a self-fulfilling prophecy, because now that he was stressed out because he couldn’t pee, the stress was making it even harder to pee, which made him more stressed, which made it harder to pee. On and on and on.

When another crash of thunder startled him badly, but failed to startle the pee out of him, he began to tear up once again. “Adam…” he cried. “It hurts!” He felt so pathetic, sobbing to his boyfriend who was always so cool and calm and capable. Sobbing to him that he just needed to go pee… He couldn’t believe Adam hadn’t realized how unworthy he was of him yet.

“Shhh…” Adam hushed again. “I know…” He had one idea of something that may help Alex settle down and find the comfort he needed, but he wasn’t sure if Alex would want physical contact from him while he tried to do something so private. Still, he asked anyway. “Do you want me to hold you again?”

Alex remembered how soothed he had been at first by having Adam’s arms around him while he’d tried to sleep through the storm, feeling his body heat and hearing his breath. Up until his bladder had announced its intention to explode, Alex had been as comfortable as he could hope to get… “Yes, please,” he said.

“Okay,” Adam said. “No problem.” He crawled behind Alex, sat up onto his knees and gently held onto him, stroking a hand down Alex’s stomach. Adam almost jumped when his palm ran over the strange, hard lump in Alex’s lower belly. That hadn’t been there before. And Alex whimpered loudly at the contact, like it was causing him pain. ‘Holy shit, is that his bladder?’ Adam thought, his heart beginning to pound. THAT could not have been good for Alex’s health. “Sorry…” Adam whispered, moving his hand up higher and rubbing a soothing circle into Alex’s stomach.

If that solid swell in Alex’s center really WAS his bladder—Adam couldn’t think of anything else it could possibly be— Adam was concerned about if the bottle would even be big enough. It was a bottle meant for use at a gym, so it held an entire liter. Adam just had to hope Alex’s bladder couldn’t ALSO hold that much. Making the poor thing stop midstream so Adam could get him a second bottle would be brutal.

But, before he worried about the capacity of Alex’s bladder, Adam had to worry about getting it to empty out at all. Alex still hadn’t started to pee, and his choppy, panicked breaths were very loud to Adam now thanks to their close proximity. “Shhhhh…” Adam said, still stroking Alex’s belly. “Relax…”

“It hurts so bad, Adam,” Alex moaned.

“I know…” Adam said.

“I’m scared, what if it never comes out?” Alex asked.

“It WILL come out, I promise,” Adam said, hoping he wasn’t going to end up having to take Alex to a doctor to make that happen. He didn’t mention that to Alex though, planting the idea in his mind that this could result in hospitalization would do absolutely nothing to help him now.

Adam tried to think of something that WOULD help, and remembered an early Saturday morning a few months ago. He and Alex had woken up and had had nowhere to go, so they stayed in bed and cuddled for a while. Then they started to roughhouse with each other a bit, and at one point Adam had Alex pinned against the bed and was tickling him in every spot he could reach. He’d had no idea Alex was so ticklish, but no matter where Adam tried, Alex would laugh and snort and Adam’s heart would flutter at the sound. But, then Alex suddenly stopped laughing so hard and his face turned very pale. “Ahah— Adam—Adam, STOP. STOP NOW.”

Adam was unused to hearing Alex speak in such a firm, serious tone of voice, so he immediately stopped and backed away. “What’s the matter, did I pinch y—“

Alex immediately bolted to his feet, his hands between his legs, and a wet patch growing over the crotch on his pajama bottoms. Adam realized then that he’d made Alex laugh way harder than a person should before they’d had their morning pee.

When Alex came back from the restroom, red in the face and trying to catch his breath, Adam wasn’t sure if he should apologize or pretend it hadn’t happened. Alex seemed keen on not acknowledging it, so Adam didn’t either.

Remembering it now, Adam thought that maybe if he made Alex laugh again, he’d finally go. “Um… Remember that morning I tickled you too much?” He asked.

Alex somehow managed to go tenser. He definitely remembered it. And, he’d thought that since Adam hadn’t said anything to him about it after he’d relieved himself, that the other hadn’t noticed how he’d nearly had an accident. Apparently not, though. “Y—Yes…”

“Well, you’re having… trouble now. Maybe if I do it again…?” Adam trailed off.

Alex was willing to try anything to get his bladder to drain. “Okay,” he said.

And Adam began to lightly tickle Alex’s belly. He didn’t want to put Alex into hysterics, if he got him rolling around and flailing like he’d been that morning then if he DID start peeing, Adam doubted much of it would end up in the bottle where it belonged.

It was enough to get Alex laughing though, his body shaking even through the pain still swelling his abdomen. After only a few seconds, Alex’s bladder broke open and his stream spilled forth. It really spilled, hitting the material of the sleeping bag at first. “Heheh—Adam stop, I’m—Haha—I’m going!— I gotta aim!”

Adam stilled his hands and just continued to hold Alex as the other corrected his aim so that his stream hissed and poured into the bottle. Once the sound of liquid loudly splashing against plastic became audible, both of them let out sighs of relief. Adam because he was so happy Alex was all better now and had overcome his nervous bladder, and Alex because… Well, he was finally PEEING.

“Ahhhh…” Alex moaned, finally from pleasure instead of agony. He felt his bladder starting to shrink down, pressure fading as all the liquid he’d been made to restrain inside himself was finally being ejected.

Adam felt weird hugging onto Alex like this while he was urinating. It didn’t gross him out or anything, Alex couldn’t help this after all. It just— Well, it was such a personal, private thing to do, and so having him resting in his arms as he did it felt unusual. After a few moments of Alex letting out relieved, steadying breaths, Adam realized that it didn’t feel unusual in a bad way. Alex must have trusted him a whole awful lot to feel comfortable enough to do this in his arms.

Then, Alex started to shiver, and Adam felt the way his body shook all up and down his spine. This wasn’t like the terrified shaking he’d been doing earlier, this was obviously something much more pleased. Alex kept shivering and shuddering with the relief of it all, and Adam felt every jolt of it. It made him feel like he was experiencing Alex’s relief for himself.

After Alex had been spraying away for a bit, Adam knew he had to ask. “Um… Keep an eye on the bottle, okay? Make sure you don’t overflow.”

“Ahhh…” Alex sighed in response. “It’s not full yet…” his voice was soft and light and breathy. “An’ I’m almost done…” After a few final spurts, he was empty and started to pull his pants back up before closing the bottle, one last shiver passing through him as he did so. He scooted back onto his sleeping bag, now starting to blush as he remembered all the crying and whining he’d done earlier. “I’m sorry…” he said. “I’m so weak.”

Adam crawled over to pick up the bottle. “Um… No,” he said as his eyes widened. “Alex, I’d say you’re actually really, really strong.”

“I’m not… I cried because I had to pee, I’m—“

“Well, you were holding almost an entire liter,” Adam said. The bottle was nearly filled to the top, only a tiny bit of space left inside it. “So, I’d be more surprised if you DIDN’T cry… That must have hurt.”

“It really did… Is that a lot?” Alex asked.

“Yeah,” Adam said. “And, I’d say the fact you actually kept that in you for so long means you’re super strong.”

