After work desperation

Author: sussytransgirl

*000*2024-05-15 09:07

The girl named Indigo rushed through the door.

Her girlfriend Alice, who was sitting on the couch, turned around and looked at her.

"Hey babe, how was work?"

Indigo quickly took her shoes off, hopping on the spot. "F-fine!" She said, crossing her legs.

Alice raised her eyebrow, smirking. "Something wrong?" She asked, already knowing the answer.

"Ngh... drank too much soda.. traffic.. gotta pee!" She stuttered, desperately squirming in place.

Alice smiled deviously. "Can you hold it~?"

The other girl shook her head. "N-no! I'm- about to b-burst!"

Alice got up off the couch, giving her girlfriend a nice tight hug. "H-hey! ah~" Indigo moaned softly, trying to wriggle out.

She kept her grip firm, kissing her girlfriend on the neck. "P-please.. I-I'm gonna-"

Suddenly, the desperate girl reached her limit, a hot stream soaking through her pants, and splashing onto the floor.

"Ahhhhhh~ oh... god...." Indigo sighed, her face going red and hot.

"Feel better?" Alice asked.

Indigo just nodded, too dazed to respond.

Alice sat the wet girl on her lap, patting her head.

"This is um.. r-really embarrassing.." The girl said, still shaking a little.

Alice pulled her in closer. "Aw, is it? I think it's cute~"

The statement only made Indigo blush more.

"Now, let's get you out of these wet clothes, hm?"

Alice stood up, and gestured for Indigo to do the same.

She then began taking off Indigo's very wet pants.

Upon doing this, Alice noticed something. "Wow.. a little excited are we?"

Indigo looked down, at the small bump in her panties, quickly covering it up.

"Ah! I-it's not what you think!" She tried to explain frantically.

Alice kissed her. "Shhh, it's okay."

"Would I be right to say.. that you're... into this~?"

Indigo hesitated, before saying: "Um.. m-maybe."

This ones a bit shorter than usual. I kind of started, and then couldn't be bothered to fully finish it.

