Harry Potter and the Unacknowledged Trauma: A Redux

Author: secretomutsu

*000*2020-05-06 17:30

First things first: I'd like to thank everyone who followed this story the first time around! I'm sorry that it was abandoned for so long. I went inactive on the site, and then my old email that I used to sign up was deleted, and I lost my password... Anyhow, I'm back now, hopefully to finish this story for good.

This time around, I actually think that I'll be deviating a bit more from Harry Potter canon. While it's nice to follow the plot as normal as I can and insert bits here and there, I also want to make this my own story. I can't do that if I let JK Rowling hold the reins, right? At any rate, I hope you enjoy version 2.0 of Harry Potter and the Unacknowledged Trauma.

(Side note: the first few chapters will remain MOSTLY the same, although I did edit a several things to be a bit more accurate.)

OoOoO

Chapter One

OoOoO

On June 25, 1996, Harry Potter awoke in the hospital wing to a warm and wet bed. He was still groggy from the effects of the Dreamless Sleep potion he'd been given the night before, so he didn't immediately realize the condition he was in. He kept his eyes closed as he listened to the murmurs from familiar voices surrounding his bed—voices he recognized as belonging to Mrs. Weasley and Sirius. He didn' yet want to acknowledge his state of awareness, but something finally dawned on him.

He stifled a gasp as he recognized the sensation of emptying his bladder. Yes, Harry Potter was peeing himself in bed, with his godfather and surrogate mother just feet away. He would have clamped down on his muscles to stop what was happening, but he could tell he was nearly finished. Instead, he simply let his pee continue to flow until it slowed to a trickle and finally stopped.

He was baffled. Why had he we the bed? That hadn't happened to him in years. With his eyes still closed, and the voices around him still murmuring, he thought back to the time he had spent sleeping.

And he remembered everything. Apparently the potion hadn't fulfilled its promise of a dreamless sleep after all. As Harry's pajamas and bedding cooled down, he shuddered both from the chill and from remembering the nightmare he had awoken from.

"Kill the spare." The high, cold voice echoed through his head again.

His eyes flew open. He had relived the horrible moments when Cedric Diggory was murdered, followed by the aftermath of Voldemort's resurrection. He hadn't shown it much in the cemetery, but he had been more scared last night than he could ever remember feeling before. He only fought through it in an attempt to stay alive. But now that he was lying still, with no adrenaline rushing through his veins to preoccupy him, all he could do was think about the truly awful things he'd been through in the last day.

Harry must have made some kind of noise, for Mrs. Weasley and Sirius both turned to him with looks of deep concern on their faces. Harry pulled the blankets higher, pretending that he was cold in order to hide his accident from them.

"How are you feeling, Harry dear?" Mrs. Weasley asked.

"I've been better," he admitted with a wry grin, thinking only of how very wet he was in that moment.

"Harry, don't," Sirius said in a low voice. "Don't put on a front for our sakes."

He gulped and nodded. "Truthfully, I'd kind of like to be alone for a little while." He didn't say why.

Sirius and Mrs. Weasley both frowned, but obligingly stood up and left the hospital wing. Sirius looked back at him one final time, confusion etched on his face, before he let the door swing shut. As soon as it had clicked in the latch, Harry peered intently over at the place where the real Alastor Moody was resting. When he detected no movement from behind the curtain, he scrambled out of his clammy bedthings.

It was a bloody miracle that neither adult had noticed what happened. His pajama bottoms were soaked through. The sheets were practically transparent, they were so wet, and the mattress fared no better. The blanket also had a sizeable wet spot right about where his crotch was when he was laying down.

A mortifying thought occurred to him then: what if they had noticed, but were too polite to say anything? He couldn't stand the idea. Then again, if they had noticed, Mrs. Weasley would have insisted on staying and babying him.

He relaxed a tiny bit until something else crossed his mind. Merlin's saggy left tit, he didn't know any spells that could clean up this mess! How he wished he'd paid more attention in Charms class the day they learned cleaning spells.

With his cheeks growing redder by the second, a very soggy Harry Potter walked over to Madam Pomfrey's office. He knocked quietly, looking at his bare feet in shame while he waited for her to open the door.

When she did, he heard her cluck her tongue in sympathy before murmuring something indistinct. A warm feeling rushed over him from head to toe. Almost as soon as his pajamas had become wet, they were now dry and neatly pressed.

"You're not the first, dear," Madam Pomfrey said softly. "Dreamless Sleep often has this side effect because it makes the drinker sleep so deeply that they aren't aware of their body's needs. Don't fret; it's easily taken care of."

Harry huffed in relief. He hadn't wet the bed because of a nightmare, then. It was the potion that caused it to happen. He immediately determined to stay far away from any more Dreamless Sleep potion. He wasn't too keen on this happening again.

OoOoO

Harry was released from the hospital wing 24 hours after he'd first been admitted, and he spent the rest of the day wandering the halls aimlessly. Ron and Hermione tried to follow him, but he didn't want their company. He managed to duck into a secret passage they didn't know about, and they hadn't bothered him since. He was vaguely surprised to find his godfather—in Animagus form—in that secret passage. Sirius tilted his head and whined softly at him. Harry shrugged.

After that, he let Sirius accompany him in his wanderings. They shared a solemn but companionable silence. Harry kept his left hand firmly embedded in the soft fur of Sirius's neck; it provided him a sense of comfort that nothing else had since he'd returned to the graveyard. He returned to Gryffindor tower that evening and began packing his things, still stuck in a melancholy funk. It seemed like he'd never break out of the dark place he'd fallen into, but at that point, he didn't really care if he did or not.

The next night was the annual Leaving Feast. Most of the students were subdued, and the chatter in the Great Hall was muffled. Harry sat between Ron and Hermione, moodily staring at the food on his plate but not eating anything. He only turned his attention elsewhere when Dumbledore stood up and began his speech. To say Harry was surprised that Dumbledore told them the story of how Cedric died would be a massive understatement. He clenched his teeth and stared at his goblet of pumpkin juice, fighting the feeling of hysteria that was rising in his throat. All he wanted was to escape the stares and whispers that were aimed his way.

He was relieved beyond words when the students were excused to bed. He was the first one out of the Great Hall, and he sprinted the entire way back to the dormitory. Tears were streaming down his face, and he didn't want anyone to see him like that. Once he reached his bed, he yanked the curtains shut and curled up in the fetal position beneath his duvet.

A few minutes later, he heard Ron enter the room.

"Harry?"

"Go away," Harry muttered.

"I'm here if you need to talk," Ron persisted. "Hermione's worried too, just so you know."

Harry rolled over, refusing to respond to his best friend. Soon enough, he had drifted off to sleep.

He had yet another nightmare about Cedric's death, likely brought on by Dumbledore discussing at length at dinner. He sat straight up in bed with a muffled yell and realized almost immediately that he was peeing agin. He buried his face in his hands miserably, too distraught over the fact that he was wetting the bed again to try and stop it.

He'd never be able to hide this accident. He hadn't bothered to ask Madam Pomfrey for that spell because he'd been so sure he wouldn't have a problem again. But now that he had—or rather, was still having—he didn't know what he would do.

He sat there in his expanding puddle of pee, feeling helpless and despondent. He was going to have to admit to someone what was happening. Wetting the bed clearly wasn't going to be a one-off like he'd initially believed.

Harry's cooling pee was soaking into his mattress before it even occurred to him how normal messes at Hogwarts were cleaned up. He straightened up, then whispered as loud as he dared for Dobby to come to his aid.

A quiet pop announced the house-elf's arrival. "What can Dobby do for Harry Potter?" the elf squeaked.

"Er, Dobby, I seem to have..." Harry trailed off, too embarrassed to continue. Instead, he gestured at his lap, which was just as thoroughly drenched as the first time he'd wet the bed.

"Dobby understands, sir. Dobby is happy to help Harry Potter."

"Dobby, don't tell anyone, please?" Harry begged. "I don't want anyone to know what happened."

Dobby nodded. "Dobby will not say a word."

Harry sighed in relief again as his favorite little house-elf began to clean up the mess. Silently, Dobby indicated that he should get out of bed. He did so, and stood beside his bed, dripping pee onto the floor and shivering uncontrollably. Dobby removed the sheets and bedspread, then snapped his fingers. The soiled bedding disappeared. Dobby snapped his fingers again, and Harry's mattress was instantly dry. With a final snap of his fingers, Dobby had remade the bed. Harry noticed that he'd even included a fresh pair of pajamas lying on his pillow.

"Thank you, Dobby," he whispered. "Don't know what I'd have done without you."

The house-elf smiled brightly. "Dobby thinks Harry Potter should take a bath to help him relax. Dobby thinks that it will help Harry Potter feel better."

Harry nodded. "Yeah, I will. Thanks again."

He gathered up his clean pajamas and briefs, then made his way to the en suite bathroom. He turned the shower on full heat, then stripped off his wet pajamas. As he stepped into the shower, he saw his wet clothes disappear—likely Dobby's doing. Harry smiled a little at Dobby's help, then sighed miserably. He was going to have to figure out a way to handle his new bedwetting problem when he was back with the Dursleys, for they surely would be merciless if they ever found out.

*001*2020-05-09 16:58

Well, gotta keep the story from getting lost. Here's chapter two. Hope you enjoy!

OoOoO

Chapter Two

OoOoO

The next afternoon, Harry was sequestered inside a compartment on the Hogwarts Express with Ron and Hermione. He had just been to see the Weasley twins and had given them his winnings from the Triwizard Tournament. Godric knew he didn't want the money (nor did he need it), and Cedric's parents refused to take it. He figured Fred and George should have it instead.

But once he got back to the compartment and sat down, exhaustion set in. After his accident last night, he hadn't been able to fall back to sleep. He was actually kind of afraid to. What if he had that same nightmare and wet the bed again? He didn't think he could bear the shame of calling for Dobby twice in one night.

Harry bought a bunch of sugary treats from the trolley when it came around, but the candy was doing nothing to help him stay awake. He yawned constantly and felt the urge to rub his eyes like a toddler fighting nap time. But he was fourteen, for Merlin's sake, and he could bloody well act like it! He wouldn't fall asleep, and he certainly wouldn't wet himself in front of his friends.

"Harry, you look awful," Hermione said gently. "You really should get some rest."

"I'm fine," he responded gruffly. "Don't want to sleep."

Hermione pursed her lips. "Well, why not?"

"Just because, Hermione. Please drop it." Harry turned his head to look out the window.

The compartment lapsed back into a sad, tense silence. Harry continued to watch the scenery flash past the window, lost in thought. And before he knew it, he was nodding off.

"Kill the spare."

"Avada Kedavra!"

Harry stared into Cedric's open, lifeless eyes. Everything had happened so fast; how would he explain this to everyone when he got back?

He was heaved roughly to his feet by a short, squat man, and promptly dragged over to a tombstone. The man shoved him against it, then conjured ropes from his wand that tied Harry to it so tightly that he could hardly breathe. At one point, though, as the man hit him in the struggle, he realized who was hidden under the cloak: Wormtail.

"You!" Harry gasped in fury.

Wormtail ignored Harry and stuffed a cloth into his mouth so that he could not speak. Wormtail then resumed his task. A few moments later, he pushed a giant cauldron into the space in front of Harry.

A bright flash of green light blinded him, and suddenly a tall man stood before him where the cauldron had once been.

"Robe me."

Wormtail scurried forward and helped the man into a robe. The man turned his head and stared straight at Harry. The horrifying red eyes were the only thing Harry needed to see to know who this man was, though he had known it from the moment he recognized Wormtail. Lord Voldemort was back from the dead.

The green light flashed again, and Harry had been released from his bindings. He stood across a small clearing from Voldemort, clutching his wand desperately.

"You have been taught how to duel, Harry Potter?"

Harry gulped.

"We bow to each other, Harry."

A heavy, invisible force pressed Harry into a bowed position against his will. He glared at Voldemort as the weight was lifted, but didn't say anything—for what could he say?

"Crucio!"

Harry banged his head against the window as he jolted back to awareness. He raised a hand to the throbbing bruise on his scalp, and it was then that he realized he was peeing his pants. For the briefest moment, he simply allowed himself to pee the way he had when he'd wet the bed.

But then he realized what he was doing.

He clenched his muscles tightly and managed to stop the flow. Carefully, Harry glanced at his lap to examine the damage he'd done to his jeans. He sighed in relief. Though he felt positively drenched, there wasn't a visible wet spot on his lap. He sat up a little straighter, only to feel that all of his pee had pooled in the seat of his trousers. Well, at least he'd be able to hide that for now. He would just have to stay in his seat for the rest of the ride home and hope that his jeans dried before he had to get off the train. He didn't know what he'd say if they were still wet, but he had several hours still to come up with an excuse.

"Harry, are you all right?" Hermione asked.

He slowly nodded. "Nightmare."

Her face scrunched in sympathy. "I'm sorry; I should've known."

"It's okay," he muttered.

"Do you want to talk about it?" Ron asked.

Harry shook his head, a dull expression on his face. "Even a Dreamless Sleep Potion didn't stop the nightmares. I don't think talking about them will, either."

"Wish you could come straight to my place this summer," Ron lamented.

"I wish there was some sort of news about You-Know-Who," Hermione added.

"I wish I could sleep again," Harry complained.

"You win, mate," Ron said with a small grin.

The three friends burst into laughter.

Harry soon relaxed, nearly forgetting about his wet pants. The only thing that prevented it from leaving his mind entirely was the fact that the material was chafing where it met his skin. Wet jeans were extremely uncomfortable. After an hour or so of sitting there like that, he could hardly sit still with the discomfort he was feeling.

Maybe I could just pee a little more to warm myself up, he thought. As he contemplated this, he even began to relax his bladder muscles in preparation.

He started and clenched his muscles again when he realized just what it was he had considered doing. Harry Potter was many things, but he was not a purposeful pants-wetter. He took a deep breath, because he knew he needed to ask Hermione if she knew that cleaning spell Madam Pomfrey had used on him a few days ago.

"'Mione, do you know any cleaning spells?"

She frowned at him. "Of course, Harry. Why do you ask?"

"Just curious, I guess," he mumbled, shrugging.

"Okay," she said slowly, clearly suspicious of him.

"What are they?" he persisted.

With a frown, she said, "Well, there's Scourgify, which is the most commonly used one, although it only works on solid messes. Tergeo is the spell to clean spilled liquids."

Harry nodded, pretending to be very interested. "I didn't realize there were so many."

"Yeah. There are dozens of them, but those are the two we eventually learn while in school. The other spells sanitize things more, and are really only used at St. Mungo's." Hermione watched him curiously. "Seriously, Harry. Why are you asking?"

He gulped. "I—er—I was thinking maybe I could use them when the Dursleys ask me to clean the house, so I could get it done faster," he lied, thinking quickly.

"Harry, you know you can't do that," Hermione chastised him. "Underage magic is against the law, and you don't need to be getting yourself into trouble like that."

"I suppose you're right," he said dejectedly. He was glad she had bought his cover story, though.

Ron, who had been staring oddly at Harry since the conversation had begun, cleared his throat. "Are you sure nothing's wrong?" he asked carefully.

"I'm fine!" Harry snapped. Though he had briefly considered confiding in his friends about his problem, he ultimately decided he didn't want them to know. They would be disgusted with him.

"Okay, I'm sorry," Ron said, holding up his hands in surrender. "I didn't mean to make you mad."

Harry sighed. "No, I'm sorry. I'm not mad, at least not at you guys. Everything just feels so...wrong."

"I wish there was something I could do to help," Hermione said softly.

"Same," Ron agreed.

"Thanks."

Once again, they stopped talking. Harry began shivering from the chill of his wet trousers. The urge to re-wet them just a little bit returned once more, but this time he indulged the tiniest bit. He relaxed and peed slowly for five seconds—long enough to warm up his jeans, but not so long that he would get a wet spot on his crotch. He sighed as his hot urine soaked through his briefs and warmed him up. It felt so good that he almost let himself do it again. But he knew that if he did, it was quite possible that pee would start running over the edge of the seat. That would be a dead giveaway. Besides, they were nearly to King's Cross. He'd just have to convince his friends that he needed a moment alone before leaving the train, and then he'd quickly change his briefs and jeans. Yes, that was what he would have to do, else he risk everyone in school and all of their parents finding out he was apparently a pants-wetting baby.

And, he conceded, Hermione was right. Using magic outside of school would get him in serious trouble, and he didn't need that kind of stress. He was just going to have to find another way to deal with his nighttime wettings once he was back with the Dursleys.

*003*2020-05-11 00:44

{{18 hours ago, crashdriver said:

I'm glad to see this story coming back. The original had strong promise and I'm eager to see where you are going to take this one. Hopefully we will get to see Hermione and/or Tonks diapered alongside Harry either for their own bladder control issues or in an attempt to make Harry feel better.

}}

I don't think I'll be diapering any other characters, honestly. This story really is meant to be about Harry's journey. I've actually been wondering if I should stick this in the omutsu fanfiction tab. 0.0

*004*2020-05-11 01:13

On a side note, I thought I'd add the fun little cover I came up with for the story.

The overall picture is made up of 3 different pictures edited and merged together (courtesy of GIMP). I'm not sure who the original artists of any of the pieces were, really, but the credit doesn't go to me for the excellent artwork. I simply put the diaper on Harry. I did add the words, though.

$$

*005*2020-05-12 00:42

Not sure if anyone is reading this, but I still want to share. So, here comes chapter three!

OoOoO

Chapter Three

OoOoO

About half an hour before they were due to arrive at Platform 9 ¾, Draco Malfoy and his stupid thugs dropped by to pay a visit. Hermione had just finished telling Harry and Ron about how she caught Rita Skeeter when the compartment door slid open.

"Very clever, Granger," Malfoy sneered. "So you caught some pathetic reporter, and Potter's Dumbledore's favorite boy again. Big deal."

Harry, Ron, and Hermione stayed silent, glaring at Malfoy.

He smirked maliciously at them. "Trying not to think about it, are we?" he gloated. "Trying to pretend it hasn't happened?"

For a split second, Harry thought Malfoy was referring to, well, any of the times he'd peed his pants in the past few days. But how could Malfoy possibly know?

"You've picked the losing side, Potter!" Malfoy said angrily. "I warned you! I told you you ought to choose your company more carefully, remember? When we met on the train, first day at Hogwarts? I told you not to hang around with riffraff like this!" He pointed at Ron and Hermione. "Too late now, Potter! They'll be the first to go, now the Dark Lord's back! Mudbloods and Muggle-lovers first! Well, second. Diggory was the f—"

As soon as Malfoy uttered Cedric's name, Harry jumped to his feet, completely forgetting about his wet pants. "Furnunculus!" he roared.

Simultaneously, Ron and Hermione had also stood up and cast their own curses. Harry looked around after all of the spells had sizzled down. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were unconscious in the doorway of the compartment. Fred and George stood just beyond them in the corridor.

"Thought we'd see what those three were up to," Fred announced, using Goyle as a doormat and entering the compartment.

"Interesting effect," George added, stepping hard on Malfoy's crotch as he, too, came inside. "Who used the Furnunculus Curse?"

"Me," Harry admitted.

"Odd," George said aloofly. "I used Jelly-Legs. Looks as though those two shouldn't be mixed. He seems to have sprouted little tentacles all over his face. Well, let's not leave them here. They don't add much to the decor."

Ron and George each started shoving one of the unconscious boys out of the compartment and into the corridor. Harry was worried about following suit, having suddenly remembered his wet jeans. He subtly reached his hand back and felt his backside. While his pants were still damp, they felt as though they'd dried out enough to be less noticeable. Harry carefully moved forward to kick Malfoy out of the compartment as well, making sure to be done quicker than the other two boys and returning to his seat as fast as possible. He looked around at his friends and was relieved to see that none of them were looking at him strangely. He knew they would be if they had noticed his wet pants. The group settled in and began playing Exploding Snap. Soon the small space was filled with laughter, and the rest of the journey passed by rather quickly.

The Hogwarts Express pulled into the station precisely at 8 PM. Fred and George had excused themselves a few minutes prior to fetch their belongings, so as the brakes squealed and the train slowed, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were left alone in the compartment. When the train finally shuddered to a stop, Ron and Hermione immediately began making sure all of their belongings were collected, then hauled their trunks off of the luggage racks. They both stopped and looked at Harry when they realized he wasn't moving to do the same.

"Harry? Are you coming?" Hermione asked.

He nodded. "You guys go ahead, though. I need a minute alone before I face the Dursleys."

"Don't stay here too long, mate," Ron cautioned. "Don't want the train to take you back to Hogwarts."

Harry smirked at him. "Maybe that wouldn't be so bad."

His friends left the compartment chuckling—struggling to move past Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle—and closed the door behind them. Harry immediately shoved his hands into his crotch and bounced up and down in his seat. Over the course of the last hour, Harry had grown desperate for a piss. All the sugary drinks he'd consumed earlier had gone through his body, and his bladder was strained. He hadn't gotten up to use the train's bathroom because he was still worried his pants were too wet from his earlier accident, and he didn't want his friends to see. Now that he was alone, though, Harry wasn't sure he'd make it to a restroom.

He rocked back and forth, worrying about what to do. He could feel the pee just waiting for his permission to flow, and he was certain his body would let go without it soon enough. He so desperately didn't want to be in this predicament. He was old enough to know better, for Godric's sake.

But after a moment of deliberation, Harry slowly got to his feet. The movement jostled his bladder, and a spurt of pee shot into his briefs. He clenched down on his muscles as hard as he could and shuffled to the compartment door, both of his hands squeezing his member to death. Another longer stream of pee escaped, making his fingers wet. He knew he'd never make it to a bathroom at this rate. He'd accepted the impending accident. He reached out with one hand, losing another spurt of pee in the process, and locked the compartment door. Then he pulled down the blind. For what was about to happen, he wanted no witnesses, especially Malfoy and his goons. He couldn't bear to think about what might happen if they were to wake while he was...busy.

Slowly, Harry shuffled back over to his seat and sat down. He leaned over, groaning at the pressure this put on his bladder, and removed his shoes. He only had the one pair—he couldn't afford to ruin them with his piss. He set them on the seat across from him, then gingerly sat up straight. He wanted to fight the accident, he really did, but someone could come looking for him at any moment. With resignation, he leaned back and relaxed.

Pee quickly re-wet his briefs. This time, the fabric wicked even more of the moisture until Harry could feel the wetness at his waistband. His pee soon soaked through the crotch of his pants and began running down his thighs in streams. His jeans grew wetter with each passing second, and soon he was drenched to his knees.

Harry was glad he'd had the foresight to remove his shoes as his pee began streaming down his calves and soaking into his socks before dripping onto the floor. He felt like he peed for another minute before his stream finally slowed. He pushed the last few spurts out, then sat there panting for a moment. He was glad he no longer needed to piss, but he was even more disgusted at himself for what he'd just done.

He shuddered in horror before getting back to his feet. There was pee everywhere! He had left what he dubbed a small lake in his seat, and his pants were still dripping copious amounts of urine onto the floor. There was nothing to be done about it, he determined. And because he was still on the train, the magic couldn't be linked to him, so he hurriedly fished his wand out of his trunk.

"Tergeo," he said firmly, waving his wand randomly.

Nothing happened.

Harry suspected that this was because he didn't know the proper wand movement to accompany the spell. He sighed. He was just going to have to clean up the old-fashioned way and hope nobody noticed the leftovers. He hauled his trunk off the luggage rack and opened it up. He tossed his wand back inside, then fished out a clean pair of jeans and briefs. Once he'd set those aside with fresh socks (and his shoes), Harry peeled off his wet clothes and used them as best he could to soak up the puddle in his seat.

When that still wasn't enough, he pulled out an old jumper he'd inherited from Dudley and cleaned up the rest. He used one of the sleeves that was still relatively clean to dry himself off. He hated the lingering smell of pee on his body, but still pulled on his clean clothes and shoes. He wrapped his drenched pants, briefs, socks, and jumper inside of his winter cloak to keep them from leaking all over the rest of his belongings, then shut the lid. He locked it for good measure, just in case anyone tried to get in.

Then he dragged his trunk out of the compartment, sighing in relief when he saw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle still unconscious in the corridor. He made sure to run Malfoy over with his trunk as he exited the train.

"There you are," Mrs. Weasley said loudly when she spotted him. "Is everything all right? Where were you?"

"I'm fine, Mrs. Weasley," Harry replied. On a whim, he decided to tell the truth. "I just needed to use the bathroom." Well, part of the truth, anyway.

"Oh, good. I was so worried," she huffed in relief. "I don't know how I'm supposed to let you out of my sight after what happened, dear."

He smiled sadly. "I'll write every week, I promise."

"I suppose that will have to do for now," Mrs. Weasley acquiesced. "But I will be writing to Dumbledore until he lets you come stay with us. I do think he will let you come to us later in the summer."

"I appreciate that, Mrs. Weasley."

"Well, I suppose it's time to say our goodbyes, isn't it?" she asked, somewhat tearful.

"See you, Harry," Ron said, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder.

"Bye, Harry," Hermione said, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek.

"Harry, thanks," George murmured in his ear. Fred was nodding enthusiastically on Harry's other side.

Harry grinned at his delighted friends, glad that his prize money was able to do some good. Then he turned and strode through the barrier with his friends right behind him. Uncle Vernon was waiting—sulking—closer to Platform 8 than where Harry stood. With a final wave to his friends, Harry followed his uncle to the car.

Throughout the long ride back to Privet Drive, Harry worried and wondered about how he would handle his newfound problem. First, and most important, he would never again pee his pants on purpose like he had back on the train. That simply wasn't worth the effort of the cleanup. But beyond that, he was at a loss. Maybe he would have to try to use magic anyway, hoping that he didn't get caught. Either way, he'd figure it out. And it was still worth hoping that he might not wet the bed anymore, fragile though that hope may be.

*007*2020-05-13 01:22

{{3 hours ago, Shadowdevil said:

I read the old thread of this, while I'll love to read more I feel like I already read these chapters. I'll love a new chapter to read!!

}}

Yeah, these chapters are from the old story, but there have been changes to them as well. Things are going to be much different from the original soon.

*009*2020-05-13 19:07

I'm glad there's a bit of hype for the story now. Let's go ahead with chapter four.

OoOoO

Chapter Four

OoOoO

Harry stayed up extra late that night, hoping if he went to the bathroom before falling asleep, he would be unable to wet the bed. It was sure to work, he just knew it. So he paced his room for hours, till his eyes were drooping and his feet were dragging. It was 2 AM when he finally decided it was time for a piss.

He quietly opened his door and tiptoed down the hallway to the bathroom. He closed the door and locked it, but didn't turn on the light for fear of waking his aunt and uncle. He inched his way over to the toilet, feeling blindly with his hands outstretched. When he reached it, he pulled down his pajama pants and briefs, then sat on the toilet—this way he wouldn't have to worry about aim. He held his member downward and relaxed. He began to pee, but it was only a small trickle that lasted a few seconds. Harry had been hoping his bladder would be fuller by now. He sat on the toilet for another five minutes, just in case more urine had developed, but he eventually deemed his attempt a failure and stood up. He flushed, washed his hands, and went back to his room dejectedly.

Hedwig hooted softly at him as he closed his bedroom door.

"I don't know what to do, Hedwig," Harry whispered. "What if I wet the bed again tonight? I'm fourteen years old—I shouldn't have to worry about this.

He shook his head sadly and climbed into bed. He was just going to have to hope for the best.

OoOoO

Harry awoke to his aunt angrily pounding on his bedroom door the next morning.

"Get out of bed this instant!" she called. "You're supposed to be making breakfast!"

He groaned and rolled over. As he did, he made contact with something soggy. His eyes widened in horror, and he sat bold upright to stare at his lap.

"Not again," he whimpered.

"Now!" Aunt Petunia shouted.

"I'll be right down," Harry answered, trying to hide the panic in his voice.

He wasn't as soaked as he'd been the past few times he'd peed himself, and luckily his mattress had been spared because the bedspread had become bunched up underneath him. But he was still mortified with himself. How was he going to take care of this mess without making it painfully obvious what had happened? Harry sighed, resigning himself to the fact that he would have to ask to do laundry today.

He stripped his bed and rolled everything into a ball, which he stashed in the closet. Hopefully the room wouldn't begin to smell before he got the chance to clean more thoroughly. When he was done with that, he looked around his room desperately for something he could use to clean himself up. He hadn't showered last night, and now that he was covered in pee again, he knew he had to do something. Aunt Petunia wasn't patient; he didn't have time for a shower right now, so he was going to have to improvise.

Harry's gaze landed on his desk next to Hedwig's cage. He had procured a bottle of hand sanitizer to use after he cleaned out his owl's cage, and he snatched it up quickly. This was going to be his saving grace. He stripped off his wet pajamas and briefs, tossed them on top of his pile of bedding in the closet, then wrenched an old shirt off of a hanger. He then pumped as much hand sanitizer into his hands as he could without it dripping off his palms and began rubbing it up and down his legs. When he felt mostly satisfied, he wiped the excess off with the old shirt. Then he repeated the process on the rest of his body.

As he dressed for the day, he again tried to think of a way to fix his problem, or at least be able to clean up afterward. He knew Hermione was right about using magic outside of school. As much as he wanted to try and learn one of those cleaning spells she'd mentioned, it just wasn't feasible. Instead, he thought maybe he could find a potion to brew in the middle of the night. There had to be something to help bedwetters in the Wizarding world, right?

OoOoO

He was serving the bacon when he finally worked up the courage to ask his aunt, "Can I do some laundry later?"

His aunt and uncle both glared at him. Dudley snickered behind his hand, making Harry worry that his cousin knew he had wet the bed.

"The laundry needs doing anyway," Petunia sniffed. "But you'll do ours before you do yours, understood?"

Harry internally sighed with relief that she wasn't going to put up a fight. "Yes, Aunt Petunia. Should I start right away?"

Sh nodded briskly, then turned her attention to her husband and son. Since Harry was done making breakfast, he quickly grabbed a piece of toast and a slice of bacon, then went to gather the household's laundry. He was already in a much better place, knowing he would be able to clean up his accident without anyone knowing.

Harry loaded up several baskets full of dirty clothes, sheets, and towels, then carried them to the laundry room. He sorted things by color—just the way Aunt Petunia liked—and started the first load. Once that was done, he ran back upstairs to get his things arranged. He had a large rucksack that he had been given to put his laundry in. It was partially filled with clothes long-since forgotten. He dumped those things out, then unlocked his trunk and pulled out his wet clothes from yesterday. He shoved those into his bag, then made sure to check everything else in his trunk thoroughly for any damage from his wetting. Fortunately, it all appeared to be fine. Still, Harry put most of his clothes from his trunk into his laundry bag to be on the safe side. Lastly, he placed his pajamas from last night in the bag, then stacked it beside his bedding. Now all he had to do was wait his turn. In the meantime, he was going to take a long, hot shower and try to forget about his problem.

By the end of the day, Harry had completed everyone's laundry but his own. His aunt, uncle, and cousin had already retired to bed, so he was left alone to clean up his things. That was a great blessing, because nobody would be around to potentially see or smell his laundry. He hauled his things down to the laundry room with his potions textbook tucked underneath his arm. He might as well begin his research while he waited for his laundry to be done.

Harry scoured each chapter of his textbook for some hint of a potion to cure bedwetting, but nothing was forthcoming. He sighed in frustration, then got up to switch his laundry around. He went back to his room and swapped out his fourth-year textbook for the one from last year. Maybe the potion he needed was mentioned in an older textbook. He'd certainly look, anyway.

His laundry was done an hour later, and he still hadn't found anything useful. With a defeated sigh, he carried his things back to his room, made his bed, and went to sleep. Maybe he'd have more luck tomorrow.

OoOoO

Harry could have whooped with joy when he awoke to a dry bed the next morning. He spent the entire day reading through his old potions textbooks for anything that might help him. But again, he didn't find anything he could use. Well, if there wasn't anything in his old books, perhaps there would be in his fifth-year text.

He sent Hedwig to Flourish & Blotts with a small bag of Galleons and a note requesting the required fifth-year potions textbook the next morning, after nearly throwing a party for himself for staying dry the second night in a row. Maybe he was going to break his bedwetting problem without the assistance of magic. A boy could dream.

The day after that, he woke up dry once again. Harry was in such a good mood throughout the day that his aunt and uncle kept throwing him strange looks. He ignored them except to do the chores they gave him. That night when he was getting ready for bed, Hedwig returned with his new book. He set it on his nightstand with a cheerful smile, thinking that maybe, just maybe, he wouldn't need to find a potion after all.

His lucky streak ended around 3 AM when he had another nightmare about Voldemort. This time it was a repeat of the dream he'd had last summer before returning to school—the one where he'd seen Voldemort kill the old man. Harry jolted awake at the flash of green light that ended the old man's life. His heart was pounding, and he thought he could feel it pulsing in every part of his body.

Slowly, it dawned upon him that another part of his body was pulsing, but not with his heartbeat. He slumped in defeat against his pillows as he peed himself again. What was even the point of trying to stop once he'd started? So he just peed all over himself and the bed, this time well aware that hew as getting pee on his mattress, too. He was so disheartened that he even considered just going back to sleep in his puddle of urine.

But Harry knew he'd soon be uncomfortable after he finished his pee, so he prepared himself once more to clean up a mess. Since it was still very early, he actually stood a chance of doing some laundry before the Dursleys woke up. His pee finally slowed to a dribble after what felt like five minutes. He pushed the last few drops out, making sure his bladder was completely empty, then climbed out of bed and stripped off the bedding for the second time in a week. He tiptoed out of his room and downstairs to the laundry room, still wearing his drenched pajamas. Once there, he shoved everything inside of the washing machine, then peeled off his wet clothes and added those too.

Harry stood there shivering as he started the washing machine. Then he grabbed a towel and went into the downstairs bathroom to take a shower while he waited for his laundry. For a long while, he sat on the floor of the shower, fighting the urge to cry. But he soon swallowed his self-pity and cleaned up. When he was finished, he wrapped the towel around his waist and went to move his laundry to the dryer.

After that, he returned to his bedroom to put on clean pajamas and grab his new textbook.

He sat on the floor of the laundry room, taking comfort in the rumbling of the dryer while he carefully read through the table of contents. There wasn't anything that specifically mentioned potions for bedwetters, but Harry wasn't going to give up. He was through hoping that the problem would just go away, too. It was time to get in front of this train wreck and find a solution.

Harry slowly read through a chapter titled "Common Potions for Household Use." There were potions to heal injuries, potions to help weed a garden, potions to clean brooms, and even potions to make food taste better. But nothing was mentioned about a potion for people with bladder problems. In despair, he realized there might not be such a potion after all. He supposed he could try inventing one, but with how bad he was in Snape's classes, that wasn't bound to go well.

What was he going to do now?

*012*2020-11-15 00:11

Hey all,

Sorry I've been awol the last little while. I had some stuff come up irl that kept me from the community here. In addition to that, I lost the file where I was writing this story! I'll get around to rewriting some of it, but in the meantime I beg for your patience.

