Heat in White

Author: sleeping_cat01

*000*2019-10-17 09:05

I open my eyes. As the world begins to fade in, I look around. Morning light pours in through the window, lighting up the white room. The bed, the walls, the ceiling, everything is bright white. As I keep lying in the bed, I turn to face left. The face of a sleeping goddess fills my vision. Shimmering silver hair, soft skin, she really is beautiful, and when she is awake, she really treats me right. She loves me and I love her.

Am I getting too caught up in her beauty? My vision is already sharp, so I know I am awake. Yet, my body feels heavy. What would I do, other than admire her captivating face? The contrast given by the surrounding whiteness makes this a unique moment, the best chance. The previous numbness fades away, and I can feel the softness of the sheets and the warmth emanating from my body and hers. There is more. Slowly I become aware of a fullness, a pressure in my abdomen. It is warm, intense, and it is urging me to get up, but I stay put. I need to experience this.

Suddenly, she shifts, and opens her eyes slowly, as only can people who have just woken up.

'Good morning,' she mumbles, and I reply in kind.

'Morning.'

Then, silence. No words. She begins to pet my right side like she would a dog or a cat. Her hand strays on to my abdomen, making me tense. She smirks. She knows. She likes this.

'Relax.'

Her words echo around in my head. Without a warning there are two hands situated right by my very full bladder.

'Don't do it, babe, please. I'll lose control,' I whisper, embarrassed about the thought.

Her smirk turns into a grin.

She begins applying pressure. My whole body tenses up, and I can feel my heartbeat everywhere in my body. I feel like a pulsating balloon getting squished, but also hot beyond belief. My face must be bright red. The pressure is driving me mad. I am squirming, panting, maybe moaning a bit. With two echoing words, she relieves the pressure:

'Let go.'

With a loud hiss, my bladder begins emptying itself forcefully. Everything is saturated in pure heat. Mesmerised, I silently submit to the relief. The heat fills my mind. I feel nothing else. My eyes close, and I let out a sigh of relaxation as the hissing stream slowly gives way to a deafening silence. I struggle to think, but finally manage to speak,

'T-the mattress.'

She brings her finger to her lips, winks, and then gets up. She grabs me by the hand and pulls me out of bed and onto my feet.

'It's okay. Let's just put the sheets in the wash and take a shower,' she answers.

And then I wake up.

I open my eyes, and look around. Pale sunlight percolates through dusty blinds, painting the white walls only a sickly gray tone, tasteless and depressing. My eyes wander around the room, searching for anything to hold on to, but find nothing. There's nobody here. Why does it always have to be like that?

