Sarah's Sweethearts - A Sorority Friendly Sadism Fiction

Author: SadisticSwitch

*000*2021-08-09 21:14

So this is my first story, and I am open to continue it in a top-down or interactive manner, depending if anyone wants it. I would love to get some feedback and hope you enjoy it!

###

Sarah was tall and very well liked, having a super-rich and well-connected family certainly didn't hurt. She had a clique of women who got whatever they wanted, but had to act totally submissive to her wishes... which could sometimes be humiliating, degrading, or simply random.

The interesting thing about Sarah's Sweethearts is that you couldn't apply to join: they would approach you and tell you what to do, and if you listened and did as asked, there was a high chance you could become one with them, and be able to go on expensive vacations paid by Sarah with the rest of the girls.

The university was a sprawling campus that also had a main hall with many auditoriums. On the day in question, Sarah was roaming with a few of her minions looking at the lines of students waiting to be let into exams. She thought it might be funny to check the bathrooms, where she found a reasonably long line in front of the women's room.

Sarah looked at the line of women and conferred with her entourage, deciding to approach a beautiful red-headed girl, named June, slightly holding herself, biting her lower lip, and squirming as she waited. Sarah approached with her friends and introduced herself with a request:

"Hey, I'm Sarah and these are my Sweethearts, and if you want to be one of us, I suggest you get out of line and take this bottle of water."

June nodded and got out of line, adding "I'm June, and I would love to join but I have a test in about 10 minutes though, and it would be nice to go to the bathroom...especially if you want me to drink this because," at which point Sarah interrupted her and said "oh you won't be needing a bathroom today, we have an extra pair of pants for you later if you can't keep your pants dry," she laughed, and added "also you'll need to let us know what auditorium and what time, we will pick you up when you leave."

June bit her lip, nodded, and opened the 0.5 liter water bottle and started to drink between telling them where she would be and when. The girls nodded, and Sarah brought June to her test, and waited with the girls outside of the room. Sarah turned to Laura, one of her entourage, and said "now we wait, drink some coffee, and if she leaves to go the bathroom she's out, and if she comes out withe dry pants then I forsee another bottle and jog her in near future," to which they all laughed and started dealing cards to pass the time.

June had decided the best solution was simply to focus on the test and ignore her bladder. The pressure started to distract her, and she considered getting up, but she really wanted to join Sarah’s Sweethearts so she released a few seconds of pee into her pants. The warmth spread immediately around June’s crotch and she instinctively pulled her knees together and looked down to survey the damage: an orange sized wet patch on her crotch and surely more on her ass. Her face turned red and she took a few seconds to swallow that she had just peed her pants in a room full of her peers, and would need to sit like this for the rest of the test even though she still really had to pee. She concentrated on the test and left without making further mess, to be greeted by the grinning sweethearts outside.

June blushed and went over the group, Sarah asked if she still needed to pee and June said yes, to which Sarah replied “then finish in your pants” and June breathed in, looked down for a second, and looked up as the insides of jeans legs grew wet until just a small strip on the outside of each leg remained dry. Sarah and the group laughed and cheered, then they invited June back to their sorority. Sarah added “you can have two brand new pairs of high price jeans for every pair you piss in, don’t worry about it,” which relaxed June who agreed to follow them back to the sorority.

At the sorority June was given a brand new outfit with tightfitting gray yoga leggings. The girls talked for a few hours sipping on drinks until June asked if she could go to the bathroom, to which Sarah replied “No, sweety, this is a piss pants party for you!”

June blushed at the statement, and Sarah smiled and continued “Every time someone here says the words wet, drink, or bathroom you have to pee 1 second in your leggings, and every time someone says June, sip, full or empty, you have to take a big sip of beer. How does that sound sweety?”

June looked at the faces of the girls smiling at her with anticipation of what was to come, then looked at Sarah and replied: “That sounds fine, give me a beer,” to which the whole group cheered and Sarah went over to put on more vibrant music.

June proceeded to one of Sarah’s friends, Tessa, who was drinking in the corner with Veronica. They greeted her warmly, with Tessa then saying “Your drink looks kinda empty, should I get you a full beer?” and smirked as June maintained eye contact with Tessa as she peed for one second and took two gulps of beer, before replying, with a very tiny wet patch on her crotch “Yes, it seems like I may slowly need a new beer” to which Veronica replied “It’s nice to have you here, you’re being a really good sport, I’ll go get you a full drink” and both June and Veronica smiled at each other as June peed another second in her yoga pants, now creating a thumb sized wet patch. Veronica left to go June a new beer, as Tessa stayed, smirked at June and said “It’s so early and you’re already so wet, how do you think tonight is going so far? And giggled a little.

June peed for another second, with the wet patch now very much visible, albeit small, and starting to expand onto the inside of her leg. June was kind of embarrassed being around so many other women and slowly peeing in her pants based on their commands. Still, she kind of enjoyed the attention and unwaivering acceptance accompanied with her bladder submission. She decided her crotch was wet enough for that second and went to find Veronica.

Veronica was across the room at the drink table, and June was on her way there when a black skinned girl , Gabby, with an Afro stopped her, a group of other women standing with her, and said “I may be one of few black women in this group, but I welcome you June. As a redhead, you’re kind of a minority too, so I hope you have been getting enough to drink, that you cup stays full, and not empty, and that you don’t mind being a little wet” She smiled, and put her hand on June’s shoulder as June pissed two seconds into her yoga pants, now with a wet patch the size of an orange, and took two big gulps of beer, with her first bottle slowly getting to empty.

June continued, self-conscious about her now sizeable wet patch, to Veronica where she asked “Hey Veronica, I need a new beer, and I wanted to know where I should put the empty?” to which Veronica smiled and replied “Hey June, glad you came to find me because I got caught up talking to Larissa, but I have your full drink here” and Veronica winked, and June smiled slightly as she peed another second into her leggings and took the last sip of her old beer, and then repeated “what about the empties” to which Veronica replied “let me take care of that, take your new drink.” The girls swapped glasses, Veronica waited a second to watch June wet herself for another second.

June followed Veronica, taking a drink of water she had brought with her in a water bottle to make sure she didn’t get too drunk. Her pants were wet but she still had to pee, but it was all fine: she could pee her pants on her own if it got really bad. June decided to needed to ask Sarah about when she gets to change, and told Veronica she’d see her soon and set off back to the main room from the staircase Veronica was going down, and found Sarah near the windows talking to Gabby.

Gabby and Sarah were talking “I think she’s a good recruit,” Gabby said to Sarah, who nodded and replied “I think so, and here she is, how’s it going June? Are you getting enough to drink, are the other sisters helping keep your drink full, and are your leggings wet enough yet? The party’s only been going on a little more than half an hour” Sarah snickered and Gabby laughed as June peed 3 seconds into her pants, laughed a little herself, and drank two sips of beer.

Gabby, seeing that she was taking only small sips, reprimanded her slightly saying, “But June, those are only small sips, you need to take full gulps of your drink,” smiling knowlingly, as June peed another second into her panties and yoga pants, now with a wet patch the size of a small watermelon.

June, paused for a second to look at how wet her pants now were, but continued with her intention, “Sarah, speaking of how it’s only been half an hour and my pants are already pretty wet: do I get to change? When, and do you have enough clothes for me?”

Sarah smiled reassuringly, and stated “ Oh June, of course you can change eventually, you get two changes of leggings tonight, and another in the morning. How you decided to distribute your changing is up to you, you’re free to do anything except use the bathroom normally” she smiled as June peed another second into her leggings, her crotch glistening for a slight second, as she took a sip of beer then water, and asked for her first set of leggings.

Sarah brought June to the cupboard by the bathroom, opened a little drawer in the door, and pulled out a fresh pair of leggings. As June grasped for them Sarah pulled them back, saying “But, a condition is you need to a do a selfie with me and your wet pants each time you ask for a change” to which June agreed. So Sarah took out her phone, held it up and told June to smile as she took a picture, with her big wet patch visible in the bottom half of the image. June’s phone rang as she had gotten a group message: the picture of her with Sarah in wet leggings. She blushed and Sarah laughed, as the chat reacted with a few laugh smileys and beer toasting.

Sarah gave June the leggings and June went to the corner to change. She asked Sarah if she had any clean underwear to which Sarah replied “Only one pair until tomorrow for you, and I suggest saving them for when you go to sleep.” June thought about this for a moment and decided this sage advice, so she pulled up her wet underwear and then her new leggings. The panties were so wet that pulling up the new leggings led to them getting a small wet patch on the crotch.

Sarah saw the small wet patch and let out a hearty laugh, before remarking “You can’t manage to not wet them even for a second? They’re fresh, you should really be drinking more if you expect to deal with how wet your pants will be” and smiled as June peed for 4 seconds because she couldn’t stop at three, now with an apple sized wet patch on the crotch of her fresh yoga pants.

June laughed nervously and quickly said goodbye to Sarah, going back to the main room to find Veronica, who she found very empathic and kind. On her way, June was stopped by Larissa, who was a little shorter, thicker, slower, and overall seemed to not like June very much. Larissa, tapped her on the shoulder, and asked “Hey June, are you looking for Veronica while showing us all your wet pants? You should really be aiming for an empty drink, with your fully wet pants and all, why don’t we both kill our beers at the same time?”

June wanted to make a good impression on Larrisa, so she agreed after peeing three seconds in her pants , the wet patch now the size of an orange, she finished the remaining half of her beer at the same time as Larrisa. Larrisa laughed and told June “I guess you’re not half bad, go get us both new drinks and make sure you don’t use the bathroom,” she laughed as she watched June make her orange size patch turn more into a melon as she clearly couldn’t stop it at three and ended up peeing for 5.

June blushed and headed for the drink table to get a new beer for her and Larissa, and as she returned she saw Larrisa standing with Tessa. She quickly gave Larrisa the beer, and as she was turning to leave Tessa said “Why don’t we all toast our drinks, right June, or are you too shy because of your wet pants?” she smirked, and June turned back around, peed another two seconds into her yoga pants, and proceeded to search the outside of the room for Veronica.

Veronica was standing by the laptop DJ with Gabby, drinking beer and laughing. June approached them and they welcomed her warmly, Veronica laughed when June made eye contact and June asked “What?” to which Veronica replied “It’s just your pants were only a little wetter in the picture,” and pulled her her phone to show June on the picture of her with Sarah, “and you’ve only been in your new pants for like 20 minutes” and all three laughed as June peed another second into her drenched underwear.

June relaxed and the conversation moved to more normal topics like movies, philosophy, and music. It turns out that June and Gabby shared a love for metal, and that both Veronica and June loved cats. Occasionally another girl would walk by and mention June’s wet pants, would laugh as June peed a second or two, and then move on and leave them to talk.

As it got closer to midnight, June got tired, and told Veronica and Gabby she was going to get clean pants and underwear, and go to bed. Veronica and Gabby said goodbye, adding that she was cute in her wet pants, and a few other little jests to get her to pee another 5 seconds in her pants before going to find Sarah and go to bed.

As she looked for Sarah, the other girls all snickered as she went by, making a comment here and there about her wet pants that led to her needing to pee another second in her already drenched yoga pants to their delight. Overall everyone was friendly and beyond making her wet herself, no one was in any way cruel to her. June was a little nervous about Larissa, as she had the feeling she did not like her, but she decided not to worry about it. She found Sarah at the far corner of the main room, near the windows, surrounded by a group of girls June hadn’t talked to yet.

Sarah recognized June coming and told her group “a little round of applause for our sweet panty wetting June and her wet wet pants,” which made June blush as she peed another 3 seconds in her pants in front of the group. June quickly interrupted the laughing and clapping to ask Sarah, “Hey Sarah, I think I’m going to bed, it would be nice to have a change of clothes to sleep in .“

Sarah nodded and signalled over to Tessa to come over to the group. Tessa smirked at June as she approached, looking at her soaked pants and then straight into her eyes before turning to Sarah and asking “What do you need?”

Sarah replied to Tessa quickly, saying “June here wants to go to bed, would be a sweety and get her the last pair of yoga pants and new pair of pink panites from the cupboard in the hall?”

Tessa replied “Sure, but I think she should chug a beer with us before she goes to bed.” To which Sarah agreed and the group agreed, handing a fresh beer to June. June was hesitant and asked “are you sure? I already need to pee, and I’m not sure I want another beer.”

Sarah looked June up and down and said “Don’t be silly, of course you’ll drink a last beer with us, and if you need to pee then I see no downside to finishing up in your already wet pants or are you aiming to wet the bed for our amusement?”

Everyone laughed except June, who turned a little red and said “ok, I guess that’s a good plan,” took the beer, and then proceeded to chug it while thoroughly rewetting her pants. Sarah ,Tessa, and the girls all laughed as her yoga pants became very shiny and a puddle formed at her feet as she gulped down the beer.

Tessa suppressed as smile as the puddle grew and as June finally finished wetting herself, Tessa nodded and went to grab her a new pair of clothes. Sarah didn’t leave a second’s pause after Tessa left in smiling at June and saying “new clothes means another picture!” and gave her phone to one of the girls, Laura, who was a slim blonde with long hair and small breasts, who signaled to the girls to stand with June and all smile for the picture. June was bright red even though she had been peeing her pants in front of everyone all night, because this was the first picture where her pants were totally wet to the point there were almost no dry spots at all.

Laura took her sweet time taking the pictures, even taking a few as Tessa had returned with the clean clothes. She wished the group goodnight as her pictures arrived in the group chat, and June quickly went to the bathroom to shower off and change before bed.

June went to her bed, in the same room as many of the other girls on the floor above the main room, and drank a bottle of water before bed to try to sober up, not thinking about her bladder. Back in the main room, the girls were still partying and talking.

After June had left, Tessa and Larissa had started to gossip about why she was going to bed so early. Sarah interrupted and reminded them that June had a very long day, been a great sport, and deserved some good sleep before a humiliating tomorrow. Sarah said goodbye to Larissa, Laura, and Tessa, and went over to Gaby and some other girls.

As Sarah left, Tessa turned to Larissa and Laura and said “so do you think it’s fair that June gets to go to bed so early? When I was new, I hung out here in wet pants until everyone else went to sleep.” Larissa and Laura nodded before Laura smiled and excitedly said “that doesn’t mean she is going to stay dry though” and they all laughed. Tessa suggested, “why don’t we drink and hang out for another hour, maybe smoke a joint, and then we’ll go get some warm water and see if we can’t make her wet at 2am too” to which they all snickered and agreed.

An hour or two later, Larissa, Laura, and Tessa went to the kitchen to get a big bowl and fill it with warm water. They made sure the bowl was deep enough that her whole wrist could fit. They brought this upstairs while Larissa recorded on her phone, and they turned down the light as they got closer to June’s bed. Tessa very carefully removed the covers from June’s left side and slowly moved her hand outside of the blankets. She carefully put June’s hand in water as Laura smiled widely, and they waited with the phone camera fixed onto June’s light pink panties as she laid in bed.

After what seemed like forever but had likely only been 20 minutes, the girls heard a slight “tsss” and excitedly noticed June’s panties and bed getting wetter. Larissa turned up the light on the camera to capture it, and they tried to hold back laughing as June laid in an ever-bigger puddle with ever-wetter panties. After about 45 seconds of non-stop peeing, June rolled onto her back, showing the camera the soaking front of her panties and her face. Tessa started laughing harder, and Laura and Larissa joined in. The laughter was loud enough that it woke June up, who groggily asked “what’s going on, what time is it” only to be answered with laughing from Tessa, Laura, and Larissa.

June’s eyes bolted open and she put her hand on her crotch and noticed she was soaking wet, She noticed she was still peeing, June pressed her hands in her crotch to gain control, but gave up and worked instead of getting her head straight. She proceeded to ask “What the fuck? Now I have to sleep like this?” to which Laura replied “yup, that’s house rules, have fun in your puddle” to which the other girls laughed and left, leaving June there to try to sleep in her soaking wet underwear and bed.

