University student is brimming with piss

Author: sanjono

*000*2024-03-18 21:41

It was a normal summer day and Helena was working her morning job as a waitress in a coffee shop before heading to her university. Since the weather was so hot Helena was dressed very lightly, with a sleveless white crop top and a pair of very tight, grey, knee-length leggings. She was also wearing a pair of black panties which were way too small for her ass and due to the tightness of the leggings panty lines were visible as well as her panties squeezing her ass cheeks subtly. Helena had a great body with her best features being her thick thighs, big and voluptuous ass and her thigh gap and as such all the men couldn't take their eyes off her. In fact the reason most people were attending the coffee shop was just to admire her ass.

Helena was aware of the fact that people constantly stared at her ass and she was pretty annoyed but the weather was hot so she kinda had to wear really light clothing. However the thing bugging her most right now was her growing urge to go to the bathroom. Helena has been working since 8 am at the coffee shop and right now it was around 10. Up to that point she had drunk a whole lot of coffee to keep her awake and a lot of water due to the hotness of the weather. But due to her being busy with taking orders and serving the customers she didn't have a chance to take a much needed pee break.

She still wasn't at the point were her urge was unbearable but she would occasionally cross her legs, bend forward while putting her hands on her lower abdomen and sigh under her breath due to the pressure she was feeling on her bladder. What made things worse was the fact that the sounds of coffee and water being poured into cups was agitating her bladder as it was subconsciously reminding her about her desperation.

However her shift was coming to an end, due to her having to go to her university, and she thought to herself that she could finally use the restroom. Once her shift ended she immediately headed to the coffee shop's restrooms with a somewhat hurried pace while clenching her hand into a fist and placing it firmly on her lower abdomen.

However the bathrooms were closed with an "out of order" sign stuck on the bathroom's door. Helena asked her boss about this while subtly fidgeting in place and the boss told her that the bathrooms' plumbing system was run down but the plumber he contacted still hadn't shown up. Upon hearing that Helena started panicking since the only other bathrooms she could use were the ones at her university, which were very dirty and most of the times locked and the bathroom at her house but the earliest time she could arrive at her house was 14:00. Helena should get on the bus to go to her university any minute but the thought of her not being able to use any restrooms until 14:00 was making her anxious about her losing control and peeing herself. As she had no other choice Helena headed to the bus stop with the hope that she would be able to find an available restroom at her university.

The bus arrived shortly after packed with other students also heading to the university and she boarded it filled with worry on her mind and a lot of piss on her bladder. Since the bus was packed there were no available seats so Helena naturally spent the entire ride standing up with people constantly staring at her ass but this was the least of her worries as her urge to go was becoming bigger and bigger and her more and more desperate. They arrived at the university at 10:30 and Helena got out of the bus and started heading to the main building with her hands subtly placed on her bladder while half-running, half-walking as she was in a hurry to relieve herself. Helena started going up the stairs with each step making her situation worse while everyone stared at her ass jiggling up and down and her panties being visible through her leggings. Eventually she reached the bathrooms of the first floor which were right besides the auditorium her classes took place.

However, like always the bathrooms were locked but she kept on trying to open it as if after a while they would magically open and she would finally be able to empty her bursting bladder, but that never happened. Frustrated at the locked bathrooms Helena decided that she would check on the bathrooms of the other floors during the break as she was late for her class. She entered the auditorium and sat next to her friend at the back. The moment she sat down she crossed her legs tightly, placed her hands on her lower abdomen and leaned forward while sighing and moaning in desperation due to the familiarity she felt while with her friend. Her friend, watching Helena squirm and fidget frantically in her seat, asked her what's up and Helena responded by saying that she had to pee really bad but she couldn't find a bathroom.

Her friend, instead of showing sympathy she pulled out her half empty water bottle and started shaking it around making splashing noises in order to tease her. Helena did not appreciate the teasing as the sounds of water splashing were sending signals to her bladder that made it spasm uncontrollably making her incredibly uncomfortable. Not helping were her small panties and tight leggings squeezing her bladder making everything feel even worse. Helena could already feel her bladder bulging outward due to all the built-up pressure and she kept constantly squirming in her seat while sighing and moaning due to all those liquids sloshing inside her bladder making time pass agonizingly slow.

When the classes were over Helena immediately stormed out of the auditorium and headed to the second floor bathrooms. It was now 13:30 and those 3 hours Helena spend on the auditorium were absolutely torturous as she was stuck constantly fidgeting in her seat, crossing and uncrossing her legs, moaning and sighing in desperation as her kidneys kept pumping more and more piss in her swollen and bursting bladder. As she was frantically making her way to the second floor all eyes were on her. A young woman clearly being in dire need to empty the contents of her bladder was a sight rarely seen. However everyone was ignoring that aspect and only focused on her voluptuous ass cheeks being squeezed by her panties which were visible through her very tight, grey leggings.

Once she reached the second floor she spotted the bathroom from far away and to her surprise it wasn't actually locked, however there was a big line of women waiting to use it. Despite that inconvenience Helena was so relieved that she found a bathroom that for a split second her sphincter relaxed and let out a miniscule drop of piss onto her panties. Helena immediately pressed her hands on her crotch to avoid any further leaking and started heading for the line. As she was approaching it she heard someone calling out to her.

She turned around and it was a guy from the same class as her named Mike. Mike greeted Helena and told her that if she wanted they could grab lunch together at a small restaurant nearby. Helena didn't really get along with men due to them always staring at her ass but she had a small crush on Mike ever since she saw him. On the one hand she was incredibly desperate to empty her bladder as she was bursting for a long time, but on the other she had an opportunity to get closer to her crush.

After considering her options she decided to agree with Mike's proposal to eat as she would be able to use the restaurant's restroom and she doubted the line would be as long as the one at the university. The only problem was Helena not betraying her desperation through her uncontrollable squirming, fidgeting and the desperation in her voice and face. Mike and Helena headed to the restaurant while Helena was trying with all her willpower to not bend forward from the immense desperation she was feeling and hold her crotch. When they arrived at the restaurant they immediately sat down at a small table and the waiter gave them the menu in order for them to choose what they can eat. Helena had her legs tightly crossed and was subtly squirming in her seat waiting for the perfect opportunity to excuse herself to go to ask about the bathroom.

When the waiter arrived to take their order they both told him what they wanted. After the waiter left Mike started talking with Helena about various stuff. Mike was the one doing most of the talking as Helena was afraid that if she spoke the desperation in her voice would betray the fact that she was absolutely bursting. Shortly after the food arrived and they both started eating. Mike immediately started pouring himseld a glass of water which didn't help Helena with her situation at all and her squirming just got more noticable. However it had been quite some time since she last had drunk water and she was very thirsty so she started drinking water as well which while it satisfied her thirst made her bladder spasm even more uncontrollably in protest. It was now almost 14:00 and Helena was dangerously close to peeing herself as the liquids sloshing inside of her bladder were gradually weakening her sphincter muscles and Helena was panicking out of her mind.

Her fidgeting was uncontrollable as she was even subtly lifting her ass of her chair as she just couldn't stay still from all the desperation and had both of her hands placed firmly on her crotch while her face had an expression that could be read as: "I'm trying to remain calm but I'm dying to relieve myself from the massive amount of piss in my bulging bladder" Finally Helena found an opportunity to go ask about the bathrooms but unfortunately for her the bathrooms were only for the employees.

Once Helena heard that her heart sunk. She was at her absolute limit but there was no bathroom in sight she could use. As she started believing that she might pee herself she noticed that Mike had finished with his food and that they could both leave and she could go back to the university to use the bathroom from the second floor. Mike paid for the food, they exchanged contact info and both went their separate ways.

Helena was heading straight for the university while holding her crotch, bending forward, half-walking and half-running with each and every step being more painful than the last for her bladder. Her desperation and agony were so great that she even had to lean on walls or lampposts to regain her composure from all the pressure on her bladder.

She eventually reached the university but once again luck wasn't on her side as the doors were closed. Helena started cursing herself under her breath due to how unlucky she's been and immediately started looking for a remote place to relieve herself. The surrounding area however was full with people making it all the more difficult. She was looking for some kind of bush or dark alley to pee behind. Everyone was looking at the young woman who was about to explode with piss looking for some privacy to take of her bodily needs. After a couple of seconds she spotted an alley completely devoid of people and headed there. The moment the shadow created by the alley enveloped her she started frantically pulling down her leggings and panties.

She then crouched down, threw her head back, closed her eyes and started slowly opening her mouth ready for a massive moan of relief to come out but right before she started relaxing her sphincter she heard a dog's bark heading towards her. Upon hearing that a long spurt of piss shot out of her sphincter due to her being startled and she began immediately pulling up her leggings and panties and headed out of the alley as she noticed behind her that in that alley there were several stray dogs.

At that point Helena's only option was taking the bus and using her home's bathroom. It would take around 30 minutes to arrive to her house and Helena wasn't sure if she would be able to hold out for much longer. But after a small drop of piss leaked into her panties again she decided that she'd rather suffer but be able to use the bathroom rather than piss her pants and embarrass herself after all the pain she went through. Fortunately for her the bus arrived immediately and she boarded it. As always the bus was full so she was forced to wait while standing for her destination.

The pain she was feeling was absolutely agonizing as her bladder was very swollen from all the liquids she consumed over the day and she couldn't hide her desperation. She had both of her hands right between her thighs pressing against her sphincter, she was moaning and sighing uncontrollably as she couldn't take the desperation anymore and she was fidgeting all over the place. On the bus some people were feeling pity towards her as she was clearly suffering, others were uncomfortable due to all the moaning and sighing while others just didn't care.

Every bump in the road caused the piss inside her bladder to slosh violently causing her more pain while the water she drank at lunch started slowly settling into her bladder making everything ten times worse. The worst thing out of all was that every couple of minutes she felt a tiny bit of piss leak into her panties and it even created a dark spot on the crotch area of her leggings. Helena was nearly tearing up from all the desperation and she started thinking to herself what did she do to deserve this suffering as more rivulets of hot piss were leaking onto her black, sexy panties.

After 30 minutes went by which to her felt like an eternity she arrived at the bus stop that was the nearest to her house and immediately started heading towards it. Her bladder bulge was incredibly noticeable at that point but all she cared about was reaching her house without wetting herself. Once she reached her apartment she went into the elevator and pressed the button to reach her floor.

When she arrived she crouched down to get the key under her apartment's mat but at that moment her bladder spasmed so hard that she let out a massive moan from the sheer desperation and pain she felt. She started frantically unlocking the door with one of her hands holding her crotch while she fidgeted uncontrollably in place. Once she entered her apartment she closed the door behind her, pulled her leggings down just below her ass and sprinted towards the bathroom while more rivulets were soaking her panties.

When she went to open the bathroom the door was locked as Helena's sister was using it who lived with her. Helena was banging on the door begging for her sister to let her in as her bladder was about to explode. Since the toilet was so close to the door her sister opened it with Helena storming in while heading to the bathtub. She pulled down her soaked panties and leggings, turned around and started peeing her ass off. From between her legs erupted a massive stream of hot piss which she has been holding for the entire day and her overtaxed sphincter couldn't contain anymore.

Meanwhile she let out an orgasmic moan as the relief she felt from finally emptying her bursting bladder was washing over her. The pure bliss she was feeling was staggering as she could feel her bulging bladder deflate after being emptied from all its contents with every muscle in her body completely relaxing. The stream kept going strong for over a minute straight after eventually slowing down to just a trickle. She ended up peeing for almost 2 minutes as she let out a final moan with relief all over her face, she remained in awe of the fact that she didn't wet herself in public from the massive amount of hot piss torturing her bladder for hours

