Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*023*2023-06-01 22:45

The next day, Bulma didn’t bother Vegeta as he trained. She didn’t remind him to take breaks, she didn’t ask him if perhaps he thought it was time to rest, she didn’t notify him of the time as night grew closer and closer.

She wanted him to exhaust himself, so that when his body finally succumbed to the need for sleep, he would stay dead to the world for a while.

He finally finished at around two in the morning, stumbling into their bedroom and basically just passing out as soon as his head hit the pillow.

Bulma yawned tiredly as she watched him sleep. She could be reasonably certain that he wouldn’t be getting up anytime soon.

So, she took out the dragon balls, headed outside, and summoned Shenron.

“State your wish,” the dragon prompted, in its loud, booming voice.

She flinched at the volume. She didn’t think ANYTHING could wake Vegeta up at this point, but she also knew how horrified he’d be if he found out she was doing this.

“Shhhh,” Bulma hushed. “Keep it down… I wanted to ask if you could help Vegeta with something, but he’s really sensitive about it, so—“

“State your wish,” Shenron repeated.

“Vegeta has… I did some research, the thing he has is called Paruresis. He can’t… er… ‘Go’ around other people. Could you get rid of it for him?”

“You are asking me to cure him?”

“Yes,” Bulma nodded.

“That wish is beyond my power.”

Bulma just stood there, staring for a moment. What…?! She’d been thinking this over for a while, and the only thing she’d ever been worried about was the possibility of Vegeta seeing her talking to the dragon about his issue. Not once had she considered the possibility that Shenron COULDN’T help. “Huh? But, you can bring people back from the dead! This should be easi—“

“I am capable of reviving those who have passed on, yes,” Shenron agreed. “And, I can heal some injuries. However, my powers can do nothing to repair wounds that exist inside the mind. The brain is far more complicated than the body.”

“So… So, because Vegeta’s problem is psychological…”

“It is up to him to heal it.”

Bulma frowned. She tried to come up with a different wish that might produce the same outcome. Asking to have his memory of his childhood accident and Frieza’s taunting erased would do nothing, his problem had still been present even when he’d been repressing that. “How?”

“I’m afraid I don’t have the answer,” Shenron said. “Did you have another wish?”

Bulma sighed, shaking her head. “No…”

Shenron vanished, and the dragon balls remained at Bulma’s feet.

It was up to Vegeta to get rid of his problem…

It was up to Bulma to keep pushing him towards that.

Trying to coax him into using a public restroom was pushing it a bit too far for now. Bulma needed to think of something else to challenge Vegeta with. She thought if she came up with something new and ‘difficult’, but which didn’t involve any potential interactions with unfamiliar people, that would provide a good ‘next step’ for him.

It didn’t take her TOO long to figure something out that would fit the criteria.

She decided to propose it to him the next morning, after he’d already relieved himself. Ever since he’d started hydrating his body properly, he consistently woke up feeling horribly desperate. She knew he’d be in a more agreeable mood if he wasn’t already struggling with his bladder.

After he’d finished, Bulma stopped him from leaving the bedroom. “Wait, hang on,” she said. “Before you go train, I wanted to—“

“I already missed a couple days going on that asinine quest with Kakarot, and BARELY made up for that lost time yesterday, what do you want now?!”

“I just need to suggest something to you,” Bulma sighed. “Calm down.”

“Fine. What?”

“How about next time you use the restroom in here, when it’s just the two of us, you DON’T lock the door?”

“Why would I do that? Locks exist for a REASON.”

“Because you already know I’m not going to come in there while you’re using it, so you don’t really NEED to keep the door locked, do you?”

“Yes,” Vegeta scoffed, like that was the most ridiculous question he’d ever been asked. “Of course I do.”

“Why?” Bulma prompted. “You’re always worried about breaking it, if you can get yourself to go WITHOUT it, that will be one less thing to stress yourself out over. It might help you feel more secure.”

“Do you even HEAR yourself? How would NOT using the lock make me feel more—“

“Just TRY it,” Bulma interrupted. “That’s all I’m asking. I’m not going to REMOVE the lock, it will still be there. You can use it if you need to, but I really DO just want you to give it a try.”

“… What for? What purpose does this serve? I’ve got the problem under control. I can handle it easily at home now.”

“You can pee in one restroom here without your body fighting against you too much,” Bulma corrected. “And, you need the lock engaged, and for me to either wait in the hallway or stay on the other side of the bedroom. Yes, that’s MUCH better than how it was before, but if you want to finally BEAT this thing, you’re going to have to push yourself a little further. Just— Just think of this the same way you think of training the OTHER parts of your body.”

“It’s not the same. I’m not constantly humiliated every time I fight.”

‘Are you sure about that, Vegeta…?’ Bulma thought. She bit her tongue to keep herself from saying it. “Not locking the door isn’t humiliating, it’s not like I’m gonna open it and stare at you.”

He KNEW that. He just also knew that, without a lock, he would fail to get his bladder emptied. THAT would be the humiliating part.

“We’re just going to try it,” Bulma repeated. “Once you’re able to do that and you’ve gotten good at it, THEN we can try it with the door OPEN, and then with me in the room with y—“

“Absolutely not!” Vegeta snapped, mortified. Gah, the very IDEA of her SEEING him as he struggled with such a basic thing— It was bad enough that she’d already HEARD him fighting against it!

“That’s still a long way off,” Bulma reasoned. “And, I’m not going to be watching, I’ll face the other wa—“

“No,” Vegeta said. She’d be so close, able to hear his breathing— The ragged, choppy breaths that he got whenever he felt… like… that…

“It’s not for a while,” Bulma reiterated. “First, we have to get you used to not using the lock.”

“Not doing it.”

Bulma sighed, “Since when do you back down from a challenge?”

“This isn’t a challenge. It’s just idiotic. Locks exist for a purpose, there is NO benefit in me doing th—“

“I REALLY think it’s a good next-step for you…”

“I am managing the problem perfectly well. I have a system worked out now.”

“Your ‘system’ is just holding it constantly and flying back home every time you need to go… The prince of all Saiyans shouldn’t be intimidated by an unlocked door, right?”

“I’m not intimidated!” Vegeta insisted, furrowing his brow. “I just see no reason to engage in something so pointless!”

Bulma rubbed her forehead, then sighed again. She’d pressed every one of Vegeta’s buttons that she could think of now, except for one. “… GOKU would be able to do it. So, YOU must be able to—“

“Of course I can!” Vegeta said. “And, I can do it MUCH better than Kakarot!”

Bulma wasn’t entirely sure how someone could piss behind an unlocked door ‘better’ than someone else, but now that she was finally on the right track, she wasn’t going to ask. “Alright, then prove it to me.”

“Fine, I will!”

Whenever Vegeta took a break from training that day, Bulma encouraged him to drink some water. He was even more reluctant than usual, which she’d expected. Finally, she had to give him an ultimatum; If he didn’t hydrate himself, then she wasn’t going to allow him to use the gravity room for the rest of the day.

That got him to comply, but he glowered the whole time.

When he returned to their bedroom that evening, he was obviously uncomfortable and weighted down by his full bladder. Normally, he’d go use the restroom now. Today, he didn’t even glance at it before laying down in bed, legs shifting around slightly.

Bulma watched him fidgeting, clearly needing to pee and making no attempt to do anything about that. The most baffling thing to her about his problem was all of the avoidance, the way that he often wouldn’t even try without being goaded into it. That wasn’t how he’d ever faced any of his other enemies.

‘If he loses a fight, he can at least think about how it still made him stronger,’ Bulma thought. ‘He doesn’t see this the same way.’ If anything, every time he ‘lost’ against this particular opponent, he was just set BACK further. That was what was so tricky about this. If Vegeta COULDN’T go with the door unlocked tonight, it was going to be even harder to convince him to try it again.

“You don’t lock the door when you shower,” Bulma remarked. “You don’t even care if I walk right in— You never have.”

Vegeta flinched, and she noticed him glaring down at his twitching legs, slowly forcing them to go still. “What are you talking about?”

“You need to pee,” Bulma stated calmly. “And, if you don’t need the lock while you’re showering, this should be fine too, right? You’re not exposing nearly as much—“

“It’s not— It isn’t about ‘exposure’, I keep telling you,” Vegeta said. “It’s— It’s people knowing that I— That—“

“That you need things?” Bulma guessed. “That even YOU can’t hold it forever?”

“K—Kind of,” Vegeta admitted. “That’s part of it.” He didn’t know how to explain that the MAIN thing that set him off and made it hard to go was the idea of someone NOTICING that he couldn’t go. It was such a ridiculous thing; He couldn’t pee, because he was nervous someone would realize that he couldn’t pee, which made it even more difficult to pee. It was an endless feedback loop full of spiraling, asinine thoughts that had NO right infiltrating his head.

The problem existed because he couldn’t bear the thought of another person paying attention to the problem.

To make it even more ridiculous, Bulma already KNEW about it, so he shouldn’t have BEEN so bothered by the idea of her sitting out here while he failed to piss behind an unlocked door. That was probably what she was EXPECTING. She was expecting him to struggle for a while, until he couldn’t take the pressure anymore and HAD to move the lock back into place where it belonged. Then, she’d say “Oh well, we can try that again later.” She wouldn’t mock him over it, she hadn’t even come CLOSE to teasing him about this for a long while.

“What are the other parts?” Bulma prompted.

“It’s… Someone noticing that I ca— There shouldn’t be things that I can’t do.”

“So… You can’t pee, because you’re worried someone will notice that you can’t pee?”

When he heard it out loud, it sounded even stupider.

Bulma sucked in a deep breath. She knew Vegeta wasn’t going to like this word… “You don’t like how it makes you feel… Maybe a little vulnerable?”

“I NEVER feel vulner—“

“It’s OKAY to be vulnerable sometimes, you know?” Bulma said. “Like here, we’re talking about it, and you’re just fine.”

“Vegeta turned away, blushing hard. “Just because you FORCE me to discuss this with you doesn’t mean I’m suddenly okay with doing i—“

“Vegeta, I’m the person you SHOULD let yourself be vulnerable around,” Bulma told him. “That’s why I think you CAN manage to go without a lock when it’s just us here.”

Vegeta turned away. He didn’t even understand why locks were SO important to him. The majority of people he’d known throughout his life could easily just break a locked door down if they were THAT intent on watching him pee for whatever reason. He knew that locking the door barely even counted as a precaution. But, without the added FEELING of security— however false he knew it was deep down— his ability to void diminished tremendously.

He knew that, if he attempted this, he would fail. And then Bulma would know that he’d failed because he already had to go badly enough that his legs didn’t want to stay still. Add on a few minutes of staring at the toilet, incapable of using it, and when he got back in bed he was sure to squirm much more obviously.

“Well… Goodnight,” he said, laying down the rest of the way.

“Nope,” Bulma said. “I’m not going to let you go to sleep until after you’ve peed.”

Vegeta hadn’t been planning to actually sleep without pissing first, he’d only wanted BULMA to go to bed so that he could handle his need without anyone forcing him to leave the door unlocked. “I’m fine, let’s just go to—“

“No,” Bulma repeated. “I’ll stay up all night with you if I have to You won’t be able to put it off forever.”

“You’ll fall asleep eventually…“   Bulma groaned. She didn’t WANT to do this, but he was leaving her no choice. “Do you want to risk falling asleep after ALL that water today? You remember what happened to you bef—“

“ONE TIME,” Vegeta interrupted. “And, I can tell when I’m dreaming now, it won’t ever happen agai—“

“It’s just the lock…” Bulma reiterated. “The door will still be shut. Please, just TRY it. You won’t get better if you don’t keep working.” She sighed. Time to push that button again… “Goku can do it, remember?”

“Kakarot is a shameless idiot,” Vegeta stated. He recalled that this had convinced him to agree to Bulma’s asinine suggestion earlier, but back then the evening had felt so far away. Now that he was faced with having to actually DO this, hyper-aware of his odds of failure, it did little to dislodge his reluctance.

His bladder had been aching for quite some time now, too. His body had gotten VERY used to him peeing as soon as he got to this place each night. The non-stop, sharp spasming throbs told him that it wasn’t pleased with him for continuing to wait. He tensed his thighs and shifted uncomfortably. If Bulma would just drop this and go to sleep…

Bulma frowned. Even THAT hadn’t worked? She tried to come up with something else, but the Goku-Button had always been a fail-safe! It worked like magic to get Vegeta to do literally anything. She didn’t know what to try when even IT ceased to be effective.

And he was squirming. A lot. He looked like he was trying to crawl out of his skin. His fingers were gripping the bedsheets, his legs were fidgeting out in front of him. He was tense enough that he was twitching. All of the usual signs that meant his bladder was currently filled to a level that would cause anyone else to burst.

She was concerned that the kidney pain he’d complained of would be making itself known soon. She didn’t think it had started up yet, since he hadn’t made any unusual, strangled noises, but she didn’t think they had much time left before it did.

She hoped that, if it DID start, he’d accept that he really couldn’t hold it and finally try to go. It was awful that it had to come to that, but it really looked like the only way he’d give in was if HE finally felt desperate to do so.

Maybe that was what she should do, find a way to make his urgency grow until it became intolerable for him. How could she…

There was no way in Hell that she’d be able to get any more water down his throat. If she started blathering about waterfalls, he’d immediately know what she was doing and become enraged. She was too nervous to ‘accidentally’ push on his bladder, for fear that she’d end up damaging it. She’d seen him react a bit to the sound of running water before, she knew that it DID amplify his need…

And, recalling the night she’d had to… Awkwardly ‘help’ him go, there were certain phrases that made his holding muscles loosen…

“Well, okay,” Bulma said. “I’ll just go take my shower, then.”

Vegeta flinched, almost imperceptibly. He probably had SOME idea as to what she was trying to do to him. “But— You’re in your pajamas, haven’t you already—“

“I’d like to take another,” Bulma said. “Arguing with you is so exhausting that it made me work up a sweat. You just wait here, I’ll only be a couple minutes. That should give you time to think about my suggestion a little more.”

“… Fine, but my answer is still going to be ‘no’,” Vegeta huffed. Maybe when she got back, she’d finally go to sleep and leave him alone about this. Then he could piss behind the LOCKED door as much as he wanted. Hopefully, she would drop the subject after tonight, it was going to be a serious pain if this became a daily occurrence.

“We’ll see.”

His bladder throbbed again as he laid himself back down, “I’ll probably be asleep by the time you get back anyway. Your showers are entirely too long.” Vegeta knew there was zero chance of him falling asleep when his abdomen was sending him constant pulsing pangs, but he thought that if he PRETENDED to be asleep when Bulma returned, she’d shrug, think ‘Well, there’s nothing I can do now,’ and go straight to bed.

“We’ll see,” Bulma repeated, heading towards the restroom.

A moment later, Vegeta heard the hissing spray of the shower’s faucet, and his eyes widened as his bladder gave a furious lurch, feeling for a second like it was about to collapse in on itself before, with a lot of leg crossing, he was able to calm it back down again.

Even when he’d KNOWN that he’d be hearing running water sounds, even when he’d been able to PREPARE himself for them, he’d been unable to lessen the severity of his body’s natural reaction to the suggestive noises.

At least he was alone, he could… Permit himself to do a bit of writhing, more than he’d allowed when Bulma’s eyes had been upon him. He turned onto his side, knees rubbing together as he gave himself a short squeeze. That helped, but he swore the water was getting louder, swirling around inside his head, flowing directly into his bladder.

Stupid Saiyan hearing… If he was human, like Bulma, he knew he wouldn’t be able to hear anything coming from the restroom.

Bulma couldn’t hear him pee from bed, he KNEW that. He also knew that she wouldn’t open the door even if it WAS unlocked. Ignoring the lock wouldn’t make the situation THAT different from how it was normally. He should have just—

Screw it. Whatever. Once Bulma got back, if she didn’t fall asleep within…. Ten minutes or so, then MAYBE he’d consider it.

But, right now? He was fine. He was perfectly fine. He wasn’t regretting anything, and he didn’t wish he could go back in time a few minutes to say “Actually, Bulma, I suppose I could try this stupid idea of yours, just this once.” He didn’t. Not at all. Because he was fine, and being subjected to the sound of water hissing furiously wasn’t causing him to frantically rub his legs together at all. Nor did he need to keep his hands pinned in between them.

He was fine, he was fine…

Vegeta turned around onto his other side, trying to see if that direction would somehow feel better. It didn’t. He just made his bladder slosh with the motion, liquid battering even more angrily against his opening. He tightened his grip on himself in response to a sick tremor that tore through his abdomen.

‘Stop this,’ Vegeta thought. ‘You’re the Prince of all Saiyans, you can’t come apart just because of an annoying sound…’

But, the sound was MORE than just annoying, it was practically torturous. His bladder was continually squeezing, trying to force out every drop that it was containing. It was only with a great deal of straining that he was able to ward off all the leaks that kept trying to dribble out.

Bulma had been in there for so long, and Vegeta wasn’t sure how much longer he could endure those noises without starting to spill over.

Dammit… He’d had more than ENOUGH of this.

He forced himself to his feet, shaking his overfull bladder once more and cringing as the boiling liquid within him stung its sensitive walls. He wasn’t able to walk to the door in a way that looked dignified, and he was just thankful no one was around to witness his pained, hunched over hobble.

He knocked on the door, “Aren’t you finished yet?” He’d intended to sound commanding, but his voice had cracked at the end, making his demand sound more like a plea, much to his dismay.

“Nearly,” Bulma called back. “Why…?”

“I— Uh— N—No reason,” Vegeta said, he tried to yawn, but the action made his skin pull tighter around the distended curve of his bladder. “J—Just— Sleepy, and the sound is— Is— Keeping me awake.”

“Oh…” Bulma said. She continued to stand under the shower-head. She made no move to turn off the water. Vegeta had been so stubborn this evening, he wasn’t going to get what he wanted until he actually asked for it. It would be nice if he added something like “You were right, Bulma, I shouldn’t have made such a big deal about it,” but she knew better than to hope for that.

Hopefully he’d cooperate soon, and she wouldn’t have to resort to the next phase of the plan.

She stayed there for several more minutes before she heard another knock. “Er… It’s been long enough!” Vegeta said, voice raised, but trembling. She could picture the appalled, embarrassed look on his face at the sound.

“Almost done,” Bulma said.

“It’s just— I— Um— I would— I would like to relieve myself soon…”

Nearly there…

“Oh?” Bulma asked. “But, earlier you wouldn’t. Does this mean you’re ready to try with the door unlocked?”

She waited for a response.

A long minute passed without one.

Damn, it was time for phase two. She really hadn’t wanted to do this to him… “Well, if not, I guess you’ll have to wait until I decide I’m done showering.”

On the other side of the door, Vegeta gritted his teeth. How long was THAT going to take? It had been ages already, he felt aching pressure all through his body. Like, he needed to void so much that the liquid was trying to cram itself into whatever space it could find.

“But,” he heard Bulma add. “I’m sure that won’t be a problem for you, will it? You’re SO strong.”

Vegeta’s burning holding muscles stung even more, his bladder cramping enough to send him doubling over. The sick pulse had come on suddenly, no build-up, no warning. He very nearly leaked, just barely holding it back through willpower alone.

“You’re so tough, I know you can handle this,” Bulma said. “Or you can find somewhere else to go. There are other bathrooms here, I’m sure you can find one you can use. You’re so powerful, you’ll be able to beat your problem out there somehow.”

Another intense, earthquake of a spasm forced him to bend at the knees, holding himself even tighter. He flinched at the pain he unintentionally caused himself and tried to gently loosen his grip, just in time for a single droplet of urine to bead its way out. It was immediately replaced with another, and anoth—

“Yep, you’re WAY too strong to—“

“Ah—!” Vegeta choked out a gasp as longer, more intense leak hissed into his clothes. Dammit! She— She KNEW that hearing this nonsense helped him to— She was TRYING to make him— She was going to come out and see him soaked, and— “If you don’t get out immediately, I w—will have no choice but to—“

“The door is unlocked,” Bulma said.

Yes. And she was still IN there!

“D—Dammit, I—“

“Are you ready to try?”

He WAS, he was BEYOND ready, his bladder hurt so bad, and he could feel some warning pulses in his lower back too. If he didn’t get this taken care of soon… He realized Bulma wanted an answer. She wanted him to actually SAY it… And, after all that arguing, he wasn’t sure if he could. It would be admitting defeat… “Mmf…”

“What was that?”

“Hnnn…”

“If you don’t tell me…” Bulma trailed off. Vegeta knew the rest well enough.

“Nnnh…”

“I know you can speak up!” Bulma said.

She sounded so freaking happy. If Vegeta didn’t know any better, he’d think she was having fun doing this… How dare she?

“Your voice is usually so LOUD, Vegeta. Makes sense, strong, tough guy like you has got to have a powerful voi—“

Vegeta’s bladder throbbed so hard that, for a second, he wasn’t able to even see straight. It felt like his entire midsection was exploding, his back erupted in agony, the pangs creeping further upwards, and he leaked once more. It took him an entire second to be able to stop it, and—

Vegeta yanked the door open. “Out,” he stated as he stepped inside.

Bulma jumped slightly, watching him twitch and fidget next to the toilet. One hand was stuck between his legs, and the other kept tentatively moving to undo his clothing, only for him to continually draw it back.

She hadn’t expected him to do this… “Wha—What?”

“Out,” he repeated. “Enough of this game. Y—You know what I—… What I want to do. So, get out, before I—“

Bulma switched off the shower, and she could see Vegeta visibly lose some tension at the removal of the noise. “I have to get my clo—“

“Out,” Vegeta said once more. He appeared to be buzzing, and Bulma wasn’t sure if it was from the severity of his desperation or the intensity of the embarrassment surely flaring through him.

She’d… She’d pushed this too hard. His body had forced him into doing something so desperate, so far out of his comfort zone. He was now in an extremely vulnerable position, and she knew he hated that with every fibre of his being.

She got out of the shower, reached for her bathrobe and wrapped it around herself. “I’m s—“

Vegeta’s eyes widened for a second, and the hand that had been TRYING to work his clothing apart was finally allowed to act. He aimed at the toilet, and a few errant droplets were squeezed out before he couldn’t manage any more. His shaking intensified, he turned bright red all the way up to his ears, down his neck.

Bulma had never actually SEEN what he looked like in these moments and, for a second, she just stared— The absolute LAST thing Vegeta would want her to do.

‘Fuckfuckfuckfuck!’ Vegeta screamed mentally. She was WATCHING him, when he was— Gah! His chest had never felt colder. It was like his entire upper body had gotten dipped in ice, his lower body was alight in flames from the ever increasing desperation.

Why the fuck hadn’t he just agreed with Bulma earlier?! This was worse than leaving the door unlocked could have EVER been! This was the worst thing POSSIBLE. This was— This was—

His throat started to constrict, his lungs started to struggle. And, suddenly, his hearing actually HAD kind of switched off, like he’d WISHED it would have earlier. All he could hear was this intense ringing in his ears. Nonononono, not THIS, please not this! His wife was standing there, watching him fail to piss in a fucking toilet, and now he’d forgotten how to breathe again. It was IMPOSSIBLE for this to get worse, nothing could top this humiliation, nothing could—

“V—Vegeta, breathe…” Bulma said nervously. She didn’t know what to do, this was her fault for pushing him so much. When he’d started to argue, she should have thought ‘Okay, he’s not ready for this after all, we can try again later.’ She shouldn’t have tried to force him, this was going to set him back SO far, and nothing she said to him would make it better.

Right…?

“O—Oh, wow, this— This enemy of yours is really strong!” Bulma stammered, having NO idea what she was even doing. “A—And you have to fight it every time you need to pee and, wow, you always manage to beat it eventually, don’t you? That must be SO hard, right? I kn—know I could never do it!” His breathing was evening out, that was… That was good. “I b—bet you’re the only one who CAN beat this!” That was what the dragon had said, anyway. Vegeta had to defeat this himself, no one else cou—

At that thought, she had some idea of what might REALLY calm him down.

“Y—You know what? I—If Goku ev—ever woke up one day and had to deal with this, there’s no WAY he’d be able to work through it as well as you do!”

A second later, she heard more liquid pattering against liquid, and Vegeta frantically huffing out; “Turn around! Just— At least turn around!”

Bulma did, whirling to face the still-open door instead of him, and as she did so, she heard Vegeta’s stream pick up into a rushing, forceful gush, and she was close enough to hear how his breathing calmed down tremendously.

Well… He was peeing with the door open, and with her in the room… She’d gotten him all the way to the last of her ‘steps’ tonight, but she just felt awful about it. As far as she could tell, she’d really only gotten his bladder to explode when he was lucky enough to be in the right place for it to happen. She knew he was humiliated beyond all reason, and that this experience was going to just make everything WORSE for him.

He was also going to be furious with her. He’d been so upset the night she’d ACCIDENTALLY overheard him going. This time, she’d unintentionally orchestrated a situation that caused him to lose all control of himself in front of her. The only way she could have screwed up more was if she’d made him actually wet himself.

Vegeta’s eyes were scrunched closed as he peed. He couldn’t open them. He couldn’t remind himself of Bulma’s presence. He could clearly sense her beside him, and that was bad enough. He couldn’t be forced to see her too. He knew pissing with his eyes closed was a pretty terrible idea, but from the sounds of things his stream was ending up where it belonged at least. Gah, the SOUND, it was so noisy, and he couldn’t even do anything to slow it down so it would be a little softer!

This was so embarrassing… And, of course, it had to feel fucking amazing, too. He was debasing himself in front of Bulma, and his body was still being inundated with untold amounts of pleasure and relief. His bladder finally easing back down to a manageable size, and his exhausted holding muscles no longer being forced to tie themselves up in knots felt wonderful. If this wasn’t also the most humiliating moment of Vegeta’s life, he would have been able to really enjoy it.

Bulma’s neck prickled the longer Vegeta peed. Being RIGHT next to him while he did it, aware of just how forceful his stream was, made it even more troubling that it always carried on for such an extreme amount of time. She made him drink three liters of water a day, and she was certain every last drop of that was coming out now. Even accounting for his alien biology, he was hurting himself.

Well. No. Tonight, SHE’D been the one hurting him. If she’d dropped the subject, he would have gone a while ago, like always. He wouldn’t have been brought to the limit like this. This was her fault. She really hoped she hadn’t subjected him to the kidney pain too.

Vegeta finally finished. She heard him fixing his clothes and wiping off the rim of the toilet bowl. She HAD noticed him shutting his eyes as he’d started to pee, and had needed to stop herself from instinctively scolding him. If he needed to keep his eyes closed, then he could keep them closed.

He washed his hands without once turning towards her, then he very briskly rushed out of the room.

Bulma was worried that he was going to go find somewhere else to sleep tonight, too embarrassed to stay next to her. To her relief, he was laying in their bed, staring up at the ceiling.

Awkwardly, she laid beside him, unsure what to say. “I’m… I’m sorry, I… Pushed you too much.”

He didn’t respond.

“Are you alright?”

“I can’t believe I did that…” His voice was so much softer than what she was used to.

“I’m sorry,” Bulma repeated. “I wanted to help, but that was too much. I promise, I won’t do anything like that again. This is YOUR thing, YOU decide how we deal with it— I don’t even have to be involved at all if you don’t want me to be.”

“I actually…” Vegeta trailed off, then he sat up. “Wait… I was ABLE to do that.”

“I know, I made you hold it too l—“

“No,” Vegeta interrupted. “You don’t under— Normally, no matter how severe my… urge is, if someone’s there, it won’t work. That’s why— That’s why the kidney thing you’re so concerned about happens. But, tonight I—I defeated it!”

So, it wasn’t just that she’d made him break his limit? That’s right, breaking his limit didn’t mean that he peed, it meant that his urine started to back-flow. Since he’d managed to go, that meant—

Well, at the very least, it meant that the Goku-Button still worked.

But, she hoped it also meant that what she’d said earlier about it being okay for him to be vulnerable with her was sinking in.

