Alice in Wetting-Land - Page 2

Author: SomeGirl

*029*2017-07-29 21:03

I like the idea of Misty confessing her love, I really don't like drawn out will-they won't-they/can't-spit-it-out storylines that much either. This chapter is more series than most others. I just want to agnowlege that this portrayal of Misty's deviancy (the pantie stealing/spying, not the pee) isn't accurate to real life. I am going to try to have her struggle with the issue and the things that led to the issue, but its still not psychologically sound. I assume no ones basing mental health choices on this story, but better safe than sorry. I'm not trying to write an accurate portrayal of any issues.-SomeGirl

Ch.32: Misty:

Misty had overslept after sneaking back into her bed. She was awakened with the rest of the castle. She hurriedly showered, and dressed for breakfast. She left her room in a purple wrapped halter, a hot pink tutu, heavy black belt, black and purple striped leggings, and her signature boots. 2 Tiny silver hoops clicked in her cat-ears, and purple rhinestones sparkling in her humanoid ears. She walked briskly to the breakfast hall, and approached Queen Valentine. “You're late.” she scolded. “I’m sorry.” she said as she sat in her usual chair. Her eyes widened when they registered the sight in front of them. Alice was seated across the table from her, and she could clearly hear her thank the waiter for her juice. She froze in her seat. Then Alice was looking at her, and Misty realized what the queen was telling her.

“Misty, I’d like to introduce Alice. She’s visiting from a far-off world, and may need our help returning home.”She turned to Alice, Misty stunned silent in panic. “Alice, this is Princess Misty. She’s my niece, by my dear late brother. I’ve been grooming her as an heir to the throne for over a decade.”. The next thing she said was both the worst and the best thing Misty had ever heard “Misty, Blanch and I have a meeting in regards to trade routes. As you have already compiled everything you wanted to say in your notes, you will be preparing Alice to partake in the festivities.

I’m quite interested in what the heads of state have to say about this other world.” she waited for her niece to respond. Misty nodded blankly. Alices disappeared from her view, and miraculously reappeared in the seat next to her’s. “Hi. It’s nice to meet you.” Alice was smiling at her. Misty forced herself to converse somewhat normanly, while internally panicking about being around Alice out of disguise. She had no bait, no backup plans, and no ruses set up. Skylar, Sunny, and the dozens of allies Alice hadn’t met yet were all unavailable to her. Even if she switched over to one, Alice would want to know where Misty was, and Auntie Val would figure it out within hours. She was all on her own. With Alice. Her bladder felt like it might burst.

Misty had managed to get through breakfast, and excuse herself to a bathroom to regroup. Alice was waiting in the hall, so she couldn’t urinate as long as she would have liked. She had been thinking of Alice a lot, and when she did, she sometimes became incontinent. Misty had taken to peeing more often to maintain an empty bladder. She couldn't ask Alice to stop every 45 minutes so she could piddle out a ½ oz of pee, so she squeezed to pee harder. 

She pressed her bladder to empty more than it felt the need to, hoping to avoid scaring Alice off by pissing herself so early. She had always chosen when she visibly pissed her pants before, but now she was at risk of doing it with no warning. The vibrations of the pressurized liquid slowed her heart rate, and she clung to the calming effect as she washed her hands. Misty knew she could weasel her way closer to Alice, even if she was confined to one identity. She took a deep breath and went to rejoin the other girl. Alice was wearing black capris, a lacy ocean-blue blouse, and comfy white sandals. Her honey-colored hair was in a loose ponytail. She looked beautiful in the gentle light pouring from the window.

Misty was glad she got all her pee out just moments ago, because her bladder involuntarily opened at the sight of Alice. Misty walked over, making a note to use excessive caution with how much she drank. Her legs were still sore from being clamped together through breakfast. She read her Aunt’s instructions and realized she would exclusively be helping Alice choose clothes for various events. Her bladder was luckily still empty. She and Alice walked to the room the note specified, and were greeted by hundreds of different garments to try. Stealing her will, Misty walked over to the courtly-casual clothes. 

She focused on two things: matching every single piece of clothing with the perfect outfit, and guarding her bladder. Still empty, and she was out of clothes. She claimed the chair by the miorre, and compelled herself not to look while Alice got into the first outfit. She had time to ponder why she was in this situation, and belatedly saw the error of her ways, too an extent. She had forgotten how to control her reactions when around the object of her affection, because they never knew of her presence. She wanted a real relationship with Alice. Misty was pondering this, when Alice came over to the miorre.

Alice was wearing tan capris with ruffles at the leg, a dusty blue camisole, and a sheer ivory overshirt. She showed Misty “This is really cute! You have a good eye.” Alice complemented. Misty was about to say she looked great, when she felt her bladder fill slightly. She just nodded as Alice went to try another one. She sat still on her chair. She knew that her bladder was still almost empty, but she also knew that each outfit Alice tried would turn up the pressure. She couldn’t excuse herself so soon, so she would have to wait for Alice to ask for a break. She tried to remember how much she had seen Alice drink. It wouldn’t be a particularly long wait, but was it soon enough? Misty felt she had no choice.

At least she wasn't incontinent this time. Alice came back, this time in a robin's-egg-blue sundress. Misty’s bladder was suddenly almost full, as she looked at Alice in the frock. It ended at her knees, with thick straps attached to the straight neckline. Her baby-pink bra peeped through the straps a little, and the cotton skimmed her hips gently, before flaring out into an a-line skirt. The faint turquoise-tinge complemented her dark blond hair, making it shine. Alice had a brave, calm, and generous nature that had never seemed more apparent to Misty. The cat-girl knew at that moment that her unspoken feelings, and her agitated bladder were directly correlated. Her inner demons were being challenged by love, and the battle ground was her bladder. One or the other was gonna come out.

She suddenly recalled the events just before she had started changing identities. Her father had been assassinated when she was 14, and she never coped with the senselessness of the violent act. Her father and Aunt hadn’t been like other royal families, with one scheming for the throne. They had benefited from their different perspectives, and rule side-by-side. The queen had no desire for children of her own, but had taken joy in teaching Misty everything she would need to rule the kingdom. King Carmine had lost his wife when Misty was young, and he cherished his daughter. They were both excellent rulers, good hearted and intelligent, and had lead the kingdom into an era of peace and prosperity.

There had been no grievance rationalizing Carmine’s assassination, only a harlequin-print mask and a trigger being pulled. The man who shot him was called Wild Card. He was a villain of great mythos, with a thousand alleged motives. He was a terrorist, he sought riches, he traded his killings for immortality. He cycled through each kingdom, killing before vanishing. No one could predict when and where he would next strike, only that he would. Misty had rushed to her father, but was too late to hear his last words. His attendant passed on that he said he loved her, but she could never confirm what he said. She understood it was true, but she could never fully accepted the truth of the aid’s account fully. Misty felt more for Alice than lust. Even what she had called love had been a crude explanation of feelings she couldn’t verbalize. Misty came back to reality.

Alice noticed the cat-girl become more alert, and take note of Alice’s stance. For some reason, just as Misty had zoned out, Alice suddenly felt like she was ready to wet herself. She was shimmying and twisting as she tried to get Misty to return from her introspection, and now snaked a hand down to seal the barrier between her pee and the outside world. Misty slowly stood, and wrapped their arms around Alice’s waist, bringing them together. In her distressed state, Alice was confused about the meaning of Misty’s actions. She would understand once the need to pee was satiated. ‘At least this dress is washable..’ Alice thought as something in her subconscious whispered that she could just go where she stood. Wrapping her arms around the taller girl, Alice felt Misty let go simultaneously.

Before she let go, Misty felt a flurry of demons battering her bladder from the inside. Her release was an exorcism, casting out her darker influences with her pee. It was like her legs were being consecrated with sacred water, as pee surged down her leggings. She was anointed by Alice’s stream, clutching the waist of the angelic woman. She felt a horrible burden being lifted out of her body, and expelled noisily onto her boots. She could hear Alice panting and softly moaning at her own experience, and Misty cried out in reverence.

Misty’s skirt was christened by Alice peeing so close to her, she would treasure it always. She lost all sense of time as she purged her soul of fury, bitterness, and fear. She finally stopped convulsing and contorting, as the last of the demonic presence was banished down her legs. She felt reborn, lighter than she had in years. Misty watched the last of Alice’s own burden empty to the floor. Alice was panting, and Misty held her as she calmed down. Misty heard her declaration of love before she decided to make it. Alice seemed to take it well though.

Alice was in a haze as her body released the painful tension from her muscles. She felt the dress slump onto her thighs, wavering under the heaviness of her drenching. Her pee gushed out softly, emptying her bladder at a leisurely pace. She sighed in contentment as she was carried away by the waves of relief, coming and going like tides. She was aware of Misty, getting out what they needed to get out as a pair. Alice had always been attracted to boys, but she hadn’t really considered whether she would like girls. She didn’t really mind, and the feelings felt natural in her mind. She had never been pregiduesed ageinst non-heterosexualls, so accepting this part of herself was easy. She had also never really considered that she might like peeing the way she did. Wonderland was very informative in regareds to her sexuallity.

Alice’s easygoing nature allowed her to refocus of the sensations. She hadn’t been trying on shoes yet, so the warm puddle caressed her feet, vibrating slightly from the impact of the stream. Her dress now had a large, dark stain on the front, and the cold, dampness tickled against her belly. Slightly sticky tracks were mapped and remapped down her legs. Her panties were sagging under the weight of the fluid being emptied into them. Alice realized the stream had ended, though she couldn’t recall when, and heard Misty speak over her own breathing. “I love you!” the cat-girl confessed. Alice was surprised by how strongly Misty felt, but she definitely liked the princess. She sensed a passionate and devoted personality in the other. She couldn’t speak at the moment, so she just smiled.

*031*2017-07-30 15:59

These chapters are a bit lighter than the last. Alice is helping Rosette reherse giving her roses to Queen Valentine, and Misty is seeing to decoration deliveries for most of this section. This takes place a few hours after the events of ch.32. Alice has told Rosette, but didn't have the opportunity to recap the event to Blanch or Mary Ann yet.

Ch.33: Blanch’s Bad Week-Day 4:

Blanch made the soggy, squishy walk back to her room for the 3rd time that day. She was having one of her ‘bad weeks’ and had decided to wear diapers round the clock until the 7 days of desperation and incontinence were up. The one good thing about these bad weeks was that they were always 7 days exactly. She got to her room, and grabbed her supplies from her bags.

She made her way to the large self-change station that was set up for her visit, and pulled herself up. The slide onto the table combined with the gravitational pull of her urine had Blanch’s sodden diaper shooting across the floor. Knowing better than to attempt bending to pick it up without protection, Blanch leaned back and lifted her hips into the dry padding. She arranged the nappy around her hips, and fastened the tape. Sliding off the table, Blanch whent to clean up the splatter from the previous diaper. She bent slightly to pick it up, and she urinated as she went to dispose of the overburdened padding. She returned with a damp towel, and got on all fours to clean it up. Another wetting, this one continuing through the rest of the cleaning process, and hard. Blanch went to put her mini skirt back on, when she realized she had finished off the new diaper too.

Groaning, Blanch resituated herself on the table, this time more carefully, and replaced her used wrapping again. She needed to restock from Mary Ann’s bag after lunch. Mary Ann always kept half the diapers in case one of their bags got lost or damaged. Replacing her skirt, she returned to the agricultural meeting she had left so hurriedly.

The meeting went long, and by lunch, Blanch’s fresh diaper had gone from crinkling to squelching. The 4 hour meeting was so hot, Blanch poured water into her stomach water now that she knew she would be able to change after it came back out.

She had already released the first glass when lunch wrapped up. “Mary Ann? I need more diapers, should I just get them from your room?” Blanch requested softly. Mary Ann’s brow furrowed, “I already restocked your table yesterday. I just have one or two left. I ordered more, but I thought I left enough to tide you over for two days. That's the earliest the delivery can arrive..” concern was palpable from the two women. Blanch went white with terror, releasing the second glass in her panic. She squirmed in the uncomfortable soaked nappy.

She could already feel glass 3 coming into port, although that may be because she was anxious. “But..I used 6 this morning...There are none left and...And I need one. Now!” Blanch tried to keep glass 3 inside. They could figure it out fast enough, and she would flood her diaper right before a change. If Mary Ann had 2 diapers left, she could make it till dinner if she held it when she could. She peed out the 3rd glass with a vengeance. She was wearing the diapers she recently discovered for overnight use. They seemed to hold an infinite amount before flooding, and she had been able to protect the sheets each time she wore one. They had been excellent for a ‘bad week’.

Blanch was pretty sure she was bobbing in her diaper like a buoy in the sea, but the protective layer held strong. She determined to remain in this used diaper until they came up with a plan to ration the remaining few. The two women made the long walk to Mary Ann's room. They arrived just as Blanch output glass 4. It was immediately followed by glass 5, which Blanch peed out automatically, unguarded from her previous spasming release. Blanch definitely was floating in the padded garment when she sat at the desk. She wished she could stand, but glass 6 was trying to kick down the door, and sitting helped her hold it closed. Mary Ann finally returned with a terrifyingly small stack of white padding, and she heard Blanch’s pee hit her soggy diaper.

“Goodness, Blanch how many waters did you finish?” she asked as she lay the 3 diapers that had to last 2 days.

“...8.” Blanch confessed “I know. I know. That would be reckless with unlimited diapers..” her bunny-ears drooped in discouragement. Glass 6 loudly underlined how well Blanch understood the consequences of that choice. The diapers she was wearing were a life-saver, but when they got full, pee was even louder than if you just went on the floor. She had been woken up both nights at the palace to the deafening drumming of her pee in her doused nappy. She realized with great regret that she had changed both times, under the assumption of plentiful nappies.

They went to Blanch’s room to double check her bag. The diaper would hold strong, but Blanche was torturously uncomfortable. Blanch fiddled with gross diaper, accidentally ripping the material, just as glass 7 forced its way out. The heavy, soaked fabric spilled accumulated urine into Blanch’s hand as she tried to hold the diaper together, and she started to cry in frustration.

The discomfort of the diaper was bad, but now she wouldn’t even have anymore. She sobbed as Mary Ann led her to the table and took the seeping fabric out of her hands. Blanch wiped of as much residual piss as she could with a few wipes, and Mary Ann helped her into one of the three remaining nappies. The dry, fresh diaper made Blanch feel safe again. She calmed down. Two both women’s surprise, Blanch seemed to be done for the moment, so the crinkling sound lingered. The used diaper felt a few pounds heavier as Blanch threw it away. Mary Ann suggested that they try to squirm through until tomorrow night, when the diapers would arrive. They decided to change before she went to bed, and after she woke up. It would be uncomfortable, but it would have to do. Blanch gathered her courage and marched to the next conference.

By the end of the next two conferences, Blanch was soaked. The meeting was wrapping up when a loud surge of water could be heard echoing through the meeting hall. “Is there a pipe break?” questioned one of the department heads concerned. Blanch interrupted the speculation about the source of the noise “No….It’s me..” she flushed with humiliation. The others at the table were quick to apologize, and the meeting finished without further incident. There were two more meetings to go, and Blanch was too disheartened to stand up. She wasn’t hungry, and she only drank enough water to stave off dehydration.

Over the next two conferences, Blanch had the opportunity to study the differences between the many sounds pee could make. Every drip was magnified through through the drenched diaper. The ringing of a steady jett. The rhythmless pattern of a prolonged drizzle. The gurgling of a cascading gush. She went 17 times over 4 ½ hours, all clearly audible throughout the conference room, all into the same sopping diaper.

She finally stood to go to the room for the last to meetings, and a mortifying swishing rang through the air with each movement she made. Blanch hung her head as she walked to the door. Someone stopped her, and she didn’t bother to try to get away. Her nappy had held this long, and it didn’t seem to be at risk of leaking or flooding. She was about to leave, when she froze, as glass 8 from breakfast finally revealed itself again. Her previous wettings had been lighter than this one felt, and she tried to hold it to make her diaper last a bit longer.

She was just walking away from the finished conversation when she lost control. Her seemingly submerged opening let out an animalistic hiss as the piss shot into her waterlogged diaper. Blanch was right in her assumption that the diaper would hold through. She had forgotten to account for the tape. Mary Ann had triple-secured the diaper, which is why it stayed closed as long as it did, but standing up while peeing out glass 8 was the straw that broke the camel's back.

The flimsy tape tore from the gravitational pull of Blanch’s pee, and the diaper dropped into the floor between her feet, releasing a spray on impact. Blanch was still peeing, and she couldn’t move without her diaper there to catch it. So she stood with her legs opened over the absorbent fabric. Finally she stopped peeing, and she looked down into down at the broken diaper. She ran away in shame at what she saw. The white material was vivid yellow inside, with a visible pool of urine in the back flap. There was a clear whiff of hour old urine wafting out of the thick undergarment. It was swollen to 3x its original size, and sounded like it weighed 10 pounds when it smacked onto the floor.

Mary Ann found her on the toilet in her bathroom alternately peeing and crying. Blanch knew that everyone would be understanding about her incidents, but this was the first time her incontinence had interfered with her ability to do her job. And her diapers had been a matter of undiscussed public knowledge, never displayed during work events. That and the dwindling resources are what hurt her, not having an accident. She slipped into the 2nd to last diaper, and went to bed early.

The next morning was better for Blanch, she didn’t even feel that wet. She was about to go to breakfast when something caught her eye. On the change table, she saw last night's diaper used and ready to throw out. She screemen in panic as the events of the night before flooded her head, and she released a copious flood into the already damp final diaper.

Ch.34: Painting the Roses Yellow

Blanch had been awakened by a knocking at the door to her room. Stumbling slowly to the source of the noise, she found 2 young men in the heart-adorned uniforms of the castle staff. They immediately fell to the floor and begged her to help.

“We really need your help with the roses! We're desperate.” pleaded the one with 3 heart badges.

“Well actually, if we were desperate, we would be in good shape.” snarked the one wearing 6 heart badges.

3 of Hearts ignored his comrade “Lady Blanch! As members of the Queen's herem, we are given special responsibilities in service directly to the queen. The garden she sees from her window each morning has specially bred roses, roses that we are charged with maintaining. Each night when the guards change shift, we are to take the opportunity to urinate on the roses, so they develop their signature golden hue.” he took a breath and launched right back in. “We all gathered as usual, but none of us had to go. We had all enjoyed a late night play session with Queen Valentine a few hours ago, and we can’t go after something like that. Your skill at yielding urine is known throughout the land. Will you lend up that skill?” the man finished dramatically. Blanch nodded, and they lead her to the garden. She stood before a bush of white roses, their yellow tint faded.

The 3 of Hearts gave Blanch a tube with a wide opening at one end. Blanch took a minute to grasp what she was supposed to do with it. “Could you turn the fountain on w=once I have it in place?” Blanch requested “It’ll make me pee more than I would otherwise. She undid the diaper, mostly wet by now, and plached her feet apart. It took a few minutes for her to fumble the neck into place, but she managed to only leak a bit onto the ground.

She didn’t need to wait for the fountain to start. Her bladder emptied the awkward burden, and refilled immediately. Her bladder was simultaneously filling up and emptying. Her stream was stretching her opening as it tried to get more out at once, and the tube was jolting from the forceful gush pounding into it. The fountain turned on, and her bladder started to expand despite the continued attempts to empty. Blanch was looking at the fountain, and the impute was outpacing her output.

The stinging of her pressurized stream increased with the mild burn of her bladder being stretched out. Blanch winced as she tried to wrap up by squeezing the pee out faster. The roses were fully dyed, and the herem guy had turned off the fountain again. It took a whole minute of self-inflicted pain for the increased expulsion to reach its end. Blanch was panting with exertion, and was in a daze the walk back to her room. Apparently, she had used her last diaper in her sleepy state, and the guy had left her old one on the table.

Blanch looked to the Queen, who had heard her scream, for direction. The queen shrugged apologetically “Just try to avoid the couches and the carpets today, I guess…” she offered in response to Blanch’s unasked question. Blanch was lucky to be standing on hardwood flooring at the time.

*033*2017-07-31 16:44

This chapter contains predictions of events I may not mention again until the Wonderland section of the story end. I'm hoping to continue the story with the Looking Glass book. This first chapter is pretty hard on Alice, but she does a exceptional job coping with the revelation. The next few chapters will be much less serious.

Ch.35: Wonderland University and the Quest for Understanding

Alice was called to the Queen's study, and Rosette joined them, potted roses shifting in her arms as they walked. As the girls walked, Alice asked if it could be about her..’romantic tie’... to Misty. Rosette shrugged “Well, I'm not sure if she knows about it yet, but I’d think she would be happy for Princess Misty.” she encouraged. They reached the door to the study, and entered with the Queen’s permission. Inside, Queen Valentine was entertaining 4 academic looking anthros.

Alice recognized 2 as Dean Lavender Lewis and Opal the mouse-girl. Dean Lavender wore a tailored women's suit made of eggplant-colored linen, and a strand of pearls. Her dodo wings were folded neatly behind her stout body, and her dark hair was in a smooth, low bun. Opal looked different in her current outfit. Her curly hair was held up with straight bronze clips, and she wore large thin-frame glasses. Her thin cream-colored sweater, olive green box pleat skirt, thick black tights, and dark oxfords gave her a much more orderly, studios look. She smiled when she saw Alice.

The two older gentlemen beside them seemed locked in an intense debate. One man had a small ambery shell on his back, one had large golden-brown wings and lion ears and tail. Both men looked to be in their 60s. The tortoise-man was small, with large sad eyes somewhere between green and hazel. It took Alice a moment to realize that the other man was an anthropomorphized griffin. He had a thick white beard, and was much more imposing than his debate partner. He had a mane-like shock of white hair, and sharp golden eyes. His lion ears flicked in time with his argument, his tufted tail swishing on the floor, and his wings ruffling in the slight breeze from the window.

Alice hurried to introduce Opal before someone gave her the wrong idea about the set-up with Blanch. “Opal, this is Rosette. I was actually hoping to introduce you to our friend, Blanch, at the Regatta.” Alice silenced Rosete with a harsh stare.

Crisis averted, Valentine rose to make introductions. She started with the Dean “Alice, this is Dean Lavender Lewis of Wonderland University.” she gestured to the arguing men. “Those gentlemen are the Co-Directors of Study, Professor Jade” the griffin-man stood in greeting, “And professor Sage.” the turtle man pulled himself up with a cane. “They oversee the Math & Science departments and the Humanities departments respectively.”. Lastly she introduced Opal. “This is Opal, graduate-student to Professor Jade. She is also a well established inventor and mechanic.” Alice and Rosette gave a round of handshakes.

The Queen explained why the group was here: They were the national authorities on the subject of cross-dimensional logistics. Alice and the scholars were lead to a large study, formerly belonging to the Late King Carmine. The Deen took the floor. “In all our years of study, the Wonderland Univercity has never seen a accidental shift from one dimension to another.” Lavender began.

Alice raised her hand and was called on “Blanch was in my home world. How did she get there?” she had asked Blanch, but the governing bunny didn’t understand the complex mechanisms well enough to explain it. Professor Jade had the explosion ready to go.

“Blanch was repairing a crack in your reality nearby where you found her, Hong Kong I believe. She sealed the crack, and shifted to the closet pathway back to Wonderland. The gate had been opened specifically for the occasion, and was set to close after Blanch got in.” he started to draw on the chalkboard. “When you fell with Blanch, the connecting area fractured, the energy released by adding matter to a universe is very powerful. The hallway you landed in was an access point to various Wonderland locations. Blanch was hit by a fraction of that energy, and was dazed to the point of running off.” Professor Jade stepped back to look at the long string of formulas on the board, eyes widening in realization as he dove back into his calculations.

Professor Sage took over the lecture. “Although my college is an expert in the scientific workings of alternate dimensions, I need to explain a bit further.” Jade grumbled under his breath. Sage cleared his throat “The barriers between dimensions have a sort of reasoning to them. They let people through when to maintain balance and security of the dimensions. I was told you had met Celestine. She is my main consultant in the matter. She says that after you left, she prophesized that you were a piece in a game that will decide the fate of both worlds. She believes that you will only return home after you fulfill your role in this game.” he gave Alice a minute to absorb this.

Before either of them could speak, Jade intergected. “I wouldn’t be so sure about that, my friend. I have just worked out how the universal balance has been preserved. The impact of Alice leaving her world and coming into ours should have caused a lot more damage, but she never left her world!” he basked in the confused expressions of his audience. “When Alice fell into our realm, a parallel Alice was created. This alternate version of her remains on earth, going about her day to day life.” he was deflated slightly at the lack of applause.

Alice really had to go to the bathroom, but she needed to know what was going on more. She crossed her legs as Opal chimed in. “If these calculations are correct… Alice is already home, so the dimensional barriers won’t let her return.” she noted to her professor.

Alice was listening in horror to what they were saying, bladder becoming more upset along with her. She couldn’t go home to her family. Her family didn’t know she was missing, and never would. If she didn’t go to the bathroom right now, she would burst. Her shaky hands shook as she opened the door, ignoring the questions from the academics as she left. She took of in a disoriented jog. Luckily she had the placement of the bathrooms stored in her mind. She entered the stall, and stared blankly at her skirt, before remembering how to use a toilet, and pulling the pantys down. Tears ran down her cheeks as her bladder emptied into the bowl. She felt a little better as her body loosened in relief, the pee still going. By the end, her bladder had done most of the crying for her. At least for the moment, Alice’s pain was manageable. She returned to her room to release more of her suffering, hoping to accept her new life faster.

Ch.36: Pee Filled Panties in the Changing Room

Blanch heard about Alice’s situation just before dinner, and immediately gathered as many of Alice’s friends as she could, and brought them to her room. Blanch, Rosette, Mary Ann, Misty, and Opal were welcomed into her room by a red-eyed Alice. “I’d rather not talk about my world right now…” Alice searched for a different subject “So..Blanch’s diapers arrived. How did you do without?” was all she came up with. Blanch’s mood was much lighter now that she had more diapers, and the ‘bad week’ was on day 5. The regatta was 1 more day away, so she would be in normal condition after the first day. Additionally, when Alice disappeared to her room, Rosette had gotten tired of waiting, and dragged her over to Opal as soon as she had a dry diaper. Despite the awkward introduction, the conversation had gone pretty well. Blanch started to describe her diaperless day.

She had spent all day outdoors. She was still wearing the tiny mini-skirt that managed to stay dry all day, and the soft white cushion of her diaper could be seen bulging in and poking out the bottom of the garment. The minute she slipped it on, the comforting feeling had tempted her into peeing, knowing that she had a bounty of clean ones when she needed one. The group laughed at Blanch’s mention of the dog-man gardener’s pout when he realized she had peed on almost every tree on the grounds.

Alice seemed to appreciate the distraction, so Misty a ‘girls-night’ in her bedroom. She was more confident in her ability to remember how to talk, if there were others present when Alice was there. She was still working out on the ‘healthy relationship’ mindset. The group grabbed things from their rooms, and gathered in Misty’s huge bedroom. Misty’s purple and pink room had been augmented with 5 luxurious looking cots. The princess had requested that their dinner be brought upstairs. The girls accepted the offer to use the bathing courtyard befor befor anyone else got around to it.

The bathing yard was co-ed, not that it affected this group either way. They went into the changing area and removed the day's clothing.

Opal unzipped her skirt and took off the sweater. Her small, round breasts were hugged by a dark green triangle bra, and her black leggings came off to reveal black boy shorts on her pear-shaped hips.

Rosette striped down to her rose-colored t-shirt bra and floral bikini briefs. Her job as a gardener had left her tall body pretty muscular, with a notable separation between her soft b-cup breasts.

Blanch carefully removed the mini-skirt and blouse, revealing her white diaper and orange bra with white frills. The petite girl was very pale, with a small, pointed bust.

Misty undressed, and stood in her dark pink balconette bra and mauve lace thong. Her lean body and long limbs flushed, a slight sheen on the slight curves if her chest.

Mary Ann unbuttoned her shirt and removed her grey trousers. Her large, teardrop shaped breasts were contained in a ivory underwire bra, with grey-blue briefs around her wide hips.

Alice lowered her pants, revealing pale mint green panties covering her peach-shaped but. She removed her shirt to reveal her sky-blue full-cup bra.

Misty was sitting on the bench by the cubbies to make holding easier, so the idea was tantalizing. She was questioning whether she could make it to the stalls 20 feet away, Alice’s half-naked state making her bladder pound. She glanced at Alice to gage her reaction and their eyes locked. Misty felt the tremors shot through her legs as she realized she was about to piss in her panties. It was like a fault line through her bladder, and the pressure was about to be released in an earthquake.

After 2 seconds of eye contact with Alice, the tectonic plates cracked open, and lava-like urine poured out the the fracture line. All eyes shifted to Misty as her thong overflowed with iridescent yellow fluid. Her trembling feet were bouncing against the floor as her legs quaked. Her hands griped the bench, holding herself in place. The intense vibrations died down, and aftershocks finished with little sperts. She looked down. Her panties had darkened from mauve to eggplant, and a puddle had formed on the bench and floor. Misty focused on saving face “Anyone else need to pee before the baths?” she asked casually, peeling off the saturated ribbons of lace. Blanch already had, but her diaper contained it.

All the unrelieved girls in the room exchanged and ‘I-could-go-pee-about-now’ look and a ‘Since-Misty-Offered..’ shrug. Alice leaned against a wall, and released a cyclone of pee onto the floor. “Eeeehe” she squealed in delight at the ticklish sensation. There was a internal current in her stream, swirling like a tornado onto the tile. Her hisses sounded like gusts of wind as she ended her stream and removed her underwear. Misty couldn’t tear her eyes from the soft wet fabric, and heard herself ask Alice if she could have them. Alice shrugged and handed them to the back-peddling girl, and Misty ran to stash them in her room.

She didn’t return until after Blanch had taken off the very wet diaper, and Mary Ann had stood in the middle of the room, and emptied her bladder. Rosette sat with criss-crossed legs, taking a deep breath, and allowing pee to escape. The position enhanced her dribbly stream, flinging droplets onto her muscular thighs. The fountain-like babble filled the room for 3 seconds, before fading out. Rosette stood with a contented sigh, and walked to get some dirty towels from the changing-room hamper. She handed out the towels, and the other girls sopped up their pee before making their way to the bath garden.

*035*2017-08-01 12:18

I'm really glad people are liking my story. Any time I tried to write a story before, I'd run out of steam, or not no where to start, so I'm exited I'm actually doing this. I start my family trip later today, so I probably won't be able to update as much. I need a little while to consider how to move the story forward, so the timing is good. My trip is about 3 weeks, but I hope to get right back into it. Thank you for understanding, and your support.-SomeGirl

Ch.37:The Bath Garden

The bath garden was beautiful, with elaborate heart-patterns arranged into the pink and red tile floor. The shower area in the corner was defined by the mosaic of convex heart charms and pearls of various colors. Pots of gladiolas were arranged in a pattern with cherubic statues. The opposite corner had soaking pools scattered among beds of red and white pansies. The central fountain was gigantic, spouting gushes throughout. The gazebo was also a whirlpool, surrounded by pink tiger lilies and shimmering red spheres. There was a small enclave of toilets hidden by trellises sporting large magenta passion flowers.

Opal looked at the cute bunny-girl next to her, as they stood in the shower area. Blanch had chosen to remain in the shower area of the garden, because she could pee without concern, and Opal decided to take the opportunity to talk without anyone else there. She had stuck to her plan of talking about the regatta, and it was going well. They had discussed which events they looked forward to most, who else they were planning to see during the week, and what plans they had.

Opal had noticed Blanch’s continual urination, and was intrigued by the graceful cascade flowing into the drain. She couldn’t resist complimenting it “I heard that the Lady of Sweet-Meadow Hills had a fascinating bladder, but I never imagined it might be so beautiful.” she smiled up at Blanch. “It’s so delicate, the way it fills at the tiniest provocation. You output so much, so often, and it happens so soon after you feel that first twinge…” she was almost drooling at the memory of Blanch’s desperate face when they were walking to the showers. She started peeing before the water was turned on, and still hadn't stopped.

Opal closed her eyes and tried to join the fun. Not even a drop. She had tried to go when everyone was pissing their panties, but she didn’t have any luck then, either. She had tried everything she could think of. Meditating on thoughts of running water, chugging 2 bottles of cranberry juice, even jumping up and down. No matter what, she couldn’t make herself pee, let alone get desperate, in time to use the shower. “I wish I could do that sometimes.” Opal continued to the flattered bunny-girl. “Ever since I was a kid, my bladder-endurance was unfortunately high. If I ever want to feel anything more than slightly agitated, I have to plan way ahead.” she sighed. “I drink a lot of fluids, I wear tight belts, I go jogging, I stand under a shower, and it still takes hours to get desperate.” Opal complained.

Blanch had met people who were...intrigued...by her bladder before, but there was always a deal breaker related to it. Usually, the person was mainly interested in her issues rather than her, or bailed after they realized the severity of those issues. She rarely got past a 2nd date. Opal was the first person she met who liked her bladder problems, but was also interested in her as a person. Blanch appreciated her honesty and enthusiasm, and was fascinated by her descriptions of her inventions. Blanch was shy, but she really liked Opal. Gathering her courage, she asked her to go on a date with her during the regatta. “Sure, sounds great” Opal easily agreed. She had been planning on asking the bunny-girl out anyway.

Meanwhile, the others had gathered in the fountain. Mary Ann was cataloging some of the events of the Water-Sports Regatta. “...then there's the wet-clothing masquerade ball, and the pool part/barbeque on the first day, and the preliminaries for the pissing contests, and..” Alice was half listening. She was riding another wave of grief, and got quite while she waited it out. Her pain receded to manageable levels, and she noticed Misty concerned. The catgirl was relieved when Alice waved. She had asked the other girl to go out with her after their mutuall accident, but that was before Alice had learned that she was trapped in wonderland. She didn’t want to cancel the date, but she didn’t know how to ask if it was still on. Misty sighed at the thought of the various alter egos that could handle the situation better than she could. Wearing her own skin so long was unfamiliar, she had been pulling off her schemes for so long.

Princess Misty the catgirl was a mystery to herself. She could understand the other identities easily, she had been there when they were given personalities, she had defined their past events. She easily got lost in her own mind. Alice scooted over to her. “Um, so, I might not be very fun, but I’d still like to go out with you at the regada..”Alice admitted. Misty was ecstatic, and hurried to say yes before her bladder compelled her to the rest rooms. She was grinning as she darted over to the trellis walls, arriving just in time. She listened to the chugging of her spout into the bowl, as she sat naked and dripping with warm bath water.

As she flushed, she was struck with a terrible thought. ‘What if I need to run off to pee every few minutes on our date? Or what if I don’t make it, and have to change?’ Misty thought, eyes widening. Celestine was arriving tomorrow. She would ask her. The oracle was the expert in all things pee-related, and known for her wisdom. She returned and asked Alice what she had in mind for the date. Misty couldn’t stop herself from agreeing to go to the luau together. She preyed Celestine had a solution. She was going to be looking at Alice’s swimsuit clad body. Though right now she was looking at Alice’s naked body….”Oh Fuck!” she swore as she made a break for the toilets the second time that night.

*039*2017-08-05 15:27

I'm still on Vacation, and will be for about 2 weeks, but I had the opportunity to work on my story a little. I realized what was causing my writers block. I was trying to rush to a endpoint, and was to concerned with fitting the story to that idea. I'm still planning on a specific ending, but I will be adapting the end to fit the story, not the other way around. I'll post when I can. Thank you for reading -SomeGirl

Ch.38: Misty Takes Desperate Measures for Divination

Misty was in the guest quarters of the palace, pacing outside of the door to Celestine’s room, trying to get herself to knock and ask for help. It was going to be hard to put her feeling into words, especially to a stranger. She had decided to take desperate measures. She needed an extra push to motivate her to ask Celestine for help, so she had taken a medium-strength diuretic exactly 12 minutes ago, and was almost ready to spill her private feelings to Celestine.

Her body started the countdown, alerting her with a sharp strike through her bladder. She had about 5 minutes, but she knew that the unexpected had doomed her repeatedly science meeting…. Misty pushed all thoughts of Alice to the back of her mind, to prevent sudden wetting. She really needed Celestine’s help, and wouldn’t let herself pee until she had gotten it, or Celestine needed her to for divination.

Celestine responded to her urgent pounding, and let her in. Misty accidentally released a forceful spurt into her panties. She had been leaning against the door slightly, to relieve the tension in her thighs, and had stumbled forward a step when the door opened. She managed to regain control quickly. She walked stiffly into Celestine’s room, already cradling her groin. She bit her lip through Celestine’s welcome, and let out her questions in a rush.

“Um..I need advice. So I've been struggling with my b-bladder. For a few days.” she was too full to feel shy anymore “It’s because I’m in l-love. I have a date with her tomorrow, but I’m worried...I’ll… have to run off in the middle...please help me.” her voice cracked and shifted under the straining of her bladder. Misty’s hands had tightened significantly, and her fingers were starting to cramp. She knew either her grip or her bladder was going to give out soon.

Celestine understood the cat-girl's plight. She had to act quickly, pulling Misty onto her lap as she sank back into a chair. She knew better than to bother with her trousers when she was already at this point. She nodded at Misty to let go.

Misty groaned in pleasure as she stopped fighting what desperately wanted to come out. She let the world drift out of focus as her muscles relaxed. She had really, Really, REALLY needed this counselling. The warm flood spilled onto her lap, and onto Celestine. Her bladder slowly emptied, gently contracting to its normal size, and all was well. Misty shuddered as the last ¼ of her pee flowed out at a easy-going rate. She took a minute to come back to reality. She realized that she was still sitting on Celestine’s lap, in flooded black pants. She awkwardly stood, wincing at the sharp sound of her trousers dripping on the floor.

“I can give you a temporary solution” Celestine offered, rummaging through her bag “But your problem is rooted in some secret that lingers in the back of your mind. Once you realize what it is, you can confess, and be rid of the issue.” she fished out a small vial of deep purple liquid. “Take this at lunch tomorrow. It will alleviate the problem until morning.” she handed the bottle to Misty. The two said their goodbyes, and Misty slipped into her room to change pants before dinner.

Ch.39: A Luau Devoted to Public Urination

Misty’s life had been uneventful since she met with Celestine. Alice had been wanting some time alone, and had asked that her dinner be brought to her room. Misty had wanted to bring the food herself, but her Aunt had compelled her to give Alice the space she had requested. She had gone to bed early, and rose at dawn to start her Regata duties. Her attendant told her that Alice was looking around the festival with Opal, Blanch, and Rosette. Misty had focused on her responsibilities, more than she had in years. Her love for Alice satisfied a need she had spent so much energy trying to fill, so she was in excellent form. She finally saw the sun hovering over the horizon, and rushed to get ready. The luau started at sunset, and Alice was going to wait by the path.

Misty changed into her swimsuit and coverup. Her striped strapless bikini top was hot pink and purple, and her side-tie bottoms were eggplant. She had worn black shorts and black beaded flip-flops on over it. She walked to get Alice.

Alice was just where she said she’d be. She was wearing woven sandals, and a navy blue cover-up dress. The girls walked to the shoreline where the luau was held. Misty noted that Celestine’s potion had worked, and her bladder felt under control. They reached the shore, and settled their bags and towels on two longing beach chairs. Alice removed her cover up, to reveal a sky blue halter bikini with yellow stripes. If Misty was going to piss herself, it would have been then.

The girls grabbed drinks off a table, and sat back to talk. The conversion landed on what they had done over the first day of the regatta. Alice had watched the qualifying round for the pissing contests, tried the trampoline hall, and hung out with Rosette during the yellow-rose competition. Rosette had placed 3rd in all of Wonderland. Misty had been busy, but she found time to peek in at the announcement ceremony for the Pissing Contest preliminaries.

Alice seemed to be doing well, and enjoying the date. She went to get more tropical cocktails. They had already finished off 2 guava mojitos, 1 Lychee martini, and 1 papaya-rum slushy each. Alice returned with 4 prickly pear margaritas, and gave Misty 2.

Alice had only become intrigued by pee-play recently, and she wanted to explore it further. She could already feel the pressure trying to escape through her legs. She crossed her legs tightly and smiled at Misty. Misty was already full, but she hadn’t felt the intense urge to pee yet. Alice started to sway in her seat.

“Hey, Misty? Where's the bathroom?” Alice asked cautiously pulling herself out of the chair. The last two drinks had filled her to maximum capacity, more than she could ever remember holding, and she was very ready to get to the big finish. The thought of lowering herself onto a toilet and letting all the pressure off sent her hand hurrying between her legs.

Misty finally remembered to respond “I thought you knew... Some of the regatta events don’t have bathrooms. It’s a long story, but you’re supposed to just..go wherever.” she looked around “looks like you're the first to go. We should find a cool way to do it, since it sets the tone for the event…” she guided Alice towards the tide pools.

They were halfway there when Alice stopped moving. Misty watched Alice frantically look around, before stumbling to a palm tree. She fell against the trunk, whimpering through a wave of need.

As the wave receded, she rushed to prepare for the next. She pulled off her swim bottoms, to desperate to care about modesty. She wrapped one leg around the trunk, the other remaining strait, and wrapped her hands around the tree for balance.

After a second of waiting, the second, and final, wave of urgency hit her. Alice reminded herself not to fight it, to just let the tide open her bladder. She sighed in bliss as she started.

Alice felt her stream gently run down to the exit. It came out in a spout, softly glugging against the trunk. Her hips were angled slightly towards the tree, and her legs were open enough to prevent most of it from soaking her thighs.

Alice was softly moaning and sighing, eyes half lidded and dilated. She gripped the tree harder as her legs spasmed slightly. She was surprised that she was still going, but she normally would have gone twice by now.

She giggled through the last portion of the peeing session, before letting out a large sigh at the delightful feeling of being unburdened. She turned to Misty, who was ready for her turn.

*041*2017-08-06 15:07

I'm posting when I can on my trip. I want to warn that Ch.41 contains BDSM and male-desperation. I'm not very knowledgeable about BDSM, but I tried to portray it as I understand how it usually works. I hope you enjoy it. -SomeGirl

Ch.40: A Luau Devoted to Mass Urination

Misty gripped the trunk like a pole, slid down into a squat, and spread her knees. She held the tree for balance, and leaned back. She panted as she prepared, face scrunching in excitement. She could have waited at least 6 more minutes, but she was excited about Alice watching her pee.

The swimsuit bottoms shifted against her opening as she got into her possession, tickling the sensitive skin. The tingling had the tender muscles fluttering, tiny droplets landing in her bikini-bottom. She bit her lip as her hole contracted hard, then fell open. Her swimsuit barely impeded her flow. The gushing sound mixed with the lapping sound if her pee landing in Alice’s puddle, as the spigot started. She usually peed before, or after she reached this point, so she rarely experienced this type of steady, calm flow. Her feet were sprayed with droplets from the impact on the pool around her feet. Misty let out a serene sigh as her stream dwindled down to a trickle, and then stopped.

Misty slipped as she moved to stand, and fell back into the puddle of every cocktail the two girls had drank that night. 12 glasses of fruity, alcoholic beverages, consumed and released on the sand. Mist looked up and her eyes met with Alice. They both started to laugh, as they realized Alice’s bottoms had landed in the puddle.

Alice helped Misty up, and wrung out her swim briefs. Her nose scrunched slightly as she returned the soggy material to her hips. She finally got the garment untwisted, and giggled at the sensation of fluid being squeezed down onto her thighs. She and Misty were both still dripping as they went back to the chairs to watch how other people alleviate their need.

Soon, there was a moment of unity, where everyone seemingly realized they would lose control shortly, before a flurry of movement pulsed through the party. Everyone rushed to get in position, and silence fell over the beach. The silence was broken by the harmony of moans, hissing, and splashing as the crowd started relieved themselves.

Blanch and Opal were ankle-deep in the ocean, pulling their swimsuits out of the way as they peed. Opal wore a camo-print bikini with boy short bottoms. She was struggling to hold the extra material aside as she peed. Blanch was wearing a pink and red tankini, with a ruffle-top. Her red bottoms helped disguise the already present stains from earlier. Opal was peeing hard, she had been holding and chugging since lunch in preparation. She was gazing longingly at the bubbling stream escaping the other girl. Blanch was focused on the way the sea foam tinged yellow befor it was carried back out to sea. The sensation of warmth receded with the tide, as the two girls’ streams finally stopped.

Rosette had formed a makeshift toilet seat with an inner tube, and was reclining on it, pee running down her butt, onto the sand. The lower half of her sporty pink bikini was resting below her knees. Mary Ann was sitting in a slotted beach chair nearby. She hadn’t removed her navy-blue one piece, and the pee just soaked through her swimsuit. Eventually, everyone had peed. The luau resumed as the sand slowly soaked up the dozens of puddles.

Ch.41: The Queen’s Demonstration

Mary Ann and Alice stood in the crocette cort, enjoying the brunch as Alice recapped her date with Misty. As she recalled the luau, she was struck by the strangeness of the Regatta.

“Hey, Mary Ann?” Alice questioned “Why is there a pee-centric national holiday that everyone travels to one location for?” it was strange that she hadn’t wondered earlier. Mary Ann perked up at the chance to explain wonderland costumes.

“The simple version is it helps the country. More specifically, it strengthens bonds between citizens, brings everyone together, and helps bridge the gap between a ruler and their subjects. Urination is an act that is both vulnerable, and universal. It humanizes people to each other. The reason the whole country gathers together is similar. The elites need to see and interact with the general populus, which they do at the regatta. The main point is to bring the country together, and provide the chance to communicate.” she lectured, always an authority on the Wonderland anthropology.

Alice blinked in surprise. The custom still seems odd to her, but she could understand that customs seemed rational to the societies they belonged to. Handshakes would probably seem ridiculous to an extraterrestrial, who had no exposure to the concept of rubbing a person's palm to be polite. She smiled at the thought. Mary Ann switched her focus, as the Queen’s demonstration started.

Blanch had declined to go, Rosette had gone for a walk with Dinah the cat-boy, and Misty had to review some contestment of the results of the Pissing Contest qualifiers. Opal was planning on attending, but had ran into an old friend, and they had left to catch up. So Alice and Mary Ann walked to the stage as a duo.

Queen Valentine stood between 4 members of her harem; the 3, 6, 7, and 10 of heats. At either side of the stage, stood a group of flamingo-girls, and a group of hedgehog-girls. Valentine smoothed the black drapes of her skirt, the red beaded bodice glinting in the early sun. The men from the harem were wearing crisp white and red uniforms. The flamingo girls had vivid pink hair in all various tints, matching pink wings, and tropical-print sundresses. The hedgehog-girls had spiky backs, and wore matching polka dot shirt=dresses. A hush fell over the audience.

The queen started the performance by having the hedgehog-girls prepare several glasses of white wine-red berry sangria, and bring them to her on 2 carts. Valentine cleared her throat “What we have on these carts totals 160 oz.” she paused dramatically, “The drinks will be divided evenly between the submissives, who will have 10 minutes to finish their 40 oz. They will take turns, to allow viewing of each scene” Each card-man was handed their first glass by a hedgehog-girl. The man charged each drink they were handed, and finished with 4 minutes to spare.

The Queen spoke again “With their previous consent, I have had diuretics mixed into their drinks. They will now get into their designated area, where they will be tested by the graduates of my BDSM course.” she moved to a chair that would let her observe her pupils.

Each man moved to a different contraption, and the graduates carefully strapped them in. The girls established a safe-word, and began the show.

Mr. 3 of Hearts balanced on a small pedestal, with his hands cuffed together. A peachy-haired girl moved to begin the session. Maintaining his balance made his bladder fill quicker, and by the time his first dominant returned with a silk belt, he was half full. The pressure was uncomfortable, but he could hold for a few hours at this rate. Apparently Valentine had taught this student well, because as soon as the belt was secured, he second guessed his former estimation. 3’s legs shifted to maintain balance, causing his bladder to swish against the belt. 3 shivered in anticipation, as he imagined how good it would feel when he finally peed.

The other two girls materialized on either side of him, brandishing long feathers. “No” he breathed, avoiding the safeword. The card-men’s uniforms had been designed to allow easy access, and his pants were removed by undoing the laces that held the front and back halves together. The cool air caused a large spurt to hit his underwear. The damp spot prompted him to grip his shaft in his cuffed hands, trying to let the sweet relief get even sweeter. His feet fumbled as 3’s legs were teased by the tickling feathers. He desperately tried to maintain balance, struggling to hold it with every shuffle.

He felt another ‘warning spurt’ escape, and another. And another....He braced himself for the imminent pleasure. His urine felt like a bomb dropping, exploding into his red boxer-briefs. Droplets splattering everywhere with the force of the blast. He screamed in ecstasy as his legs buckled. He didn’t fight falling to the floor, even enjoying the way it changed the trajectory of the flow. He hit the ground, and just lay back to enjoy it. His shouts quieted to soft moans, and he finished expanding the large, warm puddle around him. His dominits checked him for injuries, and led him off stage for after-care.

Mr. 6 of Hearts was bent forward slightly, and bound to a table. This position held his bladder in a moderately uncomfortable position, but he was eager for a stronger push to pee where he stood. The first to girls finally started, and 6 squirmed at the sensations. One girl had taken a flogger and was roughly striking his ass with it. Each spank sent a shockwave through his bladder, making it throb and clench. The other girls scratched down his back and arms hard. Every muscle tingled, as he realized he wouldn’t be able to hold back for long,

The humiliation of wetting his pants on stage, with so many people watching sounded exhilarating.

He knew he wouldn’t have to wait much longer, as the stream eagerly started to flow from the base of his dick to the tip. He felt the opening hold it back for a millisecond, before being driven open by the strong surge that made its way out. He bit his lip at the loud hiss, and the smacking of his stream hitting his pants. He could feel every drip as it slid down his legs. The cool morning air let him feel every wet line marbling his tight white pants. He was glad he had worn his absorbent pants, rather than lose any of this liquid gold. The pee was like a firehose, right through to the abrupt end. His dominants led him off stage, to tend to his bruises and scratches.

Mr. 7 of Hearts was strapped into a strange, bouncing contraption. The first girl was tough on him right off the bat, violently shaking and bouncing him by shaking the cords suspending him. Each shake jostled more urine into his bladder, and his bladder was already stretching around the accumulating urine. The other girls returned, one with a weighted yoke, one with the silk belt. The silk belt wound around his waist, and was tied in a sliding knot at the base of his spine. The heavy yoke were secured on his shoulders, pushing him to hunch forward. His hands were still bound behind him, and the bouncing started again. He screeched in agony, intentionally avoiding the safeword. He willingly released a surt, reliving a tiny fraction of the pressure. The belt tightened, crushing his hard bladder, and tightening further still. He was releasing regular spurts at this point, and a series of dark spots appeared on his pants. The straw that broke the camel's back was the yoke.

The third girl suddenly rested all her weight along the bar, driving his upper body forward. He was doubled over as his bladder started to empty fully. His pee surged out in irregular bursts, roaring as it sprayed into his trousers. He groaned loudly as he ejected the contents of his bursting bladder. The unsteady stream pounded against his zipper and rushed down his thighs. Finally, the sporadic piss reached its end, releasing a few last spurts before falling silent.

Mr. 10 of Hearts was strapped into a chair, already striped down to his underwear. 10 didn’t like being struck, but he loved being pushed past his limit. The method they had selected for this session was a personal favorite of his. He flexed his thighs as a precaution against leaks, as the three dominants blindfolded him. He bit his lip as he waited for them to start. He may have been more desperate for the challenge than he was to pee. The torment started without warning, just as he had requested. One girl laddled cold water over his head, one ladled warm water over his feet, and the last ran a feather duster along his chest. 10 barely managed to stave of the surge of urine that tried to push out. He grunted softly as the girls shifted around him, waiting to see where the reappeared.

He couldn't stop a large spurt from escaping, when the ladle-girls started to splash warm and cold water down his spine in turns. He stopped himself in time, his hands reflexively pulling at their restraint. 10’s hand insisted on being clamped around his dick, holding the floodgates shut, even when 10 disagreed. 10 realized he hadn’t felt the feather duster since the positions changed, and tensed-up with pleasurable anxiety. His eyes rolled back under the blindfold, when she finally revealed herself.

He struggled to hold on as she tickled his groin, trying to endure this pleasure for longer. He held back for two minutes, before he shot out a powerful jet of pee. The blindfold made his other senses feel heightened, as the pee gushed out in a messy stream. His underwear were fully soaked, and the fountain ran down between his thighs to accumulate on the chair. He sighed loudly in gratification as he finished. He was unstrapped, and carefully led somewhere with dimmer lights, to take of the blindfold.

The performance wrapped up quickly, and most of the audience scampered off to a bathroom. Alice returned from the toilet, and was called over to Queen Valentin. The Queen smiled at her “I’ve heard you have started dating my niece. I’m quite happy with this, but I would like to discuss it with you.” she explained “Meet me by the lily garden after breakfast tomorrow. We will take a walk together.” she decreed as she returned to her duties. Alice was nervous, but felt better knowing Valentine approved. Always best to avoid upsetting a Queen, rather than risk beheading.

*043*2017-08-07 00:06

I'm really happy to have the chance to write again. I think that not focusing on getting to the end point gave me room to figure out the best path. The story has a lot of chapters to go, and I'm doing some outlining to write a continuation based on "Alice Through the Looking Glass". I realized that Queen Valentine hadn't had any wetting scenes yet, so I wrote one. I thought it might be interesting to have a character who doesn't enjoy wetting/desperation, although she's not upset about it. I hope you like it -SomeGirl

Ch. 42: A Rare Indulgence for Queen Valentine

After a leisurely brunch, the party started a game of crocette, and Alice walked to the lily garden to meet the Queen. Valentine had just arrived as Alice strolled over.

“Hey, hello” Alice greeted nervously. ”So. Ready for our walk?” she asked. The queen nodded, and led Alice farther into the community of blooming lilies.

The garden was sunny, with shady grottoes scattered throughout. The dense beds of lilies showcased dozens of varieties of pink, white, and red lilies. Asiatic lilies splayed their petals, flaunting their dappled, blushing cores. The tiger lilies were vivid red, curling back to expose the long, thin stamens. Pale pink calla lilies cradled their honeybee allies. Lily of the valley perfumed the air with its almost-too-sweet floral scent, nestled in large glazed pots. The white brick path wove through the garden, passing under trellises dangling tiny lilies from the honeysuckle-like vines. The expansive garden was ornamented with decorative fountains and birdbaths, with blown-glass spheres sparkling in the flower beds.

The queen led Alice down the winding path as she started talking “I want to start by saying that I’m very glad that Misty is in a happy relationship.” she reassured “I ask that you understand how sensitive my niece is.” they turned by a patch of dark pink daylilies. As Valentine elaborated on how Misty’s fragility manifested, she became aware of a agitated pain under the hem of her corset.

The queen usually used the toilet when she became aware of the need, but she had failed to notice this time. She recalled the distance to the nearest bathroom. It was about 2 ½ kilometers, obviously too far to make it in time. She sighed in irritation. Valentine had never particularly enjoyed urgency or wetting her elaborate skirts, and rarely partake in this way. Her card-herem were the ones who would have enjoyed being in this state, not Valentine. She pondered her options. She couldn't remove her cumbersome dress in the garden, and she knew that a mad dash to the lavatory would prove futile. That left her one viable option. Alice seemed to notice her awkward stride, and was looking at her with concern.

“Don’t worry, dear.” Valentine reassured, “All will be well, though you may be uncomfortable with my plan.” she loosened her corset as much as she could, feeling her bladder expand into the extra space. They were almost there. The queen gritted her teeth as she finally arrived at the back corner of the garden, behind a patch of 6 foot-tall stargazer lilies. She was eager to attend to the rather pressing matter of her bladder, and glance about for any unseen witnesses.

Sighing in relief as she saw no one she stood up straight, gently pressed her legs together, and finally resolved her now painful issue. Alice was startled at the sound of running water emanating from Queen Valentine, the noise muffled by her heavy skirt. The queen sighed lightly as her bladder contents were banished to the grass below her. She was surprised by how long she kept going, as she reached the 10 second mark and kept going. Her closed legs channeled the urine downward, preventing any splattering on her skirt. The deluge of warm pee flowed down her thighs, her calves, before sliding off her shoes to the ground. She finally felt like she was wrapping up, and waited.

After a total of 18 seconds, she finished urinating. Her whole body felt lighter. Although she wasn’t into this, it had been pleasant enough. She lifted her skirt, revealing the puddle that had formed beneath it’s wide hem. She carefully stepped back onto the path, the grass slurping up the golden fluids. Once her skirt was safe from being dragged through her pee, she turned to Alice.

“Would you holding my skirt up wheil I remove my undergarments? I worry that the moisture will transfer onto my skirt.” she requested. Alice shrugged and averted her eyes as she gathered Valentines skirt around her waist. The queen was wearing white stocking suspended with a matching garter-belt, and started by unsnapping the red heart-shaped clasps, and lowering the stockings to her knees. She moved on to her red lace knickers, pushing the heart-patterned lace to join the stockings. She slipped off her shoes, and warned Alice before bending to fully remove the soaked mesh.

Alice let the fabric fall around her ankles, concealing the remaining garter belt and sticky legs. They chatted as they returned to the palace, Alice stopping in the bathroom when they passed it.

Ch.43: Misty’s Realization

Misty scrambled behind a garden shed, bladder being jabbed by the metallic buttons of her black skinny jeans. She had seen Alice across the courtyard 3 hours ago, and had been bursting ever scienc. The 2 long meetings had been agonizing, but she was leading them, so she couldn’t leave. When she finally finished the meeting, the lines for the meeting house bathrooms were huge. She had sprinted out towards the bathrooms by the greenhouse, before folding over as the glass structure came into sight.

She had 6 seconds till she risked peeing her pants. There was no chance of reaching the toilets in time, so she dove behind the shed. The trip took 4 seconds, and her bladder wasn’t going to let her hold it beyond 2 additional seconds. Her frantic attempts to get her pants down in time failed, and the timer reached zero.

She felt the pee run towards her opening, and knew she had no chance of stopping it. She quickly leaned her upper back against the shed and slid her feet forward. She was just in time to protect her shoes, foolishly having chosen sneakers rather than her waterproof boots for the day. The pee landed in the crotch of jeans, absorbing some andt shooting the rest down through the fabric. Misty focused on keeping her hips angled downward, preventing noticeable stains on the lavender canvas of her shoes.

In the back of her mind, she noticed the wet spot against her crotch spread along her inner thighs and hips. Misty fiddled with her chain necklace, waiting for the pee to finish. It was taking forever. The unseasonal chill had the wet fabric cooling against the sensitive flesh beneath. The pee was still going, and she still felt mostly full.

As the endless fluid continued to be expelled, she took the time to reflect on Celestine’s advice. “Something I have to confess to Alice…” she wondered. Since Misty had been introduced to Alice, she hadn’t lied to her...Misty’s eyes widened as she was hit with a sudden realization. Alice had no idea about her alternate identities, or how she had used them to manipulate her.

She felt half full, and stopped peeing for a second to move to dry ground. The puddle was getting hard to manage. She struggled into the same position, and shot through her legs. The flow had miraculously gotten stronger, and Misty cradled her soaked crotch to muffle the hissing. She got down to ¼ capacity, and had to move again. The scramble to the next wall, and finished, finally feeling gratified.

She looked down at herself. Her shoes were clean, except the rubber bottoms that had stood in her puddle. Her black jeans camouflaged her accident well, although the cold dampness was very distressing. Misty decided to tough it out in the jeans, rather than advertise what had happened by changing. She usually was nonchalant about wetting herself, but she just couldn't face it this time. Her shame for deceiving Alice merged with her frustration at her accident. She had to keep this incident hidden. She tried to act natural as she walked back to the palace, blinking back tears and shivering from the cool breeze on soaked denim.

*046*2017-08-08 01:56

I decided to change the scenery for a few chapters. I didn't specify in the story, but they will return in time to enjoy the final day of the regatta in full. I plan on writing the pissing contest championships and a wet-cloths masquerade ball. I hope you like it-SomeGirl

Ch.44: A Pre-Road Trip Pee

Alice s was packing her bag with enough clothing for 2 days. She had run into Pearl and Water Lily after breakfast, and they had mentioned that there was a spa that was offering very low rates during the regatta, and had suggested that they form a group and go together. Mary Ann apparently loved spas, which made sense considering how much she fretted over every detail, and immediately gathered everyone she could. So Blanch, Opal, Rosette, Dina, and Misty packed their bags. Misty was going to meet them there, after she finished drafting a trader’s covenant. Blanch had finished her ‘bad week’ by now, and had stored all her diapers in her luggage.

Alice finished packing, and carried her bag to the carriage. The trip was only 2 days, so she could pack light. She had packed extra underwear, as she was needing them more and more lately. Her luggage stowed, she went to the orchard restrooms. Blanch was already in a stall, her tiny feet visible under the stall. Alice locked herself in the other stall, and undid her belt. She lowered her thick black leggings and turquoise gingham-print panties down to rest on her grey convers sneakers. She settled on the toilet in her powder blue oxford and blush-pink bra. She had a second before she started peeing, so she had time to analyze the sound ringing out from Blanch’s stall.

The rabbit-girl tapped her feet lightly on the tile, seemingly having been seated above it for a long time. The stream lapping against the toilet water was being released in the same consistent stream it had been when Alice first walked in. Alice felt her own moderately full bladder start to empty, and the louder noise drown out Blanch’s steady tinkling. Alice was done after 2 seconds, and she heard the other girl still going strong. She flushed, as did Blanch, but the flow continued. Alice walked out to the sinks and washed her hands. Deciding to wait for Blanch, she knocked lightly on the door to announce her presence.

“Hey Blanch. I’m going to wait in here until we go out to the caragen.” Alice decreased, to a long, silent pause. Silent except for the pee still echoing in the bowl.

“Um, I may be a little while..” Blanch admitted.

“Oh? How long have you been going so far?” Alice leaned against the wall facing the stall.

“Well, I hurried in after breakfast…” Blanch shifted on the toilet seat, sore from sitting so long.

“It’s lunchtime now!” Alice was surprised by this revelation “How much did you drink?”

“Oh, well, I think I drank a glass more than normal. You see, when I woke up this morning, I hadn’t wet the bed. So I went to the bathroom, but I only peed a little.” she explained over the pee splashing against water “ So I went to breakfast feeling empty, and I guess I drank a bit more than usual. When I stood up to go, I suddenly felt as desperate as I’ve ever been. I wasn’t wearing a diaper, so I ran to the nearest bathroom. I mostly made it, I on peed a little before I got to the toilet.” the white panties around her ankles did have a noticeable yellow stain on them. “I think this is all what I was holding overnight, for some reason I didn’t feel it before breakfast.” The stream was still going “I think I’m finishing up. I’ll be out in about a minute, I think.” she commented, apparently having felt full until recently. Blanch sighed as the discomfort finally started to lessen, as she gradually petered out.

She finaly steped out of the stall, staind pantis in hand, and made her way to the bench along the wall. Pulling a diaper out of her purse, she slipped it on and secured it with tape. Blanch stood and walked to the sinks, her tired mango-colored skirt tumbling over the pale-pink diaper. As she washed her hands she spoke to Alice “I actually had flushed 5 times before you came in.” Alice was shocked. Even knowing about Blanch’s bladder, she was often surprised by the amounts she could release. She recalled Blanch had flushed once after she came in, and once when she finished. The bowl had sounded pretty full both times. Alice shook her head in as they made their way to the carriage. The tiny bunny-girl had filled her toilet bowl 7 times over, and was still concerned about wetting on the 35 minute trip to the spa. And she had just finished her ‘bad week’ too.

Ch.45: The Truth Comes Pouring Out

Misty finally arrived at The Porcelain Throne spa, and went straight to Alice’s room. She had needed the extra time to gather the courage to tell Alice the truth. Alice. Event the passing thought triggered an instant fullness in her bladder. Misty ignored it, needing to confess before she lost her nerve. By the time she reached Alice’s room, her bladder was throbbing around her pee. Flexing her legs, Misty knocked on the door. Alice thankfully opened the door quickly, and let Misty in. Misty was very desperate to confess.

She started before she could chicken out. “Alice, I really have to tell you something..Uhh.” Misty crossed one leg around the other, wincing.

“Do you need to use the bathroom first?” Alice offered

“NO. No, I have t-to tell you now. I was following you around for a few days before we officially met..” Alice probably looked horrified, but Misty was too busy grabbing her crotch to check. “I was wearing a disguise of...Ooo..s-Sunny..” She doubled over, trying to prevent pee from flooding her purple velvet trousers. “I also disguised myself as Skylar Grey...I’ve been doing this for years, to steal panties that have been wet in.”

There. She said it. Misty had spilled her secrets to Alice. Tears gathered in the corners of her eyes as she started to spill something else in front of Alice. The walls of her bladder burned painfully, before going lax. Misty felt her urine rush to her pants, and exit her body like it was a pressurized hose. She involuntarily dropped to her knees as she pissed her pants. The hiss seemed deafening, as did the drumming and smacking of her pee on the floor. Tears fell into the puddle, as the hot urine spread across velvet. Every inch of her trousers was now doused with urine. She looked up at Alice as she finally stopped. Alice looked shocked, confused, and angry. Misty didn’t try to stop her as she stormed out of the room. The only way to go back was more deceit, and she had finally learned the hard way how severe the consequences of lies could be.

*048*2017-08-08 19:06

I realized that I'm not super clear about passage of time. My intent is for Alice to have spent about 2 1/2 weeks in Wonderland by this point. I plan to get back to the Misty issue in the next chapter, but I feel like Alice would still be processing the revelation for a little while. Chapter 46 has male omo. Please enjoy-SomeGirl

Ch.46: Pearl Pees His Panties

“Well, maybe we could work our way up to you going to the toilet in front of me again.” Water Lily proposed to his bashful boyfreind. The had wound up on the same train to the regada, and...well..one thing led to another. In the sleeping cabins and the tiny laboratories. He really like Pearl. He was really funny when he warmed up to you. But he lacked confidence in the bathroom, despite his interest in the activity taking place within.

Pearl liked Water Lily too. He was so energetic and bold, but still kind and loving. He was falling in love fast, ever since they met at the urinals. Water Lily was a year younger, but was more experienced in the bathroom. He was very charming. Pearl had never peed on someone's lap on a first date before. But after he conquered his bashful bladder for the first time, he had hit a roadblock.

By the time they arrived at the spa, he had even started to use urinals around people other than Water Lily, although he didn’t encourage them to ‘help’. He was useing a crowded restroom in the lobby, so he was nervous. His stream was a little slow but he was making decent progress, until his worst fear came true. “Hurry it up! You're taking forever weirdo.” said a rude teenage boy shuffling behind him. His stream came to a painful, screeching halt. He stood there trying to finish what he started, because he would never make it to the single bathroom in time. The rude teenager was laughing so hard peed his pants.

The look of horror on the kid's face as he stared down at his doused jeans was too hard to watch. He zipped back up and ran back to his room, having his accident as he went. He left a thin trail of pee on the floor, detailing his escape route. He had spent the rest of the night crying in his room, peeing into a jar when it became absolutely necessary.

Water Lily had consoled him, and he felt ready to leave his room when he really had to go. But later that afternoon, he couldn’t pee in front of his boyfreind. They had been drinking vodka and cranberry cocktails for 2 hours, and Pearl always had to pee after a few of those. Alcohol made his bladder extra sensitive, and cranberries had natural diuretic properties. They were in Water Lilly’s sleeper car, and had eagerly agreed that trying to get to the bathroom down the hall was too risky. The frantic search for containers was resolved when Water Lily remembered that his duffle bag was made of plastic. The frog-boy had already unpacked in their shared room, so he had no worries as he grabbed the empty bag of the door hook.

“So, how do you wanna do this?” Water Lily was talking fast, eager for the next part.

“I want to try...aiming each other. I don’t know how the positions would work, though..” he said as he fidgeted.

“We can’t do it at the same time, but I’ve got an idea.” Water Lily said “You can go first. Your hand seems unsteady anyway.” he smirked.

Pearl followed his instructions to stand in front of the bag with his hands on his hips. He felt his boyfriend come up behind him, and put his arms around his waist. Pearl whined at his boyfriend to hurry, as Water Lily unzipped the other man’s pants. Water Lily was extra cautious as he drew the other’s penis out of his pants, and aimed it into the unzipped bag. He waited.

“You can go now. Your aimed, so you can just shoot. “ he encouraged, before realizing the problem. Pearl was trembling against him, trying to do what he desperately needed to do. He had drank 4 cocktails, he had to go so badly. Pearl whimpered at his painfully full bladder, but found himself speechless. Water Lily saw he couldn’t move or speak, and looked for another method for relief. Pearl had an erection, so zipping him back in would be difficult. Water Lily grabd a nearby towel and wrapped it around Pearl’s waist.

The second his member was out of sight, he relieved himself of copious amounts of urine. The towle had nearly filled by the time he finished his shuddering, groaning relief. Water Lily undid his pants and pushed to towel to his own erection. His sputtering piss hit the almost saturated towel with a smack. The towle overflowed in half a second, and their mixed urine dripped onto the floor. Water Lily finished dealing with his sore bladder, and guided Pearl to the bed, to deal with the lingering elections, still jutting out of their pants.

Water Lily really wanted to see Pearl pee again, even though he liked pants wetting too. He explained his plan to alleviate the situation. Pearl could try to piss himself in a lacy little thong. Pulling the powder blue garment out of his pocket, he looked at Pearl hopefully. Pearl wanted to experience peeing with Water Lily too, and nodded his head. He shyly removed his shirt, pants, and boxer-briefs, replacing them with the frilly undergarment. He was glad that Water Lily had chosen a thong that would fit a man, all though he didn’t know if it was designed for that specific purpose. The silky fabric covered and supported his genitals, the back exposing most of his ass.

He sat on the bed as Water Lily juiced 3 lemons and stirred them into a pitcher of dark iced tea. Water Lily used beet molasses as a natural sweetener, and had cold-brewed black tea overnight in the mini-fridge. He was hopeful for the night, and not only as a potential solution. He grabbed to glasses and brought the picture over to the bed. Pearl accepted the large glass, ready to enjoy the diuretic properties of Water Lily’s ‘signature cocktail’. The glass was filled with caffeinated tea, which agitated the bladder, and naturally diuretic lemon juice and beets.

Pearl finished the first glass, and was well into the 2nd when he felt his bladder alert him to it’s need. He finished the glass and asked for a 3rd. By the time he had finished, he was ready to burst. He looked at Water Lily, and received a nod of agreement. Pearl leaned back against the headboard, and stared at the ceiling as he let go. He heard Water Lily lie back and let go too, seemingly still in his jeans. His boyfriend was always so loud when he peed after a hold. The two men’s hissing formed a harmony as they silently sighed in relief.

Pearl could feel a tiny wet spot form on the silky fabric, before expanding over his his package. The sensation of warm, wet fabric resting on and caressing his penis was intoxicating. He lost all sense of time as he was carried off on waves of sensual pleasure. The spa had bed liners and waterproof mattresses in every room, so two puddles formed and connected between their bodies.

When the two streams ended, both boys just lay back to enjoy the relief for a few minutes. Tilting his chin downward, Pearl admired the appearance if Water Lily’s wet jeans. The denim was light in color, so the stain showed prominently below his waist. The material was fairly tight across the groin, even showing a slight bulge.

The bulge became more prominent as Water Lily stared at the wet thong his boyfriend still wore. Pearl did feel more confident, and would be able to let Water Lily watch next time he had to pee. But for the moment, he was satisfyingly empty. He smiled at Water Lily as he ran a hand along his thigh, prompting him to pull his boyfriend closer. Pearl winked as he unbuttoned his boyfriend's pants.

Ch.47: The Steam Room of Omo Delights

Alice followed Mary Ann out of the lockers, and into the stream room. She was ready for some relaxation after the afternoons confession. Mary Ann was wearing a navy blue one-piece swimsuit, and Alice was wearing a cornflower-blue bikini with side-tie bottoms. She sat down next to Mary Ann on one of the white-tile platform that functioned as seats, and opened the lilac body oil she had stocked up on at the spa store. The Porcelain Throne was fixated on bladders about as much as everything else in Wonderland. Alice enjoyed it somewhat, and had quickly gotten used to it since she arrived.

She scanned the room for a clue as to how this room utilized urine. She saw several other patrons already relieving themselves, in a variety of curious contraptions. Apparently the mandatory swimsuit-rule didn’t say anything about peeing through the material. Her bladder twinged, reminding her of how insistent the spa staff had been about staying hydrated. She toyed with the idea of returning to the restroom, but decided to forgo it. If she was stuck in Wonderland, she may as well assimilate. She studied the different types of chair, to decide what to use.

There were 3 varieties. One was a swing-like contraption that let the occupant suspend themselves upside down, some for one person, some for couples. She noticed Opal and Blanch sharing one. Another style had a deep indent in the chair, that could be filled with pee. Dina and Rosette were chatting on a yet-unused loveseat version. She was drawn to the third variation, a strange chair with a complex web of thick rubber bands wrapped around it.

“Hey, Mary Ann?” Alice asked “Can you help me strap into this?” she asked. Mary Ann agreed, and talked her through situating herself, and secured the bands around Alice’s body. There were a few interlocking strips putting pressure on her crotch, and one firmly tied under her bladder. Mary Ann finished by binding her legs, torso, and arms to the chair.

Alice was aware of her need to pee before, but now it was all she could think about. And the more she thought about it, the more she had to go. Mary Ann pointed out a small lever by her hands that she could pull to release herself, before her own need became to intense to endure.

To Alice’s surprise, the usually modest Mary Ann suddenly squatted in front of the chair, and started to pee through her swimsuit. Ginger wisps of hair slipped out of her loose bun, and into her face as she shivered in delight. The stream shot straight through her swimsuit, and onto the tile floor. The pounding and hissing was magnified by the tile lines-room, and showed clearly on the white floor. The pale yellow stream created a small, slightly foamy lake in front of the squating woman. Her pee came out in a powerful, diagonal jet into her puddle. Mary Ann bit her lip and shuddered as she felt her bladder near and reach emptiness. Sighing heavily, she cautiously stood, and turned to Alice.

“The chair you're in will help you hold it in for much longer than you normally could.” she taped the stiff arm Alice’s hand was strapped to. “You can let yourself out with the lever, if it's to painful to keep holding. Just so you know, you’ll release the second the bands loosen. Otherwise, you will only pee when the pressure of your bladder is higher than the pressure holding it back.” Alice nodded and Mary Ann walked away.

Alice huffed faintly, already at the point that would usually send her sprinting to the nearest toilet. Mary Ann’s demonstration had awakened Alice’s urgency, and sent water rushing into her bladder. She fidgeted impatiently. She was okay with holding a lot, but the slow build was driving her crazy. She looked around for something to move it along. Her eyes landed on Rosette and Dina, both seemingly ready for a pee break.

Dina had a slightly smaller bladder than most people, but he could almost always avoid wetting. The problem was he always had disliked holding to the point of discomfort. He looked at Rosette, who was bouncing slightly and scrunching her nose. Dina could tell she was about the same place he was in terms of fullness. The cat-boy caved to temptation, and just peed in his orange swim trunks. The glug-glug of his pee running into the dip in the bench was to enticing for Rosette to resist. She sprayed pee into the bottom half of her black-with-pink-roses bikini, darkening the rose-pattern with fluid. The new couple exchanged relaxed smiles, as their bladders emptied in tandem. Their urine formed 2 revines. And they watched as the pee spread out until the lakes met. The finally finished and when back to talking.

Alice’s plan, to watch others pee until she did, had worked to an extent. Her bladder was rock-hard and throbbing with every heartbeat, but she couldn't force out even a dribble. Gritting her teeth, she looked around for something to finish the job, and rejoiced when she realized Blanch was in sight. The bunny-girl was dangling upside down with Opal, and the mouse-girl looked ecstatic.

Opal had been drinking diuretics since lunch, and was finally reaping the benefits. She let out another stream, flowing down her and Blanch’s stomachs. Blanch’s never ending stream gushed harder as Opal got her wet. The bunny-girl was squealing and kicking at the force of the fluid rushing out. Her white hair had long been tinted yellow, and Opals brown curls sagged under both gravity and the fluid soaked in. Their cheeks were streaked with urine, and Opal kept licking her lips for a taste. The diuretics were still going strong, and Opal’s invented spigot started once more. The girls were washed in a flood of mutually-released pee.

Alice felt the pee finaly inch down to the exit, and squeezed her muscles to encourage it. The pee slowly neared her hole, but stopped. The bands! The ones on her crotch would have to be pressed out of the way too. Alice couldn’t take it anymore. She snapped the lever up, and the band immediately loosed. As the latch clicked open, her stream raced outward. Alice groaned in relief as her bladder was purged. The stream was so forceful it stung, and shot a yard away from where she reclined.

Alice slumped back in the chair as the walls of her bladder returned to their normal position. The arching jet formed a wide puddle in front of her. Her swim bottoms had a long, dark spot along the crotch. She was surprised at how fast she finished, although it was understandable, given the intensity of her stream. She sat back panting for a few minutes, before shakily standing. She sleepily said her goodbyes, and quickly showered. She slipped on the t shirt and pajama pants she had brought to change into and went to her room. She had heard so many shocking, painful revelations in the past week, but for tonight, she felt soothed as she fell asleep.

*050*2017-08-19 14:07

I got back from vacation yesterday evening, so I should be posting more often for a while. I started this chapter a while ago, but I just finished my final run through. It may take a few days to find my stride with writing, but I'll post what I can Also, Sosie is not a misspelling, just a less common name. I hope you like it -SomeGirl

Ch. 48: The Incident with Nurse Sosie

Misty woke up covered in warm stickiness. She lay there disoriented for a moment trying to grasp the situation. The situation shifted into focus in layers. She was coated in warm fluid. But it must be sweat, because her bladder was still full. Very full. She dragged herself out of bed. Misty just couldn't make herself wake-up fully, but she was too desperate to wait any longer.

She started down the hall to the bathrooms at a wobbly brisk walk. She took 2 precious minutes to realize that she had taken a wrong turn in her sleepy state. She was wearing a pair of pink-striped pajama pants and a purple tank top, but had neglected to put on shoes. She reached the corner next to the bathroom, and steadied herself against the wall. She pressed her forehead to the cool wood-paneling, and used her hand to stall her bladder. Soon, the pain in her bladder overwhelmed her half-asleep dizziness, and she forced herself to walk around the corner. By now, she needed both hands to hold back the fluid inside her, and her pace had slowed greatly.

She knew she only had seconds left, by the time she entered the 2-stall lavatory. Her body wanted to stay still, but Misty forced herself to waddle into a stall. She reluctantly removed her hand as she entered, planning to pull her pants down. Unfortunately, when she saw the toilet, she felt warm water flood the cotton garment. Misty felt her legs bow under her as she realized why her thighs were being drenched. She couldn’t say how, but she was suddenly on the floor, cheek pressed against the wet tile.

Misty’s eyes fluttered open in a unfamiliar infirmary. She shifted into a sitting position against the pillows. She moved to stand, but was overwhelmed with dizziness. As she tumbled back against the pillow, she heard the infirmary door open. The nurse had apparently heard her stirring, and come to see her. “Hello dear. I’m Dr. Sosie. Do you know what happened?” Misty shook her head, she could vaguely remember walking through a hall, but nothing elts. “You are in the spa’s infirmary. A member of the housekeeping staff found you collapsed in the bathroom. You had a high fever, but it came down with medication. You should be back to normal in a day or two.” the doctor explained.

The doctor was a curvy raccoon-woman in her mid 30s, with blush-colored ears and a striped, bushy tail. Her doe-like brown eyes blinked behind glasses, and her guava-pink hair was pulled into a low bun. Despite her job title, she wore a short, pale pink nurse costume and red heels, showcasing her dramatic hourglass figure. She clicked over to Misty, extending a thermometer to the patient. Misty opened her mouth, inevitably noticing how Dr. Sosie’s bountiful cleavage spilled fourward, buttons straining to restrain them in her dress. The cleavage receded as she stood, clucking her tongue at the number on the tiny screen.

“You have a fairly high fever.” the doctor reported “But it should be better by tomorrow night. I have you on medication, just drink plenty of fluids.” Misty noticed a faint accent in the raccoon-womans voice.

“Ok. Are you from The Land of Clubs? You have a slight accent.” Misty wondered.

The question must have made the woman uncomfortable, because she shifted in place “Oh, yes dear. I have dual citizenship, so I’m in wonderland to help with a medical study at Wonderland U. I’m just filling in for a friend who's on maternity leave, until the official substitute arrives.” Her swaying had increased, and she was bouncing from foot to foot.

“Um.. Are you ok?” Misty asked the twisting woman.

Sosie tried to give a forced smile, but only managed a grimace. “Oh, not really. You see the bathroom in the infirmary is out of order, and I can’t leave until the shift ends…” Sosie came to a sudden halt, before clamping her thighs together and clasping her self in her hands. “I d-didn’t know the bathroom was out of order, so I was planning on going when I arrived. I come to work right after I wake up, so I haven’t peed since I went to bed. Probably about 14 hours now..” she stooped down and bit her lip with a pained expression.

“You can leave for a minute…” Misty muttered. She was trying to avoid the behaviors that had landed her in trouble, mainly orchestrating elaborate schemes to make others wet themselves. The doctor shook her head.

“I’d rather wet myself than break protocol, though I hope to avoid it.” Sosie huffed, holding herself with more force. Her grip was gathering more fabric as she continued to increase her grip. And there wasn’t a ton of material from the start. The top-half of her dress was pulled down, buttons straining to remain closed, and the short skirt was riding higher and higher along her wide hips. Her face reddened as it contorted into a pained wince. Sosie leaned forward to get a better grip, and grasped herself between the legs.

Misty watched, unsure what to do. Dr. Sosie put all the pressure she could muster on her opening, with unfortunate results. Her tiny dress was constricted past its limits, and the buttons finally gave out. Her was short skirt finally pushed above her waist in the same instant, just as her bladder muscles collapsed under their burden. Her briefs darkened with moisture, the blush-pink silk shading to salmon. As her upper body slumped in relief, the matching full-cup bra restrained the influx of bouncy flesh. The stream hissed as it escaped onto the hard floor of the infirmary, splashing against the linoleum. Her face relaxed into an expression of deliverance, eyes sliding shut, lips stretching into a tranquil smile.

“Mmmm. Ah.Haa..” Sosie moaned, thighs trembling as they were soaked by her long postponed relief. The warm pee was flowing into her hands, still in position on her crotch. The feeling of ecstasy grew as her bladder emptied further. Her legs were fully soaked, and she stood in a wide golden puddle. She couldn’t stop moaning as she finally felt the last drop come out. The distended walls of her bladder went slack, starting to return to their natural shape. She slowly came down, and awkwardly walked to the closet for some cleaning towels. Despite her mild embarrassment, she couldn't help but revel in how much better she felt after relieving herself.

Misty had spent the incident reflecting. Regardless of how erotic the show had been, she still felt less excited than she had with Alice. She couldn’t go back to how she was before she fell in love, not having seen the world through the lense of love. Misty sighed. She had to give a clear apology. When the nurse returned, she asked her to send for Alice. No point in avoiding the issue.

