WTF is that?

Author: satyr

*000*2016-03-06 02:28

“What in the ever-living fuck is that?” Nora said.

“Oh, that's just a mattress protector. I put it there since you wet the bed last time you stayed here,” her aunt said.

“I was seven!”

Her aunt shrugged on the way out of the room. Brian looked like he was having the time of his life. He was grinning so wide you'd have thought he was on drugs. “You never told me you wet the bed until you were seven,” he said.

“It was one time.”

“Still, why didn't you tell me?” Brian asked. He was still smiling, but at least he had the decency to suppress his chuckles.

“It wasn't important. And it's embarrassing,” Nora said.

“I told you about all my most embarrassing memories.” It was true. Brian had spilled the beans on everything stupid he'd ever done. One highlight was that time he got his tongue stuck to a light pole. That wouldn't have been so bad, except he was fourteen. He wanted to prove to his mates that it took more than five minutes for your tongue to freeze. Of course, it did freeze, and then he panicked and ripped his tongue away from the pole and shredded off the skin on half of it. A mental image formed in her head: Brian at fourteen, probably pimply, with his Beatles mop, bleeding from his tongue and crying in front of all his mates. It was an adorable image: like a whimpering puppy, it triggered a maternal instinct. She just wanted to pick up fantasy Brian and tell him everything was gonna be okay.

“What are you smiling about?” Brian asked. “Something funny about peeing in your bed?”

“Forget it,” Nora said.

“Let's just leave it there,” Brian said. “It's not like you're actually going to put it through the paces. Are you?”

Nora shook her head. “No, of course not.”

This was the first time Brian visited her hometown, although he'd met her parents before. They were staying at her aunt's because Nora's older sister had occupied the guest bedrooms in their childhood home with her cohort of kids. Three of them, two more than Nora could ever imagine herself having. Maybe one kid, one day. Brian would make a good father. She was less worried about him than about herself.

“How come we never came here before? It's beautiful out here,” Brian said. It was evening and their breath filled the air with frosty puffs. During the day, it was spring and hot enough, but at night it was still cold.

“This town creeps me out,” Nora said.

“Seems nice enough,” Brian said.

“It's a certain… je ne sais quoi,” Nora said. “There was nothing really bad about my childhood. Nothing really happened to me or anyone else. But there's something about the atmosphere. Here, let me demonstrate.” She fished out a cigarette and a lighter.

“You always carry props?” Brian asked.

Nora punched him in the arm, lit up. She crossed her eyes to focus on the glowing tip of the cigarette, a light in the darkness, and inhaled. Then she exhaled and let the smoke hang in the air, swirling around the two of them like a shroud. Finally, when it was all but invisible, she spoke. “See? We all know how bad cigarettes are for us. And when we see the smoke, we think about that. But now, it's just barely visible. The cancer-making particles and soot are still there, only half dissolved in the air. It might not kill you right away, but it's there. That's how I feel about this town. It's like I sense something barely visible, and I know if I keep breathing it in, eventually it's going to kill me.” She passed Brian the cigarette.

“You know, I grew up in the city. I always had this romantic idea of small towns out in the country,” Brian said on the exhale. “Towns where everyone knows everyone else.”

“I hate that. Can't stand it. I hate knowing that everyone here knows me, or else they know someone who knows me. I love walking on the street in a city and knowing there's more than two degrees of separation between me and them. Here, once you have a reputation, you can never escape it. But then there's the whole six degrees thing.”

“You know that study is bullshit,” Brian said. “They only counted the letters that arrived in the correct destination. They didn't factor in all those that got lost on the way.”

Nora put her hands around him. He spun her around and placed her on his lap, sitting on the swing on the porch. He was warm, and she leaned into him and smelled the aroma of cologne and faint sweat. They sat there for a while, and then they went inside. “Make sure to pee before bed,” Brian said with a wink.

“Oh no, you didn't,” Nora said, but she did go to the bathroom. She hadn't been since noon and the feeling of finally letting go was marvelous. It wasn't until she got her jeans down and was about to start on her panties that she felt how much she really needed to go. Her bladder sensed imminent release and gave an involuntary push—for a moment, Nora was afraid it was going to come out in her underwear. That would have definitely leaked out tonight, she thought as she peed in the toilet.

Nothing more was said about it. Nora snuggled up toward Brian and fell asleep.

She woke up to a hand on her crotch. Morning light was passing through the sieve of blinds. “Brian, what are you doing?” She said, not displeased.

“Checking to see that nobody had an accident tonight,” he said. She spun on top of him and punched him the chest. He responded by tickling her under the armpits, then pulling her into a kiss. She returned him—rough, skin-peeling lips, the cold perhaps, but those were her lips to kiss—and then they tumbled around, spun into the blankets, came rolling down on the floor. She unhooked her bra, and he buried himself in her chest, and began working on her panties. “Ah ha!” He said triumphantly into her ear. “I sense something moist down there.”

“You're cheating,” she breathed. “It's that special kind of moistness.” He took care of that. In the middle of the act, there was a knock on the door. Without further announcing her entrance, Nora's aunt opened the door up to find her niece and her niece's boyfriend on the floor, nude limbs sticking out from under the blankets. Nora lay still on top of Brian, with him still inside her.

“Breakfast if you want some,” said her aunt and smiled. She left the door open. So much for adult playtime. They got dressed and walked downstairs, passing the bathroom on the way.

Soon enough, they were walking down what passed for a Main Street, hand in hand. As they passed the barber shop—they still had a barber shop, a real men's salon where old men would sit and talk all day and beards were trimmed with expert precision—a man glared at them through the window. His eyes didn't let go of them until they were out of sight, and he didn't blink once. “That's the sort of thing I was talking about last night,” Nora said. “People will just randomly stare you down if you show up with an outsider. Trying to figure out which aunt's sister-in-law's kid you are, that sort of thing. You know what the first thing they ask you when you meet a stranger here?” Brian shook his head. “Who you under? In the local dialect, it means, who are your parents and what kind of bastard are you that I've never heard of you?”

Brian chuckled. “That's funny. Where I come from, they ask who your homies are and who can vouch that you aren't a narc.”

“Very funny, mister tough guy. I know you don't come from the hood.”

He prodded her side with his elbow. “There's quite a bit of crime, actually. Breaking and entering, drugs, thugs coming from the other side of town to rob a gas station sort of thing. My neighborhood may not be the hood, but if the worst thing that happens here is the barber stares at you, I'd have moved here in a heartbeat.”

Nora smiled. She spotted a coffee shop and dragged him with her. “Now,” Nora whispered. “Here's the deal. You're gonna be a perfect gentleman and buy me a coffee, and then we're going to sit down in that corner—” she nodded toward the back—“and talk to those bitches. I know them, and I want to show off my handsome boyfriend.”

Brian laughed. “Shall I carry the missus across the doorstep?” But he did buy her a coffee, and one for himself, and they sat down in the corner.

“Christine! Joanna! So nice to see you!” Nora was inwardly happy to see that the old bitch squad never got anywhere in life. She caught her schadenfreude before it bubbled across her face and suppressed a gleeful smile, contorting her mask into a guise of friendliness. Christine and Joanna, both rounder and fuller since the last time Nora saw them, returned the gesture. She was sure they felt the opposite of her: a kind of shame that manifested as resentment. Or perhaps Nora had just been reading too much Machiavelli. Beside Joanna was an infant in a stroller. No man was to be seen.

“You had a kid!” Nora said. “Boy or girl?” It was hard to tell. The baby was dressed all in gray, and it was too young to have features clearly distinguishing the sexes. She leaned toward boy, but thought she'd ask. Joanna was going to travel to India, she was going to see the world and then move to Africa and help poor, sick little kids with brown skin, or something like that. Evidently that didn't work out.

“He's a boy, that's Joseph, or Joe,” Joanna said. “Isn't he just adorable?” Nora nodded. Of course he was. Nora had seen many infants in her life, and not a single one of them was ugly. There was something about the little nubs of flesh that triggered adoration. Around three or four was when infant cuteness syndrome wore off and the kids started looking like their future selves, ugly or handsome.

“Oh, I forgot,” Nora said as she sat down. “This is Brian. Johansson. My boyfriend.”

“Johansson, is that Swedish?” Christine asked. She was still pretty, perhaps more so now that she'd rounded out and gone from half a girl to one whole woman. Nora felt a sting of resentment. But then she remembered the way Brian had caressed her that morning, and instantly felt better. Brian was the sort of happy-go-lucky guy who was never in a relationship and never quite single, always hopping from woman to woman—before he met her. That he finally settled down (three years going) was something that had earned Nora more than one high five from his buddies.

“My great grandfather was. On a scale from fajitas to Barack Obama, I'm almost president-level American full-blood,” Brian said.

“Barack Obama wasn't born in the US,” said Christine. Great. Of course she was a birther. Better move the conversation along. Nora sipped at her coffee and subconsciously crossed her legs.

“So what are you up to these days?” Nora asked.

“Stay at home mom, and proud of it,” said Joanna.

“Accounting,” Christine said. “And you?”

“I'm a freelance designer.” She crossed her legs again. “Brian's an assistant professor of medieval history. I'm showing him around town.”

They talked for a while, superficial conversation. Nora kept her legs crossed and brushed Brian's hand off her when it took a detour under the table, but secretly, she enjoyed it.

“Wow,” Brian said when they were back out on the street. “So much hate wrapped up in niceness. What did those girls ever do to you?”

Nora blushed. “You know what,” she said, squeezing his hand, “meeting them made me feel really little. Like I was twelve again, and still hated those girls for being popular mean girls. But they're really just normal adults now. Nothing special about them. I don't know why I ever bothered to care about them. There's literally no reason why I should give a damn.”

“Damn straight,” Brian said. He spotted a bar toward the end of the street. It was two in the evening, and the sign in the window said it was open. “We're on vacation,” Brian announced. He said it so loudly a woman on the sidewalk across the street turned around. “I say we become day drinkers. Fuck it.” Nora followed him towards the bar, the bar she'd worked at during the summer after she graduated college. Old Rick was still behind the bar. There were a couple of middle-aged men in one of the booths, but otherwise the place was deserted. It was only two, after all. Old Rick set out a round of shots on the bar, on the house. Once they'd downed them, he poured another round.

“There's my favorite vixen,” he said. Old Rick was a short, heavy-set man, old school with suspenders holding up wide pants and a belly hanging out wide over a leather belt. He always spoke in sexist terms, yet somehow, perhaps because of his age, perhaps because he was always so humble and polite, he made it seem like old-timey fun and not creepy old man antics. Old Rick had been old as long as Nora had known him, and he was still running the bar. The man must be nearing eighty, with wiry, wrinkled hands and eyes peeking out from heavy folds of skin. “I always did so enjoy watching her squirm her pretty self all over this place, serving customers.”

Brian arched his eyebrows. “What do you mean?”

“Oh, she was always so busy, always serving customers. She did have an habit, see.”

“A habit?” Brian said.

“Always leaving it till the last minute, see. Runnin' down there to the ladies' at the end of the night sweat on her brow and tense all over, see.”

Brian laughed. “Two beers, if you will. You're a funny old man, you know that?” Old Rick nodded. Nora suspected he knew quite well that's how he came across. She had always discounted the rumors about the man. He never did anything lewd to her, and he certainly had the opportunity. It was her own decision to walk around in—god, she blushed at the thought of it—walking around in miniskirts and g-strings and shirts that showed plenty of cleavage. Now she was more modestly dressed, in a buttoned-up shirt with the neck peaking out of a woolen sweater inside a denim jacket, jeans and sneakers on her lower half. Brian turned to her. “Yeah, I did notice that.”

“Did you also notice I always make it?” Nora said. She was aware that she needed to pee, now, but of course she couldn't go now. She had to wait until their next pit stop or look like a fool. Briefly, she wondered why she was still trying to impress Brian. They'd been together so long. What was there left to prove? Now he even knew that she'd wet her aunt's bed when she was seven. Nora didn't have any secrets darker or more embarrassing than that, and if anything it'd boosted Brian's lust for her.

“Famous last words. Cheers!” Brian said. They both gulped down more beer than they could handle, and Nora coughed.

“Fuck,” she said. “Alright.” She crossed her legs discreetly on the stool. Her bladder gave a throb as if to remind her of its presence. She ignored it. “It was always so busy here. No time to sneak off for a cig or a quick pee. This place used to be the local watering hole for old men like Rick and young studs like, well, like you,” she said.

“But not anymore?” Brian asked.

“Those Walkers opened a place on the outskirts of town, see,” said Old Rick. “Took all my business from right under me. But never you worry. I started with a pair of hands and a cabinet of liquor, no customer base to lean on, and I survived. Now I'm back where I started, except people know my name.” He nodded thoughtfully. His eyes would glaze over and he'd stare out as if counting the motes of dust swirling in the slat of light from the window, and nobody knew what was going through his head. Nora assumed he had visions of his late wife, who'd died the summer she worked there.

Young Lila, Rick called her, presumably just as an antonym to his own moniker, because she was barely younger than him. Old Rick had been gone three days to arrange the funeral, and three hours for the service, but then he'd been back at the bar as if nothing had happened. He handled the loss stoically. Nora considered how she'd react if Brian fell off his stool and died right now. She concluded that she'd be in bed, crying in the fetal position for three months at the least.

“Right,” Nora said. “So, yeah. The Walker family are the richest people in town. They own a lot of forest, some buildings they rent out. They opened a modern club a few blocks from here and started hiring semi-famous Djs and hosting parties. Drew the young crowd away.” She discreetly snuck a hand into her lap. She was now very aware that she needed to pee, but she could hold it.

Brian nodded thoughtfully and drained his glass. “Another?” He said, and before she could shake her head no, he'd already ordered. If she were to drink another beer, she'd have to pee before they left.

Old Rick came over with their beer. He didn't operate like she was used to in the city: didn't pick up your glass and hand you another one, he served you more beer in your beer glass. Why waste a perfectly fine glass? Why do twice the washing? It was plain logic. “You've grown into a fine woman, Nora,” he said. “I'm sure your father would be proud. You see anything of him these days?”

Brian put a hand over her own, and must surely have noticed that hers was pressed into her crotch. Nora's dad had left when she was young, and in addition to birthday and Christmas presents, she'd seen him twice since she turned nine. The last time was six years ago, the summer after college. He hadn't said much, just told her he was in town and wanted to see her. They had met in his camper van, which also housed a new, pretty young wife—although her gaze was distant and old, the light that burns brightly in youth extinguished long ago—and a young kid, her adoptive half-brother. Jason, age 6 ½. She hadn't seen Jason again either. Her father had explained that he was going to drive across the country, there was some talk of complicated plans, a business scheme that sounded barely legal, and just like that, he was gone.

The Christmas and birthday presents ceased to arrive, his phone number was disconnected, and for all Nora knew he'd run away and started a circus with his new wife and kid. Brian knew all this, and he squeezed her hand hard. He seemed to take this chain of events more seriously than Nora did; to be honest, the loss of a father she never really had in the first place felt more like the inevitable end game of a grand scheme than an emotional trauma. But then again, Brian's parents were still together and he was tight with them. To him, having only one parent must seem like a great loss.

“Hey, is this a local brew?” Brian said, redirecting the conversation before it veered into territory he thought Nora would be uncomfortably with. Nora shrugged and released herself from his grip. She needed that hand to squeeze down when her bladder pushed against her will.

“Yes sir, one of those microbreweries. Local guy, I know him. Very nice man. You get what you pay for,” said Old Rick.

“You mean I'm paying extra?” Brian said and laughed. “You never told me that!”

“This fine young woman and her handsome escort are never payin' full price, no sir,” said Old Rick.

“Thank god,” said Brian, and nudged Nora. His elbow swung a little faster and wider than he must have intended. It hit her right in the bladder, and the sudden pressure overwhelmed her defenses. Before she knew it, she felt herself let go, and frantically scissored her legs while pulling on all the muscle her Kegel exercises had built up. It was only a second, but she felt the wetness between her legs and a tiny spot on her bum. Nora felt blood rushing to her cheeks. It was needed: the rest of her was frozen, probably in a comical expression of surprise. She had never, ever peed herself. Not once.

Since she wet the bed at her aunt's, she'd kept her panties dry, not so much as a leak for over twenty years. It was what adults did, right? Adults didn't pee their pants. Her friends had admitted that they sometimes leaked a little during exercise, who doesn't, right? Nora had always considered it to be an illness, something they probably ought to go check out with their doctor. She'd never experienced anything like it. A chill ran down from her neck toward her spine, and her crotch felt uncomfortably warm and sticky. She'd had so many close calls working the bar, but that was out of necessity, she told herself. Although now she had to admit it was maybe due to bad habit. Whatever it took, she always held it.

Now she was clearly wet, but she didn't dare look down to see if any showed on her pants. All these thoughts rushing through her head in a span of five seconds. Nora was faced with three choices: 1) pretend like nothing happened, talk nonsense for five minutes and excuse herself, just long enough for it not to seem like her trip to the ladies' was related to the unfortunate elbow to the pelvis; 2) not say anything, just go; (3) fess up, make a big deal of it, which involved at least two sub-choices: 3a), laugh about it, “Brian, you stupid idiot, you just made me pee a little!” or 3b), cry, run home. All these branches before her, and an image sprang up in her mind of a futuristic setup where a screen implanted in a contact lens would show them to her and visualize simulations of how the environment would react.

In the end, she chose option 1). She replaced her hand in her crotch and continued talking as if nothing happened. “You'd be paying twice that over at the Walkers',” she said. “You know what they called their club? THE CLUB. That's literally what it's called, in capital letters. 'Come see DJ Ali at THE CLUB.' I'm sure they bribed a journalist at the Herald, because even the paper always writes it in capital letters. Picture caption:” She waved her hands in front of her, conjuring from thin air a picture of two suit-clad men in front of a nightclub.

“John and Mortimer Walker are happy about the turnout at their latest club event at THE CLUB.” She raised her voice every time she said THE CLUB, as if to illustrate the capital-letter nature of the name. “And in tiny letters at the bottom of the article: 'The owner of this newspaper also owns a minority stake in THE CLUB. This will not affect our editorial coverage in any way.'” She whispered the last bit, except, of course, THE CLUB, which was as loud as ever.

“Really? That's hilarious,” Brian said. He was clearly buzzing from the shots and the two beers he'd downed in rapid succession. Nora also felt a little buzz, but her aching bladder seemed to sober her up every time it pulsed, which was getting to be more frequently. She almost felt like she was giving birth. Soon the water would break. “You know what we should do?” Brian asked. “We should… Come along!” He grabbed her hand and she had no choice but to follow. So much for a quick trip to the ladies'. Brian was such a chill guy, always relaxed and laid back, but when he got a little drink in him and got really excited, there was no stopping him. He just had to climb that tree, or bring that traffic sign home as a trophy of drunken misadventures.

As Nora left, she spotted a tiny but unmistakeable urine stain on the seat of her stool. She hoped nothing showed on her pants. Yet. It would soon, though, unless she found some relief. Nora had been in this situation many times before, she tried to remind herself. The feeling of desperately needing to relieve herself was nothing new. But she'd never leaked before, and this had her slightly panicked. Nora had never seriously entertained the possibility that she might actually pee her pants. Now that seemed like a distinct possibility.

“Which way to THE CLUB?” Brian said, out on the street. As soon as she pointed in a direction, he grabbed her hand tight and dragged her along. “Listen to this,” Brian said. He had a mischievous smile on his lips. “We're going to break into THE CLUB.”

Nora stopped and disentangled her hand. As soon as she did, her whole belly seemed to swoosh and swish around, and settled like an anchor, dragging on all the liquid and forcing it towards the only viable exit: her pants. She crossed her legs tightly. Her thighs ground into each other and her pelvic floor tightened. Brian seemed not to notice. “Have you gone absolutely positively utterly fucking coo-coo?” Nora said. “You want to become a felon and really experience life in the hood, behind bars?”

“Reeelax,” said Brian. “It's not breaking and entering if we find an unlocked door or open window or something, right? It's just… entering. I don't intend to break anything.”

They were walking at a brisk pace in the direction of THE CLUB. Each step, Nora felt closer to leaking again. “What do you even think you're gonna do in there?”

“I'm going to steal a glass.”

“You're going to...” He was dragging her into certain embarrassment and likely imprisonment to steal a glass?

“Steal a glass. I just want to be able to tell people they'll be getting drinks from the club when they come over to our house.”

All this for a pun? Suddenly, her bladder seemed to invert and tumble around in the fourth dimension, altering its topology in just such a way as to exert maximum force on her poor pee-hole. Nora stopped and buried her hands in her crotch. By now even tipsy Brian ought to realize what was up. “Brian, I have to be honest. I don't have time for this bullshit. I really, really need to pee.”

“Somebody getting squirmy? Didn't you say you always make it?” Brian nudged her again. Just like last time, he hit below the belt, or at least where the belt would be if she were wearing boxing shorts. The pressure was too much, and for another second, she peed. Nora was able to clench shut, but further wetness had spread around her crotch. She looked down and to her horror, there was a quarter-sized spot between her legs. She was wearing medium dark jeans, nothing too noticeable unless you were looking for it. But her words and her gaze was calling attention to it, and surely Brian must have noticed. She'd peed her pants like a toddler, there was no denying it. And she didn't even feel a tiny bit of relief. Ninety-eight percent of the liquid was still in her bladder.

“Brian, stop it, it's not funny. I would have made it if you didn't drag me away from the bar. I was just about to go. And now...” Her gaze was still downcast, focused on that wet spot between her legs, but she was determined not to lose it and forced herself to look up. “Now I don't even know if I can hold it. Like, I'm about to explode.”

Brian squeezed her hand. “I'm sorry, honey. Does it hurt? We can turn back.”

“We're already closer to the fucking CLUB. Let's just go there and fucking not break but enter and I'll go pee there before I pee my pants.” She began walking resolutely towards the next street corner. As they rounded it, the gaudy facade of THE CLUB revealed itself. It was dark, with stars and planets across the windows, and an overhang with big capital letters mounted like an old-fashioned cinema sign. There was a red carpet, inlaid with LED lights that would shine in every color of the rainbow come night time. And of course the front door was locked.

“Let's go around back,” Brian said. They walked through a short alley, and Nora looked longingly at the garbage cans, but she'd still be too exposed to the street if she were to squat down there. She spotted a staff door and pulled on it. The door was unlocked. “All right, don your ski mask, it's time to go thieving,” said Brian. It struck Nora how absurd this whole situation was. Here they were, two adults nearing thirty, stable relationships, good jobs, and they were tipsy at three thirty in the evening, about to break into a nightclub. And she was about to pee her pants. Had already begun peeing her pants.

It was dark. Brian hit a light switch, but then they came out into a room facing the street, and she told Brian off when he tried to switch on the light in there. Someone might see. Brian went rooting around the back of the bar, looking for a glass with THE CLUB's logotype on it. Nora returned to the staff area, looking for a toilet. She found one, locked. Defeated, she hobbled over to the bar again, stopping every few steps to hold herself. Just as she neared the bar, she bumped into something in the darkness. She stubbed her toe, and as the pain soared up from the tip, she lost it for a moment. A little stream of pee warmed her nether regions and traveled down her inner thigh, soaking into her jeans, then exiting at the bottom of her pants leg, into her sneaker. “Fuuuuuuuck,” Nora said.

“What's up?” Brian said.

“Nothing. Nothing.” Absolutely nothing. I just peed my pants, no big deal. It had only been a three second stream. There must be at least a minute worth of volume inside her. She hadn't peed since last night—the close call before bed. Jesus. Was she going incontinent? “Let's just get out of here.” Thankfully, it was too dark in the room for Brian to see what must be a noticeable wet trail down her leg. Nora pushed at her crotch, then soldiered on. Brian grabbed something from the bar and high-tailed it out of there.

Out in the alley, Nora wanted to cry. She wanted to rip down her pants and pee on the streets. She wanted to disappear into the ground. Neither of those was an option. Luckily, they were on the outskirts of town. Behind THE CLUB was a steep hill, still undeveloped. In a few years, Nora was sure, the Walkers would find a way to litter the hill with apartment buildings and sell them to some unfortunate suckers like Brian, the types who liked the idea of a small town where everyone knows everyone, the types who didn't know what was coming for them. But for now, it was just a hill, with an occasional tree. There wasn't enough cover to squat anywhere on the hillside, but on top was a forested area called Lover's Lookout. “Come on,” Nora said, eying the top. “I'm gonna show you where all the teens go to make out at night. It's where I had my first kiss. Don't be jealous.”

“Up there?” Brian pointed toward the top with his free hand. In the other, he held a glass and a stolen bottle of liquor. She nodded. They began climbing the hill. It had been raining, so the ground was muddy and slippery, and some places there was still ice from the night before. One time, she slipped and felt herself leak for a moment. Nora was sure anyone lucky enough to look up toward the hill at that moment would get a view of her shapely ass, stained with pee. She reached back and felt her butt; there was a sizable wet patch already. Finally, they reached the top. Brian cavalierly stepped over the edge first and helped her up. From Lover's Lookout, they could see the entire town. Just a dozen blocks or so scattered across an otherwise rural area. She could see farms in the distance. The main road into and out of town snaked its way toward her right. Nora crossed her legs. Up here, just a few feet behind her, were some bushes and trees. She could get her sweet relief right now.

Brian had other plans. He cupped her head in his hands. “Is this the first place you did this?” He leaned in and kissed her passionately. Despite her state, Nora enjoyed his touch. She teased him with her tongue in his mouth, but then she pulled back.

“Brian, I—”

Brian reached behind her and cupped her butt. For a moment, he retracted his hands, no doubt reacted to the wetness, but then he reached down again and kissed her. She pushed herself away from him. “Brian, stop it. You're already further along than my first boyfriend ever got. It's not that I don't enjoy it, it's just, I'm about to…”

At that moment, a tidal wave rushed down towards the bottom of her bladder, and she had no more strength to contain it. Nora felt herself begin to release, a small trickle at first, but rapidly, it grew to a flood. The warm pee spread inside her panties and rushed out, into her pants, then out the gap where her legs met, splashing down the back of her legs, a triforked river delta forming in her pants, with one stream going down each of her legs and a third straight down, through her pants and falling toward the ground. It splattered against half-frozen leaves and into the dirt, then the stream seemed to divide again and she had rivers running down the front and back of her legs. Brian stood two feet from her and stared in amazement.

Nora felt her jeans grow wetter and heavier, and soon all the streams had joined and she was wet front to back, all the way from her crotch to her feet on both sides. Her pants were glistening, dark, dark blue in the fading light. She felt exhausted, and the relief was something out of the Kama Sutra. Like she imagined shooting heroin would be like. Or perhaps S&M was a better comparison. Because mixed with the euphoric relief was shame. Shame that it got to this. Shame that she'd helped steal from a nightclub, that she'd peed her pants, that she'd proven her silly aunt right. Shame that she had just pissed her pants in front of her boyfriend. The stream dwindled to a trickle, down into her sneakers. Her socks were wet and her shoes squished when she moved. Then she was done. Out of pee and out of words.

A loud fart rang out. Brian shrugged his shoulders. “Damn, I'd been holding that in for a while. Call it a solidarity fart.” Nora couldn't help but smile. It was so stupid, but she was glad Brian had broken the awkward silence. The wind ran through her wet pants and sent chills all over her. Nora dragged her jacket closer around her. Her boyfriend opened his arms and invited her to an embrace. She stepped in. His arms wandered down to her butt again, now thoroughly soaked.

“Aren't you disgusted?” Nora said.

“By pee? Generally, yes. I mean, I don't like it. But, like...” He cupped one of her butt cheeks. It squished, and Nora felt a little trickle release from around her butt pocket and advance down her inner thigh. “It's like, this came out of you. It's your pee. A person I love. I gotta love all of you, even the pee. Even when you have a piss accident like a little girl.”

“I'm not, though,” Nora said.

“No, you aren't,” he agreed. “I'd never think about doing to a little girl the kinds of things I'm about to do to you.”

She squealed as he swooped her up, arms firmly clutching her wet behind, and carried her into the bushes. They left behind a plain glass—it had no logo. Not the liquor, though. The liquor came to good use, after.

*003*2016-03-06 14:36

{{: 

I was confused beyond belief when I looked at the new topic and realized I'd read the story before. Took me a moment to remember why x.x Anyway, the story is still great. I think the space there did help make the going to sleep waking up sequence feel less rushed as well o.o

}}

Thank you.

I was drunk when I posted this, resulting in perhaps the least creative title in the history of omorashi stories.

I now see at least one more thing that I could have done better: the aunt. She was supposed to be a quirky character; most people wouldn't assume that someone still wet the bed as an adult just because they did when they were seven. But as the writing progressed, she was shoved into the background to the point that she's barely in the story at all. Oh, well.

I hope it was enjoyable anyway.

*006*2016-03-06 16:29

{{: 

This question struck me as rhetorical... Nora didn't seem very committed to keep her panties dry.

}}

I very much enjoy characters that are a little prideful about their holding abilities. So they will forgo opportunities to pee if they think that will somehow make them look bad. Like in this story, once it's pointed out that Nora has a tendency to get desperate, she can't go immediately because then that would validate the assertion. And her aunt's implication from earlier in the story.

Thank you for your kind words

*008*2016-03-06 17:24

{{: 

If you don't mind me asking; how many hours do you work on a story of this length? (You don't have to share the magic if you don't want to, I'm just curious.)

}}

This one? Maybe 5-6 hours. I tend to get mad spurts of inspiration and just sit down banging on the keyboard until a first draft is done. My biggest gripe with my own process is that I should be spending more time editing, but it's so much more fun to write a first draft than it is spending time fussing over details!

*011*2016-03-08 10:54

{{: 

Loved it, very real and very sexy

Also i just realized that you wrote 'a sisterly rivalry' - loved that too, pushed all the right buttons. if you ever feel like continuing it you should definitely embrace the urge

}}

Thank you. That story is pretty well finished, though. I've several other stories I've promised to follow up on at some point.

{{: 

Awesome story! Definitely hit some of my favorite plot points in this genre ;)

I don't know if you have any plans to follow it up at all but I would love some more!

}}

No plans, we'll see.

*014*2016-03-09 06:06

{{: 

That was pretty good. If I might offer some very humble and informal advice, maybe try writing it in the first person next time? There is a lot that could be simplified that way, and it might make it a more easy read.

}}

Sometimes I write in the first person, other times not. I don't find third person any harder to read, and I don't see how it confuses things here. Maybe you'd like to point it out?

*017*2016-03-11 09:57

The story is told in the third person limited mode. It uses third person grammar, but conveys the subjective feelings and thoughts of the viewpoint character. This is the dominant mode in contemporary writing; most novels are written this way. I don't mind critique, but I happen to disagree with it.

