My first fiction story

Author: Shaira

*000*2021-07-19 10:17

I finally decided to stop lurking here, and actually start contributing.

This is my first story. I have couple more on my drive, but I'm not sure yet if I'm comfortable enough to share them, or if they're even any good (let me know your opinions). My writing focuses on "interesting" parts. That's why my stories are divided into chapters, and some of them might be pretty short - basically in between chapters there's some time (couple of hours, or sometimes couple of days, or even weeks) where characters are living pretty normal live. And potentially fun Easter egg: all my stories share the same universe, which means that sometimes there may appear some characters, or events from my other stories - I'm not forcing it in, so it won't necessarily happen in all of them, but it may happen.

Oh! And a warning (even if it's already in the tags): Characters in this story are in high school, and this story contains blackmail, and humiliation. If you're not okay with this - this is not the story for you. Relax, there are plenty of different stories on this site.

Characters:

- Jessica – Beautiful girl with long, brown hair.

- Elizabeth (Ela) – cute redhead, Jessica's friend.

Chapter 1: Wet evening

It was Friday afternoon. Jessica came back home from school, wearing tight jeans and a blouse, and out of habit yelled:

- I'm home! - Only then, after closing the front door she remembered she got a text from her mum, telling her that they'll be out for weekend.

She tossed her bag on the corridor floor, and went to kitchen, to make herself a dinner. She popped some mac&cheese into the microwave, and sat in front of the TV with a plate.

After couple of hours in front of the TV she started feeling a pressure in her bladder, but she decided it's not urgent enough for her to miss her show, and she decided to continue watching. On the show she was watching one of female characters was desperate to pee, and barely made it to the toilet. Jessica seeing that, and feeling her by now quite full bladder thought:

- I wonder how it feels to pee your pants... - She thought on that for a while, and then she came to a decision:

- Well... I have a whole house to myself for the weekend... It's not like anyone could see me... - Jessica stood up, looked around, and moved away from the couch. Her heart was pounding. She tried to pee.

- Oh! I can't force it! - she said irritated, and stopped for a moment – But then again... I'm quite desperate already... I bet some water would cause it to spill over. - She went to the kitchen, and poured herself a full glass of water. She looked at it for couple of seconds, before chugging it all down, and immediately pouring another one, which she placed on the counter. She was getting really desperate now, and needed to hold herself.

- Ooh! I'm almost there! - She stopped for couple of seconds, and started to pee-pee-dance – I need more! - She got another glass, and filled it with water. By now she was getting really excited and a bit turned on. She drank both glasses of water, like they were shot glasses, and hopped back to the living room. On the way she felt little spouts of pee hit the material of her panties. The moist panties made her even more excited. By now she really needed to focus in order to hold it, and she felt like her bladder is about to explode. Couple more spouts left her bladder soaking through her panties and into her jeans, which had a small wet spot now, which made her more, and more excited.

- Omg this is so hot... I need more! - She hopped into the kitchen, and drank another two glasses of water. The wet patch on her jeans started to spread down her legs, and was very visible by now. She hopped back to the living room, but she couldn't get all the way there before her bladder gave up, releasing a torrent of pee, which soaked right into her panties, and then jeans, to eventually end up in a huge puddle on the floor. Jessica was frozen for this whole time, and quite a while after that.

- Oh my god I'm so horny right now... I should change, but... this is so hot, and the floor needs cleaning now. - She chuckled to herself, and started mopping the floor in her still wet jeans. When she was done, she went up to masturbate, put her clothes in the washing machine, and take a shower. It was definitely one of the best evenings of her life.

###

So that's chapter 1. I already have chapter 2 ready, but I want to see if someone'll actually enjoy it. Chapter 2 is where the blackmail actually begins - just to tease you a bit.

*002*2021-07-22 01:20

I'm so happy people are enjoying my writing. This shows exactly how I feel right now (0:21 to about 0:30):

%https://youtu.be/FqymDgkv4oE?t=21

Anyway, without further ado:

Chapter 2: Blackmailing locker

On Monday Jessica went to school, wearing short plaid skirt and a top. She went to her locker.

- Hi Ela! How are you? - She said to her locker neighbour

- Oh! Hi Jess! Someone is in the mood... something happened on the weekend?

- Um... not much! I'm just having a good day. - Jessica answered, smiling.

- Whatever you say... - Said Ela, giggling. Jessica opened her locker, and found a piece of paper taped to the inside of her locker door. It was folded in half, and it said “I know your secret” with a picture of panties with droplets coming out of them. Jessica's eyes widened, and she quickly tore the paper down, and hid it, looking around to make sure noone else saw it.

- A letter from the weekend guy? - Asked Ela peeking from behind Jessica's locker door.

- Uh... Yeah! You got me. I'll tell you about it later. See ya! - Jessica recovered with a quick lie. And almost ran to the bathroom. She took out the paper, and opened it:

“If you want it to stay a secret I don't want to see you in the bathroom today.

Have fun today, and if you want to avoid these messages in future, send your phone number to: [email protected]

”

Jessica's heart sank. How could anyone see her? It had to be a bluff, right? Just then a sheet of paper slid from under the door. Jessica picked it up. It was a printed photo of her in her kitchen, with a very visible wet patch on her jeans. She turned the paper:

“In case you thought it was a joke

:)”

Jessica tore a picture, and darted out of the bathroom. She was panicked, but she knew she needed to look normal to avoid a scene, so she took a deep breath and tried to look calm. She walked to her classroom. Before class began she took out her phone, and sent her phone number to the email form the message. She thought it was a safer. If she kept getting these messages eventually someone else would see them. During the lesson she received the first text. She looked around. Noone was using their phone. She picked the phone, message was from restricted number:

“As a gesture of good will I'll forgive you your bathroom visit if you drink the whole bottle of water I left in your locker during the next break. If you don't I have couple more copies of that photo.”

Jessica was terrified, but hid it well, she waited for the bell, and when it rang she darted out of the classroom, and straight to her locker. Inside there was indeed a 0,5l bottle of water right in the middle. She took it and downed it as quickly as she could. By the end of the break she could already feel the effects of it. She felt a slight discomfort in her bladder, but she still had 4 lessons to go! She felt her phone vibrating:

“In case you thought yourself too clever: I don't like truants. You'll go to all your classes. Panties dry, or not.”

- Well now I'm not thinking about it... - She said to herself, and went to the next class. Her bladder was getting fuller, but otherwise class went without a fuss. During the next class her bladder was getting quite uncomfortable, so she raised her hand, and asked if she could be excused. She was sure that her blackmailer must be a student, and he, or she would be in class, not being able to see her. Teacher eventually allowed her to leave, and she walked out of the classroom, and towards the toilets. She only took couple of steps outside the classroom, when she got another text:

“I told you I don't like truants. You'll have a drink from the water fountain, and come back, or the first thing your classmates see, when they walk out of a classroom will be your wet jeans.”

- F**k! - Jessica cursed silently, and resigned walked over to the water fountain and drank some water, before going back to class. By the end of the lesson she was starting to become desperate to relieve herself. Bell rang for a lunch break. Jessica went outside. She knew that if nothing changes she's going to have an accident. Even worse an accident at school! She'd be a laughing stock! So she decided that if she was going to have an accident anyway, I'd be better if it was on her terms. She sat on the grass outside, moving the skirt on the back, so she sat on the ground directly on her panty clad bottom. She looked around. And when she made sure there's noone nearby, she peed, soaking through her blue panties, and into the ground. When she finished her panties were absolutely soaked. She shifted slightly, took a tissue, and discreetly wiped her panties, and got up.

- Where are you going? - She heared Ela approaching.

- When I was sitting here I didn't realise there's mud here, so I decided to move.

- That's odd... I didn't rain recently... anyway! Tell me about the weekend guy! - Jessica went with Ela, having a chat, which would've been nice if it wasn't for uncomfortable feeling of wet panties.

After the break she went for the next class, which went quite normally. On the next break Jessica received another text:

“You're leaving wet marks on your chairs. Did you have an accident? Or do you like it so much it makes you wet?”

While she was reading it, she received another one:

“Let's have more fun. And this time I'll give you a choice: you can send me a photo of your wet panties on email, or have another accident. You have 10 min. Tik tok...”

Jessica looked at the time. She only had 2 min until class starts, which meant she couldn't use the same trick again, so if she was to have another accident it would have to be in school hall, or in class. Both these options would be a social suicide, which only left one thing...

Bell rang for class to start, Jessica sat down and thought how she could deal with this situation, when she got another text:

“5 min. Every 5 min you're late I photo'll show up in school. Tik tok...”

Jessica panicked, looked around, shifted in her chair, and took a photo of her panties under her skirt, which she sent immediately. She felt relieved, but after a minute she received next text:

“I wanted a photo of WET panties. These are barely moist. 3 min. Make it count!”

This is what the blackmailer wanted all along! He wanted her to pee herself in the class! Jessica felt helpless, and tried to force a bit of pee into her panties. Just enough to make a visible wet spot, but she couldn't force herself. Then she got another text:

“1 min. Do you want me to make your wet jeans famous? If so I have some better angles...”

Attached to this text was a photo. Jessica opened it, and it was a photo of her in completely soaked jeans, moping the floor in her living room. Jessica froze with shock and panic. The shock was so much, that she didn't need to force her pee out. It came out on it's own. Before she realised what she's doing and stopped the flow, she was already sitting in a pee puddle, which thankfully wasn't big enough to start dropping to the floor yet. Jessica again shifted in her seat, and took another photo, and sent it. After that she started panicking about the puddle she was sitting in. There was no way she could hide that. She started dropping tissues between her legs, which soaked the pee. By the end she ended up with very wet panties, slightly wet skirt (which thankfully wasn't very visible), and dryish chair. Only then did she realised she received a text, while she was drying the chair.

“I see you went for both. You really are enjoying this! Hope nobody in class notices. Oh! In case you thought you're off the hook: I said no bathroom TODAY. Have fun after school as well. I'm watching ;)”

###

Chapter 3 is not finished yet. I kinda lost interest in writing it, which is actually the big reason behind me finally getting to posting my stories. I'm hoping you might inspire me to continue. I have couple of other stories, which I might publish in the meantime.

