Rent-a-(Really Desperate!)-Girlfriend

Author: sanjono

*000*2024-11-13 12:08

This is a story based on the anime and manga "rent-a-girlfriend". Hope you enjoy!

Pt1

It was Saturday morning and Mizuhara was prepping up for an upcoming date with a client. Mizuhara used the rental service as a way to improve her acting skills by pretending to be the perfect girlfriend. The date was starting at 11 am but she had woken up at 8 as she had a lot of stuff to take care of. After waking up she went to the toilet for the first morning piss and afterwards she put on her workout clothes and started doing basic exercises to keep her body healthy and fit. After that she prepared herself breakfast as well as a large cup of coffee. She finished her breakfast at around 9:30 and then she went to her bathroom in order to take a bath.

After her bath was done she started prepping the outfit she would wear on her date. She decided to wear the same thing as she wore during her first date with kazuya as it had been a while since she wore it. The outfit consisted of a white one piece dress with a red ribbon on the front area which gave it a corset-like look, a light blue cardigan with only the top button buttoned-up revealing quite a bit of her amazing cleavage, a pair of black thighhighs which in combination with the dress created a perfect "zettai ryoiki" (absolute territory) which made her legs and especially her thighs look absolutely incredible, a pair of brown shoes and a pair of light pink panties. Then she started taking care of her hair and then she put on a small layer of make-up which enhanced her natural beauty.

Before she was about to leave she decided to use her bathroom in order to empty her bladder from the coffee she had drank this morning. But before she stepped into her bathroom her phone started ringing. She checked it to see who it was and it was her grandma. Mizuhara was very happy to talk to her as it had been a while since they last talked. After a while Mizuhara noticed that the time had passed and that she would be late on her date. She said goodbye to her grandma by giving her the excuse that she had to meet up with friends and hung her phone. Mizuhara quickly grabbed her handbag, put inside everything she needed and left her apartment to go to the meeting point where her client was.

The client was already at the spot and waited for Mizuhara. A few minutes later Mizuhara arrived at the meeting point and greeted her client. The two of them headed to the first place the client had planned for the date. While walking the client couldn't help but admire Mizuhara's breathtaking beauty and her incredible body which was complimented by her outfit. Once they reached the first place Mizuhara felt a slight tinge in her lower abdomen and she realized that it was because she got distracted by the phonecall earlier and didn't go to the bathroom at her house. However she thought to herself that she would use the restroom at their first destination. Little did she know that her client had other plans for her

