Tied up trans gf

Author: sussytransgirl

*000*2023-07-29 11:54

Characters:

Evelyn (Female)

POV: Olivia (Transfemme)

I don't really have any experience writing stories like this, so hopefully I didn't do to bad. Hope you enjoy. 🙂

Me and Evelyn came into our house.

We had been out shopping, and the traffic on the way home was really bad, so I really had to pee.

I was walking to the bathroom, but Evelyn stopped me.

E: "Where do you think you're going?"

O: "Come on Eve, I don't have time for this, I gotta pee"

E: "Yeah, that's not happening, sorry babe."

O: "huh?"

E: "You don't think I saw you sneak that chocolate bar in my bag earlier."

O: "Fine, I'll pay you, just please move."

E: "I don't think so. You've been a bad girl. You'll need to be punished."

At this point I was bouncing up and down on the spot, just trying not to leak. Evelyn led me into our bedroom and got something out of a draw. A pair of handcuffs.

O: "W-what are you doing?"

She put me in the handcuffs.

O: "Hey! Wha-"

She then attached the handcuffs to the bed post. I squirmed on the floor.

E: "You'll have to stay here until you've learned your lesson."

O: "Ok, this is kinda hot, but can we at least wait until I've gone to the bathroom, I'm dying over here!"

E: "That's part of you're punishment, Via. I'll be back soon."

I watched her as she left the room and put the handcuff keys on the kitchen counter.

"Fuck!" I whispered to myself. I desperately wanted to hold myself, but my hands were tied to the bed. I was wearing a t-shirt and light blue jeans, which I did not want to piss in.

After what felt like an hour, Evelyn came back in.

E: "How you doing babe?"

O: "Eve, pleeeaaase let me go, I've learned my lesson, I promise!"

E: "Hmm... I dunno."

I felt a warm spurt of pee leak out of me. I moaned quietly and squeezed my legs together.

O: "mmm, fuck~"

My bladder was in a ton of pain, but somehow, I felt a smile creep across my face.

E: "Oh, you naughty girl. Are you starting to enjoy this?"

I blushed hard.

"N-no! Off course not!"

E: "Maybe I'll leave you here for a little longer."

O: "No! You can not leave me here"

E: "Ugh, fine. I guess I'll free one of your hands."

She unlocked the hand cuffs so that only my left was tied up.

My hand immediately rushed to my crotched and gripped myself, squeezing my legs together. I softly moaned as I rubbed myself through my already damp jeans.

E: "Oh, you're loving this aren't you."

I tried to object, but I couldn't help but moan even louder. She opened a drawer and took out a vibrator.

E: "I'm gonna go get some gas for the car."

She tossed me the vibrator.

E: "Have fun you little piss slut~"

My bladder felt like it was about to burst. Part of me wanted to just let it all out, but the other was starting to enjoy this.

I continued to rub myself through my clothes.

I picked up the vibrator and turned it on. I hadn't had any use for these before I started hrt, so I didn't really know what I was doing. I turned it on, and started to gently rub myself with it.

I immediately let out a loud moan. I was really starting to enjoy myself now.

I turned the level up to max, and started squirming on the floor, from both desperation, and horniness.

After about five minutes, Evelyn got home. As she walked in, I jumped up, my face fully red at the fact that she was seeing me like this.

E: "Well well well. Look at you now"

She sat down on the floor next to me and took the vibrator.

E: "How about I help you out."

After about 20 seconds I felt like I was about to cum and piss myself at the same time.

O: "mmph... ah fuck!"

E: "Yeah, you liking that Liv?

O: "F- fuck yes!"

After about a minute I started to climax. I grinded against the vibrator, and eventually I came, moaning, breathing heavily, and still desperate to pee.

All the pressure was building up, and I felt a spurt of hot piss spray out of my dick and make a noticeable wet spot on my jeans.

E: "Uh oh, did you just wet yourself Via? Hmm, maybe you need some help."

She placed her hand over my bladder, and gave it a hard push.

O: "Ah- Fuck, Ev-"

I finally relaxed as what looked like a litre of hot golden piss streamed out of me, soaking my pants.

I panted as I laid down in the huge puddle of pee I just made.

E: "So, you ready to be a good girl now?"

I took a deep breath. All I could do now was smile from the relief of letting out an oceans worth of pee out of my tired bladder.

O: "mhm..." I sighed.

Evelyn bent down and kissed my cheek.

E: "You go take a shower, I'll clean this up."

She took the handcuffs off, and I stood up.

She looked at me and laughed.

O: "What?"

E: "Nothing, I just think you look cute."

I stared down at the floor.

E: "Oh my god, your face is so red right now."

O: "I- I-"

E: "You go clean yourself up."

I walked up to her and continued to look down

O: "I- Um... Can we..."

E: "What's up, hon?"

O: "Can we like... do this again sometime?"

E: "Yeah, definitely. Nothing hotter than seeing my cute girlfriend desperate."

O: "Oh, uh- c- cool."

I stripped my soaking wet jeans off and got in the shower.

I leaned against the all as I let the last bit off pee out.

All I could think about was that I couldn't wait to do this again.

*003*2023-07-30 22:49

{{On 7/29/2023 at 7:54 PM, sussytransgirl said:

I've made another one which is waiting to be verified, but if you guys have requests, I might make a story out of it, cause I don't have many ideas tbh.

}}

