The Roommate: a long, desperate, wet afternoon

Author: ShareTea333

*000*2025-06-05 03:42

I had been living with my new roommate, Haley, for about 6 months. We both worked from home, which had helped us get to know each other quickly. She and I liked natural light during the day, so one of us would work in the living room and one of us would work in the dining room. We could see each other down the long hallway, which was a great way to make funny faces at each other when we were stuck in boring meetings. The door to the bathroom was in the hallway between us, so I often got to see Haley dash to the bathroom between her back-to-back client meetings, which I secretly enjoyed. Our third roommate, Sasha, worked in hospitality, so she was often on a different schedule than us, sleeping in late and heading to work in the afternoon.

Last week, I had a very eventful afternoon working from home with Haley. We had planned to use our lunch break to go for a short hike at a local nature path nearby. Since Haley had a meeting before lunch and I didn’t, I got everything ready for us: sunscreen, water bottles, snacks, etc. I got dressed in cute workout clothes, packed the car, and went pee. As soon as the clock hit 12pm, we were off to the car so we would have as much time to hike as possible. I noticed that Haley didn’t stop at the bathroom on our way out, which was odd because our usual hiking spot didn’t have a bathroom. I wondered if she had forgotten in our haste to leave on time. She was diligent about staying hydrated and was always sipping water at her desk. On top of that, I had made us both two cups of tea while we worked that morning.

The first part of our hike was uneventful and we chatted while we walked. We had managed to beat the afternoon crowd, but there were enough people on the path that we were having someone pass us every few minutes or so. Part way through, we stopped at a sign that had information about the area. As I read, I noticed some movement to my left. Haley had her left hip sticking out and was using her right foot to gently bounce herself up and down. She sucked in a deep breathe, undoubtedly trying to relax her bladder, which I’m guessing she felt a lot more when standing still. It was at that point I knew my calculations about how much liquid she’d consumed that morning were probably accurate.

At the next several stops along the walk to read signs and admire plants, Haley got increasingly antsy. When we stopped, she would step from foot-to-foot, sometimes lifting one knee high across her crotch, then alternating with the other. At one particular sign, she stopped reading and started walking in tiny circles behind me, unable to stop moving. I glanced over my shoulder and caught a glimpse of her hand buried deep in her crotch as she paced back and forth. As soon as I turned around, she yanked her hand away and tried to look composed. Even though she was super kind and friendly, Haley was still a bit shy and reserved, and I knew she would be mortified if I knew how desperate she was.

As we were ending the walk and almost back to the car, Haley suddenly stopped and kneeled down to sit on her heel. She was pretending to fix her shoelaces, but I could see her desperately grinding her crotch into her heel. She was breathing heavily and slightly bouncing up and down. After a few moments, she switched feet and pretended to check her other shoelace, undoubtedly trying to buy more time before standing up again.

I acted completely unaware of the situation and continued to make casual conversation, though Haley was contributing less and less. As we arrived at the car, Haley power walked around to the passenger side and immediately jammed both hands in her crotch, rhythmically moving her hips forward and back. I think she thought that she was hidden from view, but I could still see her through the passenger window. I so wanted to delay unlocking the car, but even though I was thoroughly enjoying the situation, I didn’t want to make it worse for her.

Over the 10-minute drive home, it seemed that sitting down had improved Haley’s situation and I’m guessing she felt a renewed sense of calm knowing she’d be back at home to use the bathroom any minute. As we pulled into the driveway, Haley wasted no time at all getting out of the car and heading straight through the front door. I thought she had run straight into the bathroom, but as I hurriedly walked in behind her, I heard her say “OMG, you’ve GOT to be kidding me!” The bathroom door was locked and you could clearly hear our other roommate Sasha singing along to her playlist in the shower. Haley began to knock frantically on the door and said “Sasha, I REALLY need to pee and I have a meeting in two minutes, can you PLEASE HURRY?!”

Haley began to jog in place as Sasha mindlessly yelled back over the music, “Wait what?? OH! Ya, sure, I’ll be out in like 10!” Haley started to reply, emphasizing that she needed the bathroom NOW, but it was no use. Sasha was back to singing and we knew from past experience that she wouldn’t be out of the bathroom any time soon. Haley paused and crossed her legs so tightly that she had to lean on the wall to keep her balance. We finally made eye contact and I made an exaggerated eye roll to imply how inconsiderate Sasha was being.

Haley knew she had now passed the point of being able to hide her desperation and said in an exasperated tone “Great! I have to pee so bad that I’m about to pee my fucking pants and I have to start another client call. I literally CAN’T miss this call.” She took a deep breath and with a sense of determination, followed it with, “I guess I’m just going to have to hold it.” She threw her hands in the air to suggest she didn’t have any other choice. “You’ve totally got this!”, I said, while walking past her and back to my laptop. With her legs still pressed together, Haley slowly walked back to her laptop in the living room where we had a tiny office setup with a sit/stand desk and an office chair.

Haley braced herself in her chair, joined the call, and quickly made an excuse as to why her camera wasn’t working that day. I simply could not look away from the desperation that followed. Haley tried absolutely everything to keep from wetting herself:

She started by wiggling her bum quickly back and forth in her chair.

Then, with the hand she didn’t need to move her mouse around, she squeezed her crotch and fanned her legs open and closed violently.

When she had to use both hands to type something, she’d slide her bum to the edge of the chair with one leg hanging off and put as much pressure as possible on her throbbing pee hole.

As the pressure in her bladder increased and the spasms were clearly getting closer together, she raised the desk and transitioned to a standing position. She couldn’t stand still for even a second and stepped constantly from foot to foot, occasionally jumping up and down while squeezing her crotch for dear life.

At one point she suddenly crossed her legs tightly, bent her knees, and made a quiet sound of exasperation. After a few seconds frozen in that position, she stood up and quickly wiped away the tiny drops of pee rolling down the backs of her thighs. She had started leaking. I saw her eyes scanning everything around her trying to figure out what to do next. She grabbed the oversized hoodie from the back of her chair, rolled it up into a ball, placed it on the seat of her chair, and threw her bum on top of it. She had 15 minutes left in her meeting, and it was going to be a close call.

She started to rock back and forth on top of the balled-up hoodie, grinding her crotch as hard as possible into it and begging her body to hold back the flood for just a little longer. When she had to speak, she tried her best to keep her voice steady, but you could hear it shake from time to time. When she was on mute, I couldn’t help but notice that a few of her desperate moans had a hint of pleasure mixed in. I know most people have that moment they realized they were into omo, and as she thrusted her hips faster and faster into the hoodie, I secretly hoped this would be hers. At one point she threw her head back, arched her back, and let her mouth fall open slightly as her eyes rolled back and she let out a deep moan. Knowing that she was overcome with pleasure and desperation while slowly losing control of her bursting bladder was almost too much to take.

I had tried not to get caught looking down the hallway towards her, but when I heard a sudden gasp, my eyes immediately darted over to Haley. One hand was covering her mouth and the other was squeezing her crotch as she looked down in disbelief. A flood of pee had started gushing through her fingers. There was a muffled hissing sound as the pee soaked through the hoodie and started to cascade into a puddle on the floor. She lifted her bum slightly forward and off the chair to reveal a hard stream of pee that began shooting straight through her bike shorts directly onto the floor. She peed for what seemed like an eternity, and we were both frozen in time, taking it all in. When the pee slowed to a trickle, and finally stopped, she looked down the hallway at me with wide eyes and an expression that can only be described as “what the fuck did I just do?!”

She helplessly plopped back down in her chair and finished the last 5 minutes of her call in her wet shorts. When the call ended, she promptly cleaned everything up, threw in a load of laundry, and hopped in the shower. When she came back out, we joked about it for a few minutes and then went back to work. For now, I’ll just have to keep my fingers crossed that I wasn’t the only one out of the two of us that had an amazing afternoon that day.

