Heather in the Courtroom

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2016-02-29 02:51

I wanted to get something else committed to paper (as it were), because things might be a little crazy for all of March. I've had this scene in my mind for quite awhile now. Thanks for reading!

###

Heather Parker tugged at the hem of her pencil skirt, smoothing out imaginary wrinkles. The morning had gone well enough, but she didn’t want to look anything less than completely professional for the remainder of the day in court.

Heather was 27 and had been working for Richards, Wythe, & Cleveland since she’d graduated from law school a year and a half ago. Richards was the premier criminal law firm in the state, and Heather was determined to prove her worth. For 18 months, she worked long hours, often offering to take on extra tasks for the senior partners.

Two months ago, Heather had been unexpectedly assigned to a trial with Thornton Martell. At 34, Thornton was the youngest partner in firm history after establishing himself as an outstanding litigator and skilled researcher. In fact, he had never lost a case on which he’d taken lead. All the junior employees did everything they could to get assigned to a case with Thornton, hoping to learn from him and raise their own profile.

Of course, Heather thought wryly as she gathered her briefcase, it didn’t hurt that Thornton had leading-man good looks to go along with his brilliance. He was never flirtatious, though. On the contrary, he was serious and straightforward. Even more than the firm at large, Martell’s team members were expected to give their all to the case. Martell didn’t brook excuses; if he asked his team to do something, he expected it done. For weeks, Heather had enthusiastically completed every task, reading up on every possible relevant case and writing up clear, precise summaries. Just last night, the evening before the trial was to begin, Martell had rewarded Heather’s diligence by inviting her to join him at the prosecution table.

Heather did her best not to show how ecstatic and nervous she was. The trial itself would likely last weeks, so she wanted to make a good impression on her first day. All morning, she’d listened carefully to the opening arguments and testimony, taking notes and writing down cases that she wanted to research later.

In an effort to maintain a calm demeanor, Heather didn’t fidget or tap her fingers. Instead, her nervousness manifested in constantly sipping from her water glass. By lunch, her bladder was feeling reasonably full. She had a few things she wanted to look up before the afternoon, then grab a bite to eat, and then she’d visit the restroom before the trial reconvened for the afternoon.

In the conference room, Heather typed furiously on her laptop. Checking her watch, she saw that she only had 10 minutes before they were scheduled to be back in the courtroom. She shifted in her seat, aware of the pressing sensation in her bladder. She quickly gathered her things and headed to the bathroom.

“Ms. Parker?” Heather jumped at the sound of Mr. Martell’s voice.

“Yes, sir?” she responded, recovering quickly.

“I’d like to see your notes from the defense’s opening argument,” Mr. Martell was already walking toward the courtroom, not bothering to gesture for Heather to follow. The order was implied. “I think we can punch some extra holes in some of her claims.”

Heather nodded, walking briskly to keep up with Martell’s strides. “Yes, sir. If I could just…” she glanced toward the restrooms.

“Is there a problem, Ms. Parker?” Martell’s voice was calm, but his words chilled Heather.

“Not at all, sir. We can go over my notes right now.”

Heather bit the inside of her lip as the entered the courtroom. She was feeling distinctly uncomfortable, but she didn’t want to ruin her chances with Mr. Martell. Surely she could make it to the end of the day.

The trial reconvened, and Heather continued taking notes and paying close attention. Martell skillfully directed his witnesses without leading, executing solid, cutting re-cross examination. Heather was nearly breathless watching his performance.

Martell had arranged for the initial witnesses to be a long list of experts to analyze the evidence. The testimony was detailed and somewhat boring at times, but Martell framed his questions masterfully to make sure the jury was following.

As the hours dragged on, Heather struggled to remain still. She hadn’t dared touch her water glass, but the pressure on her bladder was increasing nonetheless. She managed well enough for the first couple of hours, but she couldn’t help squirming as the afternoon wore on.

By the time Martell sat down to allow for cross examination of his second witness, it had been three hours. Neither the judge nor the opposition gave any signs of slowing down, and Heather was starting to think she might not make it until the end of the day, after all.

A bit recklessly, she scribbled “Recess?” on a post-it note and slid to over to Martell.

Thornton spared a brief glance at the note, then did a double-take when he saw what it said. He turned toward Heather with a look of mixed incredulity and disgust. He shook his head slowly from side to side, an unmistakable “no.”

Heather blushed and nodded in response. She hadn’t really expected him to agree to ask the judge for a break, but she hadn’t planned on such an unequivocal refusal, either. With a clench of her thigh muscles, she turned her attention back to taking notes.

After cross-examination, Martell called his next witness, a medical expert in pathology. Heather knew from preparation that the doctor was long-winded and precise. They’d be lucky if he finished his testimony in under two hours.

Heather took advantage of Martell facing the witness stand to squirm forcefully and cross her legs. Her wardrobe prevented her from grabbing at her crotch – stupid pencil skirt!

Martell began his line of questioning, and the doctor jumped right in with technical, complicated explanations of cell biology and genetics. Heather wasn’t writing as diligently as before; far more energy was focused on keeping her urine from spilling all over the courtroom floor.

As the testimony continued, Heather found that concentrating eased her desperation a bit. Eventually, she gave up on note-taking entirely and focused all her energy on pressing her thighs together. It was tiring, but it was working, for now.

After nearly two hours, countless graphs and images, Mr. Martell finished his first line of questioning, and the defense attorney rose to begin his cross-examination.

“Ms. Parker,” Mr. Martell’s whisper startled Heather, costing her her first leak. It was a substantial one, and she could feel the liquid sliding down her thighs. She choked down a gasp and frantically refocused her attention on what her boss was asking her.

“…won’t get much out of Dr. Esbensen, but they might use his testimony to try to throw off Hajiri later this week. Make sure we have someone prep him.”

“Yes, sir,” she whispered, scribbling his request in appallingly bad penmanship. She hoped he didn’t notice how her hand was shaking. She was so incredibly full; she couldn’t stop jiggling her leg.

It took another half hour for the opposing attorney to finish his questions. By that time, Heather’s panties were thoroughly damp, though she’d managed to keep her skirt dry. Remarkably, and to Heather’s overwhelming relief, Martell declined re-cross.

The doctor stepped down from the stand, and Heather stared eagerly at Judge Woodson, who was drawing in a big breath.

“I think that’s enough for today,” the judge intoned, and Heather’s heart leapt. “We’ll reconvene tomorrow morning at 10:30 AM.”

With that, the judge stood, inducing the sound of creaking benches and scraping chairs as everyone in the courtroom rose. Heather white-knuckled the edge of the table, slowly getting to her feet. She tried to keep her legs pressed together, but a tiny stream of urine trickled down her thigh. As soon as the judge disappeared into his chambers, Heather plopped back into her chair, clenching with all her might to regain control. Just a few more minutes…

The courtroom buzzed with the sounds of shuffling papers and feet. It had been a long day, and they were all keen to leave. All except Heather, who couldn’t move a muscle without risking her ever-diminishing hold on her bladder.

“Ms. Parker, I’d like you to find some examples of precedent for dismissing bite-mark analysis before tomorrow morning,” Mr. Martell directed, carefully packing up his folders. “I think you’ll find something in Adams v. Corona from the 9th circuit.”

“Yes, sir,” Heather murmured, barely able to focus. She knew that making it to a restroom at this point would take a miracle; all she could hope for at the moment was for her boss to leave quickly.

“Ms. Parker? Are you listening?” Martell’s sounded more surprised than irritated, but Heather still cringed. Her legs were trembling with effort as she felt the last of her control slipping away. A steady dribble slipped through her underwear, dampening the back of her skirt.

“S-sorry, sir, Can you please repeat that?” Heather kept her gaze determinedly on the papers in front of her. She couldn’t stop the leak, and she knew she only had seconds before utter disaster. The courtroom had emptied; it was just her and Martell.

“I said that Westen might have looked into bite marks last year, so you should check with-“ Thornton cut himself off as the sound of liquid hitting the polished wooden floor seemed to echo through the room. “Ms….Ms. Parker?”

Heather closed her eyes, grasping for any semblance of composure. She felt her face burn with shame, but she refused to cry. She may be peeing herself in front of her boss in the courtroom of her first big case, but she’d be damned if she was going to break down, too.

Both adults stayed still and silent, one unable and the other unwilling to believe what was happening. After nearly a minute, the trickling faded, and the only sound left was Heather’s somewhat labored breathing.

Still keeping her head down, Heather inhaled deeply, preparing to break the silence. “Mr. Martell,” she began, keeping her voice level and professional. “I apologize.” She didn’t feel the need to elaborate; it was obvious what she was sorry for. “It won’t happen again.”

Thornton Martell was staring down at his colleague and at the puddle beneath her chair. He felt sick to his stomach at the sight of the brilliant, mature young woman reduced to sitting in her own waste. “Ms. Parker,” he swallowed, trying for his own sense of composure, “Ms. Parker, are you alright?”

“I am, Mr. Martell, thank you,” Heather replied crisply, now actively arranging her documents. “I’ll have the precedents prepared for you by tomorrow morning.”

“I-“ Uncharacteristically, Thornton found himself at a loss for words. She was really talking about the case? “You don’t have to-“

“Mr. Martell,” Heather interrupted, finally lifting her eyes to meet her boss’s stare. “You asked me to have something prepared for tomorrow. I am more than familiar with the expectations of this firm and your team.” She raised her chin slightly, defensively, trying to give the impression that she was more than the sticky wetness she was sitting in. “I can do my job, sir.”

Thornton’s eyebrows drew together. “Expectations…” he breathed. His mind reeled. This young woman had just urinated on herself, and she thought he was worried about the case. Is that really the kind of environment he fostered? Being in such a high-powered law firm demanded hard work and long hours, of course, and he and the other partners wanted to make sure junior assistants were prepared, but did Ms. Parker really think that the work was more important than the most basic physical needs of their employees?

“Will that be all, Mr. Martell?” Heather asked, interrupted his incredulous train of thought.

Thornton blinked. Overwhelmed with the idea that Ms. Parker had felt forced into having an accident, he couldn’t find anything to see other than “Yes, Ms. Parker.”

Heather nodded briskly, all but dismissing him. Flustered, Thornton grabbed his coat and attaché case and left.

Hearing the main door shut, Heather finally drew in a shaky breath, trying to process the events of the day. She could be fired. She didn’t know how she could bear facing Mr. Martell again; at the very least, she was sure her childish crush on her handsome, successful boss would never come to fruition now.

She heard the door open again and looked up to see Bart, the janitor Heather frequently saw around the courthouse, coming in to clean the room. “Hey there, Miss Parker,” he drawled.

Heather smiled wanly. “Hey, Bart,” she said apologetically. “I’m so sorry for the mess.”

Bart pulled his mop bucket to the front where he could see Heather’s puddle clearly. He just grinned and shook his head. “Seen much worse than that, ma’am,” he assured her. “Can I do anything to help you?”

“No, thank you, Bart,” Heather sighed, grateful for the offer. She stood gingerly, feeling the wetness all along the back of her skirt. It wouldn’t be comfortable in the cold outside, but at least her coat would cover the stain until she got home.

“See you tomorrow, Miss Parker,” Bart called after her as she left, already mopping up her mess.

Heather made her way to her car, still shaky with humiliation. She couldn’t erase the image of Mr. Martell’s incredulous face from her mind. Yet, tomorrow morning, she’d have to face him again in the office before they returned to Judge Woodson’s courtroom. If he even let her go back, that is.

Sighing, Heather started her car. She’d worry about Mr. Martell tomorrow; right now, all she could do was go home and shower. And then look up those precedent cases…

###

The next morning, Heather purposely arrived at the office early. Part of her wanted to reinforce her status as a reliable and hard worker, but mostly, she just wanted to get to her desk without running into Mr. Martell. Her plan was successful until, right at 8:30, a message popped up on her screen.

“All junior employees, please meet in the conference room in 5 minutes – TM.”

Heather frowned. An all-hands-on-deck meeting was never a good sign, but at least she wasn’t being asked to meet him alone.

In the conference room, the other employees looked as nervous as Heather felt, though certainly not for the same reason. Mr. Martell entered promptly at 8:35.

“Thank you all for being here,” he began, looking distinctly uncomfortable. “I, uh, it’s come to my attention that…well, that the other partners and I haven’t made our expectations clear.”

Heather felt her colleagues’ unease all around her. They were all sure they were about to be called out for not working hard enough.

Mr. Martell cleared his throat. In scanning the room, he inadvertently caught Heather’s eye, and she thought she saw him blush slightly.

“We…” Thornton cleared his throat again. “We are grateful for all your hard work,” he continued, more forcefully. “But I believe that we…I have given you the impression that your work is the most important thing. And it’s not.”

His eyes found Heather again, this time on purpose. He held her gaze for a moment before going on. “We don’t want this job to impact your health. Starting today, overnighters in the office are forbidden. Junior employees are required to leave by 6 PM every night. Any hours later than that must be approved by two senior partners. If you do stay past 6 PM, the firm will provide dinner and, if necessary, childcare.”

Thornton paused again, barely aware of the low, stunned murmurs in the room. He glanced at Heather, who was trying to mask how blown away she was by his announcement.

“I am truly sorry if I’ve made any of you think that I don’t care about your well-being, or that your job here would be in jeopardy simply for taking care of yourself. I know cultural change doesn’t come easily, but I promise to work on being more supportive in the future.”

And with that, Thornton turned and walked out of the conference room.

Heather clutched the arms of her chair. Mr. Martell had looked so contrite! She couldn’t believe that her accident had affected him that much.

All around, her colleagues chattered with muted excitement at the new policies. There was lots of speculation over the cause, but no one mentioned Heather’s name.

Heather extracted herself from the din and headed back to her desk. On the way, she peeked into Mr. Martell’s office. He looked up from his computer and locked eyes with her, his mouth ticking upward into the smallest of smiles.

*006*2016-03-08 01:27

Thanks for commenting! Glad you all liked it, intrigued by how much more attention Female stories get :)

*010*2016-03-14 01:42

{{:

I liked it :) I really liked that it ended "well" for her. As well as wetting yourself at work can end.

I guess it reflects the constituency of the site that female stories get way more attention. I'd kinda like it to be different. But is what it is I suppose.

}}

Thanks! I also really enjoy many of your stories. Your writing style is quite impressive. I don't so much write the way I do to be different; I just write what I like. I'm glad other people occasionally enjoy my stories, as well.

{{:

Yes, that IS interesting. I'm totally new here and I'd love to know more about the demographics of the readership. In this instance, surely there are readers basides me who are impressed by your knowledge of what goes on in a law firm and in a courtroom. I'm a member of the bar, as I suspect you must be. A law firm that doesn't expect associates to work after 6 p.m. (or bill more than 2,000 hours a year) would be an amazing place.

}}

I appreciate the compliment! I'm not an attorney, but I have friends who are. I like to try to imbue my stories with a semblance of reality, so if I'm going to write about a given profession, I want to be fairly accurate.

