Eliza and Monika Omorashi Edition

Author: R6_Player00

*000*2019-07-29 04:58

Hey whatup out there. Today I've read a Rainbow Six Siege lemon fanfic with Eliza "Ash" Cohen and Monika "IQ" Weiss as main characters. As I read this fiction I imagined: what would it look like if you add omorashi content? So I did an experiment and rewrote the story as an omorashi fanfic. I only rewrote it partly though, maybe I will continue, maybe not. It's essential if you like it or not. Sorry if there are grammatical and spelling mistakes because my english is not the best.

Note: the original story was written by "I'm honestly awful"

@@on fanfiction.org.

Original story: https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12105769/1/Eliza-and-Monika

@@A black night, darker then usual, stars above, moon high. Eliza sat in her room, contemplating what to do. She could sleep, dick around on her computer, or jerk off. She figured she could masturbate while using her computer, for greater effect. Because hey, porn is great. She pulled up the search engine, and pondered for a moment. What's the poison tonight? Female peeing. Not a crowd favorite, and her personal choice. Women are sexy, especially when they're peeing, and Eliza's never questioned that. She's never been interested in men, they've never had what she'd been looking for. She pounded the keys, entering in specifics, toilet peeing, wild peeing, peeing pants and so on. Instinct kicked in, and the mouse flashed over to images, where heaven awaited. Beautiful women peeing on toilets, in the forest, having accidents in panties or pants, or lesbian pee play, all for her to see. As soon as her left hand made its way under loose black fabric of her shirt and right into her sweatpants and panties, a slow creak became known to her trained ears, she looked back, and whoever this perpetrator was, hadn't rounded the corner yet. Left hand shot to the mouse and opened a new window, and the right ejected itself from her undies, and onto the nearby armrest.

@@The lights flicked on, and before her stood a cutie from the squad. IQ, or Monika Weiss, very shy, very sweet, very tight pants. "M-Monika, what's up?" Asked Eliza, nervous about the sudden intrusion. Monika looked at Ash with tired, yet attentive eyes, "I've been up since 12 trying to find a way to make this work." Ash took a closer look at the blonde genius, she was clad in black panties, and a loose grey tank top, cleavage of her small breasts apparent and she imagined how she would pee in those panties. "Make what work?" Ash asked, with the other party being vague. "Well, I'll be close to you in an operation, and you'll fire your launcher, the pressure change cracked the screen of the Mk. III, and I'm trying to develop a Mk. IV that won't crack, but I understand pressurized air physics as good as a toddler. Can you help me a bit?" Monika replied, sullen with having to ask another for help. "Sure, I'm a self proclaimed master of Blast-o-Physics. Come and take a seat, I'll show you some charts I made for my launcher." She replied, before scooting another computer close to her own, behind the desk.

IQ sat, Eliza paid special attention to sound of Monika's nice ass plop down on her chair and sensed some kind of fidgeting from her but shrugged it off. After navigating her files, she got to her charts, and gave Monika a pen and paper. After 2 hours, every file had been examined, every concept understood. It was now 3, Monika was exhausted, leaning onto the desk, her small tits pushed on it, with a nipple poking out from its prison. This didn't go unnoticed by Eliza, who noticed Monika had fallen asleep. Ash figured hey, I've never been one to shy away from opportunity.

@@She rubbed her index and middle fingers against her flat nipple, stroking it, watching it pert up. This excited Ash, so much so she went for a move she couldn't recover from. The same hand pulled down on the blonde's top, until small breasts popped out, jiggling as they did so. A left hand of Eliza's reached down in her own pants, massaging herself, while groping the soft pair of tits next to her, feeling every inch and massaging them. She grew bored with her breasts, and she marveled how the master electrician is still asleep. Her body wasn't, however and when Ash slid her hand into the black, lacy panties, she found a moist pussy, and began playing with it. After a few seconds of play though, she quickly came to a stop, as she felt a pressured stream on her hand and a loud hissing sound was audible. Because of that Eliza was pretty sure she isn't cumming but she was peeing directly on her hand! The very strong stream soaked Elizas hand, Monikas panties and the chair she was sitting on. A yellow puddle quickly formed beneath them on the ground and expanded. She heard Monika moan softly while peeing.

She quickly understood what was happening and blushed, before staggering up. The blonde woke slowly from her sleep with a long, soft and relieved moan. “E-Eliza, I-I'm sorry I couldn't hold it any longer. I drank much water during the work on my Spectre, and were so deep into it, that I just simply pushed away my toilet break.” she said while blushing. Monika didn't knew it but Eliza was in heaven right now. “It's no problem I will not tell anybody about that.” said Eliza. “Alright, thank you for being so understandable because it isn't natural to treat someone like this after something like... that.” Eliza smiled to this but it faded away after a second because a bladder pang attacked her crotch. She bent over and moaned to this, the moan a mix of pain and arousal. As she lifted herself up she saw Monika looking at her with look of surprise but also arousal.

@@Eliza confused that at this point. Does Monika also have the same fetish as her? Shortly after her thought Monika spoke up. “I want to ask you something. Does... does peeing also turn you on?” “Y-yes, it does.” Eliza answered. Monika then asked: “You seem to have a full bladder too. Would you mind peeing your pants too?” She smiled widely while asking that. “For sure.” Eliza answered with an erotic smile of lust. After her short answer, Eliza willingly relaxed her muscles and let her river flow. It started with a slow trickle but soon there was a clearly audible hissing. Eliza closed her eyes and moaned in pleasure as all the pressure that built faded away but gasped as she felt a hand on her crotch. It was simply a short surprise gasp, as her worries quickly faded away when she saw Monika holding her hand on Elizas crotch, playing with her clit while she pees. Her strong stream soaked her panties, sweatpants and Monikas hands thoroughly, as her pee ran down in lines on her pants, down on the ground, forming a huge yellow puddle beneath Monikas. After she finished, Monika couldn't say anything but an amazed: “Wow...” “Oh yeah, wow....” Eliza replied not less amazed.

So hope you guys enjoyed this and have a nice day. Peace ✌️

*001*2019-07-31 14:51

And it would be nice if someone could tell how you can add Tags to a topic.

Thanks

