Tom and Jill meet again

Author: stinklerus

*013*2023-03-02 09:04

Chapter 12:-

Tom moved towards the door but Jill stopped him by saying “Wait a moment. I’m going to take these tights off first. That will make it easier when we are out there.” She hoisted her skirt further up around her waist and reached for the waistband of her tights. Of course, to do so she had to let go of herself for a moment and as soon as she took her hands away from her pussy she had to clamp her thighs together in an effort to hold. With a quick movement she got her tights down and immediately grabbed herself again with one hand as she used the other to pull the tights down her legs and off her feet. She slipped her shoes back on and gave a little gasp before saying to Tom “ Right, let’s go. I’m absolutely bursting to pee. I have to pee! Quick! Let’s go.”

Tom reached for the door again. He was now so hard he could hardly walk. Hearing Jill say these things was driving him crazy! That, along with what he had seen when she took her tights off! He had watched as she took her hands away to pull her tights down and when they were below her knickers he had watched a glistening dark patch on the front of the knickers. She was practically pissing herself and had on had a serious leak! Any more of this and he was liable to have a damp stain in his own pants but it wouldn’t be pee!

Sighing and gasping, Jill followed him to the door, one hand up her skirt pressing hard into her crotch. Tom checked the bathroom before they headed towards the stairs but it was still occupied. He took Jill’s free hand and led her down to the hallway. There was a small lamp on beside the reception area, but the rest of the ground floor was in darkness. They could see the tables in the breakfast room all set up and ready for morning and the resident’s lounge was empty and dark. Heading toward the front door Tom felt Jill’s grip tighten on his hand and she gave a whimper.

As they reached the inner door, Jill felt another wave of pressure hit her. This time it was different and as she felt her urethra pulse she knew that she was going to pee. As Tom opened the main door quietly, she felt a spurt escape into her knickers and gave a little gasp, before stopping. She took her hand away from Tom’s and grabbed herself hard. Tom had the door open and tried to pull her away along the front of the building towards the car park at the rear, but instead she stepped off the path onto the grass in front of the dinning room window.

Tom said, “ Quickly now dear, the car park is this way” but she stepped further along the grass toward the bushes at front, saying “It’s too late! It’s going to come out! I going to piss myself!” With that she stood, shifting from foot to foot before the stepping increased in pace until she was almost jogging on the spot. Then she froze with her feet apart and a glazed look in her eyes as a jet of pee splashed between her feet, followed by a steady, hissing flood. She stood peeing for a considerable moment, head held back and eyes closed, before finally looking down at the ground at her puddle and the splashes on her legs and shoes.

Tom had almost come at the sight and sound and stood looking at her in amazement. As she recovered she said “I’m so sorry Tom, I couldn’t hold it any longer, honestly, I couldn’t! It started coming out as you opened the door and I couldn’t stop it! I knew I was going to wet myself then! Oh , my knickers are soaked! I should have taken them off too! I was so desperate I couldn’t think straight,”

Tom went over and put an arm around her and gently led her back inside and up the stairs, Jill waddling along beside him as she felt her pee soaked knickers cling to her as she walked. Ironically the bathroom was now free, but Tom unlocked their bedroom door and led her in. He hardly took the time to close and lock it before pulling her onto the bed. He pushed her skirt up round her waist and stood back and admired her soaking wet knickers with her dark bush clearly visible through the damp material. He slipped off his own trousers and boxers to release his rock hard member. Jill saw it and felt herself moisten immediately, before Tom lay beside her and slipped a hand into her knickers. Within seconds they were making love frantically before both reaching a shuddering climax together.

Jill eventually rose and, slipping her skirt back down, went to the bathroom to wash and also to rinse out her knickers. She came back to the room and hang her knickers on the radiator, beside the pair she had wet earlier that day. She jokingly said to Tom that she would have to be careful or she would run out before the weekend was over. Tommy replied, saying that he wouldn’t mind if she did, as it would be exiting knowing she was going around with no knickers on. They then returned to bed and had a long, passionate night together.

Another bit of this one to come so keep a look out.

*014*2023-03-07 10:50

Chapter13:-

They finally fell asleep in one another’s arms. Tom woke to find himself with Jill’s arm around him and her firm breasts against his side. He looked around in the bright sunlight that was shining around the edge of the curtains and saw Jill’s knickers on the radiator. The sight of them, along with the memories of why they came to be there and the feel of her body against him made him rapidly grow hard. As he lay there for a moment, contemplating how lucky he was to have found a woman who ticked all the boxes for him, another sensation started to take over. He realised he was badly needing the toilet. He grabbed hold of himself and squeezed and twirled, it was no good- he was going to have to go - and soon!

He tried to ease Jill’s arm off him without wakening her, but halfway through her eyelids flickered and she woke with a smile and bent forward to kiss him. Her hand wandered to his crotch and when she discovered his hard penis his need was temporarily forgotten. He fondled her breasts and kissed her tenderly. He then slipped his hand between her thighs when she suddenly clamped them shut. “Oh Tom! Be careful where you put your hand and don’t press my tummy. I’m bursting for a pee!” She went on to add “ I hope the bathroom is free! I don’t want to wet the bed! Oh, I’m bursting! I had better go.”

(Apologies for the short chapter. More to follow soon )

*015*2023-03-09 09:22

Chapter 14:-

Jill quickly got out of bed. As soon as she stood up, she realised how badly she needed to pee as a wave of desperation hit her and she had to stop and squeeze her thighs together before clutching herself with one hand. She exclaimed “Oh! I’m bursting! I hope the bathroom is free! If it isn’t I think I’ll pee on the floor! It’s that bad! “ She kept on giving out little gasps as she pee danced while struggling into one of the bathrobes the hotel had provided. Tom was sitting up in bed watching her. He was rock hard and massive at the sight of her naked body shivering in desperation, but he was also only too aware of his own need.

He realised that he was going to have to get to the toilet too and from the feeling in his bladder he doubted whether he was going to able to wait until Jill came back. So before Jill reached the door he swung out of bed and said “ Hold on a second! I’m bursting as well! I’ll have to come with you. I don’t think I can hold until you get back. I’m almost pissing as it is!” With that he grabbed himself and went to slip on the other bathrobe.

Once they were both dressed in their robes they headed out into the hallway. Jill was clutching herself through the front of her robe and giving little gasps as they headed towards the bathroom door. She almost cried with relief when they reached it and found it was open. They quickly slipped inside and Jill started to open her robe and headed straight for the toilet while Tom turned and closed and locked the door. By the time he had turned back round, Jill was already on the toilet, robe fully open at the front and tucked up around her back. There was a hiss, followed by loud splashing as her pent up pee poured into the toilet. She sat with her eyes closed in bliss at the relief she was feeling.

The sight and sound of Jill relieving herself was too much for Tom’s straining bladder. He fling open his robe and headed towards the toilet. Jill still sat peeing with her eyes closed in ecstasy as he stooped down and gently placed his hands on her knees. She looked at him with a puzzled expression as he eased her thighs apart before forcing his dribbling penis downwards to point in the gap between her thighs. He managed it just in time before he let go a torrent, his stream mixing with the final dribbles of the contents of Jill’s bladder.

Jill was now gasping for another reason. She was extremely turned on by what was happening between her thighs and the sight of Tom holding his erect penis in sheer desperation had made her almost orgasm as she peed. Tom himself was equally excited, having seen and heard her struggle not to wet herself . As he finally stopped peeing and shook himself dry she put her arms round him, brought her face toward his and kissed him passionately. Tom responded by raising her off the toilet and releasing his still rigid penis. When it sprang back upwards he slipped inside her and within a few thrusts they had both reached a shuddering climax.

Once they had settled a bit they made themselves decent and slipped out of the bathroom and back to their room. Luckily the hallway was still deserted so nobody saw them emerge from the bathroom together which was a relief, as it meant that there would be no embarrassment at the breakfast table. They then showered , individually this time, and dressed for the day.

They enjoyed the remain of their break and a had lots of night time fun. There were no more wet accidents on that occasion, but that didn’t stop them enjoying themselves.

That’s all for this story but there are more adventures to come. By the time they meet again, they will have done some research into water sports and will finally address the subject.

Thanks for reading and I hope you have enjoyed it.

