Jade and Tori - Desperate Adventures - A Victorious Fanfiction

Author: Scalar

*000*2020-10-13 01:05

Before starting with the story I wanted to say some quick words. This is my first time ever writing a fanfiction, let alone an omorashi fanfiction. I have no idea at all how to write one and I have no idea if anyone will actually like this, but I tried my best and I think it turned out pretty well. Since english is not my native language, there might be some grammatical errors or some sentences that might sound weird, so please understand.

Let me know how you liked this one and if you want some more storys of Jade and Tori. I would definitelly be open to write some more storys. Suggestions or wishes would be awesome, although I still have some ideas in my mind. Further background information to read this story are not really required, but it would still be a good idea to have a basic knowledge about the show. Thanks for reading, and now enjoy

###

It was a wonderful day of July in LA. The weather was perfect. It wasn't too hot to have the students at Hollywood Arts dying and drowning in their own sweat, but it was hot enough to have a nice day at the beach with friends once Sikowitz would finally release all of them into the weekend. But Tori and Jade had other plans. They would spend a very nice day on their own.

Tori smirked at the though and glanced over to where Jade was seated. Her incredibly hot, smart, scary and also secret goth girlfriend was slightly jiggeling her legs, her hands laying on her crotch while she was watching the seconds on the clock tick by. Tori had to surpress a moan at that sight. Watching her girlfriend in only her tight hot pants and short crob-top, which was showing a generous amount of cleavage, being absolutely desperate to pee but not being able to openly hold made her wet on the spot. It was only ten minutes to go until it was the end of the day and Tori was almost disappointed that she couldnt enjoy Jade struggeling any longer.

They havn't been in a relationship for a long time. Tori waited almost 8 months after Jade and Beck broke up to ask her secred Crush for years out. Jade was surprised, but to Toris disbelive she actually agreed and just a few days later, Tori asked Jade to be her Girlfriend. This happend 3 months ago and they were still keeping it a secred, both enjoying the rush of adrenaline all the secret make-out sessions were giving them.

They discovered their shared fetish two months into their relationship on a date night at the movies. Jade didnt go to the toilet before the movie started, which, after drinking 1 liter of soda and watching a 3 hour long movie, turned out to be a huge mistake. By the end of the movie, Jade was absolutely bursting and at her limit but she enjoyed it too much, she almost wanted to hold it until Tori brought her home.

Tori, observent as she was, knew her Girlfriend had to pee long before the movie ended. When Jade told her she would need to go before they drove back, Tori build up all the courage she had in her and asked Jade to hold it. Jade was so shocked she let out a small spurt into her panties, not enough to be noticed though. She was so excited and shook her head yes, so they both went to the car, although it took longer than normal, due to Jades small steps. Toris excitement was on a whole new level, so high, she even forgot her own pressing need.

On the 20 minute drive home they talked about how they got into pee holding and how excited they both were, that they didnt have to hide it anymore. Jade made Tory horny by telling her how much she had to piss and that she would burst any second. Of course like a good girl, she didnt. She held it all the way back to Toris house and lucky as they were, neither Trina nor Toris parents were home. Jades steps kept getting smaller and smaller until they were at the doorstep. By this point, Jade was beging Tori to open the door and let her go, but Tori teased her and dropped the key multiple times. When she bend over to pick up the key she finally noticed her own desperate need but she was so overcome by Jades incredible bladder bulge and frantic pee dancing, that she just continued to drop it and not open the door.

After five minutes of continued key-dropping, it was too much for Jades bladder and the whole river she has been holding totally flood her pants and rushed onto the dorstep. Watching Jade absolutely piss herself in combination with her girlfriends moans was too much for Toris bladder and she pissed herself right next to Jade. After multiple minutes of peeing they looked at each other fondly. That was when their first 'I love you's' fell. That was when they first had sex together. Truly an amazing night.

Tori had to surpress another moan as she though about this day once again. Glancing back to the clock she saw that it was almost time to go and as if on clue, Sikowitz wished them all a great weekend. All of Toris friend were the first out of the room, while Jade and Tori hung back.

"How are you holding up?"

"I'm not sure if I can stand up without causing noticable damage", Jade mumbled under her breath. Tori smirked. "Welp, no point in waiting to find out", she said, while she abruptly yanked Jade to her feet. A loud hissing noice immediately filled the air and Jade shot her hands to her crotch and frantically pressed them down on her pelvis to stop the flow. A wet spot the size of a tennis ball appeared on her shorts, but Jade just managed to stop the flow.

"Are you crazy?", Jade whisper-sreamed while Tori just grinned innocently. "What do you mean?"

"You know damn well what I mean! Now I have to cover it up with something and I don't have a jacket!" Tori sighed. "Here, take my cardigan." Tori reached for the piece of clothing on the chair next to her and gave it to Jade, who looked relived and quickly covered her crotch. "Why the hell do you have a cardigan with you in July?"

"I don't know. Just be happy I had it or you would have been embarressed. Now do you wanna get home or continue interviewing me? Your parents still on this buisness trip?", Tori asked as she made her way towards the door. "Yeah, we can go to my house, they will be gone for another 2 weeks at least. Now let's go, I don't wanna piss in your car and I am not sure if I can last the 20 minute drive", Jade gasped as she started pee dancing on the sport. As jade looked in Toris eyes she saw just how much her girlfriend was enjoying to see her at her limit once again. And Jade was enjoying it too, but she was seriously starting to worry if she could make it home as they made their way through the parking lot towards Toris car.

Jade's eyes widened in shock once Toris car came into sight. All of their friends were gathered in front of Toris car, having a heated discussion. Probably about what they were gonna do over the course of the weekend. But right now, Jade wanted nothing more than to just relive herself. Tori saw the uncertainty in her girlfriends eyes and knew, she had to get rid of their friends quickly or Jade would have a huge problem.

"There you finally are! What were you doing so long in there? Anyways, what do you think we should do today? Go to the beach, what Cat and I want to do, or go to the beach tomorrow and relax today, which obviously is a stupid idea", Robbie immediately ranted as Jade and Tori reched the car.

"I don't wanna do anything with you morons", jade grumbled, trying to cover up her pressing need by being her usual grumpy self. Torii agreed. "I think we should wait for tomorrow, I just wanna go home and sleep to be honest", she lied. "But I wanna have ice cream and get wet on the beach with you guys", Cat said pouting.

"Look Cat, we can go tomorrow, I promise! I just really wanna go home!" Tori tried to end the conversation as quickly as possible, because she noticed how Jades legs slowly began to shake next to her. Fortunately, beck jumped to both her and Jades rescue. "Cat, I will take you to Freezy Queen and get you Ice-Cream but only if you agree that we gan go tomorrow", Beck smiled.

"YAY", Cat yelled, as she quickly hugged Beck and ran towards his car. Beck laughed slightly. "See you guys." They all quickly bid their goodbyes and Tori and Jade jumped into Toris car. Jade sighed relived. She was surprised that nobody asked her about her weird movements. She really tried to keep it together but if she would have stood still for one more second she would have peed.

Once they were seated, Jade instantly crossed her legs and pressed her hand against her croth. "Babe I'm telling you you better drive fast I'm at the brim of wetting myself", Jade panted. And it was true. She felt all of that piss sloshing around inside of her bladder, pressing against her peehole, begging her to release her muscles and let out the ocean inside of her. The last time she went to the toilet was before she once again watched the scissoring, her favourite Horror movie of all time. That was at 8pm yesterday, and since it was 3pm now, it has been almost 19 hours since she last emptied her baldder. Since then she had drunken a lot of soda during the movie, a bottle of water before bed, three whole coffees in the morning and a little water at school. Normally she would have emptied her baldder before school, but Tori texted her in the morining, asking her if she needed to go, so she willingly held it for her girlfriend.

"You are so hot when you are desperate", Tori moand, as she felt the wetness Jade was cauing ruin her panties. She was really tempted to let her fingers slide into her panties while driving and do something about it, but first of all, she was a responsible driver, and second of all, she would rather have Jade finish her off. "Yeah I know, now fucking drive!", she moaned, as she bend over in her seat.

"Only if you put your seatbelt on, babe. We don't want you to die in an accident! And do it tight too", Tori winked at her. Jade was too tired to argue. She put it on and instantly felt the fabric roughly push into her bladder. She crossed her legs even tighter, as another spurt escaped her urethra.

10 minutes into the drive, Jades bladder suddenly contracted. She yelpt loudly and instantly set up tighter in her seat as a huge spurt escaped into her panties, soaking her butt.

"Tori, Tori, please, I'm telling you I can't hold it! I thought i could, but I can't, please do something, stop anywhere RIGHT. NOW!", jade screamed, as she lifted her dripping butt from the seat, while spurted again. "Jade, you are a good girl, I think-", Tori began to shut her girlfriends wishes down as she stopped at a red light, but Jade was quick to speak.

"If you don't stop anywhere right now I'm pissing all over your car, I'm not joking Tori, look at me!", jade screamed desperately. Her pants were unbuttoned by now, the seatbelt was long gone and both of her hands her clamping her urethra shut, trying everything to keep the spurts from coming, but her whole shorts were dark blue by now, pee dripping onto the seat while pee escaped trough Jade's hands almost every second by now.

Toris eyes widened and she quickly reacher for her bag in the backseat to get her empty waterbottle out and handed it to Jade. Jade wanted to tell Tori to keep going until she found an empty parking lot, but her constant spurts and contracting bladder kept her moth shut and she quickly put one leg up against the dashboeard, janked her pants and panties down, exposing her dripping wet crotch. She pressed the bottle against her vagina and instantly let out a huge gush of pee, almost too big for the hole of the waterbottle. She moaned loudly as all of the liquid she has been keeping inside of her for almost a whoe day escaped and gushed into the bottle.

A few spurts didn't make it into the bottle and dripped onto parts of the car, but Tori didn't mind. The traffic light was still red, so Tori got to savor the sight of her exhausted girlfriend. Her eyes were glued to her crotch as she watch Jades huge tank empty into the bottle, which was filling up rather quickly. Tori loudly moand as she subconsciously let her hand travel into her own pants.

Jades stream was at no way starting to get less, as Tori reached for her second empty bottle and silently handed it to Jade as she took the first full 1 litre bottle from her. The traffic lights turned green and Tori reluctantly drew her eyes back on the road. She started the rest of the drive back to Jades place with the sound of Jade's dying stream playing like music in her ears...

