Tied Up Trans GF part 2

Author: sussytransgirl

*000*2023-08-06 07:55

Evelyn & Olivia again :)

I was sitting at home and I heard the door open.

E: "Olivia! I'm home from work!"

O: "Hey"

E: "How you doing?"

O: "Good, you?"

E: "Yeah I'm fine. You wanna do something?"

I did have something I wanted to do.

O: "Can we um... do that thing again?"

E: "What thing?"

My face started to heat up

O: "y'know, like last week?"

E: "Last- ooohhhh... you want me to tie you up again?"

O: "M- maybe."

E: "Sure thing babe, just one second."

She went into the kitchen, and a few minutes later came out with a glass of lemonade.

E: "Drink this. Gotta get you desperate."

I drank the lemonade, and we went into the bedroom.

E: "You ready?"

O: "mhm"

I removed everything except for my panties and got onto the bed.

Evelyn tied each of my arms and legs to the corners of the bed.

E: " Need to pee yet?"

O: "Eh, not really- AH!"

Suddenly, out of nowhere a huge spike of desperation hit me.

My hands tried to grab myself, but were restricted by the chains. I tried to cross my legs, but they were tied too.

O: "What happened!?"

E: "I added something special to the lemonade. Something to speed up the process."

O: "Holy s-shit"

My hips swayed from side to side, wishing I could hold myself.

Evelyn sat on the bed next to me, and started to rub my crotch.

O: "mph- ah f- fuck~"

E: You're a little stiff down there Liv~ You're really enjoying this, huh?

O: "Y- yeah-" I said between gasps and moans off pleasure of desperation.

Evelyn laid down next to me, softly kissing my face and still rubbing me.

O: "Ohhhmyggod- Eve- oh fuck that's good!"

I couldn't stop squirming, mostly from needing to pee, but also from how good Evelyn's hand felt on me.

Eventually I came, making a small wet spot in my panties.

I laid there, breathing heavily, heart beating fast.

O: "Mmm... Ev..."

Then, the need to pee came back, even stronger than before.

My legs desperately tried to squeeze themselves together, but they were stuck spread out wide.

O: "Ah- oh my- I need to piss so fucking bad!"

E: "Too bad you're all tied up, my love~"

Evelyn got on top of me, resting herself on my body, and putting extra pressure on my already bursting bladder.

I let out a moan of pain.

O: "AHH! ow- ffff- Evelyn, g- get off"

I was so desperate that I couldn't even form a proper sentence.

All of my strength and energy was going into holding not soaking the bedsheets.

O: "nnnggghhh- aahhh- oh!"

A "hot spurt of piss escaped me."

Evelyn giggled, then put all of her weight onto my bladder.

The pain and pressure in my bladder and crotch was extreme, but at the same time it felt so good.

At last I couldn't hold it anymore, and what felt like gallons of steaming yellow pee streamed out of me, soaking my panties, the bed, and Evelyn's hand.

O: "ahhh... "

Evelyn hugged and kissed me, still softly rubbing me through my soaked panties.

E: Good girl. You ready to be untied?

O: "yeahhh..." I said, still feeling the relief of not having litres of pee in my bladder.

Evelyn untied me, and we continued to lay there on the bed, cuddling and relaxing, feeling the warmth of the massive puddle I created.

