No one understands me!

Author: SuperFlux

*000*2017-03-13 16:55

Megan sat on the Beijing subway, line 2, as she listened to music. She was visiting China with her loved one, who was from Beijing. Relying on his husband as her guide, Megan didn't know how to speak any Chinese, at least not more than the word Hi. However, now her husband had something to address, about tax or something. She was on her own. As she realized she was approaching her stop, she was brought back to reality by a sharp pang by her bladder. She needed to go, bad.

Megan was wearing a pink skirt from a long time ago. It was her favorite, but countless wash cycles shrank the fabric. It was now very tight, pushing against her waist, and her bladder.

There were still two more stops to go, but after she got off, she needed to walk for 10 minutes. At the stop before hers, she saw an entrance that looked like a bathroom. Even the thought of a bathroom made her bladder contract. She didn't know if there was a bathroom at her stop so she quickly exited the subway.

She realized that those were not bathrooms, but a ticket office. She tried asking the person where the bathrooms were, but the person uttered a harsh line of Chinese and waved her off.

When looking at the sign, it said that the next subway car was in 4 minutes. Her bladder gave a protest so she grabbed her crotch discreetly to temporarily relief pressure. She decided that she couldn't wait 4 minutes. After exiting the station, her eyes darted around trying to find a bathroom.

As she walked, she found herself lost in what looked like a market. Her bladder gave a pang and she leaked a little into her red panties. She ran with hands in her crouch for a minute after catching sight of A building that looked like a bathroom. However the bathroom charged 1 yuan per person. She took out her wallet, and realized that she only had fives and tens, no ones.

Looking around, she noticed that there was a person beside her. She tried asking for change but of course, she didn't know what to say. She held out the 5 yuan bill, pointed to the 1 yuan sign and made a desperate pee-pee dance move to explain her situation. The pee-pee dance was quite necessary.

The person shook her head but spoke a few words in Chinese. The person was pointing towards a place but she didn't understand what it meant. She tried to stop a passing pedestrian but they wouldn't listen. Her bladder was so painful, she needed relief now. Another spurt came from her bladder which completely soaked her panties.

She sat down on a bench and gave up looking for a bathroom and just started looking around for a place to pee. She saw a bush that would cover her up somewhat well. However, she was now digging her crotch into the bench's armrest in a weird position. Megan tried to move but she lost control when trying to lift up her right leg.

Piss soaked the front of her skirt. She cried in vain as the rest of her bladder soaked everything. A girl passing by said something but she still didn't understand. She peed for a whole minute.

Megan, skirt drenched, had to start finding her way on the subway with a soaked skirt and panties. Oh gosh, so humiliating.

