Midnight's desperate situation: An MHA story

Author: sanjono

*000*2024-12-23 08:57

Chapter 1: The Morning Rush

Midnight, or Nemuri Kayama, awoke with the soft glow of dawn filtering through her bedroom curtains. The alarm clock read 6:30 AM, signaling the start of what was to be an unusually hectic day. After stretching her curvaceous, well-toned body and taking the first morning piss she made her way to the kitchen, her hips swaying with a natural grace. She brewed a pot of strong coffee, her favorite morning ritual, and sat down, allowing the aroma to wake her senses fully. As she sipped, her eyes lingered on the clock; time was of the essence today.

After finishing her coffee, Midnight moved to her dressing room. She slipped into her white bodysuit, which hugged her curves perfectly, accentuating her voluptuous figure. The black corset went on next, tightening around her waist, enhancing her hourglass silhouette. Purple thigh-highs covered her strong, shapely legs, and black boots completed the look. She headed towards her car, ready for the day's challenges.

Chapter 2: The Commercial Shoot

Midnight arrived at the studio to film a commercial for a new brand of special tea. The director, a man with a penchant for detail, greeted her with a look that seemed to linger too long on her chest, butt, thighs, and waist. After heading to the filming location the director instructed her to drink the tea in a seductive way in order to entice the customers. Midnight complied, her movements fluid and confident, but the repeated takes and the director's focus made her uncomfortable.

The director requested for more takes however Midnight understood that this was just an excuse for him to keep filming her in seductive poses with particular focus on her backside and buttocks. The more they rehearsed the more tea Midnight ended up consuming and by the end of the shoot, she had consumed three large bottles, the caffeine from the coffee earlier mixing with the tea, creating an urgent need to relieve herself. But there was no time; she had to rush to a variety show for an interview.

Chapter 3: The Interview

Upon arriving at the variety show, Midnight immediately inquired about the bathroom. "Sorry, Ms. Kayama, we're on a tight schedule. We need to film your segment now," the staff informed her. With a tight smile, she took her seat, crossing her legs firmly, trying to ignore the growing pressure.

Across from her, the host began his questions about her hero career. Each question was a distraction from her discomfort, but when he asked about her costume's practicality, especially regarding bathroom access, Midnight squirmed. "The focus is on functionality for my quirk, not bathroom convenience," she said while subtly shifting her weight, her thighs pressing together. The host retaliated by saying "Wow, Ms. Midnight, you're quite fidgety today. If I didn't know any better I would say that you want to use the bathroom". Midnight laughed awkwardly and brushed off the host's remark.

The interview concluded, and Midnight's need became desperate. She searched for a bathroom, her movements now more frantic, but there was none in sight. Duty called; she had to head to U.A. High School to teach her classes.

Chapter 4: Encounter with a villain

After heading out of the filming studio Midnight noticed a villain with a claw quirk attacking civilians. She immediately dashed towards them in order to defeat the villain. She started activating her quirk in order to put the villain to sleep but before he succumbed to her quirk he waved his claws at her managing to tear her corset to shreds. With the corset gone Midnight experienced some temporary relief as she could feel her bladder expand however she was still wearing a tight bodysuit after all so things weren't all that better.

After the villain got defeated a crowd of people surrounded Midnight in order to congratulate her on her achievement as well as take pictures with her. Amidst the chaos she could definitely feel a lot of hands grazing her ass, taking advantage of the situation in order to seize this one of a lifetime opportunity. Midnight was getting more and more uncomfortable as she could feel that her kidneys kept pumping liquid into her bladder making her lose control. She started pushing the crowd aside in order to reach her car and head towards U.A.

Chapter 5: A Teacher's Struggle

Driving to U.A. was a trial with her bladder at its limit. She wanted to cross her legs however her legs needed to be on the pedals and breaks and so all they did was tremble uncontrollably under the pressure. Before getting out of her car she put on a jacket she had in the back seat, that only reached down to the middle of her back, and dashed towards the female staff bathroom. Her desperation was very obvious from the fact that both of her hands were deep into her crotch, her way of running was rather limited as to not make her leak and her facial expression writhed in agony.

A desperate Midnight running through the halls of U.A in order to relieve her bladder was bound to attract a lot of attention. However the only thing students, male and female, seemed to notice was that, in the absence of her leotard, the firmness and springiness of her butt was even more apparent, and also the fact that her suit was slightly transparent making the panties she wore underneath slightly visible. Unfortunately for Midnight she found the female staff bathrooms under repair. "Excuse me, but when will it be ready?" she asked the repairman, her voice laced with urgency. "By the end of the school day," he replied, oblivious to her plight.

During classes, Midnight tried to maintain her composure, but her students noticed her discomfort. They kept asking her if she's okay and she would respond by saying that she was just a little tired. During the break her bladder had already reached critical levels of fullness and so Midnight sought refuge in the janitor's closet, intending to use a container in order to relieve herself. She began taking off her costume as it was impossible to pee otherwise and as she was preparing to finally pee her breath was full of anticipation and relief. As she was about to pull down her panties in order to pee into the container she heard bangs on the door. She immediately started putting on her costume and exited the closet right away much to the confusion of the janitor as to what she was doing there in the first place.

Chapter 6: The Final Straw

Her final class was torture. Midnight alternated between sitting with her legs tightly crossed and her constantly lifting her ass off her seat as she couldn't stay still from all the pressure on her bladder, her movements betraying her desperation. The rain outside added to her misery, the sound of water torture to her ears making her constantly sigh and whimper under her breath. What was worse however was students asking permission to go to the bathroom something she was in desperate need of. It was as if the students were mocking her.

Spotting All Might, she called out to him and then approached him, her legs half- crossed, and whispered into his ear: "All Might, I'm sorry but could you watch over my class for a while? I haven't been able to use the restroom all day and I can't take it anymore". He agreed to watch her class, and she thanked him, her voice a mix of pain and relief.

Midnight once again headed towards the bathroom more desperate than ever however fate was cruel; the principal called her to his office just as she was about to reach it. Inside, four policemen awaited, discussing the villain she had apprehended earlier. The situation called for professionalism however Midnight stood squirming in place, legs crossed, hands subtly on her crotch, her face contorted with desperation, her whole body leaning and bending forward with her constantly sighing in desperation as she could feel rivulets of piss soaking her panties.

Then a policeman jokingly asked her: "Miss. Midnight, is there something you want to get out of your system?". Midnight right then and there was about to tell to the policeman about how she was about piss herself however before managing to make a sound her eyes fell on an empty trash bin. In a moment of sheer desperation she decided to let her actions speak rather than her words. She pushed aside decorum, tore a hole in her suit, pushed her underwear out of her way and squatted over the bin.

The relief was immediate and overwhelming, her stream going strong for over two minutes straight, her loud and orgasmic moans of relief filling the room as she placed her hand on her swollen bladder, feeling it as it was deflating from being emptied. The cops and the principal stood in awe as Midnight, one of the most attractive female pro heroes, was squatting in front of them with her back arched forward in a way that made her ass look irresistible and she was unleashing a thunderous torrent of piss unlike anything they had ever seen. The moaning and whimpering sounds she made as she was letting out all that piss was quite arrousing for the policemen, they wanted to look away but they couldn't take their eyes of the spectacle of a hot woman relieving her bursting bladder.

Chapter 7: Epilogue

After her pee slowed down into a trickle Midnight started profusely apologising to the policemen and the principal. "I'm so sorry, but I hadn't peed all day and I was about to explode and I just couldn't take it anymore". The policemen assured her there was nothing wrong and they gave her tissues to wipe herself after she was done peeing. The bin was filled to the brim with pee with a couple droplets sliding down the edge and outside of the bin. Midnight was beyond relieved but at the same time quite embarrassed about what happened. She tied her jacket around her waist to cover her crotch area and she finally gave the report about the villain to the policemen. That was an experience she never wanted to go through ever again.

The end.

*001*2024-12-30 08:53

Pls read my story

