Fluid Aura

Author: Scoobydew

*000*2019-03-22 22:51

$$

Dark shadows cast across the walls of Tam-tara Deepcroft, in stark contrast to the ever-burning sconces and torches that lined it's walls. While normally one would expect an undercroft to be a silent as... well, a grave, it seemed tonight was an exception; Shuffling and moans steadily echoed through the halls, accentuated by a distant cacophony of chants.

A lone Keeper of the Moon miqo'te, Rui, had entered the Deepcroft. She had been expecting it to be relatively quiet after being cleared by a group of adventurers moons ago. Shortly after entering it, however, she realized that not all was well in the massive maze of tombs. Clutching her cane in front of her, she took a few breaths as she tried to calm the pounding heart in her little chest. It didn't help that she needed to make water, either, but she hadn't counted on being frightened nearly as much as she was.

Shuffling through the corridors meekly, she eventually came across several hunched over forms. Made up of both hyur, a couple elezen and what appeared to be at least one male miqo'te, they turned to her slowly and in time with each other to gaze upon the intruder. Rui froze in place, feeling terror fill her as those pale, dead eyes locked onto the lone living thing in the cavernous expanse. A shiver passed through her body, and she was acutely aware of a few dribbles escaping into her panties as her bladder recoiled. Thankfully, she managed to clench and keep herself mostly dry, only a few wet droplets appearing on the gusset of her smallclothes.

Remembering her magickal training, she tore several sizable rocks from the ground, flinging one at each of the walking corpses. All but one were flung to the ground, their bodies being crushed handily by the blunt force. The lone miqo'te was a bit more nimble, however, somehow retaining the traits he had in life. He rushed at the Keeper, and she had just enough time to cast a massive burst of wind magic at him, sending him flying down the hall before falling over a ledge into a chasm.

The close call caused the poor girl to clutch her cane with both hands now, holding it close to her bosom as she could. She couldn't tell if she had dribbled any more into her panties, but the fact that her legs were still dry under her skirt indicated she had yet held on to her dignity.

This situation felt beyond her, however she felt obliged to at least discover the source of the corruption before she went running. It was her duty to the Shroud, to Eorzea, perhaps! Still clutching her cane like a child would their favorite stuffed animal, she shuffled forward until she came to a massive chamber.

A reddish glow filled the chamber, and it was oddly quiet compared to the rest of the Deepcroft. Moving to the center, she couldn't find anything of note... however, a strange sense of dread filled her, and her body began to tremble as she looked around for the source. Turning around, then, she finally found it...

...or it had found her. What appeared to be a hyuran woman, clad in dirty white robes and hat, stood. Rui's breathe caught in her throat with a soft gasp as the woman tilted her head up, the brim of her hat slowly revealing her grinning face. She had never met this woman before, but the way she spoke to the Keeper made it seem like they were childhood friends. "Ah, you made it to the wedding, Rui!"

"I am -so- glad you could be here for me and Avere's day! Your presence blesses us..." She stepped closer, arms outstretched as if to embrace. Despite her desire to run, Rui's body was seemingly paralyzed in terror, wide eyes only seeming to get wider as a whimper passed her lips. This was it, she was done for.

The poor miqo'te felt as her bladder finally gave in, deciding there was no point in holding all that pent-up pee if this was her end. Her panties steadily flooded as a stream poured from her, both passing straight through the thin material and dribbling down Rui's trembling lets under her skirt. A puddle quickly began to form under her feet, the gentle sound of trickling urine almost appropriate for such a damp place, even if it was quite a bit warmer and fresher.

"No!" Rui thought, "Not like this!" She clenched her eyes shut then, still standing, trembling and watering herself in fear as she felt something well up within her. A burst of light and aether came from her body then, unbeknownst to her.

When the poor Keeper opened her eyes again, the scary hyur was no longer there. The chamber was empty, save for her, and the puddle she stood in, the few last drops of her voided bladder echoing on the walls. Regaining control of her body, she looked down, shoes gently splishing in the puddle as she raised one to give her leg a final shake, thanking the twelve she had been alone when she had wee'd herself like a little kit.

She quickly made her way out of the Deepcroft, intent on telling the Seedseers what she had discovered. Another adventurer would take care of it for sure, but... the most important thing to her was safety, and maybe a bath...

(Featuring @Ruromo

's character, Rui! I hope I did this cute scaredy catte justice! ^_^)

