A Guy’s Gotta Do What A Guy’s Gotta Do

Author: SomeHuman1237

*000*2023-11-24 09:42

So many things going on, so much stuff to take care of.

Bill was driving home in bud semi-truck. His blue cap was on, sunglasses, white t shirt, red plaid shirt, jeans and belts with his brown boots. His wife was sitting next to him and sleeping and his kids were sitting behind him. Bill grew thirsty and quickly chugged down his second huge bottle of water. He felt hydrated and kept driving and he was glad to be traveling with his family

30 minutes later, the need to piss kicked in and Bill sighed. Bill tried not to think about it and kept driving. Rachel {Bill’s wife} woke up and smiled at him and put her hand on his lap. Bill felt more comfortable after feeling his wife’s touch and put his hand on top of her hand.

“Is something wrong honey” asked Rachel

“I’m okay dear, I just gotta use the bathroom , I’ll be fine for now” Bill responded

Rachel looked at Bill’s two water bottles and said “I’m guessing it’s pee and not poo.” Bill slightly chuckled and nodded

15 minutes later, Bill uncomfortably groaned. Rachel rested her hand on his leg and patted his lap. She checked her GPS and told him that the nearest gas station was 40 minutes away. Bill nodded and sighed, the urge to pee was horrible and he could barely hold it.

A few minutes later, the kids woke up and they needed to use the bathroom too. Bill told them that it’ll be a while and they’ll have to hold it.

”We’ll try our best, Dad” said Angela

20 minutes later, Bill got more uncomfortable. He tried to hide his desperation. Bill wiped his forehead and fanned himself, which caused Rachel to turn the AC on. Bill felt a leak and he grabbed on to his crotch area to try and keep anything else from leaking.

The kids handed Rachel bottles with yellow liquid, and she nodded and stored them in their cup holder. Bill looked at the bottles and tried to not think about his need to pee.

When Bill reached the gas station, he felt like his bladder was going to burst and he quickly stepped out of his truck. He felt like he couldn’t hold it much longer so he undid his belt and unzipped his jeans. Urine started spraying out of his penis as soon as he whipped it out. The kids tried to look away as their father was relieving himself. Bill tried to stop peeing but it just kept squirting and spraying out that a huge puddle was forming. About 2 minutes later and he finally finished. The kids stepped out of the truck to go buy drinks. Bill tried to stop his son from getting out but he was too late because his son had already stepped in the huge puddle. Bill’s face turned red and he became completely embarrassed.

Bill drove home and they all walked inside. Bill set down his keys and walked to the bathroom and lifted up the toilet seat. The kids tried to stay away because Bill forgot to close the door. But Bill learned to not chug so much water too quickly

