A Wet and Wild Ride

Author: slurpee

*000*2019-11-02 01:19

Thanks for checking out my fic, i've been a lurker for a while and this is my first post. hope you enjoy!

Sarah woke up to a loud beeping in her room. Groaning, she twisted around in bed before finally lifting the pillow off her head and looking around. Looking for the source of the beeping, she found her alarm clock. it read 6:15. She suddenly leaped out of bed and threw some clothes on, yelling “Shit! I’m gonna be late!” she had to board a plane fight at 9:00 for a meeting. Looking out the window and seeing the storm, she threw on a pair of jeans, a shirt, some rubber boots and a windbreaker. Grabbing her suitcase, she legged it out of her apartment, through the rain and into the car. She frantically started the car and drove off.

Around 15 minutes into the drive, she realized that she had forgotten her daily morning pee in the confusion that morning. She decided that she’d just have to hold it in until the airport. Unfortunately for her, that was easier said than done. Around thirty minutes into the drive, she was already squirming with uncomfort. the freeway was jam packed with cars with no breakup in the foreseeable future. Eventually though, she got to the airport. She frantically brought her bag in and determined it would be a good idea to find the nearest bathroom. she found the women’s room, but to her horror, it was shut. Unfortunately for Sarah, one of the toilets broke and needed to be fixed before anyone could use it. She went to the nearest staff member to ask. “Hi, i saw that the women’s bathroom is shut. Could you point me to the nearest set of open bathrooms?” she asked.

“I’m sorry ma’am, but the only bathrooms available as of the moment are the ones after security.” She stated in a matter-of-fact tone. Sarah sighed, thanked the lady anyways and walked over to security. She got in the painfully long line, and waited, all the while squirming in uncomfort. She eventually got through security, although at this point she was desperate. Walking had become a chore; each step felt like a bulldozer running into the full dam that was her bladder. she got over to a map of the airport, and quickly located the nearest bathroom. She waddled through the crowds until she finally saw the sign for the Women’s Bathroom.

However, her jaw dropped in agony when she saw that not only was the line for the toilet out of the bathroom, but it wrapped around a wall. women were holding their crotches and nervously fidgeting, and some looked like they were about to pee themselves. Her flight would begin boarding in 5 minutes. she had to make a decision, and soon. After some internal struggle, Sarah decided that the best option would be to board the flight and get on the bathroom inside. She hurriedly rushed over to her gate and showed the guard her passport and ticket. her ticket was approved, and she walked through the tunnel that connected to the plane. she went for the bathroom, however an attendant urged her to sit down and wait for takeoff before heading to the bathroom. So, in agony, she sat down and buckled up.

After the plane was taken onto the runway, it soon took off. The sudden G’s from the monstrous jet engines had suprised Sarah, and caused a small wet spot on her light blue jeans before she caught it. However, just as soon as the pilot announced that the passengers were free to roam the cabin, Passengers were called back to their seats due to turbulence from a storm. At this point, Sarah had about had enough, so she attempted to unbuckle her seatbelt to go to the bathroom before she pissed herself. to her astonishment, the buckle didn’t let her out. No matter how hard she pushed on the buckle, it would not open. She frantically pressed the button to summon a flight attendant. When she arrived, Sarah said “I think my seatbelt is jammed, it won’t let me out!”

“I’m sorry ma’am, but the seatbelts have been locked due to turbulence.”

“Yes, but I really need to use the bathroo-”

“Ma’am, i’m sorry, but you’re just going to have to hold it. There is currently nothing we can do.” she said before walking off. Sarah, panicking, attempted to slide under the seatbelt to no avail. She eventually sighed, and gave up, accepting her fate. She closed her eyes, and opened the floodgates. She felt the hot, yellow liquid flowing into her jeans, completely soaking them. She was pleasantly surprised by the warm piss soaking into her jeans and the airplane seat and even enjoyed it. as the piss slowly flowed down her jeans, it eventually got to her rubber boots. It slowly began filling up the bottom of her boots, and completely soaked her socks. She was loving it at this point. the warmth and pleasure had overcome the embarrassment, and she didn’t care that people were staring, and even laughing at her. After she was finished, she leaned back and put on a movie on the moniter in the back of the seat in front of her. The next six hours was a warm, piss soaked heaven for Sarah.

