For the time lost

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*000*2026-02-02 21:28

That ride on the bus was a hell long time. But it's finally done. So annoying to have to travel half of the country just to see her pretty face.

I get down the bus and aim towards the central square of the city. I'm wearing blue jeans, checked red blouse over black shirt laced at the top. After a few minutes worth of walk, I get there, I eagerly throw glances around, looking for her. A second I pause, discouraged, impatient to locate her face. She approach me with a certain step, having spotted me since afar.

"Hey pretty girl.." Her soothing voice helps me find her. I see her cute face and the smile she can't hold back when she sees me. She's wearing a black legging with a pink vest and white shirt. I close the distance and hug her, she hugs me back tightly, we stay like this for a good handful of seconds. "How was your trip?" She asks in her caring voice.

"I was really bored, but I knew it would worth it." I smile to her. I do a step towards her again and I kiss her. She give in to me and kiss me for a little while, but she soon gets flustered and does a step back. "I miss you.." I sigh to her.

"Mollie, we're in public!" She hushes and looks around, kind of stressed.

"What? Can't I kiss my girlfriend? Is that forbidden?" I smile playfully. "We're not in your countryside here. It's okay."

She looks down at me, she's a bit taller than me, I give her a hand and we go walk. We pass the pretty gardens. We pass the long busy city alleys. We cross through another urban square. I'm feeling my bladder filling up. Now, I know I'm not that good to hold for long, far away from home, and I've downed two third of my water bottle during that long bus ride, but, I was kind of hoping.. Not today. I want to spend the best time I can with her. I have to hold it.

"I love your liner." I smile to her.

"One of the few things I don't fuck up." She smirks.

"Can I be in the things you fuck up?" I joke around.

She smiles to me.

After looking at a few shops, I ask her if she would like to go eat. I had snacks on the trip, but now I'm getting very hungry. She admit she is too, so we aim for a small comfy-branded boutique just near the square.

We come to choose our order, we sit down, and we both enjoy the bit of rest. I got a strawberry milkshake and she chose a delicious looking chocolate waffle. It's really great, but I always get so thirsty with icecream. Good thing I have bought a water bottle with it.

"What are we doing this week?" I ask her.

"I have a few things planned. There is this cave it's supposed to be epic exploring. Then before the end we should try sunbathing aside the lake." She explains her idea. "What do you think?"

"That promises to be fun." I smile.

I feel like my bladder is sending me signals now. I feel the milkshake and the water are running down to it without even trying to slow down. And I'm actually surprised by a wave I have to clench my legs together to fight. I'm getting a little bit stressed up. I shouldn't be that desperate so soon, right? There is a fresh autumn breeze that blow from time to time, in the big mall the comfy boutique is located. That doesn't help. Yeah. It must be it. But I cannot take risks now. I wanted to spend an afternoon with her. Fuck.

"Are you..." I'm shy to admit. "Will you want more shopping?"

"You look a bit stressed... Are you okay, babe?" She worries.

"Can we cut short to the hotel? I really have to go..." I confess.

"Yeah of course." She nods.

She stands up, close her vest and bring out her phone. I see on her face, she goes right into problem solving mode. She can be like that. I do too sometimes, but the occasions are rare. I see the reflections in her glasses, she looks at the map of the city.

"Okay so we are about an hour afar of the hotel. And there is a quarter of tram ride." She consider. "Should we go find public restrooms?"

"I'm not a fan of public restrooms. Last time I tried those I felt dirty for a week." I sigh. "I can make it, I'll hold it."

A mistake I made. Or is it really a choice to hold it when you don't know what you'll come across? In the moment, it was obvious to me I won't be putting my need in the hands of this city. And again, I can hold it, usually. I'm a big girl. I can do it. I'll make it in time, this was just a wave.

"Let's not waste any time then." She agree.

I stand up I walk to her and I give her my hand. We start walking through the city again. The need calmed slightly, as we reach outside the mall I thought the wind would make it worse, but walking and giving her a hand does help. I barely manage to get my mind into a more comfortable position, not worrying about my need, but wondering the paths around the city we are gonna take, and what shops we will glance at.

"I'm sorry we are flying through these.." I sigh.

"Its great actually. I love to register in my mind the places I wanna feel comfortable in. Kind of my autistic way of exploring." She tries to reassure me.

I forget she's like that. We are both not super fan of shopping, but it's been a time and it feels common ground when on holidays. I wanted to gift her winter clothes as she mentioned she might run short of these. Suddenly a new wave strikes. I have to stop walking. I try to make it subtle for the common eye but, I have to gather my legs. She looks at me with a caring face. She does a step to me and hug me gently.

"It's okay darling, you're gonna make it." Her voice soothes me again.

She have the prettiest voice, I must say. I don't know what she does, how she does it, but she always get me. I believe the wave comes to an end, so I start walking again.

We climb up the tram. We find a sit without effort, few people outside on this cloudy, slightly rainy day. It rained during the trip in the bus. I don't know if raining while I'm walking will help it or worsen it. The sound on the tram's glasses though, would definitely make it worse.

As she's aside of me in the tram, I let go my head and rest against her shoulder. She put her arms around me. That always brings me warmth. In my heart, mostly. I put a hand in her hand, we kind of trace each other's lines and fingers...

"I'm so glad to be with you again." I let a deep sigh out.

"I'm so happy too." She agrees. "I'm excited to cuddle. It's been so long."

"Cuddling, is that all?" I redress my head to look at her.

She blushes. Cuddles. Huh. I know how cuddles end up with her. We cannot do anything right now, but it helps with the hold having my mind on something else.

"I sleep so bad when I'm alone in bed." She admits.

"Yeah right?" I smile. "I feel so bad waking up realizing you're not here spooning me."

"I'll spoon you, sweetie." She announce. "All this holidays, as you wish."

"Yay! Looking forward for that!" I giggle.

I look at her lips. They're always so inviting. I'm suddenly shy to close the gap. I don't know why, maybe because I know this will only make the time to the hotel feel longer. But I can't. I want her lips. She look at me in the eyes, understanding my line of thought just with a glance, and she kisses me. I give in to her. But. Its just one kiss. She just pressed up against me. I.. I want more.

"Gosh I love the face you make when you're needy like this..." She sighs.

"Kiss me.." I beg. "It helps..."

"I'm sure it does." She smirks.

I look at her shyly. I'm not usually that timid, but I just stare at her with need for her lips as she stay still, surely enjoying the position I'm in. I had enough, I close the gap and kiss her. She give in to me and kiss me. My hand fall from her hand to her leg. I get my arm around her and she melt into me. When I eventually cease, I see her red blushing face avoiding eye contact. I smirk.

"What's wrong, princess? Are you getting too much into this?" I whisper.

"Wait for the hotel room for calling me that.." She whimpers.

I look at her, she can't stop blushing, I love when she's like that.

"How can you do this?" She sigh. "You're supposed to be in a weak position right now.. But you still manage to top me..."

Can't hold a big grin on my face. I look away, through the glass watching the tree alleys, trying to not get carried away. I let go my arms of her and I rest my head against her shoulder again. She hold me in her arms once more.

Minutes passes slower and slower. We come to the end of our ride as the ring chime, on the tram's screen is written the destination, I manage to get up and follow her leading me to the exit of the tram, and we stand out, in the fresh breeze.

I try to walk, but a wave strike me. I have to clench my legs. I bite my nails to not send my other hand between my legs. It is busy. There is people around. I feel the spike of stress. She does a step to me and put her hand on my cheek.

"We are ten minutes away. We are almost there." She cheers me.

"Fuck I have to go so bad." I sigh.

She bite her lower lip, looking at me, probably eager for that hotel room or something, and I try my best to not squirm around in my obvious need to go to anyone's eye if they would give a second of attention on me. I don't know if I'm gonna make it at this point. I'm usually confident with this, but I also don't usually get that desperate.

We walk for five minutes, she's tearing my hand to drive me at this point, I walk slower and slower, not able to hold my hand from pressing against me, so worried to lose it.

We come to a gate. She uses a magnetic card to open it, but standing there is awful. I can't stop squirming and dancing around. Then suddenly a question brings me fear.

"Babe... What floor?" I almost cry.

"Second.." She worries. "Do you think you can wait for the elevator?"

As I'm left with uncertainty, a wave strike stronger than ever. My muscles weaken, and a stream cross my pipes, landing directly in my white panties. Poor white panties. The warmth gives me shivers. The shivers makes it harder for my muscles to work again.

"Babe, I'm losing it!" I panic.

"Come on darling, you are so close to making it!" She assures.

I come to stop the leak. I don't know how. I'm just hoping there is still gonna be something to let out when I'll sit on the toilet at this point. I sigh, thankful to my muscles and surprised I actually could regain control. A small wet spot shows up, the size of a coin, just over between my legs.

My dear help me walk, I'm somewhat running to the entrance door. The Elevator's door is closed. We aim for the stairs. One step after the other. I hold tight my muscles as much as I can. But each step, I feel a leak. A drop comes out, then another, then another. Sometimes it is not a drop, once a whole stream manages to escape my bottoms, but I don't lose hope, I can't, I have to climb up the stairs, and get to this fucking room.

Around midway, I stop climbing. I stand around the corner of the stairs, both hands between my legs, feeling more and more wet by all the leaks that got out, but still holding it.

"Hold it babe, you can do it!" She comfort me. "Just one floor yet!"

"Babe, I need you to open the doors for me!" I whimper, begging her to help. "Go and don't make me have to stand and wait!"

"Alright, I'm on it!" She agrees.

She goes through the stair way faster than me, and tries to grab the keys in her bag early. I'm focused on holding it. I can do it. I can make it. Only a few meters left. I'm gonna run into that room's toilet, and make falls in them like they never seen.

I come to the top of the stairs, I pass by my sweetheart that opens the door and stand there out of the way for me, because she's an angel like this, babe thank you so much, I do hold it and tame the leaks for now.

"The first one on your left!" She shout to me as I rush into the room.

I fly through the room, opening the bathrooms door, I see the throne, my victory, I turn around and try to undo my jean.. That jean's button. I'm so stupid, I should have seen that coming. That's it, I'm gonna have to sit fully clothed on the toilet if I can't undo that button. I'm barely holding it, I'm gonna leak in seconds.

"Fuck, the jean, fuck!" I cry.

"Babe are you okay?" She asks across the door.

I stand there, whimpering, hopeless, but then, Kannah, my sweetheart, she rushes to the room and go for the jean's button. Her nails are done. She don't even care. She does it in a second, I lower my jeans, and when I sit on the toilet, I leak the next instant, the flow comes out of me and flood my panties, overwhelming it with pee it gives up and let my stream flow through it too, falling down the toilet.

"Babe, your panties!" She notices.

"Fuuuck, it feels so good to finally let go.." I moan.

She forgets it. I just flood my panties, legs apart, my eyes closed, feeling like heaven. I feel like my bladder is still half full, this could take quite long. I open my eyes, to see she's still standing there against the sink, watching me relieving myself.

"Are you enjoying yourself here honey?" I smirk in a soft low voice.

"You know what? Yes, actually, that's so hot." She sighs.

"Is that why you did bite your lip earlier?" I ask, curious. She blushes immensely. "What? Did you think I didn't seen that?"

"Are you trying to keep the upper hand?" She goes bratty. "You are literally peeing your panties, sweetie."

"Do you think that stops me from ordering you to beg on your knees?" I smirk again. She stays there, blushing, waiting for me to do something. I don't change my mind. "Didn't you hear me? Come here."

She gets on her knees and I put a hand on her chin. She gives in to me, and I kiss her. I'm still going. It still hisses and drops with noise. But I kiss her passionately. She subtly gets squirming, she grab my hand and put me on her chest. I caress her soft breasts over her white shirt, her nipples pointing through.

My relief comes to an end. The flow stops. The stream cease. I put my panties down and I get rid of my jeans when I stand up. She tries to get up but my hand on her head tell her otherwise. She look at me with eagerness.

"Wouldn't you like a taste, princess?" I smile.

*005*2026-02-11 11:18

Kannah starts to lick me eagerly. I instantly feel the pleasure and my legs shiver for a second. I just gone so much, I'm wet all over my parts and my thighs. She doesn't mind at all. She looks like she's enjoying it, even. I never seen her that desperate to lick me.

My legs shivers, I feel the pressure and the stress in my body reducing drastically, I'm getting exhausted with all that walk and stair climbing, so I'm not sure I can follow through that quick.

"P- Princess you're doing great, but I don't think I can stay standing up like this.." I sigh.

She stops and she backwards a bit, she looks at me with need in her eyes but she soon goes caring for me again.

"Am sorry, I- I got carried away.." She blushes.

"You're fine sweetie, I need to lay down that's all." I look around, fumbling what to do next. "I think I might step in the bathtub just for rinsing myself but go over the bed babe, I'm not done with you yet."

She nods and goes. I get off my black shirt and red blouse, I throw my clothes in the basket. I wash myself for a few seconds and I grab a towel to dry my legs. As I move the towel on me, rubbing it against my skin, my thighs, close to me, it spikes, I feel so horny suddenly, I'm not sure why, the gentle kisses in the bus, the stress of holding it, and the relief with her watching me... This afternoon was something, I'm getting pent up, I can't help but wander a finger on my lips, gliding up to my clit.. I shiver, I'm already so worked up.

I have to fight touching myself. I let go of the towel and go to the room, back to my sweet dear. I find her kneeled on the bed, in her panties, shirtless.

"I'm back!" I smile.

"Fuck you're so hot walking around naked like this..." She blushes.

I climb up the bed to hug her, I kiss her, she kisses me, I push her against the bed, she lean down with me as I drive her laying down, she pushes her head against mine kissing me, she put her hands on my sides thrusting my body into her, I feel myself getting wetter and wetter against her. She is rocking hard against me.

"Babe.. I think something's pending over here.." I sigh, pleasured.

She locks her legs with mine and roll me over. She starts to grind on me so eagerly. Her panties pointing on my clit, her tip right in the best place.. she knows what she's doing.

She kisses me again, then she kisses lower to my neck, then she swirls her tongue on my nipples, planting kissing all over them, straddling me, grinding, craving for me. I can't stop moaning with the pleasure she gives me. It's not the first time we have fucked against one of our panties like that, but I know she likes this pink panties she wears.

"Sweetie, I'm gonna soak you if you grind against me like that.." I worry a little.

"Yes please soak me-" She moans shamelessly.

She have this look on her face. When she looks at me that way, I know she is getting really into it. She looks like she could eat me alive. And she did eat me out.

Even though she was grinding on me with force, I feel her slowing down, pressing less and less against me. She comes to a stop, and fall down on my side, hugging me. We both sigh and catch our breaths.

"Aww, are you too tired to rub against me?" I tease her.

"Were you getting off over this?" She asks, curious.

"Yes, really. I felt the very first spasm on the way to orgasm.. I'm horny, babe..." I admit.

I try to look at her in the eye, but she's distant, she avoids eye contact. She is getting really shy now. She is the cutest. I present her my hand in the air, in her line of sight, not doing anything, waiting for her to respond. She places my hand in her hair. I caress her hair gently.

I stay silent, I gladly caress her soft wavy hairs, we both stay still, we both see our bodies calming down. I wanna reassure her. I'm having a ton of fun here. But I'm not gonna talk until she asks me something. She looks at me in the eye eventually, but she stay silent for a moment, I see her thinking, trying to fumble on words, seeking what to say. I don't say anything, I open my arms and I tilt my head subtly. I'm offering her cuddles.

She turns around and get close to me, she catches my left hand and links her fingers with mine, so now I have one hand stroking her hairs, and the other with her hand on her belly. We stay like this for a minute. And she finally get to speak.

"I'm sorry I weirded out of this." She apologize.

"It's okay. It happens. I had lots of fun already. We don't have to do anything." I affirm.

She takes a deep breath and sighs.

"It's just, I planned on waiting to be married and move in for at least two years before revealing this part of me to someone. But it happened today, because I couldn't keep myself together." She confess.

"Kannah, you're fine." I hold her softly. "Gosh, I feel guilty for having cut short our afternoon together. I'm the one that couldn't keep my needs at bay here."

"But our first moment together is me licking you because I can't have enough of you!" She regrets.

I pause for a second. It's been a long time I've been craving for her. She feels shamed for being that attracted to me, but if she knew what I've been thinking in the bus. In the bathrooms. And now, as she's telling me this. My brain goes for silly mode, and I remember the many times I succeeded with joking around on vocal with her. So I give in to the moment.

"Am I supposed to feel angry at you right now? Because I won't lie this sounds kinda hot.." I smirk.

She let go of my arms, she redresses herself and look at me in the eye. She looks sorry. She also can't stop wandering her eyes on my body. My eyebrow raise as I see her feast her eyes on me. Then she looks at me and blushes as she sees I've seen her lurking on me. I see her blushing and I smirk. She blushes more. I redress too and we are now sat one in front of the other.

"Princess. I want you. If I didn't wanted you, I wouldn't be naked on the bed with you right now. When I see you that hard for me, grinding against me like you do... There is only one thing in my mind. And that is making you cum. I just wanna pleasure you.."

She sighs, closing her eyes as I see her pent up again. She looks like she's blessed.

"What did I do to deserve you...?" She whines with a smile.

I feel like I could go along with the horny, but both of our belly start growling, like, at the same time. We look at each other, embarrassed. I get up and grab my phone. It's about dinner time.

"Actually, can I take you to diner?" I ask. "It's barely 7 pm."

"Can we do that?" She asks, interested.

"We don't have to play full romantic here, any meal would fit me." I express myself.

"Wait, please, I want that!" She seems so happy suddenly. "That would be so great!"

I can't stop smiling looking at her so joyful like this.

I've gathered a few outfits for this week. I felt she wanted that slowburn feeling for tonight, so I'll go with my blue blazers and pants. That light navy blue highlights my blond hairs. Also fits my bob haircut.

After a time I walk to the bathrooms, curious of what she's doing there door open. She sighs, trying to redo her liner.

"Hey." I announce myself.

"My line was fading with all of this so I'm trying to draw it again, but I can't. I failed it twice already." She explains.

"Can I help you?" I offer.

She nods. I get close to her and I draw her two beautiful wings. She's wearing a black dress with roses on it, and she took the checked red blouse from me. She looks stunning like this.

"I gone quite kitty on this. Would you like something more harsh?" I ask.

"Oh my gosh it's perfect like this!" She looks at herself in the mirror. "This is exactly the vibe I was aiming for!"

"Nailed it." I smirk.

She closes her pink kitten-candy themed handbag as she's done with her makeup. She looks at me shyly, I look up at her with a subtle smile.

"Am I pretty?" She asks, seeking reassurance.

I do a step and I kiss her. She gives in to me. We kiss for about a minute. She melts into me as I do have a hard time trying to control my hands. Her butt feels really great in that dress. I manage to let go of her lips, I stay quite close, face to face with her.

"How's that for an answer, huh?" I mumble.

"Mollie you.." She's speechless.

After a handful of second, she moves a bit, squirming a little on the spot. She does look embarrassed in my arms.

"Squirming already? Are you that needy?" I wander.

"I need to pee..." She whispers shyly.

"Tell me how it works." I mutter, curious. "I wanna learn how to play with you.."

She closes her eyes, that blessed look again. She's priceless.

"We don't have to. I can let you go if you don't feel like it." I leave that open for her.

"There, you got it already." She mumbles. "That's the kink."

"What?" I demand. "Do I get to choose if you can go or not?"

She blushes immensely. Oh. That is another need I get to master of her. I get it now. This is so hot.

"What happens if you fail? Do I get to tease you for a few hours or something?" I smirk.

"I- you-" She stutter. "Y- Yes, that would be great."

"Okay, that sounds like a plan." I smile.

I look around, pondering what to do next. We are all prepped up now, wouldn't wanna waste our pretty faces.

"We have prepared ourselves too much to devolve into dirty sex now though haven't we?" I hesitate.

"Yeah, so, for a playing session, which we call a hold, we usually get way enough hydrated for the need to increase and possible wetting to stain less. Which... You kind of did earlier." She explains. "We usually wait for when there's time ahead.."

"You didn't told me how I tasted." I smirk, curious. "What do you think? Was I hydrated enough?"

"Y- You were.. You really were..." She blushes.

After a second, looking at her beautiful flustered face, feeling my white panties getting wet, I decide to take action. I put my hand on her cheek, slide down her neck, down her breasts, her belly, lower and lower...

"Kannah.. Can we play?" I whisper.

My face is not hiding my need for her. She closes her eyes and sighs with a subtle smile. I look at her for a clear answer. She nods promptly.

"Go to the tub, princess. Raise your dress." I order.

She climbs in the tub and tear her dress up, flashing me her red half-laced panties, putting her hands on her breasts. That complete submitted pose of her is so thrilling. I have to fight not to join her right now. But I keep it together.

"That looks pent up, darling... Can I get it off?" I ask.

"Yes miss.." She agrees.

I tear her panties down and she sighs at the rub of the fabric against her. She's rocking hard, twitching. I almost feel guilty for working her up like that. Fuck. That is so hot.

"I can't pee like this..." She remarks.

"Yeah I bet you won't, princess. Can I help you with that?" I offer.

"Yes miss please.." She whimpers in need.

I throw down my pants and get in the tub behind her. We kneel down. I put my arms around her, one down her, one on her breasts, my mouth kissing her neck. She melts instantly and push back against me, I almost grind on her butt. I take a second to tear up the back of her dress, forecasting to protect her pretty clothes. She's leaking precum in my hand.

"Neck kisses.. Fuck!" She moans. "Babe, I need you!"

I go faster and faster, gently, stroking her making her moan louder and louder, she tenses up, starting to shiver in sweat. She's close already. I don't stop, I don't slow down, I pursuit, I rub her firmly, she gets closer and closer, her moans higher pitched, her voice singing, her whole body twitching.

She reaches heaven and cum in my hand. Shivering. Moaning. Sweating. I got her done in less than thirty seconds. She needed this.

"Mollie.." She sighs, catching her breath.

She rests for a minute against me. She soften in my hand. My panties feel soaked. We calm down. She stand back on her knees. I get back my head against her shoulder, mostly because I can see her, but also cause I can kiss her neck from here. Which I do, only once, making her sigh.

"How can you do that? I usually need hours!" She whimpers.

I'm glad I have that effect on her. She looks down, shivering.

"I- It's coming!" She warns me.

She let it go, her golden stream starts flowing landing at distance in the tub. I aim for the drainer, but it's fairly easy, it's a solid line. She sigh in relief and the hisses she makes going doesn't help the wetness spreading in my panties. But it's not pee, that's for sure.

She tears her panties back up before any drops could fall down her knees. Okay, this was some real fun. She turns around and I prepare to get up believing we are done. But she kisses me, her hand reaching for my panties.

"Now don't you dare get up before I'm done with you." She uses her soothing voice.

"Oh, Kannah.." I moan when she find my button.

She leads me to the far edge of the bathtub, I rest against the wall as she kisses my breasts. But her mouth won't stop getting lower on me. I sigh and my legs shivers in eagerness. She tear aside my panties, and goes right to lick me. I can't hold the moans. She flicks on me just the way I like it. The wetness, the horny, her head against me, I won't hold long.

"I was craving to hear those of yours.." She pauses.

"Fuuuck, princess I- I'm gonna-" I moan.

I orgasm in sweat and shivers just as she did, unable to hold it when she's doing that. I manage to catch my breath and calm down. She's just staying there, smiling. She's enjoying looking at me, kneeled down, staring at me like a good kitten waiting for something. I imagine her having a catgirl tail wagging in this instant.

"Kannah. You're such a goodgirl." I praise her, she sigh and shiver subtly. "You are so fucking cute."

"I love you, Mollie." She couldn't hold back her feeling.

"I love you too, princess." I sigh. "Fuck this was good. Thank you. I needed this."

"Thank you, I appreciate the compliment." She smirks. "Thank you for that help too..."

We get up and leave the tub. Looking at the mirror, we are fairly fine. That wings still holding up. She's the prettiest.

We relax an instant on the sofa. It's about 8:30 pm. We search for a good diner on phone. Nothing too fancy she said, but I got the money. She wanna go romantic. We're going romantic. I call them, they got room. I think about my sweetheart before I ring off, and I dare to ask if there is lot of people tonight. The waiter's voice seems kind of confused about this question, but he answer honestly, they are almost empty on this Monday night. Gotcha.

"Babe, you sound so confident with calls, I can't-" She giggles, embarrassed.

"I don't sound confident. I am confident." I smirk.

We are going to leave many of our stuff in the hotel for this diner. We are prepping up, putting on vest or scarf, and I see she goes light gear with this.

"Are you getting your stim toys with you?" I ask her.

"What? No, I won't." She refutes. "I don't need them, I'm fine."

"Kannah, please, this is about you." I assure in my caring voice. "I know you. If you need them, why don't you take them with you?"

"I'm not gonna stim in public!" She stresses out.

I widen my eyes at her sudden burst.

"I'm sorry." She sighs promptly.

She avoids eye contact. I go to her, feeling she's off.

"What's wrong, sweetie? Tell me. If you wanna stay home and relax we can cancel this for tonight. We had a ton of fun already. I'm happy either ways." I try to sense her. "You are not vibing here."

She looks at my phone, afraid.

"It's just... We were choosing a place and you suddenly called them like it was nothing." She confess. "I- I was caught off guard, that is all."

"Oh my gosh, babe, I'm sorry." I realize what I've done. "I didn't mean to upset you, I'm so sorry."

She reaches to me for a hug. We hug for seconds. Fuck, I've forgot about the phone. Okay. Alright.

"Here. I'll have them in my handbag. You can ask me if you need them." I propose.

She nods.

We arrive at the restaurant, a middle-class looking one, which is quite empty of people, a few tables are busy but not much. We sit down and look at the menu.

"What are you feeling like?" I ask.

"I'm not that hungry. That waffle was really good." She express.

"What do you think of a platter to share?" I propose.

"That's a good idea." She nods with a smile.

A waiter comes to us.

"Welcome, ladies. Are you ordering yet?" He asks.

"We're going for a King's Delight for two." I state.

"Alright." He writes. "And can I suggest wines to water down all this?"

I look at my angel. She shrugs.

"A bottle of white." I demand.

"Alrighty." He walks away.

A silence comes by. She looks at me, devouring me with her eyes. I'm overflowing with assurance. I am so happy to be here.

"I know you're not super fan of drinking. You can leave me your glass if you don't feel like it." I say.

"I- like white, actually.." She smiles.

After a silence I find something to say.

"The weather should be better at the end of the week. I'm looking forward to sunbath aside of the lake with you." I try to help her picture the scene with me.

"It's going to be amazing. I wish I could have been on holidays this summer. I could tan for once." She smiles.

New quiet time. We used to talk for hours on vocal. This is the first actual serious date between us. It's the first time I go that far with someone. I find something to say, eventually.

"I made a guided plane for a group project in college." I start. "I like crafting."

"Oh my gosh, really?" She's instantly so excited. "I love modeling! I'm trying to build a town in my basement! Would you like to help?"

"Oh yes I'd be glad!" I agree. "I've been craving to do something with my hands! My work is so boring and formal. I don't have my father's tools with me in my new place. Can't work on stuff anymore. I'm missing that."

"I'm so glad my parents are so supportive of me! I actually have a stronger connection with them now!" She's amazed. "They let me actually do this as my own. I love driving that project."

"Oh, so you're the boss here." I smirk.

"What can I say. I'm a creative lady." She smiles. "I gathered idea for programing the train and the lights cycles. I have the plan to build it, but I'm not sure. Father told me I could buy train sets all done. But like, I wanna make it mine."

"Yeah, go for it. You can build it yourself. Totally." I agree. "I have weeks off in a few months, we can do that."

"Where would we go?" She hesitates.

"I don't know, where is the town you're building?" I smile.

"You mean.. You're ready to meet my parents?" She asks.

"Technically I've seen them saying hi on video calls we did." I add. "I mean it. I'd be blissed to meet them."

She looks at me with endearing eyes. At this moment, the waiter comes by with the longplate, a water jug and the wine bottle. He pops off the cap and pours down a glass of white wine for the both of us.

"Do you need anything else?" He asks.

"We are in heaven. Thank you." I smile.

"My pleasure." He fades away once more.

Small croissant with salmon and garlic cheese. Onion fritters. Shrimp fritters. Cherry tomatoes. Lettus leaf. Chicken on a stick molten in cheddar. This plate holds to it's name. It's going to be a feast.

I grab my glass of wine and hold to her.

"Are we celebrating something?" She asks.

"To us. To our first date." I smile.

"Oh gosh yes!" She smiles.

We cheer. We take a sip.

The evening is going amazing. The food is great. The wine is excellent. There is very little noise or disturbance. We don't talk much, we enjoy the meal and look at each other with burning desire in our eyes. I glance at the water jug. I have a little smile I can't hide.

"So... Are you staying hydrated?" I insinuate.

She looks at me, curious about what I'm saying. She soon understand and blush.

"I won't be that bursting with a single jug by the time we come back to the hotel." She regrets.

"Who said we had to rush back to the hotel?" I smirk. "We can wander in the park.. Will you hold it for me, princess?"

She bite her lower lip.

"O- okay, that's hot..." She blushes.

I drink too, I stay fairly hydrated. I think I can hold it, but I don't drink as much as her, my muscles have worked so much today. Not going to wet that clothes. Her, however... She help me finish the water bottle. We come to see an end to our plate. We downed the wine too, two glasses for each of us. It was delicious.

We get to dessert. We are feeling rather full, so we share one big-sized chocolate caramel milkshake with two spoons. It's fresh and taste awesome. I notice she change leg position from time to time. That liquids must be working into her, and the cold milkshake won't help.

We conclude dinner time and we aim for the park.

The sun have settled an hour ago. The air is fresh, but not that cold. We walk hand in hand through the fairly lighted alleys, and reach the wooded green gardens of the city. These are fine, not the prettiest, but they are open and free, a blessing these days.

We walk through the red graveled alley, the colorful flowers in the bushes are almost gray with the little light the occasional streetlamp provide, and the few wooden bench looks inviting.

We sit down on a bench and chill for moments.

"This night is pretty." I say.

"Yeah." She agrees.

"The city's lights forbid us to see the stars, but at least Venus and the moon showed up." I look at the sky.

"I love Venus." She smiles.

She touch the small golden seashell collar with her fingers and look at the sky.

"I wish this moment could never end." She swears.

"In our heart it will rest for ever." I agree.

"Can I sing?" She asks.

"Y- yeah?" I'm curious.

She starts humming and singing to the sky, to the moon, in the dark, a nice and pleasing melody in her soft voice I'm so proud she let me hear. She usually unmask and let herself stim in vocal, but this time it's real. Then she stops, like if her mind switched to something else. She hugs me, I hug her.

"Do you think humans sang to each other to sleep thousands of years ago?" She asks. "It must have been so scary out there in the dark."

"Yeah, sure. That's what campfire are for. Sing folk songs and tell each other epic stories." I smile. "Don't worry, I'll protect you from darkness."

"Really?" She asks.

"In better or worse." I promise.

She holds me tighter. Oh my dear, you are the cutest. I lift up my head to look at her in the eyes. She kisses me. I give in to her and she kisses me more and more. Her hand goes from my cheek to my neck, to my chest.

"Feeling bold tonight young lady?" I mumble.

"That blazer really doesn't give favor to those..." She whispers.

I put a hand on her leg and I slide up ever so gently. She squirms in need, and let out a needy whimper. I stop and I give her a poke in her lower belly. She squirms even more.

"Mollie, I almost lost it!" She whines.

"Aww, what's wrong princess? Can't hold it like a goodgirl?" I smirk.

She blushes. She grab my hand and stuff me between her legs. I smirk and I give her a few strokes to chew on. She sighs and grind on me. This dress makes her so free access I can't. I manage to stay slow and not go to make her cum on the spot.

"That does help with holding it.." She grins.

"It does? Let's take a walk then shall we." I get up.

She whines in need, but she follows me.

We walk through the park more, for a handful of minutes. At a quiet place, rather distant to the closest lights, I walk with her in the grass, my brown ankle boots and her dark heeled boots goes silent.

"How much do you have to go?" I ask.

"Really really bad, miss.." She whines in a subby voice.

"Tear your dress up." I order.

She tears her dress up, flashing me her red panties laced at the top, keeping her beautiful dress just midway over her cute full belly. I smirk, I keep looking at her so submitted to me, finally getting to my idea.

"Go. Kannah. Let it go." I command.

She instantly gives up and the next second a wet patch appears on her panties. She sighs heavily in relief as the wetness grows in her underwear. The liquid streams down from her to the ground right between her legs apart, making a soft, pouring sound. A subtle hiss can be heard when her relief reach full strength. She keeps sighing emptying herself in her panties. The wetness continues to grows slowly. A drop or too slide down her right leg. The flow is clear and form a solid line. She closes her eyes and open her mouth leaving her head tilt back.

She eventually is done with her need and the falls cease. After a few seconds she open her hands letting go her dress which falls back to her knees again. She looks at me with her shy needy eyes for approval.

We manage to close the door of our room while french kissing. We eventually reach the bed. We get undressed fast. We fall on the bed, our drenched panties rubbing against each other. I straddle her and I kiss her on top of her. We rub fuck for about a minute or two. I'm getting worked up. She's twitching.

"Fuck I'm gonna cum!" She moans.

"Cum with me, princess!" I order, though it might sounds more like a beg.

I shiver more and more, we rub against each other firmly, grinding on one another, she shivers and moans as she tense up, she cum against me, her twitching hardness against my clit send me so close to the edge and I almost cum just as she have, I shiver and whimper in need before I fall down on her, kissing her beautiful perky breasts.

We calm down, we catch our breaths. We're sweating. After a little time, I instinctively grind against her, as if my body agrees with my mind, I didn't got enough. She is still rocking hard against me. She just won't go down.

"Babe can we fuck?" I ask.

"Fuck me, please fuck yes!" She whines desperately.

I get off my drench panties. I help her get out of her drenched panties too. I straddle her once more. I'm soaked. I press on her with a finger and she slide right in. I start moving my hips and she can't hold the moans. I don't hold back, I moan, I grind, I fuck her. A hand on my clit helps me this time. She's holding her breasts in her submitted pose again. Fuck she's so hot. I'm getting close so fast already.

"Fuck I'm gonna cum again!" She moans.

"Cum for me, Kannah! Fucking go in me!" I moan.

In our highest moan we shiver, quivering to heaven, trembling one to the other, I feel her final twitch as I clench on her, she throw her head back in the pillow, her eyes up and her tongue out, absolutely flustered, I squeeze my breasts in reaction to the sensation I feel, I try stop moving around as we're both sensible now, I fall back down on her once more and I kiss her.

We eventually handle back our breaths. We kiss for a minute.

"Stay still, I- I need time.." I demand.

Useless advice, like she's going anywhere. She is still high with post orgasmic bliss, sighing, not even looking straight yet.

"When you clenched around me-" She mumbles, lost in the clouds.

I manage to let us unembrace moving my tired legs, I sigh, she moans, we rest aside of each other for a minute, naked, sweaty, drenched, done, she finally go soft, or like, softer, because she's a goddess or something, I don't know. I'm fucking exhausted.

My mouth is getting dry. I don't plan on moving much for the next minutes though. She redresses and look at me with caring eyes.

"Are you okay? Do you need water?" She asks.

I spare the energy to nod. She remembers me. She goes to the kitchen and brings me a glass of water, walking around naked, although her legs look as weak as mine. I don't know how she's doing that.

I sip water. She climb back in bed behind me, opening her arms to spoon me. I relax back against her and my eyes are tired, I think I'm gonna drift fast.

