Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*000*2022-12-01 19:53

Like the last few stories I've posted, this was originally written using characters from a non-kink book I've written. So, name-changes were made and the setting was kept vague to keep it from being recognizable, I hope the vagueness does not distract from the desperation content.

This first chapter is going to have a lot of set-up and backstory, and I hope that doesn’t bog down the desperation too badly. There’s just some things that are necessary for you to know so you understand why the characters are acting like they are. (If it’s confusing, then the gist of it is basically that River and Duncan have survived a horror-movie type scenario and are now hiding from the killers who weren’t ever brought to justice.)

If you’re wondering what terms are right when talking about River; It would be accurate to call River both intersex and trans because he was not assigned the gender that he should have been, and many of his life experiences are similar to a trans man’s.

***

Honestly, this was probably the happiest River’s life had ever been. Which probably wasn’t saying too much, given that he now lived in constant fear of that Organization tracking him down and finishing the job of executing him.

But, other than that, River had an awful lot to be thankful for. He had Duncan now, after all. Duncan was one of the good things to come out of River’s experience with the Organization. Duncan had been captured and imprisoned by them as well, sentenced to death just like River had been. But, they’d grown close in the time they’d spent trapped together, that was probably the only reason they’d been able to break free. When River had lost all hope of saving himself, he’d still had the will to save Duncan.

River had also stolen a great deal of money from the Organization on his way out. Enough to pay for his friend Hugo’s Cancer treatment and still have some left over. In a way, River had saved the lives of the two most important people in his word. Hugo, his father-figure, the man that had rescued him from the streets and helped him turn his life around. And Duncan, his boyfriend, the man who gave him a reason to WANT to keep living an honest life.

It was the money that had gotten River caught up in the Organization to begin with. He’d been approached at his job by a man claiming to be a TV producer, informing him of a game show he could compete in where the winner would receive a million dollars. River had agreed, desperate to use that money for Hugo’s medical treatment.

But, then it turned out the ‘game show’ had been a ruse. Instead of doing a bunch of silly tasks and trying not to get voted off by the other contestants for long enough to win a million dollars, River had been imprisoned by a group of hitmen, alongside several other people who’d also been led to believe that they were going to compete in an ordinary reality show. Their executions had been paid for by people who felt they’d been wronged by them.

River and Duncan were the only two to make it out alive, needing to fight their way to freedom as members of the Organization tried to squash them.

They’d freed themselves, but not completely.

The Organization was clearly very powerful and wealthy, it had been able to operate for decades with no one discovering them or getting away from them with their lives. Of course, now that someone HAD, they’d be dead-set on finding those people.

River had been careful. The only person that knew about the Organization, apart from himself and Duncan, was Hugo. At first, River hadn’t intended to tell the older man all the details of how he’d gotten the money, but when he came home, obviously shaken and terrified and with a strange man clinging to him, an explanation was warranted.

It was for the best anyway. Hugo insisted that they abandon their home, only take their most essential possessions, and flee somewhere far away. River would have never even thought to suggest that himself, not until after Hugo had had his treatment, anyway.

It was a fast move, across the country to a little town in the middle of nowhere. They didn’t even live IN the town, really. Instead, they were deep in the woods that surrounded it. They lived in a log cabin now, an actual log cabin. River hadn’t known those still existed, but it was the best place for them to stay if they wanted to remain off the grid and out of sight.

Duncan spent the first three days in the cabin refusing to get out of bed. He’d hidden under the covers, like a child afraid of a monster. Except, in Duncan’s case, the monsters were real. He was too terrified even to move through his new home, and instead remained in bed as if he’d been glued there. River stayed by his side, repeating “You’re safe now… It’s over…” to him, but neither of them believed a word of it.

Hugo’s Cancer treatment had been a complete success, he was back in good health fast enough that he could resume working before the remainder of River’s money was gone.

River and Hugo had been business partners before River’s run-in with the Organization, selling art pieces and unique furniture. They kept working together after re-starting their company in their new home, but Hugo was now the sole face of the business. River took customer’s orders via phone, but Hugo was the only one to make deliveries now, so that River could stay hidden in the cabin.

River missed actually interacting with their customers…

He missed a lot of things. Being able to go out to dinner and not check over his shoulder the whole time. Going to the store alone if he needed something. Using the Internet— No longer possible since someone could trace his location through it. He was isolated, and always afraid. Hugo and Duncan were the only people that existed to him anymore, the customers he spoke to on the phone were just disembodied voices that may as well have belonged to no one.

Yet, in spite of all that, this was still the happiest River’s life had ever been.

He had a roof over his head. He had two people who loved him. He was able to have something to eat every day. He had a bed. He could shower daily. He was warm.

That was more than he could have said during most of his life.

Even if hiding from the Organization had taken a lot from him, he was still grateful for what he DID have. He’d never stop appreciating it. Some days, he woke up to find Duncan curled around him and think about just how lucky he was…

MOST days, River woke up to find Duncan curled around him and thought about how full his bladder was…

Like today.

The good news was that River hadn’t had a nightmare last night. He wasn’t shown replays of the things he’d endured while in the clutches of the Organization. He didn’t flash back to his days of homelessness. His parents didn’t make any appearances.

The bad news was that River’s dream had been absolutely full of water. Lakes, oceans, rainstorms, leaking faucets… And urinals. So many urinals. But, any time River stood in front of one to relieve his extremely bloated bladder, he’d find that the zipper on his pants had disappeared. Not that it was stuck, it was just GONE. And, for some reason, he couldn’t manage to tug his pants down, either. So, he’d just be standing there, bouncing up and down and enduring the sound of all the water flowing around him.

He’d eventually escaped the torment by blinking himself awake, but then he realized he still had a problem. Duncan clung to River at night, just as River clung to Duncan. That comfort was needed just as badly as River now needed a bathroom break. But, Duncan was really strong. That was a great thing when they’d been trying to escape from a band of hitmen, but it was NOT so great when River was trying to get out of bed.

It was SUPER not-great that Duncan’s arms were squeezing very, very hard against River’s bladder. River felt like the poor organ was being crumpled up like a sheet of paper, and he clenched his thighs and wriggled with discomfort.

 River didn’t want to wake Duncan up. He appeared to be sleeping pretty peacefully. Like River, it was rare for Duncan to have a dream that wasn’t frightening. Many times, one or both of them had woken up in the middle of the night, trembling and biting back screams, hearts pounding away at the memory of the horrors their brains had forced them to relive.

They didn’t sleep very well.

River had no intention of interrupting Duncan’s badly needed rest. River had every intention to hold his pee until Duncan either woke up, or let go of him.

What sucked was that River’s bladder wasn’t exactly the biggest. It never had been. When he was little, he’d seldom lasted through an entire movie without getting up to use the toilet at least once. As he got older, that hadn’t changed. Throughout middle school, if River didn’t use the toilet between every class he would be in a lot of trouble, twisting and squirming his legs beneath his desk as he begged for the clock to move faster.

After his parents kicked him out, one thing he learned about homelessness that he’d never actually considered before, was that it wasn’t always easy to find a public bathroom. Sometimes, all the places in the area would be closed for the night or because of a holiday, or they’d look at River’s gruff, unkempt appearance and tell him to leave. Or, they’d say he had to buy something first, with the money River never had.

Alleyways and bushes became River’s toilets on more occasions than he could count. That was pretty frightening sometimes. The streets homelessness had led River to were never friendly, especially after dark. Having to make himself vulnerable for a few minutes while his bladder emptied really got his adrenaline flowing.

It didn’t help that, in those days, he’d still needed to crouch down in order to urinate.

That had been well before his operation.

When River was born, his parts were seen as ‘ambiguous’. The doctor that had delivered him had difficulty assigning him a sex. So, at his recommendation, River’s body was surgically altered so that he more closely resembled a female.

Being a girl never sat right with him, though.

As a teenager, he learned what had been done to him and it was like a bucket of cold water to his face. He wondered what had made that quack pick ‘girl’ anyway, and cried that it had been a mistake. He begged his parents to let him live as the boy he should have been from the start, begged them to let him fix the mistakes, to stop being made to fill his body with Estrogen in pill form.

They’d refused. And after he kept trying to argue over the next several months, they eventually kicked him out.

He spent years on the streets, eventually turning to drug dealing and prostitution just so he’d be able to afford something to eat. He met Hugo at a bar one night when the man broke up a fight between him and some other guy. River still doesn’t know what Hugo saw in him that night, but for whatever reason he’d offered him a lifeline.

Then, a year later, Hugo financed River’s top surgery and phalloplasty, at last correcting the mistakes that had been made when River was born.

He would never forget how happy he’d felt when he finally saw himself looking the way he was always meant to. He felt normal for the first time in his life. And, once he’d recovered enough from the phalloplasty he’d been able to pee standing up for the first time, and that had felt so—

Now, fidgeting in bed with Duncan coiled around his full bladder, River flinched at the direction of his thoughts. Reminiscing had distracted him for a while, but of course his brain had returned to the subject of urination eventually. The harsh, angry throbs down below ensured that he wouldn’t be able to forget about that topic for long.

River looked to the nightstand beside the bed. During those early days, when Duncan had been so terrified he couldn’t leave the bed, problems had arisen when Duncan inevitably had to pee. Duncan had also been pretty much mute at that time, too. Rubbing his back, River hadn’t realized Duncan needed to go until the other was suddenly grasping his crotch with both hands and River could hear a tiny hissing noise as a leak shot out of him.

“I’ll take you to the toilet…” River started to say, but Duncan just kept shaking his head.

So, River found a different solution. He went to the kitchen, emptied a water bottle, then returned to the bedroom and gave it to Duncan.

Duncan had looked so grateful as he’d grasped the bottle that it made River’s chest clench up. How had he not realized that the poor guy was ready to burst before then?!

Duncan filled the bottle at a disturbingly rapid pace, the moan of relief he let go of being the first actual noise he’d made in a very, very long time.

River had emptied the bottle out in the toilet, then kept it on the nightstand so Duncan could grab it the next time he needed it.

That bottle was Duncan’s urinal until he finally felt brave enough to leave the bed.

Now, River was cursing himself for just throwing the bottle away once Duncan had no longer needed it. It sure would have been helpful to still have it…

River shifted his hips, fighting for a comfortable position that didn’t make it feel like the pee inside of him was about to be tipped out into the sheets. A position like that appeared to be nonexistent, however. With Duncan’s arms squeezing tighter and tighter like an angry boa-constrictor, River’s bladder felt like an orange caught in a juicing machine. Sweat was pooling between his thighs. Or, at least, he hoped it was only sweat.

He was fighting against a very powerful urge to cross his legs, fearful of kicking Duncan and waking him up that way. Waves of pee collided against his sphincters, his aching muscles begging him to move around and give them a little reinforcement. His legs actually started to vibrate from how tense he was holding them.

He squeezed his eyes closed, deciding that he wanted to try to go back to sleep. Time would move faster if he wasn’t awake, after all. But, after only a minute, he knew this was a futile endeavor. It was just impossible to sleep when he needed the bathroom this badly!

He tried to distract himself some other way. He glanced down to take in Duncan’s beloved face. His smooth skin, his dark eyelashes gently resting against his cheeks. His lips slightly parted as he slept so calmly… It was nice to see Duncan get the rest and relaxation he needed. It made River even more determined to hold his pee so that Duncan could continue sleeping.

His bladder did not hold the same love for Duncan that River’s heart did. His bladder only held a great deal of urine, and it didn’t want to continue doing that for very much longer. He felt a trickle leave him, and then another, and he wriggled his hand down between his body and Duncan’s so that he could squeeze the tip of his cock. He cringed at the warmth he felt there. He told himself Duncan would probably wake up soon…

But, Duncan didn’t.

And River kept holding it. Now that he’d tucked a hand against his member, he saw no reason to let go of it again. His desperation eased up a bit with the addition of that pressure. It felt good having his hand there. Felt less like he was going to spring another leak.

He tried his hardest to think of something else. He thought about all the things he’d be doing if he didn’t have to worry about the Organization finding out his location. He’d be able to take Duncan out on a real date to a fancy restaurant, and they’d be able to just eat and talk and relax the whole time they were there. They could stay as late as they wanted, even after dark. They could walk to their car in the parking lot, and it wouldn’t even cross their minds that someone could pop out of the shadows and attack them. And— And, if River had had a little too much water with dinner, he could stop the car at ANY gas station and—

No, no, no! River shook his head, trying to clear it. Peeing wasn’t a good fantasy, it was just… Just lame! There were so many other, more exciting things to do than just take a piss. Pissing was mundane. Boring. Anything on Earth was more interesting than peeing! Anything at all!

Like, if River didn’t have to worry about the Organization, he’d be able to deliver things to customers with Hugo just like he used to! He’d get to see the looks on their faces when they saw they’d made exactly what they wanted, and then he could say to them “We had a real long drive out here. I’m very sorry, could I please use your restroom for just a minute?” And then he’d be able to—

NO!

God, he was beginning to get a little frustrated! Couldn’t he do ANYTHING aside from fantasize about taking a stupid leak? He could go later, once Duncan was awake. It probably wouldn’t even feel THAT good! It would just be a minute or so of him standing there, at long last being able to relax his body, no more worrying about keeping all his lower muscles tensed up, just letting it all flow out, nice and calmly…

Tss!

Another jet of pee streamed from his tip, he could feel the warmth and wetness beneath his hand, and— And— God… That loss of control had felt almost good… His poor bladder loosening for just a second had been so…

Hss!

Again, he was spurting, trickling out little drops of his burden. They just wouldn’t stop, and he couldn’t stop thinking about pee, and about peeing, and about how wonderful he’d feel if he could just PEE, and— “Nnnnh!!” a whine hissed out between his clenched teeth before he could stop it, sweat rolling down his forehead.

And Duncan started to blink his eyes. “Mmmf…” the other man murmured, blearily looking up into River’s eyes.

“I’m sorry,” River stated, shifting more. He just couldn’t help it! “I didn’t mean to bother you…”

It took Duncan a second to really wake up and register the panic on River’s face. When it did, he panicked too. “Wha—What’s wrong?” he asked. “Is— Where’s Hugo? Is someone here? Do they know where we ar—“

“N—No,” River said. “We are safe.”

Duncan sat up more, nuzzled against River. “Mmm, good…” he gave him a kiss on the cheek. “Still sleepy…” he murmured. “Was having a nice dream…”

That was fantastic, and River was overjoyed that his partner had managed to avoid a nightmare, but he didn’t want Duncan to go back to sleep yet— His arms were still wrapped around him, still pinning him!

“Th—That’s good, Duncan,” River stammered. “A—And you can sleep as much as you want, but I have to go piss!”

“Hm…?” Duncan opened his eyes again, he unwrapped his arms from River’s body and could now see the hand digging firmly into River’s groin. “Oh…”

River nodded gratefully and started to get up. He winced hard and almost bit through his own tongue when his foot touched the ground, and a loud jet of urine sloshed into his boxers. “Ahh—nnnhhh!”

Duncan’s eyes cracked open again. “River…?”

“Fucking—“ River grunted. He balled the hand not clutching his dick into a fist and slammed it against the nightstand, hissing through his teeth. His bladder was doing somersaults inside his body, constantly letting out little threads and dribbles down his legs. “I can’t— I can’t—!”

Duncan crawled out of bed, he very gingerly put a hand on River’s shoulder. “Hey, it’s—“

“I need to go piss!” River blurted out.

“I— I know, the bathroom’s just— Can you not walk?”

River shook his head back and forth, strands of his hair flying. “I’m going…”

“O—Okay, come on… Come on… Lean against me, alright? One step at a time…” Duncan led River out of their bedroom. It was a tricky situation, too slow and River wouldn’t make it in time. Too fast, and the movement would make River burst.

The bathroom was right down the hall from their bedroom, Duncan ushered River inside. River was now gripping himself with both hands, and even that wasn’t doing much good. Drips continued spilling, and he was skipping in place. “I can’t—“ he kept repeating. “I can’t, I can’t—“

“You can’t… Move your hands?” Duncan gathered.

River shook his head again.

Duncan reached and got the toilet open for River, then nudged River’s boxers down a little, as much as he could with River’s hands in the way. “Really close, River…” he murmured.

River was able to pull his dick out the rest of the way, and was pissing violently before he could aim it. He splattered the rim of the bowl, and couldn’t bring himself to care as a loud, long moan erupted from his throat. “Ahhhhhhh….”

Duncan went still. He’d expected River to hang on until he’d left the room, but apparently that was just one more thing he couldn’t do. River hadn’t ever peed in front of Duncan before— Well, not unless the terror-inspired accident that River had had when they were trying to get away from the Organization could be counted. During those days where Duncan had camped out in bed and relieved himself into a bottle, that bottle had been for Duncan and Duncan alone, River always got up and used the toilet.

They also hadn’t done anything more than kiss, cuddle, and feel each other up above their clothes just yet. Duncan had never seen River’s member before, and this was a chance to change that. Was it okay to peek, though? Even just a teeny bit? River hadn’t said if he was ready to be looked at there…

Some of the haze of River’s relief started to clear as he carried on draining himself. He blushed when he remembered Duncan was still here. It didn’t bother him that much, though. After his experiences on the streets, he’d started to care a little less about privacy. “Heh, are you watching?”

“Um…” Duncan turned. “I haven’t seen your— I mean, someday I want to see—“ He was dying to see River’s cock. He’d fantasized about it enough, he thought it was time to know what it actually looked like.

And, part of him was also really curious. He hated himself for it, he was sure it was probably a little disrespectful to think about it this way, but Duncan had never seen a surgically created dick before and couldn’t help but wonder about it.

“If you wanna see it, you can,” River told him.

Duncan half expected River’s dick to be ENORMOUS, bigger than any other penis he had ever seen. Because, if Duncan had been able to go to a surgeon and request a new dick, HE’D ask for a huge one (“I want it to go down to my knees, Doc!”). But, River’s member was a perfectly average size.

Duncan had also wondered if it would be shaped differently. He’d seen the scar on River’s arm only a few times since he usually wore long sleeves to cover it up. After their escape, Duncan had asked about it, and River explained that some of the skin and tissue in his arm had been used to construct his dick. Duncan had then looked very closely at his OWN arm, trying to work out how it could be used to build a penis. River’s dick looked completely normal though, a lot like Duncan’s own, just a different color and with a little scar starting at the head and running down to the base. Duncan felt a bit bad that he’d been expecting it to look so drastically different.

“Um…” River blushed as his pee finally came to an end. “Do… Er… Do you like it?” he asked. No one else had ever seen his penis before, save for the surgeons and other doctors, he supposed. The only other times he’d been nude in front of another person had been before his operation.

“It looks… Real,” Duncan said, then flinched. “Wait, no. That came out wrong! I’m sorry!”

“It’s alright,” River said, tucking his member back away. “I know you meant that in a good way.”

“I just thought… They made that out of your arm?” Duncan asked.

“Yeah,” River said.

“That’s so cool,” Duncan said. “And, you’re happy with it, right?”

“Of course I am,” River said. “Finally getting that fixed was one of the few good things to ever happen to me.”

“I hope I’m one of the other good things,” Duncan said.

“Don’t worry, you are.”

*002*2022-12-02 19:38

When Hugo came home from making deliveries, he had brought home some fast food for River and Duncan. River was more enthusiastic about the meal than Duncan was. Before, in his old life, Duncan had eaten out at lots of upscale restaurants, with big dining areas and a real sense of atmosphere.

He couldn’t go to those places now. Even though they had the funds for a big dinner out, the public presented too many dangers. He and River hadn’t left this cabin once since they’d gotten here, the cozy walls were beginning to feel more like the bars of a prison cell. Duncan longed to treat River to a fancy dinner, it was what he deserved…

Eating cheap hamburgers and limp fries while they sat on the couch just wasn’t the same thing.

River, on the other hand, was delighted with the food. Duncan supposed that had a lot to do with how hungry he’d gotten in the past— Pretty much anything must have seemed gourmet to him after spending years getting most of his meals out of dumpsters. He’d told Duncan a bit about that, and it made Duncan’s chest ache to imagine him digging around in garbage until he managed to find something that looked edible enough.

That was probably also why River sometimes ate the way he did. Almost… Aggressive. And really, really fast. Shoveling food into his mouth so quickly he probably didn’t even taste it, and acting sort of possessive over it as well. Like tonight, he was stuffing fries down his throat eleven or twelve at a time.

Duncan encouraged him to slow down— He’d had to help River out after he’d accidentally choked himself a few times. “It’s not going anywhere,” Duncan reminded him. “And, you’ve survived WAY too much stuff to go out by clogging your airway with a french fry.”

River obeyed, managing to actually CHEW his food before swallowing it. It had been a long time since he’d lived on the streets, but warm, filling meals like this remained an absolute blessing in his mind.

“How was your day?” Hugo asked them.

“Same as always,” Duncan said, trying to keep the sadness out of his voice. He liked spending time with River, he just wished they could spend that time actually DOING something some days.

“I’m sorry,” Hugo said. “I’m going to get you boys some new movies to watch, that should help.” Their main form of entertainment was the TV set and DVD player. They both appreciated it, but sometimes seeing things on the screen that they used to be able to see in real life got difficult. “And… Hey, maybe eventually you can take… Little trips out. To places that feel safer.”

The problem there was that nowhere felt safe. Not anymore.

“Little steps first,” Hugo told them. “We could start having some of the curtains open when I’m here with you. I’m sure you miss being able to see the sun.”

The curtains and blinds had been drawn twenty four-seven since they’d moved in. Duncan went rigid at the thought of opening them. “Someone could look in— See us— Someone from the—“

“We live in the middle of the woods,” Hugo said. “Even an experienced hiker would have to stumble onto this place accidentally in order to find it. And, we’ll only have them open when I’m with you. You and River can stay away from the windows as much as you like, it’s just… This isn’t healthy for you two. At all.”

Duncan KNEW it wasn’t healthy, but being found would be even WORSE for his health than just staying inside and never letting anyone see him. Without realizing it, he’d grabbed River’s hand and had begun to squeeze it.

River squeezed back, using his free hand to lift more fries to his mouth. He was scared too, but very little could squash his appetite. The only time in recent memory that he’d willingly skipped a meal when one was available had been during the game— The only time terror had made him too nauseas to eat. “Let’s… Let’s start with just one window, and work our way through that,” he said. Having one section of the cabin be scary and dangerous would be better than having the whole thing feel that way at once.

“Alright,” Hugo said, standing from the couch. He went to the window and pulled back the curtains.

“N—Now?” Duncan asked, frantic.

“I’m here,” Hugo said. “Nothing will happen if I’m with you.”

As soon as the curtain was drawn and the blinds had been raised, Duncan was on the floor, tugging River with him. Even if someone looked through the window, they wouldn’t be spotted…

Hugo watched. He probably should have expected that sort of reaction. It was still the first step back to some semblance of normalcy, though. In time, it would get better. It HAD to.

River and Duncan finished their food while resting on the floor. River smiled up at Hugo, whom had returned to the sofa. “I’m glad you picked Frankie’s on the way home today,” he said. “They have my favorite fruit punch.” He took a long sip from his cup, the sweet drink pooling coldly on his tongue.

“I know,” Hugo said. “Hope I got enough for you. That’s the largest size they’ve got.”

River had figured as much. His hand could barely wrap all the way around the enormous cup. Cold condensation wetted his palms and made him shiver a tiny bit. It was less of a cup, more of a barrel. But, he loved the punch so much that he drank every last drop of it and was disappointed when the cup was empty.

He leaned back, feeling the liquid slosh inside him. His stomach was so full now he felt like he could fall straight to sleep right where he was.

Hugo stood after he’d finished his food, he patted River and Duncan on their heads gently. “Get ready for bed now,” he said. “River, you look like you’re about to pass out!”

River laughed. It was a warm sound. Hugo was so— He made River feel like he had a family. A real one, not like the fake one he’d grown up in. Those people hadn’t been his parents, just his egg and sperm donor. Hugo was more of a parent than either of them had ever been. Twice, River had barely managed to stop himself from calling Hugo “Dad.”

But, like a father, Hugo had just instructed him and Duncan to get ready for bed. And to do THAT they would need to stand up from the floor, be in-sight of that window for a couple seconds… River knew it was a ridiculous fear, that someone from the Organization would be outside that window at the precise moment he became visible, but knowing that it was silly didn’t make him feel less scared.

To his surprise, Duncan lurched to his feet first. He moved, a little hunched over and low to the ground, in the direction of the bedroom. He retrieved some pajamas and went into the restroom. River heard the shower turn on, and—

As soon as the noise of the water spraying penetrated his ear-drums, River received a not so gentle reminder of where all that fruit punch had needed to go… He glanced at the now empty cup, and it actually looked even BIGGER to him now. He did not know the precise size of his bladder, but with as often as he needed to empty it, he figured the cup was somewhere around… Eight times larger? And he’d drank the whole thing so fast…

And now Duncan was in the restroom…

Somehow, the knowledge that River COULDN’T pee right now made him need to do it a whole lot worse. He wriggled his hips, feeling silly that he somehow managed to get himself into situations like this while never leaving his house. Staying inside all the time SHOULD have been a surefire way of PREVENTING incidents of desperation, but they happened to him pretty often anyway.

If it wasn’t Duncan holding him too tightly during the night or early morning and needing to be wriggled free from, it was Hugo or Duncan already being IN the restroom when River realized he had to use it. And, always, when River realized he had to go, it became the only thing he COULD notice, and his laser-focus on his bladder made the pressure increase at a lightning speed.

He’d always been like that. He knew that thinking about pee when he couldn’t go was the worst thing he could do, but he couldn’t STOP. He’d notice “Oh, I kind of have to pee right now,” and before he knew it he’d obsess over things like “Where can I go?” And “How long am I gonna have to wait?” SO much that he’d talked himself into becoming well and truly DESPERATE for it.

He wriggled more as he kept sitting on the floor. The shower sounded louder to him now than it usually did. This wasn’t good… He leaned back, giving his bladder more space to stretch. He didn’t have to worry, the restroom would be freed up soon enough.

But, his bladder was already worn out after he’d gotten so desperate earlier that morning. His holding muscles were tired and didn’t want him to get full again so soon. The exhaustion of his sphincters made him feel like he had to go a lot worse than he actually did. He shifted, pressing the heel of his foot against his groin and shaking his leg up and down.

Hugo noticed River’s fidgeting, and knew right away what was wrong; River often used his foot to hold himself when he needed to go. For a while after Hugo had first started taking care of River, River had been so grateful to have a home and a job that wasn’t dangerous, but was also worried the rug would be pulled out from under him if he made a mistake. At first, when they were in their workshop together, River wouldn’t ask for toilet breaks, eager to prove to Hugo that he was useful and could work around the clock if necessary.

Then, one day, River had been polishing the wood on a chair they’d just built and just… All of the sudden collapsed to the ground pulling his foot against his groin.

“Did you slip?” Hugo had asked.

“N—No,” River had said, climbing back to his feet, straightening his back out and widening his stance. “It’s fine. I got it. I can keep going.”

“Got what? Did a bug fly in here?”

And in response, River had just lowered his head and gotten back to work. A few minutes later, he seemed highly agitated, stomping his feet against the ground and shuffling between them.

In those days, River had just quit drinking alcohol, and sometimes his body would start to crave it really badly. Hugo encouraged River to drink kombucha when he got in a mood like this. Kombucha, while fermented, was non-alcoholic and could sometimes work as a replacement for him. Hugo offered him some, and River reeled back as if Hugo had just asked if he wanted to eat a live mouse. “Ah—No… That’s n—not a good idea right now!”

“River, are you okay?” He reached out and put a hand on River’s shoulder. Even with how stiff he’d looked, Hugo still felt surprised when he felt the rigidity of his muscles beneath his fingers. “If you’re feeling sick today, you don’t have to w—“

“I’m fine!” River had insisted, jerking his shoulder away. He hadn’t meant to sound so aggressive, but that was a side of him that just came out sometimes… It was a side he’d NEEDED to have when he still lived on the street, and it was hard to get rid of it now that it was no longer necessary.

“Okay,” Hugo said. “If you want to talk later, let me kn—“

River had crouched down again before Hugo could finish his sentence. His foot once more connected with his crotch and he rocked himself against it.

“River, what’s—”

“I— I have to go piss!” River burst out.

Hugo had gone silent for a second. That was all? He just needed to use the bathroom? He’d had Hugo convinced something was hurting him! Although, from the looks of things his bladder probably WAS aching. “Well, why didn’t you just SAY so?”

“I have to work now,” River had insisted. “I have to—“

“You HAVE to take a leak,” Hugo interrupted. “Go ahead, I’ll finish this.”

River rose to his feet, dancing about between them. “But, I’m not done—“

“I’ll finish it,” Hugo repeated. “Go use the toilet.”

After he’d been reassured, River had taken off.

And after that day, Hugo had needed to sort of wear River down, help him see that taking a pee break while they were working wouldn’t cause Hugo to fire him, or throw him back onto the street. He had to keep telling River that he was a good worker, that he DID need his help and that he was grateful to have it— That taking a couple minutes to pee every few hours wouldn’t destroy their business.

 In order to do that, Hugo had learned how to spot when River needed to go. The foot thing was the usual sign he looked out for. So now, as Hugo watched River rocking against his heel on the floor of the cabin, he knew immediately what was bothering him. “Have too much fruit punch?”

River nodded, cursing his small bladder. He was sure most people could drink a big cup of punch and then have MORE than thirty minutes to get to a toilet before they felt like they were going to explode. “I should have told Duncan to let me go first,” he said. “I didn’t notice I had to go until I heard the water come on.”

His eyes kept glancing over to the emptied fruit punch cup. He could pee in it. He certainly didn’t have any issues with urinating into something that wasn’t a toilet. He’d gone in cups when he was homeless, and now that he had a dick it would be a whole Hell of a lot easier to do that right here and now.

Before his phalloplasty, peeing had been a complicated and sometimes messy affair even if he was on an actual toilet. The placement and angle of his urethra had been in such a way that most of his pee didn’t flow straight downwards, a lot of it went forwards instead. Often, he’d seat himself on the toilet to pee, and instead of his relief trickling down into the bowl like it was supposed to, it would spray right out through the gap between the seat and the rim, splashing the backs of his knees and puddling on the floor.

Before phalloplasty, the cleanest way River could pee would be by hovering over the toilet and tilting his upper body forwards slightly so that his stream would be angled properly. And he’d STILL usually end up getting some down one of his legs. For a long time, he’d thought that that was just normal, that everyone with a vagina had that much trouble peeing neatly. But, then he’d mentioned it to a girl he went to school with, expecting her to say something like “Ugh, yeah. I hate when it hits my knees. It’s the WORST!” But, instead she’d wrinkled up her nose and asked him what the Hell he was talking about.

The pissing issue was one of the many things that had suddenly made so much more sense to him when he finally learned the full story of his birth. And it was one of the many things he didn’t MISS now that he’d had his body fixed and put the way that it should have been from the start. Now, all he had to do was point and shoot— So much simpler! His pee always went exactly where he wanted it to go!

And, if he wanted it to go into that cup now….

He reached for it and removed the top.

“Um… River?” Hugo asked. “You sure you want more to drink when you’re already—“

River shook his head. “Not gonna drink out of it,” he said.

“… Oh,” Hugo said after a moment. “Well, uh… Is it that bad? I’m sure Duncan will be out in a minute.”

River hesitated, lowered the cup.

“I— I mean, I won’t be upset with you if you need to ‘use’ the cup. I’m just saying you probably don’t have to wait THAT much longer to use the toilet.”

River hoped that was true. His bladder had loosened up at the idea of peeing in the cup, now that he felt a little too embarrassed to use it, his bladder felt taut and irritated. ‘Pleeease hurry up, Duncan…’ he thought.

Duncan, meanwhile, wasn’t hurrying. Duncan loved his dark, silky hair and the regimen he had for washing it was one of the few activities he could still enjoy after the thing with the Organization. He used three different shampoos and conditioners each night, and that tended to take a while.

He had a bit of an urge to rush THIS night though, and he cursed himself for not peeing before he got in the shower. Of course, Duncan knew that most people peed in the shower and there wasn’t any shame in that. But, he just had a hard time convincing his body to do that. Something about deliberately fouling a place where he was supposed to be focused on getting clean made his bladder unwilling to relax. He’d only pissed in the shower once in his entire life, and that had been an accident that he couldn’t control.

Tonight, he tried again to unclench and pee down the drain. He had to go pretty badly, and the running water, mixed with the feeling of it on his skin, wasn’t helping at all! He crossed his bare legs, pinching his dick shut between them as he rubbed more shampoo into his hair.

In the living room, River wasn’t doing much better. He’d forgotten about the open window eventually, so antsy from the need for relief and the urge to walk around. Hugo did not remind him about the window as he paced back and forth with desperation. Maybe, Hugo thought, having something to distract him would help him get used to having the windows open. He felt bad that River’s distraction right now had to be needing to pee, but if it worked…

River froze at one point, and Hugo assumed he’d spotted the window again and it was scaring him. But, instead of saying anything about that, River’s hands dropped against his crotch and he bounced in place. Poor guy’s bladder must have been aching…

In the shower, Duncan’s bladder sure was aching! He moved onto the final conditioner and ran it through his hair a little more haphazardly than usual. He kept trying to pee where he was, and his bladder stayed stubbornly plugged shut. Finally, he’d gotten the last of the soap washed out of his hair, so he shut the shower off. His urge already felt a little subdued now that the hissing noise had ceased.

Outside, River’s ears perked up the second the shower had stopped running. He frantically rushed to the bathroom door and stood outside it, jiggling up and down, certain he’d be able to go in just a moment! Just as soon as Duncan got dressed!

Duncan stepped out of the shower and reached for his pajamas, but his bladder picked THAT moment to start dribbling, so he decided getting dressed could wait. He threw himself down onto the toilet seat and immediately his stream fired into the bowl. “Ahhh…” he sighed.

Duncan preferred to pee sitting down most of the time. It was relaxing, and considering how stressed he always felt, anything that felt soothing was welcome. He also liked how it allowed him to have a full view of the bathroom— Someone could come up right behind him if he was standing! He knew that was unlikely, but he still preferred to keep an eye on everything when he was in a vulnerable position.

A shiver trailed up his spine, the immense relief mixing with the chill of sitting on the cold toilet seat while naked and still damp from his shower. He smiled softly to himself. Maybe not being able to go in the shower was worth it if it meant he got to feel this good afterwards…

Just outside the door, River was more or less running in place, his hands gripping between his legs. He’d been so sure Duncan would be out by now! What was taking him so long to get dre—

River’s ears picked up on a new sound, the unmistakable hiss of urine flowing into the toilet. “Nnnnhhhh!” River hissed. Nothing was worse than listening to someone else pee while he was about to burst! He considered rushing back to the living room and flooding that cup anyway! Even if Duncan was only going to be a couple more minutes, River wasn’t sure if he had that much time left to spare!

Duncan kept sitting on the toilet, emptying his bladder out. He was surprised by how long he was going for. It must have been almost a minute already and he could still feel more pee aching to come out. He finally finished several seconds later and stood up. He flushed the toilet, and as soon as the water began to suck down the pipes, he heard a cringing mewl from outside the door.

Confused, Duncan got dressed as quickly as he could and opened the door. “River, are—“

River shoved past him, stomping his feet harshly against the floor as he threw the toilet seat up and pulled his dick out. He didn’t wait for Duncan to leave the doorway, his stream was erupting the second he was in the right position. An intense moan followed it just a second later. “Ahhhh… Fuuuuck…”

Duncan blinked a few times. River must have been holding that a while to have been so desperate. Why hadn’t he knocked on the door while Duncan had been in the shower? He would have gotten out and unlocked it for him if it was such an emergency. “River…?”

River blearily opened his eyes, “Hm?” He asked, a little dazedly.

“You… You know I would have let you in here earlier if you’d just asked, right?” Duncan said. “You could have peed while I was showering.”

“I…” River was interrupted by a splatter of piss hitting the rim of the bowl. He turned back towards the toilet, watching his aim more closely. “I didn’t want to rush you, I guess.”

“I would have just gotten outta the shower for a second and unlocked the door,” Duncan shrugged. “Not a big deal…”

River finally finished and zipped back up. “Oh…” he said. “Er, next time then.”

River showered quickly and put his pajamas on. He followed Duncan back to their room and nestled himself in bed beside him. Nights were a challenge for both of them. Not just because they were prone to bad dreams, but because the time it took to fall asleep left them alone with their thoughts, with their memories and their fears about the present.

They often ended up talking to each other until their needs for sleep finally won out. Sometimes, it took just an hour, other times it could take several. They never talked about the Organization before bed, since that was what they were trying to keep out of their brains. Usually, they just shared things about themselves.

Sometimes, those things were sad, and sometimes not. When River talked about himself, it was usually something sad though.

Duncan could tell River needed to share those sad things, so he always allowed him to do so. Duncan was curious about some of the sad things, he just never asked about them. He waited for River to bring them up.

“They never even told me, you know?” River said.

Duncan did know this part of the story. Or at least, he knew some of it. “About your…”

“Yeah, about being intersex,” River said. “My parents never said a word. Lied to me my whole life about it. I told you about the weird way I pissed before my bottom surgery?”

Duncan nodded.

“My Mom told me that all girls pissed that way, and that I was just a ‘slow-learner’ so that’s why I made a mess. She basically told me I was stupid and that’s why I peed weird, not that I peed weird because my bits got rearranged incorrectly. And, for some reason she still gave me the whole speech about how I had to be prepared for getting a period, when she knew that wasn’t ever gonna happen to me,” River said. “I didn’t want one, and her always reminding me it was coming just scared me shitless. And she even acted all concerned when I was fifteen and still hadn’t gotten it. She was trying to pretend she had no idea anything was different about me.”

Duncan held River’s hand. He had never met River’s parents, and never, ever wanted to. His own parents had been terrible people, too. They hadn’t been able to accept he was gay and threatened to disinherit him if he didn’t pretend to be straight. But, at least they hadn’t modified his body when he was an infant and then lied to him about it. He couldn’t even imagine what River must have felt when he finally learned the truth.

River cuddled closer to Duncan. “After they kicked me out… I never thought I’d sleep in a warm bed again. It’s… It’s weird but, even after everything that’s happened, I still feel happy most of the time because I finally have people who love me.”

Duncan hugged him tighter.

*003*2022-12-04 00:53

River woke the next morning just as desperate as he’d been yesterday. Whenever he made it through the night without getting up to use the toilet once or twice AND without wetting the bed, he always woke with an extremely full bladder.

Luckily, Duncan wasn’t coiled around him like he’d been yesterday. River could stand from the bed and— Ooof! He crumpled over on himself as soon as his feet made contact with the cold wooden floor. He squeezed his cock and hopped up and down, his hips shaking as he waited for the atrocious spasm to pass.

Once he was able to start walking, he made his way from the bedroom and down the hall. Cringing, he released one hand from around his cock so he could open the bathroom door.

But, it didn’t come open.

Memories of the previous night came back to him. Duncan had said he was always free to knock if it was an emergency— And this was definitely an emergency! He pounded his fist against the door, shouting “Duncan! Please hurry! I have to go piss!”

There was no response from inside, and he couldn’t hear the shower running. Nor could hear the sink faucet, or the sound of pee hissing into the bowl. He was grateful for these things as he knew his bladder wouldn’t be able to handle listening to them, but he was also confused. What was Duncan doing in there? He knocked again. “Duncan, please? I— I just woke up, so it’s real bad!” He shuffled from foot to foot— He just couldn’t hold still!

Standing in front of the restroom was making him have to go worse, so he made himself head to the living room and sit on the sofa instead. He brought one of his feet up onto the couch with him, rocking against frantically as he prayed for Duncan to hurry up with whatever he was doing.

He felt the couch shift and he opened his eyes to find Duncan beside him. Finally! He stood up immediately, dribbling slightly into his pajamas, but not caring since he knew he was close now. He wordlessly began shuffling away, but Duncan stopped him. “River— Uh…”

River bounced in place. “Whaaaat?” he whined. “Can’t it wait?”

Duncan shook his head anxiously, and River noticed a quiver in the other man’s legs, his thighs rubbing themselves together. “Th—The bathroom door is stuck…” he mumbled. “I’ve been holding it since I got up.”

River froze, but just for a second before his bladder demanded him to start moving again. “B—But—“ he stammered. “I—“ He rushed back to the door. Duncan was probably wrong— He HAD to be! River was about to pop! He—He probably hadn’t pulled on the door hard enough! That was all! He wrapped both hands around the door knob— ignoring the warmth he felt around his crotch after he’d let go of his dick— and tugged it as hard as his strength would allow. “Nnnh… Come on…” he muttered. “Stupid… fucking… I need to go now! Let me in!”

The door wouldn’t budge. He let go of the knob and let his hands fly back between his legs as he took several mincing, pained, contorted steps in place. This was bad, and it was completely unfair! He should be able to piss in his own fucking house! Angered, he kicked the door, the action sending a horrific jolt of need up through his leg and into his bladder. He felt another drop seep out and he stumbled backwards, squeezing himself even harder.

“River,” Duncan said, coming beside him. “Don’t hurt yourself.”

“I need to go!” River said, as if he hadn’t already made that incredibly obvious.

“I— I know,” Duncan said. “I do, too…” he wriggled his hips, tensing up his lower body. “B—But the door’s just stuck… Hugo can take it apart when he gets home…”

Hugo would not be home until the evening! Hours and hours away! River would wet his pants multiple times before Hugo arrived. There was no way he could contain himself until then. He already felt an accident was fast approaching. He couldn’t believe Duncan apparently thought that HE could last that long!

Duncan saw the panic on River’s face and realized that the statement he’d MEANT to sound reassuring had just caused River to feel more certain that he was going to burst. “Hey, it’s alright… Let’s look for somewhere else to go.”

River nodded frantically. He’d go anywhere— Anywhere! Just so long as this pressure went away and he got to keep his pants mostly dry! “Hurry…” he gritted.

Duncan wandered into the kitchen. He had a funny feeling in his chest. When they’d escaped from the hit-men, River had been completely in charge, making all the decisions, keeping Duncan safe like a body-guard would. And, so often, River was still taking care of him, holding him after a nightmare or coaxing him out from under his blankets when he was feeling scared.

It felt good to be the one taking care of River for once. River tried to come across as tough, hard and impenetrable, which Duncan reasoned was probably a defense mechanism he’d developed when he was homeless, but even the gruffest person looked vulnerable when about to wet their pants.

Duncan opened the fridge.

No water bottles, Hugo had taken them today. There were other bottles, but they were still full of juice. He couldn’t just pour all that down the drain, could he? He checked the cabinets next, they were mostly bare since none of them really knew how to cook. They ate take-out or fast-food most days, and otherwise had microwave TV dinners. They didn’t have any bowls.

Duncan looked inside the trash can after that. He recalled the huge cup of fruit punch River had drained last night— That would DEFINITELY be enough to fit his bladder. But, the trash can was empty. Hugo must have taken it out this morning.

Could… Could River just pee into the empty trash can? Duncan didn’t think anything would leak out of it… And his own bladder was starting to spasm startlingly at the idea. It told him that this was a fantastic plan, that he and River should BOTH release their streams into the receptacle.

But, then his rational mind took over as he remembered they’d need to somehow clean the thing out afterwards to keep the entire cabin from reeking of urine.

So, then where could— His eyes shifted to one of the closed windows, and he remembered that he and River were currently surrounded by trees and bushes on all sides. If they could just go outside, then they’d both be fully relieved in a matter of minutes.

But, that was the problem, wasn’t it? Just going outside wasn’t something either of them could do anymore…

Duncan left the kitchen, he found River still in front of the bathroom door, angrily pulling on the doorknob with all his strength.

River’s teeth were grinding from the exertion, and his bladder lurched in constant spasms, but he HAD to get the door open! His eyes popped open and fell on Duncan, anxiously going towards his hands. When he didn’t see the other holding any type of container, his need to urinate skyrocketed even further. “Pl—Please tell me you found somewhere for me to piss?” he begged. “Please?”

Duncan shook his head. “No bottles or anything in the kitchen,” he said, hating the dismayed, panicked expression on River’s face.

“Then what the Hell am I supposed to do?” River asked. “There’s seriously NO room left in my bladder!”

“I— I—“ Duncan rubbed his hands against his thighs, feeling the tautness of those muscles. He was so focused on River’s plight that he kept forgetting that HE needed to go pretty badly as well. “Oh! Towels!” he exclaimed.

“T—Towels?”

“Are they all in the bathroom?” Duncan asked. “You can wrap your… self… up in one and—“

River was already spinning around to face the hall closet. If there were any towels NOT in the bathroom, that would be where they were! He flung the door open and found… Some shoes, a few shirts and some pants. He supposed he could ALSO shoot his piss into the material of one of the shirts, but all of the ones in the closet belonged to Hugo. Hugo wasn’t here to say if it was okay or not. He just stood there, staring at all of the items that couldn’t help him.

Duncan frowned at the contents of the closet too. He would have appreciated a towel to relieve himself into as well.

River rocked on his heels, crossing his legs back and forth wildly. “Nnnh… Fuck…” He bounced up and down, strands of his hair flying. He didn’t even really know WHY he was still trying to hold it. He WAS going to pee his pants before Hugo got home and fixed the door. He may as well just get it over with! Duncan was the only one around to see, and he could get himself changed and clean the floor off, it wouldn’t be THAT bad to have an accident!

He made himself go still, intending to just let it flow so that it would finally stop hurting, but Duncan caught on to what he was doing and stopped him. “River, no,” he said. “Don’t give up. We’ll think of something.”

River’s legs snapped back together, a horrendous shock of pain flaring through his midsection as he went from telling his bladder to relax to immediately telling it to close back up a second later. He twisted on his feet, turning around in tiny circles. “Please think of it fast, this hurts so fucking bad…”

“I’m trying,” Duncan said, watching as River crouched to the floor and shoved one of his feet underneath himself, still jiggling wildly.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck…” River muttered. “I need to piss… I have to go piss so fucking much…”

Still, the only solution Duncan had was going outside. All his hair was standing on end just at the thought!

 Maybe they could just pee out of a window without needing to go all the way outside? Opening a window would be scary too… Duncan’s bladder felt like it was wobbling inside him, he shifted from side to side and swore he could feel his urine sloshing. He had a bit of room left in his bladder, but not very much. It was only a matter of time before he was as bad off as River!

Duncan walked through the cabin, thinking about the logistics of pissing out the window. The windows weren’t really at crotch-level for either of them, they were too high up. River was probably gonna piss with the force of fifty fire hoses when he finally let it loose, so maybe he’d be able to shoot it up high enough that it made it through the window?

Or, maybe they could use something to help them reach… The barstools in the kitchen were all stuck to the floor. The couch was too heavy for Duncan to move by himself, and if River exerted himself on anything that wasn’t holding his pee, he was sure to have an accident. Same went for the beds.

Going out the window would be too messy.

They had to go outside…

Duncan shuddered. Fear wrapping an icy hand around his chest. He went back to River, his boyfriend was now just muttering curses to himself and occasionally kicking the stuck door. The impact of his foot against the wood didn’t seem to be helping his bladder too much, because each time he did it he would whimper loudly and double over— Once or twice Duncan even heard a little hissing noise coming from him as some of his pee spilled out. He didn’t seem able to STOP himself from kicking, though.

“River…?” Duncan said.

“Just let me the fuck in…” River mumbled. “I’m going to fucking burst, you stupid, god damned door…”

“River!” Duncan repeated, louder now.

River snapped out of it. “Pleeease tell me I can go piss soon?!”

“Um…” Duncan swayed back and forth from something that had very little to do with his bladder. “Well… Uh… Outside, there are lots of trees…”

River cringed, tipping his head back. “D—Don’t tease me!” He snapped. “You know I can’t!”

“I—I know, I don’t want to either,” Duncan said. “But, there’s nowhere else, and you’re… You’re about to…”

River wriggled his hips, shifting his bottom against the floor. He thought, for a second, that he’d prefer wetting his pants to the risks merely stepping out the door held. Then, fury boiled inside his chest.

Those fucking bastards from the Organization. They’d controlled his every move when he’d been their prisoner, and they were doing it again now when they weren’t even around! Now, he was going to piss in his clothes because of the terror and paranoia they’d filled him with?!

No!

Never!

River was in charge of River! And River wanted to take a very long, very satisfying leak against a tree! River wanted to do that NOW!

He stood up onto his wobbly legs and hobbled to the front door. He reached a hand, about to open it, and then his arm just froze. He told his hand to go forwards, to grasp the doorknob and turn it. He BEGGED his body to listen to him, but icy chills ran down his spine and without realizing it, he’d backed away completely.

He threw himself onto the couch, hands digging against his crotch and legs crossing in all directions. And he held it.

Duncan’s heart ached as he watched all of that play out. He knew he would have reacted the same way in River’s position. He didn’t want to leave the cabin any more than River did.

He decided now to just sit on the sofa with his boyfriend and try to console him. He’d do his best to encourage the desperate man to hang on, but he knew that would be impossible. He’d just have to help him stand up when he started to wet himself, and reassure him afterwards that it was okay he’d had an accident.

Duncan rubbed River’s taut back, listening as he kept muttering incoherent, angry gibberish about how bad he needed to go. “I’m gonna fucking burst… Hhhh, it hurts so bad…. I can’t fucking keep it in…”

“It’s okay, River…” Duncan soothed. “How long’s it been since you last went?”

“Last night, after you got out of the shower…” River said, miserable.

There wasn’t a clock in this room, but Duncan knew that had been a long time ago. No wonder River was brimming with pee… “You can hold it longer, I know you can do it!”

“I can’t, Duncan,” River said. “I can’t fucking wait anymore. I need to piss so badly that I feel like it’s gonna gush out my nostrils.”

Duncan winced. “Try to think of something else?”

“I can’t do that even if my god damned life depended on it,” River said. “The piss is up to my motherfucking ribcage.”

“Um…. Let’s go back to our bedroom and watch a movie?” Duncan offered.

“I don’t even think I can stand back up,” River admitted. “Dammit!”

“What?”

“I keep— I just can’t stop leaking!” River exclaimed.

Duncan was now worried for the sofa cushions. “Stand up before you—“

“Shitshitshitshitshit!!” River cried, doubling over with an anguished wail. “I’m—“

Duncan heard a louder hiss coming from River. It lasted about three seconds before he was able to stop. Duncan grabbed River’s shoulders and hauled him up, intending to allow him to have his accident somewhere that it would all land on the easy to clean, wood floors. But when he saw the look on River’s face, so anguished and upset, he couldn’t let that happen.

Barely thinking about it, he dragged River to the front door and got it open. He led him down the steps and into the grass. River heaved with panicked gasps the entire time, and Duncan wasn’t sure if that was caused by leaving the cabin or by how much he had to pee.

“I— I really— Oh, Hell—“ River kept choking out, shoving his pajama bottoms and boxers down so that they bunched around his knees, a stream blasted out of him immediately, the drips turning into a furious jet of liquid relief that transformed all of his agony into mind-breaking pleasure.

Duncan was squinting hard now that they were outdoors. He hadn’t seen the sun in so long that the afternoon sky was absolutely painful. The blue was too bright. The white clouds were too bright. The glare of the sun was DEFINITELY too bright. Duncan felt like his eyes were going to be burned right out of their sockets.

“Haaaaahhhhhh….” River moaned, and Duncan turned to look at him, his eyes barely open. They widened a LITTLE more when he saw River had pulled his pants down completely, leaving his butt on full display. He must have been too desperate to mess with the button on his pajamas…

“Sweet… Merciful…” River panted. He just… He couldn’t believe it could feel this good just to take a piss! His urine kept pouring, and he was completely delirious. He couldn’t keep his eyes open, and he registered that it was painful to open them for some reason, but couldn’t work out why. All he could register was that his insides no longer felt like they were pulling themselves apart. “Haahhhhh….” He never wanted this feeling to end!

Duncan’s bladder grew more irritated the longer he watched River go, so he stood beside his boyfriend and unbuttoned his pajamas, releasing his own stream with a soft sigh. “Mmmm….” The pressure slid away from him, his poor bladder deflating for the first time today.

Duncan actually finished first, in spite of starting second. His stomach churned. He knew River had a smaller bladder than he did, so all that moaning and wailing he’d been doing must have been justified if he was still releasing such a violent, forceful stream after all this time.

River finally finished, shuddering hard as he pulled his pants back up. “Jesus fucking.. That feels so much better!” He gasped. “I—“ He looked around, and finally figured out why his eyes had been hurting. He’d just been so focused on GOING that he hadn’t fully paid attention to WHERE he was going; He’d been gushing away into the grass beneath his feet, because he was OUTSIDE.

He was outside for the first time in months.

And nothing bad was happening.

But, fear cinched him anyway and he rushed back to the door, returning to the safety of the inside. Duncan anxiously followed him. They shut the door, and locked it. Then took deep breaths as they stood behind it. Duncan grabbed River’s hand and squeezed hard. River squeezed back, unsure of what to say.

Finally, River spoke; “I— We were just outside.”

“I know…” Duncan nodded shakily.

“A—And it was okay…” River added. “Th—This time…”

“Yeah…” Duncan said, as they started to go back to the couch. They collapsed there and just held each other. “I— I didn’t think I’d ever go out again,” he admitted.

“Me neither,” River agreed. “I… I can’t believe THAT’S what finally got us out there…”

Duncan blushed. “I’ll say… You had to GO, didn’t you?”

“That was probably the worst I’ve ever needed to piss in my entire freaking life, yeah,” River nodded. “I seriously feel like I’m just gonna start fucking floating any second now, must have lost, like, fifty pounds getting all that outta my system.”

Duncan wasn’t sure why, but he smoothed a hand over River’s lower belly, around where his bladder was. River flinched for a second, but then let out another sigh. He was SO sore there that getting a bit of a massage felt pretty good. “Oh, by the way, you’ve got a really cute butt,” Duncan added, making River blush. “Just thought you’d like to know.”

River smiled, because there was a spark of how Duncan had been when they’d first met, that first day of their imprisonment with the Organization, before either of them had known what they were really in for.

