Frisky Frost

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*000*2023-06-09 10:58

Sat in her teacher seat, the tall, blond and longhaired woman reads papers and stuff, and sometimes rearrange few things on her desk. Her outfit is a soft but formal flowerish longskirt over warm pants with a clear yellow or cream colored thick shirt almost like a sweat, sign of the outside coldness of the season.

Soon, a knock on the door will remember what she is waiting for.

"Come-in!" She says kindly.

Opening the door, a slim, shy-looking student enters, then closes the door again. Her shirt is plain black but her strong shoulders and arms are guessable and her thick leggings are of the same shade, also depicting her shape quite well. She stares up and down throughoutly at the teacher that stands up and walks to her. They each are now close, about few meters.

"What's wrong Miss Martin? Am I going to get corrected?" The student asks almost in mumble but in a light voice.

"Don't worry. You did nothing wrong." The teacher says in her slight french accent as always. "But. I feel like your grades are somewhat of... lowering, these last weeks."

"Oh, really..." The student replies, saddened. "I thought so..."

"I don't understand. You're so smart. I remember you leaded that team of lazy guys in that group project. What's happening now?" The teacher asks, not seemingly mean or anything but genuinely worried for her. "You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. I just want you to know I'm here if you need to talk."

"I don't know what you are talking about..." The student says, lying, avoiding any glances to her.

"Alexandre." The teacher tries to grab her attention again. "I'm only your french teacher. But now I know you. It's almost a year I get to see you every days or so. I see you are hiding something from me. You are tired all the time, and anything annoys you. Are you okay?"

"I- I- I have sleeping issues..." Alexandre says shyly.

"Oh, it's okay." The teacher says. "Do you feel like something started it?"

"We don't have internet at home. It's been 2 weeks now. I think some jerks destroyed the relay a few streets away from us and all the neighborhood is touched." Alexandre explains.

"Oh, so you are too addicted to internet huh?" Miss Martin smirks.

"No, I barely used it before. The only thing I used it for was.. something personal." Alexandre blushes. "I mean I used to have my night routine and now all falls down."

"What was it?" The teacher asks. "You don't have to tell me. But I'd like to help if I can."

"Oh gosh I'd love you to do that.." Alexandre let out some mumbles, her mouth mildly open, lusting on her teacher, unable to hold herself anymore.

"What?" She replies, not sure what she heard is true. "You'd like that huh?"

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that, it's awkward and disrespectful of you, I'm so sorry!!" The student somewhat of panics already for what she said.

"Alexandre. It's okay. You needed to say that didn't you?" The teacher says, now sure. "I was suspicious of it. Now when I see the color on your face I know it. But I want you to tell me. Do you have a crush on me?"

Alexandre tries to cover her face with her hands but the answer is obvious.

"Yes?" The teacher asks again.

Miss Martin grab her students' hands off of her face to see her.

"It's okay. We are two adults aren't we." The teacher says.

"Yes, sure." The student says. "But I'm so embarrassed."

"You shouldn't. We aren't doing anything wrong are we?" The teacher asks. "Or do you want to do naughty things to me?" She whisper in a smile.

Alexandre shakes her head, blushing.

"No?" She asks, surprised.

"I do want you to help me.." Alexandre now tells the truth. "But I don't know if you're okay with it."

"We are both queer women. Nothing can be surprising then." Miss Martin smirks. "What should I be okay for, sweetheart?"

Suddenly Alexandre pins her against the wall and leans in closer and closer to her teachers face. She breath on her carelessly as her rough strength is one mighty known thing in this school.

"That I want to eat you out so greatly you will never think of dating anyone else ever." She says in her tough or low voice of hers before she blows away a bit of her hairs that were wondering on her face because of the sudden movement.

"Darling you truly are an athlete.." The teacher blushes, trying to avoid the subject. "I guess sometimes you're not too shy for using your strengths huh?"

Alexandre blushes. She does a step backwards, looking unsure or something.

"It's okay honey. I see it is your first time doing this. We can use light colors. Red. Orange. Or green. You tell me." She asks.

"It's just-" She mumbles in her usual unsure voice, almost sorry to be existing or something, some thing in her voice that only few people on earth can understand. "I- I never could have done it and I always been expecting to be alone for ever and now you giving yourself to me I just-.. It's just-"

"I can do you first if you'd be more comfortable.." She says. "I only want you to feel good. I just don't want you to believe that you have to make love with me right now or you'll lose your chance or whatever. I'll still be open for you if you wish. I'm single. I'm open. No pressure. Okay?"

"Th- thank you. Thank you so much." She replies. "You're the most kind, nice woman I've ever seen."

"Oh really?" She smiles. "You're the best student I've ever met."

"That's why I wanna do you." She smiles too. Taking her courage she eventually let out her idea. "I'd- Love to give- you- Oral- If you'd like that......"

Miss Martin blushes biting her lower lip.

"Is that a green?" She asks.

"Green green-" What she replies in a nod. "But if you go down there it is a promise you won't hurt me okay?"

Alexandre doesn't much understand that last one before she undo her skirt and lower her warm, thick leggings.

"Oh." She says, taking a pause there. "Well I'm not a monster so I won't hurt you. Plus I'm a lesbian so I will only make tender love to you down there."

Miss do takes a big breath and sighs at her reaction. Alexandre keeps smiling to her so she knows she's okay with her. She proceeds to make her feel good.

"Come-on miss I feel you getting close-" She says. "Why are you holding back?"

"A- are you sure?" She asks, blushing.

Alexandre just doesn't stop licking her to speak any reply again, not letting her a single second of rest as only wanting to see her let go.

She can't hold it back anymore and just goes, which starts flooding Alexandre and wetting her whole self as she's kneeling down with her head so close to her, getting drenched she does slows down to match her sensitivity but otherwise isn't specially bothered by the warmth.

After a good time going, probably a whole day worth of hydration time, the stream eventually stops, letting one of them really wet.

"Well." Alexandre smiles, yet happy about the situation. "You keep a lot of secrets under your confident attitude, teacher.." She smirks.

"Oh my gosh I'm so sorry I didn't meant to do that I just-" She panics.

"It's okay cutie, it's okay.. I'm not mad or anything." She kisses her body back up until they smooch for a while.

"I'm going to bring you some clothes and you'll change here or something-" She plans "I'm so sorry I didn't remember I'm a fountain I just-"

"Hey now. It's okay. Again, it is all fine. I'm fine with it. In fact, I liked that surprises. Always love twists in stories."

"It was my first time in years so yeah I didn't knew how to tell you that.." She worries.

"You're fine, honey. I accept you. Every single bit of you." Alexandre hugs her.

