My Lide as a teenage bedwetter

Aurhos: SashaButters

*011*2015-09-06 20:30

A/N Just a warning that the story gets a bit religious from this point on. I had planned on pretty much taking it out, but I didn't realize how much it played into the story line so I'm leaving it in more for character development purposes. If you don't like it, just skip over it. I had wanted to be a christian fiction writer back when I wrote this, if my past self read what I wrote in Just Let it Out, she'd probably have a heart attack lol

“What happened to your pants? You’re wearing different ones.” Allison asks, pointing down to the faded blue pair.

“Oh, I guess I rolled around in something sticky on the floor, there was a mysterious green colored substance down my leg.”

She raises her eyebrows at me, but doesn’t pursue it. Why does everyone keep giving me that look? Am I that bad of a liar? I’m sure I could’ve come up with something better, but I couldn’t think of anything good that fast. Why can’t she be as oblivious as Jaclyn? That would definitely help me out a lot.

When we get back to my house I grab some popcorn and shuffle Al into my room. I close the door and drop down on the floor with Al.

“So what’s up, what do you want to talk about?” she asks. Just my luck, when I want her to be oblivious, she knows something’s up, but when I want her to know, she pulls a Jaclyn.

I take a deep breath and try to remember the awful feeling of my dream, the large amounts of fear, guilt, shame, and the overwhelming gratefulness when I woke up. I thought for sure I had died. It wasn’t one of those dreams were subconsciously you know your asleep and dreaming. It was so much more than that. I don’t think I’ve ever experienced such strong emotions in a dream before. I sit there for a moment and try to concentrate on all those emotions that are driving me do things right this time. I realize I must be one of the luckiest people in the world. Not everyone gets a second chance to re-do life.

“I want to talk about God.” I say. Allison immediately sits up straight; I can tell she’s been waiting for this moment for a while.

“What do you want to know?” she asks dead serious. It’s almost scary.

“Everything.” I say “everything you’ve been trying to tell me for the last three years.” She seems lost in thought for a moment; I can tell she’s trying to find the best things to tell me.

“Why the sudden change of heart?”

“I had a dream that really freaked me out, a continuation of the ones I’ve been having, except this one was…different.” I continued to tell her about all the dreams I’ve been having and all the emotions I’d experienced in them. I told her everything, except the whole leakage problem.

I sit there in silence, waiting for her to say something, anything. It takes her a moment to leave her thoughts and come back down to earth. She finally snaps back.

“Wow, those are some freaky dreams.”

“Yeah.”

“I think there’s a purpose to them though. I think God is trying to get your attention.”

“Well He did a swell job of it.”

She began to tell me things, things I already knew but never fully understood. She told me things like how God sent His son to die for me and everyone, and how He would have done it anyway, even if I was the only person. She told me that He knows everything I’ve ever done, but still loves me no matter what. For the first time, these things started to sink in. That He understands how I feel, how embarrassed and scared I feel. The little insecurities in the back of my mind, He knows them all.

I’d always known these things, but I never truly believed them. I knew all the stories from being forced to go to church and whatnot when I was little. It just never really sunk in. I began to believe them, but was I ready? I’ve tried for years to convince people that I didn’t need help, that I was fine on my own. Was I ready to throw that all away and admit that I needed help?

“Are you okay?” Al asks.

“I think so.” My mind is spinning with so many questions.

“Do you want to pray?” She’s looking straight at me, he green eyes staring straight into mine. I look away; I’m not sure what to do at this point. I know in my heart everything Al has told me is right, it’s not that I don’t believe, I’m just sort of afraid. I’m too ashamed of myself to do it; I’m too scared to face God.

“I don’t know if I’m ready yet.” I say.

“It’s your choice; I just don’t want you to make the wrong one.” I realize at this point, she really is looking out for me. I always just thought she wanted me to think she was right. Now I know it isn’t like that. I have the best friend anyone ever could ask for. It’s always been about me, not her.

She’s been trying to get me to see it for my own good.

“Thank-You. I’ll be ready when the time comes.” I know I don’t have much time left, but this just doesn’t feel right for me yet.”

“Will you do me one favor though?” she asks.

“Anything.”

“When the time comes, will you come get me?”

“I wouldn’t do it with anyone else.” For once, I wasn’t lying. She scoots over next to me and pulls me into a giant hug.

I have no idea how long we stayed that way, and I didn’t care. I just wanted to stay wrapped in my best friends’ arms. All the things that have been happening just seemed to melt away. We stayed that way until my mom came up and knocked on the door.

Thanks mom…

We let go of each other and went to see what my mom wanted. She came up to help me pack. I dry my eyes on my sleeve and open the door to let her in. She comes in with an armful of my clothes and dumps them on the bed.

“Jeez, mom, I’ll be gone for two days, not two weeks.” I say as I stare at the mound of about every article of clothing I own.

“I just want you to be well prepared.” She says, pushing past me to my closet to pull out a traveling bag.

“Thanks, but I’ll take it from here.” I say as I go to shoo her out. “Now.” I say as I stare back at Al. “You’re scaring me. Will you please stop being all serious and whatnot and go back to being queen A.D.D?”

Al helps me pack as we talk some more until we are both exhausted and ready for bed. I climb into bed as Al makes a place for herself on the floor.

I lie down and let my mind wander about all the things that she told me and about my embarrassing moment in detention. At least the school nurse was cool about it, for some reason anyway. I really, really hope no one else noticed.

I wonder if it’s possible to die from embarrassment, I have a feeling I’m about to find out.

^ - ^

It’s suddenly dark. I try to look around to see what has happened, but I can’t see anything. The room explodes with a bright light, which forces me to shield my eyes. There’s now fire all around the room illuminating it. I squint around trying to figure out what’s going on. I start to take in the room, it’s huge, at least a mile in each direction, or more. I couldn’t see where it ends. It almost looked like a giant…courtroom. It hit me fast and hard, like that piano that always falls on Donald Duck. I hear a voice call out my name. A strong, powerful, no- nonsense voice. The voice of God. I feel nothing but guilt and fear. I feel so transparent.

The knowledge that He knows everything begins to overwhelm me. He proves this by showing me things of my life. Sins. Everything I have ever done, that makes me cringe thinking about, even the things I once felt proud of, makes me now feel ashamed. I can’t look up for the feeling of shame is to strong. I only deserve to look at the floor, but only because it is the lowest thing to look at.

Tears are flowing freely from my eyes. I feel as even they are trying to get away from me. I have never felt so ashamed of myself; I even want to leave myself. I start to feel envious of my tears.

“Katie.” He says, no compassion in his voice, I realize it’s too late for that, I had my chance and I blew it. He shows me all the times Allison has tried sharing Him with me, and all the times she has invited me to go to youth group with her. How every time I change the subject and make up some lame excuse that I already have plans. How could I have been so stupid? How could I not have seen the truth, it was right there in front of me this whole time, and I was too stubborn to see the truth. After all this time I always thought they were the stupid ones wasting their lives, when in reality they got the last laugh. I was being the one who wasted forever in return for a few short years. I just want to scream and yell out at my stupidity.

It’s too late. It’s over. I lost. I burn.

I’m burning! Everything is dark and dry! My eyes burn! I go to close them but I can’t! My eyelids are gone! I’m forced to stand there while dry, hot, dirty wind blows straight into my eyes.

I look down at the rest of my body and realize my clothes are gone!

“Well, at least no one else is here,” I tell myself as I look in every direction, but see nothing but dry, desolate, dessert in every direction as far as my eyes could see.

I take a step, in an attempt to find someplace to get out of the heat, but am forced to stop as a wave of pain shoots through me.

Boils the size of tennis balls have sprouted all over my skin and the bottoms of my feet. I cry out in pain, I need to get off my feet! I cry out in frustration and pain, there no way I can, I can’t sit down, the boils are everywhere. I’d only be sitting on them.

I stand still, praying by some miracle they’d go away, but they don’t. The pain worsening with every passing second that I remain standing.I see a figure walking slowly towards me, I desperately look around for a place to hide, but all that meets me is dry, open, desert.

I look over to see who it is and see…my mom?

She walks up to me, rage displayed across her face, and begins to inform me that she wishes she never had me. That her life would have been so much better without me, and that her and dad would still be married. That she was embarrassed of ever having me as a daughter. What? What’s going on?

I look back over at her, but she’s gone. My dad has taken her place.

“Worthless child.” He says. “Alex was always so much better then you.” I start to cry, but the tears are…acid! They burn a hole down the side of my face. It immediately pops the sore on my face and they start to bleed. The pain is excruciating.

The more pain I feel the more I want to cry, but the more I cry the more it hurts. I look up and see Al there.

“You were always such a horrible friend. You think you're right about everything, but you’re not. You deserve what you’re getting, I tried to tell you otherwise, but you’re too stupid to know any better. I don’t know why I even bothered with you. .”

No! This can’t be right? Al wouldn’t be down here. As soon as I realize this a horrible creature takes her place. It comes closer, growling, and frothing at the mouth. The eyes are just black pits, its body wrinkly and gray. I look over and see more coming. They start climbing up me, ripping open the sores on my body. I start screaming at the top of my lungs.

There are five or six on me as I try to fight them off, but they just keep coming. They're completely covering me, until I can’t breath, they climb over my eyes, and on to the top of my head, until you can’t even see me. I fall down, and continue to fall.

“Go to the bathroom before bed!”

“Katie?” I feel a hand touch me and instantly awaken to my room. Allison is standing over my bed wearing a concerned expression on her face. “Are you okay?” she asks. “You were screaming. Were you having another nightmare or something? You were really starting to freak me out.”

I nod and look down at my boil free skin. I wipe the sweat that’s falling down the side of my face with my arm and sigh with relief. It was just a dream. A dream! Oh no!

I move my legs slightly under the covers and silently gasp in horror. I’m stuck. My mom’s going to be in here to wake us up any minute. I can’t get up with Al in the room.

“Yeah. I did.” I say trying to act normal.

“Oh, well it’s time to get up, we’re leaving in like forty minutes or something." She says walking over to her stuff in the corner.

“I’ll get up in a minute.” I mumble, hoping she goes downstairs.

“Sure you will.” She says sarcastically as she grabs the end of my blanket and begins to pull it down. I quickly grab the other end up as fast as I can.

“Al, no, please don’t.” I beg as I pull the blanket back over my lap. She stares at me from my response and raises her eye brows at me.

“What is it that you don’t want me to see here?” she asks suspiciously, eyeing me curiously.

“Nothing. Please just don’t.” I plead. “Could you just give me a minute to get dressed?”

“Hmm…You insist you’re not hiding anything, but you won’t take the blanket off, and you want me to leave…Okay…” she says and she turns her back and walks towards the door. I heave a sigh of relief, but she quickly turns back and before I can stop her, grabs the blanket off me and throws it to the floor.

I hang my head in shame and wait for her to notice. It doesn’t take long.

“Oh…My…God!” she stammers.

The room goes awkwardly quiet. I throw my hands over my lap, and slowly look up at her. She doesn’t seem disgusted, just surprised. Really surprised.

“You wet the bed?” she says slowly, not believing it was true. “I can’t believe it! You wet the bed?”

I don’t say anything, I can’t. There’s no excuse for this. It’s pretty obvious. My cheeks must be on fire. I jump out of bed and change without a word, as she stares silently at me. I feel her eyes on the back of my neck following me from place to place.I take the sheets and stuff them under the bed with the ones from previous nights. I wrestle with a clean sheet as I attempt to put it on the bed and not cry. She doesn’t seem to notice this; she’s to busy looking under the bed.

“Al, please don’t.” I mange to whisper. She re-appears with a strange look on her face.

“There’s more!?” she asks in disbelief.

I nod as tears start to fall. I don’t think this could get any more embarrassing.

I sit on my bed as tears start to silently make their way down my face. I turn my head as I notice Al watching me.

“Don’t cry.” She says. I don’t listen to her. I hear my mom coming to get us up; I quickly wipe my eyes and pretend to be intently interested in what currently resides under my finger nail, making it a point to avoid Allison’s gaze at any cost.

*014*2015-09-07 04:59

{{:

Er, the latest chapter is suffering copy paste syndrome, might want to fix that.

}}

That it is, kinda stuck with it at the moment until I can get to a computer

*016*2015-09-07 07:26

{{:

I don't know why but the whole atheist turned religious seems a bit clichwéd.

}}

Not really, compared to all the other cliqued themes on this site. Plus usually it's the other way around. I have yet to read a single omo story about this. The story isn't about "atheist turned religious" anyway, it's more about two friends trying to save each other. One physically and the other spiritually.

I'm aware it sucks, with gaping plot holes etc. It's the first thing I EVER wrote 8 years ago

*018*2015-09-07 17:20

Thanks guys :)

Ugh I hate preachy stuff *now* so I really debated posting this story here. I was kind of expecting to get an inbox full of hate mail haha

The background of where I copied it from came with it when I posted it.

*020*2015-09-07 21:50

Chapter 6

It was definitely the most awkward car ride I’ve ever been in. We both sit in the back in silence the whole way there. My mom keeps asking us if we are okay.

“Fine.” I say a little too quickly.

When we get there, I go join the rest of the group. Jaclyn spies us and makes her way over past the rest of the half- dead looking kids.

“What’s wrong?” she asks at the sight of the two of us staring at the ground, trying to avoid eye contact with each other. I walk away and wait for it.

Jaclyn screams and that’s the sign that Al told her what happened. I keep my eyes down as they start to re-fill with tears.

I bump into someone and look up. It’s the school nurse. I start to cry even harder.

“Katie, what’s wrong, what happened?” All I manage to get out is a couple high pitch squeaks. She takes my hand and guides me over to a secluded bench away from the group. “Are you okay?” she asks, chewing more mint flavored gum. Obviously not lady. I just shake my head and wait for myself to calm down.

“Allison spent the night last night. I had another nightmare, and she ripped the blankets off of me when I refused to get out of bed. She found out why I wouldn’t get up the hard way.”

“Oh, I’m so sorry.” She says as she gives me a big hug. Why is it that hugs is can make things seem so much better? “What did you dream about?” she asks. I told her about the weird things I had experienced during this dream. "Wouldn't it have been better if you took what I offered you?" She asks gently, but not in a I-told-you-so, way. I mumble something unintelligible as a response while looking down at the dirt, before swallowing my pride, or what's left of it, and ask for another.

"Sorry, hun, I don't have anything like that with me. Those were for the Special Education class." Great, so now I'm special ed.

Mr. Lenord, my Biology teacher, calls me back over while waving his arms in the air. Okay, I get it, no need to cause a scene.

I thank the school nurse for all her help. She gives me one more hug before I go back and face my friends. She should really be the school shrink instead or something. I try to take deep breaths as I walk back over to the rest of the group.

Mr. Lenord gives the usual speech about what, and what not to do on this trip. The usual stuff, don’t do drugs, don’t drink, no personnel display of affection. We got the message, not like he didn’t explain it all a hundred times before in class. Not like anyones going to listen. I mean about the whole display of affection thing, not the whole drug thing.

“Does anyone need to go to the bathroom before we leave?” he asks. Jaclyn comes over and elbows me in the ribs.

“We know Katie sure doesn’t.” she says winking at me. Allison buries her face in her jacket to keep from laughing. I ignore her and pretend to be interested in what he has to say. He begins to read off the bed assignments. I end up getting Jaclyn as my bed mate. Allison elbows her in the ribs and says, “Your turn.”

We walk over to the cabins as I hear Jaclyn chanting “Please be bunk beds, please be bunk beds.” To mine and her relief they were.

“Don’t even think you’re getting the top bunk.” she informs me with a playful smile. We drop our stuff off on our bed, when Allison comes up to me.

“Want to go for a walk?” she asks. Not really, but I agree anyway. The first few minutes we spend in awkward silence as we walk around. Allison finally breaks the ice.

“So what’s been happening?” she asks as she looks ahead at the lake.

“What do you mean?” I ask, knowing perfectly well what she’s talking about.

“Well, what’s been making you do… that?” she says, still avoiding eye contact. “I mean you’ve never had that little problem before…right?” she asks, meeting my eyes.

“No. It just sort of started happening whenever I have nightmares.” I say as I turn my head and stare at the ground.

“Sorry about earlier. I was kind of in…shock.” I nod, still keeping my eyes on the ground.“Well you got to admit, it’s kind of funny, it’s not everyday you find out your best friend secretly wets the bed. I’ve been wondering why you’ve given up soda, and why there’s all those air fresheners in there.”

I look over and see her laughing. I laugh for a second to, a nervous laugh at first, but then it turns real. We both end up laughing as hard as we can by the time we get back, tears flowing from both our eyes. I look ahead to see the school nurse, who gives me a smile.

“I swear, it’s just when I have nightmares. It doesn’t happen during a regular nights sleep.”

“You must be having a lot of nightmares, you have a pretty good collection going on under your bed.” she says.

“Oh please,” I say, “That’s not even counting all of the sheets I turned pink. And there’s also yesterday during detention."

“You’re joking, right?”

“Nope.”

Al leans up against a tree, attempting to catch her breath from laughing too hard, but it’s usually pretty easy to get her to do, considering she laughs at everything.

“I can’t believe you peed your pants during detention.” She laughs clutching her side. I try to act serious for a moment.

“What am I going to do about tonight and tomorrow? If I have a nightmare, it’s going to be next to impossible to hide it from everyone. There is like ten other girls in our cabin. Most people already know about my little episode yesterday. Especially because Assyla was in the same room with me. There probably waiting to see what kind of crazy things I do this time.”

Which reminds me, why was she in my nightmare last night? What does she have to do with any of this? Hopefully nothing.

It’s a nightmare enough without her presence.

“So, what did you dream about this time?” she asks, crashing down near a patch of trees.

This is the first time I’ve had time to settle down and think about it. I sit down under a tree and let the wind blow my hair into my face. I replay the incidents in my mind making sure all of the information is correct, and proceed to tell her what happened.

“Wow.” She says. “And I thought your last dream was scary.”

“Yeah, but you want to hear the really weird part?”

“It gets weirder?” she asks in disbelief.

“I keep hearing a voice that tells me to go to the bathroom before going to bed.” Al falls over laughing.

“Are you serious?”

“Yeah. Even my nightmares are making fun of me.”

“Well, you should listen to it then.” She said trying to keep a straight face. “What’s with you and the nurse? Normally people our age don’t exchange hugs with their school nurse’s.”

“Oh. It’s because she found out about my little problem yesterday… She’s been cool about it.” I say, feeling my face turn a deep shade of red.

My face has been this color a lot lately, if I blush anymore, I think it might permanently stay this way. I shall forever walk my days on earth looking like I fell asleep at the beach.

“How did she find out? Was it during your CAT scan?” Al asks poking me in the ribs.

“No. She was wondering why I kept pulling down on my jacket, so she made me take it off. It was one of my most embarrassing moments having to sit there and show her what I was trying to hide. She said she would keep it between us and I told her about the dreams I’ve been having. Well, I take that back, it WAS the most embarrassing moment, but I think this morning takes the lead.”

“Oh, were you crying because when you came back out your eyes were all red.”

“Oh, yeah. When she made me unzip my jacket, she came over and gave me a hug. That’s when I officially lost it.” I say as I stare back down to the ground.

“Oh. So that’s where you got those clothes. Yeah, the floors aren’t THAT gross.”

“Yeah, but I had to wear boxers for the rest of the day.”

“That’s where they came from? I saw them on your bathroom floor this morning. Your brother doesn’t seem like the kind of guy to wear boxers with Spider-Man on them. And why would your brother even be in your bathroom.”

“Nice.”

“What were you guys talking about this morning?” Al asks. Just to tease me of course.

“Hmm. What horrific thing could have possibly have happened this morning?” I say sarcastically

“Hmm….I wonder what would happen if I de-blanketed you tomorrow morning.” She says, sporting a devilish grin, which to me, resembled a gremlin.

And no, I’m not talking about Gizmo.

“Don’t you even dare!” I glare at her. I just want to get through this…phase with as much dignity as I can muster. But by the way things are going; I don’t think I’m going to have very much of that by the time this trip ends.

“Relax, you know I wouldn’t do that to you,… in front of other people anyway. No guarantees about doing it front of Jaclyn for our own amusement. We can’t totally let you off the hook”

“You’re evil. You know that?” I say as I get up and punch her in the arm. “Just don’t tell any more people. I know you already told Jaclyn, she’s been teasing me all morning.” I mumble.

“Sorry.” She says massaging her arm “But we have to. If you think we’re just going to sit here, knowing our best friend wets the bed, you’re crazy. It’s been the best thing that’s happened since Jaclyn threw up on Bugs Bunny at Magic Mountain.”

“Will you two stop bringing that up. That was three years ago. It’s behind us, far, far behind us.” Jaclyn says as she walks up and joins us on the ground. “Let’s tease Katie instead.”

“Sorry. You came too late, it already happened.” I said. “So if that’s behind us…then this morning is behind us too…right?” I ask hopefully.

“Awe darn. Let’s start over then.” Jaclyn says, ignoring my pleas to put this behind us.

“Or we could change the subject!” I suggested hopefully. “As funny as my lack of self-control is, isn’t it getting old?” Al and Jaclyn exchange glances and sigh.

“Sorry ,Katie, but this is one of those moments that will forever go down in history.” Says Al as she starts examining a pinecone.

“I wish I was there.” Jaclyn sighs as she too started playing with the pinecones. She takes a glimpse at her hand, which is now sticky with pinesap, and throws it over her head. She then takes a can of soda out of her backpack and wipes her hand on its condensation.

“No you don’t.” says Al as she too ditches the pinecone and rubs its sticky sap on her pants. “Awkward…so very, very awkward. And don’t even get me started on the car ride up here.” I sigh and stare at Jaclyn’s soda, then back at my own Root Beer absent hands.

“Don’t give her one.” Jaclyn says to Al as she picks one up to hand to me. “I have to share a bed with her.”

“A bunk bed.” I quickly remind her. “The top bunk, which you have by the way, is the only thing you would have to worry about. We are sleeping on two separate mattresses. And it’s only 11:00 something in the morning. It’ll be long gone by the time we go to bed.”

“Yeah, but hey, why take any chances.” She says. I look up at Al, who sees this and takes a long slow drink of her own.

“Stop doing that!” I snap. She smiles back.

“Sorry, I couldn’t resist.” She says. I roll my eyes back at her. Do any of them really pay any attention to the effect this subject might be having on me? Of course not.

“Well I’m going to go in the cabin for a minute; I’ll see you guys later.” I say as I get up and make my way back over to cabin 32.

On the way, I pass by Mr. Stinky as he heads over to the make-shift cafeteria. I give him a wave, but he doesn’t return the favor.

Seriously, get over it man, it was just a little bop in the nose. You’ll live.

“Finally, a minute to myself without getting made fun of.” I say to myself as I fall back onto a bed. Which, I got to say, wasn’t the greatest decision I could have made, considering these mattresses were as hard as rocks. At least I brought towels; it will make it a little more comfortable.

I pull up my backpack off the floor and start digging around in it. “Oh no”! I moan as I re-search my bag for the fiftieth time.

I forgot to bring towels.Not like they would keep anyone from seeing, but to simply save the mattress from a horrible, wet fate.

Can rocks even stain?

I glance over and notice all the dead bugs in the windowsill, and it begins to gross me out. I turn the other way and stare at the rows of the empty, metal, black, bunk beds.

Maybe I should be concentrating more on the dreams themselves and less on their side affects, as heinous as they might be. Why am I even making such a big deal about this? They're just dreams after all, right? No big deal, but then why does my mind consider the possibility of them being so much more?

Even if they were more than just dreams, that doesn’t explain why I’m wetting the bed. THAT I could sure do without. I mean I can’t find a logical purpose for it, if these dreams are trying to tell me something, I’m sure they would do a perfectly good job without the whole leakage problem.

What if they’re trying to warn me about something that’s going to happen? What good would that do? We’re both going to die.

Wait! That’s it! I have to change it! I have to do something that will change the result. What though? I could always grab a teacher. Yeah, that should work. Instead of wasting time gawking at him, I’ll tell someone. Who should I grab? Who’s the closest? Mr. Stinky! He’s got some pretty good biceps for a History teacher. He isn’t that far away either. There, if it ever happens in real life, I’ll go get Mr. Stinky

There’s something that’s been bugging me about him though, even more so then his breath anyway. He just…resembles the guy from my nightmares so much. Well, okay, now not so much, but when I first saw him, I saw the guy who was going to do this. It was him. Maybe I’m just taking things out of hand; it was just a dream after all. I’ve seen Mr. Stinky around school before, my mind just somehow managed to throw him into all of this.

Besides, it couldn’t be him anyway. The guy from my nightmare is as bald as Mr. Clean. And he’s supposed to have a tattoo of a snake down his left arm. Just because Mr. Stinky’s only employed part-time doesn’t mean they’d actually hire him with that tattoo. This school has a pretty strict dress code.

Although, now that I think about it, I’ve never seen him wear anything but long sleeves. Maybe they hired him as long as he keeps it hidden.

I have to get this off my mind, this is crazy. History teachers don’t do stuff like this, and history teachers don’t have tattoos. Well, teachers like Mr. Stinky anyway. He just doesn’t strike me as the tattoo type.

Okay, next time I run into him, I’ll just ask him to show me his arm. Okay, so I can’t at exactly be all…” Hey, show me your arm. I want to see if you have a tattoo.” I’ll think up an excuse to ask him later.Now, besides the weirdness of asking if he has a tattoo, I know I definitely can’t go up to him and ask if he wears a wig. A little on the offensive side. I could always pretend to be swatting at invisible bugs or something and “accidentally” hit him in the head.No, I think I’ve hit him enough for one lifetime. I guess I’ll just ask Al, that’s like, her favorite teacher. She’s always doing stuff for him. If there was any weird thing going on with Mr. Stinky, she’d know.

Note to self: Stop calling him Mr. Stinky as to avoid calling him that in real life…again.

*021*2015-09-07 22:44

Chapter 7

Okay, after walking around for six hours looking at dirt, and the things that grow out of it, you’d think we would all be exhausted.

Of course not, now is the time that everyone has been waiting for, the time we get to ourselves. Two sweet fun filled, Biology free hours with my friends.

I’m starving; I just hope the food here isn’t going to be anything like it is at school. I’m in luck! No surprise something or other, no mystery meat, just good old-fashioned hot dogs. You can’t possibly screw up hot dogs. They neither look nor taste hideous. Just pure left over cow compressed into a tiny stick like shape drenched in ketchup with a Root Beer.

Yep, that’s right, a Root Beer. I’m feeling pretty confident tonight. And after walking, which felt like forever, I had to drink something.

Besides, I think I’ve finally gotten this whole thing sorted out. I’ll go to the bathroom before bed, and I’ll think about what I want to happen in the dream. I’ll be at school, get that uneasy feeling in my stomach, and go get Mr. Stinky. Who will in turn come rushing over to save his favorite student, Allison. He’ll see that dude with the gun and go mid evil on him until he drops it in defeat. Unless of course it IS Mr. Stinky with the gun.

Hmm… this could be more difficult then I thought.

After spending all afternoon looking at plants and lake life, e.g. worms, beetles, and mosquitoes. Ones mind begins to wander. Well wandering won’t really cut it, more like running as far and fast as it can. Anything to get away from things like the scientific names of weeds.

No joke, he stood there and talked for 20 minutes about a dandelion.

“Katie, come back to earth will you?” asked Al as she waved her hand in front of my face. Apparently, hot dogs aren’t all that interesting either.

“Smooth one, space case.” Jaclyn says sarcastically motioning her hand towards my side of the table. “Look what you just did.”

I snap out my trance long enough to realize I knocked over my soda at some point and that there was now a stream leading from on the can, onto the table, onto my lap. And I was just thinking about how good this night has been so far. Proof that nothing lasts forever.

I run up and grab some paper towels, cringing at the thought of all the ants my pants are going to attract tonight. I come back and attempt to clean up the last remaining stream that hadn’t yet made it on to my clothing.

“It just doesn’t feel like home until you manage to spill something, thanks, Katie.” Says Jaclyn as she watches with amusement at my pathetic attempt to mop up, which was just making things worse. Go figure.

I glance over at Al, who is, of course, snickering at me. She looks up at me and laughs even harder. “It’s a sign.” She giggles.

“Huh?” I ask, not really paying attention.

“Yeah, lets just hope that’s the only river you're going to be making tonight.” Says Jaclyn. I glare at the both of them, trying to hide the embarrassment that dwelt within.

“Shut up. Someone might hear you.” I mumble. This of course, only causes them to raise their voices higher. I quickly flash them both my hands, which is tightly formed into a fist. This shuts them up. For now anyway.

I sit back down, at our now sticky table and glance down the rows of tables. My eyes happen to shift over to the staff table where the school nurse returns my gaze. And what do you know? She’s laughing at me. She apparently had the pleasure of witnessing my little soda spillage, but then again, who didn’t?

I smile back to her and look back down at my tray.

“Seriously, what is going on between you and the nurse?” Jaclyn asks through a mouth full of hot dog.

“Why, what’s wrong?” I ask slightly offended. Jaclyn being well…Jaclyn, does not see this and continues on.

“Well nothing is wrong per say, it’s just weird is all. We all saw you this morning having a moment together. It was freaky, like something off of a Hallmark card.”

“What, we were just talking.”

“Really, because what I saw was you two sitting on a bench, with her arms wrapped around you and she was patting your back. While you had your head resting on her shoulder. Looked pretty Hallmarky to me.”

“So what? She’s nice.”

“Allison was text messaging me for like a half-hour trying to figure out what happened to you yesterday. You went in to her office, and never came out.”

“I was only in there for like ten minutes.” I say finishing off the last of dinner. I see a bunch of people get up and head over to the front; they must have put something out for dessert. Please be something with chocolate in it! What luck? I see someone walk by with a piece of chocolate cake. I instantly run up to the front to get some. I almost didn’t even care that it tasted like it had been sitting out all week.

Mr. Lenord gets up and announces that we have an hour to go get ready for bed until lights out. We get up to leave but are stopped by no other then Assyla and her clones.

“Nice performance in detention yesterday. It almost made it somewhat enjoyable for me, until you woke up that is.” She sneered as she gave me a smirk. “Everyone’s wondering what you’re going to be pulling on us tonight.”

We ignore them, which for me is surprising because normally she’d have a bloody nose by now. Guess I’m just too tired to care at the moment.

We walk back over to our cabin and go over to out assigned bunk beds and start getting ready for bed. That’s when we notice something unusual; we were the only ones in here. I go peek out the screen door and notice all the girls in a circle around Alyssa talking in whispers. What was so weird was that most of these people weren’t in her little crowd. Me, Allison and Jaclyn were the only people not over there. I point this out to them and we all stand by the window and wonder who they were trashing in their little gossip circle. They soon disperse and we head back over to our beds, pretending not to have taken notice of their little circle.

You can hear people talking and giggling, but once they enter back into the cabin, all goes awkwardly quiet for some reason. Maybe it’s my imagination, but I could have sworn everyone was looking at me. Like they were waiting for me to do something crazy. Al leans over to me and whispers, “What was that all about?”

“No idea.” I whisper back, but I have an idea, and it’s probably right. They were talking about me.

I try to shake it off as I climb into bed, trying not to hit my head on the top bar. The blankets that were given to us were thin and itchy, doing a poor job at warming us up. I’m sure it was no help that the door was only a screen, which allowed the fresh cold air to present itself into our room.

I stare, envious of the others who thought to bring a sleeping bag with them. The lights go out soon after and my thoughts drift back over to the dreams. I worry about it for only a minute as my body tells me it would rather sleep then think.

^-^

I throw my jacket back on as I make my way over to school. It’s extra cold this morning for some reason. The tiny hairs on the back of my neck stick straight up and I start to shake. I stick my hands in the pockets of my jacket to keep them warm. I don’t really feel all that cold, but I have goose bumps going all up and down my arms and legs. A nervous nauseated feeling rises up in my stomach, as I get closer to school. Something isn’t right. I instantly realize what’s going on. It’s happening.

I need to save Allison, I can’t waste anymore time. I run to the school as fast as I can. Instead of turning right, I turn left and sprint toward Mr. Stinky’s classroom. I barge in, not bothering to knock. I pause for a moment as I try to take in gasps of air.

“Are you alright?” says a middle aged women with brown curly hair. She’s looking up from the stacks of paper on her desk.”

“Where is Mr. Stinkly?!” I ask, trying not to raise my voice

“Oh, he already left.” She says, going back down to her paper work. “Is there anything I can do for you?” she asks not looking up at me. She doesn’t seem like the type to believe me. I don’t have much time. It’s a long shot, but here it goes.

“My friends in danger! I need you to call the police.” I say, trying to remain calm. This gets her to look up.

“Why? What happened?” she asks, her voice rising with concern.

“My friend! I think she’s in danger! There might be a guy around the school with her. He has a gun and he’s going to kill her.” I say, my voice rising with each word. She stares at me for a minute, a puzzled expression across her face.

“You think? There might?” she asks. “Did you hear someone talking about this? How do you know?”

“I dreamt it.” I say, realizing how stupid it sounded the moment it came out of my mouth. But I don’t have time to worry about it. I need help. She raises her eye brows at me, not sure whether or not to believe me.

“You…dreamt it?” she asks, sounding as if talking to a crazy person.

“Yes! Now come one! I need help!” I yell, motioning for her to follow me.

“Yes…you do.” She says slowly, her feet staying in place. “Maybe you should see the nurse.” She says moving around the desk to write a note.

“I’m not joking!” I yell in frustration. She doesn’t seem to believe me. I storm out and yell at myself for wasting time talking to her, and sprint toward the crime scene.I hear the ear-splitting blast of a gun that was fired close by.“I’m too late!” I cry out. I curse the curly haired lady with every word I can think of.

I turn around and see Alyssa coming this way to investigate the source of the noise. She walks past without looking twice; I see her jaw drop and her perfectly tanned face go paler than mine. A slight whimper escaping her mouth.

“Nice of you to join our little party.” Says the hollow voice I recognize as the shooters.

I hear another gun blast as I see Alyssa’s’ body drop to the ground. I start screaming as tears rush from my eyes. I hear footsteps coming this way. I’m frozen to the spot, unable to move. I see him look this way. My heart begins beating wildly.

“Oh, hello.” He says so innocently. He lifts up his arm, the arm with the gun in it. “Good-bye” I hear as I feel myself falling and I start to scream.

“Go to the bathroom before bed.” I hear as I continue to fall.

“Katie?” I faintly hear as I roll over and open my eyes.

There stands the whole group of tenth grade girls around my bed, excluding Al and Jaclyn, who are still asleep in their own.Alyssa stands at the foot of my bed. What’s going on?

“Having another nightmare are we, Katie?” she asks with a hint of excitement in her voice. I hear the word nightmare and freeze. Please don’t tell me I did what I think I did…again. I did. Oh crap.

“Well, were you?” she asks again. Not seeing where this is going, I nod. The girls start giggling amongst themselves. Is there something I’m not getting here? I, having no clue what’s going on ask

“What do you want?” She holds up some printed pages they have clearly been copied. She clears her throat for all to hear. Al and Jaclyn wake up and look to see what’s going on. She lifts the pages up to her face and begins reading out loud.

“I really can’t keep it hidden much longer, unless I stop having these dreams. There not exactly scary dreams, just weird. In my dream I’m terrified for some reason and I get chills running up and down my back. Then I wake up, but each time I’ve had them I dream a little bit more. I was almost to the point where I saw what was freaking me out so much. I remember looking at something, but it’s just fuzzy when I woke up.”

My face goes completely white as chills run up my back. I can’t believe it! She’s reading my journal! Al must have sensed this too; I see her hop off from her bed and come near mine. Jaclyn hangs her head from the top bunk to see what’s up. Alyssa gives me another evil looking smile and continues reading.

“I don’t mind the dreams so much, I actually find them quite interesting.” DON’T SAY IT! Please you have to have some form of a heart, please don’t say it! “The problem is I’ve been secretly wetting the bed because of it.”

I … CAN’T…BELIEVE…SHE…JUST…SAID…THAT!!!

“Awe.” Alyssa says in a fake sympathetic voice. “Is Katie wetting the bed?” I don’t say anything. I can’t. I’m in so much shock. She tosses the pages onto my bed.

“That IS what you wrote, isn’t it?” The girls start giggling loudly. “Well, if you’re not going to answer, we might as well have a look for ourselves.” She has to be joking. She wouldn’t do that, would she? She can’t possibly take this any further she had her laugh. She can’t be that mean. Could she? She gives a nod to the girls on my left and they each grab a piece of my blanket. I cling tightly to the piece that I have.

“Awe, what’s wrong Katie? You're not trying to hide something, now are you?” she said with a malicious grin. Why is she doing this to me? “Ready girls?” Before I could do anything to stop them, they grabbed the blanket and pulled it right off of me.

The room exploded with laughter seconds after. The only thing my brain could comprehend was the word run. I jumped out of bed and ran as fast as I could, making sure I plowed over some girls on the way.I didn’t bother changing, or fixing the sheets. I just ran.

I don’t know how long I had been running for, or how far I’d gone. I wasn’t really keeping track. All I wanted to do was distance myself from them as much as possible. I eventually got tired from running and stopped to catch my breath.

That’s when the reality of it began to sink in and I began to cry harder then I ever have before. I looked like a mess. My eyes were all blood shot; my hair was everywhere, and worse. I was still in my wet pajamas from the night before.I needed some place to hide; somewhere no one would find me. Being that I’m on a lake, there weren’t too many places to choose from. I went to the only place available. A porta-potty. I must have been in their for at least an hour. I lost track. All I know is that I’m never coming out. At least my pants are drying.

Sure, it smells like poop, but it’s better then being out there, I guess. I’ve never hated anyone before, sure I’ve despised people, but never truly hated anyone. Up until now anyway.

It’s been at least an hour and I’m still crying. I need someone to talk to, but I don’t want to leave. For some reason the things Allison told me the other night start to unravel themselves in my mind. I try to push it out, I’m really not in the mood to feel any more worthless than I already feel, but for another strange reason it keeps jumping back in. I’m to emotionally exhausted to keep fighting it, so I let it come in. I thought it was going to make me feel even lower, but strangely it doesn’t. It almost made me feel…better.

Sure, I cherish the idea of someone loving me unconditionally like the next person, but it just seems too good to be true. There’s just something about it that’s drawing me to it though, something I can’t really explain.

“Katie!” I hear someone call my name. I sit up for a second and listen. Nothing. I must be hearing things; maybe the fumes are getting to me. They should have a warning on these porta-potties.

Warning: Poop, harmful to humans if inhaled. Enter at your own risk.

“Katie, where are you?”

Okay, that time I know I wasn’t hallucinating. It sounded like Al.

“Please come out!” yelled Jaclyn. About time they came and looked for me. I’ve only been sitting in a porta-potty for the last two hours getting high off poop fumes. Seriously, my brain cells could be at high risk right now. I peek out the air hole at the side and watch them come closer.

Wait, I see three pairs of legs, there’s two pair in jeans- which are obviously Al and Jaclyn- but who’s the third? Defiantly not a student, they’re wearing stockings. I look down at my pajama bottoms, which are still noticeably wet. Oh great, I can’t go out there looking like this, although fresh air is sounding really tempting right now. I hear a knock at the door.

“Katie, are you in there? Open up, it's Allison.”

“I can’t,” I moan back.

“Please?”

“No!”

“By the way.” Jaclyn chimes in “We brought you some clothes.”

Okay, that catches my attention right away. I stick my hand out the door, hiding the rest of myself inside. I bring my hand back inside after each article of clothing is handed to me and quickly change.

“Now will you come out?” Al asks. I ponder it for a moment, but in the end, the need of fresh air convinces me to leave. I open the door and step out, the sudden brightness temporarily blinding me. I gladly inhale the cold, fresh air as it welcomes me to the outside world.

"Breathe much?" Jaclyn asks sarcastically as I start coughing and choking.

I finally manage to control my breathing long enough to spit out a “Not if you’ve been in a porta-potty for two hours.”

“God, stop being a baby, you were only gone for a half-hour. “

Note to self: get a watch.

Al elbows her in the ribs. I finally notice the other person standing next to me; it’s the school nurse. Al grabs my arm and leads me over to a picnic bench a few feet away, leaving Jaclyn and the school nurse by themselves. I laugh silently to my self as I hear Jaclyn trying to start an awkward conversation with her.

“So…yeah…you’re a nurse.”

Me and Al sat down facing each other.

“Are you okay?” she asks.

“No, not really. I’ve just been humiliated in front of the entire tenth grade class.” I say looking down at my hands. She doesn’t say anything for a few minutes, but what do I know, it was probably only thirty seconds.

“I’m really sorry that happened.” She says her bright green eyes boring into me.

“It’s alright.” I lie, my voice squeaking, giving it away. “It could have been worse; they could have been armed with camera phones or something.”

“Well actually…”

I lay my head on the wooden bench trying not to even think about it. Could this day get any worse? How in the world could she do that to me, aside the fact that we’ve been mortal enemies since sixth grade, but still? I swear, she has no heart. How did she even get my journal long enough to read it, let alone PHOTO COPY IT!!!

It’s my fault, really, how could I even write something like that down on paper? Did she sneak into my backpack when I wasn’t looking? The only time I ever take it from my backpack is to write in it, but I do have a habit of dropping it.

Wait! I spilled my backpack that day I punched her, I lost it and found it in the cafeteria. She must have spotted it, photocopied it, and then put it back to make me think no one found it. Oh, she’s good, but she’s not good enough. I will find a way to get her for this.

“Was that the only part of it she read, let alone, photo copied?” I ask.

“Well there was a little bit more, there was a part about…Jamie.” She sighed, not meeting my eyes.

No! Please not that part!

“It wasn’t…the day dream…was it?” I ask, secretly knowing what the answer is going to be. She doesn’t look back up; she continues to stare blankly at the ground.

“You’ve got to be joking! She can’t possibly humiliate me any more in one day.” I say as I clench my hands tightly to form fists. “She wasn’t going to um… tell him was she?” She nods her head.

“She went over to the guys’ cabin right now.” Just my luck, I’m so not writing in a journal anymore.

“She’s dead!” I yell as I pound my fist into the bench, which only made it start throbbing, plus I think I got a splinter.

“What are you possibly going to do?” Al says trying to calm me down.

“I don’t have to do anything; all I have to do is sit back and let something happen.” I say as I try to painfully rip the splinter out of the side of my hand.

“What are you talking about?” she asks noticing the gleam in my eyes. Usually I only get that look when I’m about to do something really stupid or dangerous, or sometimes both. Like say, punch someone twice as big as me, as I sometimes like to do. Did I mention that my extracurricular activity happens to be detention?She quickly notices this and tries to shake what I’m planning out of my head.

“It doesn’t matter.” I finally say, “It’s not real anyway.”

“Why, did something more happen in your dream?”

“Yeah. Instead of trying to find you, I went over to Mr. Stinky’s classroom to get his help, but some lady was in there instead. When I told her what was happening, she tried to send me to the nurses’ office. So I went over there myself but I was too late. Alyssa hears the gun and goes over to figure out what happened and runs into him. This part almost made it worthwhile, until he finds me anyway.”

“You wouldn’t really do that, would you?”

“Do what? I didn’t do anything.” I ask, somewhat puzzled.

“Exactly. You wouldn’t just let her die would you?”

“It’s not like I can do anything about it.” I say starting to get annoyed.

“What if you could do something? Would you?”

“No, not really.” I say as she jumps up on her feet.

“So you would just let her die?” she says, raising her voice.

“What don’t tell me you’re taking her side?” I say as I jump up too.

“Katie! You could have the power to save someone’s life and you’re not going to use it?

”No, and besides. IT’S NOT REAL!” I say unable to keep the anger out of my voice. I can’t believe it, after all Alyssa did to me today, she’s going to go and take her side.

“For all we know it could be! I think God’s trying to tell you something.”

“Enough with that crap! It’s not real! Get that through your little head. It’s just some stupid religion for people who aren’t loved enough so they have to go make up something that does!” I scream at her.

“You know that’s not true! You were freaked when you woke up in detention. You know it’s real. There is a God, and He loves you, if you would just see that-“

“Allison!” I scream at her “I don’t want anything to do with your ‘God’. I hate your God! In fact you can take your God and shove it right up your-“

“Katie!” Jaclyn whispered at me as she grabbed my arm. She shook her head at me. I knew then that I’d gone too far. Jaclyn bags on Allison all the time about what she believes, and if she even thinks I pushed it… I stare up at Alison…but it’s too late.

I can see she’s upset. More upset then I’d ever seen her in a long time. I could see tears start to form in her eyes. Now I’d done it.

“Al I’m so-“I start to say, but then stop. I stand there watching as she takes off the other way.

“Nice one.” Jaclyn says sarcastically as she punches me in the arm. Jaclyn runs to go catch up to Allison, with the school nurse in close pursuit, leaving me standing there alone. At first I didn’t really care. I was pissed. She needed a dose of reality. Didn’t she…?

I walk back to the cabin by myself. Every one else was already out with the tour by the lake. I figured I’d join them in a minute, but first I must dispose of some evidence. I sprint back over to where I had been sleeping the night before, but to my surprise, find it already cleaned up. The mattress was already flipped over and the sheets crammed under it.

Al must have done this… She’s definitely the only one brave enough to. If someone else had my little problem, I definitely would not be the first to volunteer to clean it up. I lie down on my sheetless mattress and sigh. She’s so sweet; I just wish she wasn’t so clueless.

I mean, I have every right to be mad at her. She saw what Alyssa did to me, and she is still going to take her side. And it’s not like that would even happen. I wouldn’t even have a chance to let her die. The dreams aren’t real, they're just dreams. Even if they were something more, there is nothing I can do to save her. I’m either already dead, or about to die. Even if I weren’t hurt, I wouldn’t go over to help her. I’d help Allison.

I can’t believe I’m even thinking about this. They’re dreams. That’s all they’ll ever be. It’s just my mind playing tricks on me.

*024*2015-09-09 04:26

A very highly edited version of this chapter

I need to take my mind off this. I get out of bed and walk over to join the tour group. Yeah, I know. I ‘m desperate. I was in no hurry to face anyone there, my friends, or anyone else for that matter.I arrived ten minutes later as the Biology teacher was explaining the structure of an insect. I stand quietly in the back, hoping no one will see me. But of course they do.One head turns around, whispers to the person next to them, then all the heads spin. Giggles erupt from the crowd at the sight of me. I look down trying to hide the fact that I was blushing.

“People, can I have your attention once again? Just because Miss. Devo here was late is no excuse for laughter, it’s not that big a deal.” Mr. Lenord said.

“She’s only late because she couldn’t stand the thought of showing her face again” one girl said which only caused more laughter.If Mr. Lenord wasn’t here, I know where my fist would be right now.

“What may I ask is so funny here?” asked Mr. Lenord.

“Nothing!” I shout out before anyone has a chance to say anything. More laughter.

“Well obviously something is funny here. Katie, since you seem to be the cause of all this, would you mind explaining to me what appears to be so funny?” he asked.

“Yeah, Katie! Tell us all what happened last night.” Alyssa chimed in.

“Nothing.” I mumble as I stare at the ground, avoiding eye contact with anyone.

“Oh? What happened last night that everyone is so keen to talk about?” he asked.Why can’t teachers just mind their own business? Seriously.

“If she won’t say what happened, the rest of us will gladly spill.” Alyssa said taking full advantage of the situation. I don’t say anything; I just continue my examination thorough of the ground.

“Well?” he asks. “Who would like to share? Since this appears to be so much more interesting then the life cycle of a beetle.” I can’t believe I’m thinking this…but. Please, I want to hear about the beetle. Pleeeeeaaaaaaassssseeee. Talk about the beetle!I look up at Alyssa and give her one of those haven’t-you-already-humiliated-me-enough-for-one-day-looks. This only appears to have only egged her on since without missing a beat she responds with

“I will! Katie wet the bed last night!” The crowd explodes with laughter once again. I won’t run away. I won’t run away. I won’t run away. I won’t give them that satisfaction. I look up as the laughter starts to die down.

My biology teacher simply raised his eyebrows at me and says, “Katie, aren’t you a little too old to still be wetting the bed? No wonder you tried to get out of going yesterday.” Okay, that’s two people I now hate. If he was trying to make people laugh, it worked. And okay… I ran away. But c’mon, isn’t that reason enough? And you know what Allison and Jaclyn were doing after he said that. You want to know?

Laughing. Yeah that’s right, they were laughing just as hard as everyone else there.

At least this time when I ran away, I didn’t go hide in a porta-potty for a half-hour. I just hid in the cabin. Which I guess, wasn’t really hiding, but it got me away from everyone. I am seriously having the worst day of my life, no the worst week. No even better, month. Ever since I stated having those stupid dreams, my life has been going downhill.

First I’m wetting the bed, which is bad enough. Then I get a 105 fever, and then have to be taken to the emergency room, only to get a huge needle shoved into my ass, oh yes, that was highly pleasant. Then I’m flailing around on the floor during detention, which I then am humiliated by school nurse by forcing me to show her my wet pants. Then Allison finds out, and then Alyssa tells AND shows the entire tenth grade class, well girls at least, which is just as bad as guys and girls. I get into a fight with my best friend, and then once again publicly humiliated. I don’t think I can take much more of this.

Maybe a walk will help. Try to get my thoughts and whatnot together. I don’t know how long I walked for, possibly two hours at least (A.K.A. half-hour) which pretty much got me no where, just tired me out some.I should really go apologize to Allison…I guess. But what if she’s doesn’t take it? What if she still mad at me. Okay after that last bit back there, she has to at least feel somewhat sorry for me. I mean, how much more embarrassing could it possibly get?

“Katie, why aren’t you with the group?” I look up to see Florence Nightingale sticking her head out one of the buildings.

“Oh, hi.” I say looking back down at the ground. “Some stuff happened and I had to leave.”

“Would you like to come in?” she asked. Not really, seeing as this whole walking thing is getting me nowhere, I accept. I walk in to a small little room with just a bed, chair, cabinet and sink. I sit on the bed and she grabs the chair, spins it around and sits down facing me. We just sit there for a moment in silence until she finally says something.

“Allison told me what happened this morning.” She starts this usual conversation and my eyes go to their usual place. The ground. “Allison is only trying to help you; you should go easier on her.”

Okay, this I wasn’t expecting. I was expecting something more around the lines of “ I’m so sorry that happened, Alyssa’s getting expelled.” Yeah, that’d be nice. But no, I’m the one getting scolded, after everything that’s happened. Go figure.

“Right, after everything that she’s done today, she’s taking Alyssa’s side on it. That’s really helping.” I say unable to keep the sarcasm out of my voice.

“I’m not talking about that. I’m talking about her trying to tell you about God. She told me about it when we were walking to find you this morning. She seemed so excited that you were making progress.”

Ugh not you too. I just shrug my shoulders and continue examining the floor boards.

“She really does have your best intentions at heart, and you just blew up right in her face.” I look up, shocked at what she’s saying. “You really should give it another chance.”

I simply shake my head and say. “It’s not my sort of thing.”

“It’s your choice.”

“I guess, but I still don’t understand why I’m having these dreams, let alone the…um…other thing that’s been happening because of them.”

“I’m sure it will be revealed to you when the time is right.”

“You can’t possibly think there’s a purpose for all this?”

“Actually I do, I think there’s a purpose for everything.”

“Look, part of me does want to believe all this, but a bigger part of me says it’s a load of crap.”

“Then let’s focus more on the part that does want to believe it. I know deep down inside, you know we’re not alone.”

Okay, she’s starting to sound like something off of the sci-fi channel. This is getting too weird. But yet, there’s just something that’s keeping me here, curiosity maybe, I don’t know. Whatever it is, it’s giving me goose bumps. She notices this and places her arm on mine. That’s when things really start to get weird.

I’m having flash backs of all the things that’s been happening in my dreams, except from the look on Florence Nightingale’s face, she sees it to.

First I’m at the school and I see the guy ask Allison the question, she says yes and gets killed. I say no and also get killed, I see Alyssa standing behind me.

I’m then in front of God, having to replay the awful feeling of guilt and shame. He shows me my sins, and then I’m sent to hell after he shows how I didn’t accept Him. I feel the pain of the boils and the acid, and the things that are said to me. And then it stops.

I look up and I’m lying on the floor. My head is throbbing; I figure I landed on it. I look around to see what happened. I feel shaky again and am covered in a cold sweat. I look up at Florence, who managed to at least stay in her seat without blacking out.

“Katie, are you alright?” she asks as she stretches out her hand to help me off the ground.

“What happened?” I ask in a shaky voice as I sit back down on the bed.

“Did I just see what you’ve been dreaming?” she asked in a dazed sort of voice.

“Well, what did you see?”

“When I touched you, I saw the school then I saw Allison lying on the ground, then I saw all of these…creatures.”

“Yep.” I say, “That’s the one.” She sits back down and thinks for a moment. She seems just as pale as I am which is saying something because I usually look whiter than Casper.

“Those aren’t normal dreams.” She says finally, almost in a whisper. “Katie, I think it’s trying to tell you something, you need to listen.”

I know this is true, I’m just, I don’t know. Now that this has refreshed itself into my mind, I feel more afraid than ever.I know what their trying to tell me is true, it’s just… I don’t want to admit they’re right I suppose.

“So… what happened out there that made you leave?” she says, bringing up the one conversation I wish she wouldn’t.

“Another public announcement of my lack of self control, and Mr. Lenord only made it worse.”

“It’s not your fault, this isn’t normal what you’ve been experiencing, and maybe it’s just freaking your body out or something. Or maybe, there’s a point to it all. You never know.”

“Okay, I doubt that, but they don’t know that.”

“Are you even friends with these people, or care about any of them?”

“Well, no.”

“Then there’s no point worrying over it, it’s not like your trying to impress these people.”

“It’s still the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to me.”

“I know your right. If it will make things easier, you can sleep in here instead.”

“CAN I? YES! THANK YOU!” I say, practically screaming from excitement.” I was planning on sleeping outside, but this is so much better. I will be eternally grateful.”

“No problem, there’s some blankets in the cupboards over there. Just do me one more favor.”

“What?” I ask, expecting some embarrassing request to clean up afterwards or something.

“Have Allison stay here with you and work things out with her." Phew. That’s it.

“Ha okay. If she will ever talk to me again.” I say, relieved she has not chosen to embarrass me like every one else has.

“Don’t worry about it, she will.” She says, giving me a reassuring smile.

“Thanks again for everything Mrs. Uh… nurse person.” I say, as I realize I don’t even know her name.

“You can call me Amanda.” She says.

“Oh okay. Thanks for helping me through this. It means a lot to me.”

“No problem.” She says as she flashes me another smile. I smile back and leave to go find Allison.I look in the cabin, but it looks like they aren’t back yet.

I try to sit and wait, but I get to antsy and nervous, so I decide to go out and look for her. I walk down the path that leads down to the lake, making sure to keep my mouth closed as I rehearse in my head what I’m going to say to her.

I see them of at a distance, so I take a deep breath and walk over that way, taking my sweet time getting there.I make an attempt at sneaking by people to get to Al, but it doesn’t quite work out that way. Once I’m spotted, the crowd erupts with laughter, which instantly signals to Al and Jaclyn that I have arrived. Great.

“Glad to see you’ve made it back, Miss Devo, we were just discussing the different nutrients that are found in this soil.”

Well to bad I’m going to miss that, really, I would have loved to stick around and listen to you talk about dirt, but I have much more important maters to take care of.

I make my way over to Al, pushing past (a little harder then necessary) the people who are standing there snickering at me.

“Al, I need to talk to you.” I whisper into her ear. She doesn’t respond, she just stands there and pretends I’m not there. “Al really, I really need to talk to you.”

“Well to bad, I’m busy.” She snaps back.

“I want to apologize.”

“Fine, well start talking.” She says, still looking toward the front.

“Not here.” I say as I point back in the direction of camp. She gives me a look of uncertainty then looks back towards the front. Allison is the kind of person who would never break the rules, so she must have been pretty bored if she was willing to sneak out and follow me back to camp, which somewhat surprised me. We walk back to camp in silence and I lead her back over to our bunk beds.

“Look Al, I’m really sorry about what I said. I didn’t mean it.”She looks down and doesn’t say anything.A signal to keep going. “Look. I’ve been thinking about what you said all day, and I think you're right. Al, I’m really sorry about what I said earlier, I swear I didn’t mean it, I’ve just been under a lot of stress from the whole nightmares and whatnot. Then the thing that happened this morning.”

“It’s okay, I forgive you.” Al says after thinking it over for a few minutes as she pulling me into a hug, which I gladly accept while we hang out talking the rest of the evening until Jaclyn came looking for us. I had really almost expected a long drawn out fight with me ending up groveling for forgiveness. Thankfully she’s not one to hold a grudge.

“Well when you two are done being all sentimental over there, dinners being served now, so if anyone cares, I’m going to go get some food. Unlike some people” Jaclyn says as she glares at me. “We had to walk all day so I’m starving.”

“I would have gladly walked instead of being under the conditions that I’m in right now.” I point out.

“Oh yeah, by the way, I’m pretty sure they’re going to pull the covers off you again. So unless you somehow gained some self- control over there, I’d sleep somewhere else tonight.”

“Yeah, I already got that taken care of.” I say.

“What sleeping arrangements or self control?”

“Sleeping arrangements. Amanda’s letting me sleep in her work station tonight.” I say as I get up and starting packing my bag back up.

“Who’s Amanda?” Al and Jaclyn ask at the same time.

“Oh, she’s that person I’ve been talking to.” I say as I get up.

“Please don’t tell me you’ve been having hallucinations with those nightmares of yours.” Jaclyn says as she raises her eyebrows at me.

“No. She’s the nurse person.” I say as I cling to the railing of the bed for support as I make an attempt to walk.

“Oh. You mean Florence Nightingale?” Jaclyn asks.

“Yeah. Something really weird happened when I was in there talking to her today. She touched my arm, and then we both started seeing bits and pieces from my dreams. Then I woke up on the floor.”

“You really are a psychopath, you know that?” Jaclyn says impatiently by the door waiting for us to get ready for dinner.

“Oh, by the way, she says I can stay the night only if you come with me.” I say to Al.

“Oh, well no offense or anything, but there’s no way I’m sharing a bed with you.”

“Don’t worry. It’s too small to fit both of us in there, one of us is going to have to sleep on the floor.”

“Hey I’m doing you a favor. I get the bed.”

“No way it’s mine.”

“In your dreams.”

“In my dreams, you don’t get the bed, you get the body bag.” I point out.

“Ha, let’s not go there.” She says. “And besides, so do you.”

“Which means both of you will be dead, which leaves the bed completely open for me so I won’t be stuck in here with whoever it is that snores. Didn’t you guys hear her last night?” Jaclyn asks halfway through the door motioning for us to hurry up and continue our conversation on the way. “Are we ever going to get to eat or what?”

“Okay okay, we’re coming.” I say as I try not to think about what’s going to happen when I get there. “I didn’t hear anyone snoring last night. I fell asleep pretty early.”

“Ugh. Lucky, it took me forever to fall asleep.” moans Al. “At least I won’t have to deal with it tonight.” She smiles as Jaclyn gives us both a glare. When we walked in, it was normal enough. No one, as usual, paid any attention to our existence. Just the way I like it. Sure, there was the occasional wise crack, like for instance when we were in line. The poor bored people who got stuck with kitchen duty, making a feeble attempt to entertain themselves when they pass out their assigned item.

“Juice for you, Juice for you.” They said as the line moved on. I recognized one of the girls from my cabin. Oh great.

“Juice for you.” She said as Jaclyn passed down. “No juice for you.” Is what was said when I passed. I pass by without argument, not wanting to start anything with that subject. She continues her little chant to the lucky people who get something to drink. Well, the lucky people who don’t happen to be me anyway.

So we go sit down at a table near the back, then something even more surprising happens. Jamie and some of his friends come and join us.

“Hey, what’s up?” he asks me. This surprising me so much, I start choking on my plastic fork.

I’m sooo good at flirting.

After him hearing what I wrote in my journal, I thought he’d never speak to me again. I manage to hold on to what little dignity I had left and say hi back.

“Look, I heard what Alyssa did to you, and we’ve come to help you out.” He said getting to the point.

“What do you mean?” I ask. What could he possibly do to help me? And more importantly, WHY would he want to help me. He flashes me a smile, a smile that says nothing short of revenge.

“What are you planning?” I ask cautiously.

“Oh, just a little something.” He says, trying to sound all innocent and whatnot. “I need to know what she likes and fears.”

“Umm she hates bugs, values her hair with her life, and for some reason has a strange addiction to Pringles.”

I look over at Al who I thought for sure was going to say something against it, but it’s been a surprising day. She seemed totally into it.

“You can put bugs in an empty can of Pringles.” She threw in, which just about shocked everyone at the table. “What? Stop looking at me like that. I have an evil side too you know.”

“Okay, that’s a good one, any other ideas?” he asked.

“Well we have to do the whole hand in warm water thing.” Said Jaclyn, it’s only ironic that she wets the bed.”

“Does that even work? Well whatever, her hair has to go down.” I say. “Let’s put shaving cream in it, it will turn it into a rock.”

“Sweet.” He said. “We need something big though. All the girls in your cabin we’re involved. Let’s hit them all. Except of course you three.” He says, pointing toward us.

“Let’s take all their bras and underwear, dip them in starch, and put them outside in the cold. They’ll turn hard as a rock.” Al said with an evil grin.

We all blankly stare up at Al. Where is she coming up with all this stuff? Has she been holding this evil side inside her all this time? She ignores our stares and continues. "We can name tag them, then throw some embarrassing underwear up there and put their names on it.”

This is really getting scary. I think I’m rubbing off on her. Even Jamie seemed shocked, and he’s the one always going around joking saying there’s a little bit of evil in everyone.

“When good girls go bad.” Jaclyn said in a dramatic voice.

“Okay everyone needs to do something. We need someone to get bugs, someone to get shaving cream, an empty can of Pringles and.” Jamie said trying to not laugh “A bra fetcher. And no, not you two.” He sighs towards Anthony and Josh.

“ Fine. We’ll get the bugs.” Moaned the guys in disappointment.

“I’ll get the bras.” Jaclyn said with a malicious grin on her face as she got up and ran back to the girls’ cabin.

“Okay, me and Katie will sneak into the kitchen later and get the shaving cream and starch. Al you can find the Pringles can and warm water.”

“Alright.”

“Okay, we’ll all meet outside by the oak tree at midnight with all the supplies.”
