Bursting boyfriend

Author: Secret2020

*000*2020-11-19 12:40

I've never done this before, but decided to try some writing myself..

23-year old Dana grabbed her buzzing phone from the table in front of her. It was her boyfriend. He was supposed to be here half an hour ago, but probably got held up at work. She picked up her phone, 'Hi Jason'. 'Dana, hi. I'm so sorry I'm late, it's been really busy all day at the store and on top of that, Brett went home sick a few hours ago. But I'm ready to close up now. I'm just gonna run to the loo, haven' t been able to go all day... and then I'm on my way'. Dana's heart jumped at the thought of Jason holding his pee all day and at the urgency in his voice when he said it. This meant that he didn't pee since 8 am.

It was now 5:30 pm. Jason didn't know about her 'thing' for a cute male holding his full bladder, but they have been dating for quite some time now and Jason has been really open about what he likes, so maybe this was a good upportunity to find out how he thinks about her thing and being part of it. 'See you in about fifteen minutes!' Jason said before making an attempt to hang up the phone. 'Jason, wait! Can I ask you a favor? '. 'Yeah sure, what is it?' Jason responded. 'Can you delay going to the bathroom until you're here? No questions asked?' Dana asked nervously. 'Ehm..I don't know.. I've been wanting to go for a while now. It never happened before, but I'm truly worried about leaking in de car if I wait.' Dana wasn't willing to give up so quickly. 'Please try? It's only a ten minute drive, you can do that, right?' Jason let out a sign through the phone. 'Allright, but then I have to leave now. See you in a bit.'

About ten minutes later Dana saw the car driving into their parking lot. She watched Jason get out of the car, immediately bending over and grabbing his cock through his pants, before taking a sprint to the front door. Dana opened the door for him and Jason rushed in, breathing heavily. 'I haven' t been this desperate for the loo in my life' he claimed, dancing in the hallway trying to take of his shoes. 'My bladder is going to explode'. Dana quickly helped him taking of his coat and shoes and grabbed his arm to take him upstairs before he got the chance to go to the toilet in de hallway. On the way Jason kept grabbing his crotch and couldn't walk without bending over. He moaned repeatedly, trying to hold on without knowing what for. 'I need to go' Jason said urgently when they stepped into the bedroom.

'Just a few minutes' Dana said, aroused from the sighting of her slim, handsome boyfriend holding his clearly overfilled bladder. Due to his fullness and his normally flat belly, she could see the outline of his bladder even with his shirt on. 'Can you lay on the bed?' She asked him. He looked at her, realising what was probably going on. 'You like this, don't you? Me holding off peeing'. Dana blushed, 'kinda'. Dana pulled down his pants since Jason seemed unable to do so himself at his current state. Jason tried to do what his girlfriend had asked and held his throbbing penis tight, slowly laying down on his back on the bed. 'Ahh, I think some came out' he said while doing so, with a shocked face. He removed his hand from his crotch and Dana saw a little wet spot on his underwear. His bulge was huge, his penis throbbing from the pressure. Dana sat down next to him and lifted his shirt, revealing his distended bladder.

It was sticking out of his abdomen multiple inches, up to his navel. Dana was shocked. She knew he could hold quite well, considering his liquid intake and the few toilet visits on regular days, but this was beyond her fantasy. How much was in his bladder? She looked at Jason's face, his eyes were firmly shut, gritting his teeth. His forehead was moist from drips of sweat. His hands clenched into fists next to him, tightly holding the banket he was laying on. 'Hold on a bit longer' Dana said, hurrieing downstairs to get a measuering cup. She really wanted to know how much Jason was holding in his bursting full bladder. Luckily she knew were to find it and was back upstairs in a matter of seconds.

Jason was still laying on the bed, but curled up with both of his hands in his crotch. 'ahh, I'm bursting! Whatever it is you want to do, you need to do it now! I can literally feel the piss in my penis. I can't hold it for more than a minute anymore!' Dana had to act quick. She lend him a hand so he could stand up. 'Can you try to stand up straight?' she asked him, looking at hem bend over with his legs pushed against each other. Without saying a word he tried to do what she asked, able to stand almost straight. It took his toll however, a few seconds spurt of urine escaping his penis through his hands. He managed to stop the flow, his hands firmly around his penis. He tried to stand still, while Dana took a squid position and lifted his shirt once more, wanting to feel his bladder bulge.

She gently put her hand on it, feeling it's shape and firmness, until Jason couldn't take it anymore and started squirming uncontrollably trying to keep his urine inside for Dana as long as possible. He couldn't help but squirt again, for five seconds this time, before he could control himself again. 'Ohh, I'm so full.. I can't hold it in!' He took his throbbing penis out of his boxershort, pinching the tip as hard as he could. Dana knew Jason was well beyond his limit, but just couldn't stop. She was so aroused by his need to urinate and his ability to still hold on and stop the leaks.

She pulled his underwear down to his ancles. 'Let go of your penis and try to hold it' she commended. Jason did as he was told, but immediately started leaking again. Urine kept dropping from the tip of his penis. He could barely stop himself from grabbing his penis again, but resisted the urge. Instead Dana kept a hold on his penis, squeezing it to try and helping him hold on for as long as possible. Jason moaned. 'I have to go so fucking bad... If it wasn't for you I would have printed to the toilet ages ago. I don't know how I'm still holding it all in. The pressure is immense..'

Dana could feel the pressure while holding his penis. It kept throbbing and moving up and down trying to force the urine out. Unable to hold his bladder any longer, urine started to constantly flow out of the tip of Jason his penis, despite the grip Dana had on his penis. 'ahh, it hurts, please let go! I can't stand the pressure!' Jason yelled, jumping up and down. Dana quickly grabbed the measuring cup with her free hand, aimed his penis and loosened her grip. The flow came out full force now.

Wondering if he would still be able to stop, she asked him to cut it off. The stream become a little les forcefull for a few seconds, but wouldn't stop and went full forse again soon. It wasn't before a minute and a half before his steam started to slow down. A few more spurts came out before he was finally empty. Jason let himself fall to his knees. 'Jesus christ, I thought I was going to explode.' Dana looked at the measuring cup, filed with urine to the 1.6 litre mark. 'My god Jason, you really were bursting'. She put the cup down and kissed him, followed by a whisper, 'thank you'.

