Sonadow Omorashi One-Shot: Stuck

Author: Sonadow182

*000*2019-10-05 14:38

A/N: If you want more Sonadow Omorashi One-Shots, just let me know. Maybe you can help out a bit by leaving some ideas or suggestions?

It was a beautiful day on Mobias. The sun was shining down beautifully on the planet, not a cloud in the sky. The ten friends, Sonic, Shadow, Tails, Amy, Rouge, Knuckles, Cream and Cheese, Silver, and Blaze, were all out and about, walking through the beautiful sunlight and relishing in the refreshing breeze. As they walked, they were also playing a little friendly game of Truth or Dare.

“Ok Silver, Truth or Dare?” Sonic challenged the ivory hedgehog.

“Truth.”

“Ok, is it true that you used to have feelings for Amy before Blaze came back?”

“Aaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuggghhhh!” Silver cried out in discomfort, his cheeks turning hot red in embarrassment, the others laughing at his misfortune, while Amy and Blaze also had their cheeks red.

“Well?”

“Oooh, alright, it's true.” Silver squeaked shyly. “If Blaze hadn't come back, I probably would've asked Amy out.”

“I'd be very happy that you moved on.” Blaze admitted warmly.

“And I guess I would've given you a chance.” Amy added with a shrug. “Even though my eyes would still most likely be on Sonic.”

“Mine.” Shadow said possesively as he hugged onto the arm of the azure hedgehog, the others couldn't help but laugh.

“Don't worry Shadow, this was before you two started dating.” Amy chuckled. “I haven't made a move on your man ever since, have I Sonic?”

“Nope, absolutely not. In fact, you've been really supportive.” Sonic agreed, and Shadow noticed that there was no nervousness in his voice, so what he said was true.

“Anyway, Shadow, Truth or Dare?” Amy asked the ebony hedgehog.

“Dare.”

“Ok,” Amy looked around, realizing that they had made their way to the park. It was pretty empty, and the pink hedgehog found the perfect dare. “I dare you to sit in one of those baby swings and let Sonic push you for at least five minutes.”

The others burst out laughing at Shadow's blush. Sonic was smiling sheepishly, a blush on his own cheeks as he pictured his boyfriend in a baby swing with him pushing.

“Well?” Amy challenged with a smirk.

Shadow growled in embarrassment.

“Alright, fine!” He hissed. “Come on, Sonic.”

“Right behind ya’, love.” Sonic chuckled.

Sonic and Shadow made their way over to the baby swing with the others following close behind. When they got to the baby swing, Shadow tried lifting himself up into it, but it was too high.

“Here hun, let Tails and I help you.” Rouge snickered, flapping her bat wings.

Tails spun his namesakes through the air and helped Rouge lift Shadow into the baby swing. There was some resistance, but eventually, Shadow was able to get his legs through the holes in the swing. He settled himself in the seat so that he was comfortable and held onto the chain of the swing. After signaling to Sonic, the blue hedgehog then moved behind his boyfriend and began pushing him, gently swinging him through the air. On instinct, Shadow began swinging his legs up and down, making himself go higher and faster.

After the 3rd minute being pushed by his blue lover, Shadow turned to their laughing friends.

“You know, this actually isn't so bad.” He admitted. “It's actually kinda fun. I just wish my thighs weren't being squeezed to death.”

“Well, as long as you're having fun.” Cream chuckled, Cheese agreeing quickly.

After five minutes, Amy deemed that it was enough.

“Alright Shadow, you can get out now.” She chuckled.

“Aw, but I was having so much fun.” Shadow mock whined.

“Come on, Shads,” Sonic chuckled as he held the swing still. “We gotta let the other kids have a turn too.”

“Oh, alright.” Shadow pretended to sigh in disappointment.

Shadow gripped onto the chain of the swing and tried to pull himself out, but he only succeeded on bringing the seat up with him. Tails and Rouge chuckled.

“Here Shadow, let us help you out.” Tails suggested.

Shadow held his arms up for Tails and Rouge to grab, but when they tried to pull him out, once again, the seat went up with him.

“Ok, Sonic, Amy, while we pull Shadow out, you pull the seat down.” Rouge instructed.

The two hedgehogs nodded and grabbed onto the seat. Once again, the two flying Mobians pulled onto the ebony hedgehog, while pink and blue pulled onto the seat. It stuck fast.

“Ow, ow, ow, ow!” Shadow cried out as his legs felt like they were being ripped off. “Stop, that hurts!”

“Gosh, he's really stuck in there.” Sonic frowned, scratching the back of his head in thought.

“How are we gonna get him out?” Knuckles wondered aloud.

“Try dangling him upside down and shaking him out.” Blaze suggested. “I saw a video once of a girl getting stuck in one of these, and that's what they did to get her out.”

“Great idea.” Silver nodded. “Ok, I'll hold him upside down, Tails, Rouge, you try shaking him out. Sonic, Knuckles, and Amy, you catch him if he falls.”

The others nodded and got into position. Silver used his psychonesis and held Shadow upside down. The blood was rushing the ebony hedgehog's head as he did this, but he didn't really care, as long as it got him out of this ridiculous seat. Tails and Rouge began shaking the seat, but the hedgehog didn't budge.

“It's not working.” Cream gave a sad frown.

“Crap.” Sonic hissed as his boyfriend was gently lowered back down. “How the hell are we supposed to get him out?”

Suddenly, Shadow froze and his face went blank. Sonic noticed this and raised an eyeridge at him.

“Shadow?”

“I need to get out of here… now.”

Sonic was confused on why Shadow was in a rush all of a sudden, when he suddenly noticed his ebony lover trying to discreetly cross his legs. Sonic blushed a light shade of pink as he realized what was wrong.

“Guys, we gotta get him out, and fast.” He told the others.

“Why the rush all of a sudden?” Knuckles frowned. “It's not like the swing is cutting off his blood circulation.”

“No, but there's another problem.” Sonic quietly whispered to them with a hiss. “Shadow has to pee.”

“Oh great.” Amy sighed sadly. “This is all my fault. If only I hadn't given him that stupid dare.”

“Don't blame yourself Amy, you couldn't have known.” Silver assured her.

“Wait, maybe this could be a good thing.” Blaze suddenly chimed.

“What?” Sonic frowned. “How could this be a good thing?”

“If Shadow gets wet enough his legs might be slick enough to slip through the swing.”

Sonic blushed as he realized what this meant.

“There is no way Shads is going to willingly wet himself.” He chided.

“Maybe not, but if we stall long enough, maybe he'll do it accidentally.”

“... You're mean, there's gotta be another way. He'll be humiliated!”

“Come on, it's just us here, we'll understand.” Blaze assured. “There's no other way.”

Sonic sighed as he thought about this. He turned his attention back to his boyfriend. Already, Shadow was starting to squirm a bit, making Sonic blush once more. For some reason, seeing Shadow squirm was really cute. He… kinda wanted to see what it was like if Shadow did end up wetting himself.

“Oh, alright.” Sonic sighed. “But on one condition.”

“What's that?”

“If anyone laughs or teases him after he wets, I get to punch them in the face.” He demanded, his eyes mostly on Knuckles.

“But not me, right?” Cream asked nervously. “N-Not that I would anyway. It's not funny when one of your friends has an accident.”

“Of course not you, Cream.” Sonic assured her gently. “I wasn't thinking about you anyway.”

“Deal.” Blaze nodded. “Now let's get to work.”

Sonic nodded and returned back over to Shadow. As he approached, he took notice of his ebony lover trying to sit still to not give away his desperate need.

“Look Shadow,” He started. “I'm sorry to say that there's no other way to get you out. If there wasn't a chance that we could get in trouble for destroying the swing, I would've had Knuckles do it by now, but we can't do that. We just have to stick to what we've been doing and hope that eventually, it works.”

“Are you kidding me?” Shadow whimpered.

“I'm sorry Shadow.” Sonic whimpered apologetically. “At least it's not cutting off your blood circulation.”

“No but… there's another problem.” Shadow blushed as he bounced in the seat.

“What's wrong?” Sonic didn't know why he asked that. He knew what was wrong, why did he need confirmation from his boyfriend?

“... I… I… I have to pee.” Shadow's face was entirely red.

Sonic gave a small smile as he gently wrapped his arms around the distressed hedgie.

“I promise, we'll try to get you out before it's too late.”

“I hope so.” Shadow whined quietly as he rubbed his legs together.

About fifteen minutes later, Shadow was still stuck. Inch by inch his friends have been able to move him, but it still wasn't enough. The skin on his legs kept getting caught against the sides of the leg holes of the swing, giving him a very painful abrasion. At this point, Shadow was openly squirming. He didn't care if his friends saw him in desperation, he just wanted to get out before he wet himself.

“I can't hold on much longer!” He whined loudly, they were lucky that the park was still empty at the moment.

“Please try to Shadow, we're doing everything we can, honest.” Blaze gently assured him.

“Sshhh.” Sonic gently hissed as Shadow whimpered and whined, tears brimming at the corners of his eyes. At this point, the ebony hedgehog had gone to openly trying to hold himself, but the seat kept getting in the way. “We're trying Shads, we're trying.”

And they were trying. Sonic still wanted to try and get Shadow out before he wet, but it was starting to seem futile.

“Let's try holding him upside down again.” Silver suggested. “It was working a little before.”

The others nodded and began doing Silver's technique again. The ebony hedgie only moved a tiny centimeter before he cried out.

“Put me down!” He screamed.

“Shadow just hold on, love, it's working.” Sonic assured him.

“No! Put me down, now!”

“What is it, hun?” Rouge asked calmly as Silver did as he was told.

Shadow had gone completely silent. His head was hanging down, his ears were pressed flat against his head, and tears fell freely from his eyes.

“I'm sorry.” He whispered so quietly, his friends could barely hear him.

Sonic was about to ask him what he was sorry for, but the sound of liquid hitting the ground answered for him.

“Ooh” The azure hedgehog whimpered in pity as he was forced to watch his ebony lover wet himself.

It was about a full minute before Shadow was finally done. The ebony hedgehog sobbed in embarrassment and his legs were soaking wet. A large wet patch in the dirt turned a dark brown underneath him, and urine still dripped through the holes of the swing.

“Ssshh, don't cry Shadow, it's ok.” Sonic was quick to comfort him. “It was an accident. Come on, don't cry.”

“Can you guys just get me out of here, please.” Shadow whimpered.

The others looked at each other. They all felt incredibly sorry for their dark friend. Never would they have thought that something like this would ever happen to him.

“I'm so sorry, Shadow.” Amy exclaimed. “This is all my fault.”

“Don't blame yourself, it's not your fault.” Shadow shook his head with a sniff. “You couldn't have known. Besides, if it's your fault for daring me, then it's my fault for taking it. We're both at fault.”

“Well, let's try to look on the bright side.” Blaze started. “The urine should've made your legs slick enough to slip through the swing. They shouldn't get caught as bad anymore.”

“Maybe.” Shadow had to agree.

“How are we gonna do this?” Knuckles asked.

“... I hate to say it.” Silver started. “But the technique of turning him upside down was working really well. Maybe it'll work even better now?”

Shadow groaned and whimpered at the same time. By being turned upside down, there was a chance any leftover urine still in the seat will travel up his back. Everybody else knew this as well, but it was the best way to get him out.

“Come on, bae, you know it works.” Sonic told him, gently petting his quills back. “You can get cleaned up when we get home afterwards. Ok?”

“... ok.” Shadow sighed.

With heavy hearts, the others tried getting him out of the swing again. As expected, urine ran down Shadow's back and into his quills, making him cringe in disgust. Tails and Rouge shook the seat, ignoring the little droplets that flung about. Blaze's prediction was surprisingly correct, and they were able to easily shake the ebony hedgehog out of the swing in under a minute.

Shadow fell out of the seat and into Sonic's arms, who held him close in a bridal style and cuddled him.

“Sonic, you'll get urine on you!” Shadow gasped.

“I don't care, you're more important.” The blue hedgehog whispered into his lover's ear. “Come on. Let's get you home and get you cleaned up.”

“We'll form a circle around you guys to hide him.” Tails offered.

“And don't be too sad, Mr. Shadow, accidents happen.” Cream assured him.

“... Thank you guys.” Shadow smiled. “Let's go home.”

