A Night That Luz Will Remember (The Owl House)

Author: SodaBubbles

*000*2023-08-13 01:12

NOTE: All characters are aged up to a respective 18+ range

PLOT: Eda and Luz had been invited to a party in The Boiling Isles, but Luz forgot to pee before they left, and gets into quite the adventure as she tries to ignore her need to pee just to enjoy the party, getting more desperate by the minute.

WARNINGS: No warnings really apply here!

”So, how do I look?” Luz asked as she spun around, wearing a long, glittery purple dress, so long that it touched her toes. She wore a purple and white flower crown to go with, and some white heels. “Woah kid, you chose the perfect outfit for tonight.” Eda said impressed. “Don’t forget, todays the 5 year anniversary of us defeating Belos!” Luz said happily. “Well we got no time to lose, let’s bounce! King, can I trust you alone?” She asked, glaring at the Titan. “Yep! I’ve got company anyways.” He said as he pointed towards Hooty. “Alright, see ya!” Eda said, as she grabbed her staff Owlbert and flew off, along with Luz, who rode on her staff, Stringbean. Eda quickly turned to face Luz. “Luz, are you sure you didn’t forget anything?” She asked with a concerned look, as Luz shook her head No. “No, I’m sure!” She said positively, as Eda smiled.

After about 10 minutes of flying, Luz felt a familiar tingle in her lower abdomen, she did indeed forget something, she forgot to pee before they left. She had a nervous look on her face as she squirmed a bit. “It’s gonna be fine Luz, you can hold it until you get there, easy!” Luz thought to herself as she just relaxed and quickly stopped squirming. They quickly stopped by the Blight Mansion, where the party was being held. They both set theyre staffs by some sort of Palisman area, as they quickly entered, being greeted by Amity, who seemingly blushed at Luz’s appearance.

“Welcome guys! Get yourselves comfortable!” She said kindly, as Luz sneaked a little smooch on the cheek for Amity, which made them both blush, but Luz’s blush wasn’t only from the kiss, it was from her need too. She was turning her head, trying to find a bathroom, but was suddenly pulled away by some guy. “Aren’t you the Luz Noceda? The one who defeated Belos?” He asked her. “Uhm, yeah! I am.” She said kindly. “You did such a kind deed! You know, when I was a witchling, I remember the day he was declared as Emperor.” He said, as he quickly started rambling about the olden days. Luz didn’t know what to do in this situation, all of a sudden, Amity came up to them.

”Hey guys, would you like some drinks?” She asked both of them, the guy gladly took a cup from the plate, as Luz looked at the glass and gulped. She knew this would affect her, but she took it anyways. “Thanks cotton candy haired goddess!” Luz said, which made Amity blush, as she quickly went over to the rest of the guests. Luz looked at the drink in her cup, as she gulped it down.

The guy had been rambling for about 30 minutes now, as Luz was now doing a potty dance, it wasn’t fully visible because of her dress, but only people who knew her well could notice, such as Eda. Eda was talking to Raine as she quickly looked up to check on Luz, as she noticed her wobbling a bit, she looked at Raine. “Could you excuse me for a minute?” She asked them politely, as they nodded. “Of course!” They said politely, as Eda walked up towards Luz.

“I am so sorry, but I need Luz for a favour, could you excuse us?” She asked him, as the guy just shrugged and walked somewhere else. “Luz, are you okay?” She asked her concerned, which received a nod from Luz. “Uh yeah, I’m fine! Just a little.. hot in here!” She said, flapping her hand to indicate it. Eda just shrugged, but then noticed the snacks area, as she noticed a chugging contest. “Oh boy! We have to try this!” She said, quickly dragging Luz towards the snacks area, Luz quickly took one look at the person who was currently chugging some sort of juice, which sent shivers down her bladder.

After a desperate 3 minutes, it was Luz’s turn, she grabbed the cup, that had cherry juice in it, the cup was big, as big as her head. She put it up against her lips, dreading what would happen next. She quickly chugged it as everyone chanted “Chug chug chug chug chug!” After a good minute, she slammed the cup on the table and panted, as everyone cheered, as Eda patted her on the back “that was very impressive! Great job kiddo!” She said, as they continued on with the party.

An hour in, Luz grew more desperate and desperate by the minute. Shifting from side to side. The last few drinks were not a good idea, Eda took notice of this and glared at her. “Luz, why are you doing, well uh, that?” She asked her, confused by what’s wrong with her. “Oh, I’m fine! I’m just, dancing to the music!” She said, as she swayed from side to side, trying her best not to grab her crotch at this rate. Eda Just gave her a confused head tilt, but chuckled. “Oh Luz, you may be 20, but you sure are the kid I first met, all those years ago.” She said sweetly.

About 20 minutes later, the party had now started, and for real this time. People were dancing, doing all sorts of challenges, throwing each other in the air, and way more. Suddenly, it started raining outside, and in The Boiling Isles, its acid rain. The trickles and gushes of the rain made Luz even more desperate, as she started squirming. “Okay Luz, you gotta try and take your mind off of this.” She thought to herself, as she went towards the crowd of the guests, dancing their butts off. Luz started to dance Aswell, but suddenly, Amity grabbed her, one of her hands pressing her bladder, as the crowd started to lift her up, and threw her in the air, as they all cheered “Luz Luz Luz Luz Luz Luz!” Eda took notice of this, as she cheered “Wooooo! That’s my girl alright!” She shouted.

Luz was at her limit. After a good 2 minutes, she was let down from all the throwing and chanting, as she walked towards Eda. “Woah, these people are cray cray!” She said jokingly, as Eda chuckled. “You are the one that’s cray cray kiddo!” She said, as she tickled Luz, which made her grab her crotch instantly and whine. “Agh! No, stop!” She whined, she felt herself leak. This caught Eda by surprise. “Luz, somethings wrong, you can tell me. Do you perhaps need the bathroom?” She asked her sweetly. Luz quickly realised that she just grabbed her crotch, as she found yet another excuse. “No no, it’s just that, I was a bit surprised by that tickle, that’s all!” She said, as Eda just looked at her, but shrugged.

About 2 hours in, Luz was about to pop. She was sitting on a chair, grabbing her crotch, squirming and whining. Her face was as red as a tomato, and tears were welling up in her eyes. Quickly enough, she realised that some of the people she knew at the party, were doing a statement of how much The Boiling Isles had changed since Belos’s passing. Eda came up to Luz and asked her “so, are you ready for this Luz?” She asked, which received a “N- Guh… No…” from Luz.

Now Eda was just simply worried. She rubbed Luz on the back, as she asked her “I can sense somethings wrong, just tell me, okay?” She told her, as Luz nodded. “I Uh.. Hmmm… I’m nervous…” Luz lied once again, and Eda believed her. “That’s fine kiddo, you’ll be alright, say, why do you keep grabbing yourself like that?” Eda points out at Luz’s crotch holding state, as Luz quickly removed her hands from her crotch, which made her leak even more, as a small puddle had formed on th chair, luckily her dress was lifted up so it didn’t get wet. “Oh uhh, I was just, fixing the fabric of the dress?” Luz said, trying to find an excuse.

“You know you can tell me anything.” Eda told her, as Luz just shook her head. “No no r- really, I’m fine!” She said, visibly shaking her leg while crossing them. “A-anyways I g- gotta…. Ah!” Luz started to leak way more, to the point that it started to dribble from the seat, as Luz grabbed her crotch in a hurry, as Eda noticed this, she picked Luz up with her one hand, as she started to frantically look for a bathroom. “Hey hold on, I ain’t a baby! You don’t need to carry me, I don’t need to pee!” Luz insisted “Well you sure are acting like one now, and I literally just saw you leak.” She said, chuckling a bit until she let go of Luz, and let her go into the stall. “I’ll wait out here, alright?” Eda said, standing outside of the bathroom door.

Luz quickly pulled her undies completely off, as she tossed them on the floor, she quickly opened the toilet as she lifted up her dress, doing a potty dance meanwhile, she quickly sat on the toilet as a loud, hard gush of urine hit the toilet bowl. “Ahhhhh… Oh my Titan…” Luz groaned in huge relief.

About a minute later, she quickly wiped up, flushed and washed, and quickly tried to air dry her wet undies under those hand dry-blower things, they were seemingly damp, but that didn’t matter, she put them on and came out of the bathroom. “Feeling better?” Eda asked her concerningly, As Luz nodded. Later on, she would have to do her speech, and she wasn’t nervous anymore.

The end! This one came to mind some weeks ago.

*004*2023-08-13 22:02

{{18 hours ago, RenaOmorashi said:

Its my request finished?

}}

Almost, Just Give It Some Time :3

Perhaps!

