Jenny Holds It On The Bus

Author: SJC Omorashi

*000*2025-07-12 10:13

Jenny Holds It On The Bus

"Whew, shift's finally over!" Twenty eight year old Jenny exclaimed to herself as she clocked out at the punch clock. Jenny had just finished a closing shift at the grocery store where she worked. She wore a pair of blue jeans, and a gray t-shirt, which was the uniform at the store. The time was now eleven p.m. Jenny had a busy evening of stocking shelves. The evening was busier than usual, leaving her with very little time to focus on anything other than her tasks at hand, including her biological needs.

As Jenny was making her way out of the store, she realized her bladder was quite full. Throughout her shift, Jenny had worked up quite a sweat, and drank lots of water and energy drinks to replenish her fluids. She hadn't however peed since the beginning of her eight hour shift. She had been so busy that her bladder had barely crossed her mind, but now it was one of her top priorities. She knew she couldn't go pee now, as the last bus home was coming very soon, and she couldn't risk missing it. 

With no money for a cab, and not wanting to have to stay at work until morning, Jenny reluctantly made her way to the bus stop. She sat inside the bus shelter and waited for the bus. Also waiting at the bus stop, standing outside the shelter was Joseph, a coworker, and crush of Jenny. He wore jeans and the same gray uniform shirt, with a lightweight green jacket on top. While Jenny really liked Joseph, she had barely ever talked to him as she was too shy. His presence at the stop was making holding in her pee so much worse.

Jenny sat inside the shelter waiting for the bus. She tried her best not to show any signs of her desperation. Her bladder's need was quite urgent now though. She shook her leg, fidgeted a little in her seat, but tried no to grab her crotch. Joseph was outside the shelter, not showing much interest in her luckily. "Uh, why does he have to be here now?" Jenny thought to herself. "I don't want him to see me squirming." Jenny tried not to show signs of desperation, until her bladder became too much for her. She had to press both hands against her crotch. She tried to make it seem like this was a pose for comfort, instead of a pose for holding in her pee.

Jenny had been so preoccupied with her bladder, she hadn't even been thinking about where the bus was. she checked the time and the bus was fifteen minutes late! "Where the fuck's the bus? It's the last one home, and I gotta pee fucking bad!" Jenny thought to herself. The bus ride home was about forty five minutes, and Jenny wasn't sure if she could last much longer. The bus soon arrived. Jenny and Joseph boarded. They were the only two on the bus at the time, except the driver. Joseph took his seat, and Jenny made sure to take a seat as far as she could from him, to try and hide her desperation.

As the bus drove off, Jenny was holding herself and squirming. She constantly looked at Joseph, trying to see if he was looking at her. "Fuck I have to piss!" Jenny thought to herself. Luckily for her, their weren't many people waiting at the bus stops, so the bus didn't stop very often. Unfortunately for her, the bus seemed to hit nothing but red lights at every intersection, which was adding time to the commute. "Red light after red, why me why now?" Jenny thought to herself. "I have to go so bad!" Jenny was holding herself and squirming, as her abdomen bulged out against her jeans, and sweat rolled down all over her body.

Sitting down was too much on her bladder, so Jenny had to stand up to relieve pressure. She held on to the safety strap with one hand, and grabbed her crotch with the other. She fidgeted and danced a bit. She looked at Joseph, who luckily didn't seem to be looking in her direction. The bus was still a good twenty minute drive from Jenny's apartment, and jenny wasn't sure if she could make it. Suddenly, the bus made a loud "BOOM!" noise, and swerved for a couple of seconds before the driver slammed on the breaks, and the bus stopped. This immediately rattled Jenny's bladder, and she then began to pee. Luckily, at this point Jenny and Joseph were still the only passengers on the bus.

Jenny Tried grabbing her crotch, but it was no use. The pee began flowing out of her. At first the pee flowed out of her bladder, then it soaked her panties, and then made a small wet patch on her jeans, and then a big wet spot. The pee then started rolling down her legs and dripping from her pants onto the floor, making a puddle. The pee was making a loud dripping noise as it hit the floor. "Fuck! NO NO NO!" Jenny shouted out, as she was having her accident. Joseph, confused by the dripping noise, and Jenny's exclamation, looked at her to see what was going on, and saw her having her accident. Jenny looked at Joseph's direction, and realized that her crush was witnessing her wet herself!

Upon this realization, Jenny began to cry, as the last of her pee made it's way out of her bladder, into her pants and then eventually was added to the large puddle on the floor. Just as she finished peeing, an announcement was played over the bus intercom by the driver, who had been investigating the cause of the bus swerving while Jenny was peeing. "Attention passengers, the bus hit a piece of garbage on the street and has a flat tire. Please exit the bus. Another bus will be here to pick you up shortly." The doors of the bus opened. Jenny ran out the doors crying, followed by joseph.

Jenny was outside the bus, jeans soaked with pee, crying into her hands. "I just pissed myself in front of him!" She thought to herself. "He'll think I'm gross, and tell everyone at work about this!" Jenny was worried what people at work would think of her, as the gossip there was worse than at a high school. Just then Joseph approached her. "Uhh, are you alright Jenny?" He asked concerned. Jenny, still crying, figuring she had no dignity left to lose, let out all her feelings to Joseph. "I know we barely talk, but I have a huge crush on you, and now I just pissed myself in front of you. You probably think I'm disgusting, and you'll probably tell everyone at work and I'll never live this down..." Jenny Sobbed. "Eh, wait a minute slow down..." Joseph said confused, as he had a lot of information to process at once. "First off, I've had a crush on you too for a while." Joseph said smiling.

Jenny stopped crying as she heard this bombshell. "Second, I uhhh..." Joseph blushed as he spoke. "I think its hot when a cute girl needs to pee or wets herself." Joey blushed a bit more. " Jenny began to smile. "Don't worry, what happened here tonight is between you and me, I won't tell a soul." Joseph assured her. "You won't tell anyone I'm into pee stuff?" Joseph asked a little embarrassed. "I won't tell anyone." Jenny replied, feeling a lot better now. "I was getting off at the next stop, my place is a ten minute walk from here." Joseph said casually. "Mine's like an hour walk." Jenny said irritably. "You could come to my place, and get cleaned up, and sleep on my couch tonight if you like." Joseph offered. "That sounds awesome, thanks!" Jenny replied. "Here, take my jacket to tie around your waist." Joseph said handing her his jacket. Jenny tied it around her waist to help hide the pee spots, and they made their way to Joseph's apartment.

The two soon arrived at Joseph's apartment, after making some small talk during the walk there. "You can wear a pair of my p.j.s and sleep on the couch tonight. I'll wash your clothes in the laundry tomorrow." Joseph said kindly. "You can take a shower to get cleaned up." "Uhhh sounds good, but..." Jenny replied sheepishly. "Would you like to help me get cleaned up? And, could we maybe sleep in your bed tonight, if it's ok with you?" She asked blushing. "Oh?" Joseph replied, happily not expecting to hear that. "That sounds awesome to me!" He replied. "Now how about we get you cleaned up?" "Ok!" Jenny replied enthusiastically. The two got undressed and made their way to the shower to get Jenny cleaned up. That night Jenny lost control of her bladder, but gained a boyfriend!

*001*2025-07-12 11:41

Whoops, I forgot to upload the drawings that go with my story.

&&

&&

*003*2025-07-16 00:21

{{On 7/12/2025 at 5:59 PM, Ysabel.y06 said:

So relateable..😭

}}

Have you had similar experiences?

