The Start Of A New Friendship

Author: Sonadow182

*000*2019-10-05 14:55

A/N: So, after posting the alternative story "Sonic X Short: After The Opera" spd243 gave me permission to write alternatives for any of their other stories. Incredibly honored, I took up their offer and wrote a new alternative. This is an alternative ending for "Sega's Embarrassing Moments 2: Shadow: Bathroom Urgency".

%https://www.deviantart.com/spd243/art/Sega-s-Embarrassing-Moments-2-121697808

The Start Of A New Friendship

Shadow's POV

Everyone lined up for the parade near the sidewalks, eager to see it. Parade… I think Maria told me about those things… full of decorations and fun… I wonder what they look like up close. Anyways, Sonic and I stayed behind the crowd, we could still see it from where we were.

“All right Shadow,” Sonic said, “Here comes the parade!”

I was amazed to see how gorgeous, and decorative the parade was. Confetti, dancers, shimmering clothes, it was just as Maria said. As I watched the parade some more, I felt hot and dizzy—dizzy enough to lean forward and hold onto Sonic’s shoulders.

“Hey Shadow,” Sonic said, “What’s the big—are you okay?”

I felt ill, but I also felt dizzy. As I tried to stand myself up, I felt more of the tingling sensation. No longer able to contain it, I whispered "sorry" to Sonic as my urine trickled down onto the sidewalk.

“When you have to go then go,” Sonic whispered, “I’ll make sure no one sees.”

I can’t believe Sonic is doing this for me! As more urine trickled down, I blushed, wondering how embarrassing things can get.

It seemed like forever until my stream finally died, I didn't realize how much I was holding. My legs were absolutely soaked and a large puddle was underneath my feet. My shoes were covered in urine, and my fur smelled like it too.

"Are you ok, Shadow?" Sonic reminded me that he was still there. He was standing right in front of me, his back turned to me as he shielded me from sight.

Though nobody else saw me thanks to him, I was still incredibly embarrassed. My rival just saw me have an accident. No doubt he'll go running to his friends, crying out that the Ultimate Lifeform has a weak bladder. My reputation was ruined. Over the humiliation, I couldn't help myself.

I started crying.

"Oh Shads, it's ok, don't cry." Sonic gasped, spinning around to face me, wrapping his arms around me in a comforting hug. "It's ok. It was an accident. They happen Shads. Come on, don't cry."

"Please…" I whimpered as my tears continued to fall. "Please don't tell anyone."

"I won't. I promise." Sonic whispered to me. Suddenly, he gently took my hand and began walking us away from the crowd, who's attention was still on the parade. "Come on, let's get you cleaned up."

He lead us to a nearby public restroom, I didn't see it before. It had a family room and that's where Sonic brought me into. He closed the door behind us and locked it, then he took off his gloves and set them on the counter, right before turning on the sink. He then reached over to a paper towel dispenser and pulled out a wad of paper towels. He wet them a bit under the running water of the sink, then added a little hand soap to it.

"Here," He said, handing me the wet and soapy paper. "Clean yourself off with this. It'll get rid of the smell too."

Blushing, I nodded and grabbed the paper towels before I sat on the toilet and started scrubbing at my fur, trying to get the urine out.

"Let me see your shoes, Shads." Sonic said to me as he pulled more paper towels out.

Without hesitation, I kicked my shoes off and handed them to the blue hedgehog, who then began to busy himself with scrubbing the urine off of them.

I still couldn't believe that he was helping me like this. I mean, what reason would he have to do so? All he ever did was be kind to me. All he ever wanted was to be my friend, and what did I give him in return? Nothing but hate.

Realizing this made me incredibly sad. My eyes started tearing up again as I realized what a horrible person I was. I let out a soft sob, which didn't go unnoticed.

"Aww Shadow, don't cry." Sonic cooed as he dried off my shoes. He then bent down to my level, cupping my face into his hands. "What's wrong? Are you still upset about the accident? Listen Shadow, it happens. I'm not gonna tell anyone, I swear it. You're not the only one who's had an accident before, it's nothing to be ashamed of."

"It's not that." I whimpered pitifully.

"Then what's wrong?"

"You've always been so kind to me. Always helping me, showing me right from wrong. You've always wanted to be my friend, and I always kept pushing you away. I've been so cruel to you for nothing. I'm so sorry."

I sobbed as I explained myself. I don't know why, but besides Omega and Rouge, Sonic was the only one other I felt comfortable showing my emotions around. My true emotions.

I gasped as I felt Sonic wiping my tears away. I looked at him and he smiled in sweet understanding.

"It's ok, Shads. I forgive you."

Those three little words.

"I forgive you."

Maria was the only one that has ever uttered those words to me. No one else has ever forgiven me before.

I suddenly lost it and threw myself into his arms, wrapping my own around him as I sobbed into his shoulder. Sonic quickly responded by wrapping his own around me, rocking me back and forth as he whispered soothing words of comfort into my ear.

From that moment on, I knew that this was the start of a beautiful new friendship.

The End

