[female/female] Na: a night-time story

Author: sspz

*000*2018-05-30 12:10

Content note: desperation, mild leaking, outside peeing, very mild female/female dominance/submission, marijuana

Previously:

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/41894-femalefemale-ds-a-day-in-the-life-of-na/

###

It's a few years ago, winter. Before we started our full-time lifestyle, before the second washing machine came along. Mistress and I have been together for a year. She was my mistress from the very start, but it took a few months before we came out to each other about our particular interests, and we've been exploring them together.

We're cuddled up in bed, two layered duvets pulled tight against the cold air. This apartment will be a fixer-upper, we decided when we moved in together, and a fixer-upper it is: the windows rattle in the wind and cold drafts creep through the dark room.

It's late, but we're sleepily talking even though we should probably be asleep.

"Na?"

"Mm?" I nuzzle comfortably into her shoulder, enjoying the security of her arm wrapped around me, my pajama-clad legs sprawled across hers.

"Tell me a story."

"Don't know any stories," I mumble. I can feel her smiling.

"Something with pee in it."

"...I can probably do that."

I think for a bit. When we first came out to each other, we discussed how we'd gotten into the whole thing. What hadn't I told her? ...ah, yes.

"So...," I begin, trying to get the words in order in my brain. I'm a writer. It's important for a story to be told right.

###

I first met Melissa in school, but we weren't close. I was the quiet nerdy one who spent her days tucked away in a corner of the playground reading, and she was one of the popular girls - loud, pretty, long-haired, experimenting with makeup and thinking about boys. I didn't think about boys much. I didn't think about her very much, either, although when we were assigned to be partners in class we always got on okay.

But then she turned up at my college a year after me.

I was studying journalism, my parents having told me that literature wasn't much of a career. My first year had mostly been spent in a dorm, by myself, figuring out how to live away from the family home. The course was fun, and I was enjoying the opportunity to write and research, but I'd continued my high school habit of not bothering to seek out close friendships.

Then at the start of the next year, I was in the college shop picking out stationery, stood up, turned around and bumped into this girl. I caught a flash of short tousled hair - purple! - and a surprised look on a tanned face.

"Oh god, sorry! I didn't realize you were..."

"Annabel?"

"Just Anna," I answered reflexively.

"Like, Annabel Smith Anna?"

I stared at her. I was a couple of hundred miles away from home, and so far I hadn't met anybody from my small town.

She stared back for a second or two, then laughed. "Oh yeah. I look a bit different now, I guess. Melissa Alment. I was in your chemistry class?"

"Melissa! ...yeah, you've changed a lot. What...," I said, struggling for words.

"I took a year out and travelled. I know it's a total cliche, but it really changed me. So ... what are you studying?"

The rest of the day was a blur of coffee and catching up, and the rest of the week followed.

We were in our local student bar, the two of us sitting in a comfortable booth, when she first said it. I didn't catch it at first because of the loud music - not something I usually liked, but Melissa had insisted, and I had found myself enjoying it - so I had to lean close.

"I need to wee so bad!" she said loudly in my ear. She raised her half-empty beer glass. "Goes straight to my bladder."

I blinked, then years of caution kicked in, preventing me from saying anything that would reveal my unusual interest in certain biological needs. "So go pee?"

"Nah, look at that queue!" She pointed at the far side of the dancefloor, and between the dancers - girls gyrating, guys awkwardly shuffling - I could just make out several people standing outside the womens' toilets. "I can hold it until the bathroom's free."

More chat. Half an hour later she left the table to go get more beers. She arrived back with two pint glasses, popping one down in front of me, and shuffled back into the booth.

"Can you believe there's still people waiting?," she said as she slurped her beer. If anything, the queue had gotten slightly larger. "I really, really have to go. I mean, I'm not making it any easier on myself," waving her beer in the air, "but it's nice beer and I don't wanna stop!"

Another half an hour of conversation, and she seemed to have forgotten the subject. I was starting to feel my bladder reaching its limit, too.

"Hey, do you smoke?"

I shook my head.

"What about smoking smoking?," she said with a smile.

I blushed. My parents had had a gentle talk with me before I left for college about the dangers that I'd face there: drinking too much, boys, drugs. I'd mostly ignored them, because they all seemed like the kind of thing I'd never even run across.

"Hey, come keep me company," she said, draining the last dregs of her pint and squeezing out from behind the booth table. Near the end, she winced. "Ooh. Bumped my bladder. Still need a wee!"

She wound her way through the crowd, past the line for the bathroom, and out the door. As I passed, I couldn't help notice that one of the women in the bathroom queue was unashamedly holding herself and bouncing up and down. I tried not to stare, and followed Melissa outside. She smiled at the bouncer, then walked quickly away, heading for the corner of the building some tens of yards away; I rushed to follow her.

Around the corner was a narrow, dimly-lit alley, cluttered with small dumpsters and garbage cans for the bar. As we walked in, I caught a faint waft of stale urine, and wrinkled my nose, but the breeze blew the smell away quickly. Melissa leaned against the wall near the corner, just out of view of the bouncers, and produced a mysterious plastic object from the pocket of her denim jacket.

"Anna... have you never been around people smoking weed before?" I realised I was probably staring.

"Um... no," I said quietly. "I mean, you knew me at school, right?"

She laughed. "Alright. This is a grinder for breaking it up." She split the plastic object in two, showing me an inside full of blunt circular teeth.

"'Scuse me." I watched, fascinated, as she hiked up her short red skirt, and tried to strike a balance between not staring at her plain black panties, versus not seeming like a prude and looking away.

"I keep my weed in here so I don't lose it if I get searched." A tiny pouch hung from a fabric belt under her skirt; she unzipped it and pulled out a tiny baggie filled with plant material. She pinched a small amount out of the bag, stuck it in the grinder, replaced the bag, smoothed down her skirt. The grinder split in half, the weed went in the grinder, she gave it a few twists, then opened it again - "Ta-da! Hold this for a sec."

She passed me the grinder and I held it gingerly as she rifled through her jacket pockets, producing what my parents would have called 'paraphenalia' - a lighter, rolling papers, a pouch of tobacco. I had a mental image of the look on my parents' faces if they saw me - not only being around drugs, but actually holding them!

"'Na, you look so shocked," she said with a wide grin. "It's really cute. Don't worry, I'm not going to force you to smoke any if you don't want to." She extracted a rolling paper, filled it with tobacco, took the grinder back, sprinkled its contents on top, rolled the paper up, licked the end, sealed it shut.

"And this, small town girl, is what we call a spliff." She stuck it between her lips and lit it, breathing out a cloud of fragrant smoke. It smelled surprisingly nice.

A few puffs later, she held it up, the ember on its end glowing dull in the dim light. "So... do you want to try some?"

I shook my head. "No thank you." I thought about it some more, then added, "Not right now, anyway."

"Okay," she said, "but can you hold this for a sec, then? I need to take care of something."

She pushed herself off the wall and handed me the spliff - surprisingly light and fragile-seeming. I held it delicately as she walked further into the alley; by instinct, I trailed along behind.

Melissa walked behind one of the dumpsters, with me in tow, then stopped and looked around. "That queue in there is serious," she said. "By the smell of it, I'm guessing this is where people end up going instead. Excuse me again."

It took me about a second to figure out what was going on, as Melissa pulled up her skirt and slid down her panties. I had just enough time to glimpse the outline of her body, dimly lit, before I unfroze, turned away, and stepped around the corner of the dumpster.

"Sorry!"

"Don't worry, I'm not shy about weeing in front of people." There was a pause, then a trickling noise which rapidly grew to a loud splashing. Out of the corner of my eye I could see rivulets of pee flowing across the alley. "I've had to wee in much more public places than this before! Ah god, that's better - I needed to go so bad."

The splashing slowed to a trickle again, then stopped; a pause, then the rustling of fabric. Melissa stepped out from behind the dumpster and gently took the joint out of my fingers. "Thanks, lovely."

I realized my own bladder was very full, too. I spent a few seconds debating whether I should go here, or brave the line inside, or maybe just try and hold on for the rest of the night. Normally I wouldn't have dreamt of peeing with somebody nearby, but I felt pleasantly relaxed from the beer and Melissa's company, plus she had already set a precedent...

My bladder decided for me, twinging hard. I pressed my legs together, and practically ran around behind the dumpster. I fumbled with the belt of my corduroy pants, cursing the decision to wear a fabric belt with a complicated sliding latch - the beer wasn't making this easier, either. My top button gave me similar trouble, and having to press against my tummy to undo it made the situation even worse.

I could feel my bladder start to relax, anticipating the release to come, and I clamped down hard to prevent an accident - a second too late. A little dribble of pee escaped, sudden warmth spreading across my crotch. Panicked, I yanked my trousers down and squatted. A second of unclenching then ... bliss.

Once I had finished enlarging Melissa's puddle from earlier, the rivulets crossing the alley had turned into wide stripes. I dug in my jeans pockets and realized I didn't have anything to wipe with. I was about to call out to Melissa to see if she had a tissue, before looking down and realizing that I'd just dampened my panties anyway, and a little more probably wouldn't make much difference. I pulled up panties and trousers, feeling a bit weird as the damp fabric touched my skin. Hopefully I wouldn't smell of pee.

By the time I emerged from behind the dumpster, Melissa was nearly finished her joint. She took one last drag, then stubbed it out and flicked the end into an open garbage can.

"All good?"

"Yup."

We started to return to the bar. As we walked out of the alley, she looked at me. "You're blushing like mad. What's up?"

Very conscious of my accident earlier, and emboldened by beer, I blurted out, "I didn't quite make it in time."

She giggled. "Oh dear. How bad?"

"Only a tiny bit."

"Oh, that's fine. I probably leaked more than that when I bumped the table earlier."

My cheeks felt like they were burning. I said nothing, and tried very hard not to think about her peeing through those black panties onto the booth seat, or about how damp those panties were under her skirt.

"And besides, with those black corduroys, you could full on wet yourself and nobody would notice."

She took my hand and led me back into the bar. It was probably good that she was in front of me, so my stunned expression wasn't quite so obvious.

The rest of the evening passed in a blur. The bathroom queue vanished, so we didn't need to resort to the alley again. Melissa even got me up on the dance floor, dancing happily while I shuffled around selfconsciously. I found myself admiring her curves as she swung her hips, and started to wonder if perhaps she was into girls. Probably not, my mind told me sternly. Hadn't she had a couple of boyfriends at school?

She walked me back to my dorm, both of us really quite merry. At the door, she gave me a long hug.

"I've had an awesome night."

"Me too," I replied. "Thanks for dragging me out."

"My pleasure!" Still hugging me, she turned her head and gave me a kiss on the cheek, her lips warm against my skin. I couldn't decide whether I should try and return it, and by the time I'd made up my mind, she had let me go and was starting to walk away.

"See you tomorrow lunchtime? Hope your hangover's not too bad!"

"Yep, I'll be around. Goodnight!"

Into dorm, into room, brush teeth, shower, rinse off dampened panties, into pajamas, into bed. I fell asleep almost instantly, and dreamed about kissing Melissa.

###

"She wasn't into girls in the end," I say sleepily. "But we stayed best friends until the end of college, when she headed over to Europe to work. And more stuff did happen. Maybe I'll tell you about that some other night."

"Good story," mistress murmurs in my ear. "Thank you, Na."

She kisses my forehead, gently. "Goodnight, sweet thing. Sleep well."

"Goodnight, mistress."

*002*2018-06-02 09:18

Thank you :) it was really fun to write! I don't have a lot of time for writing at the moment (as is probably apparent by the fact the last installment was in January) but I've definitely got more ideas queued up :)

