Axol at smg4's house omorashi

Author: stephiekitty20

*000*2019-10-18 10:14

This is for Nick_Donovan

Hope you all enjoy.

Axol went to smg4's house because he wanted to get to know him more. he knocked on the door and glitchy opened it.

SMG4: hey axol, how are you?

Axol i'm doing very good.

SMG4: would you like to come in?

Axol: yes I would.

A little while later smg4 was telling axol about his family.

SMG4: so I have a brother who looks like me and a sister and their names are slg4 and smg4's minion.

Axol: wow that's so cool. I wish I have a brother or sister.

Axol then have the urge to pee but it wasn't too bad yet he thought. he thought wrong. sometime later axol had his legs crossed and he was squirming a bit and he hoped glitchy didn't notice.

SMG4: uh axol? is something wrong? because it looks like you have to--

Axol: no I don't.

SMG4: are you sure?

Axol: yes! well maybe... no, not really.

SMG4: well the bathroom is down that way. at the end of the hallway.

Axol gulped as he saw how long the hallway was.

SMG4: axol? you alright?

Axol didn't answer smg4's question and he got up and tried to walk but he fell down.

SMG4: AXOL!

Axol's bladder gave up and before axol and react he was peeing on smg4's floor.

SMG4: axol?

Axol: oh no! no no no! not right now! not on smg4's floor!!

A yellow puddle was growing on smg4's floor as the floodgates kept going.

Glitchy was less worried about the pee on his floor and more on his friend.

When the pee stopped axol was blushing.

Smg4 helped his friend up.

Axol couldn't believe what just happened.

Axol: i'm sorry about this glitchy.

SMG4: it's ok axol. hey I know what will make you feel better.

So smg4 told axol about the time he almost had an accident himself. and it worked axol was glad to know he wasn't the only one.

SMG4: come on axol you can clean up here and don't worry it's our little secret.

Axol knew he can trust smg4 and smg4 can trust him too.

