My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*000*2022-03-04 17:32

In this thread, I will be posting a few of the fics I've written as commissions. (If you would like one, send me a DM and we can discuss it.)

Jessica's Strength

I’d only been dating Jessica for a few weeks when I noticed it. It was something most people probably wouldn’t have picked up on, or at least not so quickly, but as a guy with certain… interests, I couldn’t help but pay attention to the matter.

Jessica never excused herself to use the bathroom.

No matter how long we were out together, no matter how much we had been drinking, Jessica never took any pee breaks. There was a day we went hiking from before the sun rose until after it had gone back down, and during that time I’d had no choice but to water the grass a few times myself. But, Jessica never did.

It was not, as I’d assumed at first, a matter of her being shy. Years of being entranced by the wriggly dance moves of full-bladder’d women had made me very skilled at noticing even the most subtle of squirms. Jessica though, she didn’t fidget at all that day. No toe tapping, no leg crossing, no foot bouncing… Nothing. She looked to all the world like she simply just didn’t need to go, even as the hours wore on and the amount of water she’d had to drink grew. There was no urgency to leave the hiking trails, nor any visible discomfort as I drove her home. Jessica hadn’t held it all day because she had an aversion to peeing outdoors, Jessica had held it all day because she just… Could.

I admit I started to take her on even longer outings, curious as to where her limit may have been. But, her bladder seemed to be bottomless. Finally, one evening at a restaurant, after I’d returned from the restroom myself, I asked her outright if she was sure she didn’t have to go yet herself.

Jessica just shrugged at me. “Not really, Chase,” she said, taking another swig of her drink. She said as if it wasn’t at all unusual that she could continue holding her bladder after several hours spent swallowing what must have been half of her own body weight in liquid. “I don’t usually have to go that often.” She was so ridiculously nonchalant about the whole thing that it only made me more curious. The confidence she exuded made it seem like she must have never overestimated herself, had never gotten into a bad spot in which she’d been unsure if she could actually make it to a toilet in time.

My fascination was piqued, and I wanted to continue the conversation, but out of fear of her finding me weird, I held my tongue. When my gaze flicked down around her midsection and I swore I saw a small bump there that hadn’t been present before, I told myself it was my imagination.

For a while, I fantasized about Jessica finally overdoing it. Drinking one too many sips, passing up one too many pee breaks, and finding herself squirming and on the very edge of letting it all out into her pants. A common element of these imagined scenarios was that Jessica’s stubborn nature would never wane, she would continually insist that she could indeed hold out as long as it took, even as her hands wedged themselves between her tangled legs and her face grew pink and flushed with needy urgency.

For the longest time, this image remained confined purely to the realm of my daydreams. It seemed like Jessica’s limit couldn’t be reached, because Jessica did not actually HAVE a limit. Her bladder must have been that of a superhuman’s, because even after a thirteen hour hike followed by four more hours stuck in traffic, she was perfectly fine. When I hastily pulled over at the first gas station I saw and scrambled from the car, I turned back to look at her for a moment, shifting on my feet.

“Go ahead, Chase,” she said calmly. “I’ll wait here.”

I was stunned. Here I was, absolutely bursting after the long hours stuck in traffic even after going numerous times today, yet somehow she was STILL holding off. This time, when I got back to the car and noticed a bit of swelling around her navel, I knew I wasn’t just imagining it. Her bladder was full enough to protrude, yet still not full enough to truly bother her.

That was the day I became certain I would never have the pleasure of seeing Jessica reach her seemingly impossible limit.

But, I was wrong.

We took a week long trip about a month ago, and by far my favorite part of the vacation was when I at last got to see Jessica really squirm.

The first sign that anything was amiss came right at the beginning when we were going through airport security. The tiniest, most subtle indication that Jessica was feeling slightly uncomfortable; One I easily would have missed had it not been something I was always on the lookout for. Her hips swayed very slightly, and she let out a small groan.

Immediately, I asked her what the matter was. She shrugged and said she’d forgotten to use the restroom before leaving her home that morning. Nor had she gone before bed the previous night. The last time she’d urinated had been around lunch the day before. This information was stunning to me, and I was instantly performing the mental calculations to guess at how long she’d already been holding off her body’s need; It was certainly much, MUCH longer than I could ever handle.

I was, of course, very excited by this situation that had suddenly fallen into my lap. This was the first time I’d ever heard Jessica allude to the fact she ever NEEDED to pee at all, and my dick was eager to do all of the thinking for me now. My heart, however, was louder. As much as I wanted to see Jessica writhing and holding herself, I was not a cruel person. The airport had toilets, after all. And as soon as we were through security, she could go use one of them.

As we headed towards our plane, we passed a sign pointing towards a set of restrooms. I jerked my head in its direction. “Go ahead,” I told her. “I’ll wait.”

To my utter astonishment, Jessica just shrugged at me the same way she had the first time I’d ever inquired about her bladder. “It’s no big deal, Chase,” she said. “I can wait. I don’t want to miss the flight.”

I tried not to let any of my shock register on my face, but I’m sure it must have been there. She’d told me just a few minutes ago that it had been a ridiculously long stretch of time since her last pee break. If I’d ever been stuck waiting as long as she already had been, I would be doubling over and begging anyone who would listen for an empty bottle. But, Jessica was still somehow okay.

But then I remembered the plane would have a toilet on board, and reasoned she probably just intended to go there when there was no longer any chance that we’d miss the flight.

I was wrong.

Jessica sat beside me, the only indication that she was feeling even the slightest hint of distress being the somewhat tight grip she had on her seat’s armrest. When the plane took off, the rocking and bouncing jolting my own bladder that had felt perfectly empty all this time, I looked to her in concern. Still, she looked pretty calm. Once the seatbelt lights dinged off, I started to stand up so she could leave the aisle.

“While you’re up, ask the flight attendants if they have any bottles of water, alright?” Jessica said.

I gaped at her. “I thought… Don’t you have to—“

“A bit,” Jessica said. “But, I can wait. I’d never use the bathroom on a plane, it’s way too cramped in there!”

If I’d been holding my bladder for over half a day, I doubted if I would care how tiny the bathroom was, just so long as it was a bathroom… “You… Want water?”

“Yeah, I’m thirsty,” Jessica nodded.

Still utterly perplexed by the choices Jessica was making, I went to the front of the plane to ask for a water bottle. I passed the restroom, and I did need to go after that bumpy take-off… When I stepped inside to alleviate my own discomfort, it felt somehow wrong. Jessica no doubt needed to be in here a lot more than I did… But, this was all her decision, I reminded myself.

Once I’d finished up at the toilet and had gotten Jessica her water, I returned to my seat. She snatched the bottle from me and cracked it open, drinking it down quickly. I couldn’t help but think that surely the last thing her body should have been asking for was more liquid, but within a minute the bottle was empty and Jessica was calmly looking out the window. Every so often, she’d dig her nails into her armrest a little more, but other than that there was no indication that anything was bothering her.

A few hours later, the flight landed. I was certain that the shakes and jolts of the plane would leave Jessica in agony, but if they had, she showed no sign of it. I checked my watch, it was nearly noon. If Jessica had told me the truth earlier— and I had no reason to think she’d lie to me about this— then she hadn’t peed in almost a full twenty four hours now. Yet, she was acting like her bladder was dry as a bone.

We exited the plane, and I didn’t even see Jessica give the restroom a longing glance on our way out. As we walked through the airport to get our bags, we again passed a set of restrooms, and I stopped in front of them. Jessica paused and glanced back over her shoulder at me. “Go ahead, Chase,” she said. “I’ll go get our stuff. I don’t mind.”

“Don’t you need—“

Jessica turned around fully to face me and the restrooms she surely MUST have needed. I thought, certainly, she was going to give in now. But, she frowned, shook her head, said “Eh, the line for the ladies’ is too long. We’ll be at the hotel by the time I get through that.”

I looked over at the line. It was a bit long, I admit. And, I also have to admit I stared at the woman at the very back of it— a cute girl with intensely crossed legs— a little more than I probably should have. But, even if the line WAS long, after twenty four hours without a piss, how could THAT really matter to her anymore?

“There’s no line for the guys’,” I pointed out. “I could keep watch for you while you—“

Jessica laughed. She actually laughed. “Heh, Chase… Come on, it’s not that bad. Don’t worry about it.” And then she kept walking. Dazed, I followed after her.

After we’d gotten our bags, we took a cab to our hotel. There was a bit of traffic along the way, and I thought to myself ‘Oh, now it’s going to hit her.’ I looked over her as we sat at a standstill, certain her expression must have fell as she realized the mistakes she’d made. But, no. She was instead staring out the window, delighted by the sights of the new location. One knee jiggled, but just slightly, and for all I knew it was only from excitement.

Once in the hotel, we took the elevator up to our room, where I was sure Jessica would be making use of the toilet first thing. But, she made no move to use it.

Not that she could have, anyway. When I walked into the bathroom myself, I saw that the thing was clogged. I cringed as I called the front desk to come fix it for us. “I’m sorry,” I said to Jessica once I was off the phone. “They said they’ll take care of it soon.”

“I’M sorry,” Jessica said back. “Do you really have to go now? We WERE in traffic for a long time. If it’s an emergency, we can try to find somewhere else for you before we unpack.”

I… Did need to pee again by then, but couldn’t believe she thought that it was ME I was concerned about right now. “Jessica, you haven’t peed in, like, a day,” I reminded her, astounded that she appeared to have forgotten that.

“I know,” Jessica said. “But, I can wait. If there’s nowhere to go, there’s nowhere to go.”

I considered for a moment if, perhaps, she was just trying to ACT like she was okay right now. Inside, she was bursting, surely. Maybe her asking me if my own need was so severe that we had to go search the city for an available bathroom RIGHT now was just a ruse so she could find one for herself without having to admit how bad it was for her? If that WAS it, then I had no idea how she was managing to maintain the appearance of a person with a perfectly manageable bladder, but it was the only thing that made any sense…

I decided to test my theory a little. “Well, I’m fine,” I said. “I can wait until they fix it. Or at least until after we unpack.”

I swear I saw disappointment flash across her face then. Only a little bit, the ghost of a frown tugging at the corners of her lips, and only for a second, if I hadn’t been watching her reaction so carefully it would have flown right by me. “Oh,” she said. “Okay.”

As we unpacked our things for the week, Jessica reaching to put our clothes onto hangers in the closet, I watched as her shirt rode up slightly and exposed her midriff… Along with an utterly painful-looking round bump straining there. More than a day’s worth of pee sloshing and squeezing away inside her, and yet she seemed in no real hurry for that toilet to get fixed.

She caught me staring, and I looked away. I’ve been desperate for a piss before lots of times, but I don’t think I’ve ever literally swelled up from it before. I just kept thinking to myself ‘If THAT was in me, I’d be doing whatever it took to get relief— Hell, I’d probably be pissing my pants.’ But, Jessica was neither freaking out, nor were there any wet spots showing on her shorts. How was she so okay with this?

Once everything was unpacked, the guy still hadn’t come to fix the toilet, and now even my confused but enraptured enjoyment of Jessica’s current state was enough of an incentive for me to keep holding my own bladder— I’d been giving the decorative vase in the corner a few longing glances for a while now. “Actually, I think now I really DO have to find somewhere to go,” I admitted.

Jessica nodded, and let me know that she was hungry anyway. So, we quickly found ourselves at a restaurant and as soon as we were shown to a table, I hastily excused myself. I really shouldn’t have been surprised when Jessica failed to follow me, but I still was. I’d gone— What, three hours ago? And already I was all too eager to get to a urinal. Jessica had been holding out for over a day and wasn’t knocking me to the side as she ran for the women’s room?

Speaking of the women’s room though, when I passed its door on the way to the men’s, I saw that it was currently out of order just as the toilet in our room had been. Wow, poor Jessica, I thought. But, I supposed if she ever finally broke down and admitted that she seriously needed to go, I could stand guard for her while she used the men’s…

After I’d relieved myself and returned to the table, I let Jessica know that the women’s restroom was closed. The only indication that she considered this to be bad news was a slight crinkle of her eyebrows. “Oh, that sucks,” she said. “Anyway, I ordered appetizers while you were gone. Onion rings are okay, right?”

Onion rings were definitely okay. I just couldn’t understand how JESSICA was. “Um… If you really have to go, I’m sure they won’t mind if you use the men’s instead…”

“I can wait,” Jessica assured me. Over the course of our meal, however, my confidence in her bladder was nowhere near the level of her own. I felt her accidentally kick my ankle a few times as she jiggled and crossed her legs around underneath the table. She seemed a bit more wary of her drink now than she’d been earlier on the plane, and took smaller, careful sips.

“Jessica,” I said. “Are you sure you’re—“

“I’m fine!” Jessica said, her tone was as stubborn and confident as ever, but there was a tiny shake in her voice that I’d never heard before. “I can hold it however long I need to, don’t worry about me.”

“But, you don’t NEED to hold it right now,” I said. “That’s the thing. If it’s an emergency, nobody will care if you go into the men’s room. I’ll even make sure nobody comes in—“

“I don’t HAVE emergencies, Chase,” Jessica told me firmly. “I can’t have something like this control me. If it isn’t time for me to go, then I don’t go. That’s all there is to it.”

Her logic was perplexing to me, and I wondered briefly if perhaps the urine was infecting her brain somehow and hindering her ability to think rationally. She was obviously very, very uncomfortable now. I could no longer see her midsection with the table in the way, but I was sure the bump there had grown. I couldn’t even imagine the level of pressure she must have been feeling, what must have been gallons of pee pushing against one thin ring of muscle…

We ate our meal, and each time I lifted my glass and the liquid in it sloshed, I saw Jessica do a little bounce in her seat. She clearly had to go, she clearly had to go BAD, and I was just… Astounded that she hadn’t said anything along the lines of “Chase, keep watch for me, I’m gonna go use the men’s” yet.

After we’d finished and had paid, I gave Jessica one last look and nudge towards the restrooms. She was obviously in a bad way now. When she stood from the table, her knees knocked together, and then her legs crossed at the ankles. She took small half-steps, very careful so as to not disturb the thrashing ball of tension inside her. “You want to go before we leave?”

Jessica just shook her head resolutely. “I’ll wait, Chase. Seriously. It’s not a big deal.” But, it sure LOOKED like a big deal to me. Her top was now pushed up a little, unable to lay flat with the bulbous bulge of her bloated bladder in the way. She was jiggling in place, swaying from side to side. She was doing a blatant example of a pee-dance, but her attitude about it remained calm and unbothered. It was less ‘Ohhh, I can’t hold it, I can’t hold it! I gotta go NOW!’ and more ’Well, I guess I’d better move around some now to help keep this in however long I need to.’ She was desperate—utterly so, but she met it with pure acceptance instead of panic.

I was overcome by how strong she must have been, not just physically, but mentally as well. If I was that full of piss, I’d be a complete mess. I’d be near tears from the pain of it all alone. I’d be on the verge of hyperventilating as I imagined the embarrassment I’d feel if I lost it and soaked myself in the middle of this restaurant. But, Jessica’s face remained non-plussed, a stark contrast to the endless, twitchy squirms happening through the rest of her body.

“Well, the toilet at the hotel ought to be fixed by now,” I said. “Wanna head back?”

This, she agreed to. We returned to the building, stepped into the elevator and hit the button for our floor, and when the elevator suddenly came to a grinding halt before it had reached its destination, Jessica finally let a bit of her dismay show. She moaned. But, it wasn’t a pained moan, not a ‘Oh, God no! I’m gonna piss myself now!’ kind of moan. It was… Just an annoyed moan, the sort of sound one would make if they realized they’d bought the wrong brand of paper towel. The sort of sound one made when faced with a minor inconvenience that, while irritating, was by no means a catastrophe. “Cheap piece of junk,” she mumbled.

“I’m sorry,” I said to her. She must have been putting on an act. She MUST have been. No one could be strong enough to find themselves stuck in an elevator with at least twenty eight hours worth of boiling piss contained within their bladder and only see it as a mild annoyance. “Look, if you can’t wait, I promise I won’t… Think less of you or anything.”

“I CAN wait,” Jessica insisted. “Trust me,” she added. I did trust HER. I trusted that she truly believed that she could hang on however long this took. But, I didn’t trust her bladder. Her legs were twisted like a corkscrew, she hadn’t held still for even a second since we’d stepped inside this thing. And, as soon as she’d gotten those words out, her hands had cupped themselves between her legs, pressing firmly into the material of her shorts. One hand released its tight hold for a moment to move to the button, threading it through its hole. The zipper came down next, granting the firm, hard ball of her bladder a little more space. I saw the bulge in her middle had somehow grown since we’d left the restaurant. “Trust me,” she repeated. “I really DO want to pee right now, but there’s nowhere for me to do it, so I’ll wait.”

I didn’t miss her choice of words. She ‘wanted’ to pee right now. She didn’t ‘need’ to do it. Maybe that was how she managed to do this? She told herself that her obviously dire need to visit the bathroom was nothing more than a desire, instead of an urgent requirement? Was that it? Was this all just a seriously extreme case of ‘mind over matter’, and that if she could only convince herself that her bladder was inconsequential and easily managed, then it would really be so?

Whatever the case, I decided that I should just let myself enjoy this. Who knew when I’d next get to see my iron-bladder’d girlfriend squirm and writhe like this? If she wasn’t going to freak out, then I told myself that I shouldn’t either. She bobbed up and down on her feet for several minutes, then she started pacing from end of the elevator to the other. Once that seemed to stop helping, she just stood in one corner, feet continually lifting one after the other as if she was marching. All the while, her hands stayed cupping against herself, fingers straining to plug up her no-doubt aching urethra.

I wondered if she’d leaked at all yet. Certainly, if it had been me, the crotch of my pants would be utterly sodden by now. But, if there was one thing I’d learned through all of this, it was that Jessica’s bladder was absolutely nothing like my own. So, for all I knew, she was still as dry as the Sahara.

At some point, Jessica crouched down in her corner, the position eerily similar to the one she’d take if she was popping a squat to relieve her bladder outdoors. I thought ‘Uh oh, this must be it…’ and started to turn to give her some privacy for what was sure to be a very embarrassing accident. But, I heard no hissing spray of liquid, no splashing, no sighing, nothing that indicated Jessica had started to go. When I turned back around, she was just kneeling there, hands cupping her groin as she rocked back and forth. Sweat had begun to roll down her face and back, and before long she was sitting atop her foot, heel pressing against herself while she jiggled and bounced.

I wanted to give her some kind of reassurance, so I said “It should start moving soon.”

And then, just as she’d done all day, she shrugged her shoulders. “Probably. But, if not, I’m fine.”

I wondered how much longer whatever mind game she had going would continue working for her.

I needn’t have wondered, because within a few minutes we were moving again. Jessica made a small grunting noise at the sudden jolt as the elevator resumed its ascent, and she very slowly drew herself back up until she was almost standing. She could no longer stand up all the way, and stayed in a tangled, half-hunched over position. But, the fact that she could get herself up again at all was stunning. As the doors dinged open, I heard her taking small in small breaths through her mouth, as if to steady herself for the walk to come.

Had it been me, I would have made a run for it, leaking little spurts the whole way to my room, desperate as all Hell to at least finish in the toilet. But, Jessica took slow, measured steps, like she would if she were trying to balance something precariously in her hands as she moved. I supposed she WAS sort of trying to walk and carry a sloshing, overfull glass of water at the same time in a way… I could see her seemingly taking the time to calculate each step, setting her feet down gently in order to ensure her bladder was not jolted anymore than it needed to be.

Her hands kept straining hard against the crotch of her shorts, still unzipped and unbuttoned so that the straining ball of piss inside her wasn’t being squashed or restrained. Her every breath was measured, her hips shifted, her thighs twitched. Anyone who saw her would be able to tell she needed a bathroom, but her expression remained equal parts calm and determined. I could tell by the look on her face that she’d come too far to lose now. She was going to make it, she was not going to allow her bladder to win this round. She was in control, not it. And that was stunning. For me, my bladder was usually the one in control. When I had to go, I had to GO. There was no room for negotiation, no chance for me to argue or try to will my need away until it became more convenient.

But, Jessica could clearly do all of that and more, and that was a level of strength I had never seen before in anyone. I unlocked the door to our room for her, and glanced to the side to see if the toilet was fixed. I now knew that, even if it wasn’t, Jessica would probably just sit down on the bed determined to wait it out, but I still hoped that her ordeal was over.

The toilet was indeed fixed by then, and I let Jessica know as she slowly hobbled into the room. She blew a gust of air out through her mouth, and the hint of a smile graced her lips. She immediately turned to enter the restroom, and since she’d already unzipped her shorts in the elevator, she was able to yank them down right away. Her cheeks slammed onto the seat of the toilet that, while Jessica herself had been rather nonplussed about, her bladder had been crying for for over a day.

The first sounds to come out of that room were a few little plinks as the first drops of pee hit the water. Then, a slow drizzle that built and built into an ear-splitting hiss, like rain gushing against a tin roof. My head whipped around to the source of the noise, my brain and dick yearning to know how much piss Jessica had managed to restrain inside herself for the last thirty hours, and how she looked as she let it all finally pour out.

I expected her eyes to be rolling back in her head, I expected her mouth to be hanging open, her tongue lolling out, moans firing from her throat— I know I’VE definitely made a few funny faces and intense sounds while pissing before. But, instead, she was taking deep, cleansing breaths, an utterly satisfied and proud smile on her face. She looked like she’d just run a marathon and had gotten first place, she looked triumphant, content, and maybe a little tired.

When my eyes flicked down for a second, I saw not a single damp spot on the panties or shorts that were bunched around her ankles. She apparently hadn’t lost even one drop of her burden before she’d been on the toilet, ready to go.

And, wow was she ever going! I had never seen anyone pee so much all at once before. If I hadn’t known any better, I would have sworn I was standing beside a huge waterfall, that was how loud she was gushing. And it wasn’t slowing down, if anything it was only coming out faster and stronger, building into a magnificent crescendo of hissing and splattering. And she just kept peeing, no breaks, no pauses, no slowing of her spray. On and on and on. I had never been so turned on before in my life.

She finished finally after over three minutes of powerful trickling, and when she came back out of the restroom I didn’t know what to say. If I hadn’t been there, watching all of that happen, I never would have believed it was possible to hold it for so long and pee out so much. Hell, I was struggling to believe my own eyes! “Wow,” I finally said. “Feel better?”

“A little,” Jessica said. “But, see? I told you not to worry about me, I know how to handle these things.”

Holding Contest

There are two things I love more than anything else in the world; Girls and desperation. So, while most people may take the news that they’re going to be sharing a single bathroom with three other girls during their freshman year at college as an omen of terrible things to come, I saw nothing but potential. It certainly helped that all three of my new roommates were dazzlingly gorgeous.

There was Misty, a journalism major like myself. She had long, flowing red hair, the kind of breasts I’d wished for all through puberty, and legs that went on forever. Most notable for my own interest was her bladder. Which was tiny. This was a source of both entertainment and disappointment for me. While it guaranteed I’d get to see her desperate for a ladies’ room often, it also meant that, even if she’d been bursting for a while, there wasn’t much that came out. As someone with a particular fascination for large bladders and seemingly never-ending pees, she wasn’t the most interesting to me out of my three new friends. Don’t get me wrong, she’s a great girl, other than her being rather lacking in the bladder-department I adore her.

But, our other two roommates, Brooke and Mina? They grab my attention the most. They’re both nursing students, both blondes, and both have ENORMOUS bladders. I discovered this about them slowly, piecing it together. While Misty would always zip straight to the bathroom after waking up and I’d immediately stand outside the door to wait for her, Brooke and Mina never seemed to get in line behind me with the same urgency. Instead, they’d gather up everything they needed to shower while Misty and I both finished up with everything we had to do.

That was strange, as I’d always thought EVERYONE was at least a little bit desperate for the toilet first thing in the morning. But, apparently not them.

Another clue came when the four of us went out for an evening together. Misty was dying for the toilet after a few drinks and I wasn’t long behind her. Brooke shrugged at us as we got up and said “Eh, I guess I could go.”

Public ladies’ rooms have always fun places for me. Getting to sit down and relax as my bladder drains while listening to other desperate girls let go of urgent streams of their own is very stimulating. It’s like a symphony in there! That night, I chose a stall between Brooke and Misty’s and listened to them go as I enjoyed my own relief. I heard Misty slam herself against the seat and moan as her bladder poured out of her, and I heard Brooke calmly take her own spot and quietly let go.

Misty’s spray hissed for about twenty seconds and then she was empty and standing up. “Phew, I almost didn’t make it that time!” I heard her say, and in spite of the lackluster length of her stream, my clit throbbed at her words.

Yeah, so I’m a pervert. Sue me.

I finished up a few seconds later and stood, but Brooke hadn’t moved an inch since sitting down. Her own pee hadn’t ceased flowing, nor had it even slowed down in its force. And, to say that I was enraptured by that would be an understatement. She hadn’t even seemed desperate, she’d been in no hurry to get to that stall, she’d only gone because WE had gone… But, it had been, like, a minute and she was still pouring out more and more fluid.

“Christ, Brooke!” I exclaimed. “THAT’S ‘I guess I could go’?” I echoed her words from earlier.

“Yeah,” Brooke said, finally finishing her pee and leaving the stall. “Just wanted to beat the line, but yeah, I didn’t have to go that much.”

I was stunned, and ridiculously turned on, as I wondered to myself what in the world Brooke would consider an ‘emergency’, if THAT hadn’t been one.

“Nursing student,” Brooke reminded. “You know, not many bathroom breaks for people working in hospitals. Figured I should prepare, so I’ve been… I guess, training my bladder. But, I’ve always been able to hold it a while. I never had to use the bathroom at school once when I was growing up.”

I wondered if maybe Mina was doing the same thing, I’d never seen her in too big of a rush to use the toilet, either.

I got my answer soon enough. Once there was an issue with the plumbing in our dorm. Misty and I both almost had accidents, and when it was fixed she used the toilet and I had to break down and use the sink beside her. I had NEVER had to go that badly.

Mina and Brooke, though? Totally fine. Even though the repair had taken 15 hours and neither of them had used a toilet at all in all that time. They even giggled a bit at me for being so desperate that I’d had to pee in the sink since I couldn’t wait one more minute for a toilet to become available.

“How did you two not explode?!” Misty complained. “That’s SO unfair!”

Mina just shrugged, reminded us of her choice of studies and career, and added that she’d long grown used to restraining her bladder however long she had to. “I had seven older brothers,” she said. “One bathroom. And after they started discovering Playboy it was rare that door wasn’t locked. I hated it back then, but now I’m grateful. I don’t have to worry about little things like peeing, which will be super useful when I start working.”

“You’re both amazing,” I said, meaning every word of it. “Which one of you can wait longest, though?”

“You know, I don’t think I’ve ever paid attention,” Brooke admitted. “But, probably me.”

“What?!” Mina exclaimed, sounding almost offended. “No way, I can totally wait longer than you. Look at me,” she gestured to her body, but presumably mostly at her height, which dwarfed Brooke’s shorter frame.

“Just because you’re taller, that doesn’t mean your bladder’s bigger,” Brooke said. “I can hold more than you, I’m sure.”

“You know,” I said, giddy with excitement as it sounded to me like these two would totally go for my new idea. “There is one way to find out for sure…”

And so, that Friday, I got to experience one of my dreams; Seeing two girls with ginormous bladders face off in a holding competition. I woke bright and early, we had a party to go to that evening, which a glance at the clock told me would be starting in 10 hours. I went to the bathroom door, hearing Misty inside, sighing with relief as she trickled into the bowl. I crossed my legs as I waited. After I’d finished, I saw Brooke and Mina were up and on the couch, so asked when they wanted to start the contest.

“We already started,” Mina informed. “Had our last pees about 2 hours ago when we got up. Now we wait.”

And, well… ‘Wait’ we did. The only real downside to watching two people with camel-sized bladders face off like this is that it takes a VERY long time for anything super interesting to start happening. Over the next 5 hours, Misty peed several times and I went once or twice, but Brooke and Mina never showed any signs of an urge even though it had been 7 hours since they’d last emptied out.

And, it wasn’t like they weren’t drinking. Every hour on the hour, they’d each have a big bottle of water, but while I knew it MUST have all been going through them, it apparently amounted to little more than a shallow puddle inside their bladders. They weren’t twisting, they weren’t squirming, they weren’t bouncing. They were fine, and I was really looking forward for the inevitable point at which they wouldn’t be so fine anymore.

Another 5 hours later, it was time for the party. When Brooke and Mina changed their outfits, they both put on tops that bared their midriff, and along with it… Their moderately swollen bladders. Both of them looked like they had a couple of water balloons straining against the waistbands of their shorts, overly full of 12 hours worth of unshed piss.

I caught Misty staring at their bumps as well, which intrigued me since I know she does not share my more intense fascination with pee. “Wow,” she said aloud. “And you STILL don’t want to run to the toilet?”

“Nope,” Mina said. “But, perhaps BROOKE would like to?” she added with a smirk.

“No way,” Brooke said. “I could hold this forever.”

So, the contest was going to continue while we were at the party, it seemed. I was pretty sure it was going to end there too. With those bulbous, swollen protrusions both of them were carting around, I didn’t think they could last too much longer no matter how confident they acted about it. Surely, they must have felt as if grapefruits were pressing against all of their other organs!

At the party, I spent far less time mingling than I did watching Brooke and Mina. Misty, to my surprise, stayed by my side the whole time and watched as well. We stared in amazement as Mina and Brooke each knocked back drink after drink, adding to the already blistering burden resting just beneath their waistbands. I could picture the way their muscles must have been straining, pulling taut to withstand the grotesque level of pressure that their owners were forcing them to withstand.

“How much longer do you think this will go on?” Misty asked, astonished as more and more time passed and neither girl seemed ready to break and make a run for the toilet.

I checked my watch, they’d now both been without a piss for 16 hours. I knew from the plumbing incident that they could handle 17 without a fuss, so we still had a ways to go, even with the amount of liquids they’d been taking in all evening. “A bit,” I said to Misty.

We stayed at the party for a lot longer than I’d thought we would. I was starting to get tired after a while, and only when I saw Brooke starting to jiggle a knee did I perk back up again. Finally, one of them was showing at least SOME sign of wanting a toilet break. I checked my watch yet again. It had taken 19 hours to reach this point, but at last, I was seeing the fidgety squirms that I’d been longing for.

I saw Mina starting to drum her fingers against the table they were stood at, then a very subtle shifting between her feet. Finally… They actually had to go.

To my astonishment, when we left the party 2 hours after that, both girls were quite a bit more squirmy but neither chose to visit the toilet before we left. “I can wait all night,” Mina said as we walked back to our dorm. Well, Misty and I were walking anyway. Mina and Brooke were more sort-of hobbling. Their legs were crossing together, making it hard to walk in a straight line. The bulges in their middles had grown considerably, now absolutely brimming with 21 hours worth of boiling piss, aching and screaming to be released…

Man, was it ever late. I had to get some sleep, I knew. But, at the same time, I didn’t want to. I’d miss the end of the contest for sure if I fell asleep. Once we were back, I tried my hardest to remain awake, watching Brooke and Mina stirring in their beds— Wow, how were THEY asleep? Surely their dreams must have been plagued with waterfalls and roaring oceans, tempting imagery trying to force them to release the roaring torrents of pee no doubt sloshing against their quivering urethras.

They were both doing a great deal of thrashing under their covers, I could see. Their legs were tangling in their sheets, their hands squeezing tight between their thighs. Clearly, these were two women with painfully full bladders, but with no intention of letting their urine exit it.

At some point, I must have finally fallen asleep, because suddenly it was noon and Brooke and Mina were no longer in their beds. I cursed myself, I’d missed the end for sure. After peeing, I trudged into the living room, intending to ask who the winner had been.

But, what I found there told me the question would be pointless.

Mina and Brooke were both sitting on the couch… Sort of. They were both bouncing around so much that their butts were rarely actually on the cushions. They were pressing their palms down hard against themselves, waves and waves of pee swirling and pounding down against their urethral openings.

Misty was the only one on that sofa that looked comfortable, and she wasn’t paying any attention at all to what was on the TV. She was staring with wide eyes at Brooke and Mina. “They’re still at it!” Misty whispered to me. “Can you believe that!?”

I couldn’t really, but at the same time I sort of could. These two were obviously seriously competitive, each determined to last out the other whatever it took. My clit ached, I yearned to touch myself, but I wanted to stay out here and keep watching this unfold even more. “H—Hey,” I said, my almost painful level of arousal causing my voice to crack. “You know what might make this even more interesting? Some challenges.”

“What kind of challenges?” Brooke grunted through an obvious spasm slamming through her bloated bladder… Which now that I was closer I could see was more bloated than ever before. Yesterday I’d compared it to a grapefruit, but that was no longer adequate. Now, it was a watermelon that she was lugging around, and I was sure Mina was sporting the same thing.

“Like…” I said. “Oh, put your hands under the faucet, make sure the water is warm.”

Mina and Brooke both hobbled their ways into the kitchen. I could tell every step now was sending ripples of sheer, uncontainable need through their bladders. But still, they DID contain themselves. They contained themselves all the way to the sink, and Mina cranked it on warm.

They both plunged their hands beneath the faucet, and their bouncing and twitching increased as the sound, sight and most of all FEEL of all that water struck them. It must have felt like taking a knife to their swollen, hard abdomens, like their bladder was being squeezed and pressed and pulled, as if the organs were caught inside of a taffy machine. It was such an erotic sight that I couldn’t pull myself away, and I fought not to even let myself blink lest I miss a second of these girls’ incredible performance.

“Ready to give up?” grunted out Brooke.

“Never,” Mina replied with a smirk.

“Okay,” I said. “That’s enough of that… We need something louder.”

“The fountain outside the dorm?” Misty suggested. And see? Even if her bladder IS teeny, there’s a lot for me to love about that girl!

“Perfect!” I said with a snap of my fingers. “You two should go sit out there on one of the benches in front of the fountain, and just… Listen to it.”

Brooke and Mina nodded, seeming excited to take on the challenge. Walking outside to the fountain took some time, neither competitor could walk too quickly anymore, and I stayed behind them the whole way, watching as their hips twisted, shifted and bounced with urgency. How must they have been feeling by now? It had been… I checked my watch; It had been 26 hours now! 26 hours with zero bathroom breaks, and from the looks of it, zero leaks either! Every drop of their piss was still inside their bodies, every drop of it swishing and sloshing and trying as hard as it could to find some way out!

We made it to the fountain, Brooke and Mina took their seats. Brooke was crossing and uncrossing her legs so many times and so quickly I worried she’d end up accidentally kicking herself. Mina was bouncing up and down so fast she looked like she was vibrating. The sound of all that water rushing from the fountain— So much like what they both needed to do— couldn’t have been helping!

“Bet you have to piss something AWFUL by now, huh?” Mina taunted her opponent.

“Hmmm, nope, I don’t think so,” Brooke said, adjusting her hand so her wrist was now pressing itself into her crotch. “But, it looks like YOU do.”

“Not at all,” Mina insisted, but neither girl could fool anyone. They’d both unbuttoned their shorts, giving the bowling balls inside their abdomens more room to grow and spread out. Both of them were holding in buckets of urine, withstanding more pressure than I’d thought anyone could ever manage to bear. I could only imagine how much their overworked sphincters were quivering as they forced their bladders to remain taut and closed in the face of gallons and gallons of liquid. It was clear that they were bursting with piss, but what was also clear was their determination to fight down that need.

We stayed at the fountain for a while, I was enraptured as I watched both women writhe against the bench. At some point, Misty asked if I was rooting for either one of them, and I realized that I wasn’t really. Truth be told, I didn’t want either one of them to lose, because then all of this would be over. And I wasn’t ready for it to stop, not by a long shot.

I could spend days just watching these girls squirm, fidget and clutch themselves as those tight bulges in their middles grew more and more swollen. I imagined how tensely wound their muscles must have been by now. I pictured the way their urine must have been sloshing against their urethral openings, straining to be set free. I stared transfixed at the way their hands fisted between their legs, fingers trying their best to transform themselves into indestructible plugs.

“I think Brooke will win,” Misty said, and I had to agree. Mina was getting more twitchy, more sweaty. She was still taunting Brooke, but her tone had begun to waver. She was not panicking, there was no worry present on her face, she still felt confident and determined to outlast her opponent. But, her body no longer seemed to share in her confidence.

Brooke though, even with as much as she was jiggling, something about her still seemed to be fully in control. Even now, with 28 hours worth of urine stored inside her body, she could speak in a calm, measured and even tone of voice.

After a bit, I wondered if perhaps the gushing spray of the fountain was fading too far into the background to really bother Mina or Brooke anymore. They’d grown too used to it. “Hey,” I said. “Get up, let’s try something more physical now,” I suggested.

“Oooh, yes!” Misty said. “Hey, when I was in high school, I once forgot to pee before a gym class, and they had us do all these jumping jacks, sit-ups and push-ups and things… I made it to the toilet afterwards but I wasn’t totally ‘dry’, if you know what I mean.”

“Great suggestions,” I told her. “Brooke, Mina, start doing some jumping jacks,” I said. Of the exercises Misty had listed, I thought that that would be the one most painful to perform with a brimming bladder. You had to spread out your arms and feet so far apart from each other, no way to cross your legs or hold yourself. And then there was the impact of your feet hitting the ground over and over again, jostling the bulging ball of pee inside you and trying to shake your urine right out!

Neither competitor showed any sign of fear when I gave the order, they just got that same determined look on their faces and began. Every time they jumped, the bulges in their middles would shake. I swear, I could physically HEAR the liquid inside them sloshing, their bladders pulsating with every movement, with every inhale of air, with every heartbeat… I watched as they launched themselves up and down, up and down, up and down, every time their feet hit the ground I knew their sphincters must have been screaming, must have been burning, must have been stinging with the desire to release and push out everything pressing down against them. Their iron wills, though, that made them hang on and keep jumping.

Willpower really can be a beautiful thing. It can lead a person to be able to do things they’d never thought they could do, like climbing steep mountains or holding their breath underwater for several minutes. But, even the strongest wills had limits, we are still only human after all.

Misty was correct in her prediction; Mina broke first. A loud, thunderous hiss filled the air and I quickly saw the crotch of Mina’s shorts growing darker. Even upon realizing that she was peeing into her clothes, Mina did not freak out. She groaned, but the groan was clearly from disappointment that she’d lost the contest, not from any panic about how she was starting to have an accident.

She stopped jumping, and briskly stumbled in the direction of the bushes that grew along the side of the walkway. I watched as she thrust her shorts down and squatted to continue releasing her deluge. And, wow had their been a lot of piss inside her! I was torn between watching Brooke who was still holding her bladder in front of me and watching Mina who was blasting out an inch-thick stream to my left. A fountain was spraying out beneath her, pummeling the dirt below and creating a massive, fizzing puddle.

Mina spread out her feet a little more so that none of her spray landed on her shoes, and I was surprised she’d even remembered to think of that. If I was peeing like she was right now, I’d be so overcome by relief that my shoes would be the furthest thing from my mind.

Misty was staring at Mina now too, her mouth hanging open. I knew that, like me, she’d never seen anyone go that much at once. This was even more than Brooke had unleashed that night at the bar. Mina’s release was no mere stream, it was a geyser, a torrential flood of scorching piss and I marveled at how good she must have been feeling to let go of all that.

She was smiling, and her eyes had shut partway, so I knew she was certainly feeling relieved. She was even shaking a little bit, but while Misty or I would no doubt be moaning our heads off if we were releasing such a long, hard gusher of a pee like that, Mina was neither groaning nor sighing. She looked content, but still mostly in control. Even though she was hosing down a bush instead of a toilet.

I swear, it took almost 3 minutes for her to stop, and after she’d pulled her shorts back up, I snapped all my attention back towards Brooke. No doubt, Mina’s hissing spray must have had an effect on her own bladder, and now that she’d finally won, she must have been DYING to water that bush herself.

Indeed, Brooke’s squirms had picked up, her hands now tightly pressed against her crotch, her legs double-crossed both at her knees and ankles. I thought, surely, she was about to rip her shorts down and make use of a bush. She’d been victorious after all, no reason to keep restraining her bladder now. She was free.

But, she didn’t. Instead, she said she wanted to head back inside. And now I assumed she just knew that she could make it to an actual toilet and would prefer to go there instead of outside.

But, once we were back in our room, Brooke did not head for the toilet. “If I pee right away now, that just proves Mina and I are evenly matched,” she said. “I need to show I can really OUTLAST her, so that means I need to wait a bit more.”

Holy… It wasn’t over after all! I was delighted! I still was going to enjoy at least a little bit more of Brooke’s desperation before she decided she’d actually proven her bladder’s superiority to Mina’s. She sprawled out on the couch, hands digging against the crotch of her shorts which I was amazed still did not have a damp spot. I saw the grotesquely swollen bulge of her rock hard bladder, achingly filled with what was now 30 hours of accumulated pee. All those drinks, all that time, and she was still keeping it all in!

Misty stared at Brooke, “Oh. So… You don’t mind if I use the bathroom right now?” she asked.

“Of course not, go ahead,” Brooke said. “I can wait a bit more.”

Misty rushed off, clearly in a hurry to pee and get back to watch the rest of the show.

“You did good too,” I told Mina, concerned that she may have felt bad about losing. “You lasted way longer than I ever could.”

Mina just shrugged, “Hey, I know when I’ve been beat,” she said. “I just… Never thought I’d meet someone else that can wait as long as I can— Let alone even LONGER.”

Brooke, in spite of the pain I was sure must have been encompassing her entire lower body, grinned triumphantly.

Misty returned and continued to watch Brooke’s writhing, twisting body. Her eyes stilled on the now gargantuan bump in Brooke’s middle. Like me, she’d never seen anything like it before and it filled her with awe and curiosity. And she did something I’d been wanting to do for a while; She reached out a hand and touched Brooke’s swollen abdomen.

Brooke’s hips bucked upwards, her body twitching and spasming at the sudden, additional pressure of Misty’s hand. Misty jerked her arm back, “S—Sorry,” she said. “Just… It’s interesting.”

“It’s fine…” Brooke said, letting out a puff of air through her mouth. She then looked to me, “You wanna feel it, too?” she asked.

Of course I did! Eagerly, I brought my hand forward and rubbed Brooke’s bulging boulder of a bladder. Since she’d known it was coming this time, she didn’t jolt quite as much. But, I did. I’d never… I’d NEVER felt anything like it before. It had been looking like a bowling ball for hours, but it FELT like one as well. It was round, firm, hard as a rock. It was like it was straining against the flat of my palm, I could almost feel it quiver and slosh beneath my touch.

I even dared to press down on it, and then Brooke did give a lurch, her legs tangling up even further as I squeezed my hand against her bladder. I released the swell from my grasp and she took a few deep breaths as the pressure inside her began to go back to normal… Well, normal for her anyway.

More and more time ticked by, after we’d been back inside for about 1 more hour, Brooke was laying flat on her back on the couch, her bladder protruding and her hands still squeezing away between her coiled legs. Brooke looked like she was holding an entire lack within her body, she looked like she was containing every drop of liquid that existed on Earth. She looked like she was made of nothing but pee. The sweat now rolling off of her in sheets must have been mostly urine, trying its best to find SOME way to exit her body.

Still though, she held it.

I thought she’d more than proven her ability to outlast Mina by now, but I was in no mood for this to end. As much as I wanted to see and hear what she’d been withholding for the past 31 hours, I would be as patient as I needed to be.

In the end, she only moved from the couch when 7:30 was about to roll around, at which point she’d been more than 35 hours without a pee. 7:30 was when her favorite TV show aired, and she didn’t want to be distracted by anything else during it. “Well,” she said smoothly. “I figure I’ve proven my point by now anyway.”

That was an understatement, I thought.

“I’ll be back,” Brooke added, and then she slowly hobbled along to the restroom. “Mina, you wanna see what you just lost to?” she called teasingly, and I realized that I was in luck; Brooke wasn’t going to shut the door as she peed. She wanted us to watch, to know the full extent of what she’d done today.

All three of us joined Brooke in the bathroom, and watched as she calmly slid her shorts down her legs before plopping onto the seat of the toilet. She didn’t start peeing immediately, though I’m sure the feel of the porcelain seat beneath her must have been making her overburdened sphincter ache and plead for release. “Okay,” she said. “I think this is gonna be a long one…”

Plink…

Plink…

Drip…

She began to drizzle out a slow stream and she smiled, then shut her eyes, clasping her hands in her lap. “Oh, that feels good..” she said, and I could barely imagine exactly HOW good. Her stream picked up in speed, beginning to hiss and splatter and fizz. Her smile grew; “This is honestly the best part of having a big bladder,” she said. “It feels great to sit back and let it empty.”

The powerful jet she released now made the spray she’d treated us to at the bar look like nothing, she gushed and gushed and gushed, her stream not winding down but only growing more and more in its intensity. The hissing was eardrum-shattering, and it was enough to make ME feel like I had to go, and it made Misty start to jump from foot to foot. “Ohh, are you done yet?” she asked. “I need to use it!”

“It’ll be a while,” Brooke said modestly overtop of the noise of her thunderous release. “Hold on,” and then she seemed to push down harder, because from the sound of the spray hitting the water beneath her, she was managing to piss even faster now, but still it took a while for her bladder to fully deflate. Almost 4 whole minutes before she was done, at which point Misty was bobbing up and down and clutching at herself. “Okay, okay, are you done?”

“Yes,” Brooke confirmed, and after wiping, flushing the toilet, and pulling up her shorts, she was almost shoved over as Misty hurried to fling herself onto the seat she’d just occupied. “Ahhhhhh…” Misty moaned as she began to pour out her own stream, which when compared to what I’d just witnessed from Brooke was akin to the slight drizzle from a busted hose.

The other 3 of us left the restroom while Misty finished, and I told Brooke how impressive I’d found her win to be. “That was crazy,” I said.

“It was,” Mina agreed. “But, I’m going to want a re-match.”

