Everything Comes Down

Author: Storywriter_3

*000*2016-06-26 04:47

Her poor bladder was pulsing from the pain. 2 other girls were just in her spot. They challenged each other to hold their pee for at least 8 hours. This was the 5th hour.

Julia, squirming looked up and suggested, "I have an idea..." She winked. Hailey, clenching her teeth on her last straw, being dancing in small, fast, and quick steps. "Hurry up and tell us I can't hold it any longer!" She doubled over.

Diana couldn't move any longer. She nodded, and just that made a few drops escape.

A few minutes later, Diana was laying on the bed, legs spread and her clothes off. She felt like she was dying from her bladder pain and tears were even falling. Julia seductively approached her and put her head near her vagina.

Being a tease, she grabbed lube and rubbed her thumb against Diana's outer lips. She winced and a little stream quietly poured out. "I'm gonna lose it," She said.

Then she began to put her mouth near her clitoris. Diana whimper loudly and sported right into Julia's face. It soaked her right eye. Diana made a weird sound and said "Oh no no nooooo!" Her pee hissed and soaked Julia more. This made Hailey give up.

Her piss hissed loudly and sounded like a fire house hitting the ground.

Julia clenched her muscles and shook her head. She bit her lip. "Naughty girl... You're going to get punished for this." Diana sat up. "What?!" She asked. Julia finally began to near her limit. She pushed Diana down, and went full blast onto her face.

"Agh!" Diana said, nearly swallowing a mouth full of piss.

