Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*015*2022-02-17 17:36

Adam had never actually set foot inside of a church. He’d joked with some of his friends that he couldn’t walk into them without his feet burning. This was a joke which he was certain Alex wouldn’t find particularly funny, so he refrained from making it when Alex requested that he accompany him to church for the Christmas Eve service.

“I know you aren’t religious,” Alex said. “And, I’m not trying to force you to be. It would just mean a lot to me if we could share this together.” Alex said that the church he went to now was nothing like the one he used to go to growing up. There were no strange chants, no long tirades about all the different reasons everyone was going to burn in Hell, nothing like that. “For Christmas, they said it’s mostly just like a big party,” Alex added. “There are cookies and we wrap donations to deliver to poor families. They do read some things from The Bible first, but that doesn’t take too long.”

Right after Alex left his old home, Adam had been confused that he’d even still WANT to go to church after how much his Dad’s interpretations of religion had damaged his view of himself and his relationship with the world around him. But, if anything, discovering who he was meant to be and connecting with others had actually strengthened Alex’s belief in God. “Papa said that Jesus spoke through him, and he was lying,” Alex explained. “It wasn’t Jesus that said I had to stand all night in the rain, or starve myself. Jesus never said I couldn’t wear pants or love you. Only Papa said that.”

So, Adam agreed to go. There was a brief reading from The Bible at the start, and Adam was a little bored by it. He was also a little impressed that Alex apparently could UNDERSTAND all those really old words. After that, everyone went into another room for the celebration. There were cookies and things as Alex had promised, and a warm, friendly atmosphere that made Adam understand a little better why Alex liked it here.

Adam definitely liked the eggnog they served at the party. It was extremely tasty and felt good going down his throat. He kept refilling his mug, partly just so he’d have something to do with his mouth other than talk to people. He was worried he’d say something wrong that he hadn’t known was offensive if he tried to talk about religion. So, he stayed quiet and drank, sticking close to Alex.

It was a strange role-reversal. Alex being the more outgoing, more talkative one that knew exactly how to act and what was expected, while Adam stayed quiet and let Alex lead him around. It felt weird, but at the same time Adam was glad to see that Alex had somewhere that he felt completely confident and at home.

Alex’s Mom and younger siblings were there too, and Adam said hello to all of them. It was while Alex was catching up with his Mom that Adam noticed where all that eggnog had ended up, and that he was going to have to find the restroom pretty soon. He glanced around, trying to find the sign for it, but he didn’t see one. He also didn’t know if it was okay to ask anyone. He had a feeling talking about needing to pee in church probably wasn’t proper.

Once Alex finished talking, he decided he’d ask him.

Except, Alex and his Mom had a really close relationship, and when they talked, they talked for a long, long time. And, with nothing to focus on other than his bladder, Adam was starting to get very, very uncomfortable. He wondered if he ought to walk off and try to find the toilet himself. But, he didn’t want Alex to think he’d ditched him or something. Alex had been so worried that Adam wouldn’t like it here, if he just disappeared on him like that, then he knew Alex would feel awful.

Sure, once Adam got BACK from the bathroom and explained he’d just been busy peeing, Alex would feel fine, but Adam didn’t want him to be stressed out for even one second on what was such a special night for him. Swaying back and forth in indecision, Adam was just about to tap Alex on the shoulder to interrupt and say he really had to take a bathroom break.

But then two of Alex’s younger sisters, Prudence and Charity, started to tug on his sleeve. “Wanna play charades?” Prudence asked. “We need a third person to make it fun, and Ben doesn’t wanna play.” Ben was one of Alex’s brothers.

“O—Oh, yeah,” Adam said. The little kids liked playing with him a lot, and it kind of warmed his heart a little whenever he made them happy. They both looked so hopeful right now that he didn’t want to let them down. “Okay.”

“Mama,” Prudence said. “Adam’s gonna play charades with us over there.” She pointed to one corner of the room.

“Okay,” Alex’s Mom said, before turning back to Alex.

Adam and the kids went into a quiet corner to start their game. Prudence took out a box of cards and let Adam pick one. His first word was ‘firefighter’, so first he pointed to his head and tried to make the shape of a fireman’s hat. Then, he tried to mime that he was holding a hose. He pictured the forceful way water always sprayed from such powerful hoses and tried to make it seem like the invisible item he was holding was very sturdy and heavy.

He was picturing the jet of water a little TOO clearly for his bladder, though. Imagining himself holding and aiming an item that was quickly and noisily shooting out gallons of liquid was making him wish he was aiming something else instead. His knees pinched inwards and began to rub together.

“A firefighter,” Charity guessed.

“Yeah, a firefighter” Prudence agreed, and just as Adam started to nod, she added “A firefighter that has to pee really bad.”

Adam felt embarrassment churn in his stomach. “Um… Yeah,” he said. He tried to straighten himself out a little more, and his bladder thrashed in irritation as his skin strained against it.

Charity went next, and to Adam’s relief Prudence turned her attention immediately to her sister and didn’t notice the way he kept rocking from side to side. Charity danced and twirled in a circle and Adam correctly guessed she was a ballerina. After Prudence’s turn, during which she pretended to lasso a whip around in the air until Charity called out that her word was cowboy, Adam went once more.

This time his word was pirate. Oh, why did all of his words have to have some connection to water? He still hadn’t managed to stop his subtle, foot to foot pee-dance. Each time he let himself go still for longer than a few seconds, the searing pressure in his bladder would press so hard into his opening that he feared he might leak. Still shifting his weight back and forth, he gestured to his hand and attempted to curl his fingers into a hook-like shape. Then he bounced up and down on his toes as he placed a hand over his eye as if it were an eyepatch.

“A pirate,” said Charity.

“Ye—“

“That has to pee REALLY bad,” Prudence chimed in.

Adam let both his hands drop back down to his sides, before balling them into fists, his thighs squeezing tightly together as another spasm soared through his body. He hoped he wasn’t blushing, but considering how warm he suddenly felt in spite of the chilly Winter season, he knew he was. “Yes…”

They kept playing for a while, and each time Adam had a turn, the kids both thought that ‘needing to pee really badly’ was part of the prompt the card had given him

“How come all of yours have to tinkle?” Charity asked him after another round had finished.

Adam shrugged, struggling to uncross his legs without letting loose a spurt into his pants. He managed the first part of the mission, but not the second. Heat bloomed warm and wet between his thighs as a tiny bit of his agony squirted out. He couldn’t understand why he felt too embarrassed to tell a little kid that was barely toilet-trained herself that the reason all his characters needed a toilet so much was because HE needed one so bad he couldn’t stop dancing. He wasn’t usually so shy about relieving himself, but he definitely was now.

It was just that… Well, he still wasn’t one hundred percent sure what behavior was appropriate inside a church or not. It was stupid, but he honestly didn’t know if saying “I have to pee” in church was frowned upon or something. He was probably worrying over nothing, but he so wanted to be on his best behavior for Alex tonight.

Speaking of Alex, he’d finally stopped talking with his Mom and had come over. “Hey guys,” he said. “What’cha doing?”

“Playing charades,” Charity said.

“All of Adam’s characters need the bathroom,” Prudence giggled. “And he keeps doing such a funny dance!”

Adam covered his face, trying to shield his blush as he continued on doing that ‘funny dance’ Prudence found so amusing. He stepped in place, his heels striking the ground in rapid succession. He swung his arms at his sides, his hands still curled into tight fists. He bounced up and down.

Alex laughed too, “Heh, I’m glad he’s kept you entertained. And it IS a funny dance,” he agreed. He looked back to Adam with a smile. “It looks super real, too! I didn’t know you were such a good actor, you must be awesome at this game!”

Adam chewed on his lip. He knew this was the perfect opportunity to tell Alex what he needed. He could easily say “Actually, I’m NOT acting, I really DO have to go, and I don’t know where the toilet is!” And, he was JUST about to say that, but Alex kept talking.

“We have to wrap the donations now,” Alex said. “Come on, I’m sure you’ll be great help.”

Charity and Prudence followed after Alex and Adam reluctantly did the same. The words “But I really have to pee!” were right there in his mouth, pressing against the back of his teeth, begging to spray out just like the liquid contained in his bladder. But, then he had a thought; What if Alex thought he was trying to get out of helping?

‘That’s ridiculous,’ Adam told himself. ‘Alex knows you too well to think you wouldn’t work on a charity project with him. Just tell him you have to go and you’ll be right back.’

His nonsensical worry chased away from his mind, Adam picked up the pace as he shadowed Alex into a new room. There was a pile of toys set up on a large table alongside several reams of wrapping paper. Adam grabbed hold of Alex’s arm and squeezed.

Instead of turning around and asking Adam what the matter was, Alex just reached to grab Adam’s hand and squeeze onto it. “Thank you so much for coming here with me,” he said.

“Alex, I—“

Alex led Adam to one of the chairs surrounding the table, then sat down beside him. He grabbed one of the toys and some of the supplies, then grabbed another box for Adam. As soon as Adam’s legs were hidden beneath the table, he wound them together and started to jiggle them like mad. His hands gripped tightly to the edge of his seat as his teeth ground against each other. He felt another spurt of pee slowly dribble out of his body, and the sweat that had been pouring down his back ever since he’d started getting desperate began to turn icy cold. He was going to burst!

“See?” Alex said. “ I told you, it’s nothing like where I used to go. It’s nice and friendly and—“

“Alex,” Adam said. “I need—“

“Oh, have you never wrapped stuff before?” Alex guessed. “It’s tricky the first time, I’ll help y—“

“Alex, I…” Adam lowered his voice as much as he could, which was a struggle because the intense pressure flooding his body was enough to make him scream. “I need the bathroom. Like, right now.”

Alex froze and stopped reaching for the wrapping paper. So, Adam wasn’t just a great actor, then. His silly dance had been genuine and Alex hadn’t realized. “Oh,” he said. “Um, can you wait until after we—“

“No!” Adam blurted before Alex could finish. “I can’t wait. It’s seriously SO bad, like you have no idea!”

If Adam had been dancing around the whole time he’d been playing with Prudence and Charity, then Alex knew that must have meant he’d been holding it a very long time and that it would be cruel to make him endure it much longer. He just didn’t want anyone to see them leave and think they were ditching. Granted, with how wriggly his poor boyfriend was he doubted anyone would really question where they were headed. “I’ll show you where the restroom is,” he said, pushing back his chair and standing up.

Adam followed suit, doubling over with a low groan as soon as he was back on his feet. He needed to pee so bad that he was getting kind of dizzy! The room was spinning and his cold sweat was becoming more like a cold shower!

Alex’s chest hurt as he watched Adam struggle to start walking again. Once they were out of the room, Alex grabbed onto his arm and squeezed it as he led him in the direction of the restroom. Alex knew they were really close, but as he felt Adam trembling beneath his touch he grew concerned that they weren’t close enough. “Why didn’t you say anything?” he asked.

“I… This is probably dumb, but is it okay to say ‘I need to pee’ in church? Like, is that a sin, or like… Too vulgar, or—“

Alex couldn’t help it; He laughed. “Oh— Gosh, Adam… Why in the world would you think that?”

Adam worried at his lip, “I— I don’t know, I was just really worried I’d do something weird here without realizing it and mess up, and—“ He was interrupted when a long jet of pee hissed into his boxers. “Ahh— Please tell me we’re almost there?”

“We are, we are!” Alex assured. “And you haven’t messed anything up, I know you’ve never been somewhere like this before, but—“ He stopped himself. ‘Adam feels the same way I do all the time now…’ he realized. That meant, now it was Alex’s turn to show Adam that things weren’t as complicated as he thought. “Everybody’s really friendly and understanding here, they certainly wouldn’t condemn you for asking where the bathroom is…” He finally stopped at a pair of doors. “And they’re right h—“

Adam shoved his way through the door to the men’s room and Alex heard him ripping his zipper down before the door even swung shut behind him. ‘Poor thing…’ Alex thought, following him in. Instantly, Alex could hear the forceful splashing of a stream, and felt immense relief when he got further into the room and confirmed that it was hitting a urinal instead of the interior of Adam’s pants.

Adam was stood at the urinal, his head tipped back and his lips parted in utter relief. The slow drop in pressure taking place within his center felt like an early Christmas present to him. The simple fact that he didn’t have to exert any effort anymore, didn’t have to strain his muscles and could just relax and let his body complete this process on its own was such an immense joy. “Ahhhh….”

Alex decided he may as well go too and unzipped at the urinal next to Adam’s, a moment later a second stream began to gush away and Alex was shivering. Now that he was peeing, Alex was surprised by how good it felt and realized he must have been needing this a lot more than he’d thought. He’d been so caught up in the festivities he must not have been paying attention.

Alex’s release tapered off first, which was a bit of a concern to him. Adam had been spraying away before he’d even started going, and now he was still going strong after he’d finished. He hoped Adam hadn’t been holding so much that he’d hurt something…

Adam finally finished a few seconds later, fighting to catch his breath as he zipped he shook his prosthetic out and zipped his pants. “Thank you…” he said.

“Um… You’re welcome,” Alex said. “You’re good now? Ready to go finish the presents and stuff?”

“Yes, I’m very good now,” Adam promised.
