Is my secret out?

Author: Spurgle

*000*2020-03-27 14:37

AS is suggested in the fiction itself i am stuck in isolation, like many others. i had some time on my hands so decided to write something, hopefully it'll be enjoyed. In my usual style the looks of the protagonist have been left to your imagination, everyone's tastes are different after all. Anyway, i hop you enjoy and should be a desire i have left scope for a follow up.

Enjoy!

I’m stuck in quarantine, have been for nearly seven days now. Stuck. Trapped within the same four walls day after day, I’m not allowed out, nobody is allowed in and to ensure we all follow the rules, police make spot checks to ensure the law is being followed. Up until now I’ve been a good girl, I’ve spent my days watching TV, sorting through clothes, reading books, you know the usual sort of thing. I haven’t even indulged myself once. Well there was Tuesday morning, I would say you certainly indulged, I think its hard to forget wetting your panties and playing with yourself whilst watching videos of others in a similar predicament as a mere accident. Shut up. Besides I’m a grown woman I can spend my time how I choose, why is it my annoying inner voice never shuts up?

It was a pleasant Friday morning. The sun was shining outside, and it was a rather comfortable twelve degrees centigrade, I had a late start this morning as I slept in until after eleven AM, but I guess I have little better to do these days. Nonetheless, I roused myself from the inviting comforts of my fleece lined duvet and proceeded to greet the world. Usually I wear little more than underwear for bed, but it was particularly chilly last night so I donned a pair of pink fluffy pyjamas with a frolicking sheep print. I find them adorable. Underneath I had relinquished my bra (who wears a bra to bed, crazy people) so it was just an old and slightly embarrassing pair of rather large but extremely comfortable grey bikini cut panties. Not the kind of thing you’d wear for your husband or boyfriend lets put it that way, but nonetheless an old favourite.

I hopped out of bed, drew my curtains and peered out my blinds into the world below. Its only a small town but at this time of the day its usually a hive of activity; stores having deliveries, people with their dogs roaming the streets, children playing or waiting for their school bus, neighbours pottering in their garden, but these days nothing is quite so simple. The street itself is ambiguous, some would describe it as affluent with a middle-class ring to it, others would say it’s a working-class area that has done well for itself.

All the homes are semidetached, each with our own private gardens and off-street parking. The home opposite mine has been whitewashed, meaning on a day like today the sunlight gleams of its surface, its quite beautiful in its own way. Being in the countryside its also peaceful, safe and with pleasant views over the fields and towards the hills where local farmers keep their pigs and sheep. It is very much a small, close knit community where everyone knows everyone else, there are very few secrets.

I trundled downstairs, unlocked my front door and took a deep breath of fresh English air. Every morning I do the same thing and it never grows tiresome, there is something about English air that I believe is unique. It is truly invigorating. It had been recycling bin day the night before and as usual the council operatives had left it in the usual clumsy way, so I retrieved it and tied it back up in my front yard, getting past my car on the driveway was a tight squeeze, hope I didn’t scratch it!

After retrieving my bin, I took in one last lungful of English air and proceeded back inside, locked my door and once again I was alone with my thoughts. Last evening, I was chatting with a friend of mine, she is in a similar position as me, quarantined, cut off and totally alone. During which, hidden amongst the usual chit chat and general gossip, she confided that since she had been isolated she was spending more time than ever masturbating, understandable I suppose, she always did have a substantial appetite in that area and with no man around, sometimes you have to do what’s necessary. Nevertheless, to hear her say so got me excited and my panties became a little wet, the words were replaying in my mind through most of the night and my dreams through the night followed a similar pattern. Suffice to say, as I woke up this morning, I was tearing at the reins so to speak.

Whilst alone and totally cut off with nothing better to do, it is quite tricky to supress naughty thoughts. I had spent quite a reserve of energy through the week doing just that. Tuesday was a one off, I like to deny myself the reality and convince my subconscious it was a genuine accident that anyone, particularly a weak little girl might suffer but I think we both know the truth In the matter. It all started after I was reading a rather entertaining book, the book itself is largely unimportant but there was a passage within its pages, when an attractive, thirty something female is desperate for the bathroom. Reading how she was squirming, bouncing up and down, intertwined with vocal protests that she was going to wet herself was too much for me. In the book itself, the passage ends with her safely ensconced in a bathroom, but in my own mind her damp panties reminded her throughout the day, what a foolish girl she had been. It was far too much for me.

I dropped my book and very consciously became aware of my aching bladder. I waddled upstairs, keeping my legs as tight together as possible to stop any leaks, quite simply these clothes were not the right ones for the job. They were dark in colour, light in material and totally unsuitable. When I wet myself, I like a light coloured material so I can see what a mess I have made of myself and a heavier material, so it soaks up more of my humiliation and I can feel it heavy against my skin for longer.

I stripped out of my normal outfit and began to pick out a naughty playtime outfit. My top was irrelevant, I like my breasts readily available and easy to get a hold off. I selected a pair of heavy grey jogger bottoms, very boring I know but when warm pee is gushing down the legs and I can see it spreading to all corners, it becomes a very clear choice and one I often make. Panties are a trickier choice. Again, I want something light in colour but choosing a colour is easier said than done. I wasn’t keen on going grey and gey, so I picked out a pair of purple bikini panties which are mega comfortable and seriously cute to boot. I love the frilled edges along the waist, and which curve their way around my ample bottom, not one drop is wasted with these and they have a cute little bow in the middle too.

Outfit selected I checked myself in a full body mirror, all seemed good. I didn’t push, I just gently let my defences drop and before long I could feel a warmth against my lips. It was slow and very steady, I looked down and the merest hint of wetness was showing under my crotch area. I put my defences back up and after one or two dribbles I was in control again. I had stopped to inspect and admire the damage, at this point it wasn’t much but if I was in a public place it would be quite clear to see that, at the very least I had had a small accident.

Around my crotch there was a wet spot protruding from the middle to maybe a couple inches either side, when I crossed my legs, I could feel a gentle warm wetness against my thighs. I think my bum was wet too; I could certainly feel a little something, but nothing showed in the mirror. Even when I lowered my bottoms to view my panties, I could see nothing at the back. At the front however the cotton had done its’s job nicely and presented a lovely wet patch against my pussy, I could feel my feminine juices making things a little sticky down their too.

I raised my bottoms and pulled them well over my waist, in the mirror I could see the faintest outline of my pussy at the front which just turned me on even more and round the back I had a huge VPL, I could see every contour of my underwear. In the heat of the moment I had a fantasy about going out into the street like this. Imagine all the people looking at me in my humiliating state, pee stain around the crotch, pussy on view and a huge VPL to anyone viewing from behind, it was driving me crazy. I let my defences down again and a stronger steady stream surged forth. At one stage I could feel almost a puddle forming in my panties, as if my panties were determined to contain the accident to save my further humiliation, but it was a lost cause. Pee began spreading across my crotch and gently trickling down my legs.

My bottoms were very tight, so there was no hiding from the small river of shame escaping down my legs and exiting onto my exposed feet. As the stream continued, I grabbed the waist of my bottoms and yanked them upwards and a wave of pee splashed froth with some vigour. I rubbed my fingers against my throbbing pussy and felt a wave of bliss wash over me, I let out a shrill moan. I examined myself in the mirror and upon the view I was presented with I let out another moan. My grey bottoms were now soaked. The stain of a small, innocent accident had expanded into something altogether very different. The inside of my legs had become a dark, saggy grey colour.

The weight of my garment had increased many folds through the amount of pee it had absorbed. Round the back the patch had expanded above the gusset of my panties, which was plain to see to anyone stood behind me. Upon inspection my panties were dripping wet, in more ways than one, the contrast between wet and dry was clear and obvious, no hiding your shame in purple panties, that’s why I love the colour purple. I played around with my hands for a time. I repeatedly pulled my panties into my lips to feel the wetness against my most intimate area, the sensation was almost too much for me and I was becoming weaker in my resistance against the forces of pleasure.

I took great pleasure in what I saw round the rear, it can sound strange but I’ve always admired my bottom, I feel curves and size complement each other very well and so the way my pee stain wraps around my derriere for me, is a spectacular site. My panties often struggle to contain my bottom on most occasions but the way I was manipulating them today, I think they had given up the fight. Some of the material had disappeared inside my bottom and was hidden by a smooth, slightly damp cheek. For a moment of two I enjoyed the feeling of the wetness inside my bottom, but before long I had reset my panties to their correct position.

I could still feel a slight ache in my bladder, so I pushed quite hard. My bottoms were around my ankles and watching myself in the mirror I saw a spurt of pee escape my pussy and splash into my bottoms below. That spurt became a strong but small torrent. I rubbed my hand against my pussy again and revelled in the warmth I felt, as I squeezed, I could feel pee squelching out. This gave me a naughty idea. Even though I was in the bathroom I didn’t have a towel for the shower I would need to have afterwards.

My towels were kept upstairs, and I needed to retrieve one. It was broad daylight outside and my neighbours are always pottering in their garden which looks straight in my hallway adjoining my bathroom to my kitchen, to get upstairs I would have to pass into a field of view for a good few seconds to get to the safety of my stairs, and then the same again coming back. I thought for a while about what I should do, but in the end in a highly aroused and horny state I decided to walk in nothing but my soaked panties upstairs to get my towel. To make it even more exciting, I decided I’d take my time about it too, even stopping to adjust the thermostat on my heating in full view of anyone who may be outside.

I removed my now cold jogger bottoms and left them in my shower cubicle. I had rub of my throbbing pussy along with a handful of breasts, composed myself as much as possible and opened my bathroom door to potential humiliation. I took a deep breath and stepped out the door, it was chilly, and my nipples went harder then they already were. This combined with the cold wetness in my panties suddenly reminded me just how foolish I was, but also how incredibly exciting and erotic it felt. I felt like I was a schoolgirl again, having wet myself and desperately trying to clean up before my parents realised, it happened several times and the feeling was familiar.

I quickly looked left, towards where any neighbours might see me, the coast looked clear. I proceeded the view steps to my heating thermometer and adjusted it up from twenty degrees, to twenty-three degrees. Its not the greatest system and it takes a few seconds to respond to my command. All the while I’m stood bare breasted, in wet panties exposed to the world. As I waited for my system to do its job, my excitement and terror was building. What if someone sees me? what if someone has already seen me? it was becoming too much. I ditched my heating and trundled upstairs; my panties were dripping occasionally but not enough to be concerned about my carpet. I approached my linen cupboard and retrieved a towel, it was large, plain and red. I placed it over my shoulder so it wouldn’t encounter my soaked panties.

KNOCK KNOCK

The door!!! There is someone at the fucking door, I don’t believe this!! What am I going to do, think!!

All kinds of scenarios ran through my head. It could be a neighbour needing to borrow something, it could be a stranger. It could be the police doing a spot check or it could be family, who have a key! I took a few seconds, in abject panic to weigh up my options and the likely outcomes. I decided the best thing to do would be to put on some dark clothes and answer the door as normally as I could.

I dashed into the bedroom and donned the same dark coloured trousers I had been wearing earlier and a white unicorn print tank top I had handy at the same time. The door went again. Thankfully by which time I was dressed appropriately, I just prayed that the dark material of my bottoms would hide my wet panties beneath. I composed myself, took a deep breath and headed for the front door. I opened the inner door, which is solid wood and peered into the painted glass panels of my door, in a fruitless attempt to learn the identity of whoever was at the other side. I put the key in the lock, tuned and puled the door open. The individual stood back and couple metres, such is the law. It was Stuart from across the road, quite a relief I can tell you. But nevertheless, I was still stood, just a few feet away from someone I know in pee-soaked panties, with them occasionally dripping into my dark bottoms to remind me of my folly.

“Hello Stuart, how are you keeping these days?” I asked genuinely terrified but doing by best to act as normal as possible.

“I’m doing good thanks, as well as can be expected anyway” I nodded in an approving way but said nothing.

“Anyway, I was hoping you could help me out?”

Oh god will this man ever go away I thought to myself, all the while smiling away.

“I’ll do what I can I suppose, what is it?”

“I was hoping I could borrow your driveway for an hour on Thursday afternoon, I’ve got a treadmill arriving and I hate leaving my car on the road, do you mind?”

Are you fucking kidding me, that is why he’s here? This is why I’m stood in my doorway in piss-soaked panties, because he wants to borrow my driveway!

“I don’t see why not” my voice hadn’t changed at least that I could tell, but I did find this rather tiresome.

“thank you, I really appreciate it. Would you mind if we check though, just to be sure its wide enough for my car?”

“Yeah why not” I wish this guy would piss off.

He approached my driveway and began taking measurements in his mind, I followed, and he turned to me with a look of confusion and confoundment.

“How very odd, I’ve just had a whiff of pee assault my nostrils?” he exclaimed with much amusement

OH MY GOD! He can smell me! how can he smell my panties from over there!

“ummm not sure what you mean to be honest, i can’t smell anything” I spoke calmly but in reality, I was in meltdown.

He nodded with a grin on his face, he found this terribly amusing somehow. I stepped away from the driveway and into my doorway again and to my complete indignation he followed me.

“it seems big enough to me, thanks again” he said.

I simply grunted and smiled in approval.

“are you sure you can’t smell anything, that smell of pee has followed us over here”

I DO NOT BELIEVE THIS! He can smell me! My wet panties are giving away my secret, this is ludicrous. At that moment I became acutely aware of the wetness against my intimate areas. It had gone ice cold and my panties were beginning to stick to my crevices. There was also a dampness against my leg from the various drips and drops down my leg. In that moment I must have been blushing bright red with shame, I felt totally humiliated and I wanted nothing more than to get away from this situation.

“anyway, I shouldn’t be outside, I will see you later on thanks again” just like that he was gone.

Thank the lord. I came into my home and slammed the door behind me and locked it, then did the same with my wooden inner door. I went left into my bathroom and I took a few deep breaths, all kinds of thoughts in my head but my prior humiliation had turned into uncontainable excitement.

I removed my tank top and took a handful of my right breast and began squeezing and massaging with the delicacy I am accustomed too. I stripped off my dark bottoms, which had become damp at the front and back where my panties had been pressing into the material, but blessedly nothing was visible. I dashed upstairs in nothing but my cold, wet purple panties again and dumped my dark bottoms in the washing basket and returned to my naughty fun in the bathroom.

Stood in nothing but my panties I began rubbing my clit, my whole body was pulsing and the cold wetness against my intimate areas was driving me into a frenzy. I grabbed my soaked joggers which were sodden, heavy and very cold and smelled of fresh wee, I pressed the wetness into my breasts. My fingers were going ten to the dozen, my whole body was convulsing and shaking. I could feel myself becoming more and more sticky. All si could think about was the moment I was now in, nothing else mattered. It was just me and my carnal desire. Just a few brief moments of pure bliss.

So, there I was lying in a puddle of my own making. Wet, cold, sticky panties. My sodden grey joggers pressed into my breast so I could feel the wetness on every intimate surface. Convulsing with pleasure. I had to do this again. The sooner the better.

The thought crossed my mind though, does he know my secret?

*004*2020-04-04 16:57

{{On 3/28/2020 at 8:42 AM, rebeljaffa said:

Sure he does! I told him This is fantastic!! Being in the UK I can relate to the recycle bin and everything... Just wish my name was Stuart

}}

{{On 4/1/2020 at 10:34 PM, PixelatedHeart said:

This is GREAT. Completely realistic, and fantastic writing.

}}

{{15 hours ago, akiravadel said:

Nice! That's super embarrassing but really hot

}}

Thank you all for the kind words, it’s much appreciated

