Bay's Pokemon Omo Shorts - Page 2

Author: ShyBay

*025*2019-03-29 01:45

Bonus:

Doesn't quite match any of my stories but I thought that I'd share it anyway.

$$

*026*2019-05-30 09:12

Something short that I just made.

I had a meeting for my work to attend to. They let you bring one small pokemon with you to keep you company. I chose Bubbles the minun to take with me. He's just too cute to resist. From my work, it was a bus ride to a regional office that workers from all of the local branches would be attending. Nothing of particular note happened at the meeting aside from a poochyena peeing on someones foot which I thought was hilarious. It wasn't until the ride back home that things got really interesting though.

Bubbles and I sat close to the back of the bus. It wasn't more than a few minutes after the bus left that Bubbles said “I need to pee.” “You should've gone before we left.” I said. “The bus won't be stopping until we're back to work.”

“Put me in my ball then.”

“Sorry. I didn't bring it because I though that I didn't need it.”

Bubbles moaned annoyed. He hadn't gone since before the first bus ride so I knew that he must be getting full. As time passed on, I could see Bubbles' desperation increasing. He just looked uncomfortable at first but he eventually had his paws on his crotch trying to hold it in. I felt so bad for him. He was suffering and I couldn't help him. Not wanting him to be in any more pain, I decided to do something rash.

“Oh, Bubbles. I can't stand to see you like this anymore. Please just pee.”

“What? In the bus?”

“There's nothing else that can be done. I just want you to feel better.”

“Won't I get you in trouble for this though?”

“I don't care. I just want you to feel better. Don't feel bad about it. Just empty yourself.”

He sat there for a little bit longer, still seeming reluctant. Eventually, I used my hand to push his legs apart. He looked up at me. I just nodded. He looked back down and closed his eyes and began taking deep breaths. I took my hand away as I knew he was going to do it at this point. With one more extra deep inhale and a grunt, he began to release.

His stream quickly became very strong, splashing against the seat in front of us. His strong, golden stream glistened in the sun that was coming through the window. He sighed from his growing relief. I put my hand on his head to comfort him and he gave me a huge smile in return. He was just the cutest thing ever right there; smiling and peeing in the bus. His pee was now dripping from the seat in front of us onto the floor. His stream started fluctuating as his bladder was nearly empty and it eventually died off.

I then picked up Bubbles and moved us a few seats forward and to the other side of the bus. Thankfully, nobody noticed what we had did. Bubbles stayed in my lap hugging me. He sighed again.

“That felt so good...”

I petted him. “I'm so glad that you're all better. I couldn't stand to see you suffering.”

“Thank you. That was... actually kind of fun too.”

I giggled and held him tighter. “Yeah. You were always a bit of a naughty one. I love you for it. It makes you more cute to me.”

He didn't say anything and instead just held tightly onto me. Nothing else mattered to me right now. Bubbles was relieved and happy. I couldn't have cared even if someone had caught us. He was the only thing that was important now.

*028*2020-01-01 11:59

%https://www.furaffinity.net/view/33623597/

Never posted this here because it's not real omorashi but maybe someone from here would still want to read it.

If you don't already have one, you'll need to make an account with furaffinity to view the story but doing so is free and relatively fast.

*029*2020-01-18 06:13

Might not qualify as omorashi but whatever.

Pichanu and I finally found the time to go on vacation for a while. The two of us didn't have a lot of money but we did have friends. We were able to cover the cost by sharing a room with our good friends Bubbles and Aqua. We all liked to hang out together so we were actually happy to all be together.

Our spot of choice was far south; Arisara to be more specific. It was pleasantly warm there compared to the chill of the approaching winter in our home region. It was, perhaps, even a bit too warm there. While we were out playing and exploring, we found ourselves drinking a bit more than usual to stay hydrated.

We spent a lot of time playing on the beaches of which there was a lack of near home. Aqua and I challenged the waves together while Pichanu and Bubbles sometimes jumped in for a bit but spent a lot more time on the beach. Other times, we went exploring the jungle trails. It was a land unlike any of us had ever seen before.

At the end of the day, we retreated to our rented hotel room to relax. It was small and had a bed that was low to the ground. It was made for small pokemon like the four of us. Despite this, we had no problem all getting comfortable in bed at night. Up to this point, everything was going very well for us. It wasn't until the third night there that things changed.

Sometime, very early in the morning, when it was still dark outside, I was awoken by Pichanu's movement. The two of us always slept tightly snuggled up so it was inevitable that we would wake the other up when we moved. As I opened my eyes, I saw Pichanu's yellow figure staring back at me. She spoke.

“I'm sorry. I need to go tinkle though.”

I yawned. “I guess I should too while I'm awake.”

The two of us stretched and then rolled out of bed making it creak just slightly. As this was an area where bathrooms were still a luxury, our room didn't have a private one so we had to walk to a communal one. The problem arose as soon as we got there.

“Umm... Bay. This doesn't look good.”

“What's wrong?”

“There's a sign on the door that says closed for maintenance.”

“Oh. I wonder what happened. It was open last evening. Will it still open?”

She tried the door. “No. It's locked.”

“Annoying. Well, it's no big deal. We can go pee outside. I doubt that anyone else will be awake at this time of day.”

“Yeah. Good idea.”

Pichanu and I continued down the hallway toward the front entrance. The whole time that we had been walking, I had noticed a strange noise but it didn't become apparent what it was until we opened the doors.

“Oh no! It's absolutely pouring out here! I don't wanna go out in that. We'll get soaked!”

“I don't blame you.” I responded.

“Now what do we do?”

“Let's look around. Maybe we'll figure out something.”

“What else is there?”

“That's what we still need to figure out.”

“Umm. Okay. I really don't feel like taking a shower so let's have a look at least.”

I nodded. This time, we walked around the other way toward our room looking for any alternative places for bladder relief. We were almost all the way back to our room when something caught my attention. It was a door that was just barely cracked open. Curiously, I slowly pushed it open and peeked inside. It was a guest room identical to our own. After noticing that it was vacant, I walked right in.

“Bay, what are you doing?” Pichanu asked.

“It's empty. This is our chance.”

“What do you mean?”

“Our chance to take a pee unnoticed.”

“What? You think that we should pee in this room?”

“It'll be okay. After all, once it's out of us, it's not our problem anymore.”

“Won't someone have to clean up after us though?”

“Yeah but it would be there fault in the first place for not giving us a proper place to relieve ourselves.”

“Hmm... I don't really like the idea but I don't like having an aching bladder even more. Ok. I'll do it.”

I smiled and nodded at her. “It'll be like those other times that we went inside together.”

“True. Let's just go.”

I nodded again. We slipped in and closed the door behind us but left it cracked open as not to make any noise. The carpet in the room was white; perfect for us to leave our marks behind. Pichanu walked to the middle of the room and squatted down. I walked right next to her and lifted my leg opposite of her. We just stood there like that for a few seconds.

“I... I'm still a little nervous about this.” She eventually said.

I took one of my front legs and started to pet her behind her ears. “It'll be okay. Just let all of your troubles flow out of your bladder and enjoy the sweetness of relief.”

After a few more seconds of relaxing to my loving strokes, I heard the splatter of her pee hitting the carpet. I started going myself right then. There the two of us were staining this carpet with our golden liquid so that we could be relieved. We knew that what we were doing was wrong but it felt so good and it was actually quite fun to go together.

It was no more then thirty seconds until both of us were emptied of our urine. Before even moving from our spots, we nuzzled our cheeks together; a loving activity that we do all the time in bed. We even sneaked in a small kiss as evidence of our affection for each other. “I love you, Bay.” “I love you too.”

We eventually did get up to leave; but, there he was. Bubbles was staring right at us.

“Ahh! B-B-Bubbles!” Pichanu stammered.

“Umm. Hi.” He responded.

“You saw that whole thing, didn't you?” I asked.

“Well, most of it.” He said.

“You-You'll keep this a secret, right?” Pichanu asked.

“Of course. It's safe with me. I wouldn't turn my friends in; and, besides, I need to go too.”

“You too?” She asked again.

“Well, yeah. Everyone does sometime.” He said.

“In that case, you might as well just help yourself.” I said.

“I was planning on it.” He responded.

Bubbles then walked over to the side of the bed. I immediately knew what he was up to. He got down on all fours and hoisted a leg up against the side of the bed aiming his penis at it. Bubbles liked to pee with a leg lifted into something and the bed just so happened to be his unlucky target.

Without any second though, Bubbles began to drench the side of the bed with his own golden waterfall. I watched from behind observing how it soaked into the bottom of the bed and flowed down into a puddle on the carpet. There was just something about seeing my friends relieve themselves in a naughty place that I liked. I guess it's because they're getting what's best for them at the cost of whatever ends up having to soak up their mess.

It didn't take long for Bubbles to empty himself. He took a hop forward to avoid stepping in his own product before standing up again to join Pichanu and I. I rubbed his member a little and he smiled at me.

“Oh. Now that I'm thinking about it, Aqua got woken up too. She was with me. I wonder where she went.”

“Oh really? I bet she's still nearby. Let's look.” I said.

Sure enough, there she was right outside the door.

“I can't believe what I saw you doing.” She said nervously.

“Yeah. It was naughty but we had to pee somewhere and that place worked out well for us.” I replied.

“True... But still.”

“You should just go too. I'm sure you have to.”

“What!? No! I couldn't! I mean, I do have to go but there's no way that I'm going on the floor.”

“Let me help you then.” I pushed her into the room.

“Ahh! What are you doing!?”

I didn't say anything else. Pichanu and Bubbles just watched curiously. With Aqua safely inside, I stopped pushing on her.

“I already told you that I'm not doing this!”

“Just relax. Nothing bad will happen.” I started stroking her.

“I... can't... pee here.”

“I'm gonna help you. Now, close your eyes.” She did somewhat reluctantly. I continued petting. “Now, let your whole body relax. You're at peace as I lovingly stroke you.” She took a deep breath and I felt some of her tension disappear. “Good. Now, think about your bladder. You've gotta go so you go out looking. You soon find that good spot outside where you can go and nobody will see you. Then, you ease yourself and let your bladder do the rest.”

I heard a short hiss shooting into the carpet but it quickly stopped. Aqua stopped realizing what she had done. “Nobody will see you here. You're safe to let it all out.” I comforted her as I continued petting. After a moment more of relaxation and with a deep breath, she finally managed to get a weak but constant stream flowing out of her. With my comfort, she was eventually able to get herself going at full force; her own golden shower wreaking havoc on the pristine carpet below. I could see that she was still really embarrassed; but, she was peeing and that's what mattered.

She continued her soaking until her bladder was empty too. Shame, embarrassment and relief were all visible in her face at the same time. It was quite strange.

“There. All better.” I said.

“I... Umm... Guess?”

“Well, we've all gone now. Let's head back to our room.”

“Wait. Bubbles did too?”

“Yup. Relief was group effort today and we all played our part.”

“I... Uhh... I suppose that I feel better.”

“Good. I'm glad to hear that. Let's go now.”

“Okay.”

As we turned around, we saw Pichanu and Bubbles looking at us; both smiling. Without any more words, the four of us left behind our stains and headed back to our room. We were still tired. All four of us snuggled up tightly into one big group hug as we let ourselves drift back into the bliss of sleep.

*031*2020-01-18 06:28

Bay likes to step up and help out when his friends need it. Aqua is quite timid so sometimes she needs a little push.

*033*2020-01-23 18:02

{{On 1/21/2020 at 12:21 AM, HopBop said:

The first one in this thread is super cute! Pichanu seems super sweet!

}}

Thanks. Cuteness is my aim. Pichanu is quite a sweetheart though she does come up as a bit of a tomboy at times. If you've only read the first story so far, there is a lot of development on her in a different world as a pikachu. Same name, different look, very similar personality.

*034*2020-09-18 11:50

♂Bay(me); mudkip | ♀Aqua; marill | ♀Pichanu; pikachu | ♂Bubbles; minun

It was another typical day for us. I aroused from my sleep in Pichanu's arms. I yawned lightly before getting up. Pichanu then woke up too. We stretched and then walked outside for a tinkle. We had a filling of berries for breakfast and then got to work for the day.

We got a job offer today that sounded quite dark so we decided to act on it right away. The description was vague but it said that a pokemon was being held for ransom by a gang of criminals. We were also able to get a fairly good idea of where the pokemon was being held. Not knowing how many foes we might be up against, we brought Bubbles along for this mission to assist with discharge. Aqua came along with us too for support.

After getting ready to go, we walked off into the deep woods toward where we thought we needed to go. It was a quite hot summer day. Pichanu and Bubbles drank a lot of the water that we brought with us. Aqua and I drank our body water when needed. It took us longer than anticipated but we eventually found a tunnel that matched the description of the message. It was dark but we headed inside. Pichanu used her electricity to light up the tunnel.

The place that we found ourselves in was practically a labyrinth. We were constantly running into dead ends. I used my good sense of direction to work out which ways that we already tried. It ended up mostly being a waste of time as we eventually found our way to central chamber.

Before we could even see anything ahead, an ice shard flew at us and hit me right of the forehead. I was dazed but shook it off. We rushed inside to confront the attacker. We saw a magmar, a rhydon and a spheal.

“Shoot! Discharge will be useless here. We'll have to battle them more directly.” I said.

“No problem! Let's do this!” Pichanu responded.

Bubbles didn't say anything but instead used signal beam. Aqua backed us up from behind hydro pump. Bubbles' attack missed the spheal but Aqua's hit rhydon right on slamming it into the wall behind. Magmar fired flamethrower at me but I blocked the attack with water gun.

Pichanu ran to finish off rhydon while spheal fired aurora beam at Bubbles. The attack hit Bubbles giving him a chill. Before the spheal could do anything else, though, Aqua jumped out from behind and hit it with play rough. Meanwhile, Pichanu jumped at rhydon and swung with iron tail. Rhydon managed to just move his head out of the way. He then countered with headbutt slamming his horn into Pichanu's belly and badly hurting her.

Marmar and I were having a straight up battle of fire vs. water. The result isn't hard to figure out. I quickly overwhelmed her fire powers. After getting in closer, I swung repeatedly with aqua tail. My flailing mudkip tail made quick work of her.

Aqua stayed in close to spheal blocking attacks with water and lunging in with play rough. As soon as Bubbles recovered, he jumped in with thunder punch and finished spheal off. Rhydon was closing in for another hit on Pichanu but Aqua managed to hit him with hydro pump again. She pushed him closer to me where I was able to finish him off.

It was over. I rushed to Pichanu's side.

“Pichanu! Are you okay?”

“Uhhnnn... Yeah. I'm fine.”

I helped her stand back up. Aqua and Bubbles circled around. Pichanu leaned on me.

Bubbles: “It looks like we're in the clear now.”

Aqua: “Are you okay, Pichanu?”

Pichanu: “Yeah yeah. I'll be fine.”

Bay: “Let's keep moving. The pokemon that we're looking for can't be far.”

Pichanu: “Yeah. Let's get going.”

Pichanu moaned as she tried to move and leaned on me harder. I was happy to be her support though. We walked a bit farther in and then we saw our client. It was a female plusle restrained to the wall with braces of ice. “H-hey. Are you here to save me?” She asked.

Pichanu: “Yeah. Hold still.”

Pichanu used brick break to smash through the ice. As soon as her paws were free, the plusle shoved them in between its legs. We were all surprised by this.

Aqua: “What's wrong?”

“I really-really need to pee!” She said. “They've had me frozen here all day!”

Aqua: “How awful! Let's get you outside.”

Bubbles: “By the way, what's your name?”

“Oh. I'm Tera.” She responded.

Pichanu: “Neat.”

Bubbles: “Let's go. I feel like I have to go too.”

Aqua: “... Me too now that you mention it.”

Bay: “I don't think that we've even stopped yet all day. I'm sure everyone needs some good relief.”

Pichanu nodded. Just then, we heard a slamming sound behind us. The passage that we came through was completely sealed off. Aqua rushed over but it was too late. “Haha. Losers. Now we've got all of you in there!” We heard calling back.

Aqua: “Oh nooo! We're trapped!”

Bay: “Calm down Aqua. We're okay.”

Aqua: “But we're totally stuck here!!”

I hugged and petted her. “Just relax. We're okay.” She slowly started calming down as I stroked her. She was still shaking though.

Pichanu: “Stand back. I'll get us out of here.”

I nudged Aqua away from the wall. Pichanu started beating away at it with brick break and iron tail. She didn't do very much damage though. It was just too thick. She gave it a good effort but she just couldn't break it. She backed down and panted. Right after that. I heard a groan.

Tera: “I can't hold it anymore! I can't!”

Bubbles: “She's about to lose it.”

Bay: “There's nowhere to even hide in here.”

Tera: “I don't care! I need to go now!” She waddled over to the corner of the room.

Aqua: “You're not about to go in here, are you?”

Tera: “I'm sorry. I can't take it anymore.”

After saying that, she squatted down and instantly started soaking the ground beneath her. She moaned loudly as the relief hit her hard. It quickly pooled and started flowing outward. It reached her feet but she felt too good to care. She just kept going and going until her pee stream finally died off.

Pichanu: “Well... That just happened.”

Bubbles: “Now I have to go even worse.”

Aqua: “Oh no. Me too.”

The scent of Tera's urine began to fill the room reminding the four of us of our growing needs. Bubbles moaned and slipped a paw down to hold himself. I crossed my legs ever so slightly. Aqua and Pichanu were becoming noticeably uncomfortable as well.

Tera: “I'm sorry. This is my fault.”

Bay: “Don't blame yourself. You did what you had to.”

Pichanu: “Y-yeah. I don't blame you either.”

Tera: “Wow. You are all so nice.”

Bay: “That's why we made our rescue team; to help pokemon in need.”

Tera: “Thank you. I wish that there was something that I could do.”

Aqua: “No need. You could barely even help yourself.”

Bubbles: “Ugh. Man... Gotta go. How long are we going to be stuck here?”

Bay: “I don't know. Just do your best to hold in there.”

As we sat around, we pondered a way for us to get out. Nothing that worked came to us though. We quickly found our bladders too much to hold anymore. Every time that I noticed Tera's puddle of urine, my own bladder throbbed with need.

Bubbles: “Bay, don't think badly of me but I can't hold it in anymore.”

Bay: “I won't. I'm not doing well myself. I don't blame you.”

Bubbles: “Okay. I'm going then.”

Bubbles lifted a leg up against the wall. Despite all of us watching, he started emptying himself. His stream hit off the bottom of the wall and quickly pooled below. He sighed and closed his eyes as his bladder emptied. Aqua and Pichanu looked away but I kept my eyes on him finding it cute that he couldn't hold it in anymore.

Pichanu: “I'm gonna go too. The sound is too much.”

Pichanu squatted down next to me looking at me expectantly. I nodded and patted her behind her ear. After being reassured, she began to pee too. She rubbed up against me and I noticed a light sigh escape from her. Her urine was quite loud splashing on the ground below.

I decided that it was my time as well. I lifted my leg away from Pichanu and started making my own puddle. Aqua tried to cover her eyes and look away. I felt bad for her but it couldn't be helped. Pichanu soon finished up and so did I. Bubbles was already standing next to us.

I knew that Aqua had to go just as bad as the rest of us. She was just too timid to do it on her own. I walked up from behind and rested a paw on her to which she jumped a little. After she realized that it was me, I started rubbing my paw on the back of her head.

Bay: “Okay, Aqua. It's time for you to go now.”

Aqua: “But I can't. Everyone is looking.”

Bay: “Don't worry about them. They won't bother you.”

Aqua: “How though? How could I just pee in front of everyone?”

Bay: “Just relax, Aqua. Close your eyes and focus on the comfort of my paw.

She did as I said. She became noticeably less tense and her breathing became longer and deeper.

Aqua: “Uhh... Can everyone look away? Please?”

Pichanu: “Sure, Aqua.”

I looked back to see them. Tera and Pichanu were looking away. Bubbles kind of was but was still peeking.

Bay: “They're not looking. Go ahead and pee.”

Aqua: “C-can you hug me? I'm still scared.”

Bay: “... Sure.”

I moved around to Aqua's front and rested my paws on her. I started stroking her as I looked into her eyes.

Bay: “Go ahead.” I whispered to her.

After a deep breath. She began to urinate. I could hear her puddle splashing beneath me. She let out a long sigh feeling so good from the bladder relief. I continued to pet and hug her while she went. After her shower was over, she opened her eyes and smiled at me. I kissed her to which she kissed back.

Pichanu: “Okay. So we've all went now. Now we just have to figure out how to get out of here.”

Bubbles: “Yeah.”

Tera: “Hey. Unrelated but I couldn't help but notice what a brilliant rescue team badge that you have.”

Bay: “Yeah. We're a high class rescue team. Of course, we still have bladders to deal with just the same.”

Tera: “Haha. I can see that.”

Pichanu: “Wait a minute... We could've just used our badges to get out of here to begin with!”

Bay: “... Duh! I'm an idiot.”

Aqua: “It's not your fault Bay. All of us should have remember but none of us did.”

Bay: “... I suppose you're right. Let's just get out of here.”

Tera: “Oh I'm so happy! I haven't seen sunlight for two days!”

Aqua: “Poor you.”

Bubbles: “Let's go. It smells awful in here.”

Bay: “Yeah. We all really had to go.” I chuckled.

Pichanu held up her badge toward Tera to which she was beamed away. The four of us then escaped using our own. We all beamed back to the team base. We were surprised to see that it was completely dark outside already.

Pichanu: “Whoa. It's really late already.”

Tera: “I don't like the dark.” She moved closer to Bubbles.

Bay: “How about this. Let's just all stay at the base for tonight. We all need a good rest after what we've been through.”

Bubbles: “Sounds good to me.”

Aqua: “I'm in.”

Bay: “Tera?”

Tera: “Yes. Please. I'm happy to.”

Pichanu: “All right then. Let's get some dinner and then head off to bed.”

The rest of us nodded. We piled inside after the other. We then proceeded to have a near buffet of popcorn. We all filled up and were tired after. Aqua really wanted to sleep with me which I was happy about. I curled up around her as we laid under the blankets. Aqua squeezed me in a cuddle.

Aqua: “Good night, Bay. I love you.”

Bay: “I love you too. You too, Bubbles and Pichanu.”

Pichanu: “I love you all.”

Bubbles: “Yeah. Me too.”

Tera: “Goodnight, everyone. Thanks again for letting me stay over.”

Bay: “Our pleasure. Just relax and get some sleep.”

Aqua and I continued to cuddle affectionately. Aqua's belly, which was lightly pulsating as she breathed, lulled me to sleep. We slept very well that night.

*036*2021-02-23 15:25

Almost forgot about this site lol.

My name is Candice. I'm an oshawott and a student studying hydrodynamics at Bombiwa University. I was very stressed out today. I had a big exam today and I wasn't sure that I would pass. As soon as I woke up, I went right to studying; not even taking the time for a morning pee. I needed to study as much as I could in the hour or so that I could before I had to go in for the test.

I knew already that my bladder was going to be an issue but I decided that it would have to wait because passing the test was more important. My bladder was already starting to feel pretty full as I sat in my room and looked over my notes. I started to wonder about how long the test might be but I soon snapped out of it remembering that I needed all the time that I had to study.

Finally, the time came that I had to go. As I stood up, I was reminded of my growing need. At this point, I needed to rush to class so I had to put it off again. Walking made me realize just how badly I needed to go but I figured that I could just ask for a restroom break during the test if I couldn't finish the exam in time.

So I took my seat and started to get to work. I felt like I was doing well. My studying made me more confident that I would pass. I was trying hard to focus on the test but my bladder kept bugging me. I crossed my feet and did my best to ignore it but it was just too much to not notice. “I can hold it for a bit longer.” I thought to myself.

Suddenly, there was an announcement over the intercom. A drug search was being conducted and everyone would have to stay in their current room until it was over. “Oh great.” I thought. Now I would have to try to hold it for however long it would take for them to finish. I worried about it but then determined that I could do it. I would finish the exam and my full bladder would not hold me back!

I got back to work. It didn't take long for my bladder to start bugging me again, worse than before. I let out a slight moan of discomfort. After realizing I did that, I looked around, self conscious. Thankfully, nobody else seemed to notice. At this point, I knew that it would only get worse but I had to hold out.

Soon, just crossing my feet wasn't enough to ease the pressure anymore. I squirmed around in my seat trying to find a position that felt better. I knew that I had to be attracting attention at this point but I didn't look to save myself the embarrassment. “Just got to focus. Don't think about it; just focus on the test... Just fo-CUS!”

My thoughts were interrupted as I felt my bladder contract. I managed to stop it but I looked down and saw that there was a drop of urine on the tip of my penis. Now I was starting to worry. I wasn't sure if I could hold until the stupid drug search was over. Stupid drugs... Why do then even have to exist?

I decided that I would need to hold myself with a paw at this point. I placed it down between my feet in the most discrete way that I could. Nothing could ease the discomfort anymore. I just had to endure. I have no idea how long it took me but I did eventually make it to the final page of the exam. I did my best to stifle my moans of pain. I knew I couldn't last much longer.

Suddenly, my bladder contracted again sending out a small spurt dampening my paw and dripping onto the floor a little bit. I looked around nervously but it seemed that nobody else noticed. I didn't make me feel much better though as I knew that the worst was yet to come.

By now, I had finished my test and resorted to trying my hardest to contain my bladder. I was squeezing myself hard but I couldn't stop a steady trickle of urine beads making their way out. I thought that I was about to lose it; but, just then, the intercom came back on. The search was over.

I jumped out of my seat and rushed out as fast as I could without making myself leak any more than I already was. I didn't want a bunch of others to see how desperate I was so I decided to go a little bit farther to my dorm's shared bathroom. The way that it was set up is that there was a single bathroom per four rooms.

I waddled my way there holding myself tightly whenever there was nobody around to see. After a painstaking few minutes, I finally made it back to my hallway and the restroom door was in sight. I was so close! I could almost feel the relief already!

Finally, I had made it. I quickly pushed down on the door handle but it didn't move. “Oh no! Someone is already in there!” My hope was crushed. I couldn't hold it anymore. A spurt shot out of me, soon followed by another... and another. I tried my hardest to stop it but it just had no effect at this point.

Soon, there was a powerful stream of urine shooting out of me and hitting the door in front of me. I knew that it was over. There was nothing that I else that I could do at this point. I slowly relaxed myself and gave into my bladder's need. My stream was now shooting out of me at full force splashing off the door and puddling on the thin carpet below. I let out a long, loud sigh of relief. I didn't care about anything else at this point. I was emptying myself and nothing was going to stop me.

Finally, my stream started to die down. I pushed out the last few spurts and sighed again. I felt so good. Never before had I experienced such a strong feeling of relief. I then looked down at the puddle I made. It was huge! Suddenly, I snapped back into reality and became self aware. I looked around, but, thankfully, nobody was around. I took the opportunity and rushed back into my room.

Once I was safely back inside, I let out a long sigh again. I couldn't believe what I had just done but I wasn't even upset. I was empty and that's all that mattered right now. I climbed into bed and relaxed. I didn't care if I fell asleep. I wasn't going to the rest of my classes that day. I would just say that I didn't feel good. That really couldn't have been further from the truth but I was not leaving my room again today after all that had happened.

Oh. And I did pass the exam... So yay... I guess...

*038*2021-04-10 07:30

Forgot about this site AGAIN. lol. This goes along with one of my previous stories.

$$

*039*2021-04-28 06:49

For those who are actually interested in my stuff, I have more non-omorashi related stories on my Furaffinity (most of the other stuff still contains urine anyway lol).

%https://www.furaffinity.net/user/shybay/

*040*2021-08-31 18:30

Just realized that it's the fourth anniversary of my first post here. Although I'm not so active here anymore I felt like I should do something for the occasion so I'll share a new version of my first story ever.

Virtual Bladder

I'm Bay; a human/kinda mudkip that lives closely with a number of pokemon. Yeah. It's complicated but I'll explain it another time. Anyway, at this point, it was just me and my female raichu friend named Pichanu. We had lived peacefully just the two of us for a long time but Pichanu had a little 'incident' one day. She'll take over here and share our experience.

I was excited for today! Bay had agreed to play a game of Kirby Airride. Kirby Airride only uses one button and the control stick. The controls are so simple, even a pokemon like me with no fingers can learn how to play it. So, anyway, I felt like I should maybe pee before we started but I was excited and eager to play. Bay didn't play all that much anymore so I was ready to get into it.

Despite all of the experience that I had playing the game, Bay was a true master and I would never be able to reach his greatness... To him, I bet I was like an annoying bug that was just there bothering him sometimes but not a problem for him to crush.

But, with that said, Bay turned on the Gamecube and we started to play together. Things were going very different than usual though. I was beating Bay 4-0! For comparison, I usually don't beat Bay more than three times a day, if I'm lucky, let alone four times in a row! It was very exciting for me to finally be conquering Bay for once! It made me just not want to stop playing! After the four rounds, which take about ten minutes each, I could feel my bladder getting fuller; but I thought “Bay drinks a lot of water... Surely he'll have to go soon. I'll just go then.”

We got back into two more rounds and; amazingly, I beat Bay both of these rounds too! We were both stunned at my lucky streak. I was feeling quite a bit of pressure in my bladder now. I was surprised that Bay didn't call for a bathroom break yet. It wasn't like him to not go after four or five rounds. Probably he was just steamed at being beaten so much and was determined to beat me before he took a break.

We played another three rounds. Bay finally beat me on the first of these, I won the second and we tied on the third. With an hour and a half passed after I should have already peed, my bladder was hurting a bit, but I was determined to keep going.

We played through five more rounds. This was getting crazy because Bay usually doesn't even play this many games at once. Bay won all five of these rounds; as usual... By now, I was groaning slightly and squirming because I had to pee so badly. Although we were in another round, I finally moaned loudly enough that Bay heard it.

“Huh? What's wrong, Pichanu?” He paused the game and asked me.

“I...I really have to pee!” I said.

“A lot?”

“Yeah. Really badly...”

“Well, if you really have to go that badly, why didn't you just tell me you had to go sooner?”

“I thought for sure that, by now, you would have taken a break to go pee yourself and I could've just gone then.”

Bay thought about it for a moment. “Hmm... Now that I think about it, it is unusual for me to have not taken a bathroom break by now... But, if you had to pee, you should've just told me. I would've stopped the game at any time if I knew you had to go.”

“I know... I just really didn't want to stop playing...”

“...Because you were beating me so much? Gosh! You've beaten me more times today than you usually do in a month! I guess that's a legitimate reason to be hyped into playing more than you should.”

“Yeah, I was excited too much... Can we go pee now? I don't think that I can hold it much longer...”

“Yeah, I'll take you out. Just climb up in my arms. I'll carry you there.”

Despite being a normally sized raichu, Bay could pick me up and carry me around easily. He was a lot stronger than one would expect by looking at him. He picked me up and carried me to the bedroom door. Upon reaching the door and trying to turn the knob, there was a problem. “Dang it! This stupid thing is jammed again! I'll have to put you down to try to open it.” He said.

He sat me on the floor and grabbed the knob tightly with both hands and tried to pull it open, but it was still no use. The door didn't budge... Bay was getting angry now. He grunted and clenched his fists. Then, out of nowhere, he charged at the door and kicked it open in one fell swoop. It was loud and scary! In that moment, I lost my focus and a small spurt of urine trickled out of me wetting the carpet below.

Bay turned around and looked back at me and saw that I had leaked a little bit and knew I couldn't make it much longer. He picked me up again and carried me into the large living room. Getting outside the bedroom, he looked back for a moment at the doorknob, which was still jammed in the door frame. “It was about time that I replaced that stupid door anyway...” He said.

In the living room, there were three other doors, one that led outside, one to a bathroom, and another to a spare bedroom. He was going to carry me outside, but we were terrified to see the situation out there. “Why does it have to be hailing right now at this particular moment in time?...” He said. I moaned feeling my chance for blissful release slipping away.

Bay spoke again “Well, I can't let you out there. I don't want you to get hurt.”

I moaned a bit again but didn't say anything. I was focusing on keeping my pee inside me as I felt the control over my bladder getting weaker.

“I'll take you into the bathroom.” He said. “You can pee in the tub again, okay?”

I nodded quickly. Bay tried to open the bathroom door, but a familiar problem occurred.

“What?! This stupid door is jammed too! It won't even budge at all!”

“Bay, I don't think that I can hold it any longer! I'm going to burst any second now!”

Bay looked around the room, but there seemed to be no quick alternative. We were stuck between a hailstorm, a bathroom that we couldn't get into and my failing bladder. Not knowing what else he could possibly do, Bay sat me down on the floor. “I wish you had told me that you had to pee sooner, because now we're really stuck. I just can't bear to make you go out in the hailstorm though. I can tell that you can't hold it much longer, so there's only one choice: you'll just have to pee on the floor.”

I was stunned that Bay would even suggest something like that! I had been a good pet ever since Bay had gotten me and I had never peed on his floor before. I felt like I would lose my reputation if I let this happen. There must have been something else that we could've done, but Bay set on his decision and I was struggling too much to hold in my pee to think of anything myself. Despite this, I still wanted to protest about it.

“But Bay... I can't just do that... It feels so wrong...”

He bent down beside me and started petting the back of my head gently. “It's okay. I care more about you than my carpet. You're my friend, and I can't blame you for a simple accident. I'm not mad at you at all. I just want what's best for you' so go ahead. Just relax and pee. I can always clean it up then...”

I sat still for a moment thinking about what Bay had just told me. I could tell by the way that he spoke that he really did care and that this is what he was honestly suggesting that I do. Comforted by Bay, I began to relax; then, my bladder took over. Although still sitting down, I was beginning to pee in a large stream. My urine gushed out quickly forming a yellow puddle on the carpet which rapidly expanded as more and more pee kept bursting out of me. An incredible sense of naughtiness washed over me as I watched myself drench the carpet but it was quickly replaced by a feeling of pure relief.

Still conscious about what I was doing, I looked back up to Bay with a worried expression. He nodded back at me and began to rub his cheek up against mine. It was something that we did often when we cuddled together and he knew that I loved it. With reassurance from Bay, I was peeing at full force now. I just let go and enjoyed the overwhelming feeling of relief from finally emptying myself. I sighed. It felt so good...

When I was done, I looked down at the huge mess that I had made. I was surprised that I could even hold that much pee! The puddle had gotten the bottoms of my legs wet since I had sat on the floor. Bay found a towel nearby. He picked me up and wiped me off lovingly with it. I could see it in his face. He truly wasn't mad at me. He just wanted to comfort me in my time of need. My heart was warmed by this and it brought a little smile to my face despite what had just happened. Seeing me smile, Bay got a bigger smile on his face too. He gave me a nice, big hug, and we were both happy again.

“Feeling better now?” He asked.

“Yes. A lot better. I'm just ashamed that I had to pee on the floor...”

“Aww, don't worry about it. We all have accidents sometimes and I would have trouble getting mad at you even if I tried. Don't you worry about it anymore. It happened and that's that. All I care is that your problem is taken care of now.”

I took great comfort in his words. I had just left a huge stain on his carpet but he wasn't upset with me at all. It was like I was the only thing that mattered to him. My happiness grew; and, in that moment, I felt closer to Bay than I ever had been before.

I had started to make my way back to the bedroom when I heard another huge bang. I ran back out into the living room to see what was going on. I found the bathroom door now smashed open as well. Unlike the bedroom door, the doorknob had fallen out of the wall when it became detached from the door. Looking at it, Bay said “Oops! It was just locked from the other side somehow!... I wonder how that happened...” He paused for a moment to think. “You know, if anything, this proves my point! We all have accidents and make mistakes, it's just a part of life, and that's why I'm not mad at you!”

I found this both funny and true. I smiled and ran over to Bay. “I'll cuddle,” He said “I just need to pee first.” Bay sat on the toilet and relieved his bladder. I looked out of the bathroom at the spot where I had just gone. Me being happy was the only thing that mattered to Bay right now so I shrugged it off and decided that I wouldn't worry about it any longer.

With both of us having relieved ourselves, we walked back to the bedroom and curled up in bed together. Despite having an unfinished game, all that we wanted to do now was relax and cuddle for a while so that's exactly what we did. I laid up against Bay and purred as he stroked me. Bay loved to hear me purr, so he was happy to pet me now and then, and that made me happy too.

“Should we go back to playing our game?” I asked Bay after a little bit.

“Nah. I don't feel like it... Let's just relax.”

I knew by this that Bay was saying that he was done for the day, but I was okay with that. A nice, long cuddle was just what I needed right now. After dark, the hailstorm had grown into a vicious thunderstorm. We laid in bed, snuggled up to each other as we always are, but it was a bit hard to sleep with all of this booming thunder, so we talked for a little bit before we slept.

“Today was quite a day, wasn't it?” I asked.

“You bet! Even through it all, it was still kind of fun to have something like that happen. It's usually pretty boring and calm around here, so it was exciting to have a little dilemma on our hands.”

“It's kind of embarrassing that I ended up peeing on the carpet, but I'm happy as long as you are, Bay!”

He hugged onto me a little bit tighter. “I know. It's a little embarrassing, especially since it was right in front of me, but I wanted to be there for you.”

“And that makes me happy! I can trust that you'll be there for me if I have another problem!”

“Of course! You can get my help at any time!... Though, admittedly, I found you peeing on the floor to be about the cutest thing ever.”

“Huh?”

“Yeah. You letting go and relieving yourself into the carpet... It was irresistibly cute...”

“Uhh... Well if you say so...”

He laughed and patted me on the head.

Now, about that game that we played earlier. It's crazy that you finally managed to beat me for a whole day! 8 to 7.”

“Yeah! That's something to be proud of I guess.”

“You bet! I guess I'll have to step up my game next time we play.”

“Could you possibly even play any better than what you do now?”

“Of course! I just take it easy on you because you're my pal.”

“Wow, really? Taking it easy on me just to be nice... and you still usually beat me?”

“Well, I'll give you a chance... but not a very big one. Can't make it TOO easy, now can we?” We both giggled. “But, yeah. It was pretty crazy that we played for over two hours straight! No wonder you couldn't hold your bladder!”

“Yeah, but it was very fun!”

“It was, and I'll be up for another game soon!”

I just simply nodded. The urge to sleep was getting to me now. “You ready to sleep yet, Bay?”

“Yeah. Lets get some rest so that we can have another fun day tomorrow!”

I yawned. “Good night, Bay.”

“Have a good rest, Pichanu.” He kissed me softly on the cheek.

The storm raged on but we were tired now. We cuddled up tightly, gradually drifted off to sleep and slept soundly. The next day brought bright, clear skies, under which we basked in another fun day together.

*042*2021-11-05 00:51

I'm open to suggestions if anyone has any good ideas for me. Preferably it should be able to include characters that I've previously used though.

Also, I have been active on Furaffinity but haven't posted anything here recently because it's been non-omorashi content.

*043*2022-01-23 21:51

I think this counts

Pichu M

“Chuuu... I gotta go!” Peechu moaned while holding himself. Earlier that day, Bay had left to do some shopping. Shortly afterward, though, his pokemon discovered their pet door to be jammed. Unknown to them, an ignorant postman had blocked it with a package.

Peechu squirmed. He needed relief now. Playing video games for too long had already stressed his bladder to the point of nearly bursting. His mind raced. Where could he go that Bay wouldn't find out? He looked around the living room and then got an idea. “The crack between the cushions!” Indeed, the couch had a small gap between the cushions.

Peechu waddled over and climbed up, bladder wincing in protest. He moaned again from the feeling but managed to get himself up. With his mind set, he quickly lowered himself to the point that the tops of his feet touched the cushion and his penis pushed down into the crack between the cushions. It did not take more than a second for a powerful stream of urine to begin to be released from the pichu's bladder.

“Aaahhhh... Ooohhh...” Peechu moaned loudly as the pressure in his bladder drained away. He knew that he shouldn't be peeing here but it felt too good to stop. The euphoria of relief was all that he needed right now. His plan was working too. All of his yellowness soaked into the couch and none of it was visible. Peechu sighed eventually finishing up. With a now empty bladder, he jumped back off the couch and got right back to playing more video games.

Jigglypuff F

When Puffly started feeling the need to tinkle, she decided not to wait. She knew how long Bay usually took and she wasn't prepared to hold it for that long. She decided to just get it over with. Puffly walked out into the middle of the living room. Her reasoning is that here would be easy to clean up. She spread her feet apart and bean to pee.

A light splash emanated through the room as Puffly let go. Her urine soaked into the carpet and began to make a growing puddle. She looked down at her wetness expanding and brushed it off. “Nothing else I could've done.” She thought to herself. She was soon done and rejoined the rest of the friends.

Raichu F

Pichanu had tried to push the package away but was not strong enough to be able to do so. Thankfully, she knew what to do in this situation. She went into the bathroom and jumped into the tub. She squatted down in the tub and let go. It made a loud splash as it hit the linoleum. A dark yellow stream formed flowing into the drain. She kept the piddle going until she was completely empty. Unable to reach the knobs, though, she had no choice but to leave Bay to finish cleaning up after her once he got back.

Pachirisu F

Pachi saw this as the perfect opportunity to take a naughty tinkle in the house without any consequence. She drank lots of soda to make sure that her bladder would fill up fast. Once she did feel the need to pee, she knew exactly where she was going. She excitedly climbed her way into bed. She wasted no time getting herself into a squat over a pillow.

Her tail wagged in excitement. Even before she started, a tingle of naughtiness filled her. Once she finally did start letting go, the feeling intensified. She pushed hard letting out as strong of a stream as she could. Her wetness soon reached both of her feet but she didn't care. She just kept going and going...

Once she was finally done, she looked back at her mess and smiled. She wiped her feet off on the blankets and then fled the scene. Thanks to her heavy drinking, she ended up returning later and adding to the wetness on the bed.

Mudkip M

Tip gazed out over the yellow puddle that Puffly made. He knew it wouldn't be long until he needed to find a spot for his own relief. He thought about it for a minute until he came up with an idea. Sometimes he would pee with Bay on the leg of the bed before they had pleasure together. The spot was already stained so it wouldn't cause any further harm.

He walked into the bedroom to the leg of the bed. He eyed the spot that he had used many times before when he and Bay felt like being naughty. Without a second though, Tip raised a leg at the bed and let go. His stream arced onto the already yellow carpet giving it a renewed wetness.

Peeing here reminded him of what always happens after he uses this spot and he began to get hard. He smiled at the thoughts. Soon his bladder was emptied. He was left with a throbbing erection though. “Guess I should take care of that...” He thought. He jumped into bed and got himself busy with a rolled up blanket.

Minun M

Bubbles tried to be a good pet and hold out for Bay but he eventually reached his limit. He crossed his legs from the stress in his bladder. Feeling the pressure get unbearable, Bubbles started walking around looking for a place that he could go. His nose eventually picked up a scent in the bedroom. He followed it until he found the puddle freshly made by Tip.

“This will work.” He thought. Just like Tip, Bubbles got onto all fours and raised a leg toward the bed frame. After one more second to think, he began to unleash a highly pressurized stream against the bed. It splashed off wildly and droplets went flying all over. Bubbles just couldn't find it in himself to slow down though. The force of his stream emptied his bladder quickly.

Once he was done, Bubbles surveyed the damage. It didn't really look worse that it already had. “Maybe I'll just pee here from now on.” He thought. He brushed it off though after realizing that the smell would get bad quickly.

As Bubbles was about to walk out of the bedroom, he suddenly heard some heavy breathing followed by a moan of pleasure. He turned just in time to see Tip finishing into the blanket. Tip seemingly hadn't noticed him though so he decided to keep it that way. He walked out without another word.

Marill F

Aqua had tried the hardest out of all of the pokemon to not have to pee inside. She held it until she moaned in pain from the pressure. Eventually, it got so bad that she began to leak and spurt on the couch she was sitting on. It was at that point that Aqua couldn't wait any longer.

She heavily regretted what she was about to do but slowly waddled herself to Puffly's puddle and spread her feet around it. It nearly brought her to tears thinking about what she was about to do but she had no choice.

Even though she was full to bursting, Aqua still couldn't get herself going. She wished that Bay was there to give her comfort but she was all alone this time. She thought about the last time that she peed indoors. Bay stroking her lovingly and assuring her that this was okay.

The thoughts eased her mind until nature finally took over. It started off slow but Aqua's stream was soon pounding against the floor and adding to Puffly's puddle. The growing feeling of relief relaxed her even farther until a full force stream was shooting out of her. Aqua didn't feel good about what she was doing but it had to be done.

Embarrassed, Aqua finished emptying herself. She had tried her best but just couldn't help it. She sniffled and ran off to hide her shame.

*045*2022-04-07 21:52

“There it is! Nimeva's house!” Peechu excitedly thought to himself. He heard that there would be a gaming group in the basement and he couldn't be more excited to join in. He was one of the first ones to the party. He got there disappointed to see that nobody else was in the game room yet. With nothing better to do he decided to get himself some soda and start playing himself. He sipped on his soda and began to play.

Just as he felt like he was about to get bored, Kazesuke arrived to play with him.

“Yay! Someone's here!” Peechu said excitedly.

“Oh, hello. Who are you?”

“I'm Peechu. Are you here to play with me?”

“Sure, little guy. What do you want to play.”

“This!” Peechu points to the game that he was playing.

“Okay. Let's do it.”

The two sat down together and played. Peechu noticed that he was starting to feel the need to pee but he now had a friend to play with. He took another big gulp of soda and got back to playing. Soon, there were others joining in as well. Alex and Bay sat down and joined in. Peechu hopped into Bay's lap who was happy to have him close.

The four of them played for a while. Peechu felt the pressure inside him building but he was having too much fun to walk away, especially with how comfortable he was in Bay's lap. Bay took a sip of his drink and then offered it to Peechu who took a drink as well. Bay smiled and patted Peechu on the head.

As they kept playing, Peechu began to cross his feet from the growing need in his bladder but he just couldn't stop playing. He was pretty sure at least Bay knew he had to go but he didn't say anything. He just rubbed Peechu's cheeks and made him relax further. This also made Peechu forget about his bladder and they played on.

After a while, Peechu's need became strong enough that he couldn't ignore it anymore. He squirmed around in Bay's lap. He definitely knew that Bay had to know by now but Bay knew how serious he was about his games so he left him to take care of himself when he wanted to.

“Chuuuu...” Peechu eventually whined. The pressure was becoming too much. He still didn't want to leave but he would soon be peeing whether or not he stayed. While they were in between their next round, Peechu looked up to Bay. Bay simply nodded at him understanding his need. Reluctantly, Peechu decided that it was time to go relieve himself.

He hopped out of Bay's lap and ran upstairs to where the bathroom was. He was soon disappointed to see to see that the bathroom was occupied with a small line in front of it. “Ahh! I can't wait!” Peechu thought in a panic. Peechu thought about going outside but there were other pokemon blocking his way out. In his panic, He ran down the hallway and closed himself into the most hidden room he could find; Nimeva's bedroom.

He really didn't know what he was trying to accomplish but he was in luck. He immediately eyed a pretty flower-patterned vase on the night stand. “I... I gotta!” He accidentally said out loud. Thankfully, he was in a private enough spot that nobody else noticed. Peechu jumped on the bed and shoved his penis into the head of the vase. He immediately started to let loose with a powerful stream.

“Ahh-ahhhhh!” Peechu moaned loudly as the pressure in his bladder drained away. It started with a loud hiss and splatter but quickly changed to a loud splashing as his urine pooled in the bottom of the vase. “Chuuu...” He moaned again as he relaxed himself further. Looking down at the urine he was letting out, he noticed that it was a mostly clear yellow from all the soda he drank. He also picked up the scent of his release, a light but noticeable must. Ignoring it, he sighed and kept letting go. After a solid minute of peeing, Peechu let out his last few spurts into the vase.

The vase was noticeably heavier when he put it back. Peechu felt a bit naughty with what he did but he actually found it kind of fun. He smiled at the vase and then made his way back out of the bedroom. He hopped back down the stairs and back into Bay's lap. Bay noticed the smile on his face. Rather than question it, Bay just patted Peechu on the head and pulled him back in close.
