At my command

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*007*2022-05-03 13:13

There is rain. Some thunders faraway. Nothing much else.

Chloe appears in the doorstep. Nora opens her the door.

"You're finally here. I thought I was going to wait for years until you come back again." Nora says after clearing her throat, kind of sounding like she have cried a few times during the day.

"I bet you are a mess when I'm away huh." She says in her natural coldness, from her usual haughty cheeky voice.

"Why are you always so cold like that." She asks. "I wish the time you were nice would be still active."

They enter Nora's house, which lights are on. They sit on the couch.

"Okay you wanna talk about it already." She says. "I wander how cluelessly you are waiting for me to tell you things that are just obvious."

"What?" Nora says, sadly.

"Urgh. You know why I loved you at first? You were sweet and kind. You did things to me. You were active in our relationship." She explains. "Now you are just letting me do you and then that's it. Where is passion?"

"But what can I do? You have to know I don't have as much confidence as you.. I'm too afraid to lose you to try anything." She admits.

"No. That's bullshit. Why could you do it when in our first year huh?" She refuses. "Tell me one thing you did for me recently."

Nora looks down to her knees.

"There. You see? I do everything between us. And I'm gonna go straight forward. It's time for us to stop." She affirms.

"Wha- You mean us? Together?" She panics.

"Look. I'm either too young to feed kids or too old to be babied. I wanna do things. More than just sex and sunbaths. And like.... We don't have any common passion. I'm so much bored!" She sighs.

"No please, baby! Don't leave me!!" She whimper within sniffs.

"You know. If you would have look at it. You would have seen I weren't much here already." She points at.

Chloe stands up and walks to the door. It is poorly raining outside, so when she open the door, the water flowing noise get indoor easily. Nora approach from her, on the edge of cries.

"Don't leave me... I'm nothing without you babe..." She mumbles, so close to her own mouth, eyes-in-eyes, just when thunder strikes far aways, making a little flash and sound.

Chloe lean to her, and gently, softly kiss her on her lips.

"I hope you can learn your lesson, my dear. You need to behave." She says, before turning around and walking under the rain, until her car.

When she closes the vertical-opening door, Nora wets herself. Still quite protected from the rain under the tiny roof in front of the door, her jeans gets fully wet on her thighs and crotch, until it rivers down to her knees and lower.

She does a sign of waving with her hand, while the car turns on and start driving, throughout the road in middle of the rain, a thunder or two clapping around or away.

