Maya's Revenge

Author: specialflakes

*000*2016-06-14 22:52

So this is technically a continuation of my other story “Grocery Shopping”, but you can still read this on its own. I love revenge stories and I’ve always wanted to write one myself, so here it is. The beginning is kind of slow (meaning there’s no omorashi until later in the story) but it will get there eventually. Enjoy!

* * *

After that fateful day at the supermarket, Maya and Kyle had become quite close friends. At first it started with a simple chat, after Maya approached Kyle in the History class they had together, but soon they discovered that they had a lot in common and began to spend more time with each other. Having never had this kind of bond with anyone before, this was very exciting for Maya. Not to mention, she was starting to develop real feelings for Kyle, and from the looks of it, he seemed to have feelings for her as well. However, both were too shy to address this personally, so for the time being they remained happily in a platonic friendship. Sure, they had their awkward moments, like when their hands would accidentally brush against each other’s, resulting in flushed faces and averted eyes, but these moments were rare, and to be honest, Maya didn’t mind them too much anyway.

Currently, she and Kyle were walking down the school hallway after school, chatting about a new movie they were thinking of going to see. Maya was surprised how comfortable she felt around Kyle. Having always been a socially awkward and shy person, it was difficult for her to interact with other people, including her own family, but with Kyle there was something different. She always felt safe around him, never felt like she was being judged. Maybe because he was such a calm, easygoing person, and his smiles and friendly responses always felt natural. He was genuinely interested in her, and it was like Maya’s anxiety decided to do her a favour and back off for once.

As the two teenagers strolled through the corridor together, they passed Tatiana’s locker. She was with her two loyal companions, Chrissy and Amy, as always. Tatiana glared at the couple as they walked past. Maya noticed this, and frowned, biting her lip. She had noticed that Tatiana was being particularly nasty towards her lately, always giving her icy glares and snapping bitter insults filled with venom and animosity. While Tatiana tormenting Maya was nothing new, and Maya was more than used to the girl’s hostility by now, she still felt unnerved. In the past, Tatiana would pick on her maliciously, but she would always be smirking, clearly enjoying the poor girl’s torment. Now, she seemed to do it out of anger, rather than sadism. It was like she was channelling her frustrations, and perhaps… jealousy?

Maya didn’t like the thought of it, but she suspected that was really the reason for this new behaviour. Tatiana was jealous of her, now that she was friends with a cute boy. Maya wasn’t sure if it was because Tatiana actually had feelings for Kyle, or if she simply hated the fact that a good-looking boy was paying more attention to Maya than her. Either way, she didn’t like it, and she was worried that this friction would ruin their friendship.

Maya tried to hurry Kyle along before anything happened, but it was too late.

“Hey, Kyle!”

They turned to face the three girls, who were standing at Tatiana’s locker with textbooks in their arms. They were an interesting trio. First there was Tatiana, of course, who exuded beauty and sex appeal from every region of her body. From her flowing platinum blonde hair and clear blue eyes to her perfect hourglass figure, not to mention her generously large breasts, which nearly every boy craved to touch at some time or another. Of course, her beauty was the only redeeming quality about her. Anyone who could see part her stunning good looks (mostly girls) could tell that she was an incredibly cruel and heartless person. Alas, because she had secured her reputation as the school’s most popular girl, no one dared to mess with her, or else she could drive them to the ground with a snap of her dainty little fingers.

Then there was Chrissy, a slender, exotic-looking girl with long dark hair and piercing green eyes. She was Tatiana’s best friend and confidant, although why exactly Tatiana trusted her secrets in this girl remained a mystery. She was a notorious gossip and blabbermouth, always snooping around and spreading the latest dirt around the halls. Whenever Tatiana wanted to bring somebody down, she would “hire” Chrissy to dig up whatever scandalous and juicy tidbits she could find about that person, and before you could say “Gasp!” everybody would be discussing Tom’s secret love affair, or Sally’s drug-addicted stepfather. She was also extremely shallow, and had an unhealthy obsession with boys. She had allegedly made a twenty-page long list of every guy in school she found attractive, including the teachers.

Finally, there was Amy, who looked the most innocent out of the three. She was a small, fragile-looking girl, with baby blue eyes and thin, wavy beach blonde hair. No one really paid any attention to her; she was mostly just there for decoration. And also to serve as Tatiana's personal puppet, being at the blonde vixen's beck and call 24/7.

Kyle raised an eyebrow slightly. “Hey Tatiana,” he said.

Tatiana put on her sweetest smile (Maya had to admire how expertly she could manipulate other people with that pretty face of hers), and started batting her long eyelashes and twirling a strand of blonde hair between her fingers, completely ignoring Maya. “So listen, I was thinking, um, do you want to maybe, uh…”

She suddenly locked eyes with Maya for a split second, and it was like she’d suddenly registered that the other girl was there. She scowled briefly, but quickly re-composed herself.

“Actually,” she said. “Do you mind talking in private? I just want to ask you something.”

Maya and Kyle looked at each other. Maya gave him a pleading look with her eyes, trying to convince him to stay out of this, but Kyle had other ideas. He squeezed Maya’s shoulder gently in an attempt to reassure her, and Maya could almost feel Tatiana’s fury over this vaguely romantic gesture, even though she wasn’t looking her way.

“All right,” he said. “Let’s go.”

Tatiana beamed. “Great!” She turned to Amy, extending her stack of textbooks towards her. “Hold my books.”

The girl didn’t look happy by this request.

“But Tatiana,” Amy said. “I’m already carrying so many-”

“I said hold my books,” Tatiana hissed through gritted teeth, and with that the meek girl didn’t hesitate to grab Tatiana’s textbooks and add them to the already tall pile she had in her arms, clearly struggling to carry all that weight. Maya almost thought about offering to help her, but quickly decided she didn’t want to get involved with Tatiana’s accomplices, even if they weren’t quite as intimidating as their ringleader.

“I’ll meet you outside, okay?” Kyle said to Maya. Maya only nodded. Tatiana linked arms with Kyle, and they disappeared into the hallway.

Maya sat on a bench in the school courtyard, watching students flocking out the entrance doors. She sighed, looking at her watch. It had already been several minutes since Kyle and Tatiana had gone off on their little rendezvous, and she was starting to get anxious. She couldn’t imagine Kyle would do anything crazy, but she could never tell with Tatiana. She had her ways, and could bend people like metal. Maya was certain that with some carefully chosen words, she could easily convince Kyle that Maya was a loser and he’d never want to hang out with her again. The thought of that made Maya depressed and even more anxious, so she took out her phone and began to play with it to distract herself.

Finally, after most of the students had left the building, Kyle exited out the school doors. Maya immediately stood up and dashed over to him, attacking him with questions. She couldn’t help it; her anxiety was on edge.

“What did she want?” she said. “Please tell me she didn’t do anything bad.”

Kyle sighed and shook his head. “She… well, how can I say this? She kind of asked me out.”

Maya felt her heart drop. “What?!”

Kyle smiled. “Don’t worry, I didn’t say yes.”

Maya sighed in relief.

“I told her that I know about everything she’s done to you, and that there’s no way I would go out with someone who treats my friends like that,” Kyle explained. “She wasn’t happy about it, of course, but she’ll get over it. I mean, she’s got like, what, every other guy in the school fawning over her?”

Maya nodded blankly, feeling a huge weight lifted off her shoulders. “Yeah…” she murmured, looking away.

“Don’t worry about it,” Kyle said with a grin. “Even if she was nice, you’re still like ten times prettier than she is. I’d rather go out with you any day.”

Maya blushed and gave an awkward chuckle. “Thanks.”

“No problem. So listen, why don’t we head over to my place and work on our History assignment together? My parents aren’t home till six, so we can do whatever we want until then.”

Maya smiled. “That sounds awesome,” she said.

He smiled mischievously. “Race you,” he said, and then ran off.

“Oh, come on!” Laughing, Maya chased after him.

Little did they know, Tatiana was watching them from the school entrance doors, scowling as she formulated a plan. She was going to make them pay.

* * *

The next morning, Maya was awoken by the sun instead of her alarm. She was up bright and early, and for once it wasn’t against her will. It was a beautiful sunny day, and there wasn’t a single cloud in the sky. Taking advantage of this gorgeous June weather, Maya put on a brand new dress that her mom had bought for her yesterday. It was a salmon pink sundress dotted with red roses, and Maya was in love with it. It complimented her figure perfectly, and she loved the feeling of the soft, delicate fabric on her skin.

She slipped on a pair of white sandals, put on some cute earrings and a gold necklace, and tied her honey blonde hair up into a high ponytail adorned by a pink ribbon. Looking into the mirror, Maya thought of the song “I Feel Pretty” from West Side Story. She smiled. She did feel pretty. Not only pretty, but confident too. She did owe that partly to the dress, but mostly to Kyle. It was him who was always telling her how beautiful and smart she was. Without him she probably wouldn’t have had the courage to wear the dress in the first place.

Maya whistled and skipped out the door, completely relaxed and carefree. She waved hello to the neighbours, hummed a few songs, and picked some flowers. Today was going to be a good day. She could feel it. She made sure to be extra careful about avoiding mud puddles and other potential hazards; even something as insignificant as a smudge of dirt would compromise the pristine beauty of her new dress.

Maya sauntered through the school doors, still humming to herself, and she immediately noticed heads turning towards her. She even heard a few whistles coming from some of the guys. She blushed a bit, not used to this much attention, but she was enjoying it. She strutted down the hallway to her locker, and soon she saw Kyle approaching. She smiled and waved.

“Hey!” she greeted as he caught up to her.

“Hey,” he replied, smiling. He eyed her outfit. “Cute dress.”

Maya beamed. “Thanks! I just got it yesterday.”

“It looks good on you.”

Maya chuckled. “Looks like you’re not the only one who thinks that.” She gestured toward a group of gawking boys.

They walked and chatted through the hall, and soon they approached Tatiana’s locker, where the pretty blonde girl was gossiping with her two sidekicks. Maya immediately tensed up. After what had happened yesterday, she was afraid that Tatiana would be extra malicious and cause harm as usual. But to her surprise, Tatiana noticed the two friends and greeted them both cheerfully.

“Hi guys!” She smiled at Maya. “Love the dress.”

Maya raised her eyebrows. “Er… thanks.”

Tatiana smiled again and turned back to her friends, and Kyle and Maya shared a look of confusion before continuing down the hallway, both momentarily lost for words.

“That was weird,” Maya finally said, breaking the silence.

“Yeah,” Kyle agreed. “You’d think she’d be less cheerful after I turned her down yesterday.”

“And she actually said hello to me. Usually she completely ignores me when you’re around.”

“Maybe we accidentally stumbled into the Twilight Zone,” Kyle suggested.

Maya frowned. “Or maybe she’s up to something. Great, now I’m stressed.”

Kyle rolled his eyes. “Who cares about her? Don’t worry about that nutcase. For all we know, maybe she got hit in the head with a coconut and now she’s acting completely off. Like in cartoons.”

Maya sighed. “Maybe you’re right. I shouldn’t worry.”

Just then, the bell rang. Students began hustling to their classes. Maya waved goodbye to Kyle, and started heading towards her first-period math class. She wondered if Kyle was right. It didn’t really make any sense to her; why would Tatiana suddenly be so nice to her, especially after she had just gotten rejected by the boy who was best friends with her mortal enemy? Had Kyle secretly blackmailed her to make a truce with Maya and leave her alone? Did she really get hit in the head with a coconut? What was going on here? No matter how hard she tried, Maya could not come up with a plausible explanation for Tatiana’s bizarre behaviour, other than her original theory that the girl was planning something. Maya felt a chill travel down her spine. She was going to have to be extra vigilant today.

Maya slipped into the classroom, praying that nothing bad would happen during the course of the day.

* * *

Kyle cracked an egg into the bowl, mixing it into the batter. It was Home Ec, and today they were making pancakes. Kyle enjoyed this class, since he found it fun to cook (and he wasn’t too bad at it, he thought); not to mention getting free meals, which was nice, especially with his big masculine appetite. Today, however, he was distracted. Tatiana, Chrissy, and Amy were in his class, and he couldn’t help watching them closely as he worked on his own recipe alone. They seemed to be acting normally for the most part; giggling, whispering, and generally wasting time as opposed to diligently working on getting their cooking done. However, he had a feeling that they were up to something. Maybe Maya was right. They had to be cooking up some scheme or another, and when he saw Tatiana asking the teacher if she could take some of the leftover eggs home, he only grew more suspicious.

However, the day carried on as normal, and nothing unusual happened, so he eventually forgot about it. After school, he and Maya walked through the hallways together, as they always did.

“I almost forgot. I saved you a pancake,” Kyle said, handing her a thin white paper bag.

Maya gasped. “Aww. Thank you!”

Kyle cleared his throat and bashfully looked down at his feet.

“Hey there, beautiful!”

Maya and Kyle turned to see a boy staring at them. He blew a kiss at Maya, then gave her a flirty wave.

Maya giggled. “Looks like I’m getting a lot of attention today. I think Tatiana’s got some competition.”

Kyle frowned, looking away. “Yeah…” he mumbled.

“What’s the matter?” Maya asked, concerned by his suddenly dismissive attitude.

“Nothing,” Kyle muttered.

“Come on, tell me.” Maya smirked. “You jealous?”

Kyle blushed. “N-no…”

Maya laughed. “You are! I knew it.”

“I-I’m not, I swear,” Kyle stammered, sweating.

Maya smiled. “Aww, my little guy friend is jealous of all the attention I’m getting from other guys. That’s adorable.”

“Stop,” Kyle whined, embarrassed. Maya smirked and playfully punched his arm.

“You’re kind of into me, aren’t you?” she teased. She was feeling bold and reckless, and suddenly she was ready to confess her own feelings for him. She didn’t know where that courage came from, but she was grabbing onto it as tightly as she could. This was it. This was the big moment. She took a deep breath.

“So listen, Kyle, I, um-”

Before she could continue, however, she suddenly heard a shout and the sound of running footsteps.

“Hey Maya, think fast!”

Kyle’s brief look of momentary relief quickly turned to one of horror when he saw Tatiana, Chrissy, and Amy approaching, carrying a bucket. Before Maya could even comprehend what was going on, Tatiana grabbed the bucket and tipped it over Maya’s head. A gooey, smelly liquid sloshed out of the bucket and spilled onto Maya’s body. It was egg batter. A whole bucket of it. The thick goop dripped down her face and onto her clothes, splattering onto the floor. Her hair, her new dress, her shoes, all ruined. Worse, over a hundred people were now staring at her.

“Oops,” Tatiana smirked. Immediately the whole crowd of students in the hallway burst into laughter.

“That was so epic, Tatiana!” Chrissy said.

“Yeah!” added Amy, giving her a high five.

Kyle stared, dumbfounded, at Tatiana. He could not believe she would do this to Maya. Her best friend!

“What the hell?” he cried. “What the fuck is wrong with you?!”

The girl smiled at him, her diamond blue eyes gleaming. “Nobody rejects me and gets away with it, sweetie,” she replied calmly. “And since you’re too cute for me to hurt you, I decided to make your little girlfriend suffer instead. Gotta love that karma, eh?”

“You fucking bitch!” Kyle growled. He’d never felt this angry before. He wanted to punch her, even though he’d been taught his entire life that it was not okay to hit a girl.

Meanwhile, Maya felt absolutely mortified. All she could hear was the uproarious laughter of students as they witnessed her cruel humiliation. Her vision was blurred from all the tears in her eyes, which soon overflowed and spilled down her cheeks—not that it was noticeable from all the gross liquid on her face. In tears, she turned and ran out of the school.

“Maya!” She heard Kyle call after her, but she didn’t turn back.

As soon as she got home, Maya locked herself in the bathroom and took a long, long shower. She stayed in there and cried as she scrubbed and scrubbed her body, even after the water had gone cold. She was still crying after she’d dried herself and changed into pyjamas, then she went to her room and threw herself onto her bed, sobbing into her pillow. She didn’t realize how long she’d been in there until she heard a knock at the door.

“Maya!” It was her sister. “Mom says come down for dinner.”

Maya didn’t respond. After a few seconds, the door opened, and Nikki stepped inside.

“Uh, did you, like, not hear me? I said it’s time for di-”

Maya sat up, revealing her tear-stained cheeks and red eyes. “I don’t want any dinner.”

“Dude. What happened?” Nikki asked. “Did your little boyfriend break up with you?”

Maya sniffled and shook her head. “He’s not my boyfriend. And no. I … I got humiliated at school today.”

Nikki frowned and didn’t say anything, but she sat down on the bed beside her sister.

“Tatiana dumped a whole bucket of raw egg batter on me,” Maya explained, wiping her eyes.

“What,” Nikki cried.

“She ruined my dress,” Maya continued, breaking into sobs again. “And everyone was l-laughing at me.”

Nikki scoffed angrily. “Are you serious? That little bitch! Who does she think she is? Nobody does that to my baby sister.”

Maya looked at her, surprised. She hadn’t expected Nikki to be so supportive. “Didn’t you use to date her brother?” she asked.

“Yeah, until he cheated on me with that fucking slut Stacy. I’m telling you, bad blood runs in that family.” Nikki shook her head, disgusted. “So listen, if you ever want to get back at this stupid bimbo, just talk to me. I’ll wreck her so bad she’ll never want to mess with you again.”

Maya sniffled and gave a small smile. “Thanks, but I think I’ll be okay.”

Nikki shrugged. “All right, but I’m still here if you change your mind.” She rose from the bed, then paused in front of the door. “So should I tell Mom you’re not coming then?”

Maya shook her head. “No, I’ll be down there in a minute. I just got to wash up first.”

Nikki nodded, then left.

Maya sighed, feeling absolutely drained from all that crying. Suddenly she heard a buzz. She picked up her phone and saw that she’d gotten a text. From Kyle.

Hey,

Sorry about what happened today.

If it makes you feel better, I still think you looked prettier than Tatiana, even with all that crap she poured on you. Anyway, hope you’re doing all right. I’m always here for you. :)

Maya smiled. Suddenly, she remembered about the pancake he’d saved for her. She reached into her backpack and pulled out the small paper bag, then took out the pancake inside it. She gasped. It was shaped like a heart, and sprinkled with chocolate chips and powdered sugar. Some of the chips had been arranged to form a smiley face at the center of the heart. Maya let out a half-chuckle, half-sob as a fresh wave of tears filled her eyes. This time, however, they were happy tears.

* * *

The next morning, Maya felt her heart pounding as she approached the school entrance. She took a deep breath and walked through the doors, praying that she would be able to make it through the day. Kyle was running late today, so she had to get through her morning hallway commute alone, which was unfortunate timing. Immediately she saw kids not-so discreetly pointing and staring at her and whispering to each other, some of them giggling. She felt her face flush and hunched her shoulders, trying to hide in the textbooks that were clutched to her chest.

As she passed Tatiana’s locker, she felt a chill run down her spine. She tried to walk by quickly without being noticed, but it was too late.

“Hey Maya!” Tatiana called. “You’re not wearing that cute dress today. What’s the matter? Did you accidentally spill something on it?”

Chrissy and Amy laughed. Maya simply glared at the cruel girl and stormed off, too angry for words.

The rest of the day didn’t fare much better. People were constantly coming up to Maya and cracking stupid jokes like, “Hey Maya, looking egg-cellent today!” and “Man, that was some egg-streme makeover Tatiana gave you yesterday, huh?”

And then, during History, this happened.

“Maya? In what year was Mussolini appointed Prime Minister?” Mr. Arnolds asked.

Maya looked up. She hadn’t been paying any attention to the class, being too preoccupied in her thoughts, and now the teacher was calling on her.

“Um…” She swallowed and tried to think, but her mind was blank. She glanced at Kyle, hoping he could help her out, but he only gave a helpless shrug. Maya felt the eyes of the entire class on her, and her heart started pounding. Panicked, she took a wild guess. “1950?”

Several classmates giggled. Mr. Arnolds, however, was not amused.

“Mussolini died in 1945, Maya,” he replied flatly. “I don’t think he was around by then.”

“I-I’m sorry,” Maya murmured, her cheeks flushed.

Mr. Arnolds sighed. “I understand that you’re upset about the incident that occurred yesterday. It’s difficult being ostracized, I know, especially for a shy student like yourself. But that’s no excuse to not review the material.”

Maya couldn’t believe it. Word had spread to the teachers! It was at this point that Maya finally had enough. She couldn’t stand being singled out like this anymore. Something had to be done. But she couldn’t do it alone. She would need expert advice. And she knew exactly who to consult.

As soon as Mr. Arnolds started rambling on again, Maya turned and whispered to Kyle, who was sitting beside her. “We’re going to Starbucks after class. I’m going to get revenge on Tatiana.”

Kyle looked a bit puzzled, but he nodded.

* * *

The Starbucks café was right across from Maryland Secondary, and usually it would be quite busy during the after school rush, but today it was practically empty when Maya and Kyle walked in. Maya supposed that was a good thing. She didn’t want people to overhear this. She quickly spotted Nikki sitting at one of the tables texting, taking her coffee break. Nikki was taking some time off from school, so she worked at Starbucks almost full-time. Maya and Kyle made it to her table, and she looked up from her phone as soon as she noticed them.

“Hey. What are you two doing here?” the dark-haired girl asked.

“We need your help,” Maya replied. She took a deep breath, wringing her hands. “I … I want payback. Vendetta. Justice.”

Nikki’s eyes lit up. She didn’t need any further clarification. Grinning, she gestured to the empty chairs in front of her. “I knew you’d come around. Sit.”

The two teens sat down at the table, at the same time that Maya’s sister got up. “Want any drinks?” she asked.

“Mmm, I guess a strawberry smoothie would be nice,” Maya said.

“Yeah, that sounds good,” Kyle agreed.

Nikki nodded. “You got it.”

She turned to the petite brunette girl who was at the counter, wiping down the countertop with a rag. “Malena! I need two strawberry smoothies!” she ordered.

The barista nodded and put the dishcloth away, turning to her work station as she prepared the drinks. As soon as the smoothies were ready, Nikki brought them to the table. She sat back down, handing Maya and Kyle the plastic cups.

“Thanks,” Maya said.

“How much do I owe you?” asked Kyle.

Nikki smiled. “For you, it’s on the house, cutie.” She gave him a wink. Kyle chuckled and rubbed the back of his neck, a faint blush on his cheeks. Maya folded her arms and frowned at her sister, not happy that she was being flirty with her potential future boyfriend. They began sipping their drinks.

“So…” Nikki started. “Any ideas?”

Maya and Kyle looked at each other. They hadn’t really thought about any concrete plans.

“Umm… maybe we could start rumours about her,” Maya suggested. “You know, spread a little gossip around. Like maybe we could tell everyone that she’s sleeping with one of the teachers or something.”

Nikki nodded thoughtfully. “Hmm. It’s diabolical, I’ll give you that. But that’s way too complicated. Revenge should be simple and to the point. If only we knew what her kryptonite was. Then we could really destroy her.”

Maya stared at her sister in awe. It was too bad Nikki’s college didn’t offer a degree in Revenge Psychology, because she could get a PhD in it. The three sat in silence for a minute as they thought carefully. Finally, Kyle spoke up.

“What if, now bear with me, what if we made her pee herself?” he proposed.

Nikki laughed. “Now we’re talking. I love it.”

Maya felt her cheeks grow hot, suddenly reminded of her own accident not too long ago, which she hadn’t told anyone about and was certainly not planning to anytime soon. “But how would we do that?” she asked.

“Easy,” Nikki said. “We just slip her one of those water pills, deny her access to any bathrooms, and voila! It’s a classic.”

Kyle smiled, turning to his friend. “You in?”

Maya thought about it. She supposed she didn’t have anything to lose, and she had to admit, it was a very intriguing idea. She nodded. “All right, I’m in.”

A sinister smile curved on Nikki’s lips. “Super! Now let’s talk game strategy. We need a clear and specific plan. Here’s what I’m thinking…”

They spent the next few minutes discussing how they were going to go about pulling this off. Finally, they came up with a plan of attack that was almost guaranteed to be successful.

“Oh, I can’t wait to do this,” Nikki cried. “She’s going to be so fucking humiliated when she pisses herself like a little kid.”

Kyle nodded. “And actually, speaking of that, I should probably hit the washroom before we leave. That smoothie and my bladder are really hitting it off.”

Maya wrinkled her nose. “That’s gross.”

Kyle shrugged. “Hey, when you gotta go…”

Nikki looked at her watch. “All right, I gotta get back to work. We got a plan?”

Maya and Kyle nodded. “We got a plan,” they said.

Smiling, the three of them shook hands.

* * *

The next morning, as Maya walked through the hallway with Kyle, she could feel her heart racing in her chest.

“I can’t believe we’re doing this,” she said. “I’ve got goosebumps.”

“You’re a bad girl, Maya,” Kyle teased.

Maya smirked, but then her eyes widened and she gasped as she saw Tatiana standing by her locker alone. “There she is,” she whispered. The girl looked effortlessly pretty as usual; her long blonde hair was in a messy bun, and she wore a lacy purple tank top that showed a good amount of cleavage, along with gray leggings and black flats. Maya realized with delight that with those slutty leggings Tatiana was wearing, it would be very clearly noticeable if she wet herself, given the light colour of the fabric.

They watched as Tatiana removed the books from her locker, scowling, then growled and slammed her locker door shut. She stormed through the hallway, almost bumping into Maya.

“Move,” she growled, and Maya scooted out of the way just in time before Tatiana shoved her.

“Man, she’s pissed,” Kyle remarked.

“She’ll be even more ‘pissed’ later, if you know what I mean,” Maya snickered.

“I dunno,” Kyle said. “I mean, did you see that look in her eyes? She could kill someone. I’m not so sure I want to do this now.”

“It’ll be fine,” Maya said. “You have the most important job. Without you, the whole plan will fall apart.”

Kyle sighed. “I know. That’s why I’m nervous.”

“Don’t be.” Maya lay a hand on his shoulder and looked at him. “Just do it for me, okay?” She smiled at him.

Goddammit, Kyle thought. How can I say no to that?

He nodded. “All right. I’ll do anything for you.”

Maya patted his shoulder. “That’s more like it.” Suddenly, the bell rang. “Whoops! I’d better get going. Text me updates!” With that, she waved and walked away.

Kyle stood still for a moment, his eyes wide open. “Holy shit,” he murmured. “This is really happening.” He took a deep breath and headed to his Home Ec class.

* * *

Today the class was making crème brulee, which just happened to be Kyle’s favourite dessert. He’d made it many times at home, so he was familiar with the recipe. As such, he was able to keep an eye on Tatiana and her friends while he worked more or less absent-mindedly on his recipe.

He still hadn’t worked up the nerve to go and talk to Tatiana. He knew he was capable of pulling it off. All he had to do was tell her that he’d reconsidered her offer, and ask if she was still interested in going out with him. Then, after she inevitably said yes, he would invite her to go to Starbucks for lunch, where she would drink the coffee or whatever she ordered that would be secretly infused with diuretic pills (courtesy of Maya’s diabolical sister!) And the rest would be history. It was simple enough, relatively painless.

Yet something kept stopping him from making the move. At the end of the day, they were still going to do something horrible to someone, even though that person totally deserved it. And it didn’t help that Tatiana seemed to be in a particularly foul mood today. Kyle had no idea what had happened to her, but he did not want to approach her in that state. She looked downright scary, with her glaring ice blue eyes and blood-red fingernails, which were so long and sharp they looked like human claws. He couldn’t imagine how anyone could be friends with such a horrible, terrifying creature.

He realized that he wasn’t comfortable doing this, at least not today. He was going to have to call it off. He swallowed a lump in his throat, realizing how upset and disappointed Maya would be when he told her the news. But it had to be done. Sighing, he pulled out his phone and was just about to text his friend when something stopped him.

“Uh, what are you doing?” he heard Tatiana’s annoyed voice spit out. He looked over and saw her glaring at Amy, hands on her hips. Amy was standing in front of their mixing bowl with a bottle of vanilla extract in one hand, a teaspoon in the other.

“Adding the vanilla,” Amy replied quietly. “It’s three teaspoons, right?”

Tatiana’s eye twitched. “Hey dummy, do you see this?” She snatched the instructions sheet and held it in front of Amy’s face. “ONE teaspoon. Now it’s going to taste like crap because you fucking ruined it!”

Amy looked shocked. Her eyes filled with tears. “I-I’m sorry, Tatiana. I… um… I just…” She was trying hard not to cry, not able to talk properly.

Tatiana groaned in exasperation. “God Amy, you’re so retarded! I don’t even know why we let you work with us!” Chrissy nodded, her arms folded over her chest.

Amy’s lip quivered, and she turned and ran out of the room, obviously to go cry in the bathroom.

Tatiana scoffed and rolled her eyes. “She is so stupid…”

“I know,” Chrissy said. “Like, does she even know how to read?”

“One teaspoon, how hard is that?” Tatiana cried. “What a fucking crybaby.” Chrissy snickered.

Meanwhile, Kyle, who had watched this whole exchange, felt absolutely sick to his stomach. Who the hell did this girl think she was, what gave her the right, no, what gave her the nerve, to treat people like that? Her own, so-called friends, for that matter?

She’s a monster, he realized. And that was exactly the push he needed to do the task he’d originally set out to do. He was going to make this bitch pay for her sins. Dearly.

After class, when Tatiana had said goodbye to Chrissy, she started walking alone to her next class. Now was his chance. Kyle took a deep breath, smoothed his hair, put on his best smile, and walked up to her.

“Hey Tatiana,” he said casually. “Mind if I talk to you for a sec?”

* * *
