A Wet Night in Doma: A FFXIV omorashi story

Author: Scoobydew

*000*2017-04-12 06:18

It was a dark, humid night in the valley where Kiku Usamari's clan resided, the decent-sized abode being the only thing visible for malms. Oil lanterns glowed through the opaque windows, illuminating the dark jungle outside. It had rained mere bells ago, and still the water dripped off the roof faintly. Inside, it was mostly quiet, the family having settled into their rooms for the eve.

In one of the rooms, Kiku sat on her bed. A long kiseru pipe rested on a stand next to her, whispey smoke coming from the bowl as the kizami inside smoldered. The young au ra laying on the bed laid her book down, leaning over to the mouthpiece and taking a long pull. After a few moments, she pulled away and exhaled the smoke, reveling in the taste and scent. Her family chastised her for the habit, much like other things they didn't deem 'ladylike'... such as her training with the samurai sword. But to the seven hells with them, she thought. She was the master of her own destiny! Not her clan! Giving a huff, she lifted the book again, and continued reading. A romance novel, in her native tongue of course.

Kiku was, of course, beautiful; Pale skin, with the slightest tinge of pink from her time in the sun. Deep, dark hair highlighted with purple from natural dyes on the tips. Her hair pulled up into a ponytail on her head. Her body had started to develop some lithe muscle, but (Much to her displeasure) she retained her ample bosom and rump. Scales on her body could be found in beautiful designs; Her face abdomen, arms and legs tinged with the pearl-colored platelets that symbolized the Raen. Her tail, covered in smooth scales as well, was long and slender, reaching just below the knee when she stood.

After a time, Kiku felt her bladder twinge. She had been training herself to hold it, hoping to develop a larger capacity than she had in her childhood. A samurai would often have to fight for long bells without a break, so she deemed it important to her training. Still... she was reaching her limit, and she would need to go to sleep soon. So, she stood, carefully smoothing out her red and white yukata. Slipping on a pair of lady's clogs, she opened the door to her room, stepping out into the dim hallway. After taking a few steps, she realized she had to pee quite more intensely than she realized, stopping and crossing her legs before slipping her hands under her yukata to put pressure on the front of her knickers.

"Ooooh, I'm really testing myself this time, it seems..." She mused in Doman, waiting until the pulses in her bladder and pussy faded enough for her to walk. Uncrossing her legs, she continued down the hallway, legs a little closer together now. Her sandals made a thick-thock sound as she shuffled. Rounding the corner, she saw the door leading to the privy, and knew relief was in sight.

Arriving at the screen door, she attempted to slide it open, only for it to stay shut. A feminine voice sounded within: "Not now! The sashimi we had earlier is... not agreeing to me...." It was her older sister, by a mere summer. She was always the more ladylike, so if -she- was willing to voice her discomfort, it must have been dire. Still, Kiku was desperate; "Please, sister, can you step outside for just a moment? I just need to pee! It won't take long, I promise?" The woman inside scoffed, "Go away, Kiku! You fancy yourself such a tough samurai, but you can't control your bladder? If it's so bad, go outside! Dawn-father knows you'd be the one to make water in a bush..."

Kiku groans, trying to open the door again. Still, the wooden latch was stuck tight, and her family would be most cross if she broke it. Turning down the hall, she hurriedly shuffled towards the door leading to the terrace and, to the garden. There was a bush there she could use, right? She had to stop a few times to squeeze her thighs together and willed herself to keep control of herself. She couldn't wet herself... as much as she hated adhering to her family's standards of 'ladylike conduct', she wanted to preserve her dignity... and her smallclothes, they were her favorite white knickers! Arriving at the door, she slid it open, and stepped outside.

The poor au ra woman took no more than a few steps onto the terrace when she felt a sudden wave of desperation hit her. Squeezing her thighs together as tightly as possible, she pressed against her pussy through both the yukata and knickers and let out a whimper. Her violet eyes snapped shut and she began to whimper to herself in doman, "Please no, don't do it, just.... don't..... please.....!" It was all for naught, however; First a small spurt of pee trickled out of her folds. Then another. Quickly, the pressure became to much and, with a soft hiss, her bladder gave out and let forth it's bounty through her pussy against her will. Though she tried to stop it at first, she quickly gave in and let her body do as it will.

As she continued to pee all over herself, she couldn't help but feel relief. She slowly slide down and flopped into her puddle, letting out a sigh as her knickers were filled with a pleasing warmth. Sure, she would have to clean this up, and her smallclothes were surely ruined, but right now, she was taking a small liberty and enjoying the relief and... pleasure that she was feeling.

*002*2017-04-14 06:39

{{1 hour ago, Bellatrix1 said:

What a awesome story

}}

Why thank you! I'll happily take requests for different scenarios with her, if anyone here also plays FFXIV and is familiar with the world. I'll even include messing if people are interested!

*004*2017-04-15 00:38

{{11 hours ago, Darksyn said:

Ah, there's very little FFXIV omo content out there, so far as I can tell, it's nice to read some, especially when it's so nicely written.

Au Ra women are some of the prettiest ladies I've seen in a game, so I miiight be biased, at least a little.

I'm interested in seeing more, and I'm interested in messing as well.

}}

Ask and ye shall receive! I'll start formulating a setting and scenario. If you have any preferences, ideas or requests, feel free to send me a message!

Also, here is a screenshot of her, for reference, as well as the outfit mentioned in the story above:

$iframe scrolling="no" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" style="height:807px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/index.php?app=core&module=system&controller=embed&url=http://imgur.com/a/sxWE0"

*005*2017-04-17 03:14

I've decided to tack on another story involving Kiku's travels. This one shall take place in the city of Radz-at-Han, the capitol of the middle eastern-like Thavnair. Since it was requested, this one will feature both wetting AND messing, so be warned!

The streets of Radz-at-Han were cramped, hot, and filled with people. The main streets were lined with rickety stalls, and loud merchants peddling various wares. Through the crowd, a small Auri woman moved. Kiku was dressed in a more traditional Thavnairian outfit, featuring a tunic and sash, cinched slops and open-toed sandals. On her hip, her samurai sword hung, cord wrapped around the hilt to secure it in the scabbard. It stood out from the crowd with it's narrower blade in comparison to the thick ones wielded by the locals.

Kiku had loved her visit to the city; the bazaars, the monuments.... Kiku had just left a 'hookah lounge' after a few bells. Her mind was hazy from the smoke, but she had enjoyed herself. She would have stayed longer and enjoyed more of the shishah, but she finally decided it was time to deal with another problem she had been dealing with for the past day and a half....

Radz-at-Han's cuisine was tasty, to be sure. It was different than what she was used to! The rich meats, flavored with spices she had never even heard of abound. However, as tasty as it was, her stomach was not in agreement with this rich new diet. The poor au ra's bowels had not made movement in quite some time, and she was getting rather uncomfortable! However, Thavnair was the center of alchemy... surely there were potion sellers amongsts these merchents, and one of them should have something to help her body do what it needed to do, right?

The first sign of relief came at a large stand. People were coming and going from it, which was a good sign. The owner must have been trusted. However, when she saw that the owner was a man, she stopped short. Normally she would not have minded, but to discuss such a.... taboo thing about her body with a man was still something she was unwilling to do. She contemplated how she would inquire the merchant subtley about a laxative when she spotted a similar, albeit smaller stall nearby. Behind it, an old woman stood smiling. Though she seemed to be getting far less customers, Kiku felt she could talk to this woman about her bodily needs without shame.

Approaching the stall, she offered a small bow, hands at her side. "Greetings, madam. You are an alchemist, yes? I am looking for a solution to a.... problem." She felt a pulse of pressure in her belly, and she brought her hand to it with a wince. The woman smiled sweetly at her, "Oh? Is it that time of the moon, dear? I believe I-" Kiku waved her hands at the woman, "No no! It is not, I assure you. It's just.... this city has a very... strange diet, and my body has been unable to relieve itself of it's burden for a day and a half. The cramps are getting worse, and I'd hoped you would have something to help me?" Even speaking to a fellow woman, Kiku blushed.

The old woman smiled ever wider at her, "Ah, something I can relate to! Let me give you my personal remedy..." She ducked below the stall and, a moment later, rose with a glass vial filled with a milky white liquid. "This potion can help you, dear. However! For you comfort, I recommend you save it until you get back home. It is quite effective!" The au ra took the vial, gazing upon it before slipping it into the satchel. She took a few gil pieces and held it out to the woman. Surpisingly, she took only half. "Keep them, dear. I know the struggle... a woman must maintain her dignity, but we must all do what need be done, hmm?" Kiku nodded, then offered a bow once again. "Domo arigato. Er, thank you, I mean."

Kiku returned home, although she stopped once to refill her waterskin at a well. The day's heat continued to bear down on her, and as she stepped through the door to her room, she had all but emptied it once again. Setting her things down, she withdrew the vial from the satchel, and gazed upon it. How much was she supposed to take? She couldn't tell, but perhaps the woman had given her just enough to help her? Popping the cork, she pressed the vial to her lips and tipped it back. The fluid inside was chalky and sickly sweet, but thankfully wasn't gag-inducing. The old woman at least was considerate of her clients' palettes.

Feeling a twinge in her bladder, she recognized that it was a good time to go to the privy. As she crossed the room, she looked outside, and saw the beautiful sunset, and decided to take but a moment to enjoy it. She knew not how long she would be sitting on the chamber pot, after all. Opening the door, she stepped outside, moving to the railing and looking out over the city. There was a chaos to it, one she had not known at home, but it was beautiful at the same time.

A desert breeze swept across the balcony then, and suddenly the door slammed shut. Kiku, gasping, whirled around and held a hand to her chest. A faint dribble of pee exited her pussy from the shock. It was at that moment that the au ra decided to not postpone her bodily relief any longer, and she reached for the door handle and pulled.... and pulled again. Nothing. The door was locked!

Kiku grasped the handle with both hands, jiggling it fruitlessly before her stomach cramped with intensity. A faint warble resounded from the au ra's bowels. It seemed the vial was rather potent... much to Kiku's discomfort at the moment! That, combined with the burning in her bladder, she was in quite a predicament. Turning around towards the edge of the balcony, she shuffled and shimmied on the spot. Her sandals tapped away at the stone as she brought her arms around her stomach, letting out a whimper as her bladder burned ever more intensely. Why did she have to only have two hands!?

The poor woman danced in place for a few minutes more, drawing blanks on what she should do. She couldn't pick a lock, and there weren't enough people on the street to call out to even if she wasn't too proud. Eventually, she gave in and decided to put pressure on her pussy, since all the water she had just drank was going straight through her. Her tail thwapped at the door in agitation as she fought against her body's needs for a minute longer, before...

A spurt. A spurt of urine hissed into her panties. And then another. She lets out another whimper as her bladder began to give out, knowing even if the door opened that moment, she wouldn't be able to walk without emptying herself some into her pants. After a little more struggle, empty she did.... a torrent of pee hissed through her panties and ran down her slops, trickling into her sandals and onto the stone below her. She relieved her aching bladder for over a minute. Eventually, she tapered off, but not before her pants and panties were soaked through with musky urine.

Now, with her bladder taken care of, her need to poop became blaringly apparent. Her bowels were making a constant warbling sound now, and she felt a pressure on her sphincter, just below her tail. Turning her head to look at her bottom, she willed herself to try and hold it. The pressure spiking, a soft squeak emanated from her voluptuous behind, eliciting a blush from the pale au ra. This was followed by another burst of gas, and then she felt the mass in her gut descending. Tensing up as hard as she could, she willed herself to maintain this last vestige of dignity....

...But to no avail. Her tired pucker gave out, and a soft, wet mass of poop filled her already soaked silk panties. Her tail lifted instinctively, and she bent her knees as her muscles pushed against her will. A squelch could be heard as the poor doman woman messed her pants, poop spilling out from the sides of her panties and filling her pants, running down her legs.

Tear welled up as Kiku knew she had lost complete control of her body. But, at the very least, she wasn't constipated anymore...

