After

Author: secretomoact

*000*2023-11-30 20:28

Like the last few stories I've posted, this was originally written using characters from a non-kink book I've written. So, name-changes were made and the setting was kept vague to keep it from being recognizable, I hope the vagueness does not distract from the desperation content.

This first chapter was written for the Omovember prompt "Gauntlets".

###

Bad break-ups were normal, but Sam doubted many people had experienced one quite like the one ze had just been through. Ze wasn’t sure if it could technically count AS a break-up, since ze and Neil had only been dating in Neil’s imagination, and he had merely blackmailed Sam into going along with it.

Still, Sam didn’t think most relationships— Even ones between a nutjob stalker and a very unwilling participant— ended with one person killing the other one.

Sam didn’t consider zimself a murderer. Neil’s ‘elimination’, as ze thought of it, was more a means to an end than anything else. Neil wouldn’t let zim go, so Sam had needed to force him to. If ze were to be tried in any court of law, it would be a clear case of self-defense.

And that was what had happened, Sam HAD gone to court following the discovery of Neil’s body and the arsenic being found in his system, Luckily, Neil had chosen to meticulously document all of his activity concerning Sam, up to and including, his plans to build a dungeon in his basement to imprison zim inside for the remainder of zir life— And the receipts from when he’d purchased the necessary materials for the project.

Sam would see no prison time for Neil’s death. Ze had been left with no choice.

After all of that, Sam didn’t see zimself getting involved with anyone romantically for a long, long time. Ze thought ze’d be happiest by zimself for now. Once ze was sure someone could actually love zim, rather than just be obsessed with the IDEA of zim, maybe ze would reconsider. But, for now, ze wanted to be left alone.

Well, not completely alone. Ze still had zir best friend Logan. And ze hadn’t spent much time with him lately, either. Neil had isolated zim so much during the course of their ‘relationship’, and then everything with the court had taken up the majority of zir time, it had been forever since ze had been able to just hang out with Logan for a whole day.

They were finally able to do that now. Logan had invited zim to an outdoor obstacle course, where they would be challenged to traverse across wooden platforms held high in the trees, swing on ropes, crawl across nets, and zip-line.

Ze spent a lot of zir time in zir room studying, ze cared immensely about zir grades and hoped to be one of the top students at zir college, but it did get very monotonous and boring after a while. A whole day off to do something exciting was going to be great.

Ze also thought it would be nice to have something to remind zimself that ‘exciting’ didn’t have to mean ‘terrifying and dangerous’, it could actually be fun, too. The ordeal with Neil had been ‘exciting’, but it was exciting in a way ze hoped never to experience again.

The morning of the trip, Sam woke up in zir dorm room. Right now, ze didn’t share zir room with anyone. Ze wasn’t sure how to feel about that. Being the only person in the room meant no one was around to distract zim when ze was studying, and some nights ze had this really embarrassing thing happen to zim that ze preferred to be alone for. But it also meant no one was around to talk to, or make zim laugh, or comfort zim if ze had a nightmare.

Nightmares had been happening rather often lately, too. Neil featured in the majority of them, sometimes ze would wake up feeling like his hands were still on zir body. Ze had that unsettling sensation this morning, it was nauseating. Zir skin felt slimy and musty. And ze knew that if ze went to take a shower now, no amount of scrubbing would make the feeling go away.

Ze understood what the unpleasant sensations were, and that they didn’t have a physical cause. Ze had done plenty of research into the effects of what had happened to zim, believing that learning about it and being able to describe it to zimself using cold, clinical terms would help zim to distance zimself from all of it.

It didn’t, though. If anything, having more words to use to describe zir inner turmoil had made it even easier for zim to get caught up in the whirlwind. Now, waking up and being unable to shake the imagined feelings of Neil’s touch away, Sam knew ze was experiencing a tactile hallucination brought on by trauma. Being able to say ‘This is what I have, this is why I feel this way,’ should have been freeing. But, instead, the heavy word ‘trauma’ just weighed zim down. Ze didn’t want to be traumatized, ze didn’t want to be the person everyone else felt sorry for.

That was one of the things ze liked about Logan. He sympathized with zim for what ze had gone through, but not in a “Oh, poor Sam!” kind of way. He didn’t treat zim like ze was made out of tissue paper and eggshells now just because something terrible had happened. He still treated zim the same way he had before Neil had come into the picture.

Even though ze knew it would do no good, and the awful feeling of Neil’s hands on zir skin would remain regardless, ze gathered all of zir showering supplies and a change of clothes and headed out of zir room. Ze padded down the hallway, a bit of wariness creeping into zim.

It was a Saturday, and ze hoped that meant ze was the only one that had a reason to be up this early in the morning. One thing ze STILL hadn’t been able to adjust to about living in a dorm was the fact that ze now had to share a bathroom with dozens of other people. Ze hadn’t minded that aspect TOO much at first, but inevitably ze woke one morning with a whole lot of awful, needy wailing in zir bladder and VERY little time to get to a toilet before ze burst.

Needless to say, the sight of a crowd blocking zim off from much needed relief had not been a welcome one. Shamefully, ze wasn’t totally dry by the time ze was finally able to go.

The restroom in the dorm was co-ed, which ze did appreciate. Ze was non-binary, and preferred to present zimself androgynously. To most people, ze didn’t look entirely like a guy or a girl, and that was fine because ze was neither. It only really got tricky when ze was in a situation where ze was presented with only two options, and neither of them was correct. This happened most often with bathrooms, locker rooms and changing rooms.

Ze sometimes got weird looks in public bathrooms, since ze looked like either a butch woman or an effeminate man depending on who was asked. No one had ever given zim a hard time about it yet, thankfully. So far, the only major issue ze had had was when ze went to the men’s room and the stalls were in-use by people who were taking forever. Ze COULD use a urinal in those circumstances, since ze usually carried around a device that let zim pee standing up.

Trouble was, the device was a hot-pink funnel. So, if someone were to just accidentally look over, that could lead to problems. At best, ze would get a lot more odd looks, at worst, the guy might question zim or do something more.

Ze HAD thought about getting a different device that looked more like a penis, like the prosthetic Logan used to use before his metoidioplasty, but ze hadn’t liked the idea of having a bulge there, even a small one. To make sure, ze walked around with a sock inside zir pants for about a day, and it hadn’t felt right.

So, ze accepted that ze was going to have to avoid urinals.

Ze was glad ze didn’t have to worry about which bathroom to pick in the place where ze actually LIVED.

Nope, the only issue with the bathroom situation here was how long the line could get. And ze hoped that wouldn’t be the case this morning, because ze was realizing there was something else ze needed to do a lot worse than ze needed to shower. Zir bladder was definitely full enough to require a bit of zir attention.

But, when ze got to the hall where the restroom was located, ze was dismayed to see that there WAS a line. A long one, too. So long that ze was worried if ze’d even be able to meet Logan at their agreed upon time. Ze quickly got into line, shifting a little, trying not to pay attention to how much worse zir need for the toilet had become now that ze knew ze had a long wait ahead of zim.

Ze didn’t want to stress about it too much. Yes, ze had to go badly, but ze was also RIGHT outside of a bathroom. Ze could deal with the pressure until ze got through the line.

Ze was right about being able to wait through the line, but had jumped the gun a bit with assuming ze would get to relieve zimself as soon as ze got to the front. The line had taken so long that now ze was going to have to speed through zir shower to make it in time— Using the toilet as well was out of the question.

While ze scrubbed zimself, Sam was very much aware that there WAS something else ze could use the shower stall for. Zir bladder trembled, egging zim on a bit, prodding at zim, reminding zim how good it felt to go. If it weren’t for how gross that dream had already caused zim to feel, ze probably would have just let it out right then and there. Ze just didn’t want to do anything else that could make zim feel ickier than ze already did.

Besides, this wasn’t an emergency. Sam would go once ze and Logan were at their destination. Ze could definitely hold it until then.

Once ze had finished showering and had gotten dressed, ze really had to hurry downstairs to reach Logan in time. The thud of zir shoes against the steps sent harsh stabs through zir bladder, sharp enough to make zim question if not peeing in the shower had really been the best idea.

Oh well, what was done was done. Ze was going to have to hold it in now. Ze reached Logan and waved to him, aware that zir thighs were inching closer and closer together as ze tried to stand still, fighting to adjust to the change in momentum having just run here at breakneck speed. “Hey,” ze said.

“Out of breath?” Logan asked. “You know, if you let me be your roommate, you wouldn’t have to rush around every time we want to meet up.”

Sam wanted Logan to be zir roommate, ze really did… But, ze just knew it was a bad idea. If Logan moved in then, eventually, Sam knew that… A specific, awful, embarrassing thing would happen to zim. And, after that, Logan really WOULD treat zim in that “Oh, poor Sam” way.

It was better for Sam to stay alone until ze could be sure that ‘it’ wouldn’t happen again.

“M—Maybe someday,” Sam said. As Logan started to lead the way to the parking lot, Sam glanced around surreptitiously. Zir bladder was still throbbing hard from all that running— Down a flight of stairs, no less! Ze didn’t know how far away this obstacle course thing even was, it would really be a good idea to go to the bathroom before they left. Now that Logan knew ze wasn’t standing him up, mentioning zir need for a toilet break should be pretty easy.

Except, it wasn’t. Sam didn’t even know why. Ze and Logan had been best friends for as long as ze could remember, doubtless ze had told him ze needed to pee hundreds of times in the past, but today ze was suddenly having trouble forming the words.

It was likely due to Logan asking zim if they could be roommates again, reminding zim of that one little ‘issue’ that made such a thing impossible. It made addressing this topic a little too hard for zim. So, ze stayed quiet and got into Logan’s car beside him.

“You’re gonna love this place,” Logan said cooly. “It’s lots of fun, I’ve been to it a couple times.”

Sam nodded, tensing zir thighs up as the car rumbled to life beneath zim. There was only one thing ze was looking forward to seeing upon their arrival. “I—It’s been too long since I’ve had fun…” ze said.

“Yeah,” Logan agreed. “I know. Every time I call you, you say you have to study. From the sounds of it, you never leave your desk. I bet you forget to eat or use the bathroom.”

Sam bit zir lip. Sometimes, ze got so nervous about tests that ze skipped meals in favor of studying. And, when zir bladder started to tingle, ze would ignore that for as long as ze could too. Having to stand halfway out of zir chair, one hand crammed between zir legs, the other holding a textbook as zir feet stomped frantically into the floor was easier for zim to handle than failing a test was.

Of course, if Sam explained all of that to Logan, he’d probably point out how ze had literally never gotten anything below a B-minus in zir entire life, and the idea that ze could ever totally fail an exam was as preposterous as pigs flying. Logan was the one who’d always struggled at school, Sam had excelled at it.

That was maybe another reason that they SHOULD be roommates. Sam could help Logan study, and Logan could remind Sam to take breaks when it became obvious how badly ze needed one…

But… That one road-block. It was a simple thing, but such a huge issue to Sam that ze saw no way around it.

Recalling all of the times that ze had forced zimself to hold onto a flood while studying made zir current situation feel even more pressing. Because, what ze remembered most clearly about those ordeals was how good ze felt when they were over. When ze finally got to the toilet and either flung zimself onto the seat or positioned zir funnel device depending on how ze was feeling, and was at last able to release all that tension. The relief of those moments could sometimes leave zim breathless.

Ze tried to forget about how good that felt, clenching up zir lower muscles and bouncing a knee as subtly as ze could.

It wasn’t subtle enough. Logan had known zim too long. “Gotta use the bathroom?” He asked.

Sam looked away, annoyed by how bashful ze still felt about this. It wasn’t as though Logan had never seen zim desperate before… “A bit,” ze admitted, tacking on a lie; “It’s not that bad.”

“Alright,” Logan said. “That’s good. We’re almost there, but the restrooms are all at the end.”

Sam stilled. That was awful news, zir heart thundered painfully in zir chest. Why would this place put their only bathrooms PAST the obstacle course? Did they just enjoy cleaning up puddles, or something?

“Well— Hang on, that’s not right,” Logan said, but before Sam could exhale, he explained; “There’s some porta-potties in the parking lot, but— Jeez, they’re grosser than a sewer rat’s exploded intestines. I’d rather piss my pants than use one of them. The actual indoor bathrooms are at the end, so if it’s not an emergency you should wait for them.”

Logan had… A very unique way with words. He could describe things vividly, but not in a way that anyone actually appreciated hearing. “Okay…” Sam said. “I can wait.”

“Good,” Logan nodded. “But, I mean, if you want me to, I can stop somewhere now.”

Sam wanted to accept that offer, if the nagging embarrassment would just go away, if ze could find zir voice and say “Logan, I really have to pee,” like ze had done so many times in the past… If that ‘problem’ wasn’t still knocking around inside zir head and making zim act like an idiot…

It wasn’t like Logan would somehow figure out ze had a ‘problem’ if ze admitted ze was desperate for the toilet now, ze should be able to just—

“I’m fine,” Sam said. “I’m not bursting, I only have to go a little.”

They arrived outside of the obstacle course, which was built high in the treetops. Zip lines and wooden platforms were visible even from the parking lot. Sam grinned at the sight, the smile fading when ze had to actually get OUT of the car. Standing up and stretching added a bit of weight onto zir bladder, and ze had to move between zir feet for a few seconds to try to dislodge it.

It made zim a little wary of how traversing the actual obstacle course would go. If just climbing out of the car had been tricky, how was ze supposed to do something that required ten times the amount of physical activity?

Ze saw the porta-potties Logan had mentioned, and ze could already kind of smell them too. Ze DID have zir funnel device in zir pocket, so if ze wanted to pee standing up, ze could. Ze wouldn’t HAVE to make skin-contact with the toilet seat.

But, Logan had said HE’D rather wet his pants than use those porta-potties, and he could pee standing up too. Standing apparently didn’t make that big of a difference.

For a second, ze looked at the foliage surrounding the parking lot. Ze could maybe relieve the pressure behind one of them, no one would see— And, even if they did, all they’d spot would be a small pink funnel, no glimpses of zir body parts. Zir thighs trembled the longer ze stared at the bushes, bladder throbbing in a much more excruciating way. Ze could relieve zimself— God, how ze needed to—

But… But then, Logan would know that ze had been getting desperate. Logan would know that ze had tried to hide that fact from him for some reason. And, from there, Logan would somehow figure out what zir ‘problem’ was, and why ze didn’t want to be his roommate.

“Sam?” Logan asked, noticing zim dithering. “You coming?”

Tightening zir thigh muscles, Sam darted off to catch up to him, hopeful that ze would be able to contain zimself through the entirety of the course.

Deep down, ze knew that this was idiotic. Ze knew that running through a literal obstacle course, jumping across platforms hoisted high in the trees, climbing across ropes and monkey bars, and flying down zip-lines when ze was ALREADY in pretty severe need of a toilet break was going to be one of the stupidest things ze had ever done. Ze knew that the smart thing to do was to say “Actually, I think I really DO have to pee before we start,” and either brave the disgusting porta-potties or have Logan keep watch while ze went behind a bush.

It wouldn’t even be the first time Logan had done something like that for zim!

Sam said nothing, though. And ze didn’t even try to walk towards the bushes again, just followed Logan to the admissions area.

The throbbing in Sam’s abdomen worsened as ze and Logan strapped on their helmets and other safety gear. Ze fought against the increasingly persistent urge to grab at zimself, a task which was going to be kind of difficult anyway now that ze had so much stuff on. This was a bad idea, the obstacle course looked a lot bigger now that ze was seeing it up close. The thought of having to drag zir aching bladder through this entire thing, zir opening was already stinging, muscles twitching, ze really, really had to—

“What’s that look for?” Logan asked, grinning. “Don’t tell me you’re scared of heights all of the sudden!”

The inner walls of Sam’s bladder seemed to twist. “N—No,” ze said. ‘I just need to go to the bathroom, remember? It’s turning into an emergency.’ The words failed to emerge. In their place was a soft “I’m fine.”

“Alright, I bet I can beat you to the end,” Logan teased.

Sam wasn’t so sure. Yeah, ze was going to be weighted down and probably not moving so well. And, ze was going to need to take at least a COUPLE breaks to steady the waves in zir body when they got shaken up too hard. But, well… Ze knew there was going to be a toilet at the end of this course, and ze didn’t think anything could be a better incentive to hurry than that.

The first thing ze had to do was climb up a net and onto a large wooden deck. Ze thought this one would be pretty easy and, under normal circumstances, it would have been. However, leaving the stable ground and exchanging it for loose, shuddering netting made it difficult to keep zir legs tensed together. Zir bladder didn’t appreciate the way gravity had shifted, either.

Ze grabbed hold of the rope and tried to use it to hoist zimself up faster. That didn’t work out much better. Having to use all the strength in zir upper body, for some reason, made it trickier to control the muscles in zir lower body. Zir stomach was cramping with waves of pain, and ze could feel heat prodding against zir urethral opening.

Sam finally made it up onto the platform after several minutes of fighting zir way there. Logan was already way ahead, and Sam had to pause for several seconds to regain zir bearings. Ze stood on the platform ankles rubbing together anxiously. Now that ze was up in the trees, surrounded by foliage and granted a bit of privacy, ze allowed zimself to squirm a lot more. Ze even permitted zir hands to go down between zir legs for a hard squeeze.

Sam was already sweating, zir skin was scorched pink and overheating. Ze shut zir eyes and tried to take a few steadying breaths. There was a toilet at the end of the course, ze just had to make it there, and then hopefully not take too long debating which door to go through. The way ze usually made that decision in public was to recall what gender most people had assumed ze was throughout the day, but since ze hadn’t really spoken to anyone other than Logan, that wasn’t going to work.

Sam looked towards the next obstacles, and tried not think that ze couldn’t hold it. Ze HAD to hold it now, ze had missed every chance to go, and could now only deal with it. There was nothing ze could do, but acknowledging that didn’t help assuage any of the frantic throbs inside zir bladder. In fact, knowing that ze had no possible way of releasing the pressure was making zim feel more anxious. Zir bladder was straining harshly, and it felt like zir skin was just barely able to contain it. The torrents of liquid that had accumulated in zir body since the previous night wanted out so badly. Holding it in for much longer, let alone continuing through the obstacle while doing it, seemed more unbearable by the second.

Ze was finally able to move again, clipping the safety harness around zir waist— Whyyyy did it have to be right there?!— to the rope above zir head, ze was now going to have to jump across several suspended platforms, each about a foot apart from each other. Jumping one foot would be really easy normally, but right now ze was struggling to move zir feet far enough apart from each other to even walk…

Sam forced zimself to stretch one foot out until it touched the first platform in front of zim. Ohhhh, the pee inside zir bladder thrashed forwards, and it felt like zir urethra was starting to burn. Ze was starting to think about how good it would feel to let a little bit of it out, just a few drops, until it stopped hurting so bad. Just enough so that it didn’t feel like ze was being pulled in two different directions as ze tried to balance on the platform and keep the overflowing cup inside zir abdomen balanced as well.

Sam clenched zir lower abdominal muscles up a little as ze brought zir other foot over onto the platform. It felt very rickety beneath zim, making zim not want to stay on it for very long. Ze knew the safety harness was there, and if ze DID fall, it would keep zim from being hurt. But, it would immediately grip zim right around the waist, very, very firmly. And, that would definitely be enough to make zir bladder gush out in one gigantic flood.

Falling wasn’t an option.

The next platform was a single wooden plank, much thinner than the one ze was on now. Ze tried to inch zir foot onto it slowly like ze had done before, but then the platform under zir other foot started to sway more, and ze had to quickly leap forwards to avoid a disastrous fall.

Zir bladder felt like it had earthquakes going through it, and a stream trickled down zir leg before ze could react. “Ah—“ Sam whimpered, clutching zir crotch tightly with one hand as the other held onto the rope for balance. Ze squeezed zir whole body up as much as ze could. Ze was going to pee, ze couldn’t hold it, zir bladder was so full, so full because ze hadn’t emptied it all day. A whole night’s and morning’s worth of fluid was desperately seeking a way out, and— Ohhhh, ze tried not to think about it! ‘Don’t think about it. Don’t move. Don’t—‘

If Sam had an accident, if ze finally caught up to Logan soaked from the waist down, Logan would laugh… Even though he was zir best friend, he’d still think it was kind of funny. He wouldn’t be able to understand why Sam hadn’t gone earlier when ze had had so many chances, when he’d offered to stop.

And ze wouldn’t be able to explain why ze was suddenly so self-conscious.

Ze wouldn’t be able to tell him about the problem, the one that meant they couldn’t live together, and which often caused Sam to miss out on having a full night’s sleep…

Sam didn’t wet the bed, not really. Ze WISHED that was it. Peeing the sheets in zir sleep would be embarrassing, but not that unusual. Lots of people had accidents when they weren’t fully conscious. On some level, THAT would be understandable.

But, that wasn’t what happened to zim. No, what happened to zim was a lot worse. Sometimes, when ze had a bad enough nightmare, ze would wake up flooded with panic and terror, and unable to focus on zir surroundings for long enough to calm down. Ze would scream without meaning to, and THEN, sometimes, ze would have an accident.

Ze would have an accident in the bed while AWAKE.

That wasn’t understandable on ANY level.

And, that was the main reason why ze couldn’t have a roommate.

Because, sometimes ze woke up in the middle of the night screaming, and sometimes zir sheets got soaked in the process.

And Sam couldn’t do ANYTHING that caused Logan to find out about it. So, ze couldn’t let him think about zim having a bladder-emergency, and ze definitely couldn’t have an accident where he’d see.

Ze forced zimself to move quickly across the last of the platforms, coming to rest on another wide deck area. Once there, ze detached zimself from the safety rope, then crumpled over, hands wedged between zir quivering thighs as ze fought to inhale properly. Ze was so sweaty and out of breath that it was making zim dizzy.

Logan was probably at the end already. Logan was by the restrooms, able to relieve himself right away if he had to. Meanwhile, Sam was trapped here, fighting to even move without spilling gallons of urine down zir legs.

“Sam?”

Sam jumped and forced zimself to straighten up from where ze had contorted zimself into a tight knot of trembling limbs. Logan was coming out from behind the tree this deck had built around. He hadn’t seen zim squirming like that, had he?   “Logan— I—“ Sam stammered. “I thought you were farther ahead.”

“I noticed you were having trouble, so I waited,” Logan said.

Sam tried to hold still now that he was looking. Difficult to accomplish considering that ze was now thoroughly bursting at the seams, and every tree in the course suddenly looked like it needed to be watered as soon as possible.

“You okay?” Logan asked.

“I’m— I’m great,” Sam said. ‘Just about to pee everywhere is all,’ ze thought.

Logan didn’t look like he believed zim, but he didn’t press the issue. That was good. If he kept asking, Sam wasn’t sure how much longer ze could avoid moaning “I don’t think I can hold it anymore!” That made zir skin crawl just thinking about it!

The thought of that embarrassment kept Sam going through the next obstacle, crawling alongside Logan through a net connecting this platform to the next. Zir foot got stuck a few times, the sudden, unexpected tug never failing to draw a quick spurt from zir bladder, but ze managed not to completely lose control.

Ze was grateful that zir shorts were black… A lighter color would probably be showing the damage by now.

Once on the next platform, Sam’s face had gone even pinker, and zir breathing was more ragged than ever. It was coming in rapid, panicked bursts, making it sound like ze had just run fifty miles. Ze clasped zir hands behind zir back to avoid grabbing at zimself again, and another protesting squirt warmly gushed between zir thighs in protest.

‘How much further…?’ Ze wondered. ‘Can’t take it…’

Logan stood beside zim, “Sam, what’s the matter?” He asked. “You don’t look like you’re having fun…”

Great. Now Logan was feeling bad, he thought he’d picked a bad destination for their trip, and that Sam hated it here. Even though Sam had enjoyed outdoorsy things like this in the past. He was probably thinking that ze had changed— Just like everyone else, he was starting to see zim as a different person from before zir experience with Neil.

But, ze WAS the same person— Logan was the only one who’d been able to believe that so far! If ze wasn’t dying to pee, ze knew ze would be having fun. If ze could just have an empty bladder, ze would be jumping and leaping and enjoying zimself.

But… Ze was going to explode, and zir abdomen was aching so much that it was hard to keep tears from forming in the corners of zir eyes.

Logan was SORT of thinking things along those lines, not that Sam had become a different person and no longer enjoyed the same things anymore, but that everything that had happened to zim probably kept them from exercising for a while. He observed his red-faced, bouncing, sweaty friend and thought that maybe ze just wasn’t as in-shape as ze used to be.

“If you need to rest for a minute, that’s fine,” Logan said. “This kinda thing is tiring, so I get it.”

The last thing Sam wanted was to ‘rest’. Ze wanted to get moving, and to pick up the pace. Ze needed to be at that bathroom NOW. “H—How much further?” Ze managed, mentally kicking zimeself. Logan was definitely going to think ze was miserable now.

“A bit…” Logan said. “If you’re a little worn out… We can sit here for a minute.”

Sam shook zir head. “I can’t—“

“It’s alright,” Logan assured. “I’ll sit with you, this doesn’t have to be a race, I can—“

“I— I want to keep going…” Sam insisted. “I need to— To get to the end. Now.”

Logan frowned. Sam got like this sometimes, needlessly stubborn. He always did his best to talk zim down from it though. He thought he was good at it, he wasn’t the type to try to force anything, just letting things be the way they were and going with the flow…

Flow… Sam had mentioned needing to pee earlier… And ze hadn’t gone yet… If it was getting worse, why hadn’t ze said anything? Ze was never shy about it before! That probably wasn’t what was bothering zim, then. Maybe it was just the heat… “I know, it’s really hot today. There’s some soda machines at the end.”   Ohhh, Sam would explode if ze took even one sip! “O—Okay,” ze said. No relief in sight, the swollen lump of fluid trapped inside Sam’s abdomen convulsed sharply, begging for even just a few seconds of blissful relief. Determined to get TO relief before zir muscles all snapped into dust and ze was left pouring out a massive geyser, ze moved forwards again.

Another set of rickety platforms suspended by ropes, each one narrower than the last. Ze clipped zimself to the safety rope, and fought zir way across. Ze was forced to stretch zir legs out much too far to get to each new platform, and each time ze did, ze began to dribble. The area between zir thighs was beginning to feel very clammy, and when ze reached the end, a long spurt hissed forth and simply clenching zir abdominal muscles really wasn’t enou—

Sam thrusted zir hands against zimself, cupping tightly and doubling forwards. “Mmmmmmffff!” Ze squeaked painfully. “I can’t— I can’t—“

“Whoa…” Logan said, stepping onto the platform beside zim. His hand went to zir shaking, hunched back and moved up and down in a soothing motion.

Sam’s cheeks reddened even more, no way could Logan not realize what was wrong now. Ze was about to wet zimself, so, so far from the toilet, and everything hurt, and ze just wanted to go…

The need was so awful and Sam’s muscles were so tired from the exercise and the holding and the tension… Zir palms were the only thing keeping zim from making a huge puddle. “I can’t— I can’t— Can’t, can’t can’t—“

“Sam…” Logan said. “What’s the matter?” Though, that was obvious. He just didn’t understand why ze had kept quiet about it.

“I really have to go…” Sam admitted quietly. “I— Ohhhh…” Ze groaned as another hot spurt seeped into zir clothing, the shock of the sudden spritz of moisture made zim shudder with humiliation, and the need to just give in and let the rest of it out too. Another panicked blast of pee hissed forth and began to glide warmly down zir thighs.

“Okay, okay…” Logan said calmly. “You’ve gotta pee, that’s fine…”

Nothing about this was fine! Ze was going to have an accident right in front of him! Ze couldn’t make it to the end of the course, ze couldn’t make it even ten more feet! Ze was going to PEE right here, right now, and ze didn’t WANT to—

“It’s fine,” Logan repeated. “You have—“ He patted Sam’s pocket, feeling something inside it. “You— You have the STP, right?”

Ze did, but it wasn’t going to do zim any good! Ze couldn’t make it to a toilet!

“Okay, that’s good, means you can just go here, right?”

What? No, it didn’t! He was right there! Ze shook zir head.

“It’s just me,” Logan said. “We’ve both peed in front of each other lots of times, why are you so shy now?”

Because, if he knew ze couldn’t hold it now, SOMEHOW he’d figure out that ze—

“Well… Whatever, if you’re gonna be shy all of the sudden, I’ll shut my eyes. Does that make it better?”

More head-shaking. He was going to find out that ze had accidents somewhat regularly now, he was going to find out that ze had a problem with zir bladder that hadn’t BEEN there before!

“I’ll go with you?” Logan offered. “Honestly, watching you is making me get desperate anyways…”

Another leak, another uncontainable, slow stream running down zir legs. Ze couldn’t hold it… Ze couldn’t…

“F—Fine…” Sam said, fumbling to the edge of the platform, even those few steps were enough to make zim dribble more furiously. Ze pulled down the zip on zir shorts and pulled the funnel from zir pocket. It was contained inside of a small, cylindrical case and ze popped it open to free it before tucking it into place to catch the uncontainable spurts bursting out of zim at regular intervals.

Once ze felt the device underneath zimself, ze moaned and unclenched the rest of the way, liquid flowing down it and out the tip to gush strongly to the ground below. The stone in zir abdomen started to shrink and abate until zir stomach finally started to look flat again.

Logan unzipped his own pants and aimed, needing a second to actually start going since he wasn’t used to peeing while standing so high up in the air. “Phew…” he sighed once his stream began.

He finished up first, even though he’d started second. Poor Sam, still pissing a flood… Why hadn’t ze SAID anything?! Logan had offered zim a stop on their way here, and ze could have mentioned at any point ‘By the way, I’m going to wet myself soon.’ It wasn’t like zim to stay quiet. In the past, Logan could remember Sam being pretty vocal when ze needed to go, complaining about it for ages until ze was able to get relief.

Suffering in silence wasn’t like zim at all…

When Sam was finally empty, ze turned the funnel upside down and shook it out before putting it back into the case and returning that to zir pocket. Ze moaned again, shoulders sagging.

“That better?” Logan asked.

Sam didn’t respond.

That wasn’t normal, either…

“Sam… Is there something bugging you?”   No answer.

“Come on, I know when you’re upset…”

“It’s… I—“ Sam bit zir lip. “I’ve started to— Th—The reason I don’t wanna be roommates yet is— At night I—“

“You wet the bed?” Logan guessed.

Sam shook zir head, “I wish… It’s more complicated than that… It’s… I know that they’re called ‘night terrors’, and I— Sometimes when I wake up like that, I— I… ‘go’. And, since I’m AWAKE when it happens, it’s…”

Logan looked away. Sam had gone through something traumatic, he knew that. He understood that. And, he didn’t like to think that the experience had changed his friend at all, even in tiny ways. He knew Sam didn’t want him to think that, either. Sam hated it when other people walked on eggshells around zim, he wasn’t going to do the same thing…

But, this was a delicate thing, it was obviously upsetting zim… How to address it without it feeling like coddling to zim?

Well, Logan couldn’t change Sam’s situation. It was what it was…   Maybe that was how ZE needed to think about it, too. “I… Maybe you shouldn’t think about it that much,” he said.

“What?! But—“

“I dunno,” Logan admitted. “Just… I mean, try not to worry about it a whole lot— At least the, um, the ‘peeing’ part… If it happens, it happens…”   “But, this is why we can’t be roommates,” Sam pointed out. “Because, like, once a month at least, I’m going to wake up yelling, and I might— I might—“

“And, if it happens, we’ll deal with it then,” Logan said. “But, try to relax about it. I know that’s hard, but… It’s— It’s just an accident, right?”

“I guess…” Sam said.

“I mean, come on, I peed the bed until we were juniors in high school, and I got through it.”
