A Playful Night

Author: SelenaFox

*000*2023-02-03 12:48

A/n: Hellooooo. This is the very first thing I've written without any major assistance from Avery, and I am terribly shy over it! Avery is my writing partner through and through, but I've had this idea in my head for a while, especially since we added Seth and Natalie to the Jillyverse. I've been begging for a couple to add to play with, and I am so delighted that my wish was granted on this! So, now we have this fun (very long) one shot featuring Seth and Natalie!

I hope you enjoy this small little snippet into their lives as much as I enjoyed writing it! :3 If you haven't read any of the stories from the Jillyverse, please feel free to check that out on either mine or Avery's account!

Xoxo, Selena

###

Typically Natalie was an extremely patient person. She was an elementary school teacher and had to learn patience quicker than quick, needing to know how to handle such active minds and equally active little bodies. Natalie was used to answering a million and one questions, mostly involving just the singular word “why?” over and over and over again. She was used to the frustrating moments of one of her students (or all of her students) actively not listening to her and doing exactly as they pleased. However, Natalie was not patient that night, and no amount of trying to subtly hint to her husband Seth that she wanted to leave the party they were attending was working.

Natalie tried to sit as patiently as she could on the plush couch of her friend Samantha’s house, foot tapping every so often as she tried to listen to the current conversation. Samantha had just moved into her new home, and her parents had graciously decided to organize a housewarming party for her. It was a very nice, cozy event, but it was starting to get late, and honestly? Natalie really had to pee.

They arrived at Samantha’s house around 3 in the afternoon to help set up. Natalie and Samantha weren’t best friends, but they were close enough that they tried to help each other wherever possible. Seth, Natalie’s husband, had arrived around 4 to do some of the more heavy lifting for the party, moving tables and helping to get some of the higher reaching decorations in place. They all had a laugh over the fact that they forgot to get a new stepladder for Samantha’s new home. By 5, everyone finally started to arrive. Samantha’s parents quickly ran out and returned with trays of Chinese food that they served buffet style. Drinks, mostly non-alcoholic as the party was in the middle of the week, were free-flowing, the conversation was good, and the music playing softly in the background was perfect. However, it was quickly approaching 11pm, and somehow Natalie had been so caught up in what was happening that she hadn’t used the bathroom.

Logically, Natalie knew that she could just go pee and end her suffering, but every time she seemed to get up, someone would make a run for the single bathroom in the house. She didn’t want to fight for the time to properly relieve herself, and with it being so late, she just wanted to be home. The problem was Seth was very much stuck in an in-depth conversation with Samantha’s boyfriend and her father about some sport she didn’t entirely care about.

“Seth,” Natalie said, nudging his elbow with hers to try and grab his attention. She groaned when Seth ignored her, and she shoved her elbow harder into his side, “Seth!”

“Ow!” Seth exclaimed, rubbing his ribs and shooting Natalie a look. “What?” he asked when he took in the pointed look on Natalie’s face.

“Look at the time,” Natalie said quietly, grateful that Samantha’s boyfriend and father were still continuing the conversation, not noticing the quiet one she was trying to have with Seth. She stared hard at Seth as he looked at his watch and then shrugged, unsure of the issue. Natalie sighed, hesitating for a minute before her foot started tapping more incessantly. “And I really need to pee,” Natalie added in a whisper, looking away as her face turned slightly pink.

Several expressions flickered across Seth’s face in quick succession before a small wicked little grin crossed his face. He leaned back on the couch and dropped an arm around Natalie’s shoulder, pulling her into his side. With a snort, Seth leaned in closer to Natalie, waiting until she turned her face to look at him. Natalie’s brows furrowed slightly at the intense look on Seth’s face, and she nearly let out a groan when he moved a little closer.

“You’re a big girl,” Seth whispered in her ear, “so I think you can hold it for just a little while longer for me.”

The bastard, Natalie thought to herself. She should have known their night would take such a sudden turn. Seth had admitted to her only that morning that he was in the mood to play, so she should have known he would take the opportunity if it presented itself. Admittedly, Natalie was also in the mood to play herself.

After going to her new coworker's house to try and get her a little more settled into the neighborhood, Natalie was presented with a glorious sight. It was an unexpected one, to be sure, but it was rare for her to come across someone else who had accidentally wet themselves. Sure, Natalie felt awful for Jill, knowing how embarrassed she had to have been, but it was exciting to see. It took everything in Natalie’s power to not be over-excited. Though she felt terrible for what happened to Jill and wasn’t going to share her secret with anyone at work, she had to tell Seth.

A slight pang of jealousy suddenly swept through Natalie, and she tamped it down as quickly as it came. She wished that she could pee as freely as Jill, but she personally wasn’t entirely sold on the idea of using pull ups or any sort of diaper. Natalie would use them occasionally, but mostly for special moments and to rile Seth up. She knew just how much he enjoyed her wearing diapers, and even though he couldn’t keep his hands off her when she did, it still wasn’t entirely enough to convince her to wear them more. Still, they were more than content with the playing that they often did, and Natalie was curious to know how exactly the rest of the night would go.

“What number are you at?” Seth suddenly whispered, pulling Natalie out of her thoughts. “7? 8? More at a 9?”

Natalie glanced at Seth and frowned seeing just how much her foot was tapping and how much fidgeting she was doing with her hands. With her face twisting slightly, Natalie adjusted how she was sitting, nearly letting out a moan at the fullness of her bladder. She shook her head as she squeezed her thighs tightly together as she shifted once more.

“Not quite a 9, but getting there,” Natalie finally replied.

“Good,” Seth said, reaching forward to grab his drink off the coffee table and handing it to Natalie. “Drink up. Want you bursting on the way home. We can leave when you’re done drinking.”

Fuck! Natalie wanted to shout as she took Seth’s surprisingly full cup of Sprite from him. Seth was really trying to make sure that it would be difficult for her. They were no strangers to rapid desperation, often opting for it when their days were entirely far too long, but they needed to have fun, but Natalie wasn’t expecting it. She had figured he would make her wait a little while longer before leaving, but Seth was going all in. Natalie was more than willing to take on the challenge.

To make things even worse, Natalie could feel Seth’s fingers starting to trail along her arm. It was gentle, at first, a soft, comforting rubbing of her upper arm that he often did absentmindedly, but then they started to move. Natalie wasn’t the most ticklish, but the soft brush of Seth’s fingertips as they moved up her arm and towards her neck made her almost start to giggle preemptively. His touch was so feather-light that Natalie started to scrunch herself up to avoid him touching her neck, but apparently, she moved too slow.

Seth’s fingers very gently tickled the side of Natalie’s neck, and she let out a squeak as she nearly dropped the cup in her hand and let out the smallest of leaks. It wasn’t enough of a leak to be worrisome, but her squeak of surprise had drawn the attention of the others.

“Sorry,” Natalie said, blushing and giving Seth a small shove to his amusement, “someone decided that they wanted to be funny. Please continue.” Luckily the conversation picked up quickly again, but Seth wasn’t letting up. Knowing that his plan of tickling her neck was now foiled, he placed a hand on Natalie’s knee. He smirked when she clenched the cup in her hand tighter to brace herself for when he would eventually try to tickle behind her knee, something that usually made holding exceptionally difficult for her. Not wanting to be tortured for too long, Natalie practically chugged the drink in her cup and gave Seth an equally cheeky grin. It was Seth’s turn to frown ever so slightly, but he did exactly as he said and graciously exited the conversation so they could finally leave.

“Didn’t want to take your time with drinking?” Seth asked when they were in the comfort of their car. He was slow to turn the key in the ignition, making Natalie’s foot tap even more.

“I haven’t peed since we left the house,” Natalie said with a huff. “And it was getting late.”

“You know you could have gone at any point while we were there.”

“Yeah, but I got caught up in everything. Besides, every time I tried to go, someone else would.”

Natalie could feel Seth staring at her, and she turned her head to look at him. She nearly sucked in a breath at the expression on his face. It was one of her favorite things about when they played; it was one of the few times Seth would become very serious, his gaze holding hers with a steady intensity that made a shiver go down her spine. It was an authoritative look, one that only came out in Seth’s rare desire to control the situation and Natalie’s bladder. If Natalie didn’t know any better, she would think she had wet herself, but Seth’s expression alone was enough to have her dripping with desire. She was equally as ready to play, and whatever his wish would be her command.

“Well, now you just have to prove to me that you’re a big girl,” Seth said with a sigh. “We know that big girls don’t wet themselves, after all. And you’re a big girl, right?”

It took Natalie a moment before she nodded in response, glowing from both her cheeks burning bright red from embarrassment and Seth’s words. He reached up to gently grip her chin to pull her close and give her a chaste kiss on the lips before saying the magic words that would have Natalie more than putty in his hands, “Good girl.”

Natalie couldn’t help but squirm and squeeze her thighs together just to have some sort of friction between her legs, but Seth was quick. The hand gripping her chin immediately shot down to her knee, and he pulled her leg away from the other.

“No trying to keep your legs together, love,” Seth said softly. “You know the drill.”

“But –”

“Shh,” Seth soothed, giving Natalie a quick kiss on the cheek. Seth turned the music on so that it was low before putting the car in drive. “We’ll be home soon.”

Natalie could curse Seth. He had a funny definition of “soon” when she knew it would be nearly an hour before they made it back to the house. Their home was back in the city, while Samantha decided to make her way into the suburbs. Natalie watched the passing street lights, her leg shaking uncontrollably. She wanted desperately to squeeze her legs together, but Seth kept a firm grip on her thigh. Every so often, he would gently rub her thigh, the action both soothing and torturous at the same time. It was enough to make her temporarily focus on something other than the dull ache of her bladder.

“How far are you?” Seth asked about 15 minutes into their drive. “Tell me.”

Natalie moaned, shifting in her seat to try and remove some of the pressure on her bladder from her seatbelt. She was slightly frustrated that Seth had pulled her out of her thoughts, forcing her to think about just how badly she needed to pee. Though she wasn’t actively thinking about it, she knew how much her leg was shaking. Natalie was about to plunge a hand between her legs to brace her crotch against, but Seth shook his head with a pointed look.

“Love?” Seth prompted, a slight flicker of nervousness reflected in his expression as they passed another streetlight.

“A 9,” Natalie finally managed to squeak out. “Definitely a 9.” To Natalie’s dismay, Seth hit a bump in the road, and Natalie had to force herself to clamp down hard out of fear she would leak. “Maybe a little more.”

“Good,” Seth finally replied. He let go of Natalie’s leg long enough to pull the bottle of soda they had purchased on the way to Samantha’s out of the cup holder and handed it to Natalie. “I think you might need this, sweetheart. I suggest drinking it all before we get back.”

Natalie looked at Seth in horror as she took the bottle. She tried to take a mental tally of how much she had to drink already so far. She could recall several cups of water in the few hours before everyone arrived, plenty more cups of soda once the party had started, and then, of course, the rest of Seth’s Sprite before they left. Natalie didn’t have the brain capacity to even think about how much liquid that was, but the 16 ounces of soda in the unopened bottle in her hand didn’t seem like a good idea.

“Seth, if I drink this, I’m seriously going to pee myself,” Natalie said in a panic. “I don’t know that I can.”

There was a small lapse in the stoic exterior that Seth was projecting, and he looked over at Natalie a few times as he drove.

“Is it really too much?” Seth asked gently, returning his hand to Natalie’s thigh, his rubbing a lot gentler and far more soothing than before. “We can stop if you want. You know we only go as far as you want it to.” He lifted his hand to run it down the back of Natalie’s head, stroking her hair. “It’s up to you if you want to keep going.”

Natalie sighed, closing her eyes at Seth’s touch, and leaned into his hand. It was one of the things she always appreciated about Seth. Sometimes, he could get too caught up in the moment, but when he could sense that Natalie was genuinely struggling, he pulled back. She loved the more dominant side he showed, but she loved the gentle side just as much. The soft side was what grounded her during the worst, but his dominant side was thrilling. He never let it out unless they were playing, and if Natalie was being honest with herself, she needed to play. Between witnessing Jill’s little accident and the stress of the new school year, Natalie needed to have a little bit of fun.

“No, I’m fine,” Natalie said, giving Seth a reassuring smile as she cracked open the bottle of Coke in her hand. She lifted it up as if making a toast. “Cheers!” Natalie added as she took a long swig of the very carbonated drink.

“There’s my girl,” Seth said, holding a hand and gesturing for Natalie to give him hers. She sighed, placing her hand in his, and couldn’t help her smile as he raised it to his lips and kissed her hand. “My beautiful, perfect girl.”

“And you are a proper ass,” Natalie replied with a cheeky smile as she pulled her hand out of Seth’s and begrudgingly took another drink of Coke.

“It’s why you married me, no?”

“Hmm,” Natalie hummed in response, not daring to give Seth a proper response out of stubbornness. “I am going to make it all the way home and to the toilet. You’ll see.”

“We will,” Seth answered, his tone holding a hint of a challenge that Natalie most definitely didn’t miss.

Wanting to distract herself as she drank her Coke, Natalie found herself lost in thought. She remembered when Seth first introduced her to the concept of omorashi. It was an unexpected thing for her to learn about. Natalie had always had a silent fascination with watersports but was taken aback when Seth brought it up. It was a conversation they had early on in their relationship, and it was one that Natalie needed to sit with for a while. Even though she knew she was interested in the general concepts surrounding omo, she wasn’t entirely sure if she totally understood. Seth was gracious in letting her explore on her own, gladly answering questions that she had. It didn’t take long for Natalie to realize that her interests had started because she was prone to holding her pee for so long. With that realization in mind, the two never looked back and started to come up with their little games to play together.

Natalie was unceremoniously jolted out of her thoughts when she felt the car run over a series of bumps. Without being able to brace for the impact, Natalie felt her panties heat up as a spurt of pee leaked from her.

“Seth!” Natalie shouted, forcing her legs closed to try and stem whatever flow wanted to break free. She was glad that Seth didn’t force her legs back apart, and he only wore a wicked smile that seemed to glitter with each passing light.

“Oops,” Seth said with a slight shrug. “Everything all right there, love?”

“Yes,” Natalie said with an offended huff. She knew that she most definitely wasn’t fine and was worried that she had possibly leaked through to her jeans. She didn’t think she had leaked too much and was about to try and sneakily check, but Seth knew better.

“Love, are you sure that you’re all right?” Seth asked, his tone of voice dropping an octave.

“Yes,” Natalie replied slowly, cringing when Seth hummed in response.

“You weren’t about to check yourself, were you, love?”

“No?”

Seth tutted, the sound seeming to echo in the otherwise silent car. When had he turned the music off? Natalie wondered to herself. Had Seth been listening to her the entire time? Had she been making noises the whole time? Natalie could feel her face begin to burn even hotter. In between Seth’s soft tutting and the idea that she had possibly been making noises the entire time on top of accidentally leaking, Natalie could feel her embarrassment growing.

“So, if I were to check you myself, you would be perfectly dry like a big girl?”

And there it was again. Natalie felt her entire body grow impossibly warmer, and she nodded, hoping Seth would take the bait and wouldn’t check. Sometimes she was lucky, and Seth wouldn’t check to see if her clothing was damp. If he did, she could only hope she hadn’t leaked that much.

“Of course,” she said, grimacing when she realized her pitch was just a little too high. She cleared her throat with a nervous giggle. “I’m completely dry.”

“Hmm,” Seth hummed as he reached over, his hand snaking over her thigh and then between her legs. Natalie let out a small squeak when Seth moved his hand further to cup her crotch. He hummed once more, casting Natalie a sidelong glance before slowly moving his hand back to the steering wheel.

“Well, I don’t think you’re a big girl after all,” Seth said with a sigh. “If you leaked any more, you would’ve peed all over the seat. I think next time I’ll just have to make sure we have a puppy pad underneath you to make sure the seat stays safe. Do you think you can hold until we make it home like a big girl? Or do I need to pull over to the side of the road?”

Natalie stared at Seth with wide eyes, her jaw dropping. The temptation to tell him to just pull over to the side of the road was high, but she was determined. She clamped her mouth shut and swallowed hard, pointedly turning her attention to the road in front of them. As if to make a point, Natalie opened the bottle of Coke and took another drink, and felt herself light up at the approving smile Seth gave her.

“Good girl,” Seth said. “Remember, big girls get rewarded for doing a good job. We’ll be home soon.”

Natalie wanted to swear up and down as he hit yet another bump in the road. He really had a funny definition of soon when there were still at least another 20 more minutes to go.

Luckily Seth was kind enough to remain quiet for the rest of the ride home. He returned to gently rubbing Natalie’s leg, and Natalie tried to keep her composure as best as possible. The pressure on her bladder was growing exponentially, the dull ache turning into a throb from her clenching. Natalie could swear she could feel every threatening contraction of her bladder trying to relieve itself. When the smallest of leaks would break through to her panties, Natalie couldn’t help but let out a whimper.

Each time she would try to clamp her thighs together in the hopes of saving herself, Seth would grip tightly to her leg. Instead, Natalie was left to shove a hand between her legs which only lasted for a moment when she spotted Seth’s disappointed sidelong glance. She begrudgingly removed it with a soft moan of distress. She had no idea how she would make it, if at all, though she wanted to for the sole reason she had plans in mind. Without any barriers, all Natalie could do was squirm and wiggle in her seat to try and find comfortable positions for herself.

When they finally pulled into the driveway of their home, Natalie was feeling pretty good about herself. Sure, her panties were most definitely damp from each little leak that had sprung free along the way, but she was mostly dry. It would be an acceptable pass at that point, though she still wasn’t sure she wanted to pass the test. Still, she had her seatbelt undone before Seth had the car parked, and she practically launched herself out of her seat the moment the car was turned off. However, it wasn’t Natalie’s brightest move.

Gravity struck Natalie hard, and the moment she was upright, any bit of pee she had immediately rushed downward, forcing her bladder to spasm painfully. She moaned, doubling over and crossing her legs tightly to keep herself from letting go too soon. The last thing she wanted to do was pee herself right then and there, though the thought was tempting.

“You all right, love?” Seth called out from the other side of the car as he stepped out. He closed his door and hit the lock button on his key fob twice to make sure the car locked and stared at Natalie, his expression unreadable. “Or are you about to pee yourself right now?”

“No,” Natalie managed weakly when the worst of the pressure finally crested over its wave. “I can make it.”

“Good girl,” Seth said gently. “Now let’s get you inside. You’ve done so well for me tonight. So well that I might just let you use the toilet.”

“With or without pants?”

“I think you know the answer.”

Natalie more than knew the answer, but she hobbled along behind Seth, bouncing on the balls of her feet as she went. She had her legs clenched tightly together, and she held her hand gingerly over her bladder. She felt that if she kept her hand where it was, it would act like a shield of sorts. From what? Natalie wasn’t sure, but it was good enough for her to go along with.

To Natalie’s further dismay, Seth wasn’t nearly done teasing her in the least. Usually, he was quick to open the door for her and at least get her into the bathroom where she could finally pee somewhere, but he was fumbling hard with the keys.

“Oh, no,” Seth said with a dry tone as he dropped his keychain, each and every single key falling to the ground with a clatter. The moment the keys hit the ground, Natalie let out a noise between a growl and a moan, the sound somehow increasing her need to pee. “How unfortunate. Do you think you could grab those for me, love?”

“Seth,” Natalie said with a whine. “I swear, I am going to pee myself right here!”

“You could, but you’re not going to, right?”

“Seth, I am going to burst!”

“Grab the keys for me,” Seth repeated. “I think you can handle that much for me, right, love?”

Sometimes Natalie loved to hate Seth. He really was a completely different person when they played. If he were anyone else, she wouldn’t be remotely willing to do something like pick up the house keys when presented as an expected demand. With a groan, Natalie carefully bent down to grab the keys and let out a squeak when a small spurt of pee released itself when she leaned forward.

“Everything all right?” Seth asked as Natalie straightened up and thrust the keys towards him, red-faced and unable to look him in the eye.

“Fine,” Natalie answered. She wished she could check herself, but she knew Seth was very aware of what had just happened, and she had to admit the slight relief of pressure was worth the further dampening of her panties. “Please just let me in.”

“All right, only because you’ve been so good,” Seth said with a sigh as he finally opened the door.

Natalie moved as fast as she could into the house, kicking off her shoes frantically as she bounced from foot to foot. She started to make her way toward the half-bath that was a few steps into the hallway before pausing and looking at the stairs to head upstairs to their bedroom.

“Everything all right?” Seth asked in concern, his tone much different than just moments before. “Did you change your mind?”

“No,” Natalie said quickly, glancing back at Seth and giving him a reassuring smile. “I just have a different idea.”

“A different idea?”

“Well, yeah.” Natalie worried her lip between her teeth, looking between Seth and the stairs. “I was thinking about how you mentioned that you wished I would wet the bed so that you could take care of me. I know it’s not entirely the same situation, but….” Natalie trailed off with the smallest of shrugs.

Seth was silent for a moment, trying to process what Natalie was trying to say. After what felt like ages, he stood up straighter and gave a slight nod. “Are you sure?” Seth asked. “I know you’ve always been concerned about getting the mattress wet.”

“Well, we bought the waterproof cover,” Natalie answered, shifting from foot to foot. “And I’m willing to give it a go if you want me to. Make things a little bit different.”

“All right,” Seth said quietly, crossing the space between them to press a kiss to the top of Natalie’s head. “But only if you’re sure.”

“I’m sure.”

“Think you can make it up?”

“I can if we go fast.”

Without needing any further prompting, Seth led the way up the stairs. They had purchased a mattress protector a few months prior but had never gotten around to trying it out of Natalie’s fear of things going wrong. It was one that they just laid down on the bed, and it wasn’t fitted, but she felt daring enough to give it a try. She still worried that it would go wrong, but they had to experiment with it at least once to decide if it was something they added to their play regularly.

Seth was conscientious about setting the mattress cover on their bed, sneaking looks at Natalie as she stood in the corner of their bedroom, dancing on her feet. He couldn’t stop himself from smirking in amusement at her little dance as he meticulously made sure the protector met each corner. As an added measure of protection, Seth added towels on top of the cover to ease some of Natalie’s concerns.

“Do you think it’ll be okay?” Natalie asked, eyeing the setup dubiously.

“Well, there’s only one way to find out,” Seth answered, his firm tone quickly returning. “Get on the bed.”

Natalie did exactly that with quiet moans and groans as each movement shifted her bladder more. She made her way to the center of the bed and was about to ask Seth what to do next, but before she could, she found herself flat on her back with Seth on top of her. How she managed to hold any of her pee in, she wasn’t sure. Natalie let out a squeak of surprise and took in Seth’s mischievous look with a mixture of curiosity and fear.

“What are you thinking?” Natalie managed to say as Seth wedged himself between her legs and pressed himself up against her. She wasn’t remotely surprised by the thick bulge at the front of Seth’s pants grounding into her. Natalie groaned as Seth’s weight increased the pressure on her bladder, and she hoped she could clamp herself down enough to keep herself from peeing right then and there.

“Well, I’m thinking about the fact that you are wearing the absolute perfect jeans right now,” Seth said, running a hand down Natalie’s thigh. “You know I love when you wear the light-colored jeans, and for some reason, you’ve been avoiding wetting this particular pair for me.”

“I know, which is why I was planning to do that tonight,” Natalie replied. She squeaked again when Seth pressed more of his weight on her, and a small dribble of pee freed itself.

“I figured, especially since you’re being brave enough to try this. And I was also thinking about how I planned to reward you if you managed to make it home with no issues.”

“And?”

“How close are you?”

“Seth, I swear to you, I am about ready to burst.”

“Good,” Seth grinned. “Since you didn’t make it home entirely dry, I’m afraid I will have to punish you. And since you’re so close, this won’t take very long at all.”

Before Natalie could question what Seth meant, his hands immediately flew to wherever he could start to tickle. He started with her neck before moving to her side. Natalie immediately squealed and fell into a fit of giggles. Even if she wanted to, Natalie couldn’t stop the sudden flow as the dam finally broke, and her bladder decided to give up.

It was slow at first, the initial leak that found its way to Natalie’s panties. She tried to close her legs as Seth continued to tickle her, but he was firmly pressed between her legs. The moment she started to flail, he pressed himself into her further, increasing the weight and pressure on her bladder, and all hope was lost.

The more Natalie laughed, the more pee came out of her, releasing from her bladder that was starting to feel like a deflating balloon. Her panties filled quickly in the crotch with her very hot pee before flowing downward towards her bottom, pooling at the back of her panties, and overflowing into her jeans. She could feel the warmth spreading down her legs and creeping up the back of her shirt. Natalie could feel a puddle forming around her that was very slowly absorbed by the towels spread out underneath her, but not nearly quick enough as she continued to let go. She tried to stop the flow in vain, but the more she tried, the more Seth would tickle her, and more pee shot out instead.

Natalie was beyond soaked, and the more her pee pooled around her, the more she could feel it seep into the fabric of her jeans and shirt. Her panties were completely drenched, and Natalie did a tiny wiggle when she noticed a small pool of pee still sitting between her body and the fabric. Rather than releasing the trapped pee herself, Seth pressed himself into her once more, making Natalie gasp in surprise at the sudden last rush of liquid running down her bottom. Finally, with the last weak trickles of pee making their way from her body, Natalie let out a long breath.

The relief Natalie finally felt was practically tangible, but as Seth finally stopped tickling her, Natalie’s brain decided to catch up with her. She felt her entire body heat up with embarrassment at the realization that she was lying in a puddle of her own pee, Seth fully pressed up against her and beyond rock hard. Natalie dared to look down and groaned seeing that not only had she completely flooder herself, but Seth was noticeably soaked as well. His entire crotch was covered in her pee, and large patches seemed to travel down his thighs and to his knees, where the mattress was compressed down by his weight. Her cheeks burned, both from how embarrassed she was and how turned on she became, and the tell-tale tears that always threatened to appear when they played started to fill her eyes. Sometimes it felt like it was just a little too much.

“Hey, it’s okay,” Seth said, giving Natalie a quick kiss before looking at the damage that had been done. “You really had to pee, didn’t you, love?”

“I did,” Natalie said quietly, trying to blink away the tears that were still threatening to appear. Before her tears could make themselves known, Seth dropped almost the entirety of his weight on Natalie as he pulled her face close for a deep kiss. Natalie wasn't sure how long they stayed enveloped in each other that way. All she had been able to focus on was Seth’s mouth on hers, the way he would grind himself against her, and the cooling of her pee that was subsequently rewarmed by Seth deciding to let go himself. Seth deciding to add to the puddle she had created turned Natalie on even more than she was before. There was zero thought when they were both stripped out of their clothes, not bothering to clean up before allowing things to progress further.

Natalie was silently grateful that despite making it into the shower together to clean off, Seth opted to make it quick to clear their bed. He spent some time with Natalie leaning against him so he could wash her hair for her as she came down from the high of their playing. Knowing that Natalie needed some time alone, he gathered Natalie’s fancy soaps and deposited them in the shower for her before he dried off and changed and started to clean their bedroom.

When Natalie climbed into bed next to Seth, freshly showered and sleepy, she gave a small wiggle of delight at Seth pulling the warm covers over her. She hadn’t expected him to run the blanket through the dryer to make it extra warm, but it was a step that she delighted in all the same. Natalie happily curled up into Seth’s side as he put an arm around her, and she rested her head on his chest with a content sigh.

“Feeling better?” Seth asked softly.

“Much,” Natalie replied. “Thank you, but we’ll talk in the morning,” Natalie mumbled as Seth turned out the light. It didn’t take long for Natalie to fall asleep listening to the soft rumblings of Seth’s voice through his chest as he listed all the reasons why he loved her. Natalie wasn’t sure that she could fall asleep any happier or more content than she was, and she looked forward to the next time she would get to play with her husband.

