My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*015*2023-01-04 05:44

Forgot to put this one here...

***

"Wow, that was a lot today,” James giggled to himself as he and Ethan were laying in bed.

“It was,” Ethan agreed. “I think that’s the worst I’ve needed to ‘go’ in ages. I’m still kind of sore.” He rubbed a hand over his midsection, the muscles there still felt taut and worn out. His bladder was NOT pleased with him for that marathon of a hold. It was touchy and irritable.

By the time they’d returned home, James was absolutely bursting. He’d spent the latter half of their drive crossing his legs and bouncing, repeatedly asking how much longer it would be even though they’d taken the rout from Ethan’s office to their house hundreds of times. Ethan actually ended up speeding a few times because he was so determined to get James comfortable again.

Ethan himself hadn’t been that comfortable either. His sphincters and holding muscles had been shot to Hell after everything he’d put them through. Only twenty minutes after he’d finally relieved himself, he was eager to go again. Beyond that, his brain was uncomfortable as well. He knew James only had to pee so badly because he’d had so much to drink right before they’d left.

He’d… Drank so much of Ethan’s…

‘But, he told you it was okay,’ Ethan reminded himself. ‘He wasn’t disgusted, and now the only bad thing that’s happened to him is he needs to go… Get rid of it all for good. It’s fine.’

They made it home in time for James to use the restroom. He left the door open while he urinated, as he so often did. The sight of James’s shoulders slumping, and the sound of his pee hissing away, made Ethan’s fatigued bladder cramp up and prompted him to rub his knees together.

James caught him fidgeting in the corner of his eye and stepped over slightly without a word so that he could join. Ethan accepted the offer gratefully, pulling himself out and relaxing his weary sphincters. He was relieved in two ways then, first from simply being able to go, and again when he felt no pain as it trickled out of him. He’d been a little concerned that he may have REALLY held it in for too long today and could have gotten an infection. Luckily, there was no stinging or burning, just the calm feeling of his body doing what it needed to do.

Ethan’s bladder continued to act up through the rest of the evening. He wasn’t able to make it longer than thirty minutes without needing another toilet trip. It didn’t freak him out too badly, this often happened if he and James played a game and James was particularly unwilling to give him permission to let it flow. He knew his body would be back to normal eventually.

As he laid in bed now, he sure was still feeling achey, though…

James watched him smoothing his hand along his abdomen and frowned. “You’re okay, right?”

“Yeah, I’ll be fine,” Ethan promised. “I’ve gotten kinda sore from holding it before, remember? Are… Are YOU feeling okay?” He asked. He hadn’t wanted to bring it up, but it had been weighing on him. “I mean, you aren’t… Nauseas, or anything, right?”

“Nope,” James said. “Pee’s normally safe to drink, unless the person it came out of was sick. That’s why you can drink it when you get lost in the dessert and can’t find any water.”

“I’ll keep that in mind in case we ever get stranded, I guess,” Ethan said.

“Okay, good,” James said. “Because, with how big your bladder is, I’m sure you’ll have enough that neither of us gets dehydrated!”

“Eheh, yeah…” Ethan started to lay down, but a pain stretching out within his lower stomach and down his sides made him pause with a wince. “Oooh…”

James watched with great concern. He had seen Ethan get worn out after a holding game a few times. He had seen Ethan need a day or two to recover afterwards before his bladder was back to normal. But, right now, he was acting more like he’d just run a marathon and all of his muscles had been annihilated. He was acting like he was REALLY hurt.

“Are you sure you’re alright?” James asked once more. “Do you… Need, like, a heating pad?”

Ethan laughed. “Actually, yeah. That might help,” he admitted. “I did that before once.”

 That meant Ethan had worn his bladder out to this degree at least one other time; One other time that James hadn’t gotten to see. He slid out of the bed. “Okay, I’ll go get the heating pad for you. And when I get back, I need to hear that story, okay?”

“Ha, of course. I’ll tell you.”

James went into the restroom and retrieved the heating pad, then ran straight back to the bedroom. He was certain he’d made the trip in less than thirty seconds. As a confirmation, Ethan snorted out a laugh. “Wow, that was fast… Someone really wants a bedtime story, doesn’t he?”

“Yes!” James beamed. He plugged the heating pad in and let Ethan rest it against his bladder area. He hoped it made him feel better. He didn’t want Ethan to be in too much pain to tell the story!

“Okay, lay beside me then,” Ethan said.

James did so eagerly, cuddling against his partner, careful not to jostle him around too much.

Ethan draped an arm around him, gently massaging him as he spoke. “Okay. So, my first job out of college wasn’t in my own office, of course. I needed a bit more experience first, so I applied to be the guidance counselor at the middle school. I was hired, but the principal and I weren’t often on the same page. There are some people who think psychology is pseudoscience, or that therapy isn’t ever necessary for children— They either believe kids can ‘bounce back’ from things better than adults can, or that they haven’t faced enough ‘real’ problems to need help. The principal was a bit like that. On my very fist day he made it clear I’d only been hired because it was a requirement that the school have a counselor, and if he’d had it his way, then there just wouldn’t be one.”

“Well, that’s really mean,” James said. “I hope he didn’t hurt your feelings.”

“He did a little,” Ethan admitted. “When you get a new job, it’s not very fun to hear your boss basically tell you he doesn’t want you there. There were arguments sometimes, because part of my job was to help coordinate things for kids that need extra assistance. Very often, he would think my suggestions were unnecessary. There was a student who was very prone to panic attacks when she got overwhelmed. I met with her, her family and some of the staff so that we could set up a quiet space for her to go if she needed it. Her parents and a few of the teachers were on board, but when I went to the principal later, he thought it was all ridiculous.”

***

“Amanda is eleven,” Principal Haskins said, speaking extremely slowly. As if Ethan were a toddler and couldn’t understand long words. “Eleven year olds don’t have anxiety and panic attacks.

Ethan shook his head. He could tell Haskins that Amanda had come into his office hyperventilating and fighting for breath multiple times now. He could tell him that she’d broken down in tears because she was so scared all of her friends thought she was ‘insane’ because of her ‘freak outs’. He could tell him that ‘eleven’ was actually a pretty normal age to begin experiencing such things,. A sudden influx of hormones mixed with rapidly evolving social dynamics and levels of responsibility created an extremely stressful time, and with Amanda’s older brother moving away to college recently, of course she was carrying heavier feelings.

But, that would be sharing things about Amanda that she hadn’t told him he could share. So, instead he tried to calmly explain that anxiety was a completely natural emotion that everyone experienced, no matter what age, and that some people struggled with it more than others. Ethan felt awkward and out of place as he spoke. It was kind of surreal, because he knew everything he was saying was correct, yet being looked down upon by an authority figure made it impossible for him to sound confident.

“What does an eleven year old have to be getting ‘anxiety’ about?”

“I… Am not able to tell you the specifics,” Ethan said. He’d begun to fidget with his fingers, gripping onto them with his opposite hand and tugging at them. ‘Stop that…’ he told himself. “But, all people face stress, and—“

“Then she doesn’t need special treatment.”

“A—As I was saying, there are differing degrees to anxiety,” Ethan reiterated. “Sometimes—“

“Next time you see her, how about you try just telling her to calm down?” Haskins suggested.

‘Right, and then I’ll tell someone with a broken leg to just walk,’ Ethan thought. He wanted to say that out loud, but his tongue felt thick and heavy. “I— I’m afraid it’s a little more complex than that.”

***

“We went around and around for a bit,” Ethan explained to James. “In the end, I had to tell the student to just try to come to my office when she was struggling. But, I couldn’t get the principal to sign off on letting her leave class if she felt like she was going to have an attack. It was pretty heartbreaking, she was so upset about her classmates seeing her that way. She started to get teased, and that made her anxiety worse. All I could do was talk to her for a little while every few days.”

“That principal sounds awful,” James said.

“He definitely was,” Ethan said. “The good news is that it’s been a while since then, and the school’s got a new principal. I still hear from that student sometimes, and I think she’s really starting to flourish now that she’s in another school.”

“Oh, good!” James said. “But… Um… How does this—“

“Right, you want to hear about the time I completely wore out my bladder, don’t you?”

“… Yes, please.”

“Okay,” Ethan said with a smile. “So, as you can tell, the principal did not respect me at all. A few of the teachers did, but not many of them. And some of the other staff members weren’t that friendly, either. I think with a lot of them, they were going along with what the principal said because he could choose whether or not they’d be back for the next school year, and could make their jobs harder if he wanted to… You get the point, I was at the bottom of the totem pole there. Very rarely did anyone think I’d have something worthwhile to say, so I’d get ignored a lot when we did staff meetings. Even when I really, really, REALLY needed someone to acknowledge me.”

***

Every so often, the members of the school staff spent an entire day holding a meeting together at the long table in the library. The students loved those days, because the school would be closed and they wouldn’t have to come in. Ethan, on the other hand, didn’t like meeting days at all. He did not at all enjoy working in a place where his boss and the majority of his co-workers thought that he didn’t serve any real purpose. The students were the only things keeping him completely hating his job. Being able to do what he could to help them through their problems made his OWN problems easier to live through.

On a staff in-service day, he didn’t get to do any of that. He’d just get to sit there and listen to whatever Principal Haskins wanted to talk about. He could make suggestions about things, but he was rarely even acknowledged when he spoke, and whatever he said would NEVER be taken seriously.

During the meetings, Ethan would be made to feel like he was a lot younger than he actually was. He was treated like a small child trying to butt into a grown-up conversation that everyone else knew he couldn’t fully understand. If he wasn’t outright ignored, he’d just be brushed aside, like an irritating fly. Sometimes, it was like Haskins didn’t even HEAR what Ethan had just said to him.

The most irritating moments came when Ethan spoke up, was ignored as usual, and then someone ELSE immediately said the SAME thing he just had, and Haskins suddenly exclaimed that THEY’D made a great point. Ethan figured that Haskins was probably trying to get a rise out of him, because if Ethan ever raised his voice or got too emotional, then Haskins would finally have an excuse to fire him and find a new person to fill the counselor position; Hopefully someone who wouldn’t try so hard to make Haskins take the mental health of his students seriously.

That was what Ethan thought anyway, and nothing about Haskins’s behavior suggested to him that he could be wrong.

In spite of it all, Ethan could not bring himself to truly hate Haskins. He disliked the man, sure, but he did his best to understand that Haskins was STILL a person, no matter how annoying and uncaring he was. Haskins was a really old guy, and while Ethan didn’t want to judge him based on his age, he thought it COULD explain why he had a negative view of therapy. Haskins also likely didn’t remember what it was like to be a kid very well anymore, so perhaps he just didn’t UNDERSTAND that things that seemed super small and trivial to an adult were major catastrophes to children.

During one particular meeting, Ethan finally started to actively revile Haskins. He didn’t lose sight of Haskins’s humanity, but clearly saw that he was the sort of person that often acted with very deliberate malice. He was still a person, and he was one of the few people Ethan hated.

The day of the meeting got off to a terrible start when Ethan’s alarm failed to ring. He overslept, but luckily only by about twenty minutes. He still had a chance of making it to the school on time so long as he skipped his morning shower. He quickly put on some clean clothes and made his hair look half-way presentable, then finished his coffee as fast as he could, because there was no way he could function this early without it.

Halfway through the drive to the school, Ethan noticed the problem. Since he’d failed to shower this morning, he hadn’t gone into the restroom. And, thanks to his tiredness, without actively SEEING the toilet, it hadn’t crossed his mind that he ought to USE it before going anywhere. As he waited at a red-light, he took stock of his situation. Did he need to go? Yes, he most certainly did. His kidneys had been hard at work all night, pumping quite a bit of fluid into his bladder, which he hadn’t relieved since around eight the previous evening. The result was a constant, dull tingle encompassing his abdomen.

Recalling a similar mistake he’d made before boarding a flight, one which had ended with him being caught urinating onto a fake fire hydrant meant to be used by service dogs, Ethan knew that foregoing his morning pee was going to cause trouble if he didn’t rectify it soon. As he drove, he passed by a gas station. He wondered if he could stop at it for a quick piss.

A glance at the car’s clock told him that wasn’t an option. It was very nearly eight, which meant he was going to be late if he took a break.

It was very nearly eight, which meant it had been almost twelve hours since he’d last—

Ethan shook his head, trying to clear that from his mind. Yes, twelve hours was a long time, but he didn’t need to go THAT badly. He’d been asleep through most of it, so he hadn’t even been drinking anything.

He HAD just finished a big mug of coffee…

That wasn’t a big deal! He’d be perfectly fine, and he’d go as soon as he got to the school.

Ethan made it to the building in time and found a parking space. When he exited the car and stood up, a tight knot of pressure wound its way through his bladder. He sucked in his cheeks and exhaled very slowly and carefully. It seemed he needed to go a little more than he’d thought. At least he was near a bathroom now. He just had to go straight through the front door, turn down the first hallway and he’d be free. He could forget that this whole silly mistake had even happened.

He was able to accomplish the first step with ease, making his way inside the school. He could already feel something inside of him going a little looser, prompting him to tighten his thighs to keep his bladder from getting too eager.

It was a good thing he’d been squeezing his holding muscles so tightly as he’d headed towards the hallway, because the sudden slap against his back may have made him leak otherwise. “Ah..?” He turned, seeing that Haskins was gripping his shoulder.

“Finally decided to turn up?” Haskins asked him. “We can’t get started until everyone is present. You know that.”

“I— I understand that, sir,” Ethan said. He wished Haskins would let go. His hand was too tight, sort of pinching his shoulder blade. And Ethan couldn’t juggle TWO uncomfortable pressures right now. “But, um, I’m actually a couple minutes early… I thought I could use that time to—“

“It is customary that one arrives at least half an hour before we are scheduled to start,” Haskins scolded, but also finally released his arm.

That had never been explained to Ethan… He rubbed his sore shoulder as he replied; “I— I see. Very sorry, I was unaware. I’ll be with you all in just a moment, hang o—“

 “We have waited long enough on you, Ethan,” Haskins said. “Please come take your seat so we can begin.”

Ethan wanted to protest. The dressing down from Haskins had, for some reason, ignited a fire underneath his bladder and it now felt much warmer and heavier. Knowing that there were toilets a few paces away made it that much worse. He knew better than to argue, however. And he also knew that restroom breaks were permitted during the meetings, all a person needed to do was say where they were going and leave. Ethan could handle waiting through the introductions before taking a quick break.

When he got to the table in the library and sat down in a chair, he was crossing his legs and hoping that it wouldn’t take TOO long before he had an opportunity to excuse himself. Everyone else— save for Haskins— was already seated, and a few glanced in his direction, but only for a moment. He was grateful that they hadn’t lingered on him for too long, certain that discomfort was visible in his expression and posture.

Small plastic cups were laid out in front of each seat and Ethan groaned at the sight of them. They were empty now, but soon would be filled with water from the jug Haskins brought in. Now, he wished he really HAD been late, and was bracing himself for the auditory and visual torment that was about to befall his bladder.

Sure enough, when Haskins started to pour water into each of the cups, it felt more like the jug was being emptied into Ethan’s bladder. As his ears were assailed by the hiss of moving liquids— which sounded far louder than it had any right to— Ethan wished that he had the ability to turn back time. If he could just go back, make himself wake up a few minutes earlier, he could be seated here so much more comfortably.

Haskins continued around the table. The closer he got to Ethan, the more Ethan had to wriggle in his seat. He could see the streams pouring from the jug a lot more clearly now. He could see the way the fluid gleamed in the light, the gentle flow as it trickled down. He leaned backwards in his chair, trying to take some of the pressure away from his bladder. He assured himself that there would be a time— very soon— where he would be able to take a toilet break. He’d be able to go before his urge went from ‘really, really uncomfortable’ to ‘a total emergency’.

At last, Haskins came to Ethan’s side. Haskins glanced at him for a moment. Was he looking at him longer than he had anyone else…? Ethan tried to unclench and stop looking so tense. To Ethan’s surprise, he spoke; “You look really thirsty,” he said.

Ethan said nothing. He was sure that his face was flushed. He could feel himself sweating. He probably DID look a little dehydrated.

Haskins began to fill Ethan’s cup. Ethan clenched his eyes closed against the sight— a stream running out right in front of him! So close, he could hear every drop as it plinked against the plastic.

He found himself recalling his last physical at the doctor’s office. Having always struggled with providing urine samples when asked, he’d stupidly decided to get his bladder good and full before his appointment. But, then his appointment ended up being delayed, and he was stuck waiting in the office for nearly two hours, pee stretching him out so far that he was fighting back tears. When the doctor finally showed up, Ethan humiliated himself by begging to please, please be allowed to give his urine sample before ANY other part of the examination took place.

His request was granted, and he was graciously allowed to fill (Well, overflow, really) a specimen cup in the restroom. The sound of his pee gushing into that receptacle was identical to the sound he was being subjected to now. But, at the doctor’s office, the noise had been accompanied by one of the most glorious feelings of relief Ethan had ever had the pleasure of experiencing. Here, it was accompanied by the sensation of a jackhammer drilling against the hard stone of his un-emptied bladder.

Suddenly, Ethan couldn’t take it anymore. “U—Uh, while you f—finish with the drinks, I need to take a bathroom break, okay?”

He awaited Haskins’s response, dreading that he’d say ‘no’. But, he didn’t. He didn’t say ANYTHING. When Ethan opened his eyes, Haskins had already moved onto the next person, apparently not having even heard his request.

“S—Sir?” Ethan asked.

Haskins just kept moving down the table. Ethan tried twice more to get his attention, but then Haskins had taken his own seat and the meeting was underway.

‘Okay… Okay…’ Ethan thought. ‘This will be fine. You don’t have to listen to water sounds anymore, so you should feel better. Just hang on until there’s a lull in the conversation, then you can ask again. He just didn’t hear you. It’s fine.’

The reassurances didn’t do much to calm his bladder down. He’d said the words ‘I need to take a bathroom break’! And that meant he was SUPPOSED to be peeing now! That was how it worked! The full organ was thrashing around inside of him now, frustrated at having its needs ignored. He shifted around again, his ankles rubbing together. He was certain that his coffee was beginning to kick in now, because his urgency was ramping up at a fast enough pace to alarm him.

“Alright, seems we finally have everyone here,” Haskins said, looking straight at Ethan.

“I’m very sorry,” Ethan said, fidgeting from something other than desperation for once. Now that Haskins’s eyes were on him— now that EVERYONE’S eyes were on him— he thought maybe he’d actually be HEARD when he asked for relief. His bladder cramped and begged him to please, please ask. But, he didn’t want to leave now, not after Haskins had just called attention to his ‘lateness’.

‘But, you weren’t even LATE,’ Ethan reminded himself. ‘You were two minutes EARLY— Which should have given you time to—‘

“So, we’ll get started now,” Haskins continued, looking away from Ethan to address the group as a whole. “There are a few things to discuss today, so this will be one of our longer meetings. We’ll have a short lunch break in a few hours, though.”

Ethan jammed his thighs together, taking care to ensure his opening was pinned right in between them. One hand squeezed onto his knee, the other gripped the edge of the table. He swore he noticed Haskins’s eyes flick towards him as he’d mentioned how long this meeting would be. ‘You imagined that,’ Ethan thought. ‘Needing to go is just making you feel vulnerable. Calm down.’

“First thing,” Haskins said. “I’ve noticed some test scores slipping. Ms. Hollow, I understand that even one of the top students in your home room class is beginning to fail exams. You have been devoting all of your class time to instruction, haven’t you?” No allowing the kids to goof off?”

This was something Ethan thought he could shed SOME light on. Generally, when a formerly straight-A student suddenly started to struggle in school, that meant something ELSE was going on in their life which affected their ability to concentrate. He also figured he knew which student Haskins was talking about. Her grandfather had passed away recently, she’d come to Ethan a few times to talk about how she’d been unable to stop thinking about him and how much she missed him.

Ethan couldn’t give all the details, but he could explain that a sudden, rapid decline in school grades was often a sign that a student needed extra emotional support. He tried to say as much, but he barely even had time to open his mouth before Haskins was speaking again. “I’d like to suggest that we give the students a little extra homework for a bit, more practice before tests should nip all of this in the bud.”

Ethan wasn’t so sure. Of course, more studying could be helpful, but that was only a piece of the puzzle. And there did exist such a thing as studying TOO much, being burned out was never good, either. He almost said something, but then his attention was drawn back towards his bladder. Heat started to move down his length. The hand on his knee quickly went to his crotch instead. He blushed furiously, appalled that he was gripping himself in the middle of a meeting. He’d just been so certain that he was about to leak that he’d acted on instinct. At least no one could see where his hand was below the table.

So, when Ethan made another attempt to speak up, he did so with the intent to ask for a toilet break. “Ex—Excuse me…” He said, nervous that it was still too early in the meeting to leave.

Not that it mattered, because it didn’t look like Haskins had heard him. He just kept talking, giving suggestions on new practice assignments the students should do at home, how much work to give at once, the importance of emphasizing to students that their test scores mattered. The teachers around Ethan threw in their own input, and the librarian recommended a few work-books to find assignments in.

All the while, Ethan’s bladder grew more and more irritable. It pulsed and pounded, and he felt heat rushing against his opening. He put both hands in his lap and leaned forwards into them. Everyone was talking over each other, so he didn’t have THAT much hope that he’d be heard, but he gave it another try anyway; “Excuse me, I—“ He cleared his throat, immediately regretting it when that managed to prompt a little dribble of liquid to warm his boxers. “Excuse me—“

No one even looked at him. He tried one more time, raising his voice. “Excuse me!”

Nothing. It was simply too loud at the moment. He had to wait for everybody to quiet down again. THEN, he was sure, he would finally be allowed to go.

It took almost half an hour for everyone to come to an agreement on the amount of homework each class should give per night. Ethan spent each of those thirty minutes in near-total agony. He’d been unable to stop a few more spurts from leaking out of him, and each one shocked him so much that he couldn’t help but try again to get someone’s attention. It was like he’d been turned completely invisible, though. No one so much as glanced at him, even when he was sure the hissing of his momentary losses of bladder control should have been loud enough to hear.

Maybe he HAD somehow turned invisible. That would sure be nice. He could squirm and writhe as animatedly as he’d like. Hell, he could even just get UP and go use the restroom! He knew better than to actually believe he’d developed a super-power though. He knew he was visible, and that if he stood, he would be told to sit back down by Haskins.

But— But, then Haskins would be NOTICING him! And he’d be able to say “I just need to go to the bathroom, I’ll be right back.” Maybe he should just do that!

Clenching his eyes closed and tightening down on his lower muscles, Ethan prepared to stand. He’d been seated for so long with his ankles knotted together that his feet had fallen asleep. He knew getting up was going to hurt, to say nothing of what the change in position would do to the sloshing ball of piss in his middle. Gingerly, he started to force himself upright. As he moved, the liquid trapped within him moved as well. His urine felt like it was rising and splashing around within him. He felt another slam of pressure against his sphincters, and broke out into a cold sweat. When that pressure moved even lower, culminating in a long, slow trickle into his boxers, Ethan stopped what he was doing, sat back down all the way, doubled over, and gripped himself hard with both hands.

He couldn’t get up in this condition! Everyone would see him clutching his crotch, like a little kid on the verge of an accident! He needed to wait for this awful spasm to pass, he just needed his body to calm down, he needed the waves of pee within him to settle. Then, he’d be able to carry all of it to the restroom without thoroughly disgracing himself along the way.

When he was able to uncurl himself and look up, he saw Haskins’s eyes were latched right on him. He was looking! Good! “Sir,” Ethan said, speaking loudly to be heard over the other conversations. “May I please—“

Haskins suddenly clapped his hands together, starling Ethan badly enough that new warmth re-wet his drying crotch. “Alright,” Haskins said.

At first, Ethan actually thought Haskins had been speaking to HIM, had been saying “Alright, you can go to the toilet now, Ethan.” But, of course that wasn’t what he was REALLY saying.

Haskins had SEEN Ethan, he’d been looking directly AT him, staring him in the face as Ethan had tried to speak up, and now he was going to continue the meeting as if Ethan hadn’t said anything at all.

Of course, Haskins had never thought anything Ethan had to say was important. But, couldn’t he make an exception THIS time? In that moment, peeing felt more important than ANYTHING else Ethan had ever tried to convince Haskins of. If Ethan could just FINISH his statement, if Haskins knew that the only thing he was asking for was permission to empty his bursting bladder, maybe he wouldn’t be so intent on ignoring him? Ethan was certain that if Haskins only KNEW that he had to pee so badly, his suffering would be allowed to end.

“I think we’ve gotten the homework thing sorted out,” Haskins went on. He paused as everybody finished quieting down. Then, Ethan saw him look over at him again before his eyes flicked back away. Haskins’s hand wrapped around his cup of water, which he lifted and brought to his lips before taking several long, implausibly loud gulps. Ethan moved his legs around, knees bouncing, as he watched Haskins’s throat move with each swallow.

Ethan couldn’t tell if Haskins was a noisy drinker, or if his desperation had made his ears way too adept at hearing water noises, but either way, having to listen to that was making Ethan’s entire lower body ache with strain. When Haskins finally finished with his water, he gave a slow sigh. “Ahhh…”

Ethan flinched at that as well, hands digging more firmly into his crotch as he wriggled his butt around in his chair. The people seated directly beside him kept looking over, making him blush. But, he just couldn’t stay still! He’d explode if he tried! His legs jiggled as adrenaline surged through him, a few more droplets still threatening to leak into his already sodden boxers.

“We’ve all been talking a lot,” Haskins continued. “I want to make sure everyone is taking good care of their throats. If you haven’t finished your water yet, please do that now.”

‘What? No!’ Ethan thought in horror. The cup wasn’t that big, but it was still way more than Ethan had the room for! But, everyone else was drinking, so that meant he had to do it too. Gulping with nervous dread, Ethan forced one hand away from his groin and used it to pick up his cup. Even just holding it in his HAND was making him need to go worse. He could feel the coolness of it, could see the fluid wobbling in the container, being jostled by his anxious, shaking hand. He took a sip, and his throat contracted when he tried to swallow it. His body did not WANT any more fluid.

He forced it down anyway. Every swallow was pain. Keeping his legs crossed, he tried to just focus on getting the cup emptied. His bladder demanded all of his attention though. It felt like a water balloon being squished between two heavy boulders. Another spasm encouraged Ethan to shift again, his fingers doing their best to pinch his bladder’s exit path-way closed. When he’d finally drained the cup, when he’d finally dumped another bunch of fluid down into a container that had no space for it, Ethan had to curl over on himself again, rocking back and forth. He dropped the cup to the table, and heard it rolling, but he didn’t care. He just thrust his now free hand against himself and pleaded with his floodgates to stay closed.

His eyes flew back open, it was still quiet, so he gave it one more try. “Please, excuse m—“

“Our next topic of discussion,” Haskins said, voice booming in the room. “Is in regards to the upcoming overnight field trip. There are a few things to get squared away. First, I’d like you to remind all of the students that anyone who doesn’t have at least a C average will not be attending…”

Haskins carried on and on, time moving way too slowly for Ethan’s liking. He bounced and bounced in his chair, not hearing a single word of Haskins’s speech. He knew part of his job was to remind the teachers to make note of any medications their students would have with them for the trip, but he was incapable of keeping a single thought in his head for longer than a second.

But, then Haskins said something that managed to pierce through the white-noise of need consuming Ethan’s ear-drums. “And, we are going to need a second set of permission slips for the white water rafting activity. We need parents to sign off, and a reminder that their children must be able to SWIM to partake in that part of the trip.”

Ohhhh… Oh Goddd… Just thinking about rafting down a river, or swimming in one, or being within five miles of one…. Ethan was about to make an enormous river right where he was! “I— I—“ The person to his left glanced over, and Ethan felt somewhat hopeful. “I have to—“

“Ahem?” Haskins cleared his throat, irritation evident. “You may speak when it’s your turn to speak, Ethan.”

“I’m sorry,” Ethan said. Rather than ashamed, he felt nothing but relief. Finally, some acknowledgement. “It’s just that I—“

“As I was saying,” Haskins interrupted. “Rafting can be very dangerous, so we need to be absolutely certain that everyone participating is capable of swimming. We don’t want any injuries. I’ve gone on this trip yearly with the school, that river gets very fast in certain areas, the water really rushes. And it’s loud, too, which causes another problem. It may be harder to hear a student over the sound of so much hissing, splashing, sloshing river-water— That can seriously overpower other noises. Last year, it was so loud in places that I could hardly hear my own thoughts over the spray…”

As Haskins continued blathering on and on and ON about the sound of the river, Ethan began to feel as if his bladder was about to rip right out of his skin like some terrifying alien creature. Beyond the pain of his astronomical need to just PEE, Ethan was also struck by an AWFUL realization.

It was not that Haskins wasn’t able to HEAR Ethan. It was not that he didn’t notice Ethan had to relieve himself.

Haskins KNEW. He knew full well that Ethan was BURSTING for a urinal. He was ignoring his pleas on purpose. He was interrupting his requests on purpose. He’d made everyone drink their water to torment Ethan, and now he was talking about the rafting trip for the same reason. He KNEW Ethan had been fighting off an accident all morning, and he WANTED to make him suffer even more.

There was a feeling in Ethan’s chest now. One he didn’t get that often. Up until then, he didn’t think he’d ever actually HATED another person before. He’d been annoyed by people in the past, he’d been frustrated by them, he’d found some dull and boring to be around. But, he had never, EVER met someone and thought ‘You know, I really HATE that guy.’

There was a first time for everything, though, and Ethan HATED Principal Haskins. He could only come up with ONE possible motivation for Haskins’s actions; This was some sort of power-flex. Revenge for all the times Ethan had tried to convince him he was wrong about something.

Did everyone else know, too? Was everyone else looking at him, fully aware that he was facing such a private crisis, and actively CHOOSING to keep him away from the solution to his agony? Because, if someone else DID notice that he was filled to the brim with urine, then THEY could have spoken up as well. THEY could have said, “Principal Haskins, you keep not hearing Ethan. I think he has something important he wants to ask!” But, no one had.

So, either they couldn’t tell, or they COULD but were choosing not to help him.

Ethan was really panicking now. It was no longer a matter of simply getting Haskins’s attention and asking. He already HAD that, Haskins just had no intention of letting him go. This meant that Ethan would NOT be able to use a toilet until the lunch break came.

Would he even make it that long?

He was suddenly transported back to his very first day of school. He’d had so much juice, and gotten so distracted by all of the new games and new people that by the time he realized he had to use the bathroom, it was already an emergency.

Well, technically, it was Miles who realized Ethan had to use the bathroom. Ethan had just been wriggling in his seat while coloring something and not paying any real attention to how uncomfortable his middle was feeling. Miles suddenly asked him if he needed to go pee, and upon hearing that word, Ethan suddenly stopped what he was doing to nod frantically at his friend.

Earlier in the day, he’d learned that when he needed the toilet at school, he had to raise his hand and wait until his teacher called on him. Then, he had to say “May I please go to the restroom?” Then he could go after she told him yes. So, squirming urgently, he’d raised up his hand.

And he kept raising it for several minutes. His teacher was busy with other kids… He tried waving his hand around some to get her attention. She was always facing the other way! He whimpered quietly, and stood from his seat so he could dance around a little, hand still high in the air.

“Say something,” Miles whispered. “Get her attention.”

But… Ethan had also learned he wasn’t supposed to talk loudly at school. Not unless he’d been TOLD to. He didn’t want to get in trouble for being noisy. He shook his head. His eyes were starting to water.

Miles shrugged, then gave it a try himself. “Ms!” He called out. “Ethan really has to—“

Before he could finish the sentence, he heard a lot of splashing and sniffling from Ethan. It was too late…

That had all been so embarrassing! His teacher had needed to call his Mom to bring him a change of clothes. Then he’d heard her telling his Mom that being potty-trained was a ‘requirement’ for Kindergarten, and that had really upset him. He WAS potty-trained, he’d just ALSO been trying to follow the rules! The next day, everyone but Miles teased him, and he was just lucky that little kids didn’t remember things like that for very long since they’d all forgotten it by the end of the week.

If he had an accident like that now, he wouldn’t be spared so easily. Most of the people around this table already didn’t see him as an equal. What the Hell would happen if, every time they looked at him, they’d remember the day he completely drenched himself during a meeting? An adult would never just forget about witnessing another adult pee their pants. If Haskins didn’t use Ethan soaking his seat as a reason to fire him, then Ethan would probably just have to quit. There would be no coming back after this.

He could NOT allow that to happen. He HAD to hold it. He HAD to make it until lunch, and then… Then God HELP anyone who stood between him and the closest available toilet. His memory did give him one more idea, though. Blushing red at how juvenile it felt, he raised his hand and waved it around urgently. Maybe THAT would get just enough attention that Haskins would HAVE to acknowledge him.

Haskins just kept talking though, and carrying on. He responded to comments from some of the teachers, and even LOOKED at Ethan once, but he never once asked. “Yes, Ethan? Did you have something to say?”

When he finally finished talking about the field trip, Haskins at last glanced at Ethan again. “Is your arm sore, Ethan?”

“No,” Ethan said, VERY grateful to be granted an opportunity to speak. “I just need—“

“Then, stop stretching,” Haskins said. “It’s distracting.”

“I apologize,” Ethan said. “May I please—“

“Moving on!” Haskins declared, and then continued speaking rapid-fire, preventing Ethan from getting even one word in. “The next thing we have to discuss; It’s time we make some changes to the restroom policy here.”

Fuck. Why?! God dammit! Why?! Was Ethan seriously supposed to just SIT here and listen to everyone talk about—

“I’ve noticed that a LOT of students will get bathroom passes when they don’t actually intend on using the restroom,” Haskins said. “They get the pass, and then skip the remainder of the period to wander around the halls and hang out with friends. This is, of course, unacceptable. So an update to the policy is necessary.”

‘Yes, fine,’ Ethan thought. ‘Update the policy. Change it to “Ethan gets to go to the bathroom RIGHT NOW,” that sounds like a great policy!’

“As I understand it, most of you have it set up that if a student asks to be excused, you will automatically write them a pass and let them leave,” Haskins said. “That needs to change. Since the students won’t stop using the bathroom as an excuse to ditch class, from now on, each of you will hand out three passes to every student at the start of the semester. Once those are gone, they’re gone. If they get lost, they’re gone. And if they don’t have a pass, too bad, they aren’t going. I’m tired of having to bring kids to my office for cutting class.”

‘That’s a horrible idea, you blowhard,’ Ethan thought. ‘You’re punishing everyone because SOME kids are ditching. Why not just make a list of the problem students and do this stupid pass thing just with THEM for a while? They’ll learn real fast.’ Apart from the few truant students, the OTHER kids actually DID have to go. And only being allowed to get relief three times per semester was going to make them miserable.

And Haskins had just been talking about low test scores. ‘Well, guess what, moron? The kids are gonna do a lot WORSE on those tests if all they can think about during class is how bad they need to pee!’ Case in point; Ethan honestly hadn’t heard that much of the field trip discussion, or the homework discussion that had preceded it. The only reason he was able to pay any attention to THIS one was because hearing words like ‘bathroom’ and ‘toilet’ were a vicious siren song to his bladder!

Beyond all of THAT, what if a student was out of passes and then just… Couldn’t wait? Did Haskins have any IDEA how devastating an accident would be to a child old enough to attend middle school? Especially if it happened during class where everyone they knew saw? That kind of thing, as small as Haskins may convince himself it was, could cause a LOT of lasting damage.

It was an absolutely God-awful idea!

At least, this time, Ethan didn’t seem to be alone in his thoughts.

One of the teachers, Ms. Yolanda, spoke up. “That seems a little extreme,” she said. “When these kids grow up and get jobs, they’ll be able to use the restroom when they need to. School is about preparing them for the real world.”

Ethan nodded, even though part of her statement wasn’t completely accurate. As evidenced by his current problem, when the kids grew up and got jobs, they WOULDN’T be able to use the restroom when they needed to. Or, at least, they wouldn’t if their boss was Haskins.

“In the real world,” Haskins said. “If they ditched their job, they’d have even BIGGER consequences than needing to plan their bathroom breaks more wisely.” His eyes flitted in Ethan’s direction. It was very slight, but Ethan was able to notice it. He was certain Haskins had been looking at him when he continued by saying; “And, they shouldn’t be using the bathroom THAT much at work, either. When you’re at work, you’re supposed to be AT work.”

Ethan fanned his legs in and out, the area between his thighs felt very clammy. He wasn’t sure if he’d sprung another leak, or if that was just from all the sweat running off of him in buckets, perspiration created by the strain of holding back so, so much… He stared daggers at Haskins as the man espoused the benefits of the policy change. No more skipping out on class, no more wandering around unsupervised. If an incident of vandalism occurred in a restroom, it would be easier to find the culprit if they knew who had gone out at what time…

He kept going, talking about how the kids attending this school were certainly old enough to be able to hold their bladders longer than they acted like they could. He even went so far as to say that no one should ever have ‘an emergency’ once they’re passed the age of seven. Ethan got stuck on that statement for a while. He had a suspicion Haskins had crafted it specifically to make him feel more ashamed of himself. But, instead it threw him for a bit of a loop where he wondered if Haskins seriously hadn’t ever gotten desperate since he was a little kid. He doubted that was even possible, unless Haskins had the bladder of a camel.

Haskins snapped Ethan out of his thoughts by saying his name. “Ethan!”

Ethan froze, finally ceasing to wriggle for the first time in hours. His first thought was of complete panic, and he stared down at himself to make sure that he wasn’t currently in the process of urinating all over himself. His piss was still locked up inside. Good.

Well. Maybe not ‘good’. But at least, ‘better than having a public accident’, anyway.

“Y—Yes—“ Ethan said.

“Could you stop rubbing your shoes against the carpet?” Haskins requested. “The noise is distracting.”

‘Oh, so you can hear THAT,’ Ethan thought. ‘But when I’m trying to beg you for the toilet, suddenly I don’t exist… Right.’ He held his feet as still as he could, but the desire from within his body to keep moving was so strong it was nearly overwhelming. “I apologize, it’s just that I need to go to the restr—“

This time, when Ethan was interrupted, it was by the nerve-grating sound of rushing water, tinkling into a plastic cup. It was such a tease on his bladder that he sucked in a sharp breath and held it there, feeling heat right at the tip of his penis. A drop formed, soaked into his boxers, and was replaced by another. And another. He couldn’t exhale. If he let go of the air, he’d let go of all his piss. He was sure of it. The room was starting to spin. When he finally was able to breathe again, he opened his mouth. “I need a brea—“

“Ms. Wilson,” Haskins said. “What are your thoughts on the new policy.”

Ms. Wilson, one of the very few teachers that actually treated Ethan nicely, looked from Haskins to Ethan, then back again. “I think Mr. Willow was trying to tell you something,” she said.

‘Yesssss,’ Ethan thought. ‘Thank you, Ms. Wilson! Thankyouthankyouthanky—‘

“I’ll get to him in a minute,” Haskins said. “I was asking you.”

‘BASTARD.’

“Well, as Ms. Yolanda said, it is a little extreme,” Ms. Wilson said. “I’m not so sure if we should punish all of the children because a handful of them have misbehaved.”

“Ah, but it’s not a punishment,” Haskins said. “It’s a lesson. It will teach them to manage their time better, and go during their passing period, between classes.”

Ethan didn’t think that would work. The students complained to him often that they didn’t have enough time to walk from one class to the next, as the schedule allotted them only a scant three minutes. If they needed something from their locker, or needed to use the toilet, it was just impossible to make it in time. He remembered when he’d gone to school, how there was always a line for the bathroom between classes and sometimes he didn’t get a turn before the bell rang. That had led to many, deeply uncomfortable afternoons if he wasn’t able to get a hall pass. If he’d been limited to only three of those a semester, there were a few incidents he remembered that would have ended in accidents instead of amazingly relieving pees.

Ooooh, no. He didn’t want to remember that! He didn’t want to remember shoving open a classroom door at his old school. He didn’t want to remember speed-walking down the hall to the closest restroom. He didn’t want to remember getting to a urinal and unzipping his pants. He didn’t want to remember finally peeing!

But, oh how he did! As each new memory entered his mind, another squirt of pee entered his boxers. Haskins was still talking to Ms. Wilson, and Ethan needed him to stop. “Excuse me—“

And then Haskins must have said something else, because suddenly EVERYONE was talking over one another again. Ethan raised his voice “Excuse me!”

Just talking was adding to the weight atop his bladder, forcing out another spurt.

“Excuse me!”

Trickle….

“Ah—“ He gripped himself and rocked hard into his hands, stomping his feet against the floor. The flow ceased, but the front of his pants felt so clammy. “Excuse me—“

Everyone just kept talking! Only Ms. Wilson seemed to notice that he was desperate to be listened to!

Haskins clapped his hands together again, startling Ethan into YET another leak, this time in full force. He could hear it hissing as he regained control of himself. His lower muscles were all exhausted. He ground against his seat in a desperate bid to hang on.

Everyone fell quiet just as Ethan finally managed to cork himself closed again.

The Math teacher, Mr. Thompson, was the first to speak again. “Er, this discussion is kind of… Getting to me. Is it alright if I take a bathroom break?”

Haskins nodded. “Don’t take too long,” he said.

It was official. Ethan hated that man, and he was not ashamed to admit that to himself. Haskins had EARNED his hatred, and he’d worked VERY hard to do so. May as well give the man what he wanted.

Mr. Thompson stood from his chair, and Ethan couldn’t help but notice how EASILY he managed that. He also could see how Mr. Thompson was having NO trouble walking, either. His body was fully upright, not at all hunched over. He didn’t need to stop at any point. His legs weren’t shaking.

He BARELY had to go! Why was HE the one that was allowed to pee? Ethan needed it WAY worse! It wasn’t fair!

“Now then,” Haskins said. “I see this suggestion is a little more controver—“

Ethan turned. “Sir, I—“

“Ethan,” Haskins cut in, and Ethan was again stunned by the acknowledgement. “Could you please stop trying to interrupt us? We are having a discussion here, remember?”

“But, I—“

“At the moment, our topic is classroom management. YOU do not run a classroom,” Haskins said. “YOUR input is not necessary.”

“But—“

“Ethan. Just be quiet,” Haskins told him. He sighed. “Where were we?”

Ethan thought that he actually COULD offer some input here. He could tell Haskins that, being made to hold one’s bladder was incredibly uncomfortable. And that being ignored and denied when requesting to empty it caused feelings of frustration and shame. And then he could explain how public humiliation could have life-long impacts on how a person interacted with others. He could do all of that and use HIMSELF as a prime example, ‘See, if you put in a policy that could lead to students wetting themselves, that will destroy their self-esteem and confidence for years. So, when someone really needs to go, you should let them! So, please let me go now!’

But, he stayed quiet. Haskins wasn’t going to let him talk, and even IF Ethan managed to get his whole question out, even IF Haskins was forced to reply, Ethan knew what the answer would be. Haskins would tell him that he COULDN’T use the restroom, and that he needed to hold it.

So, Ethan would just keep trying to do that. He’d spilled a LOT into his clothes already, and he tried to fool himself into thinking that was a good thing. Most of it was still just on his boxers and hadn’t seeped out over the crotch of his pants yet. His boxers would dry off eventually and, in the meantime, Ethan had gotten SOME of the pee out of his bladder. That meant it should be easier to hold what was left!

Except, it didn’t feel easier. His muscles were exhausted and worn to bits. Every new drip burned as it came out. He was just so tired of fighting against the deluge, all of his clenching and contorting didn’t seem to be doing ANYTHING anymore!

Dazed, he could no longer hear the conversation taking place all around him. When Mr. Thompson came back, Ethan had to fight not to shoot him a jealous glare. He squeezed and clutched and wriggled and bobbed, but the pain just wasn’t getting any better!

Finally… Finally… Haskins announced that it was half past noon, which meant it was time for lunch. “Everyone, be back here by one.”

It had been sixteen and a half hours since Ethan had last voided his bladder. God… Had he EVER held it THIS long before? No wonder it hurt so badly.

But, it was over now. He had a half hour break now. A half hour that he could spend standing in front of a urinal, pants open, piss gushing freely. He was so full that he thought maybe he actually WOULD be going for thirty minutes straight. He just… Had to stand up, had to get up and find a toilet. Fuck, if he wasn’t absolutely certain that it would get him fired, he’d just let it all flow into the plant on the other side of the library.

He braced himself again, battening down his sphincters as he prepared to stand. He shut his eyes tight, clutching his cock for dear life. He wasn’t going to let go of himself. He didn’t care if everyone saw where his hands were. If he let go, if he removed the one dam separating his piss from the outside world, he would be drenched within a second.

Finally, he decided to just do it as fast as possible. He shot to his feet, pangs of need twisted and curled inside of him and the entire world seemed to turn on its side. Ethan actually worried for a second that he’d fallen over, his vision was so distorted and blurred. He WAS upright, though. Step one of his quest for relief was complete. He gritted his teeth and shut his eyes against the dizziness.

Now, he had to walk. He managed one tiny, little step. He’d barely moved his foot, just shuffled it along, but that was still enough to shake the walls of his bladder. He felt like he was being ripped open. ‘Come on, Ethan,’ he thought. ‘You can do this. You’re so close. One step at a time… L—Left foot, right foot… Left foot… Right foot… Oh my God, it hurts…’

“Ethan.” Haskins’s voice.

Ethan opened his eyes again. Everyone, save for himself and Hendrik, had managed to vacate the room in the time it had taken Ethan to walk about six agonizing steps. “Y—Yes, sir?” He gritted out. He sounded like he was trying to speak while being strangled half to death.

“We need to talk about all those interruptions,” Haskins said. “Everyone here was trying to have a serious discussion, and you kept trying to cut in. What was that about?”

‘You want me to spell it out for you?!’ Ethan thought, furious. ‘You know damn well what’s going on!’ He shook and trembled. “I wasn’t trying to interrupt ex—exactly, I just—“

“Don’t try to walk away when I’m talking to you.”

Ethan hadn’t even noticed that he was still walking. His body was running on auto-pilot now, every part of it focused on one singular goal. His progress halted, he was left standing beside Haskins, hopping from foot to foot with his hands pinned between his shuddering thighs. “I— I’m very s—sorry if I distracted an—anybody,” he said. “I w—was just trying to—“

“Stand up straight when you’re being addressed,” Haskins said.

No. Fucking. Way.

Impossible.

He’d piss everywhere.

“Th—That’s the thing!” Ethan exclaimed. “I can’t stand up straight! I have to—“

“Ethan,” Haskins said in a warning tone.

Ethan TRIED. He managed to raise himself out of his hunched position, but the way his skin stretched over his bladder was ABYSMAL. He didn’t dare lift his shirt to check, but he knew he must have been horridly swollen, his bladder physically COULDN’T fit in his body for much longer. He was exploding, completely exploding. He only maintained his posture for a second before he was doubling back over again.

“What is the MATTER with—“

“I have to go to the restroom!” Ethan cried. “Ohhh… I need to now!” He knew he sounded pathetic. He knew he sounded unprofessional. He knew Haskins was going to respect him even LESS after this. And he didn’t care! None of that mattered anymore! Only pissing mattered! “Please, please! Please, let me go! Please!” He was babbling, barely aware of what he was saying anymore, barely aware of if Haskins had responded. “Please! I can’t— Please!”

“ETHAN,” Haskins snapped, voice raised louder than it had been all day.

Startled, Ethan’s bladder spilled once more, finally enough that a dark spot formed over his crotch and began to trickle down one of his pant-legs. Tears formed in the corners of his eyes.

“How old ARE you?” Haskins asked. “You are an adult— With a JOB. You know what adults with JOBS do when they need to use the toilet? They say ‘Hang on everyone, I need a bathroom break’, and they just GO. I know you saw one of your coworkers do EXACTLY that earlier, but no. You decided, instead, to do whatever you call THIS.”

Ethan was suddenly VERY glad that his bladder was too full for him to budge his hands out from between his legs. He was suddenly VERY glad that he was too desperate to draw his knees away from each other. He didn’t even want to know what he’d do to Haskins if only he was able to move all of his body parts around freely.

He had never, EVER felt the things he was feeling now before. It wasn’t like Ethan couldn’t GET angry— Just last night, he’d gotten EXTREMELY frustrated with his printer for refusing to print a black-and-white document because it was out of magenta. He’d grumbled curse words at it and slapped it a few times. He’d GOTTEN mad. But, this? THIS was a level beyond ‘mad’, this was a fury that caused a real, burning pain to bubble up in his chest, and he had NEVER felt that way before in his life.

If he hadn’t been basically immobilized by a roaring need to piss, he thought that fury may lead him somewhere terrible. As it was, all he could do was grit out between angry, gnashing teeth; “I tried. For hours. To tell you that I had to go.”

Haskins shrugged. “I never heard anything like that. The whole time, you were just sitting there, only trying to interrupt when we were in the middle of things that don’t concern you.”

“I even raised my hand, like a school boy.”

“Didn’t see that.”

“You asked me why my hand was up.”

“I don’t remember doing that,” Haskins said. “Are you sure?”

‘You know, it’s kind of stupid to try to gaslight someone with a psych degree…’ Ethan thought, folding over even further on himself. He couldn’t even tell if he was leaking anymore. He wasn’t sure if the wetness he felt in his clutched palms was NEW urine, OLD urine, or just sweat. Probably a combination of all three. ‘I can see exactly what you are doing.’

“Look, Ethan. All of this today has been deeply unprofessional. The rudeness with the interruptions, not excusing yourself to the restroom, this whole… Dance you’re doing now. If it wasn’t for the regulation that I HAVE to keep you here, I’d be sending you out the door right now. Do you have ANYTHING to say for yourself?”

“I’m sorry,” Ethan recited, the words he THOUGHT would get him to a bathroom the fastest. Continuing to argue would just keep him here longer, and Haskins wasn’t going to budge, he was going to continue living in his alternate reality where Ethan was an incompetent idiot who’d held his piss for no reason and totally HADN’T been begging for a break all fucking morning.

Ethan didn’t care if Haskins fired him. In fact, if he did, maybe he’d go get a lawyer. Ms. Wilson had been a witness to everything, and he had a feeling that she’d back him up, she and Ethan would tell everyone that Haskins had fired a guy for needing to go to the bathroom, and Ethan would probably own the entire school afterwards.

“Don’t let it happen again,” Haskins said. “And be BACK here at one. Don’t make me wait.”

Ethan nodded, resuming his panicked, shuffling walk out of the library. It seemed that his rage against Haskins was giving him a nice shot of adrenaline, which was making him SOMEWHAT more capable of reaching the restroom. He hobbled into the hallway, and the instant he spotted the sign for a men’s room, his bladder seemed to think ‘Okay, good enough’, because piss immediately began to pulse into his boxers.

Horrified that he was losing it when he was so close to relief, Ethan broke into a sprint that made his sides scream in pain. He shoved open the door to the restroom, yanking his zipper down already. As the door swung closed behind him, he took his damp member into his trembling hands. A long gush of pee erupted from its tip, splattering the blue tiled floor.

 For a terrible second, he was unable to actually LOCATE the urinals. He’d never used this restroom before, always going to the one closest to his own office. The layout here was different, and Ethan was so far gone that it took him a moment to see where everything actually was, a choppy stream still occasionally ejecting onto the ground.

He finally DID spot the row of urinals and, the next thing he knew, he was in front of one. His piss kept spurting out in half-second long bursts, his body struggling to catch up with his surroundings, struggling to register that YES, he was FINALLY at a toilet and it was okay to go!

And then, he was letting out an absolute waterfall of a stream, blasting out of him with the force of at least ten fire-hoses. His knees wobbled and bowed inwards, and he had to use one hand to prop himself up against the wall. His spray was so intense that it seemed to echo. For the first several seconds, his bladder still throbbed as if it were fighting to hold back, even though he was already peeing harder than he ever had before.

But then, something inside of him seemed to shatter and unwind at lightning speed, and he suddenly felt better than he’d thought humanly possible. He didn’t feel relieved, he felt something that went far, FAR beyond that. He… Honestly, he felt like he was having an orgasm. The longest, most intense orgasm anyone had ever had. The moan that fell from his lips was identical the one he’d let out the previous night, when he’d allowed his hands to rove all over himself. “Ohhhhhhhhh….” That sound echoed too, and he was glad he was alone in the room.

How… How could it feel THIS good…? He’d been pissing for at least half a minute now, and his stream showed no signs of nearing its end. He didn’t WANT it to end, he wanted to feel this way forever. He wanted every second to be filled with this mind-numbing, euphoric pleasure. His chest was heaving with heavy sighs, his skin tingling all over, hairs standing on end, and he just could not stop peeing.

He passed the one minute mark, the furious rush continuing to melt his brain with ecstasy. A minute and a half, and his limbs felt like they were made of gelatin. Two minutes, and at last his release started to slow down, dwindling to a trickle and slowly coming to a stop after a few more seconds. “Ohhh… Oh my Goddd…” Ethan breathed out, trembling where he stood. He was scared to move, afraid that MORE was still backed up inside his bladder. He looked down and saw a few stray drops were still plinking from the tip of his…

His…

Why in God’s name—

Ethan was hard. Like, rock-solid. And he had no fucking idea why. He hadn’t been thinking about anything sexual, the last two and a half minutes he basically hadn’t been thinking of ANYTHING aside from ‘Ahhhhhh…. Yessss… It feels soooo gooood to peeeeee…’ But, now he was stiff, and had a real urge to start stroking himself for some reason.

He supposed that, given how raw and sensitive his desperation had made him, and the fact that a lot of the pleasurable feelings associated with finally urinating HAD taken place in his cock, he’d just had some sort of… involuntary physiological response to all the rapidly changing stimuli. Yes. That was all. He hadn’t actually just gotten turned on by taking a badly needed pee. It had just made him feel a little too good for a second. Nothing more than that.

He didn’t dare leave the restroom this way, though. And he was not going to… ‘tend’ to his problem HERE, no way in Hell. Instead, he locked himself into a stall and sat there, waiting for the issue to go away on its own. It took a LOT longer than he’d expected for his member to go soft again, but once it had, he left the stall.

Now that he was no longer erect, he inspected his pants a little more. There was a tell-tale dark patch over his crotch, running down along the seam of his pant-leg. It was clear that he’d had a bit of an accident, and he dabbed at the damp spots with paper towels until they were at least a little less obvious.

Then, feeling twenty pounds lighter, he headed back towards the library.

Haskins pretty much ignored Ethan the rest of the day, not even looking at him. Ethan figured the man must have thought he’d tortured him enough for one day and was going to leave him alone now.

The next day, Ethan’s middle felt so sore that he was forced to bring a heating pad and a bottle of pain killers with him to school. If any of the students asked him about it, he said that he’d just worn something out the previous day. He was amazed that it wasn’t hurting him to urinate, he’d been scared that the incident would have given him an infection.

The awful restroom pass policy did end up going into affect, and Ethan was the one left to pick up the pieces after one unfortunate boy had an accident when he ran out of passes. The student was really shaken up, humiliated, and no longer wanted to attend class with everyone that had seen him lose control. “I’m t—too old to… Pee myself…” he said. “Ev—Everyone’s gonna make fun of me.”

Ethan talked to him a lot about self-confidence, about pretending like HE wasn’t ashamed of the accident until others stopped trying to MAKE him feel that way. Since the cause of this problem was the bad school policy, Ethan WISHED he could do something about that, but his hands were tied. He admitted to the boy that he hated the policy, though, and it seemed to make him feel better to know that an adult was on his side.

“But… You know, accidents do happen,” Ethan said. “Sometimes. Even when you’re older.”

“They shouldn’t.”

“Things don’t always work out the way we want,” Ethan told him. “You did everything you could to make it to the toilet in time. You tried to go during your passing period when the line was too long, you kept asking permission to leave the room without a pass… Those were things outside your control.” What he really WANTED to do was tell the kid that he should just get up and LEAVE the classroom when he was having a real emergency. Unfortunately, he wasn’t allowed to encourage the kids to break the rules, even the ones he thought were idiotic. “Y—You know something? I’m an adult, and last month, I sort of had an accident, too.”

“Seriously?”

“Yep. Like you, I wasn’t allowed to leave a room and I just really needed to go. Bodies have limits. It’s embarrassing, but it happens sometimes. I’m sure the people who are REALLY your friends won’t make fun of you— That’s one way you can look at this, you’re going to see who your TRUE friends are.” He always tried to find a bright spot in all of the students’ situations, but he couldn’t lie to them, either. He knew this boy was going to be teased now, kids being what they were. This was still going to give him an opportunity to see who he could really count on, and that was something some people didn’t learn until they were much older.

“I— I hope my friends are all nice about it,” the boy said.

“I hope so too,” Ethan said. “If anyone gives you too much trouble, come back to see me. I don’t tolerate bullying.”

“O—Okay,” the boy said.

The next time Ethan saw him, he was doing better. He told Ethan that his best friends had both told him that it was okay, and hadn’t teased him over wetting his pants. Ethan was happy for him, and praised him for finding such good friends.

***

“Wow, you told that kid that you peed your pants some just so he’d feel better?” James asked. “That’s so nice!”

“Yeah,” Ethan said. “He was really hung up on being ‘too old’ to have an accident, and that was the only thing I could think of to tell him.”

James cuddled him closer. “Eheh, and I guess NOW you know why your thing got hard, right?”

“Yeah,” Ethan blushed. “I get it now.”

James smiled. “Sorry that your boss was such a jerk. I like to make you get all cute and squirmy, but I wouldn’t make you keep waiting if it was making you cry!”

“Yeah, he was a real piece of work,” Ethan said. “I’m glad he’s not in charge of that school anymore…” He wriggled against James, whose arms were pinning him place.

“Oh, am I squeezing too hard?”

“K—Kind of… Uh, telling that story made me seriously have to go,” Ethan admitted. “Could you let me up?”

