A Friend In Need

Author: soo-pis-sed

*000*2019-12-29 19:45

I like her as a roommate more and more, I thought, pretending to be still asleep and secretly watching my friend. She was sitting at her desktop, one leg under her crotch, the other one tapping on the floor impatiently. This crazy girl woke up at dawn to get some work done and haven't even peed yet.

We made friends at the university, and after graduation decided to rent a flat together. I loved the company of this smart, most creative gal. A bit shorter than I, with her wily eyes, she looked like a small fox. But don't be mislead, I'm very straight; and it wasn't because of sexual attraction that I couldn't look away, enchanted by her condition. Don't judge me (or do, it's your choice), but I enjoy watching people bursting for a pee. Especially when they can choose to use a bathroom any moment, and only suffer because of being too lazy, too careless, or too absorbed - like in this case.

It was obvious that my friend just couldn't hold any longer, but instead of dragging her ass to the bathroom and putting it on the toilet she kept typing passionately. Biting her lip and bending lower and lower, almost lying on her keyboard, she pressed her heel against the middle part of her panties, but apparently it couldn't help at that point. "Oh c'mon... Why now?" she exhaled and unwillingly slipped off her chair. "Morning!" I said, pretending to just have waken, "Were you working? How much have you done?"

"Please not now, I'm dying for a wee!" she yelled, finally rushing for a relief.

It wasn't the first case when I witnessed her holding. I couldn't but wonder if she liked having a full bladder; however, I presumed that she would be more discreet about it if she did. When I hold my pee, under no circumstances will I show any sign of desperation. By the way, yes, I enjoy holding my own pee as well. And the exciting sight of this morning put me right in my holding mood. Instead of going now, I thought, I'll spend a few hours in some mall, buying coffee and soda at fast food places; then use a WC there or hold until home - I'll decide later.

"Hey, I'm going to the mall," I told my friend, "will you keep me company?"

"Nah, I'll be working all day."

"Fine, see you in a couple of hours." Well, holding all alone will be a bit less spicy, but no problem. I put on my favorite harem pants and reached for the 300 ml bottle I keep at my bedside to stay hydrated at night. I could drink that on my way to the mall to make use of that time.

It wasn't too bad when I left home; mostly the idea that I hadn't taken a leak for almost 12 hours was causing a slight tingling in my belly. I was trying to remember what I had drunk and when exactly I had gone yesterday, wondering how much liquid could be inside my bladder now. "Actually, who cares? It's time to fill it!"

First, I went for a 400 ml coffee... Well, I like cappuccino, so I got one more right off. Next on my list was to do some window shopping and let that coffee find its way to its destination. I was wandering through the boutiques aimlessly, sometimes giving an eye to one or another dress. Meanwhile, my bladder started filling faster than I expected. In no time "I might want to find a bathroom at some point in the observable future" became "I really need to go the sooner the better". It was ridiculous: even considering that tiny bottle on the way here, it only was 1100 ml of liquid. It's nothing! I was probably tricked by the thought that I hadn't peed since yesterday; that's why it seemed so much worse than it should've been. Also, coffee is a kind of a diuretic. Anyway, I thought, my bladder can't be really struggling so hard to send out such calls of distress. I won't let it fool me!

So, I went to another place and took a 800 ml beverage. Almost 2 L is enough to get me actually bursting... I was a little tired of drinking fast, so I took my time sipping on it and feeling it go through me. My bladder was screaming at me, demanding a relief, but it had to keep doing its job for a while.

When I was done with that soda, I had to accept the fact that it was time to stop drinking until I let out what was inside me - otherwise there would be no room there anymore. Monstrously desperate by that moment, I thought of using a WC in the mall, but the line seemed so long that there was no point in preferring it to a short walk home. It was in 20 minutes at most.

A minute into my walk, I realized that it should be 20 minutes in my regular fast pace. At the moment, though, I had to take it slow, otherwise I'd be in an unbearable pain. I had no idea how long it could take to get home faltering like that; I was in the greatest hurry ever, willing to break into a run; but I just couldn't. I was panting and sweating, but it felt like I was shifting my feet at the same spot, not getting any closer to my place. But there were no options except going on.

Suddenly I felt a hot wave hitting my peehole from the inside. Then once more. They were invading one after another, with every beat of my racing heart. Oh no. Oh no, oh no, OH NO. Am I having an accident right now? For the first time since so early in my childhood I can't even remember it?! Clearly I was; my urethra was rapidly filling with boiling liquid. Some people can leak a bit and then stop, but not me. When the dam breaches, I just burst.

I had a few seconds to come up with an idea better than flooding a crowded street. Wildly looking around, like a beast caught in a cage, I only saw a turn to some backstreet. I rushed there and fortunately found a large trash bin. Judging by the smell, many people were leaving this place with empty bladders. But I couldn't just squat behind it and start publicly urinating in broad daylight... The bottle! I still had that 300 ml bottle in my purse! Luckily, there was plenty of room in my wide pants to accommodate it there unnoticed. I could hope to pass for someone who had to fix something on their clothing. Aiming would be a challenge, but I'd better have a few drops landed on my pants than it all.

It didn't go as smoothly as I hoped. I had the hardest time stopping my stream, and overfilled the bottle just a bit. But it was worth it; I felt much better. My condition was still very, very urgent, but at least now I could go faster and make it to home in 15 minutes.

Last steps to my door, I was praying to find my friend still too busy to glance at me when I enter. I could only guess how poor I looked after that pathetic episode behind the bin and miserable jogging home that followed it. I put on my coolest smile and did my best to stand straight as if I still had some dignity. But, oh, thanks so much, she didn't look up. I sneaked to the bathroom and turned on the shower, so that she couldn't hear me peeing for an eternity. Then I actually took a shower and went out, fresh and glowing.

"How was your trip?" my friend asked, "Did you find anything?"

"Nah," I said, "there was nothing that fit me."

"I doubt that, you always go too hard on yourself. If I was there to compliment you, you would've bought a lot. By the way, are you using that lip balm I advised you to buy?"

"I see where it's going," I chuckled, "yes I am. But you can take it if you want, it's in my purse."

The moment she opened my purse, it hit me. THE BOTTLE! It was still there... I was so out of my mind I just shoved it back unconsciously, instead of throwing it into the same trash bin!

I watched her face turning from surprised to shocked.

"What on earth is that?" she asked, presenting me with the bottle.

"I don't know," I lied blatantly.

"Well, I can tell you. It's literally a bottle of piss."

"Fine, it's a bottle of my piss, okay? I couldn't find a bathroom."

"Man... You were in the goddamn shopping mall. Are you sure there was no bathroom there? Instead, there was a place, specially designed for peeing in bottles?"

"..."

"That's not what happened. I know what did. You were deliberately holding your pee."

"Are you kidding? How have you come to this bizarre idea, Sherlock?"

"Isn't it obvious? You didn't use a WC when you could, holding until the last moment. But eventually, on your way home, you had to go to that bottle."

"..."

"So you like to hold your pee deliberately? Why haven't you told me? We know each other for ages!"

"Now tell me you don't like the same," I went all-in.

She blushed. "I might... a little."

"Why haven't you told me?"

Chuckle. "We should have told each other. Long ago."

A wide smile emerged on her face, welcoming me to the world of the most fantastical holding contests.

*002*2019-12-30 09:03

{{3 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a great story

}}

Thank you! Folks here don't seem really interested, but OK

*004*2019-12-31 09:15

{{8 hours ago, rebeljaffa said:

No, it's awesome! There might be less users on over the holiday. I only just looked in myself after about a week

}}

Thank you!

*007*2020-01-01 10:06

{{13 hours ago, Apertado said:

I second that! Nice work!

I always love stories that depict the character skipping their morning pee, it seems like a great way to start a hold. Also, I found amusing the line of thinking of the protagonist when she decided to ignore the initial urgency signals her overreacting bladder was sending.

}}

Thank you!

{{3 hours ago, Tonsor said:

So hot!! I hope there will be a follow-up. And I really hope this is based on real events

}}

Haha, unfortunately no, it's just easier for a beginner to write from the first person

As for the follow-up - I wrote something else about these characters, but it's more of a sketch than a story. In other words, it lacks plot dramatically.

*009*2020-01-01 19:05

{{1 hour ago, Tonsor said:

Fair enough. Maybe in the future

}}

Or maybe I'll just post it anyway...

*012*2020-01-04 08:38

{{8 hours ago, New_Macca said:

Wow this is a fantastic story I really like this story what a brilliant concept them both holding and just managing to avoid an accident. I’d love to know how their holding contests go now they both know each other’s secret

}}

I think of maybe posting that little piece I wrote here in comments, since it's not really a different story...

*013*2020-02-04 08:42

So I've decided to post this little follow-up vignette here in comments, mostly because I'm constantly stumbling upon it when I scroll through the notes on my phone, so I'll better keep it here

___

...Well, the end was near. We were through the whole day of pushing our limits. We both had big bladders, tight muscles, and infinite willpower, so by almost midnight it still remained unclear which one of us would outhold another.

We imposed all kinds of torture on each other. She was at home, so I made her do a lot of desperate yoga. She ordered me to masturbate at work, which almost lead to losing the contest at once. Several times we told each other to pee for a few seconds, following it by drinking even more. She had to go outside and walk until leaking somewhere in 10 minutes from home. About to attend a long training after work, I begged her to allow me let out a little before it; but I was only granted a permission to go if someone goes first.

Never in my life was I that close to a public accident. When some person finally headed to the bathroom, I walked behind them at the tiniest pace, keeping my thighs squeezed and bending over. But don't think I didn't go just as hard on her! She was denied every preventing technique one by one. When I was leaving work, I had her lay on her stomach with a big towel roll under her bladder, spread her legs, muscles relaxed, and keep drinking now and then until I'm home. Namely, 40 minutes: 10 minutes of walk, and 30 more, of subway ride.

After those 10 minutes, though, I realized that I don't have another 30. I needed to release it all, right then and there. It was the whole day of perfect self-control, and I believed I'd shown great results, but just couldn't go on.

There was the subway entry behind - and a public bathroom in front of me. I knew I couldn't make it to home dry unless I use it. But this, most probably, meant losing, and I couldn't make up my mind.

"I have to be honest with you," I finally messaged her, "there's no way for me to last more than five minutes. I just can't take the subway like this. If you can do more - I'll declare your victory and go right now."

"LOL, seems like someone's about to give up! No worries, you already won. I went long ago."

"I'll kill you!!! Why didn't you tell me at once?! I'm dying!"

"I only wished you good, you should thank me for letting you have some extra fun!"

Swearing under my breath, I rushed to the WC. Five minutes were a huge overestimation, I was about to explode before the door. With trembling fingers, I rummaged my purse for a coin and haphazardly pushed it into the slot. The door unlocked... and I was presented with the dirtiest toilet in existence. To crown it, the lid was closed, and it was so filthy I just couldn't make myself touch it. I looked around for toilet paper, but only saw an empty holder (haha). Almost in tears from being so close and still not getting a relief, I was searching for something in my purse to open that lid with. But it was too late. The first drops escaped, and in a moment I was peeing full force. The only thing I managed to do within that moment was pull down my pants and squat, the damned toilet in front of me. The stream hissed against the dirty floor, turning into a giant puddle, and I couldn't stop it until I was completely empty.

I estimated the damage. There was only a couple of wet streaks inside my pants, but my shoes were soaked. Well... at least I won the contest, I said to myself. Now I had to leave that gross place. Luckily my shoes were black, but I had to hurry - as long as pee is fresh, it doesn't smell too awful.

I looked at my phone; there was a message waiting for me.

"Are you done, loser?"

"Loser? It was you who lost!"

A second after the message was delivered, my phone rang. Why is she calling?

"Yes?"

"You do realize you lost, don't you?"

"What? You said you peed already!"

"I lied to you, haha! I'm only gonna pee now! Listen" - the loud sound of her pissing like a horse followed.

No, seriously, that bitch has gone too far... Next time I'll rather put a plug in my peehole and let my bladder rip to pieces than lose to her again!

