A Reverie

Author: ShadowPhantom

*000*2020-04-29 05:31

A Reverie

This story is a continuation of and features a character from a recent scenario in my interactive story called "Make em Pee". You can access it through my profile if you feel curious. Otherwise, enjoy

His fatigue from the long exhilarating day pulled him into the darkness quicker than most nights, and soon he was in a land that was of his own creation, but not quite indistinguishable from reality.

The walls were a creamy white color that resembled vanilla ice cream, slightly melted from the sweltering summer heat. The floor possessed the same color and the ceiling did as well. The entire room, whose size was difficult to determine, didn’t seem much larger than Nathan’s own room.

As his eyes grew used to the bright luminescence of his surroundings, the furniture present in the room began to emerge from hiding, as its camouflage washed away and shadows betrayed their well-placed positions.

Nathan was at first struck by his initial inability to see it, but now he recognized the furniture placement to be exactly like his room, except everything, to the smallest speck, was painted in the white color. Once he figured out his orientation, he immediately whirled around to face the door which is normally the entrance to his room. However, to his confusion, not only was the door was not white, which jarred his eyes at first, but it was also made of a strange rusted purple metal which reflected the white from the rest of the room in the few spots where corrosion hadn’t invaded.

Despite a tinge of fear, his curiosity dominated, and he went for the handle. No luck. The door was locked shut to the point where the round handle didn’t even make the slightest rotation in either direction. Perhaps though it was only rusted shut, and with enough force, he could make it budge.

Unfortunately, even if that theory was true, his strength proved to be a futile force to the door’s desire to remain closed. Even with both hands on the door turning with all his bodily power, he only managed to break a sweat on his palms rendering them incapable of the task. The room didn’t look too boring though, and with a moment of thought, Nathan recalled that he had quite a few things around that could entertain him, that is, if this room was an exact clone of his actual room and included those items.

He put off the excitement and left his closet for the end of his search, and instead started with his bed. He approached it cautiously, trying to expect the infinite range of possibilities that could happen, but the bed remained a bed and didn’t perform any strange stunts. He placed his hand on the cover blanket, allowing his palms to sink into the soft fur material. Indeed, it was his bed, everything to the smallest detail.

His hopes were up that he might find what he was looking for, which was supposedly hiding under the bed, and so with a swift motion, he dropped his body down into and bend and crouched to look under. He had to squint to see the outline of the objects underneath, but to the relief of his racing heart, everything was present.

At once he turned his heading to the closet knowing with near perfect certainty that he would find it there. He turned his head around, as not to reveal the surprise right away, and cracked open the sliding door gradually, revealing behind its snow-white color, another compartment of white. His heart dropped for a moment as he saw nothing, but then spotted it staring back at him: a large pillow filling half the area of the closet. He reached his arms into it and snatched it away, pulling it from its lodged position out into the center of his room.

With his wishes satisfied, his mind wandered to remind him of his need to pee, which was quite substantial compared to a few minutes earlier when he found himself in the strange place. He demanded that it stop, but his desperation grew at unnatural rates and he soon found himself unable to maintain control without the help of his hand, but as he reached to assist, he noticed he was almost entirely naked save for a pair of gray briefs. With no arousal, his bladder muscles were flexed apprehensively, holding back the seemingly inevitable flood. The bathroom was just down the hall, but the purple door remained a barrier to his saving.

He waddled hopefully towards the door and tried to open it with his free hand once more but was only able to apply a fraction of the force of his previous attempt. Strangely however, the door swung open, as though its weight was only a feather, and Nathan was left staring into the seemingly endless depths of the hall, which compelled his eyes to squint in response to the even brighter glow of the new environment. No shadows were present to give him a perception of dimension, so he was left to blindly travel forth, his memory the sole tool of navigation.

He made the trip thousands of times, so he felt confident in his ability to reach the destination, but the obstacle of his filling bladder was becoming more and more unbearable. He could already see the bulge near his abdomen, growing in size right in front of his eyes. He must’ve drunk a gallon or more for such a quantity to be accumulating. Of course, he had no recollection of what happened before his appearance in the room so he couldn’t know anything for sure.

Now he was only managing to sluggishly inch forth, labored by the weight of the liquids inside of him and the effort his muscles were devoting to contain it. The formerly easy task now appeared to be dauntingly impossible, and as Nathan collapsed to the floor, he officially deemed it as such.

The floor lent him a comforting cool from the heat of the air above, and he suddenly felt it much easier to hold. With the new capability, Nathan started to drag himself across the floor in the direction of the bathroom, nearing it with vexing ineptitude. He had to stop every now and then to feel the walls in order to ensure that he didn’t miss the target, but as he glanced again and again towards the purple door from where he left, he grew frightfully dubious about his progress. The bathroom was supposed to be much closer than he currently found himself. Perhaps he missed it, or perhaps the room was omitted from this strange world.

At that moment, he lost his sense of striving, and being stuck in the middle of a white void, a feeling of disparaging helplessness veiled over his confidence. The puppet master behind the stage left him no choice but to pee himself right where he was. He could not accept it, but just then, he recalled his pillow. With his frantic panic he forgot that the initial reason he was searching for it was because it was his pee pillow. He recalled playing with it all the time especially when his mom left him alone in the house. He now had to turn back and make the same trip a second time with increased difficulty.

Every movement or bend of his body sent sharp attacking waves emitting from his bladder which resonated all throughout his body, and yet, his muscles kept it all at bay. He was clasping at the smooth floor looking for some friction to pull himself forth, but the nervous sweat acted against him, and only caused his hands to slip. He knew that although his bladder muscles had inhuman capabilities, their limit still existed, and with the equally unnatural rate of the filling of his bladder, his defenses were sure to give out soon.

Quivering uneasily, he devised a plan to keep dry in the face of the prodigious opposing force while expediting his approach to the room. With the newfound glimmer of promise, he used his one hand to flip himself onto his back while the other slipped under his underwear to assist the struggling counter force. Though his bladder was no longer pressed against the floor, it was now his abdomen that pushed his bladder unintentionally, subject to gravity, though Nathan payed no heed and proceeded to use his legs as the driving force, bending them and pushing himself back across the slippery floor. It was working, and quite effectively at that, but a sudden moist sensation of warmth on his fingers sent his blood running cold. His current strategy didn’t just undermine his lower fortifications, but it broke them entirely. He was no longer capable of holding it, and as the impatient liquids made a momentary recession, he knew it was only seconds until the flood would unleash.

As panic ravaged through him, he frantically jumped to his feet, hastening the approach of the flood, and broke into a desperate sprint towards his room. His bladder muscles ached acutely and gave in against his command. He was halfway to his destination when he felt warm drops escaping down his legs and pattering against the mysterious white material of the floor.

Once the door was in reach, he leapt through the gap, shutting it violently once he was in. Intermittent spurts graduated into a steady steam, but by then, he had taken his sigh of relief, for he had made it; through and against all odds, he made his destination.

He allowed his body to fall freely into the large soft mass of the pillow. He immediately sank deep into the fluff, all the while his bladder continued its relief, hosing down his underwear and soaking warmly into the material below him with a stream of hissing strength. His mind was inebriated with bliss, and not a single bother could permeate through that shield. His pains dissipated with pleasure as he slowly submerged himself in a pool of yellow. The color stained the white pillow, contradicting the laws of the world he was in, but he did not care. He was drifting away, drowning in happiness.

He wasn’t sure exactly when the transition transpired, but upon opening his eyes, he didn’t find himself surrounded by the blinding whiteness. Instead, he was laying in his bed, in his room, with a strange discomforting sensation all around his crotch. It felt all too familiar, and when the breeze rushed through the open window, coating him with a stinging cold, he knew exactly what had happened. A wary look down his body imparted on him a clear understanding of the situation. He had wet the bed, the night right after his holding contest with his friends. Whether it was the copious amount of water he drank, or the fatigue of his overworked bladder muscles, the result was all the same.

It must’ve happened some time ago since no puddle was present and the usually pleasuring warmth of pee transformed into a displeasing layer of biting frost. The smell was faint, which gave him some relief among the trauma, but the fact remained the same: he should not be having genuine accidents at the age of 19.

He pulled his covers over him, which he had thrown aside in his episode of a dream, and advanced to develop a plan before his mom could enter and catch him vulnerable. He wished this would be the last time he would have to do this, but recalling the joy of his dream, he realized that more was to come.

$$

I certainly don't consider myself an artist, and thus, I would appreciate any constructive criticism that can be offered for the above drawing.

