Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction) - Page 4

Author: secretomoact

*000*2025-02-03 19:34

It was exactly as Vegeta had been picturing it; His and Kakarot’s relationship remained mostly the same. Except, now they hugged after fighting, and occasionally Kakarot would kiss his cheek. Sometimes Vegeta would even return the gesture. The sorts of things Bulma had imagined she’d get to ‘watch’ weren’t happening.

She had seen Kakarot embrace Vegeta as they left the gravity chamber once, squeezing him hard and snuggling him as Vegeta grumbled under his breath. Bulma gushing over how ‘cute’ it was certainly hadn’t helped.

He was glad Bulma was so… Encouraging of this whole thing, though. If she’d been upset by Vegeta’s ridiculous feelings for Kakarot, or if he’d backed out and avoided telling her, his life as of late would have been a nerve-wracking, frustrating mess.

But, since he HAD brought himself to have that discussion, and it had gone so well, Vegeta was feeling something else entirely.

He and Kakarot were in the time chamber together, preparing for another tournament. This one had been called for by Beerus’s brother, Champa, who presided over another universe that had many similarities to Vegeta’s own. One key difference was that the Earth in Champa’s universe had already been destroyed and, since Champa wanted food that was only found on Earth, he’d challenged Beerus to a tournament; If he won, they would trade Earths utilizing the Super Dragon Balls, which had fewer limitations than both Earth’s and Namek’s.

Of course, Vegeta wanted to compete. But, of course, his Problem weighed heavily in the back of his mind. At first, he was hesitantly confident about it. Sure, the World Tournament here on Earth had presented his bladder with an uncomfortable challenge, but he’d managed to use Kakarot’s weird, little ‘technique’ once now. Perhaps he COULD do it again if he really had to?

He’d overheard some discussion about where Champa’s tournament would be held. The word ‘desolate’ had come up, That didn’t sound particularly promising for his bladder. Would there be any cover if he ended up needing it?

He was also intrigued by the Super Dragon Balls. Champa had said, specifically, that there was “no request too grand for THEM.” Whatever dragon they summoned could do absolutely anything, grant ANY wish. Vegeta knew exactly what he’d wish for if he had the opportunity. He kept coming back to that ever since he’d learned of their existence; If, by some miracle, HE was allowed to request something, then he’d ask for the removal of his life’s biggest road-block in a heartbeat.

He knew better than to get his hopes up. He doubted he’d be allowed to use those dragon balls if they won, the wish would go to someone else. Even if he told everyone what he wanted it for, only HE could see how important it actually was. No one else would think it made any sense to use a once-in-a-lifetime, limitless opportunity on something like THAT.

Not that he’d be able to get the words out anyway…

Vegeta grew more anxious as the tournament drew closer and everyone got ready. He and Kakarot chose Piccolo and Gohan to join them— Beerus had already selected someone himself, the strongest opponent he’d ever faced, whom Kakarot was annoyingly excited to meet. Bulma tried to figure out how to locate the Super Dragon Balls. He and Kakarot trained. All the while, Vegeta’s confidence waned.

If he actually COULDN’T use that ‘technique’ again, what WOULD he do? He was going to be away from his restroom for a WHILE. The tournament itself would be long, and who even knew how long it took to travel from one universe to another? If he couldn’t release himself during the heat of battle, he’d be holding it for ages.

And, his most reliable strategies were going to be out of the question. To use his capsule, he’d need to find some empty space to open it, far from the tournament grounds. He might not be able to get away for long enough. Kakarot wouldn’t be able to use Instant Transmission to bring him home, either. He’d be trying to lock onto chi in a different universe, which would be impossible. It was hard enough for him to do it from a different planet!

It ticked him off so much. He should have been thinking about battle strategies, not worrying about how he was going to handle his stupid bladder.

When there were a few days left, Kakarot suggested to him that they should spend them inside the time chamber. Kakarot was driving him fucking crazy as he asked, too. They sat on the couch, Kakarot placing his arm behind him, but NOT making contact. It made Vegeta grit his teeth against the maddening urge to shout “Just put your arm around me, you fucking moron!”

Maybe he would have if Piccolo hadn’t been in the room with them. Bulma was present as well, which was okay. She knew; It was necessary for her to know. No one else had to be aware of the sudden shift in his relationship with Kakarot.

No one else was ALLOWED to find out. Vegeta would never hear the end of it. And, while Bulma had stunned him by being alright with this type of arrangement, he KNEW the majority of Earthlings wouldn’t be. If they were, he’d SEE this happen more often, like he had as a child on his home planet.

Teasing and judgement, that was what would happen if this got out.

Kakarot grinned and said; “You’re coming, right?”

Vegeta snapped back icily. “Not if I have to be stuck with you!” His vision flicked from Kakarot to Piccolo for a second, almost imperceptibly.

“Aw, come on,” Kakarot said, still smiling his stupid, idiot smile. “You don’t really mean that.”

Vegeta kept up the act for a few more minutes, pretending he was only agreeing because Kakarot wore him down— NOT because spending all that time alone with Kakarot actually sounded appealing.

Ugh, but it did. They could fight each other over and over, Vegeta would more of a chance to figure out what he’d ‘do’ during the tournament, Kakarot could… Squeeze him…

“He can’t bear to fall behind,” Piccolo commented, and Vegeta sighed with relief. Piccolo didn’t suspect a thing.

Contrary to the anxiety-inducing year he’d spent in the chamber with Trunks, this new stint had been absolutely great. As soon as the door shut, the rest of the world was closed away. The constant buzz beneath the surface of Vegeta’s skin as he uncontrollably registered several chi signatures was gone. He could only sense Kakarot; Kakarot’s soothing, gentle energy. Vegeta’s shoulders slumped slightly, everything inside of him went quiet in a way it had never done before.

Even when Kakarot talked to him, even when Kakarot said idiotic things that pissed him off, he remained at ease. The world was gone, there was no one to impress because Kakarot was already, always impressed by him. There was no pressure. For the first time in his life, Vegeta wasn’t under pressure.

It wasn’t even there during their fights. They tied pretty much every time, and it always felt good. He was filled with triumph each time Kakarot collapsed in exhaustion beside him, panting out his praise. “No… No one can wear…. Wear me out like you do, Vegeta…”

A massage followed every battle. Vegeta would lay on the bed, and Kakarot would smooth away any knots that had formed inside him, leaving his muscles tingly and eased. A few times, he’d fall asleep during the middle of it, but even that didn’t embarrass him. Kakarot liked that he could get Vegeta into such a state of bliss that he passed out and, when he woke up, Kakarot would be there to praise him again for doing such a good job relaxing. “That’s what I like to see, buddy! You’re doing great!”

The best part was that it had been ages since he’d had an ‘incident’ with his Problem. He could go whenever he wanted, however much he wanted. It was just him and Kakarot in here. There was never any reason for him to hold it unless they’d strayed too far from the entrance area where the bathroom was. And, even then, he’d only need to restrain himself for an hour or so until they got back, which was simple for him, barely uncomfortable.

It had never been this easy before. It was a little mind-blowing, really. He could just… Decide to relieve himself. That was it. Nothing more needed to be done. No planning out when he could do it without attracting attention. No searching endlessly for a private spot. No fighting back his squirms as he got fuller and fuller. No cursing himself as it refused to come out.

No horrible, awful, torturous back-pain.

Was this what it was like for everyone else? They could feel the urge and go take care of it, just like that?

Kakarot commented weekly on how much stronger Vegeta seemed to be getting. “You’re improving so fast— Even faster than usual!” Vegeta knew exactly why that was. He wasn’t constantly worried about his bladder, he never had to try fighting when he was already full to capacity, he could hydrate himself freely…

No horrible, awful, torturous back-pain, AND no endless, clawing thirst. He’d never BEEN more comfortable!

He was comfortable… Fuck, what an amazing feeling…

He was even comfortable with his and Kakarot’s sleeping arrangement. They were sharing a bed again, and this time Vegeta hadn’t put up much of a fuss about it. It was just the two of them in here. He’d just have to remind Kakarot not to mention it once they got back out.

Kakarot certainly wasn’t allowed to mention how VEGETA had been the one to suggest Kakarot keep his arms around him at night. He made sure to point out the rapid temperature changes in the time chamber and remind Kakarot of his cold tolerance (or lack thereof). “It’s usually freezing in here late at night, like the desert. As a prince, I should be kept warm by any means necessary.” He wasn’t even sure who he was putting up the facade for, when he knew Kakarot could see right through it.

Kakarot played along though. “Oh, yeah,” he said. “Can’t have you shivering all night, or you’ll be too tired to spar with me.” He held Vegeta close, firm, secure. “Mm… How’s that?”

“Much warmer,” Vegeta said. “Now I can finally get some rest.”

They did it almost every night. Vegeta often found himself wishing Bulma was there as well. That was the only issue with this; He was realizing he really couldn’t go that long without BOTH of them. He missed Bulma, and Trunks as well. The communication device he used to contact his brother didn’t work in here either, so he missed him too.

For a while, the separation from his family was the only thing that made Vegeta less comfortable. But then, something else began to take a toll. It was just a LITTLE frustrating to be stuck in close quarters with a person that he felt… attracted to, and who didn’t possess a lick of shame. If Kakarot could put a TOWEL on after getting out of the shower, rather than walking bare-ass naked from the bathroom to the bedroom to grab his clothes every night, that would be GREAT.

Fine. So maybe Vegeta did… Kind of… Sort of… Want to… Uh… Give Bulma something ‘interesting’ to watch, like she’d mentioned before. But, that was up to Kakarot, Bulma wasn’t HERE and, as he understood it, Chi-Chi wanted them to take this SLOWLY. So it certainly wasn’t going to happen any time soon.

Besides, they were here to train. That was the goal, the only focus.

But… Gah, Kakarot could learn to practice a little modesty, at the very least!

When they finally had to leave the time chamber, Vegeta struggled. As soon as he was outside the door, he was able to sense tons of energy again. After such a long stint feeling only Kakarot’s presence, the sudden wave of chis made his body do MORE than just buzz. It felt raw, completely over-stimulated, like the top layer of his skin had been peeled away and just the breeze was enough to make him sting. He froze for a second, waiting for the sensation to pass, waiting to adjust, but it was taking a while.

Goku stepped out beside him and, he too was able to notice a lot more energy. But, it hadn’t made him freeze in his tracks like it had done to Vegeta. The chi he could sense most clearly was the same one he’d been latched onto for so long; Vegeta’s energy was flaring. Goku flinched, like he could feel his anxiety.

He’d had two reasons for suggesting the time chamber. The first was obvious; They needed to get stronger for the tournament. The second was JUST for Vegeta; Goku had thought it would help him relax if they were alone together, time grinding to a stand-still before what was sure to be a stressful event for his friend.

Goku thought it had worked. It HAD worked, really. He’d never seen Vegeta so calm before, had never noticed his energy loosen to that extent. He felt it in Vegeta’s muscles every night as he held him; The other Saiyan was slack in his arms.

But, maybe all of that had backfired. He’d spent SO long with all of his anxiety triggers removed, and now he was on his way to something that would bring a lot of them to the forefront. This may not have been Goku’s best plan; Now Vegeta was going to have to adjust himself rapidly.

Then again, what if all that relaxation had still done him some good? Like, while he was going to be anxious today, now that he KNEW what such an elated state felt like, he’d be able to bring himself close to it and calm down a little easier?

Goku hoped so… “Ready?” He asked, once Vegeta’s chi seemed to be evening back out.

“I’m always ready,” Vegeta said. “Time to show that other universe what I’m made of.”

Goku grinned. “That’s the spirit!” He grabbed Vegeta’s hand— NOT his shoulder— and teleported them to the front lawn of Capsule Corp, where he could feel the others had gathered.

Once they appeared, Goku whispered to Vegeta. “Oh, make sure you ‘go’ first…” He felt silly reminding him, but considering Vegeta had just spent so much time always being able to pee, he could end up forgetting.

“Tch… I know, Kakarot…” Vegeta mumbled, quickly rushing for the front door. No way in Hell was he going to head off to another damned UNIVERSE without emptying himself. He made it to his room and turned the corner, finding Bulma still readying herself in their bathroom.

He stood impatiently in the doorway. Why couldn’t she do her make-up in one of the other fifty-whatever bathrooms they had? It took too long, and Vegeta could only use this one!

Bulma was nearly finished though. “Vegeta, welcome back.” She smiled as she turned to him, there was something devious in her smirk. “Did you have fun all alone with Goku?”

Vegeta began to blush. “W—We didn’t… We didn’t… ‘DO’ anything, if that’s what you’re—“

Bulma giggled. “I’m almost done,” she said. “Make SURE you use the—“

“I know that!” Vegeta snapped, blushing even harder. “That’s why I’m here!”

Once Bulma had left, Vegeta hurried in and took care of his bladder. He stood there much, MUCH longer than necessary, he didn’t want to depart on THIS trip with so much as a drop in him. When he was finally satisfied that everything was out, he zipped up and looked at himself in the mirror. “You can do this…” he said quietly to himself. “You’ll make it through, you always do.”

He exited the restroom, relieved that Bulma had already headed out and hadn’t heard him… Ugh… Pep-talking himself like that. It hadn’t even been about the upcoming battles— THOSE didn’t feel daunting to him at all! He was CERTAIN he would kick ass during his fights today. It was his bladder that he didn’t trust.

He rushed back outside to join the others, standing beside Kakarot. Whis had arrived with a weird, glowing space-ship thing that would get them to the other universe. EVERYONE was here, most of them just to watch. Vegeta tried to grin. Everyone was going to watch him achieve his victory today. ‘And nothing else,’ he thought. ‘Absolutely nothing else. They’ll see you win, they won’t see you… Experience anything… Less-than triumphant.’

“The first leg of our flight will be to Lord Beerus’s world, we’ll meet up with my lord and Monaka and continue to the site. Travel time will be approximately three hours,” Whis announced. “While our final destination will have facilities, this vessel— as you see— does not. So, use the restroom before boarding, okay?”

Vegeta tensed. Fucking— Really?! HE was gonna remind him as well?!

Kakarot turned to him and whispered; “I’m pretty sure he’s talking about ME, ‘cause of how I almost peed out in space that one time.”

Vegeta grimaced. “You HAVE—“

“Yeah, I went while you were gone. I learned my lesson!”

“First time for everything…” Vegeta mumbled.

They all boarded Whis’s strange vehicle, and the voyage began. Vegeta was STILL trying to adjust to being around so many people again. He stayed close to his family and Kakarot, and had an even stronger desire to remain near THEM when he realized this was the first time he was really AROUND everyone else since that day Buu had… Revealed everything.

He’d seen them all when Frieza came back to life, but hadn’t interacted. Now that they were all going to be in this closed space together for so long, it was finally going to happen. His eyes kept darting around. Everyone in here knew about his Problem. He kept waiting for one of them to come up and say something, confusion taking hold as more time passed and no one did.

No one was even really looking at him.

Well, of course they weren’t. He was supposed to be one of their best fighters, and he failed at such a basic task! They were too ashamed of him to—

‘Only Frieza,’ Vegeta thought, recalling what Bulma had told him. She’d ASSURED him no one thought it was a big deal! No one thought it was pathetic…

Maybe they really DIDN’T care?

Even with Bulma’s words of reassurance, and the evidence right there in front of him now, he struggled to believe it.

He imagined what would have happened if the entire Frieza Force had found out. He would have been the subject of open mockery. Only Nappa and— maybe— Raditz would have left him alone about it. Zarbon, Dodoria, all the Ginyus… Everyone else on Frieza’s ship would have delighted in finding one of his weak-spots; Especially such a ridiculous one.

Kakarot’s friends weren’t the Frieza Force, though. They were nothing like them.

Maybe they really didn’t care…

They stopped at Beerus’s planet and got out to wait for him and this Monaka guy. As soon as his boots were on the ground, both Bulma and Kakarot were whispering to him, one in each ear. It would have been confusing had they not both been telling him the same thing.

“Head to our room so that you can go,” Kakarot said.

“Vegeta, make sure you go here too,” Bulma said.

Ugh…He didn’t need to be reminded! He had YEARS of experience with this thing, he knew what he had to do! It almost made him want to refuse purely out of spite, but he could feel he WASN’T empty anymore. The three hour ride here had given him time to fill up just SLIGHTLY, and one drop in his bladder was one too many when he didn’t know when he’d next be able to void it.

“Fine…” Vegeta huffed softly. Then, much louder so that everyone else could hear, he announced; “Kakarot, you moron, I can’t believe you forgot to get that stuff from our room the LAST time we were here. I will go get it for you!” He headed inside and straight to the room set aside for him and Kakarot.

Moments later, he was in front of the toilet, emptying himself yet again. He was slightly concerned by the amount coming out of him— The amount his body had produced in the span of just three hours. He hadn’t had much to drink before leaving the time chamber this morning, but he’d had a LOT of water yesterday. He began to worry that the time compression, or whatever it was called, had some effect on his body’s processes.

Because, while he drank that water yesterday while IN the time-chamber, out here in the natural world, he would have chugged it all down TODAY, so… Maybe—

Ugh, this was making his head hurt.

He just had to refuse all beverages until the tournament was over and he was back home, that would work. As soon as he made THAT decision, he became aware of the chalky dryness in his throat. He sure was thirsty…

It didn’t matter! Fighting with his body shrieking for liquid was easier than fighting with his body shrieking to get RID of liquid!

He finished and zipped back up, rushing back to join the group. He hadn’t needed to hurry, Beerus still wasn’t there.

Krillin watched him curiously. “What did you get?” He asked.

Vegeta’s brows furrowed. “What..?”

“You said Goku forgot something important and you were getting it?”

“O—Oh, right!” Vegeta nodded. “It was just a capsule, I’ve got it now.”

Beerus arrived eventually, alongside Monaka, apparently the strongest person he’d ever fought. Vegeta stared at the small creature in confusion. He didn’t LOOK strong at all. But, before Vegeta could question that too much, they had to get moving again.

As they continued traveling, they ate lunch prepared by Chi-Chi. Vegeta’s stomach growled ravenously as he smelled it cooking. He and Kakarot were NOT skilled in the kitchen, they hadn’t been able to produce anything that tasty while they’d been in the time-chamber. Just the sight of something that wasn’t burned to a crisp or half-raw was making him hungrier by the second.

Goku smiled when he watched Chi-Chi give some food to Vegeta. The kind look she gave him was a really nice thing to see, too. He wanted them both to get along, Chi-Chi being comfortable around him was a really good sign.

Vegeta began to devour his food as if he hadn’t eaten in a week. So good… Cooked perfectly, no charred bits, no cold centers… So good… So— Ack! He’d shoved a little TOO much into his mouth, or swallowed wrong, or… Something— He started to cough, smacking his hand against his chest.

Chi-Chi passed him some water, and he started to guzzle it down, grateful as it stopped his choking and soothed the cloying thirst. Ahhh, nice, cold, refreshing water. He took a few more gulps to rid himself of the burning sensation, then the glass was empty. Phew, much bett—

Wait.

DAMMIT!

Why did he do that?!

“You alright now?” Chi-Chi asked, worried. “I thought Goku was the only one I had to remind to chew his food.”

“Y—Yes, I’m alright,” Vegeta said. But, for how long? He looked at the glass in his hand, which he’d just drained completely. It was pretty big…

He’d be fine! Fighting would make him work up a sweat, that would take care of most of it!

Chi-Chi looked at him for another few seconds. “Vegeta..?”>

“I’m fine!” Vegeta insisted, walking off to find Kakarot or Bulma instead. How could he have lost control like that?! He should have had JUST enough to stop the coughing fit, not a sip more! But, no! He had to go and chug the whole thing because it ‘felt good’. It WASN’T going to feel good in a while!

‘You weren’t supposed to have ANY water today! Let alone THAT much!’ Vegeta fumed as he stood beside Bulma. ‘Learn to control yourself! Have a little fucking restraint!’

His relentless mental scolding kicked up a notch when they finally began to approach the planet where the tournament would be held. ‘Desolate’ was right! There were no forests! No coverage! The only thing on it was the arena. He couldn’t tell if the arena had a restroom and, even so, he KNEW it wouldn’t be one he could use. ‘You IDIOT!’ He thought. ‘You just drank ALL that fucking water, and the ONLY place you can piss is literally in a DIFFERENT UNIVERSE! All that time alone with Kakarot must have made you stupider!’

As he looked over the planet, he continued to grow tenser and tenser, so he nearly jumped out of his skin when he felt Bulma grip his shoulder. “Vegeta,” she whispered. “I have your capsule, it’s right with me. Don’t you worry.”

That did nothing to reassure him. He’d need a chance to fly off as far as he could and open the thing. Like that would ever happen! And, it would attract attention if he tried to put so much distance between himself and the others. Those from HIS universe might be able to figure out what his end-goal was, and that would be embarrassing, but…

What about the OTHER universe? They might assume he was plotting something to rig the tournament. What if he had to explain? He didn’t KNOW anyone on the opposing team! And, that was just it; They were his opponents. He couldn’t disclose a weakness to his enemies! That was even dumber than filling his stupid, uncooperative bladder up when he was farther from his only guaranteed place of relief than he’d ever been before!

They landed, and Vegeta tried to fall back on another strategy, one that didn’t have the greatest success rate. ‘Just. Don’t. Think about it.’ As ever, that was a bit of a paradox. Reminding himself over and over not to think about peeing meant that he was already sort of thinking about peeing, and then he was thinking about peeing even more.

Being on a new planet wasn’t even enough to distract him. He’d seen plenty of barren dust-balls like this one before, it being in another universe didn’t make it any more interesting. In fact, its resemblance to other uninhabited planets made Vegeta’s bladder twinge with memories. Memories of having to land his space-pod in similar locations so that Raditz or Nappa could relieve themselves while he stood awkwardly to the side with his back turned, trying to ignore the sound of their streams and the way it tempted his bladder, snapping at them to hurry up.

Vegeta finally found a diversion when they ran into another Saiyan. The Saiyan’s short, slim figure and pointed hair caused Vegeta’s pre-occupied mind to mistake him for Tarble for half a second. He scolded himself, he was letting himself get so anxious that he wasn’t thinking clearly. There was no way for Tarble to get here and, besides, THIS Saiyan didn’t have a tail.

There was quite a resemblance, though.

The other Saiyan introduced himself as Cabba. Vegeta’s mind swirled as he learned that this universe was home to tons of Saiyans, their planet had never been destroyed here. Cabba spoke in a quiet, almost timid voice which, again, reminded Vegeta of his brother. It might end up being difficult to fight this gu—

Fuck— No, it wouldn’t be! He’d wipe the floor with his runt! What a strange thought to have…

Before the tournament could begin, everyone was required to take a written exam. This had been Vegeta’s suggestion back when things were still in the early planning stages. Now that the time had come, he could not for the life of him remember why he’d thought this would be a good idea.

The exam questions themselves, for the most part, were not too difficult. The few that Vegeta really struggled on were history related… Specifically pertaining to the universe they were CURRENTLY in. Who had written this stupid test? Half the competitors would have no idea how to answer these!

‘In what year did Planet Sweetz experience its largest flood?’

Bullshit…

First of all, there WAS no Planet Sweetz in Vegeta’s universe, so how was he supposed to know that? Second, did they HAVE to remind him that FLOODS were a thing right now? There was a flood of fluid on its way to his bladder. In fact, he could feel some warning tingles already, a clear sense that he wasn’t empty anymore and the liquid was starting to process. This stupid exam was making him think about huge amounts of water; So much water that it couldn’t be contained, and was instead sent gushing over the banks of rivers and lakes, crashing through the land.

His knees rubbed slightly beneath his desk as he wrote down a random year and tried to move on. Hopefully, none of the other questions would tempt his traitorously vivid imagination.

Besides the annoying history questions that required him to know things about places he’d never heard of, the test aggravated him for one other reason; It was postponing the start of the actual tournament. WHAT had he been thinking when he’d suggested this?! He should have realized that he’d want this all finished as quickly as possible, before his bladder had enough time to really torment him. Yet, for whatever reason, he’d thought an additional activity was a good idea.

‘Stupid, stupid…’ He’d wanted this exam to ensure all the competitors were at least mentally competent, but this just proved HE had to be the dumbest one here!

‘A 200 pound watermelon is 95% water. How many pounds of water must be drained so that the watermelon is 50% water?’

Dammit… Fucking… He didn’t know how, exactly, a person would drain water out of a melon. But now he was picturing one with a bathtub tap affixed to it, cranked all the way on, liquids spraying out of it and splattering against the floor with a hiss. Vegeta’s feet tapped before his ankles hook around each other. He was very aware of his urge now, and the tournament hadn’t even started…

A better question would be ‘How much water must be magically vaporized from Vegeta’s body to keep him from exploding today?’

‘Stop. Thinking. About. It,’ he thought angrily. He didn’t need to go THAT badly, and he was just making it worse!

He recalled things Trunks had said about taking tests at school. Trunks said tests made him nervous. Vegeta had never understood that. Surely it was all just memorization followed by writing things down neatly, right? That was simple! But, he could see it a little more clearly now; THIS test was making him nervous. He had to actually pass the damn thing, which meant he had to focus and think about what it was asking. About the… Stupid watermelon and how, apparently, it was so EASY to take literal pounds of water out of IT. Vegeta couldn’t even get a thimble’s worth out of himself—

‘Stop!’

He made it to the end of the test eventually, and then he just had to wait as the tournament was delayed further while Whis’s sister Vados graded them.

“That must have been the worst battle I’ve EVER fought,” Kakarot wrapped his arms around himself and shuddered. “I think I’m gonna need a senzu bean after that.”

Vegeta rolled his eyes.

He somehow managed to pass the stupid thing, but Buu had not, meaning they had lost one fighter before the tournament had even started. Vegeta cursed himself yet again for even suggesting this.

Kakarot had nearly failed as well, one more wrong answer, and he would have. The question that had saved him was actually the one about Planet Sweetz, amazingly the random number he’d written down had been the correct one. Vegeta needed to ask Kakarot how the fuck he always managed to be so lucky.

***

The tournament was finally underway, and Vegeta was struggling to hold still as he watched Kakarot take on the first opponent. Kakarot had gotten the first turn, much to Vegeta’s dismay. He’d been hoping that his time on that stage would be earlier, before his bladder situation became too serious to hide.

He had accepted that, eventually, it WOULD be. There was no way around it, it was just inevitable. His idiotic water guzzling, the liquid imagery the test had conjured up in his mind, and his own inability to stop paying attention to the steadily worsening throbs in his lower belly all guaranteed it.

He already wanted to start bouncing his knee again, but without a desk to conceal his restlessness behind, he kept one hand gripped over each of them to hold them steady. He tried to concentrate on watching Kakarot on the stage, rather than his increasing need. Kakarot seemed to be goofing around, as if Vegeta could have expected anything less… ‘Get on with it,’ he thought.

Kakarot’s opponent was a large, round creature. His body seemed to be made of some sort of gelatinous substance, which caused all of Kakarot’s punches to bounce right off of him like they were nothing. This was going to take forever…

Vegeta squeezed his knees more firmly, the muscles in his arms pulling taut and generating small shakes. He glanced at Piccolo beside him, but he was fixated on Kakarot and not the tremors in Vegeta’s tense arms. Beerus, Whis and Monaka weren’t paying attention to him either. Hesitantly, he allowed his legs to move closer together, squeezing his thighs as a more insistent pang rippled inside him. This was followed by three more brutal throbs which quickly wore out his patience.

He shouted to Kakarot; “Stop punching him and use your head!” He even tried widening his eyes a bit, unsure if Kakarot could really see his expression from that far away, but trying to communicate to him that he was starting to feel uncomfortable.

Perhaps Kakarot HAD gotten the message, because the fight was over pretty quickly after that, with Kakarot managing to throw his opponent out of the ring. Vegeta sighed softly, the waters in his middle seemed to get a little calmer. Things were moving along.

The water inside his body was moving too, though. The pressure was constantly there, a gnawing discomfort that he was always aware of. He crossed one leg over the other, as casually as he could manage it, That took some of the edge off his need, allowing it to die back down to a gentle tingling sting. He could do this…

Piccolo looked at him for a second, but Vegeta tried to ignore that. Piccolo didn’t urinate, logically that meant he would be the least likely to notice Vegeta’s predicament, surely.

Kakarot’s next opponent bore such a strong resemblance to Frieza that Vegeta’s jaw clenched. Those eyes, even from this distance, even when they were attached to someone he knew wasn’t REALLY Frieza, caused Vegeta’s pulse to quicken.

He remembered how he’d felt seeing Kakarot get knocked around by Frieza before. Was this guy just as strong? It was hard to tell, Vegeta was having a more difficult time sensing the chis of those from the other universe.

Kakarot told the Frieza look-alike to skip straight to his final form so that neither one of them had to hold back. And, he did change, but NOT into what Kakarot had asked for.

Vegeta didn’t have time for Frieza’s games and taunting.

Er…

For…

What was this guy’s name again? The announcer had said Frost, right?

He didn’t have time for Frie— FROST’S nonsense.

“Final form my ass!” Vegeta muttered.

Kakarot had to prompt Frost to transform one more time before he actually complied. His sleek, gleaming body still looked precisely like Frieza’s. Even as the announcer described Frost’s life outside of the tournament, giving the impression that he was a peaceful, friendly person, Vegeta failed to feel any more at ease at the sight of him. He smirked just like Frieza did, and that was enough to leave Vegeta feeling tetchy.

His bladder ached more at the sight of that smirk, too. The nervous tension in his belly that he’d always felt when Frieza grinned at him was tying knots around his bladder and squeezing it tight. He folded his arms, fingers twitching as he continued to watch.

Suddenly, something seemed to be wrong with Kakarot. It was like he was in a daze, teetering woozily and unable to walk in a straight line. Frost took advantage of Kakarot’s abrupt affliction to toss him from the ring. For the first time all day, Vegeta forgot about his bladder— Was Kakarot sick? What was happening to h—

DAMMIT, the one thing that could take Vegeta’s mind off his need to go was seeing Kakarot in danger, wasn’t it?! It just HAD to be that!

Chi-Chi leapt down from one of the other platforms to rush to Kakarot’s side. Vegeta wondered if he ought to be doing the same, but knew that his body was going to be subjected to ENOUGH harsh landings today, he didn’t need to jar his bladder any further by putting it through one now. Kakarot sat up after a moment, and Vegeta could breathe a little easier. He was fine. He’d just… Gotten sick somehow.

He’d only seen Kakarot become spontaneously dazed like that a few times before. The cause had always been hunger. Vegeta couldn’t imagine THAT was the cause here, though. Kakarot had eaten a ton on the way over.

Kakarot apologized for his loss before sitting beside Vegeta. Without Kakarot’s condition to distract him, Vegeta’s own returned to the forefront of his mind. He felt more free to fidget with Kakarot there and Piccolo on his way towards the ring. His legs crossed once more, thighs tensing.

Kakarot glanced at him for what couldn’t have even been a full second.“Vegeta’s gonna have to fight him next, so if you can wear Frost down even a little bit, that will be a big help,” he told Piccolo.

That was enough of a confirmation; Kakarot had noticed.

As Piccolo began his battle, Vegeta tried to ignore his increasing need. He focused himself on the mystery of what had happened to Kakarot. Was he actually coming down with some kind of virus? But, Vegeta felt fine, and he’d been glued to the idiot’s side for ages now. Surely if Kakarot was sick, Vegeta should have been feeling unwell too, right?

The battle continued, and Vegeta grimaced when Bulma’s weird purple friend, Jaco, sat beside him. This guy was one of the few left who didn’t know about Vegeta’s situation, he would prefer it if it stayed that way. But, now that they were so close and Vegeta still couldn’t bring himself to uncross his legs… He glared. “Yes, what is it?”

“I can just see better from here, that’s all,” Jaco informed.

Vegeta did his best to ignore him, as well as his bladder. He kept up some conversation with Kakarot as a means to distract himself, but by that point the pressure was starting to solidify, the tingling had turned into a dull hum.

At least it looked like Piccolo was winning, that meant this would be over with soon. Vegeta was starting to dread the inevitability of his own turn coming. There was no chance that Piccolo would last until the end, allowing Vegeta to just keep sitting here as he endured his need. He’d have to enter the ring eventually, have his body get battered around as he fought just as hard to keep his desperation from showing as he did against his opponent.

He cursed himself. He should have been looking forward to his battles. He’d trained his ass off for this, the idea of showing off his skills to a whole new universe ought to have been exciting. But, instead, all he could think about was the increasing discomfort inside of him, the humiliation that would overtake him if he displayed it for everyone to see.

A jab in his core made his foot resume its restless tapping. This wasn’t going to end well, he could see the writing on the wall. He was filling up. He started to glance back and forth, surprising himself. He was actually trying to spot some public facilities, as if he intended to use them.

He thought he could see some in the concessions area. Could he get away with it? Everyone else was still watching Piccolo, every single person on this planet was right here. The restroom would be empty. Flecks of ice began to form around his ribs as he tried to talk himself into doing it.

What if someone else came in before he was finished— Or worse, before he’d been able to start?

The ice grew thicker.

What if Piccolo got knocked out while Vegeta was in the restroom? That would mean the rest of the tournament would be delayed by several minutes as they waited for him to get back. Everyone would be aware of what he was doing— or trying to do. Then, if he failed and had to return still full, he might end up squirming. Everyone from his own universe would KNOW what had happened to him, and everyone from the opposing team might think he had a tiny bladder that caused him to get desperate again mere minutes after he’d just relieved himself.

The ice dropped another few degrees. He folded his arms and shuddered.

Still, he tried willing himself to stand. Just as he managed to get his legs to untangle themselves, his attention was drawn back to the stage. Exactly like Kakarot before him, Piccolo suddenly looked like he was getting sick. Drowsy and dazed, Piccolo missed the shot he’d been preparing to fire off and collapsed to the ground.

Fuck.

There went Vegeta’s chance… As much as he’d LOVE to throttle someone who bore such a strong resemblance to the person he loathed the most, he wished this could have waited a while longer.

HE’D been the one to wait too long. He should have gotten up as soon as he spotted where the restrooms were. Once again, he only had himself to blame. This whole thing had been nothing BUT mistakes so far. Now, he just had to hope he could somehow maintain a modicum of poise while on that stage.

He shut his eyes. Standing up wasn’t going to feel good… Jumping down into the arena was going to be excruciating. He’d have to do this as carefully as possible.

Beside him, Jaco was claiming that Frost was using a weapon, which was responsible for Kakarot and Piccolo’s strange conditions.

Vegeta shot to his feet in a fury— Wincing hard as liquid scorched viciously against his bladder’s walls. ‘Stupid… So much for doing that carefully…’ Recovering quickly, he snapped; “Referee! Search his damn body!”

Sure enough, a needle was found in the back of Frost’s hand, which dispensed some sort of toxic venom. A needle…? Before he knew what he was doing, Vegeta’s head had snapped around to get a view of Kakarot. Of all the dirty, underhanded tactics Frost could have found, did it HAVE to be the one thing Kakarot feared most of all? Kakarot WAS a little pale now that he’d noticed the needle. Vegeta opened his mouth, then clamped it shut, the words ‘Are you okay’ dying on his lips. The fuck was getting into him?

Vegeta seethed as Vados explained certain details she’d learned about Frost’s life, details which revealed he wasn’t so different from Frieza after all, he just had a better track-record of leaving the people he terrorized alive.

The announcer declared that Frost was disqualified, but Vegeta’s fists clenched. That wasn’t good enough. How DARE that lowly creature expose Kakarot to a— H—How DARE he have the audacity to resemble Frieza so deeply? Vegeta wouldn’t tolerate it. “No need to disqualify him,” he said, knowing that he was about to make yet ANOTHER bad decision, one that would keep him away from home even longer, one that would make him into the center of everyone’s attention when he still had something he desperately wanted to hide.

But, punching this guy would feel SO good. He told himself it would feel way better than pissing would. It didn’t matter that Frost wasn’t REALLY Frieza, he was close enough that the battering would feel cathartic. “No need to disqualify him. I’d like to defeat that bastard myself.”

The announcer pointed out that Piccolo could continue, as his loss hadn’t been legitimate. And… Yes, that was what Vegeta should WANT. He should want to stay off of the stage for as long as he possibly could, able to squirm, able to keep his bladder mostly settled, less chance of his situation being noticed.

The color was only NOW returning to Kakarot’s face…

“Piccolo says he forfeits,” Vegeta snapped. “Right?”

Piccolo looked back at him and sighed. “… Yeah.”

After being granted permission, Vegeta slowly flew down into the ring. Just before he touched down on the ground, he paused, letting his feet land as gently as possible. A small shockwave went up his legs, just enough to prompt a small convulsion in his middle. His thighs tensed, but no one seemed to notice. Frost simply threatened to stick Vegeta with the same toxic needle he’d used against Kakarot and Piccolo.

When the announcer stepped in to threaten Frost with disqualification, Vegeta scoffed; “He can use whatever he wants.”

“Are you sure?”

“I will not let him leave on a technicality, he will leave because I have knocked him out!”

The second the match began, Vegeta powered up to Super Saiyan, his chi flaring warmly around him. He recalled his last fight with the actual Frieza, how well that ‘technique’ had worked out. If he could use it again, he wouldn’t have to be so preoccupied anymore. He pushed down on his pelvic muscles for a couple seconds, but nothing happened. He could sense the energy of pretty much everyone he knew here, and he was on a stage, the central focus of everybody’s attention. His bladder lurched with the desire to let go, but everything remained locked away.

Vegeta didn’t let that deter him from attacking Frost. He… He would have time to KEEP trying this method. He’d be in one of his Super Saiyan forms for as long as he was fighting, eventually something might give. Still charging his chi all around him, Vegeta launched forwards and knocked Frost out of the ring in a single blow.

Something about the speed with which he’d slammed into his opponent jarred something inside of him. First, there was an intense throb as his insides seemed to crumple, and then a slow, steady leak. Instinctively, he started to tense his thighs— Ack! No! Let it happen! He bore down on his lower muscles again, keeping the trickle going. Just as before, the liquid was vanishing before he could even feel it dampening the area around his crotch. It was working…

Just, incredibly slowly. Of course he couldn’t truly let it out in his current position. People were cheering for him, their voices loud and impossible to block out. He was releasing small spurts every other second, alternating between slight relief and aching pinches.

The announcer hurried over to check on Frost.

“Don’t worry. He’s breathing,” the second Vegeta said that, the choppy flow stopped completely. He was speaking to another person— That was more than enough to tighten the cork back into his bladder. He transformed back; He wasn’t going to get anything else out, and he needed to conserve his energy. “I intentionally pulled that last punch.”

Vegeta looked down for a second, confirming nothing was visible on his clothing. He felt a bit better, the pressure had lessened, a tiny dent made in his need. But, there was a dull pain at his tip from not being able to finish up.

***

Goku allowed Beerus to examine his body for a puncture wound and tried not to shudder. He’d had a needle in him… He hadn’t known about it at the time, but still! He felt queazy just thinking about it…

As Beerus continued to search for the spot he’d been… jabbed… Goku focused himself on Vegeta. He knew the other Saiyan wasn’t comfortable. The leg-crossing he’d been doing up here may have appeared casual to anyone else, but Goku knew it hadn’t been. Vegeta was feeling the urge, and there were still three more fights to finish, not even counting the time required to get Vegeta home from here.

Even from this distance, Goku could see a small shiver move up Vegeta’s spine. He could barely imagine the level of stress he must have been under; Being watched by so many people, the only place he could easily pee not even in this universe. This was going to be one of the biggest tests of strength Vegeta had ever been through.

Goku’s mind was spinning. He was supposed to help Vegeta when this happened to him. That was his JOB, it was a part of being Vegeta’s friend. A part of being his… Partner, or whatever the word was now… It was just a part of loving Vegeta. Like working the knots out of his shoulder, hugging him, messing with him and encouraging him to get stronger all were.

But, this time, Goku was really stumped about what he could do. Instant Transmission would not solve the problem today. He couldn’t sense ANYTHING from their own universe, especially not the tiny chi signal an employee at Capsule Corp would emit.

At the World Tournament, Goku had taken Vegeta to the restroom there and held the door shut for him so that he was guaranteed privacy. One look at the restrooms here told him THAT wasn’t possible, either. They had open doorways, nothing for Goku to keep closed.

Trying to take Vegeta to a secluded spot was also off the table. A large dome had been constructed over the entire tournament area. That would have to be removed before they could leave, he’d have to ask Vados to do it. And, no matter how much Goku wracked his brain, he couldn’t think of an excuse for why it needed to come down. He just knew Vegeta wouldn’t appreciate it if he gave the real reason to Vados.

Beerus found Goku’s wound from the… The sharp, stabby, pointy— From the… THING. Goku was going to be allowed to compete again. That was good. If Vegeta’s situation got too intense, Goku knew he could at least take over for him.

That was the only help he could hope to provide.

***

Before the next fight began, a large glass cube was constructed around the ring. The announcer explained that touching any part of the glass would count as a ring-out. Vegeta shrugged at that, unsure of the cube’s purpose, but certain he wouldn’t have too much trouble avoiding it. He just wanted the next match to commence so that he could power up again.

His bladder was not as content as it had been a few minutes ago, and the thudding ache in his opening was still there. His body was not satisfied with him letting out a light trickle when what it needed was a gushing typhoon. He tensed his legs and kept them close together as he waited impatiently.

Vegeta’s next opponent was Magetta, a massive creature that resembled a robot. Magetta was so huge, in fact, that when he landed in the ring, he caused the end Vegeta was standing on to rise up quite high into the air, like a very unbalanced scale. Vegeta barely had time to react before the ring slammed back down with a series of violent, thunderous shakes.

Oh—!

Vegeta felt like whole oceans were colliding inside his bladder, his entire midsection twisting up like a cheap balloon animal. His knees bowed inwards, his thighs ground against one another as the liquid was tossed around. He felt like an over-shaken soda can, like he’d erupt if he was given the chance. Yet, nothing managed to creep its way out of his tip, which scorched bright hot with the force of his need. He clenched his fists to keep from grabbing at himself as he rode out the horrid spasms.

He needed to power-up… It was time to try the ‘technique’ again…

Magetta proceeded to take several long sips from a cup of… Something. A drip fell to the tournament floor and sizzled oddly, but Vegeta couldn’t dwell on THAT because he’d been thrown into a panic. Was Magetta drinking to tease him? Had Magetta realized what was happening to him? Had the entirety of the other team picked up on it?! Oh, fuck, what if beings in this universe had some sort of… Heat-seeking, XRAY vision powers, and they HAD noticed him leaking during his LAST fight, so now—

Magetta began to walk towards Vegeta, his every step shaking the ground enough to make Vegeta bite back growls of pain and displeasure. Vegeta quickly got himself into the air, away from the horrific tremors and the awful effect they had upon his need. He dodged Magetta’s attacks erratically, remaining airborne. The ground was off-limits now. The ground was torture. He had to pretend he was playing that asinine game Trunks and Goten were into; The Floor Is Made Of Lava.

Above all, he had to finish this right away! He launched a kick at Magetta’s head, slamming his foot harshly against it— FUCKFUCK! That thing had to be made of some VERY strong steel— Gahhh, vibrations reverberated up Vegeta’s leg and into his bladder, making his legs cross for just a second as he tried to recover. When he looked back at Magetta, the creature’s head had been knocked down into the hollow hole within his neck.

Phew… At least that had gotten the job done…

But, Vegeta could never get THAT lucky. Magetta’s head popped back out and he seemed to be completely unscathed from the blow. DAMMIT.

Okay, okay… Vegeta had to start powering up. The spasms in his middle had NOT calmed down after that kick, he HAD to let some more out! If he could actually FINISH, that would be great! But, Magetta was moving much, much faster now, leaving Vegeta no time to concentrate and rise his chi. What was WITH this creature? His gargantuan size should have made him much slower than this! What WAS his weakness, if it wasn’t speed?

Vegeta had an idea; Maybe the glass cube had been placed over the ring because Magetta struggled against arial assaults? Yes, that made sense— The glass was meant to keep Vegeta from roaming as freely in the sky. Vegeta was already in the air, since the shaking floor was still made of bladder-annihilating lava, so he just moved up higher and started to rain down chi-blasts on his opponent.

Magetta fought back by spitting out a fiery substance; The floor was made of imaginary, metaphorical lava, but now the sky was made of ACTUAL lava. Vegeta was quickly overwhelmed by the resulting smoke, but it at least gave him some coverage to power up his energy again. To his immense relief, this was accompanied by a burst of liquid shooting down his length, disappearing immediately as the heat radiating off his body lapped it right up.

Phew… That was a significant deluge he’d just managed to release. The weird aching in his tip intensified again when it was cut off, but still… His insides felt SIGNIFICANTLY less like they were going to explode. He felt more in control of his energy, his full strength returning. He glared down at Magetta; “Don’t start thinking you have the advantage. You’re not the only one here who can boost his power.”

Vegeta continued to charge his chi, pushing hard against his lower muscles. He was getting out a small spurt every few seconds. Sometimes, he’d even let go of a larger gush, and it was hard to keep the relief off his face when that happened. He was going… More or less. With all the smoke billowing around, and his own energy vanishing all the evidence, he thought there was a chance he might actually empty out if he kept straining.

But… Something felt…

His legs were getting really warm— Oh, fuck, fuck! It had stopped working, it had stopped working! His floodgates immediately slammed closed, locking up as tight as ever. But… Wait, EVERY part of his body was getting really warm. More than warm, he was burning up! Sweat streamed off his face, down his back, from beneath his arms… It was like he’d been lit on fire! He suddenly felt incredibly dizzy, his stomach churning with nausea.

Yet, he couldn’t help but feel a little pleased. ‘Good. Keep sweating. Get rid of more water.’ That satisfaction remained for about five more seconds, then the discomfort really settled in. He was panting, so hot he thought his teeth were going to start melting. And, his throat screamed for water. The thirst was beyond any he’d ever felt before.

What was happening to him? He’d trained in extreme heat before, and he had PLENTY of experience with being dehydrated. Why was it hurting him so much more this time? Why did he feel like he was going to pass out? Why did he feel like his insides were being broiled into soup? What WAS this?! Heat was supposed to be EASY for him, dehydration was supposed to be his norm!

Maybe chugging all that water on the way over here hadn’t been as horrible of a mistake as he’d thought; He had NEVER been more thirsty, if it was any worse he’d probably be dead.

He fought to catch his breath, his surroundings swirling. He was almost afraid to move, lest his disoriented body crash into some part of the glass cube. His bladder throbbed again, and he wondered how the fuck he could need water THIS badly when there was STILL excess fluid for his body to get rid of.

He dimly heard Kakarot shouting at him, telling him to move back down to the ground, something about the air being too thin up here, fresh air only able to enter the cube through gaps at the bottom. Vegeta could barely breathe… But… The floor was still shaking, still poised to punish him. “I won’t let you tell me how to fight! I will not be grounded! If my oxygen’s running out, that means I just need to deal with this quickly!”

Magetta kept releasing huge bouts of steam, increasing the temperature by the second. Vegeta gushed sweat, his throat feeling like it was made of dust as his entire body was dried out— Except for the one part that he WANTED to dry out! As he fought for air, licked his dry lips with his cotton-like tongue, and drenched himself in his own perspiration, his bladder REMAINED one of his most prominent discomforts.

He needed to go… He needed water… How could he need BOTH of those things so immensely at the same time? Why didn’t his body have some fail-safe mechanism to re-use the liquid it had already dumped into his bladder?! That was such a major design flaw!

Water… Water… Oh, he needed something cold and wet, pouring down his droughty throat. He was fantasizing about tall glasses of melon soda, ice clinking, condensation trickling down the sides… His bladder protested the liquid imagery, his throat pleaded for them to become a reality.

His paradoxical pains were driving him insane as he continued trying to fight, trying to put an end to the torment.

***

Goku watched anxiously. This was really, really bad. Vegeta was getting VERY dehydrated in there. Goku could see his face glimmering with sweat, his shoulders heaving with the effort it took for him to breathe.

Vegeta was going to have to drink something after this. Goku was NOT going to let him continue if he didn’t. He was going to put his foot down. He knew Vegeta already had to pee, but he was in DANGER now. If he didn’t put some fluid into his body, Goku didn’t even want to THINK about what would happen to him.

He mentally prepared himself for the argument he was sure would be coming, Vegeta’s insistence that he didn’t need a drink, his refusals. If Goku had to physically pin Vegeta down and FORCE water into him, he’d do it. This wasn’t gonna be negotiable.

***

Eventually, Vegeta seemed to have been knocked out of the ring, the announcer had to come to his side to make sure. Vegeta was balancing one foot on something very small, his other foot raised in the air so that it didn’t touch the dirt below. The position put a great deal of strain on his lower body. As if that weren’t bad enough, he had to hold very still as the announcer looked him over. Tears scorched at the backs of his eyes.

He couldn’t move… He couldn’t let himself move a single muscle, or else he’d fall off the tiny object his foot was perched on. He couldn’t lower his other foot, the bend in his leg adding what must have been pounds of pressure to his bladder. He wanted to cross his legs together, he wanted to give the bloated organ at least a little support. His opening was stinging, he felt like he might leak, but without his chi flaring that would be disastrous. His spine tensed, shudders starting to ripple up and down his body.

His thirst clawed at him, he was woozy. The corners of his vision were darkening. Even remaining upright was hard, maintaining THIS position… He couldn’t do it for much longer. He was going t—

Finally, the announcer noted that Vegeta was standing atop a small piece of the damaged ring, meaning he hadn’t fallen out of bounds and could keep fighting. Vegeta hurried back into the ring, furious now. This was humiliating! His opponent was barely touching him, just finding ways to use his own body against him, his own needs. Magetta was using Vegeta’s need for water, his need for water, and— hopefully unknowingly— his need for the bathroom, to take him down.

He would not be defeated by such tactics! He glowered at the announcer as an idea formed. “The rule is we can’t touch the barrier, right?”

“Uh, yeah,” the announcer nodded.

“That works.” With that, Vegeta took off into the sky again and began to charge himself up as much as he could. As his chi reached blistering levels, his bladder gave out for almost five full seconds, a wave of relief. Vegeta sighed, finally experiencing a physical sensation that WASN’T horrid for once.

If he weren’t already so red-faced from overheating, he would have started to blush. He course-corrected, turning the sigh into one of his usual screams as his energy built up more and more, until it finally became enough to shatter the glass making up the Torture-Cube.

That time, when he sighed, he didn’t try to cover it up. He felt SO much better… He’d gotten a bit of the burden out of his bladder, and now he wasn’t on fire anymore! His body was still screeching for water, but now that the obstacle of the cube was gone, he knew he could get rid of Magetta soon and finally get a drink.

His bladder cramped at the thought and he winced. But, at that point, his thirst actually outweighed his need to urinate… By a LOT.

***

Goku watched as Vegeta unleashed one of the most powerful moves he’d ever seen, obliterating much of the ring and knocking Magetta right out of it. Goku swallowed hard, aware of what was coming next as Vegeta dizzily made his way back onto their platform. ‘Sorry, buddy. You HAVE to drink n—‘

“I need some water,” Vegeta gasped, the first words out of his mouth.

Goku’s heart warmed with immense pride. He… He hadn’t needed ANY prompting. No arguing. No convincing. He was just giving his body what it so badly needed. ‘Wow. Great job, Vegeta,’ he thought, watching as Whis conjured a huge jug of water, passing it into Vegeta’s eager grasp.

Vegeta dumped the water into his mouth, guzzling it down as fast as his throat could move, some of it spilling down his front and graciously cooling him. Ahhhh…. Oh, that was Heavenly. The water tasted so crisp, so refreshing. He felt alive as it poured into him.

All too quickly, the jug was empty. He was still a little parched, though nowhere near the agony he’d suffered in the torture-cube. He wanted more water. He wanted to drink his own weight in it. He wanted to drink until he sprouted gills. He—

‘Easy, easy now…’ Vegeta thought. ONE jug had been necessary. He could function again now, another one would be pushing it. He had to remember his bladder— As if he could forget about it when it was still pulsating, and its exit pathway was still aching with confusion from all the stopping-and-starting he’d been doing.

He wished he could just get it ALL out, in one continuous stream. These spurts were better than nothing, sure, but his pelvic muscles were getting sore from all the pushing and clamping, loosening and tightening.

Since Vegeta had destroyed a good portion of the stage, there was a delay before starting the next match. A delay which gave Vegeta’s bladder enough time to reach its critical capacity again, and Bulma to fuss all over him, dabbing sweat off his face and neck. “Now, remember, you have Goku as back-up so there’s no need to overdo it,” she said.

What was THAT supposed to mean? He wan’t overdoing ANYTHING. He was FINE. His midsection felt really weird, his abdominals contracting without him telling them to, but that wasn’t a big deal. It didn’t mean anything was wrong! “Ugh. Great advice, will you please go sit down?”

He wasn’t going to sit out the next fight. The only times he’d felt ANY relief today were when he was charging himself up and free to leak. He still had more liquid to get rid of! He waited tensely for the next match to begin, swaying his weight from side to side. He knew it didn’t look natural, but he was a Saiyan— Surely it made sense for him to be hopping around as he waited for a battle, right? He was just excited, that was all…

Kakarot stood beside him and whispered; “How are you holding up, Vegeta?”

Vegeta grimaced. “The Namekian is here,” he reminded sharply. “He has super hearing.”

“But, he knows already,” Kakarot pointed out, making Vegeta groan. “The only two people up here who don’t know are Beerus and Monaka, right?”

“I would prefer to keep it that way.”

“That’s why I’m whispering!”

“Ugh… I… I’m… The shaking stage didn’t do me any favors in the last round,” Vegeta mumbled. “And, I just had a lot of water.”

“You NEEDED to,” Kakarot emphasized. “And, I’m very proud of you for doing that. You’re taking care of yourself.”

Vegeta sighed, ankles rubbing. “I just hope I don’t start regretting it any more than I already am.”

***

Vegeta’s next fight was against Cabba, the small Saiyan he’d met earlier. Cabba still reminded Vegeta of his brother— He was irritatingly polite as they entered the ring. No threats, no trash-talking, nothing. Even the way he stood was like Tarble, timid and unsure of himself.

Vegeta’s legs pressed together, eager to get started so that he could get a little more liquid out of his system. Maybe he’d even get empty, what a nice feeling THAT would be. “No holding back here, you give it your all.”

As they began, Cabba took the same fighting stance Vegeta usually did— The very one he’d taught to Tarble. A wince formed on Cabba’s face as he moved his legs apart. He was intimidated. Good. Even though Vegeta was a bit shaky, he was STILL a force to be reckoned with for his opponents!

For whatever reason, he felt compelled to let Tarb— CABBA start, to show him what he could do. He regretted this within the minute. Cabba was shorter than Vegeta, he was the perfect height for all of his punches to land in Vegeta’s lower stomach. Once a particularly hard hit rammed its way against his bladder, Vegeta grunted, squeezed his thighs and grasped Cabba’s wrists holding them in place as he growled; “Hey, pace yourself now!”

He launched his own series of attacks against Cabba. Cabba gasped a few times when Vegeta throttled his abdomen. ‘Yeah, let’s see how you like it… Knocking the wind out of you, aren’t I?’

“N—Not there…” Cabba grunted.

“Tough.”

Cabba dashed back, away from Vegeta’s hits, and started to prepare with an attack that resembled Vegeta’s Galick Gun. Vegeta countered with his own, and the blasts collided, pushing against each other.

“In my natural state, we’re evenly matched!” Vegeta noted. “At this level the fight won’t end any time soon.” His bladder jolted hard at those words, they sounded much too threatening to it.He had to either start charging up, or finish this thing. “Let’s take this match up to Super Saiyan!”

Cabba froze and pulled back. “You mean that transformation from earlier?”

“Yes, that’s the one,” Vegeta said, eager to put his OWN transformation in motion, the possibility of relief it brought was all too enticing.

But Cabba was just STANDING there.

“What are you waiting for?” Vegeta prompted.

“I’m sorry, I don’t know how,” Cabba admitted. His shoulders and legs trembled a little.

What? How did Cabba get chosen for this if he couldn’t even go Super Saiyan yet?! “Are you actually telling me you can’t even turn Super Saiyan?”

More silence, Cabba fidgeted, his knees rubbing as he looked away.

“Well?”

“I’m begging you, Vegeta sir,” Cabba blurted out. “Teach me. Teach me how to transform, like you do.”

Ugh… How ridiculous. Almost as ridiculous as his brother turning up at his house unprompted to ask for the same thing… “We are in the middle of a fight here!” Vegeta reminded. How would he even DO that?! Yes, he’d taught Tarble how to do it, but he wouldn’t use THAT method again. He didn’t even think Cabba NEEDED to piss right now— lucky bastard— so forcing him to have an accident so that he’d become enraged wouldn’t even work.

“Show me how, it would mean so much!”

“Oh, would it? You disappoint me!” Vegeta said. There were plenty of OTHER ways to provoke a Saiyan’s anger. And Cabba WASN’T his brother, so it should be easy to do it this way, too. “Asking your opponent for a lesson, in the midst of battle! It’s shameful, you’re a disgrace! You dare call yourself a Saiyan?”

Vegeta himself transformed, he pressed down on his lower muscles, eager for the first droplets to begin spilling forth. But… They didn’t. He pushed and pushed, and received NOTHING for the effort. It must have been because Tarble was staring straight at him.

…

No, Cabba. CABBA was staring straight at him, that was why he couldn’t pee. Cabba, unblinking… With that shocked, hurt expression…

Vegeta shook that off and began to attack, throwing Cabba around and shouting at him. The whole time, he was doing his best to let go. He was kicking Cabba into the air repeatedly, requiring him to outstretch his leg, Cabba making harsh contact with it every time he crashed back down. It was sending awful reverberations through his bladder, the walls contracting, squeezing hard— He wasn’t even trying to fight against that, he WANTED the spill to happen, yet it just… Wouldn’t.

Eventually he heard Cabba mutter; “I give up…”

Vegeta grabbed him up by the collar and glared at him, feeling his shoulders trembling. Staring directly into someone’s eyes like this when his body was so full… Could Cabba see the desperation on his face? “If you quit on me, I will kill you! And once I’m finished with you, I’ll blow your stupid planet to smithereens! But first I’ll hunt down and murder, one by one, every last member of your family. For them, it won’t be quick.”

Finally… Cabba sparked with energy and his hair glowed gold. “If you do anything to my home planet, or anything to my family, I will make you pay! You will suffer, Vegeta! That much, I can promise you!”

Cabba released another barrage of punches, and Vegeta was more focused on keeping them away from his bladder than anything else. His knees crumpled again, thighs squeezing as he found himself stuck in an agonized curtsey, liquid battering his opening, but refusing to move the rest of the way to freedom as his chi flared all around him.

Was it such a good idea to help Cabba after all? He was much, MUCH harder to keep up with now, and Vegeta’s need already had him moving a bit slower than usual. After Cabba gave him one more punch to the face, he shoved him aside.. “Alright, that will do. Don’t forget that sensation.”

Cabba stumbled again, hopping up and down on his heels.“You mean…?”

Once again, Vegeta thought of his brother. Somehow, Cabba didn’t notice his first transformation happening, either. “The best trigger for the Super Saiyan transformation is anger. So, hold on to that feeling you just had.”

“Right.”

“Good. Now try it again.” Dammit… Why was he dragging this out?! His lower stomach was starting to feel like it was full of lead… So firm and heavy inside him. “Turn into a Super Saiyan.”

Cabba hesitated, one of his feet tapping against the concrete floor of the stage. “Uh…”

“What are you waiting for?” Vegeta snapped. “I said turn! Don’t make me say it again!”

“Y—Yes!” Cabba stuttered. “Okay!”And, he re-entered the form with ease.

Good… Vegeta didn’t have any reason to continue the lesson now. He went straight into Super Saiyan Blue, straining his abdominals as hard as he could. He felt a drop slip out, but all it did was tease him when nothing else followed it. Cabba was staring at him in awe… Vegeta couldn’t… He couldn’t… Wet himself when someone was looking at him like THAT! Even if it WOULD be invisible!

“That looks really powerful…” Cabba commented, and that was the last thing he was able to say before Vegeta knocked him out.

Minutes later, Vegeta was crouched beside Cabba and pouring some water onto him to wake him back up. He grit his teeth and cringed against the awful noise— so, SO much like what he yearned to do that he palmed his crotch for a second. He quickly tore the hand away as Cabba blinked back into consciousness.

Cabba sat up, brows raising and eyes widening, he glanced down between his legs for a fraction of a second, and then back up at Vegeta.

Vegeta’s bladder was still cramping from being forced to watch and listen to the stream of water. He found that he couldn’t get back to his feet quite yet, staying hunched beside Cabba, his body twitching under the pressure while he gave him a few more parting words of encouragement.

Vegeta was beyond uncomfortable, and thankful that he only had ONE opponent left. Maybe this next guy would be nice and easy. Maybe, since he won’t be giving them an impromptu lesson, he’ll be able to let go while powering up. Maybe… Maybe this won’t be too bad.

It was worse.

His next opponent was a tall, purple humanoid creature named Hit, and Vegeta transformed into Super Saiyan Blue as soon as the match began. He was dismayed when nothing managed to escape from his tip as he charged— Not even a little droplet to taunt him. Something about the way Hit was staring at him… It shoved the cork deep, DEEP into his bladder, and no amount of pushing could dislodge it.

Vegeta tried holding himself very, VERY still. If he restrained himself from fidgeting— Even a LITTLE— then maybe the liquid would begin to pump out. If he did NOTHING to hold it back, if he encouraged it to just HAPPEN…

It wasn’t working. Hit was still staring at him with that unsettling look, completely locking Vegeta up, his heart was beginning to thunder, his chest clenching and icing over… Ugh, where was this cold, frigid feeling back in the torture-cube when he’d actually NEEDED it?! It was doing NOTHING for him now…

He had to just get this finished then, so that he’d be another step closer to getting home. But, as soon as he tried to attack, Hit was ALREADY punching him, hard enough to knock him harshly to the ground. The impact was BRUTAL— Beyond brutal. A twinge appeared in his lower back. Oh, fuck… No. PLEASE no…

The threatening feeling remained, a dull hum.. He knew what it could turn into. A moan escaped his lips, his hands frantically brushing his back, like he could make the sensation disappear before it got any worse.

“Give up now,” Hit suggested.

Vegeta’s body blared with need, telling him that this was an excellent suggestion— It was the right thing to do! He needed to tap out! He needed to let Kakarot take it from here, so that he could just go sit down and curl into a little ball of pain as he waited for this to end.

He refused to listen. “Yeah, right! You’re pretty cocky for someone who’s landed a single blow!” He fought back to his feet, twitching from head to toe as he powered back up, still unable to go.“I’m gonna end this fight now!”

Just like before, Hit moved so quickly Vegeta couldn’t even see him, and he was throttled to the ground. The earthquakes sent through his bladder were even worse this time, the aches in his back ratcheted up a further few notches, stinging, throbbing, climbing higher…

When he got up, his hands almost went between his legs, he barely managed to keep them away. Hit continued to overwhelm him. Vegeta just couldn’t understand, he’d fought fast opponents before, but it was like Hit was popping in and out of existence. Every blow came with more painful jolts through his abdomen, it didn’t matter WHERE Hit’s fists made contact, Vegeta always felt it in his bladder. He was just so, so full, and he couldn’t leak at all!

Every time he recovered, he had to FORCE himself not to squeeze at his dick, the only reason he was able to resist was the knowledge of all the eyes that were on him. The more Hit overpowered him, the more taut his holding muscles grew, and the harder it became to let go of a dribble. Vegeta finally tried to charge up one of his most powerful attacks, but the next thing he knew, Hit had slammed him RIGHT in the bladder. He crumpled to the ground, writhing and rolling onto his front so that he could finally, FINALLY hold himself without anyone spotting the action.

Oh, oh… Oh, pain… His back was scorching now, caustic agony sloshing through it. His eyes were watering, he was drooling as he tried to just breathe. He needed to use his hands to push himself back onto his feet, but he couldn’t budge them from between his legs. This was excruciating, this was… This was humiliating… Everyone was watching, and he just COULDN’T get back up and pretend he was okay anymore…

He needed… He needed a minute… Just a minute…

***

Goku’s eyes widened in panic as he watched Vegeta crumple and then NOT get back up again. That blow had gotten him right in the— Oh, Vegeta couldn’t keep going like this. He needed to stop, before something got seriously damaged. Bulma had TOLD Goku that it was possible for a bladder to rupture, THIS could do it…

What if that happened to Vegeta now? Where was the closest planet with a hospital?! Would they speak in a language Goku could understand there?! Would the doctors even know anything about Saiyans?!

Vegeta had to stop, he had to get out of there. He had to let Goku come pick him up and set him down here while they tried to come up with a way to get him drained out. He couldn’t keep this up, he was going to break something.

It was Goku’s turn to get so tense that his body shook. He turned towards the other platform, meeting Bulma’s eyes. She looked similarly panicked. She too realized the danger Vegeta was in.

To Goku’s side, Whis commented that it looked like Hit was capable of expertly targeting all of Vegeta’s vital areas.

‘Yeah, he sure is…’ Goku thought. ‘Please stop this, Vegeta…’

***

“You only have one option left; Surrender.” Hit informed.

“No!” Vegeta spat. “I will not!” He kept trying to get up, coughing, twitching, shuddering. He would not let… He would not let his BLADDER defeat him. His bladder was the thing dealing him the MOST damage. If it weren’t for that stupid thing, he’d probably be doing FINE against his opponent, he’d figure out how Hit was able to move so fast and how to counteract it.

As it was, his whole midsection alight with horrific needy spasms, of course he was struggling! He finally reached his feet again, and re-entered his Super Saiyan Blue form. It was driving him absolutely insane that his bladder wouldn’t just release. He was filled BEYOND the brim, it should have been gushing out, it should have been spraying with reckless abandon as his chi evaporated it all away as if it had never existed in the first place.

But, it just WOULDN’T!

He charged Hit again, and received ANOTHER slam to his bladder, this one even harder than the last. Shaking so much he looked like his limbs were spring-loaded, and coughing out a mouthful of bile, Vegeta grabbed Hit’s wrist. Pinning him in place was the ONLY way to keep up with him, but… He was pinning his fist into his bladder, driving it even more sharply into the pulsing, consistently surging centerpiece of his misery. His bladder was so full that it had turned rock-hard, the fist chipping against stone. Tears sprang to his eyes again. The space where his kidneys resided felt like it had been gouged apart and rubbed with hot peppers.

Still, NOTHING spurted from his tip, every drop remained, steadfast in their desire to put him through Hell.

“J—Just like that,” Vegeta gritted out. “I h—have n—neutralized your advantage!” He tried to punch Hit in the face, but was stopped just short by the single worst, most agonizing, most extreme, most grievous, most searing pain he had ever, EVER felt in his entire life. Nothing else even came CLOSE to the wretched misery exploding in his lower stomach now.

Hit, instead of staying pinned in place like a DECENT opponent, had used the position Vegeta had placed him in to his advantage… By driving his fist deep, deep, DEEP into Vegeta’s gut, grinding it into the sensitive, spasming, shattering stone of his detonating bladder. Vegeta lost his Super Saiyan state as his vision blurred, gasping, sputtering, and leaking just enough for it to hurt when his bladder clamped up again. “H—How… D—Do you do th—this…?”

***

Goku shot to his feet when he saw Vegeta collapse— He’d lost consciousness. Even more concerning than that, he hadn’t… He was still… There wasn’t a puddle forming around him. He was STILL holding it in. That was NOT good.

He knew he shouldn’t have been hoping for Vegeta to pee right there where he was. He could not IMAGINE how Vegeta would feel when he woke up and discovered he’d been knocked out by his opponent and had then WET himself in front of all these people, but he needed to get EMPTY. It didn’t matter how!

Goku started to rush to the edge of the platform, but Beerus snapped at him not to. If he entered the ring before he’d been called, he’d be disqualified. “We can’t have that!” Beerus scolded.

Goku wanted to fight this Hit guy, too. His power was really exciting, it was sure to be one of the best fights of Goku’s entire life. He was tingling just thinking about it! But… But, Vegeta…

“W—We’d still have Monaka!” Goku pointed out. “I need to make sure Vegeta’s okay!”

For some reason, reminding Beerus of Monaka didn’t calm him down. “He’ll be FINE. Sit down! Look, some of your other friends are already going to him.”

Goku sat down reluctantly, tapping his feet and fidgeting. His heart was beating rapid-fire. Did his bladder get ruptured? How did they fix that?!

***

Vegeta came to, surrounded by Goten, Trunks and Krillin. It took him a second to remember what was actually going on, because the MAIN thing he registered was how fucking BAD he needed a damned bathroom.

But, that was right, he had to hold it. He was in a different universe. So, so far from home… From relief. All that existed anymore was pain.

“Dammit! What a waste of time…” He needed HELP standing up, but he was so miserable he barely felt humiliated by it. His middle was sore as fuck even after the senzu bean Krillin had given him. Of course it was, the physical injury wasn’t the true source of his pain.

As he stumbled out with the others, Kakarot landed in front of them. He asked Vegeta if he had any tips for fighting Hit, and Vegeta grumbled “Don’t lose…” What he really wanted to do was ask Kakarot to take him home. He would do ANYTHING to be at home right now. He’d get down on his knees and BEG if he had to…

But, even if he did, it wouldn’t make a difference. They were too far from home. His whole family was already here, too, even Bulma’s parents. No familiar chis for Kakarot to look for.

“Hey, Vegeta?” Kakarot said.

“What do you want?”

“I’ll try to do this real fast, okay? Promise.”

Vegeta huffed, but he couldn’t keep the gratitude off his face. “… You’d better.”

Vegeta made it back to the platform. He sat down, and squirmed for all he was worth. His legs crossed again, he leaned forwards and back, he tapped his feet. He was panicking internally. He had never been this far from relief AND this desperate for it. The wait stretched out in front of him endlessly. It was beginning to feel like he’d never urinate again, he’d just keep getting fuller and fuller indefinitely, the pain breaking his brain and body to bits.

Kakarot was keeping up with Hit far better than Vegeta had. He ought to have been pleased by that, but he didn’t like seeing that Kakarot had surpassed him yet again. ‘It’s easier to go second!’ he thought. ‘He used my fight to study Hit’s moves!’

Piccolo sat beside him. Vegeta tried not to seethe as he thought of the Namekian’s body— Its lack of a bladder. Piccolo would never have to feel a pain like this.

“Vegeta,” Piccolo started.

“What?!” Vegeta scowled.

“… Never mind…”

‘Yeah,’ Vegeta thought. ‘You’d BETTER shut up…’ He looked back towards the fight, alternating between crossing his legs and bouncing his knees. He watched as Hit drove his fist deeply into Kakarot’s lower belly. Kakarot crumpled over in pain, but actually recovered from it, unlike Vegeta. ‘Oh sure, it’s really easy to take that shot when your bladder isn’t on a mission to kill you, right Kakarot?’

Vegeta had his arms folded, gripping them hard, fighting the urge— the NEED— to shove his hands between his legs. He already knew he looked desperate, his inability to hold still was enough of a give away. Piccolo was still glancing at him every so often, as was Whis. When he caught Beerus shooting him odd looks, Vegeta felt like his soul was trying to leave his body.

He looked across to the other platform, where everyone else was seated. He thought some of them were beginning to notice as well. He hoped they were just concerned because of how he’d been knocked out, but he doubted it. He was being so obvious!

He really, really just couldn’t help it anymore, though. His bladder had settled down a LITTLE bit from the brutal squishing it had been forced to survive earlier, but not enough. His back was still aching, his stomach lurched with every throb from below. It was hard to even watch the fight, his distress was so extensive that his vision was blurring and swirling.

Every second was its own fight just to get through without grabbing himself or vocalizing his harrowing pain. Every moment dragged on for what felt an hour. Every part of his body was firing with waves of acute, raging torment, every nerve-ending screaming.

He spotted Bulma, and remembered that she’d brought his capsule. He’d never wanted it so badly before. His turn in the tournament was finished, so he had the time to grab it. But, he’d have to— somehow— get himself to fly over there and ask. He didn’t know if he could get into the air anymore, nor did he want everyone near Bulma to learn about that capsule. He bit down on his lip. Fuck, he barely CARED about that at this point! Let them all know about it— Let them all know that Bulma had built a special capsule SPECIFICALLY so that Vegeta could have somewhere to take a piss. He didn’t fucking care, he just needed THIS to stop.

But… The glass dome encasing the tournament’s area… He’d need to get rid of it before he could rush to a decent spot to go. His chi felt… Numb, he could barely manipulate it. He wouldn’t be able to BLAST his way out. He’d have to ASK Vados, a person he barely knew.

… He couldn’t do it.

Vegeta’s back raged and seared, and he was jolted to his feet, pacing restless circles around the platform, and occasionally stopping at the edge to pretend he was still just observing the fight. The change in position helped for a while, but then the harrowing violence throttled beneath his ribs again and he had to sit back down to cross his legs tightly. After a few minutes of THAT, sitting down became too painful, so he had to get up again… Over and over… His humiliation grew heavier, leaden and massive. He had to keep himself in one spot, he had to act natural…

But, there was nothing natural about the dense pressure racking his body. His middle looked beyond bloated when he gazed down to check. A solid lump of brutal need that he could do nothing to dislodge.

The only times he could even PARTIALLY drag his focus away from his bladder were the moments in which Kakarot was knocked over or looked like he was hurt. His heart would skip a beat and the savage stabs being gouged into his abdomen would slow down for a second. Of all the things that COULD have distracted him, only the sight of Kakarot in danger could actually do it.

Dammit.

Stupid Kakarot…

Kakarot used a move Vegeta recognized; his Kaioken technique. Vegeta recalled the first time he’d seen him employ it, his power inexplicably multiplying so quickly Vegeta couldn’t counter him at all. At the time, Vegeta had never been more pissed off in his life, he’d wanted Kakarot DEAD.

If someone had told him back then that, eventually, he’d be so comfortable falling asleep with Kakarot’s arms around h—

Vegeta’s thoughts were interrupted when a massive energy blast managed to shake the whole planet and, with it, the ocean inside his body. His eyes widened with panic, and his hands found their way to his crotch, squeezing down hard enough to hurt, but that was still nothing compared to the intense Hell of his need. He let go as soon as the dust cleared away, only to be punished with unbearable, shooting pangs in his opening. He grabbed himself again. He couldn’t stop himself anymore.

He tried to move his hands away any time he noticed Piccolo, Whis or Beerus looking at him, but there were a few times where he failed to do it in time. They’d definitely noticed it. They’d noticed that he was clutching at his crotch, so helpless against the terrible need to urinate. So… Pathetic… Putting it on full display…

His whole body was vibrating, twisting, pounding with harrowing hurt. He had forgotten what it felt like not to be exploding. The torture was so complete that even his embarrassment was starting to fade— Concepts like ‘pride’ and ‘composure’ were much too abstract to his sickeningly overburdened body. All he could understand was the pain. All he could—

Kakarot asked if the rules for the tournament could be lifted.

Vegeta could still understand what THAT meant.

He snapped back to reality. If the rules were lifted, that meant Hit could KILL Kakarot. Kakarot could die again. Vegeta’s shuddering worsened, but for an entirely new reason. “Kakarot, what the Hell do you think you’re doing?”

“I really wanna fight Hit at his full power, and that’s the only way he’s gonna be able to do that!” Kakarot shouted back.

Idiot… Did he have no regard for his own life?! Vegeta’s chest buzzed with a greater anxiety than he’d felt all day. His whole body went cold, like he’d been dunked into a vat of ice water. The bands of tension wrapped around his bladder, making it so he could only take in tiny puffs of air without worsening his suffering.

Beerus and Champa began to argue over whether or not the rules could be lifted. Ugh, no… ANOTHER fucking delay, how long was this—

The rules COULDN’T be lifted, though! This was more important than Vegeta’s stupid bladder.

Kakarot watched Beerus and Champa bicker for a couple minutes, then he looked back into the stands. His eyes locked with Vegeta’s, his brows furrowed.

Then, he went to the edge of the ring and jumped out.

“Hey!” The announcer exclaimed.

“Look, I fell outta the ring,” Kakarot pointed out. “See?”

The announcer paused. “… Well, as far as I can tell, the rules are still in effect, which means Contestant Hit is the winner!”

Kakarot powered down, and cried out in pain, doubling over. Vegeta’s eyes widened; Kakarot was hurt a lot worse than he’d thought. What a foolish moron, asking for the rules to be suspended when he was already THAT badly damaged.

Piccolo went to collect Kakarot and bring him back onto the platform. Kakarot collapsed beside Vegeta, moaning and clutching at his arms, a series of brutal spasms apparently taking hold.

Vegeta, his legs still crossed as tight as possible, grumbled; “You idiot.”

“Well, I guess after that, Kaioken might need to go back on the shelf for a little while,” Kakarot decided. He stared at Vegeta’s twitching, sweat-soaked body. “…Vegeta, how are you holding u—”

Kakarot was interrupted by Beerus shouting at him for dropping out.

Kakarot shrugged; “Don’t forget, we still have Monaka,” he said. “And he’s even stronger than me!”

Piccolo muttered something beneath his breath.

“What’s wrong?” Vegeta asked, fanning his knees in and out.

“You’ll see,” Piccolo groaned.

Vegeta watched as Monaka entered the ring— The sight made him feel a little less embarrassed about all his restless fidgeting. Monaka was seriously twitching even more than Vegeta was!

“Go get him, Monaka!” Kakarot cheered. He leaned in and quietly whispered to Vegeta; “Monaka’ll get this done way faster than I could.”

Vegeta felt a small rush of comfort when Kakarot got closer to him, frustrated by how the idiot could put him slightly more at ease just by… BEING there. He continued to give Kakarot pleading looks without intending to, as if Kakarot could actually get him out of here and to relief. What did he expect Kakarot to DO? He was trapped, there was no way out.

But, somehow, having Kakarot beside him quelled a bit of the panic that caused.

In the ring, Monaka punched Hit once and Hit was immediately sent flying from the ring.

Vegeta stared at the scene in awe. Hit had TORTURED him, and he’d pushed Kakarot beyond his limits. How did that tiny creature take him out with one move?!

“Uh… That’s a ring-out,” the announcer sounded confused as well. “Contestant Monaka wins!”

How the—

Oh, whatever! It was FINALLY over. Vegeta was one step closer to relief! He just had to get through the voyage back home… He could do that! He could DEFINITELY do that! Yep! No question about it!

…

Perhaps Kakarot could teleport him the rest of the way home once they were close enough to Earth? Oh, please, please, let him be able to manage that! Let Kakarot somehow be able to sense the tiny chi of a Capsule Corp worker and bring him home the second they’d reached their own universe. Please… Please…

On the other side of the arena, it looked like Champa was preparing to destroy Hit as punishment for losing. Kakarot stood up to protest, cringing with pain as his muscle cramps apparently took hold of him again. Vegeta wasn’t too concerned until it seemed Champa intended to kill Tarble as well.

No.

Not Tarble! Cabba!

Vegeta shouldn’t CARE if Cabba was—

Before Champa could kill either one of them, he was stopped short by the arrival of a weird, tiny, blue and purple creature on the stage. The creature’s sudden appearance caused both Champa AND Beerus to panic, and Vegeta along with them.

ANOTHER fucking delay?!

This was never going to end, was it? Obviously, THIS universe enjoyed torturing him just as much as his own did! How was THAT fair?! He hadn’t even done anything WRONG in this universe— How could it decide it hated him already?! It had barely gotten to know him!

Okay… His desperation was officially driving him insane now…

Beerus explained who the creature was. His name was Zeno, and he was the ruler of all twelve universes. Vegeta cringed. If someone like that had come here, it must be for something serious… Something TIME-CONSUMING.

Vegeta was never going to get relief, was he? This was just his life now. He didn’t think he’d mind a few leaks now, even without his chi flaring to hide it! His body wouldn’t let it happen, though! He couldn’t even be set free in THAT disgraceful way!

Everyone had to go back down into the arena to hear whatever Zeno had to say. And, before Vegeta could get there, he needed Kakarot to help him up to his feet and get him walking. His eyes watered when the shift made his bladder roll brutally.

“Vegeta,” Kakarot whispered. “I’m SO sorry, I don’t know what to do… How much does it hurt?”

“… Remember our first fight?”

“Yeah…?”

“Remember when I turned into a Great Ape and kept crushing you in my hands?”

“I do…”

“I think that’s what this feels like.”

Kakarot flinched. “I’ll… I’ll keep trying to think of something…”

The walk down to the stage was Hell. Standing there, as still as he could, while Zeno scolded Beerus and Champa for having a tournament without his permission, was Hell. Failing to hold still and beginning to tremble and rub his knees together, right in plain view of everyone, was Hell.

Zeno wasn’t too angry about the tournament, as he’d found it entertaining to watch.

He’d been watching it?

From… Where, exactly?

Could this guy just randomly peek in on anything happening, anywhere, in any universe?

Just great. One more thing to worry about.

‘Do you honestly believe that the all powerful ruler of EVERY universe is going to waste his time watching you piss?’ He asked himself. ‘Be fucking rational.’ But, the anxious feeling remained.

Zeno suggested that there should be another tournament held with all twelve universes, which of course got Kakarot excited. Vegeta swayed from foot to foot as the moron spoke with Zeno. ‘Kakarot, did you just FORGET that I need to leave NOW?!’

Thankfully, their discussion didn’t last long. But, before Vegeta could leave the stage and at least go somewhere more private to writhe and clutch at himself, Cabba came up to him. Worse, Cabba was looking at him oddly, particularly at his crossed legs. “Come to Planet Sadala whenever you want, Master. I can show you around,” Cabba offered. He was hopping in place anxiously… At least that meant Vegeta was still intimidating even with his legs tied in a knot.

“I never told you that I would be your master, pipsqueak,” Vegeta grunted. It was hard just to speak.

“Right. Sorry, Master.”

“Tch…” Vegeta shut his eyes, why hadn’t Whis announced that it was time to leave yet?! He uncrossed his legs, tapped his feet, his hands fluttered around his waist, dying to make contact with his crotch, it took everything he had not to let them. When he opened his eyes again, Cabba was staring at him.

Cabba fidgeted, doubling over a little. Ha! So, one of Vegeta’s attacks must have left him bruised, then! “Master…?’

Vegeta gritted his teeth. “What?”

“Um… Are you…” Cabba’s eyes suddenly widened, his nervous bouncing increased. “I… I’m sorry, I really need to go home now,” he said, hurrying to join the other members of his own team.

Vegeta groaned as he watched him leave. ’So do I,’ he thought. ‘But not for the same reason as you, and MY home is a lot further away!’

Everyone from the other universe departed, but Vegeta STILL couldn’t leave! Beerus wanted to know where the final Super Dragon Ball was first— Oh, fuck, was Vegeta going to have to wait until they discovered its location and retrieved it?! Was THAT what was happening now?! Hadn’t he waited long enough yet?!

Bulma’s radar displayed all of them clumped together. Upon learning this, Whis said they needed to get back onto his strange vessel.

They were leaving…? Finally? Nothing ELSE was going to appear to delay things again?!

Vegeta eagerly started walking, but this made his back erupt again and he stumbled. Kakarot was right beside him though, helping him back up. “Easy…” Kakarot whispered. “I’m gonna try and distract everyone before we leave, okay? I’ll… I’ll tell ‘em I forgot something and we gotta go back for it. Then it’ll be just us.”

That HAD to work… Vegeta would DIE if it didn’t. There was still so much to wait through! He had completely forgotten about the dragon balls. If he didn’t go here somehow, he would have to wait while the dragon was summoned. He would have to wait for a wish to be granted. He would have to wait until they got back to their universe. He would have to wait until they were back on Earth. He would have to wait until he reached his house. He would have to wait until he got to his bathroom. He would have to wait until he got his clothing apart.

He was already coming undone. He was already as desperate as possible. He would fucking DIE if he had to hold it until all of THAT was over!

He couldn’t…

He couldn’t…

They had left the tournament area and were walking through the dirt flecked barren planet when Vegeta’s body flared more wickedly than ever. His back felt like it was being smashed into billions of pieces. His stomach was twisting, threatening to make him vomit. His bladder was a sharp, bright point of agony that consumed all of his senses. He doubled over, gasping, panting, clutching at himself. And, then he had collapsed onto the ground.

In front of everyone.

Quivering, twitching, choking, hands pinned between his legs as he writhed. With EVERYONE watching. Humiliation enveloped him. He was on fire— Blushing so hard it burned. His chest iced over, and his breathing ceased. He was so pathetic! He was shameful! He was useless! Frieza’s voice whispered in his ear, delivering the very speech he’d given when Vegeta was a child and hadn’t been able to hold it.

But, he was still holding it this time! He hadn’t started to go. He couldn’t start to go, not when he felt like this, not when everyone was watching!

There was a hand on one of his shoulders, rubbing it firmly in small circles. Kakarot was massaging him, or at least trying to. “Vegeta,” Kakarot said, his voice breaking, seemingly just as nervous as Vegeta was. “You, um… You tripped, huh? It’s okay, it’s not THAT embarrassing. You must be so tired from all the fights today, you want some help getting back up?”

Vegeta couldn’t move just yet… His insides needed to settle… He took a few hesitant breaths, the exploding ball of liquid in his core protesting each inhalation.

“Vegeta…?” Krillin asked awkwardly.

“I’m fine,” Vegeta grunted out. Tears stung in his eyes. His throat was constricting. His whole body was on fire— He was burning up even worse than he’d been in that torture-cube! Corrosive torment was obliterating every nerve and molecule within him. “I’m fine… I’m fine…”

“You do NOT look fine.” Piccolo stated bluntly.

Vegeta was so far from fine that he’d almost forgotten the meaning of the word.“Hff… Hff…” His stomach churned, sweat and saliva pattering against the ground beneath him. Any second now, he thought he was going to start vomiting as his body tried to eject SOMETHING from its overloaded system.

“Vegeta…” Bulma said. “It’s okay…”

“…Buddy,” Kakarot rubbed his shoulder a little more, wincing as it set off another muscle spasm in his own arm. He took a deep breath. “You can… You can say it, alright?”

“S—Say what?” Vegeta couldn’t breathe, every inhale coiled tight ropes around his bladder, every exhale sent an electric shock through his opening. He’d had an easier time BREATHING in that torture-cube, too.

Krillin approached. “Listen, I know it’s probably not my place to say this—“

“Then DON’T!” Vegeta snapped.

He did it anyway. “But… You know, if you want some privacy, all you’ve gotta do is say so…”

… What.

Why wasn’t he snickering as he made that offer? Why did it sound genuine?

Vegeta somehow found a way to get his body even tenser.

“That’s right,” Tien said.

“Really,” Mrs. Briefs said. “If there’s something you need, you just have to ask for it, darling.”

“Vegeta, I must say, I cannot understand why you insist upon torturing yourself when one sentence would put an end to it,” Whis said.

They weren’t laughing, either… He was crumpled up, near tears, quivering from what should have been a simple, insignificant thing, and no one was taunting him. Kakarot’s strokes around his shoulder slowed down.

“Vegeta has the embarrassing sickness again?” Buu asked.

“Th—That’s right, Buu,” Hercule said. “Now, don’t go saying anythin’ to—“

“But sickness not Vegeta’s fault,” Buu said. “Vegeta didn’t make choice to have sickness. Why he embarrassed?”

Bulma had been telling him the truth; No one actually thought that he was pathetic because of this. No one wanted to tease him. No one wanted to exploit it or make it worse. They all knew about his Problem, and they cared… Just not in the way Vegeta had always dreaded, the way he’d always assumed. They were not ashamed of him. They were not amused by the suffering he couldn’t control.

Almost all of them, anyway…

Bulma had been telling the truth about one other thing.

“Wow, this thing really does a number on you, huh?” Yamcha asked. “Never thought I’d see you come apart like this when you aren’t even fighting, I still can’t believe THIS is your huge weakness! Of all the things it could have b—“

Vegeta found it in himself to muster up the sharpest, most menacing glare of his entire life, directed straight at Yamcha.

Yamcha yelped and fell silent.

Vegeta started to straighten back out, painful contractions assaulting him the whole time. “Pr—Privacy would be… Much appreciated, y—yes. Just… Just a few minutes to myself. Just… Just Kakarot and I…”

“Wait,” Yamcha said. “Goku can stay? Why is—“

“Wh—When I return, th—there will be severe penalties f—for anyone who mentions th—this incident ev—ever again.”

That shut him back up.

Everyone departed from the area, following Whis back to the vessel. Vegeta and Kakarot were left on their own. Just like that.

All he’d needed to do was ask…

Kakarot looked around as he helped Vegeta back upright the rest of the way. “Man, there isn’t much to stand behind out here, is there? But, hey, it’s just the two of us. I’m sure you can do this, Vegeta!”

Vegeta shakily worked to get his clothing apart, the effort like trying to solve a Rubik's cube while being held over a fire. He was going to have to do it here. There wouldn’t be any better places. There were no forests on this whole planet. Vegeta hadn’t even spotted any particularly large rocks! There was literally nothing. And, even with the others all gone, Vegeta felt exposed with nothing behind him. If he just had something solid that was a LITTLE bigger than him—

“Kakarot,” Vegeta said. “Um… Closer.”

“Closer?” Kakarot repeated, and Vegeta understood the surprise. Typically, he wanted Kakarot at least a few large steps away from him.

“Right. As there are no trees here, YOU will be filling in.”

“Um… Vegeta, just go right on the ground… If it splashes your boots, it’ll wash off…”

It took Vegeta several seconds to understand. “THAT’S NOT WHAT I— DAMMIT, KAKAROT!”

“Is that something Saiyans did on our home-planet, or—“

“NO!” Vegeta snapped. “I didn’t mean… I MEANT that YOU will provide me my cover, since I can’t stand behind a tree, you gibbering oaf!”

“Ohhhh,” Kakarot said. “Yeah. Okay. That DOES make more sense.”

Once Kakarot was positioned at his back, Vegeta aimed. He wasn’t worried about that whole ‘splashing his boots’ thing until Kakarot had mentioned it, but now he made sure his feet were spread apart.

Please… Please… Just let him go…

Nothing happened.

Vegeta whimpered. Loudly.

“You’ve got this,” Kakarot said. “I’m very proud of you. Ya did a great job today. With everything. You were SO strong, and you made a new friend, you drank water without anyone telling you to, you even asked for help! Look at how tough you’re getting, you deserve a reward, so it’s time to let yourself—“

Kakarot didn’t even need to finish, Vegeta was already going, the despicable weight being lifted off of him as his stream flowed at last, reaching its full-force within a matter of seconds. Nothing like those leaks he’d managed to shove out while powering up, which had left him feeling slightly better but never satisfied. This was nothing but satisfaction, pure, breathtaking relief. His poor midsection tingled as all the heinous knots came apart at once.

“Ahhhh…” Kakarot said. “I bet that feels better, huh?”

“Yeah…” Vegeta sighed, without thinking about it. Just the fact that he was getting it out NOW, that he didn’t have to try and make it home, was such a rewarding feeling. He never would have made it home, the pain would have overtaken him, he would have passed out again just from the agony alone. And, perhaps THAT time he would have wet himself.

But, he didn’t have to worry about that anymore. The liquid was all pumping out, spraying the dirt furiously, cutting right thr— That was kind of weird… Vegeta could see little flecks of something shiny poking through the sodden dirt, bright and glinting. He’d never been to a planet that was partially made up of glitter before, but maybe that was normal in this universe.

He couldn’t think too hard about it, he was too busy processing how good this felt, his stream was only getting faster, his body desperate to push out every drop. When he was finally finished, everything that had happened today caught up with him in fast-forward. He was EXHAUSTED. He’d fought and won three battles— one of which had been Hell—he’d been punched in one of his most sensitive areas hard enough that he’d lost consciousness, he’d endured that ridiculous exam, and he’d done it all while holding in liters of liquid. He’d started to lean back against Kakarot without noticing— Certainly without intending to!

“Done?” Kakarot asked. “Great job, Vegeta… And, wow, I can’t believe you were fighting so well with so much in there. That was a LOT even for you!”

“Sh… Shut up…” Vegeta mumbled. His lower abdomen felt sore, continuing to cramp, trying to shove out more liquid even though there was nothing left.

Goku just let Vegeta rest against him for a few more seconds. He felt almost as relieved as Vegeta must have been. Thank goodness it was all out… He wouldn’t have to worry about finding Vegeta emergency medical care after all. His arms wrapped around Vegeta.

“Kakarot…” Vegeta muttered. “What are you doing?” Their chi felt like it was mixing again, Kakarot’s soothing, calm one enveloping Vegeta’s dense, erratic one, stabilizing it. Despite himself, he sighed.

“We hugged after all our fights in the time chamber…” Goku said. “And, now I can squeeze ya without breaking your insides.”

“Ugh, what if the others come back and see this clingy nonsense of yours?!”

“You told ‘em you wanted privacy,” Goku reminded. “I really want you to know how proud of you I am for that… See? It wasn’t so bad telling everybody what you needed, was it?”

“It…” Vegeta sighed. It had been embarrassing, but… He felt so much better now… The relief was… Worth it. “It was… Not as awful as I’d thought.”

“Mm, good…” Kakarot released him and kissed his cheek.

“Tch…” Vegeta folded his arms and looked away.

“You ready to get back to the others?” Kakarot asked.

“Ye—“ Vegeta stopped himself. “YOU go, too.”

“Ob, right, yeah,” Kakarot nodded. “I’d better do that! It’s been a while since when Hit knocked the piss outta me.”

“… Dammit, Kakarot.” Vegeta groaned. So, that slam to the bladder HADN’T left him unscathed…

“Hey, I couldn’t help it!” Kakarot said, untying his belt and beginning to pee. “Ahhh…”

“Yeah? Well, you COULD have helped TELLING ME ABOUT IT!”

Kakarot laughed to himself.

Infuriating… Stupid…

***

Vegeta was nervous about returning to the vessel and seeing everyone again. Was his threat enough to keep them from saying anything? Did that even matter? What were they THINKING?!

Kakarot led him on board, and Vegeta’s eyes darted around, zeroing in on everyone’s face. No one was paying him that much attention. They’d just glance at him and Kakarot, see that they were back, and that was it…

No judgement… Absolutely none.

Vegeta stood beside Bulma as they took off and departed from the dustball planet.

“I’m proud of you,” Bulma whispered.

Vegeta looked away, trying to keep the smile off his face.

Soon, Whis revealed that the planet they’d just been on was actually the final dragon ball, peeling all the dirt and dust away.

So… Then that meant…

That meant…

The… Ground Vegeta had just… The… The weird shimmering he’d noticed as he’d…

He’d… Relieved himself on the dragon ball…

The humiliation returned with a vengeance, and his face heated. His blush intensified when Whis tried to summon the dragon and it didn’t appear right away. Had he damaged the dragon ball by… Doing THAT to it?!

Thankfully, the dragon DID appear. He hadn’t ruined it with his bodily fluids, which was now the single most embarrassing outcome this day could have had. Even pissing himself would have been better.

Beerus took the wish. He wished for a more comfortable bed.

That was such bullshit! Vegeta’s wish for a functional bladder would have been a far better use of those balls’ powers!

&&

&&

*002*2025-02-10 20:59

“That was a big step you took today, Vegeta,” Bulma said to him that night. “See? I told you no one was going to bother you.”

“It was still humiliating,” Vegeta said. He couldn’t get that mental image to go away; Laying crumpled in the dirt, incapable of walking another step, and no one having to wonder what the cause was. They all knew it instantly. And, worse still… “I… I… Did… THAT on the fucking—“

“Goku peed on the dragon ball too, didn’t he?”

“That’s different, Kakarot isn’t above such a vulgar, ridiculous action. I SHOULD be.”

“You didn’t even know at the time,” Bulma reminded. “It’s not like you did it on purpose.” She laid down beside him in the bed. “And, nobody mentioned it.”

“Just because they didn’t say anything doesn’t mean they weren’t thinking about it,” Vegeta huffed. “I thought I’d broken the damn thing when the dragon didn’t appear.”

“They’re indestructible, silly,” Bulma said. “Come on, just take the victory; You asked for help and it wasn’t the awful nightmare you’d always imagined.”

Vegeta sighed. She wasn’t wrong. Vegeta had always assumed that, if he ever broke down so dramatically, he’d hear nothing but hysterical laughter all around him, not a simple offer to make the pain stop.

“Think you can do that again?” Bulma asked. “Maybe BEFORE it gets that bad?”

Vegeta turned away. Would he be capable of that? He hadn’t exactly ASKED for help this time, he’d just gotten himself into such an awful situation that the others HAD to say something, and he’d HAD to accept what they’d proposed to him. Would he be able to make the first move, prior to his bladder becoming full enough to destroy him? “No promises.”

“Vegeta…”

“I’ll try,” he amended.

Vegeta struggled to fall asleep. It was absurd, considering how utterly worn out he was. Then, when he realized WHAT was keeping him up, it was even harder to drift off. This was the first night in a long while where he DIDN’T have Kakarot’s arms around him. He’d gotten much too used to that, and now it felt odd not having his body squeezed.

He moved closer to Bulma. Dammit, was he really… Did he actually… Did he… Maybe enjoy, ugh, ‘cuddling’ after all?!

Bulma couldn’t squeeze him like Kakarot, but he could hold onto her… He just had to be careful about it. He did feel more drowsy once he had her in his arms. How ridiculous…

Bulma had ASKED him to do this with her before, she’d told him that it was normal to want to snuggle with his own wife. Maybe for HUMANS that behavior was typical, but Saiyans weren’t meant to be cuddly. He’d only ever done this with her by accident, grabbing her in his sleep. If they were still in this position in the morning, he’d insist that was what had happened again.

It wasn’t quite the same as Kakarot’s tight embrace, but it still calmed Vegeta a great deal. Annoyingly, he couldn’t help but think that the BEST thing might be to be in-between the both of them; That might get him the best rest of his life…

***

The following day, Bulma insisted on having another party to celebrate their tournament victory. This was already a bit irritating. Vegeta was tired and not in the mood to deal with people. But, when MONAKA arrived, he gained some new information that really ticked him off. Beerus had lied about Monaka’s strength, the creature was just an intergalactic deliveryman with no fighting skills whatsoever.

Hit must have thrown the match against him on purpose for some reason. Such mockery… After the abject horridness he’d put Vegeta through…

As if THAT weren’t bad enough, they had to prevent Kakarot from learning the truth about Monaka by any means necessary; Believing that Monaka was the most powerful being in the universe was serving as Kakarot’s motivation. So, when Kakarot wanted to fight him, everyone had to take part in an annoying, elaborate ruse to keep him from figuring it out.

The worst part of that was when Vegeta had to pretend Monaka was strong enough to manipulate his body through some form of mind-control. It was so embarrassing! But, at least the trick worked. Thankfully, Kakarot was a moron.

It wasn’t until later on in the party that Vegeta REALLY regretted his role in the whole thing. He’d been eating with the others, his ankles crossed beneath the table, out of view. He was trying to work up the nerve to excuse himself when Kakarot, of course, noticed his discomfort.

“Hey, Vegeta…” Kakarot whispered. “I just had an idea.”

“I hate it when you say that,” Vegeta groaned.

Kakarot pressed forward anyway. “You remember how Monaka can control your body?”

Vegeta rolled his eyes. “Your point?”

“Well, maybe that means he can help you… You know… It wouldn’t hurt to ask him, right?”

Vegeta nearly choked on his mouthful of food. “K—Kakarot!” Yes, it WOULD hurt to ask! And, it wasn’t even like Monaka could ACTUALLY do that anyway! Not that he could let Kakarot know that part…

“It was… Just a suggestion,” Kakarot said. “You can think about it more if you want t—“

“No,” Vegeta interrupted. “This… This is MY nemesis, Kakarot. I want to be the one to defeat it. Relying on the use of Monaka’s immense power would be cheap and underhanded, it wouldn’t be a true victory. When I defeat this thing, it will be because I earned it.” As he spoke, he was surprised by how much he meant every word out of his mouth. He’d started out just wanting to cover for Monaka, but that wasn’t all anymore.

If he ever DID encounter something with the power to banish his Problem away until the end of time FOR him, THAT wouldn’t be a win at all! He would have cheated. He would have tacitly admitted that this was too hard for him. He would be giving up. And, in doing so, his Problem would have actually defeated him. It would have achieved total victory.

He was GLAD Beerus had taken the wish yesterday, using it for himself would have been nothing more than a mistake! Vegeta wasn’t a quitter.

He’d also said ‘WHEN I defeat this thing’… And he’d meant that, too. He’d BELIEVED that, too! For the first time ever, he thought it was POSSIBLE for him to overcome this someday. He could get better… He WAS getting better.

So, when Krillin asked him what he and Kakarot were whispering about, Vegeta took that as an opportunity to KEEP getting better. “N—Nothing,” he stood and tried to ignore the icy feeling taking hold. “I just… Um… I’m going to… Uh… Freshen up. Don’t bother me.”

“Oh, okay. No problem.”

Vegeta rushed quickly back inside.

He’d said it… He’d said it! He’d actually said it! And, the world HADN’T ended!

He made it to his restroom and relieved himself easily. That had been so simple… He hadn’t needed to fight and suffer to make this happen. No, he just said what he needed, and he’d immediately gotten it. No ridicule. No mockery. No judgement. What a wonderful alternative to torturing himself.

***

Vegeta waited out in the hallway for Bulma to finish showering. He felt that he had been continuing to improve these last few days. In fact, just a few minutes ago, he’d managed to make himself knock on the door to their bathroom and mutter “Will you hurry it up in there?! I… I stayed quite hydrated while training today, you know?!”

Bulma had claimed that she was going to be done soon, but she must have had a very lax definition of the word ‘soon’, because Vegeta had spent the next several minutes fidgeting beside the door, trying not to listen to the water spraying.

THAT was why he’d headed to the hallway instead; He’d tolerated that awful noise for as long as possible and couldn’t put up with it any longer. Besides, it was fine to wait in the hall in THIS area of the house, the employees didn’t come here. The only person who might walk by and see him wriggling was Trunks, and THEN Vegeta could just scold him for not being in bed yet.

He could still sort of hear the shower running. Ugh, that sound… He tapped his fingertips against the wall behind him, leaning from side to side. Come on… Come on…

There were plenty of other restrooms. There was one not too far from here. He HAD used it successfully once before, maybe he could do it a second ti—

“AHHHH!”

Maybe not! Bulma was screaming in there! He turned back to the door, shoved it aside and ran in, ignoring the way his harsh steps unsettled his bladder. “What’s wrong?!” He came to a grinding stop when he saw Kakarot sitting in his and Bulma’s bed. “KAKAROT?!” He exclaimed. What was this about?! Why was he in the—

Had Chi-Chi given permission for them to… Do… Something new? Right now?! But, Vegeta still really had to— Was Kakarot SURE he wanted thi—

“Explain yourself right now!” Bulma yelled.

“I didn’t come here on purpose, okay?!” Kakarot said.

“Then, why the Hell are you here?!” Bulma demanded.

“Trust me, I’m just as confused as you!” Kakarot continued to protest, before finally teleporting back away.

“Well, that was fucking weird,” Vegeta grumbled. Maybe Chi-Chi HAD given him her blessing, but then Kakarot realized at the last second that he wasn’t as sure about doing it as he’d thought?

Whatever.

At least the bathroom was free now.

***

Vegeta didn’t give much more thought to Kakarot’s strange, sudden appearance the night before. He should have been used to the fool showing up randomly without explanation, That was fairly normal behavior for him after all.

Now, the main thing on Vegeta’s mind was trying to figure out which brand of soy sauce Bulma usually bought… And if he could finish this stupid shopping excursion before his bladder got too much fuller.

The awful indignity Bulma had foisted upon him today was grocery shopping. He had never done it before, he always just had so many other things to do, things that didn’t involve this level of tedium while surrounded by irritating humans. Today, Bulma had insisted that she was far too busy to handle it, and Vegeta’s eloquent argument that a warrior prince should always, ALWAYS have someone else doing the shopping FOR him only got him yelled at.

The Hell had he done wrong?

The end result was that he was HERE now, trying to find all of the items on Bulma’s ridiculously long list. And, since this had been an unexpected, impromptu trip out of the house, Vegeta hadn’t known that he SHOULDN’T load up on fluids after waking up that morning. He wasn’t spending the day in his gravity room, sweating and with his bathroom very close by. He was spending it in this air-conditioned, crowded space, his only option for relief would be a public restroom.

Bulma hadn’t even given him his capsule to take with him. He’d forgotten to request it, and she must have forgotten to offer it.

He wasn’t comfortable, and he was rushing to get this finished. He knew he was likely skipping over parts of the list unintentionally in his haste. He couldn’t help it, though. He was already to the point where he had to push his thighs together, and he didn’t want to risk it getting much worse when there were so many other people around.

He may have been getting more comfortable having the people he KNEW notice when he had to go, but strangers were an entirely different story. He couldn’t let himself squirm around THEM.

By the time he thought he’d gathered everything Bulma wanted, he was having some difficulty keeping his legs uncrossed. The thrumming in his middle was quite intense, and his bladder was still worn-out from what he’d put it through at the tournament days ago. It would be a while before he was up to holding it for his usual long stretches of time again. He shifted from foot to foot while he waited in the line to check out, taking care to do it very slowly so that it would look like he was just bored. The gentle rocking helped a little bit. He’d lean to one side, wait like that for about a minute, then the pressure would begin beating down on his length again and he’d sway to the other side. Back and forth, back and forth.

He wanted to be at home…

The line was aggravating, it wasn’t moving nearly fast enough. How long was this supposed to last? Each person ahead of him took SEVERAL minutes, and he had little else to focus on other than his bladder. ‘Move it along, idiots…’ he thought. ‘Some of us have other places to be.’ He’d have to remember to always request his capsule before going out on these little errands from now on. If he had IT, he could go just mere minutes after getting out of here. Instead, he was going to have to deal with this fullness all the way home.

Finally, he managed to get everything paid for and capsulized. He held the capsule tightly, not wanting to misplace it now that he’d gone through so much discomfort to get it.

On his way out of the store, he passed by the restrooms. He HAD promised himself that he would try more often… He could give it a chance, right? Just… Head in and see what it was like, then decide if he wanted to proceed? That wouldn’t be so bad…

He approached the doors. His chest dropped a few degrees. It didn’t feel frigid or icy, just noticeably cooler than the rest of him. The space just below his skin was tingling. This wouldn’t be so bad… This wouldn’t be s—

As he got closer, two men entered the restroom. Vegeta stopped and turned right back around. ‘Nope. Nope.’

It would be better to just head straight home anyway— He’d get there faster.

Outside the store, Vegeta started to walk towards home, cursing the slow method of travel. The woman had told him he wasn’t supposed to take off into the sky in the middle of the city, insisting it would disturb all of the humans too much. If he wanted to fly, he had to launch from a secluded place instead. Hopefully he’d find one soon. Walking wasn’t quick enough, it would be ages before he was in his bathroom, soothing his irritated, tired bladder.

The fact that he had to be careful with how he walked wasn’t helping matters much. The city was always crowded, so SOMEONE would notice if his gait looked weird because he was trying to cross his legs and move forwards at the same time. Plus, if he moved too fast, the liquid inside of him was sloshed painfully, but if he went too slow he just gave himself more time to fill up before he got home.

He was walking without bending his knees much, which seemed to be gentler on his bladder for whatever reason. After he’d made it a bit further, he had to stop completely. His bladder felt heavy, pressing down hard against his opening. He jiggled in place for just a few seconds, eyes darting around in paranoia the entire time. No one LOOKED like they were staring, but it FELT like everyone was. It felt like—

It felt like Kakarot was nearby.

The energy felt a TINY bit different from how it normally did, in a way Vegeta couldn’t quite put his finger on, but he’d still recognize that loose, fluttery, yet immensely powerful chi anywhere. He quickly turned in the direction that he sensed it from, and found Kakarot exiting a store. Finally, some GOOD luck for once! “Kakarot!”

“Oh, hey Vegeta!” Kakarot smiled, but not as brightly as usual. Vegeta brushed that aside, if something was bothering Kakarot they could discuss it later.

For now, Vegeta just stepped closer to him, widening his eyes and letting himself shake, his knees touching like they’d been aching to all day. Kakarot never needed to be TOLD what to do in these situations.

Why… Why wasn’t Kakarot grabbing his arm yet?

“Kakarot, I want you to take me home,” Vegeta stated, as quietly as he could.

Kakarot bit down on his lower lip. “Um, but—“

“Bulma is there, use her energy,” Vegeta said, grasping Kakarot’s arm himself.

“W—Wait, hold on, I don’t know if—“

“I said NOW!” Why was the idiot stalling? If he had more shopping to do, he could come back later! This would only take a second!

“O—Okay,” Kakarot said, putting his fingers against his forehead. He took in a deep, shaking breath and closed his eyes. “Mmf…”

Finally… Vegeta ALREADY felt better. But, why was this taking longer than usual? Or, did it just FEEL longer because of Vegeta’s discomfort? He’d had to go WAY worse than this before, and it had never—

They had suddenly transported.

But, Vegeta was not home.

He was very, VERY far from home.

So far he didn’t even know which direction to head in.

And the worst part? He was under increased gravity now, too. The shift was completely unexpected, so the added pressure made him collapse against the ground, his legs twisting up with new, tremendous urgency. He stopped just shy of grabbing at his crotch as he tried to adjust.

“GOKU!” King Kai yelled. “WHAT DID I TELL YOU?!”

“K—Kakarot!” Vegeta exclaimed, his voice cracking embarrassingly. What was the MEANING of this?! Kakarot had never teased him before, not even a little, especially not like THIS! This was so… It just wasn’t LIKE Kakarot to do this!

“S—Sorry, King Kai,” Kakarot said, anxious. “It was an accident.”

Did Kakarot have to use THAT word right now?! When Vegeta’s bladder was searing and squeezing and dying to let the gravity here pump its contents straight out?!

“It was NOT!” King Kai yelled. “I told you not to use your chi until you’ve recovered, and now what are you doing?!”

“Okay, THAT part was on purpose, but I didn’t mean to come here!”

“NOT THE POINT!”

As Kakarot and King Kai continued to argue, Vegeta tried to figure out what was happening and, more importantly, what the FUCK he was going to do about his need now. It had been MODERATELY bad back in the city. He COULD have held it the rest of the way home if he really HAD to, but with Kakarot there he’d foolishly assumed he DIDN’T have to, that he could get himself comfortable again sooner.

That sure as Hell wasn’t going to happen now!

He still hadn’t managed to get back up off the ground. King Kai’s tiny planet had advanced gravity that was nothing compared to what Vegeta usually trained under, but he hadn’t been able to prepare himself for its effects. He certainly hadn’t been able to get his bladder ready for the huge, steel weights that the planet would throw on top of it. He pulled his knees up to his chest, pressing his crotch against his heels, and trying not to wriggle too much.

Granted, King Kai was too busy shouting at Kakarot to notice what Vegeta was doing… The man’s pet monkey, on the other hand, wandered over to Vegeta and sat beside him, staring intently.

‘It’s just an animal,’ Vegeta thought, chastising himself for the humiliation the creature’s observation brought. ‘Not even intelligent enough to speak. It doesn’t matter if it— Wait, what is it doing?’

The monkey had brought its own knees up to its chest, and was now fidgeting around, shaking.

It was…

It was mimicking him…

‘I do NOT look like that! Dammit!’ But, when Vegeta glanced down at himself, he knew that was wrong. The monkey was copying him perfectly. He was squirming, his lower body trembling… “St—Stop mocking me,” he growled under his breath. All this time, he’d been terrified that the humans in his life would all taunt him if they caught him in this compromising position, yet they hadn’t. Instead, he was being teased and made fun of by a damned monkey!

He grimaced and gagged as the thought popped into his mind without his permission; ‘Now I can kind of understand where Frieza was coming from. Stupid monkey.’

Kakarot finally came back over, nervous. His attention settled on the monkey first, he must have known Vegeta was about ready to bite his fucking head off. “H—Hey, Bubbles. What are you doi—“ He stopped abruptly when he realized what the animal was up to. “O—Oh, um… You… Sure do like to copy people, huh? H—How about you copy me instead?” He sat down, taking the position he would if he were meditating. “L—Like this?”

Bubbles continued to mirror Vegeta’s tense, wriggly form instead.

“Kakarot, c—care to explain what the FUCK is going on here?” Vegeta snapped. “Why a—are we here? I t—told you to br—bring me home! N—Not to another damned pl—planet with enhanced gravity, without even a—any warning!”

“Vegeta, I’m real sorry, I didn’t mean to, it just—“

“WHY?!”

“I didn’t mean to!” Kakarot repeated, loud and firm. “I really strained myself at that tournament, alright? I overused my energy, so now my powers aren’t working right— Including Instant Transmission. King Kai said I’m supposed to rest for a while, and it’ll all go back to normal.”

“How long is a while?!”

“A few days…” Kakarot said. “I tried telling you before, but you— Oh, man, Vegeta, you just really need to—“

“Get home, yes,” Vegeta interrupted, nudging his head sharply in King Kai’s direction.

“Right…” Kakarot nodded. “I’m sorry… I could try it again? I figure I can at least get us back onto Earth, even if we don’t end up at your house…”

Vegeta tried to get up again. His bladder was being mashed by this planet’s punishing gravity, and IT was so heavy that he couldn’t lift himself up while trying to carry it. He felt foolish leaning on Kakarot to climb onto his feet, it was Kakarot’s fault he was HAVING this much trouble in the first place!

“A—Alright,” Kakarot said. “Let’s—“

“Vegeta,” King Kai frowned.

Oh, right. Another problem with this tiny planet; King Kai could easily see everything taking place on it.

“What?” Vegeta asked. His knees were rubbing back and forth, thighs grinding. He needed to get AWAY from this gravity before it squashed his bladder so hard that it burst.

“Did YOU overdo it at the tournament, too? You don’t look so good.”

“N—No,” Vegeta said. Ugh, he didn’t have time for this!

“Are you sure? You shouldn’t be struggling this much with the gravity here.”

“That’s, um…That’s because… Uh…” Kakarot stammered.

Vegeta leaned more against Kakarot. The other Saiyan’s energy was still wonky, but that didn’t lessen its calming effect. “G—Go on…”

Kakarot nodded. “O—Okay, so the reason I used Instant-Transmission again, even though you told me not to, is ‘cause Vegeta wanted me to bring him to his house so that… Um… He just… He needs to… do something that’s really personal, and—“

“You didn’t listen to me just because Vegeta needs to pee?! THAT’S what was so important?!”

Vegeta lowered his head, heat scorching all over his face and down his neck, over his shoulders. Did he really have to SHOUT that?! They’d probably heard that yell all the way back down on Earth!

“Eheh… Uhhh….” Kakarot rubbed the back of his neck.

King Kai rubbed a hand over his face. “Ugh… Seriously, Goku?” He groaned. “Vegeta, just use my bathroom. No idea where this guy’s gonna end up taking you to next.”

Vegeta froze, his heart thrumming again, just as it had done when he’d contemplated entering the restroom at the store. “U—Uh— That’s… Um…”

Kakarot turned Vegeta to face him more directly, lowering his voice down to a whisper. But, with as small as the planet was, Vegeta worried he could still be heard. “I bet you can do that,” Kakarot said. “There’s just three people here. King Kai and I are gonna stay outside.”

“I’ll b—be gone for… A long time… Even if I do manage to—“

“Yeah? Don’t worry about that, I’ll keep King Kai so distracted he won’t notice how long you take. Promise.”

Vegeta hesitated, a cramp in his middle made him finally give in. “… Alright.”

“What are you two doing?” King Kai asked. “I thought you said he had to—“

“Vegeta was just reminding me he ALSO needs to get home fast ‘cause he promised to do something for Bulma,” Kakarot said. “Don’t worry, buddy. Once we’re back on Earth, I’m sure you’ll be able to fly there in time. A bathroom break won’t delay you too much.”

Vegeta nodded slowly, then made his way towards King Kai’s tiny house. He hoped that any strangeness in his steps could be chalked up to the gravity here. Once he was inside, he let his legs cross and grabbed himself firmly. Phew… That was better…

He looked around, thankfully there was only one door here, so he found the restroom easily. Still holding himself, he made his way into it. He got his clothing apart quickly. He aimed quickly. He did NOT start peeing quickly. Even with Kakarot promising to keep King Kai distracted, Vegeta still felt pressured to rush.

He also still felt the intense gravity all around him, squeezing and squashing him, especially around his already strained bladder area. It hurt, reminding him of the awful, awful way he’d felt at the tournament.

He shut his eyes and focused hard on the squishing sensation, the weight it put atop his bladder, the contractions it sparked. At the next harsh throb, he pushed down, and the trickle began to emerge, flowing—

Ack!

He had failed to fully account for EVERYTHING that the difference in gravity here would do. He’d stood the same distance from the toilet as he usually would at home, which wasn’t close enough when everything was so much heavier! So, when he opened his eyes, he saw that he was mostly hitting the floor. His face flamed as he stepped closer to correct it. Then, he was dismayed by how much LOUDER it sounded when it struck the water here.

But, it also felt incredibly relieving, all the extra pressure around him was making him pee hard and fast, his bladder contracting back down to a manageable size a lot quicker than it usually did. The force of the relief tore a sigh from his lips, much to his embarrassment.

Adding onto that, once he finally finished, he had to deal with wiping the small spill off of the floor. He was so paranoid that he went over the spot five times with a wad of toilet paper, yet still thought that the floor looked like it was glistening, and that the smell was lingering. He was very reluctant to leave the restroom, fearing that some evidence remained.

But, if Kakarot wasn’t feeling well, that meant they had to get back to Earth soon.

Vegeta hesitantly returned outside, shooting a glare at the irritating monkey on his way over to Kakarot. Kakarot smiled at him, seeing that his tremors were gone. Vegeta turned back towards King Kai, hoping he hadn’t been gone for a noticeably long amount of time. It was difficult to tell what King Kai was thinking, with his eyes covered up by his sunglasses. He didn’t say anything to Vegeta, which he hoped was a good sign.

“I’m going to try to take you home again now,” Kakarot said. “But, I can’t promise that’s where we’re gonna end up.”

Vegeta nodded. It wasn’t that big of a deal now, he could fly home from wherever Kakarot brought him.

*003*2025-02-18 01:27

Vegeta couldn’t believe the nonsense Trunks had gotten himself into this time. He and Kakarot’s youngest spawn had decided to climb into the back of Monaka’s intergalactic delivery truck, being whisked away to a distant planet as a result. Capsule Corp’s security cameras had recorded the entire fiasco. Bulma had to call up her annoying little purple friend to go retrieve them. Vegeta was focused on determining an appropriate punishment for Trunks’s foolishness when Bulma informed him that HE would have to leave as well.

“I’m doing what now?” Vegeta griped. She’d already sent him out grocery shopping the other day! That was his stupid errand DONE for the year!

“Our son is lost out there, so of course you’re gonna help bring him home,” Bulma said.

She did have a point, it wasn’t like he was pleased Trunks was stranded on a different planet, he just doubted the boy was encountering anything that would be dangerous to a Saiyan, and so Jaco would be capable of handling this himself, leaving Vegeta free to train for the rest of the day. It would work out far better for Trunks in the long-run, too. If Vegeta didn’t get to let off some steam before seeing him again, he was liable to lose control of his mouth in his anger.

But, he recognized that look on Bulma’s face, she wasn’t going to see this from his point of view. “Ugh, fine,” he said, starting towards Jaco’s ship.

“Nope!” Bulma called out, stopping him in his tracks. “Oh, no you don’t!”

Vegeta turned to scowl at her. “What?!” He demanded. “I’m doing as you asked!”

Bulma frowned back at him, raising a brow. “Aren’t you forgetting something?!”

“No, I—“ Vegeta stopped. There was no such thing as a ‘quick trip’ to another planet. “Uh… I’ll be back in a minute…”

***

Even with… certain ‘precautions’ taken, Vegeta had a bit of an urge to pee by the time he and Jaco arrived on the other planet. The trip there had just been SO long, it gave his bladder ample opportunity to start whining again.

He hoped the journey hadn’t been enough to cause Trunks any issues of his own in front of his friend…

Vegeta got out of the ship with Jaco and examined his new surroundings. The planet seemed to be barren upon first glance. No buildings, and no inhabitants. Vegeta wondered who the Hell Monaka had even been taking his delivery to.

There was not even any plant life that he could see so far. But, there were raised hills, boulders and tons of rock formations. He was not without options to conceal himself, should he deem it necessary.

Why SHOULDN’T he deem it necessary? They were going to head back to Earth as soon as Goten and Trunks were found, and Vegeta wouldn’t have any trouble locating them with his chi-sensing ability. Why not go now instead of having to wait through the return-trip?

He’d managed to say what he needed to say before, he could do it again. “Jaco, uh… I need a few minutes alo—“ He broke off, he could feel the boys’ energy, and he could feel that they weren’t alone. The other chi he sensed was quite large, and it didn’t feel friendly.

His bladder could wait, there were more important things to do now.

He found Trunks, Goten, Monaka and an unknown alien creature being attacked by several gelatinous, purple beings. Vegeta did away with them as quickly as he could, feeling thankful for the gloves he had on. Their weird, goopy bodies were grody and sticky, and he wanted as little skin-contact with them as possible. Ugh, disgusting… And, their slime bodies didn’t make their muscle any less firm, so knocking against them still shook Vegeta up a little, reminding him that he had something else to take care of once THIS was all finished. Thankfully, he wasn’t desperate yet, his need had no impact on his fighting ability, and it looked like he would be done with these guys in no time at all.

He could never be that lucky, though. Once he had destroyed all but one of his opponents, he felt a strange, cold, grody sensation around his feet, and it was moving up his body quickly. When he looked down, some of the goo that had been flung off his adversaries during the battle was sliming its way over him, like the goo ITSELF was alive, and hadn’t merely been a part of their bodies. The fuck?!

“Son of a—“ He flailed, trying to fling the revolting substance off of him, but it was tenacious, gumming onto him with what must have been the universe’s strongest adhesive, it wouldn’t budge! “Gah! What IS this?!” Before he knew it, the gunk had swallowed him up completely. Whatever this stuff was, it was burning his eyes so badly he felt like someone was pouring salt into them. He shut them tight, but as soon as he’d done so, he began to worry about Trunks. What if this slime went after HIM next? Vegeta couldn’t even sense if his son was in danger because he’d been forced to hold his breath— He could never feel anyone’s chi if he couldn’t breathe.

Vegeta really, really couldn’t breathe! Was this crap going to digest him or something?! Before he could panic too much about that possibility, the jelly spat him back out, slamming him hard against a nearby rock formation. The impact had the most effect on his bladder, jarring it sharply, and the deep, DEEP breath he took once he was exposed to oxygen didn’t help matters, he could feel the way his bladder expanded while he inhaled. His urge was getting worse, he had to finish off this last guy, get the boys away from that strange goo, and excuse himself for some privacy FAST.

But, it was hard for him to pick himself back up just yet. That was odd, he didn’t usually need this much time to recover after being tossed, throbbing bladder or not.

Trunks was beside him, alongside Goten, Monaka and an alien that must have been native to this planet.“What happened?” Trunks cried.

“Can you get up?” Goten asked.

Vegeta gave it another try, but his body just… It didn’t feel right. Everything was so heavy! When he gripped his hands against the ground, his arms wobbled. His vision blurred as well, a sudden tiredness taking hold; It was like he hadn’t slept in days. Worst of all, even though his bladder still didn’t feel like it was filled to the brim, he had to really strain and focus hard to keep his flood-gates closed. His holding muscles felt like they were fraying. What was wrong with him?!

In front of him, the slime began to speak, its form twisting and pulsating. “This is why you’re weak,” it hissed, slowly morphing its form until it looked like an exact duplicate of Vegeta— Just dyed purple and gooey.

Vegeta stared. Gah, what sort of cruel mockery was THIS?! He didn’t want his son to see him as this… This grotesque, slippery slime-creature! That was disgusting! “What the Hell? Who are you, and why do you look exactly like me?!

“It’s more than just looks,” the Goop-Vegeta said. “I possess all of your energy and fighting skills. I am now the only Vegeta in the universe. You’re nothing but an old shell I left behind.”

“A shell you left behind?” Vegeta scoffed. “I don’t have time for this disrespectful nonsense.” How could he be a shell if he was STILL here, still breathing? Whatever that slime was, it was obviously just trying to mess with him. He tried once more to get back onto his feet, still struggling to make ANY progress. Everything inside of him just felt so wrong.

Whatever… He didn’t need to be STANDING to get rid of a pile of muck. “You’re nothing but a pathetic imposter and now you’re going to Hell!” He raised his hand, and tried to ready the Galick Gun, but once again, something didn’t feel right. He couldn’t manipulate his energy! He kept prompting it to head towards his hands and surge out, but nothing came. Not even a little spark.

Was his chi taking lessons from his bladder now, or something?! IT didn’t want to release itself on his command, either?! “D—Dammit… I can’t.”

The Goop-Vegeta grinned. “Is THIS what you’d like to do to me?” It asked, and it managed to fire off the Galick Gun with no issue… Even though it had never seen it in action before. How did it know what to—

The attack beamed out over Vegeta’s head, striking the rock formation instead and provoking a terrible shuddering quake all through his immediate surroundings. THIS hurt Vegeta far worse than a direct hit from the Galick Gun would have, as the earth shook, his bladder vibrated along with it and, with his body acting so bizarrely, he wasn’t able to pin his thighs closed quickly enough to keep a dribble from being knocked loose. It was only a couple of drops, but when he knew his bladder was nowhere near full enough to warrant ANY leaking at all, it both appalled and frightened him. He had really been sapped of his strength!

The clone laughed; “Keep denying it all you want, I am the real Vegeta while you are nothing.”

The other remaining goo-man stood at the clone’s side and nodded, gushing over the amazing abilities that had been stolen from Vegeta. He suggested that Vegeta’s clone should absorb the power of everyone else there,, starting with Trunks. At the mention of Trunks, the clone seemed to hesitate. Vegeta couldn’t miss that. This clone had seemed ruthless and unfeeling so far, yet it wasn’t eager to harm Vegeta’s son…

It looked like there was some chance this clone had also taken aspects of Vegeta’s mind, like maybe it had absorbed his emotions, his thoughts, his mannerisms… It wasn’t impossible that when it claimed it now possessed everything about Vegeta, it meant it now possessed… EVERYTHING about Vegeta.

“You know, I hope you REALLY have fun with my body,” Vegeta said.

The clone raised a brow, “And, just what is that supposed to mean?”

“I just want to give you some advice, that’s all. You’re handling a lot of power, I do want to be able to take pride in how you use it… So, the most important thing about my body is you need to keep it VERY well hydrated. I sweat a lot, and I get terrible muscle cramps if I don’t replenish enough liquids, you want to be able to use ALL my strength, don’t you?”

The clone nodded. Ha, it was falling for it…

“Make me proud,” Vegeta said. “I’d recommend at least two liters if you’re planning on any big fights. Or, do you want to risk humiliating yourself over a little arm cramp?” This was almost too easy…

Of course it was, he was playing HIMSELF. He knew where all of his buttons were, how hard to press each one. If his task today was going to be defeating himself, then he was definitely the best suited for the job. What ELSE could he—

The other purple man yelled at the clone again, prompting it to lash out what looked like a bunch of tentacles.

‘Wait, where did it get THOSE from?!’ Vegeta thought. ‘… Can I do that? How do I do that?!’

Jaco managed to deflect the tentacles with his blaster so that they could all escape. To his dismay, Vegeta needed to be carried, unable to fly on his own when his chi wouldn’t obey him. They took cover inside of a crater some distance from where they had left the slime-men. Vegeta couldn’t help but think, bitterly, that this crater would be a FINE spot to relieve himself if the others weren’t here with him.

Vegeta sat down, trying to see if he could recover from whatever the slime had done to him. It wasn’t working, he didn’t feel any of his strength returning. If anything, he was getting weaker by the second. His pelvic muscles, which he was most concerned with keeping tight, were starting to slacken. His middle tingled with an intensifying need, forcing him to fidget his legs.

Trunks sat beside him, concern on his features. It took Vegeta a moment to understand that Trunks was worried because of what the goo had done, not because Vegeta was obviously antsy for relief.

Maybe he could ask everyone else to leave for a couple minutes. Trunks and Goten wouldn’t bother him about it, neither would Jaco. Monaka was probably blacking out after what he’d just seen with the goo…

It would be embarrassing to have to explain the issue to this unknown alien that had come with them, but it wasn’t like Vegeta would ever see him again; Once he got off this planet, he wasn’t EVER coming back to it. He’d seen enough of what it had on offer. He swallowed hard. He could do this… “Um, I—“

Before he could continue, the unknown alien introduced himself. His name was Potage, and he knew what the goop had done to Vegeta.“What’s been attacking us is Superhuman Water,” he said.

Seriously?! Vegeta had just lost a fight to some freaking WATER?!

…

…

Actually, that wasn’t anything out of the ordinary.

“From what I’ve heard,” Jaco said. “It’s a miracle water that makes you hundreds of times stronger.”

Great, so that meant Vegeta could have defeated Kakarot a long time ago if he’d come to this desolate planet, that only had small pockets of privacy, and drank a ton of water?

The universe really DID like to fuck with him! This was undeniable proof! It wasn’t just all in his head like Bulma always said it was!

“You only know a fraction of the story,” Potage told Jaco.

“Don’t waste our time, old man, tell us,” Vegeta commanded. The sooner THIS was finished, the sooner he might be able to get his privacy. If he could resolve ONE of his problems, he knew he’d be better equipped to handle the other.

Potage explained that the water had started out as a weapon for the planet to use. Vegeta nodded. That made sense. He certainly knew TONS of ways to weaponize water.

This water would absorb the planet’s enemies and create copies to fight against them. But, since it absorbed so much evil, it became corrupted and the duplicates no longer protected the planet, and just focused on absorbing as much power as possible. Since the duplicates physically resembled the originals, this created the rumor that the water could increase a person’s strength. The substance was eventually locked away to prevent it from doing any further harm to the universe.

As Vegeta listened, he had brought his knees up to his chest, squeezing himself against his feet. ‘Come on,’ he thought. ‘Just tell me how to destroy it already.’

The people Vegeta fought earlier had fallen for the rumors about the water, so they “Broke the seal” placed on the water and “Doomed themselves”. Potage said that it was necessary to stop the water from spilling any further and to seal it away again.

… Perhaps Vegeta was actually still on Earth. He was in bed, sleeping beside Bulma, likely fidgeting a bit as his bladder expanded and tried to wake him back up. This was all a bit TOO on the nose now. It HAD to be another one of those dreams he so often had as punishment for drinking most of his liquids right before bed.

When he concentrated, he couldn’t sense anyone’s chi, so it was entirely possible!

Yet, still unable to manipulate his own energy, he couldn’t try to wake himself up that way. He tried pinching his thigh instead, dismayed when he remained right where he was.

Just in case this wasn’t actually a dream, Vegeta asked why his clone had hesitated after being told to absorb Trunks. Potage said that the water had the ability to absorb its target’s personality traits and feelings as well— Just as Vegeta had theorized.

The thing really might have his bladder, then… His plan for defeating himself seemed more and more plausible.

Vegeta had just one more question, he had to know what was going to happen to him now that he’d had his power absorbed.

“… It’s complicated…” Potage said, nervously.

“They die, don’t they?” Vegeta guessed, wincing when he heard Trunks whimper at the words. “How much time do I have?”

“When your body starts disappearing, you will have five minutes left. Maybe less,” Potage told him. “To reverse the effect, we have to destroy the copy.”

“And, defeating him will be just as hard as defeating me,” Vegeta said. Luckily, he knew better than anyone how to make himself lose. His bladder gave another throb, like it was trying to agree with him, remind him of how effective this ‘strategy’ could be. He shifted. “I… I need… Um… A few moments to… Collect myself,” he said. “No one is to follow. Trunks,” he added sharply. “If anyone tries to come after me, you stop them. Got it?”

Trunks nodded anxiously, “Yeah, Dad. Are you gonna be okay?”

“I’ll be fine,” Vegeta said.

“Hold on now,” Potage said. “You can’t just leave, not in your condition.”

“I need a couple minutes to think,” Vegeta tried to project his usual authority and firmness into his voice, even though he was coming apart inside. “I’ll be right back.”

Trunks had to help him upright, and then he was thankfully able to walk off on his own. It didn’t take him too terribly long to locate a different crater, granting him the seclusion his quivering bladder and wobbly holding muscles needed.

This might even be easier than usual, since his chi-sense wasn’t working at all. He couldn’t see or hear anyone, so there was nothing telling him he wasn’t alone.

Just had to unzip and THIS part of his ordeal would be—

THE FUCK?!

When he reached for his zipper and tried to pull it, his hand just… Kind of… Fazed right through his torso instead. He didn’t FEEL it happening, and he couldn’t decide if that made it stranger or not. He blinked his eyes a few times and tried again, with the same result.

Okay, so this was DEFINITELY a dream then, right? His hand shouldn’t be able to pass through solid objects— It certainly shouldn’t be gliding through his own body like that!

This was a dream, surely. He’d had TONS of dreams where he’d find a good spot to relieve himself, and then something completely ridiculous would happen to stop him from going. He’d dreamt about the toilet in his restroom at home being replaced with a regular chair as soon as he’d shut the door. He’d dreamt about stepping into his restroom and then finding himself in a bizarre, endless maze. He’d dreamt about standing at the toilet and not being able to get his clothes off for some inexplicable reason.

This was sort of like that last thing. He’d never had his hands move through his body like that before, that part was new, but it WAS the sort of thing that he’d expect from a dream.

He tried to pinch himself again, but his hand fazed through his thigh, too.

That obviously wasn’t going to work.

He instead tried thinking very, VERY hard about worms. Usually, in a dream, if he thought about something enough, it would appear. He tried to conjure up the grossest, biggest, most wriggly and grimy worm possible— With a huge, gaping maw filled with razor sharp teeth and constantly oozing with thick globs of sticky saliva, and tons of smaller worms being launched from its ass every few seconds. If something like that started slithering towards him now, he would wake up for sure!

Not because he felt scared, of course! Just from the intensity of his disgust, that was all!

His surroundings remained worm-free, no grotesque abominations to shock him awake.

Maybe this wasn’t a dream…

Shifting between his feet to try and quell the building urgency in his core, he made one more attempt at his zipper, which ended in failure like the previous two. His bladder spasmed as his hand slipped through his body this time. He tensed up his thighs, but that didn’t seem to do anything. He crossed his legs, but stumbled when they breezed through each other just like what his hand had been doing.

He grimaced hard. He really needed to go, and he could barely do anything to help calm the urge down. Jiggling around still worked, but that was it! And, with his strength stolen, he couldn’t trust his sphincters to hold back the tide. Especially not when he was by himself, no onlookers to stop his bladder from emptying.

… Could… Ugh… Could someone… Assist him? Could someone else… Er… work his zipper for him? He shuddered, unable to think of anything more embarrassing than that.

Trunks and Goten were both completely out of the question. Monaka was likely still paralyzed. He couldn’t ask Potage, he’d only just MET him. That only left Jaco, the annoying little twerp… Vegeta would never ask him for such a personal favor!

He wished Bulma were here, he wouldn’t mind having HER unzip him. He might even be alright with Kakarot doing it…

Vegeta trudged back to the other crater, no emptier than before. Apparently, he would have to hold it until after his clone was destroyed, then maybe his body would remember that it was supposed to be solid.

Come to think of it, why did he still NEED to go if he was apparently turning into some kind of ghost? When his hand had gone through his abdomen, he hadn’t felt it knock into his bladder. It must have still been in there, though. He could feel it as clear as day.

How was that fair?! If he had to become a ‘shell’ or whatever his clone had called it, why did he still have to feel the urge to pee?!

Once he’d gotten back, it only took a few more minutes for his clone to show itself again, alongside the other goo-man. Trunks and Goten ran out to battle them, fusing into Gotenks and transforming into Super Saiyan 3. Vegeta watched as Gotenks flew around with his clone. The fusion did poorly, mostly just throwing out childish attacks that only caused shockwaves around the area. They had no effect on Vegeta’s clone, but the shaking did plenty to Vegeta himself.

He instinctively crossed his legs against an awful surge of need brought about by the pulsating ground beneath his feet. Just as before, they flew through each other instead of mashing together to place a cork into Vegeta’s opening. He cringed and forced himself to stand normally. No sense in trying to take on such an embarrassing position when it was impossible.

He observed the fight a while longer, zeroing in on his clone, one question on his mind; Was his plan working?

… The clone’s thighs drew together every so often, its knees rubbing in the way Vegeta WISHED his own could. It was a little hard to spot with the clone’s gelatinous body, but it WAS trembling a bit.

‘… Is THAT what I look when I’m— Oh, forget it…’ Vegeta cupped a hand over his mouth and shouted to Gotenks; “Hey! Stop goofing around! You have to punch him RIGHT HERE!” He pointed at his lower abdomen.

Gotenks didn’t even turn in his direction, far too caught up in the thrill of the battle and the fun of his own showboating to hear anything Vegeta said.

‘Idiots!’ Vegeta thought. ‘Stop showing off!’ He could not, for the life of him, figure out where EITHER of those boys had picked up such an awful habit from!

Jaco approached him. “Huh? Why do they need to punch him th—“ he broke off in a gasp. “Vegeta, your body is starting to disappear!”

“I’m afraid that means you haven’t got much time left,” Potage said.

Vegeta looked down; It was true, he was starting to appear translucent, when he held his hands out, he could still see the ground through them. He was literally fading away…

Why the FUCK wasn’t his bladder fading away with him?! The sensation of fullness hadn’t even lessened! He shifted his weight from foot to foot, but this didn’t do ANYTHING because, apart from his bladder, he felt completely weightless! He realized with some horror that his bladder was actually the only thing he COULD feel.

He didn’t feel the ground beneath his boots. He didn’t feel the wind passing around— and through— him. He didn’t feel the straps of his armor against his shoulders. He didn’t feel the way his tongue rested in his mouth. He didn’t feel the material of his gloves when he tried to clench his fists.

He didn’t feel ANYTHING but the pulsing of his bladder.

And, this wasn’t like some of his most desperate experiences, where he’d just gotten so full that the pain blocked everything else out, this was something else. His bladder was like the only part of him left that physically existed.

He wondered how he was still holding it in this condition. Squirming had no effect, he couldn’t even TELL if his pelvic muscles were actually doing anything, but nothing was spilling out. Or, was it? Would he feel it if he was leaking? Would it be visible, when everything was starting to disappear?

He THOUGHT he was holding it, because the pressure wasn’t dying down, but he wasn’t even certain of THAT anymore. What if, when his clone was destroyed and his body went back to normal, he was soaked?

Gontenks unfused eventually, and Vegeta watched anxiously as his clone prepared to blast them. Please, don’t let that be the last thing Trunks ever saw; a facsimile of his own father getting ready to kill him…

The next thing Vegeta knew, Kakarot had his clone by the wrist and was shouting at it; “That’s enough, Vegeta! Were you seriously gonna kill our sons?!”

Good, he must have gotten control over his Instant Transmission again.

“KAKAROT!” Vegeta yelled, drawing his attention away from the clone.

Kakarot had the most bewildered look on his face as he spotted a ‘second’ Vegeta. “… Huh?”

“That purple guy is NOT me.”

Kakarot looked back and forth between Vegeta and the clone. “I count two Vegetas here… Uh… Okay…Who’s the real one, though? One’s purple, which is weird. But, the other one’s see-through, which is also weird. Can somebody tell me what’s going on?”

Goten pointed to the clone. “All you need to know is that he’s bad and you need to stop him!”

“If you don’t, the real Dad’s gonna disappear!” Trunks cried

“Uh… Oh boy…” Kakarot said. Can you start over from the top?”

“We don’t have time to draw you a picture, you fool!” Vegeta snapped. “Just do as the boys said and defeat that slimeball in the next three minutes. Or I die. But, know that he’s my exact duplicate. Which means he’ll give you as much trouble in a fight as I do.”

The second purple fighter ordered the clone to absorb Kakarot, but it refused, so its companion tried shocking it to force it to comply. Vegeta noted that the attack had caused his clone to cross its legs. He tried not to feel too jealous that the clone could DO that, and instead take satisfaction in how his plan was working. No one in the universe could defeat Vegeta better than Vegeta!

The clone outlasted the attack, but was trembling more obviously in the wake of it. Vegeta knew what that must have felt like to it, its nerve-endings were probably all raw now, its urethral sphincters scorching beneath horrid waves of pressure.

The clone defeated its companion in a single hit, knocking him aside like he was nothing. “You listen to me!” It yelled. “I don’t take orders from man or water!”

Seriously, WAS this a dream?! Almost everything the people around him were saying sounded like it was specifically tailored to make Vegeta think about his throbbing bladder, worsen its pulsing, and give him a harder time holding it back!

As Kakarot started to fight against his clone, Vegeta tried to conjure the nightmarish worm once again, just to test one last time if he was stuck in a dream.

The worm still didn’t make an entrance, and Kakarot was slammed against the ground. Vegeta supposed one good thing about his body disappearing, everything numbing but his bladder, was that he didn’t feel the ground shake quite as intensely anymore.

“Owww…” Kakarot moaned. “Purple-Vegeta really DOES fight just like real-Vegeta!”

“Yeah? What do you expect?” Vegeta asked. “He literally drained the power and fighting skills right out of me!” He wished the clone could have drained a little MORE out while he was at it…

“Wow, wish I’d seen that,” Kakarot said. “But, if that’s true, that means I just need to fight him like I’m fighting you! Okay, Real-Vegeta, do I officially have your permission to beat up Fake-Vegeta?”

“Of course you do. But whether you actually CAN is something I’m much less sure of.”

While Kakarot got back up, Vegeta mumbled quietly to himself.

“What was that, Vegeta?”

“Now… Remember, he has ALL of my traits, alright? Every. Last. One,” Vegeta emphasized.

He’d thought that would be enough to get the point across, but when Kakarot returned to the fight, he didn’t punch the clone in its bladder, or even make an attempt to do so. Idiot… He could always tell when the REAL Vegeta had to go, why hadn’t he noticed the same signs in the clone?! “What the Hell are you doing up there, you clown? You really think you can defeat me with attacks like those?!”

Kakarot hit the clone much, MUCH harder, but in the face, not the bladder. Vegeta growled quietly. He KNEW how to defeat himself! Kakarot wasn’t doing it right!

Ugh, maybe Kakarot had spent so many years avoiding that spot when fighting Vegeta that he couldn’t break the habit now? Kakarot still sometimes hit his bladder area by accident, usually when Vegeta was starting to get sloppy.

He knew how to make himself get sloppy… “Hey, Faker!” He shouted. “If you’re gonna pretend to be me, at least learn how to take a hit!” The clone paused and looked down, and Vegeta knew from the look on its face that this was working. “You’re nothing like me at all!”

Trunks whimpered, he tried to grab Vegeta, but that wasn’t possible with his body fading. “Dad, you do remember that if Goku loses, you’re gonna die, right?”

Vegeta sighed. “… Well, obviously I’m aware of that!”

Kakarot STILL wasn’t hitting the right spot, but now the clone was giving him a barrage of attacks, just kind of flinging its fists around— That was something Vegeta himself only did when he didn’t know what ELSE to do.

“FIGHT, KAKAROT!” Vegeta yelled. “Why aren’t you doing better against that pale imitation of me?!” He looked down at himself again, he was twitching without noticing, the buzzing having zero effect on his urge which had continued to build up and worsen. ‘Come ON, just hit his bladder as hard as you possibly can so that I can actually work my zipper again, idiot!’

Vegeta folded his fading arms very carefully so that they wouldn’t just go through each other. He moved his fingers up and down over them, trying to work out some anxious, desperate energy. It didn’t quite have the same effect when he wasn’t truly tapping, when he couldn’t actually feel it.

Why hadn’t Kakarot figured out what to do yet? He’d given the fool enough of a hint, he’d thought. His clone was trembling with need, and had even crossed its legs a couple of times. Vegeta wanted to just SHOUT his directive at Kakarot now, but he didn’t think he was close enough to be heard anymore. He’d have to just endure until Kakarot worked it out for himself.

It was a lot harder to ‘just endure’ when there was literally NOTHING he could do to lessen the severity of his urge. He’d always thought it was hard to have to stop himself from squirming in front of other people, but it was even more difficult to squirm and not have it do anything for him. The pressure, the only physical sensation left to him, ratcheted up higher and higher with every minute. Finally, it flared so brightly that he lost it; “I can’t take it anymore!”

Somehow, he managed to get into the sky. He didn’t know how that was happening, he STILL couldn’t feel his chi. Maybe his transparency had made him so much lighter that he could just do this effortlessly now. “I’ll show Kakarot!” he growled, speeding over to the battle. He readied his fist, preparing to slam it right into his clone’s abdomen, and—

He fazed right through.

He probably should have expected that, but it still managed to shock and dismay him. “What the Hell IS this?!”

His clone smirked. “It’s like I told you; At this point, you’re nothing more than a hollow, little shell!”

Vegeta WISHED he was fucking hollow! He wasn’t! He was full! His bladder was straining away, aching and thrashing. How was he still holding it? Why wasn’t it emptying? Why wasn’t it vanishing like the rest of him?   Since his hit had literally fallen through, Vegeta insulted his clone a few more times, prompting Kakarot to remind him that his life was at stake here. “You shut up, too! Why does everyone keep saying that? Of course I know!” He squirmed as much as he could as he said this. It may not have made his bladder feel any better, but it may cause the lightbulb to finally go off in Kakarot’s head. “You need to fight better too, Kakarot! Don’t let yourself get beaten by this cheap knock-off! Come on, think, you idiot! If you didn’t care about me at ALL, and you just wanted to defeat me as fast as possible, WHAT would you do?!”

“Oh,” Kakarot nodded.

Vegeta nodded back, satisfied. He must have understood it that time! Phew, he wouldn’t have to spell it out and give the game away to the clone.

Vegeta flew back down. He didn’t need to worry about being careful with the landing for his bladder’s sake. His feet had faded so much that he couldn’t feel a thing. He watched Kakarot transform into a Super Saiyan Blue, and his clone followed suit. He bit his lip, what if his clone could use the ‘technique’?

Thankfully, once its power up had reached completion, the clone was still visibly wriggling. If it had gotten anything out, it obviously wasn’t enough. ‘Come on, Kakarot… Just one hit…’

Suddenly, Vegeta no longer felt any need to pee. He looked down, panicked. Had it finally happened? Would it be visible if it had?

No, he… Didn’t think he’d urinated, but his body had faded a whole lot more, so it was very hard to tell for sure. Now that the discomfort of his bladder had vanished, Vegeta was COMPLETELY numb. It was such a weird sensation, to not feel anything at all. There was always at least some physical feeling that he was aware of, however small. The material of his boots around his feet, the temperature surrounding him, air moving in and out of his nose. Those were all things that usually disappeared into the background, but now that they were gone it was very noticeable.

Jaco, Trunks and Goten were all panicking as Vegeta’s form went more and more translucent. He felt like panicking too. After all the battles he’d fought, all the challenges he’d faced, he was going to be killed by some damn water.

He should have always known that this was how it would end.

Potage passed him something, and Vegeta surprised himself by actually being able to grasp onto it. He looked at it for a second, uncertain. The object was squishy, with what looked like a handle on one side, and a nub of rubber on the other. The Hell was he supposed to do with this?

Potage said the thing was a key that contained the antidote which sealed the water, and that Vegeta would remain alive a little bit longer if he put it into his mouth. Vegeta shrugged and tried that, relieved that it didn’t faze straight through him.

Goten and Trunks were both still staring at him, though, eyes very, very wide. Poor Trunks, he must have been so worried…

***

Goku glanced back down towards everyone else for a few seconds. Why… Um… Why was Vegeta sucking on a pacifier? That was the thingy Chi-Chi used to put in Gohan’s mouth when he cried a super long time ago, right? He thought Pan had one now, too… That was weird…

What if it was meant to, like, soothe him as he died?! Was Vegeta getting closer to dying?! Goku had to hurry up! But, the Vegeta clone was so much like the real Vegeta, he was putting up an amazing fight against him, able to use Vegeta’s moves flawlessly, and it seemed to have at least a few of Vegeta’s memories about their past fights, because it could anticipate Goku’s actions.

It felt so much like fighting the real Vegeta that when he finally realized that the trembling in the clone’s body WASN’T just caused by the strange, jelly-like texture it had, Goku nearly asked it if it needed a break and some help locating privacy. The words were right there, on the tip of his tongue; ‘Vegeta, you know you can tell me when you have to go.’ He barely stopped himself in time.

THIS was what the real Vegeta had been trying to tell him, wasn’t it? ‘If you didn’t care about me at ALL, and you just wanted to defeat me as fast as possible, WHAT would you do?!’ He knew exactly what the answer to that question was now.

If this thing didn’t LOOK so much like Vegeta, it would be that much easier for Goku to go through with this… He ended up having to shut his eyes so that he wouldn’t have to see the look on the clone’s face as he kneed it as hard as possible right in its bladder.

He heard the clone gasp, gag and moan, and was glad that it hadn’t managed to duplicate Vegeta’s voice too accurately. The pained grunting didn’t alarm Goku as much as it could have. When he opened his eyes, he saw the clone folded over on itself, hands between its legs, providing him with the perfect opening for more attacks.

Goku hit it with a barrage of moves, when he saw it turn around, he slammed his fists directly into its back, right below the ribs where he knew the worst effect of Vegeta’s desperation always resided. The clone yelped out a strangled cry, heaving and choking. It looked like the thing was going to vomit, but it must not have eaten anything since it had formed, because nothing came up. It must have really been regretting its decision to have some drinks.

When the clone recovered from the harsh blow to its kidneys, it let go of a flurry of chi-blasts. Many of them struck Goku, but he took them as a good sign; This was the sort of thing Vegeta did when he was panicking, his confidence gone and his ability to win in serious question. It told Goku he’d done the right thing. Attacking the clone’s bladder had been the key to a speedy victory.

Before too much longer, the clone started to warp, the material it was made of twisting and distorting. Concerned by the sudden shift, Goku looked down at the real Vegeta, his heart thundering when he saw how much of his body had faded, it was so easy to stare straight through him now. There was a huge glob of the gooey water near him as well, and it was convulsing in much the same way the clone was.

Maybe that meant Goku was almost done here? It was time for a finishing move.

***

Vegeta watched as Kakarot finally obliterated his clone. Took him long enough! How hard was it to just punch the thing’s abdomen and make it explode? He’d mistakenly done that to the REAL Vegeta plenty of times!

As soon as the clone had been annihilated, Vegeta could see his body becoming solid and real once more. He felt the wind against himself, the ground below his feet, he felt the slight heat of the planet’s atmosphere and the weight of his armor. He felt the uncomfortable presence of the object in his mouth, and he felt how slimy it was when he spat it out into his hand. He felt— He felt Trunks hug him tightly around the waist, and THEN he felt the most pressing sensation of all; His bladder had come back too, and he REALLY needed to empty it. It felt WAY fuller than it had in the moments before it had finally disappeared.

The sudden onslaught of need took him by surprise, he hadn’t felt it building up inside him, he’d gone from not feeling his bladder at ALL to having it pounding down against his opening with all of its considerable might. He hissed through his clenched teeth, hitching his hips and squeezing his legs tightly together— Oh, thank goodness that actually worked again now! He didn’t even care about how embarrassing it was to fidget like this with his son’s arms wrapped around him, he was just so thankful that the squirms finally made an impact.

He did blush a little when Trunks’s grip eased up, realizing the boy must have picked up on what he needed to do. “Trunks, let g—“

Before he could finish, Kakarot had flown down beside them, and then HE was hugging Vegeta as well. His arms wrapped themselves around Vegeta’s shoulders, not his straining bladder, but his body felt full all over so ANY kind of squeezing wasn’t welcome. He broke away and tried hard not to double over.

He succeeded in remaining upright, but that made no difference to Kakarot, whom returned to his side. “You too, huh?” He asked softly. “Just a second…” Turning back to the others, he raised his voice. “I’ve gotta make sure everything’s gone back to normal for Vegeta, and we’re gonna need some privacy for that, so we’re gonna just head over there…” He pointed off.

Jaco snickered a little.

Vegeta could feel his face alight in flames again. Dammit, Kakarot! He made it sound like he intended to strip Vegeta naked and give him a full-body examination! He almost wished Kakarot HAD said ‘Hey guys, Vegeta’s dying for a leak, I gotta find him a decent spot to unload before he explodes, don’t come with us, or he’ll freeze up and then maybe try to kill you.’

Blushing, Vegeta followed after Kakarot. His legs were very wobbly, whether that was an effect of what the clone had done, or his eagerness for relief, he couldn’t tell. Kakarot stopped when they reached a crater, and— infuriatingly— had to help Vegeta climb down into it.

That was definitely just because of the clone! He wasn’t so desperate that he couldn’t manage to go down an incline by himself! That would just be ridiculous!

Vegeta reached down to unzip himself, grinning with satisfaction when his hand made contact with it instead of slipping straight through his body like before. Everything was back the way it was supposed to be. He aimed and strained, trying to get the flow to start.

It wasn’t too hard that time, he only needed a few mild encouragements from Kakarot before the stream began trickling. With so few chis on this planet, and two of those belonging to people he loved, relaxation came easily.

Much better… Now he got to re-experience one of his most favorite feelings; His bladder shrinking back down as the tormenting torrent of long-held piss finally evacuated from it. He was perhaps a little TOO relieved when he didn’t see anything glittering beneath the dirt on THIS planet as his stream cut into it. He wasn’t urinating on anything important this time.

Upon finishing up and tucking himself back away, Vegeta turned back to Kakarot. “Done?” Kakarot asked. “Got it all out?”

Vegeta nodded, rolling his eyes and knowing what was coming.

“Great job, Vegeta!” Now, that embarrassing— somehow very comforting— exclamation was punctuated with a tight hug, squeezing firmly and making it very difficult for Vegeta to resist the urge to nuzzle against Kakarot’s chest. “Mm…” Kakarot released him after a long moment. “Oh, hey, I almost forgot; Aren’t you a little old to be sucking on a pacifier?”

“A what…?”

*004*2025-02-24 17:13

Vegeta ate his lunch hungrily, hoping that if he stuffed his stomach full of food, it would take that awful image out of his mind. It had been plaguing him for days now; Kakarot killing Bulma.

Trunks— The other Trunks— had returned from the future, now hunted by a murderous psychopath that looked almost exactly like Kakarot, save for the dark clothing. This false Kakarot had been trying to exterminate all human life in Trunks’s timeline, having already wiped out other planets. Trunks had been fighting him for years, and just before he’d returned to the past, he’d murdered Bulma.

Vegeta felt jittery every time that picture popped back into his brain. That anyone would dare to kill his Bulma was already a horrifying thought, but for that person to be Kakarot’s body-double was even worse.

Vegeta had seen the fake Kakarot once already, and that was likely the only reason he still had any appetite. The fake Kakarot’s chi felt nothing like the real Kakarot’s. It had not been loose, floaty, warm or familiar. It had not filled Vegeta with the sense that everything would always work out if he just calmed down. It had not chased away any of Vegeta’s tension.

It had not belonged to Kakarot, just to someone that greatly resembled him and seemed to know a lot of his moves.

Fake-Kakarot had been pulled back into the future, but not before obliterating Trunks’s time machine. Vegeta and Kakarot had no way to go after him, and Trunks had no way to get home, until Bulma was able to repair the other time-machine which had once carried Cell.

So, for the past couple of days, Trunks’s future counterpart had been staying in the house. The younger Trunks had been quite confused by his existence, but he’d gotten over it remarkably quickly. Vegeta already knew that he wouldn’t react quite so well to seeing a different version of himself walking around.

Vegeta, on the other hand, was having a much harder time adjusting to Future Trunks’s re-appearance. He hadn’t said much to him since he’d arrived, he just didn’t know WHAT to say. He’d spent a full year berating him in the time chamber the last time they’d been together, and had refused to acknowledge him as his son until after he’d been killed in front of him.

He’d been terrible to him all the way up until it was too late to matter anymore. Vegeta wouldn’t blame Trunks if he wanted nothing to do with him, and doubted anything he said now would make a difference— As if he could THINK of anything to say to begin with. ‘I’m sorry’ wouldn’t be enough, yet the thought of saying much more than that made him bristle.

Vegeta had never been forced to truly contemplate this. Whenever he thought of seeing this version of Trunks again, it had been purely hypothetical. He’d never imagined it would actually happen, and now he was just at a loss.

He ultimately decided that the best thing to say was nothing at all. He’d screwed up ENOUGH with Future Trunks, further interactions would only make things worse between the two of them. He was never going to bond with this version of his son, Trunks had been hurt enough.

So, he ate quietly, listening to Kakarot and the others discussing what they’d learned so far about Kakarot’s disturbed body-double. Kakarot had just returned from visiting another universe with Beerus and Whis, and they theorized that the duplicate had been possessed by a former Supreme Kai in training known as Zamasu. Vegeta tried to avoid eye-contact with his adult son across the table from him, and to focus his mind on the battle he knew was coming.

He was probably going to have to kill this Zamasu guy…. Who looked exactly like Kakarot. Who had Kakarot’s stupid smile, and obnoxious voice… Vegeta was going to have to kill him. He was going to have to watch as the life drained out of Kakarot’s eyes.

Vegeta’s stomach churned and he had to slow down on his food. Maybe THIS was why Kakarot had struggled with his clone…

Zamasu wasn’t really Kakarot, though. The chi radiating off of him was NOTHING like Kakarot’s, Vegeta had to remember that. Zamasu’s looks shouldn’t have been that important when everything else about him was all wrong.

Did he have all of Kakarot’s strength, though? That was an important question. Zamasu and Kakarot hadn’t been able to fight for long, and Vegeta had noticed Kakarot holding back, Zamasu must have been as well. Vegeta hadn’t gotten a decent feel of his power at all.

Trunks was having a world of trouble against him, though. Seeing what level Trunks was at would give Vegeta a better indication of what he was up against.

But, that would require TALKING to Trunks, which he’d prefer to avoid.

They wouldn’t need to converse THAT much while sparring, though. They’d trained together for a full year before, and Trunks had barely said a word to him in that time. Granted, Vegeta hadn’t given him much opportunity to speak…

One match couldn’t hurt.

“Hey,” Vegeta said.

Trunks stood from the table. “Yes, Father?”

“Come with me,” Vegeta commanded. “It’s time to train you for real.”

Trunks blinked in surprise. The first time he’d come back here, his father had adamantly refused to train with him until he was pretty much forced into it, and then he’d made it abundantly clear that he wasn’t enjoying any part of it. That whole year, alone in the time chamber, Vegeta hadn’t said even one kind or encouraging thing, only shouted at him for getting in his way, distracting him, preventing him from doing any serious training.

Back then, Trunks would have wanted nothing more than some genuine guidance from his father. Now, he found that he STILL did. He thought of his younger counter-part, the respect and admiration that HE showed towards Vegeta. Vegeta must have earned that somehow. Vegeta couldn’t have still been as cruel as he once was.

If Trunks could impress his father today, receive some long-awaited praise…

But, he was hesitant to accept the offer. Not right this second. It wasn’t a good time. There was something else Trunks needed to do, and he’d already put it off for too long. The harsh spasms brought about by the way his cold belt-buckle jabbed into his middle were proof of that.

He’d MEANT to use the bathroom before lunch, but with Goku and the others just getting back from the other universe, ready to divulge what they’d learned about their opponent, he’d gotten completely distracted. He’d forgotten all about the urge until right now, in fact, when it suddenly became more difficult for him to satiate it.

Since returning to the past, Trunks had thankfully been having a much easier time satisfying his bladder’s needs than he did in his own timeline. Here, the city’s infrastructure was still being maintained, indoor plumbing remained functional. That was a significant improvement over what Trunks had to work with back in the future.

Outhouses had been built, which was at least a step-up from always having to do it outdoors. But much like other structures, the outhouses didn’t remain completely intact for long. They either got partially or completely destroyed during Zamasu’s rampages, in which he tended to fire blasts indiscriminately anywhere he thought someone might be hiding.

Mai had dissuaded Trunks from trying to repair the one nearest to their hide-out, reasoning that fixing it up would show Zamasu that the area wasn’t abandoned and prompt him to investigate. Trunks knew she was right, so he’d resisted the urge, which in turn led to him resisting a lot of other urges to a very uncomfortable degree.

Most of the door to the outhouse was gone, it didn’t even really shut anymore. There were holes throughout the structure, most of them plenty wide enough to see through. The majority of the other outhouses were the same way. They weren’t private.

It irked Trunks that he still even cared about that, given everything else. Mai used them without complaint. She’d even just relieve herself on the ground if it was an emergency. So long as Trunks turned his back, it wasn’t a problem. It shouldn’t have been a problem, they should have both been past the point of modesty, so focused on the simple act of survival.

But, Trunks’s body just refused to get with the program. IT still cared about privacy, IT still cared way too much. It always had, and no amount of ‘Come on! This shouldn’t be SO important right now, just go and get a move on!’ could change that.

He had always had a little trouble relieving himself under pressure. It had started when he was really little, barely a toddler, growing up in a world ravaged by the androids. His grandparents were both dead by then, so Mom always had to take him with her when she went on supply-runs. If Trunks had to pee during those, Mom would find him a spot and rush him. “Hurry… Don’t take too long…” He’d sense the fear in her voice. He barely understood what was happening at that age, but he registered that his mother was scared and that he wasn’t safe. He registered that the time it took for him to pee was putting them in more danger, so he’d try to go fast, but that would make it hard to go at all.

Mom always helped him, though. She’d sing gently to him until he relaxed, and way back then his body wasn’t even strong enough to lock itself up too badly, the safety of his mother’s arms could get it to release.

The issue worsened a few years later. The city made multiple attempts to get kids back into school, in the hopes that one day the world would return to normal and that they HAD a future to prepare for. Trunks attended a few classes in a ‘school’ constructed in an underground shelter. He hadn’t enjoyed it.

Trunks had been a timid child, but that wasn’t so bad. Most of the kids in his generation were the same way, they had never known a world without fear and destruction. But, Trunks had some classmates that liked to pretend they were tough, that nothing could scare them. One of those kids was a boy named Fungu.

Fungu had been a bully, he picked on everyone. Trunks kept mentally comparing him to the androids destroying the planet, finding pleasure and enjoyment in the pain of others. It wasn’t until Trunks met Fungu that he understood what kind of person would BUILD the androids in the first place.

One day, when Fungu was tormenting a girl, something came over Trunks. One second, he was just watching it happen like he usually would, and then the next he was remembering stories he’d heard about his father; Brave, strong and prideful. His father had been a warrior. Trunks had read about those in books. A warrior wouldn’t let someone like Fungu get away with his behavior.

So, he’d hit Fungu. He’d hit him hard. Trunks hadn’t even known he COULD hit that hard, he’d never realized that he had the kind of strength his father had once possessed.

He’d gotten into some trouble for it. He was given a note to take home to Mom at the end of the day. She’d scolded him for a while, before ultimately dropping it when she realized they’d run out of food again and would have to gather more.

The next day was when Trunks received his actual punishment.

Trunks mistakenly had too much water before class that day, and started to really need the bathroom. The shelter had a toilet, but he was supposed to wait for their break-time before using it. Since he was already in trouble, he didn’t want to get up and leave anyway. He held it in until he was allowed to get up.

While the other kids stayed in the classroom to play with the few toys there, he bolted out and down the one hallway, running faster and faster as he neared the bathroom. But, he found that the lock on the door was engaged. Frantic, he knocked, embarrassment tinging his tone as he said “Please hurry, it’s an emergency…”

Fungu laughed from the other side of the door. “I know. But, I think you should just stay out there and hold it.”

Trunks had discovered that he was a lot stronger than he’d thought, but not strong enough to bust through the steel door. He paced around for a bit, wriggling with the hope that Fungu would grow bored and come back out.

He didn’t.

Instead, he told Trunks to beg, saying that he WOULD open the door if he did that.

Trunks hesitated, but only for a second. Then, he begged and pleaded, just like Fungu had ordered him to. But, no matter what he said, no matter what he promised Fungu in exchange, Fungu still wouldn’t let him in. He just commanded Trunks to keep begging, to beg harder, to beg like he meant it.

Trunks DID, he kept going until Fungu told him that it just wasn’t good enough, and that he would have to hold it. But, Trunks COULDN’T hold it. He tried and tried, but within the next couple minutes, he was sobbing as he stood in a puddle. Fungu laughed uproariously from inside the bathroom, realizing what had happened.

Fungu finally came out, stepping over the remnants of Trunks’s accident, and snickering as he went back to the classroom. Trunks stayed right where he was, unable to stop crying.

Eventually, his teacher came and got him; He had to return to class. Worse, he had to do it in his soaked clothes since there was nothing for him to change into inside the shelter.

Trunks’s accident was the first thing to make any of those kids truly laugh since he’d met them.

When he got home, Mom saw what happened to him and frowned at him, it was like she was ashamed of him. She told him to go take a bath and head to his room, that she would talk to him about it later.

Whatever she had been planning to say never reached his ears, because Gohan stopped by with a serious injury from trying to fight the androids, and tending to him took up the remainder of the day.

The school shut down soon after that, after the entrance to the shelter was discovered by the androids, and much of it was destroyed. Trunks didn’t HAVE to see any of those kids anymore. But, by then it didn’t matter. Trunks still knew that he was weak and pitiful. He’d begged to be allowed to use the bathroom, and then he’d had an accident. That wasn’t what a strong, brave warrior would do.

If his father had been alive to see that, he would have been so ashamed of him.

With formal education out the window, Trunks spent his time being trained by Gohan, so that he could join in the fight. The sessions were hard. Not only was Gohan an intense teacher, Trunks discovered that he couldn’t empty his bladder near him, even if he was bursting at the seams. He heard the laughter and mockery of that day, saw the frown on his mother’s face, felt the certainty that his father would be disappointed in him… And, his bladder would squeeze itself closed, no matter how hard he tried to let it out.

Every day that Trunks trained with Gohan became painful, as he was forced to hold it until the lesson had concluded and he could go home. He always felt like he was going to explode, and it didn’t help matters that Gohan would always ask him if HE could take a bathroom break before relieving himself, thus giving Trunks another reminder of what he so badly had to do, but couldn’t.

Gohan eventually noticed it. After weeks and weeks of Trunks never even requesting a pee break despite visible distress, it was impossible not to realize something was wrong. “Trunks, you’re allowed to use the bathroom when you have to,” Gohan said. “I know I can be harsh, but I’m not SO harsh that I won’t let you do something like that.”

“I can’t,” Trunks said, because claiming that he ‘didn’t have to’ would look ridiculous; His legs were already crossed.

“Yeah, you can,” Gohan nodded. “I get it, you really wanna keep training so you can fight the androids, but trust me it’s much harder to get stronger when you’re just focused on how bad you need to go.”

Trunks shook his head, letting his hair fall over his eyes as he blushed. “I can’t,” he repeated.

“Trunks, no,” Gohan said firmly, sighing. “You must get this stubbornness from your father…”

Trunks perked up a little. He was always excited to hear new things about his father, and this was the first time he’d been told he had something in common with him. “I do…?”

“Yeah, Vegeta was… Well, you couldn’t really compromise with that guy…” Gohan said. “But, I’m gonna HAVE to compromise with you; We aren’t continuing today’s lesson until after you’ve peed.”

“But…” Trunks shifted with equal parts desperation and uncertainty. In that case, they just weren’t going to finish today’s lesson at all! But, how did he explain that to Gohan?

“‘But’ nothing,” Gohan said. He looked back and forth. “There’s a boulder, go ahead.”

Trunks awkwardly walked over to the boulder and stood behind it. He unzipped himself but, unsurprisingly, he didn’t start to pee. He squirmed even more, hopping from foot to foot. He needed to go so much, and he just couldn’t…

The knowledge that Gohan was waiting on him didn’t make it any easier. He wondered if Gohan could hear that he wasn’t peeing. He wondered if that meant he should try to make rushing water sounds with his mouth in order to trick him; Coming back and PRETENDING that he’d peed was the only option Trunks saw for himself now.

He stopped himself from making the noises, unsure if he’d be able to do it convincingly, but stayed there for a few more seconds. Once he thought he’d been back there for long enough, he zipped up and returned to Gohan.

“Um…” Gohan said, furrowing his brow. “Trunks…”

“There, I did it. Now, let’s get back to—“

“You’re still crossing your legs,” Gohan pointed out. “What’s going on with you? Why don’t you just—“

“I can’t,” Trunks said, once again. “Alright?”

“You can’t,” Gohan repeated. “You keep saying that, what do you mean? Why can’t you?”

Trunks didn’t want to explain the incident with Fungu, the feelings it had caused. Those weren’t feelings warriors should have. His father never would have had them. “I… Don’t know why. It’s just… You’re… Right here, and…”

“Oh,” Gohan nodded. “I see. Sounds like you have Paruresis?” At Trunks’s confused look, he explained; “Means you can’t go if someone’s near you.”

Trunks nodded. There was a word for it?

“That’s okay,” Gohan said. “How about I just fly around for a bit so you can have this place to yourself?”

Gohan wasn’t laughing at him. Gohan wasn’t ashamed of him. Gohan wasn’t pointing out how a warrior shouldn’t have such a stupid problem. “Yes, that should help,” Trunks said.

Gohan smiled and took off, and when Trunks returned to the boulder, he was actually able to water it. Gohan could tell right away when he got back. “Ah, looks like you’re feeling much better now.”

So, that was what they did when they trained. If Trunks had to go, Gohan would just give him his privacy, never making it into a big deal. Trunks was able to manage himself easily most of the time. He was always either at home with Mom, able to use one of Capsule Corp’s private bathrooms, or out training with Gohan, who’d grant him the space he needed.

He started to have more problems when he tried going out to fight the androids. He had to be very careful about remembering to relieve himself before doing that, even if he didn’t feel like he had to. The fights could get long, not to mention dangerous, having an ‘emergency’ during one never ended well, his skills deteriorating in the face of his desperation.

Gohan’s death sent Trunks into a spiral of depression and anxiety. He’d lost his closest friend— His only friend, really. He’d lost his mentor. He’d lost someone who meant everything to him, and to top it all off, he felt responsible. Not only that, he was now the only person left that could stop the androids, and he just wasn’t strong enough. Even now that he’d become a Super Saiyan, it still wasn’t enough. He’d doomed himself, he’d doomed his mother, he’d doomed the entire world. He wasn’t good enough. He wasn’t a warrior.

His body decided to remind him of that fact by not letting him urinate for over thirty hours straight. He got so full that his back scorched with a pain the likes of which he’d never known before. He was at home, he should have been able to pee, but he still couldn’t. He kept seeing Gohan’s body, he kept picturing the planet even more ravaged than it already was. He kept imagining his father seeing him, remarking on what a disappointment he’d turned out to be. He wasn’t brave and strong like his father, he was weak and pitiful and couldn’t even pee. He was nothing like his father. The similarities Gohan had noticed weren’t real.

Trunks finally managed to empty himself after staying hunched in the shower for a while, warm water pelting him as he strained his pelvic floor muscles as hard as he could handle. He never truly ‘burst’ either, just letting out long, slow spurts every few seconds until he was finally done. It was hard not to cry from the shame and the relief.

When he went back to the past for the first time, he finally got to meet his father. He couldn’t properly introduce himself just yet, not without jeopardizing his own birth, but it was still exciting to get to see him.

Even if Father barely said a word to him.

Trunks had brought some drinks with him to share with the others. He had several himself, mainly just trying to goad his father into sharing some with him. He felt like an idiot soon thereafter, his bladder had filled up painfully and his father hadn’t had so much as a sip, choosing instead to ignore him and all of his offers. He’d gotten himself desperate for nothing, and there was no way he could relieve himself out in that barren area.

So much for bonding with his dad… Now, he was even trying to avoid eye contact with him, certain that if Dad looked at him too closely, he would not only realize that his bladder was full, but the precise reason he wasn’t getting up to empty it. That would be an awful first impression, and would impede any progress towards Trunks’s goal of getting closer to him.

Trunks was fidgeting by the time he got to meet Goku, and it was hard to turn himself into a Super Saiyan when he was asked to do so. He was bursting when he got back home, to the point that he had to bolt for the toilet before telling his mother how the trip had gone.

The next time he went to the past, he stayed much longer, and he was allowed to tell Father who he was. Father brushed him off at every turn, declining every offer to train, or otherwise spend time together. Trunks just wanted to show Father what he could do, how hard he had already worked to get stronger, and receive some guidance from a REAL warrior on how to do better.

The time chamber would be his only chance to do that; With him and Father in there together for a whole year, they would have no choice but to interact and get to know each other.

But…

With him and Father in there together for a whole year, it was possible for Trunks’s… Situation to reveal itself. If he became visibly, blatantly desperate in front of Father, and was ordered to go relieve himself… Father wouldn’t be as kind and understanding of Trunks’s problem as Gohan had been.

Father already thought Trunks was a failure, he’d be even more closed off to him if he revealed he had such a ridiculous weakness. ‘Are you kidding me?!’ He imagined Father shouting. ‘You can’t even do THAT?! That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard! You can’t defend your planet, you can’t save your only friend, you can’t even take a damned piss— Is there ANYTHING you actually CAN do?! Or— Oh, I know, your ONE talent is finding new ways to disappoint me! That’s ALL you’re good at!’

Trunks shuddered and his skin bristled as he thought about it.

His Father absolutely could NOT find out.

He spoke to Mom before he had to go into the time chamber, explaining the issue to her. He was surprised at himself for doing so, he still hadn’t even told the Mom from his OWN time-line about this yet. He supposed it had never seemed quite as necessary. “I have this annoying thing, it’s hard for me to pee if someone is around me. I don’t know how I’m going to handle that when I’m in there with Dad.”

“Oh,” Mom said. “Well, I’m not sure what the bathroom is like in there… Hopefully it’s out of the way and you can just use it whenever Vegeta’s busy somewhere else.”

“But, what if he finds out?” Trunks asked. “I REALLY don’t want him to know about this.”

Mom nodded. “Yeah, I have to be honest; I don’t think he’d understand this if you tried explaining it to him. And, we both know he’s not… The most sympathetic. But, hey, I think that means he won’t notice unless you point it out to him.”

Trunks hoped that he wouldn’t be put into a position where he’d HAVE to point it out.

The bathroom in the time chamber was right near the entrance, beside the bedroom. At first, Trunks thought that was a good sign. It WAS pretty out of the way, like Mom had suggested it might be.

But, GETTING to it unnoticed was impossible.

Father wanted him training practically from the moment he woke up to when he fell back asleep. They sparred CONSTANTLY. While that HAD been what Trunks had wanted, the lack of any down-time meant Trunks couldn’t sneak off to the bathroom when Father was distracted. They only took breaks to eat, and Trunks had to use every second of that to have any hope of getting enough food into himself.

He only allowed himself the smallest sips of water.

He always felt like he was exploding by the end of each day, but the torment still wouldn’t be over until Father went to sleep.

Trunks would stay in his bed, squirming beneath the covers each night, waiting for his father to begin snoring. It always took a while, and Father had a weird bed-time routine. He’d lay in bed for a bit, and then get up and head to the bathroom. Trunks would then be forced to listen as Father took a ridiculously long piss. Trunks thought HE could go for a while, but his father had him beaten there. He’d gush and gush for minutes on end, the stream lasting for ages before it even started to slow down. The sound of it would get Trunks holding himself with both hands.

What Trunks struggled to understand was why Father never did that BEFORE getting into bed and getting himself all comfortable. Trunks only did it out of necessity, but Father had a CHOICE. It was weird that he forgot to pee before bed every single night, especially when the sheer volume of his release always made it clear how badly he’d been needing it.

A few minutes after he’d relieved himself, Father would finally be asleep so that Trunks could go do the same.

It never mattered how early Trunks woke up, Father was always up before him, so taking his morning piss while Father was still in bed was never possible. Trunks had to tell Father he wanted to shower before training, then use the sound of the faucet to both help himself go and cover up the sound his stream made as it flowed into the bowl.

Those were the only two times he got to pee each day. First thing in the morning, and then again late at night. Twice wasn’t nearly enough for his bladder, even when he was trying so hard to keep himself dehydrated. He was DYING to go practically all the time, and had to keep trying to disguise his leg-crossing and bouncing as evasive maneuvers, act like he only grabbed at his crotch because Father had accidentally hit him too low— His Father would shock him by actually apologizing when this happened.

He could NOT understand why Father himself didn’t need any bathroom breaks during those long hours! He kept expecting— almost hoping— that Father would pause, mumble that he couldn’t wait anymore, and leave. At least then, Trunks could fly off to some other area of the time chamber and try to let it out on the floor while he was gone! But, Father never did! The only time Trunks heard him use the restroom was at night; No wonder he pissed so much! How strong was his bladder?! It must have been made of diamond!

Trunks came close to telling Father a few times, to TRYING to explain his problem so that MAYBE something could be done about it. But, he didn’t dare. He KNEW Father would be ashamed of him, even more than he already was. His Father would never understand. His Father would possibly come up with some ridiculous way to ‘train’ him out of this, like forcing him to try to piss right in front of him until he exploded, berating him the entire time.

Father liked to berate him, liked to shout at him that he wasn’t trying hard enough…

Trunks somehow survived the entire year, but after all of that, his bladder felt sore until after the Cell Games, when he’d returned to his own time-line. He’d never pushed it like that before, and for so long, too.

But, at least he’d kept his secret safe from his un-sympathetic father.

Trunks STILL didn’t want his Father to find out about his problem— Which had gotten worse in recent years, if anything. Unable to find proper privacy ANYWHERE while constantly feeling on edge from being hunted would do that, he supposed. In his own timeline, he was once again down to just two pees a day most of the time. One in the morning, before Mai was awake, and then another at night after she’d gone to sleep. Adding onto that was how diligent Mai was about keeping him hydrated— understandable given their situation, but it still got him uncomfortably wriggly.

He’d tried explaining the issue to her before, but it always sounded so stupid inside his head that he just gave up. ‘Hey, Mai, I know we’re on the run from a mass-murdering psychopath and everything, but what I MOST need is a nice, private space to pee, so let’s focus on THAT instead.’

These last few days, spending time in the past, he’d been spoiling himself. Capsule Corp had so many private, functional restrooms that he could just… Use whenever he wanted to. He didn’t have to hold it until his sides were splitting with unbearable need.

Perhaps that was why he’d been so comfortable with putting it off so that he could eat lunch and learn about Zamasu earlier.

He was NOT comfortable with putting it off any longer, especially not to go training with Father.

His Father was tapping his foot. “Well?!” He prompted sharply. “I’m waiting! This is non-negotiable. If you want to beat that guy, you need to put in the effort!”

Trunks flinched. “Yes, Father. Just a minu—“

“No,” Father interrupted. “NOT just a minute. Now.”

Trunks let his ankles rub. “Right, okay.”

Father’s brows furrowed. “Wait, hold on, what did you want to do first?”

Trunks gave a pause, stunned into silence. The Father he’d met before NEVER would have asked a question like that… This was his chance! Or, was it a trap, so that Father could give him a speech about how a REAL warrior would never postpone a battle for ANY reason… “Um… I… It’s not more important than training.”

Father looked him over a little longer. “… Very well. That’s the spirit, boy. You’ll find very few things in life should matter to you more than growing stronger.”

Trunks nodded. Maybe this won’t take too long, he should be able to hold it a while longer. He’d done this hundreds of times in the time-chamber, he could do it once more.

***

Vegeta took Trunks to a wooded area at the outskirts of the city, not too far from home. He would have gone further, but he had a sneaking suspicion that they’d need to be going back to the house before too long.

The incident with his clone had given Vegeta some new information about himself. Having never looked in the mirror when he was bursting for relief, he’d never known precisely what he looked like in those moments, what expressions his face made. He knew that now. His eyes widened, his brows raised, he sucked in his cheeks.

He also knew that Trunks’s features were nearly identical to his own. Same eyebrows, same eye-shape, same general facial structure. So, Vegeta had a pretty good idea of what that look on Trunks’s face meant.

He’d GIVEN him a chance to go, too. Bulma claimed THIS version of Trunks shared his Problem, so he’d made sure he had the opportunity to relieve himself while it would still be easy to do so.

Vegeta couldn’t fathom a guess as to why he hadn’t taken it. If Trunks had been dealing with this thing for years, he should have learned by now to ALWAYS go before leaving home, especially if he was already getting desperate.

Then again, maybe Vegeta was mistaken. Just because they looked similar, that didn’t mean they did everything the same way. Maybe that expression was the one Vegeta wore when he was bursting, but on Trunks it only indicated nervousness. And, why WOULDN’T he be nervous? He was about to fight Vegeta!

Trunks charged up to Super Saiyan with ease, so perhaps he WAS alright. “No need to hold back!” He said. “Use your Super Saiyan 3, like Goku did!”

Vegeta gritted his teeth, and tried to dislodge his annoyance with laughter. Why did it still bug him that he couldn’t do that?! He had an even more powerful form now! Speaking of which, he quickly gathered his chi and entered his Super Saiyan Blue form. He grinned at the stunned look on Trunks’s face— He hadn’t seen ANYONE use this transformation yet. “Ha, soiling yourself before we begin?”

Why had he said THAT of all things?! Here he was, worrying over Trunks’s needs, their shared Problem, and he’d gone and— That must have been IT, though. It was just on his mind, so it slipped out… He cleared his throat. “Alright, fine. I’ll give you a handicap; If you can manage to land a single blow against me, we’ll call you the winner.”

Trunks shut his eyes. Father’s words sank into him heavily, weighing down atop his rapidly filling bladder. Could Father tell he needed to go?! He’d never noticed it in the time-chamber, regardless of how squirmy Trunks got. Trunks was only a little fidgety now! How could he tell?! Oh, what was Father thinking?

Well, clearly he thought that Trunks couldn’t hold it and was about to wet his pants… Which meant he thought Trunks was pathetic. He still thought Trunks was pathetic…“You’d be a fool to underestimate me!”

Father’s grin didn’t disappear. “I’m glad to see you can talk tough, at least.”

They started to fight, and Trunks knew he wasn’t doing so at his best. A few of his strategies worked, and he was able to evade Father’s moves, but his own weren’t landing. He was moving far slower than he usually would. He thought he might have been even slower than he was years ago, the first time he’d gotten to spar with his Father. That had to be disappointing, he was supposed to have gotten better, not worse.

He HAD gotten better, though! If his middle would just stop throbbing, the cold metal of his belt-buckle pinching him in his most tender spot, he would be able to SHOW Father that. As it was, his attention was so divided between Father and his bladder that he wasn’t handling either one of them with the intensity they deserved. All he could do was dodge Father, clench his thigh muscles, and hope for the best.

Vegeta wasn’t fighting his hardest, either. Trunks’s lower body was trembling, his knees grinding against one another any time Vegeta wasn’t actively coming at him. He was sure of it now; Trunks had to go. How did he handle this? If this was the younger Trunks, he’d know what to do. He’d stop what he was doing and remind him; “You don’t need to hold it to prove your strength to me, boy. Go now, or you’ll be too distracted.”

But, the younger Trunks— Thank the stars— didn’t HAVE Vegeta’s Problem and wouldn’t feel as ashamed, awkward or called-out upon hearing that. Furthermore, the younger Trunks would be ABLE to urinate out here. Vegeta was less certain that the older one would be able to manage it.

Complicating the matter further, Vegeta couldn’t let Trunks know that HE knew about his Problem. He wasn’t SUPPOSED to know about it. Trunks had notified Bulma of it before, NOT him, not even when he’d had an entire year to speak up. That was a very clear indication that he didn’t WANT Vegeta to know.

So, for the time being, Vegeta just tried to avoid hitting Trunks near his bladder, knowing how much that would devastate him. It was the least he could do— It was ALL he could do.

Trunks was desperately trying to focus on Father’s motions, to gauge where he would be in the next second so that he would actually have a chance of hitting him. If he just hit Father ONE time, this would be finished, they could head back, and Trunks could make it to a bathroom for a much needed pee.

The urge to go was driving him nuts, the pressure was building up so much faster now that he was required to move and jerk his body around like this. His bladder was being sloshed every time he narrowly jumped away from one of Father’s attacks. He was doing his best not to make it obvious that he needed to go, and was just barely managing to restrain himself to thigh-clenching and knee crossing, the latter of which he could play off as dodging his father’s fists when he flew up to strike him.

His liquids screaming for release, sweat pouring down his face, he tensed himself up as hard as he could before swinging a foot in his father’s direction. He missed, and only succeeded in stirring the fluid within him, splashing roughly against the stretched walls of his bladder.

“Trunks!” Vegeta said loudly, watching the pained wince pass over his son’s face, the way he was now practically doubled over in mid-air. This was getting really bad, Trunks had to go NOW. But, how did Vegeta GET him to? This was a delicate situation— He knew that better than anyone! He had to say just the right thing! “What has gotten into you! Tell me immediately! You should NOT be this sloppy!”

There.

Nailed it!

“I—I’m fine! I swear!” Trunks insisted, his face flaming with a bright, hot blush. He was sloppy… He knew that. More than that, he knew he was disappointing his father. He could feel himself getting weaker by the moment, each new surge of urine into his bladder sapping away at his strength, the pain of holding it all back causing him to shudder. He tried to move his legs apart, to get into a better position for fighting, but he felt like if he unglued them he would begin to dribble into his pants.

Father started to lower himself to the ground. “Get down here,” he said.

Trunks reluctantly followed. Landing hurt so bad, the ground beneath his feet was like a knife to his bladder. His whole body trembled as he fought for control, waiting for the waters within him to settle. His legs crossed once more, but now he didn’t have ‘dodging’ as an excuse. It must have been so obvious now. He had to come up with an excuse, and fast, before Father asked the inevitable question; ‘Why don’t you just go?’

“I can tell something is bothering you,” Vegeta began. He didn’t want to just come right out and say it, he knew the humiliation HE would feel if he were the one in Trunks’s position now. “You were a much better fighter before, I’m sure you haven’t gotten WORSE after several more years of practice. Out with it.”

Trunks lowered his head. It was so strange that he was always looking down at his father. The man was so short, but he carried himself with so much authority and confidence that he seemed much larger. It wasn’t until Trunks had to look him in the eyes that he remembered he was taller than him. Father always made him FEEL so small.

He felt small now, ripped raw and vulnerable. “I… I need to… Go to the bathroom,” he said quietly.

Vegeta nodded. That was a little easier than he’d feared it would be. The next part, he knew, would be much harder. He couldn’t just confess that Bulma had already told him. Trunks had trusted her to keep it a secret… “Ah, I see…” He gestured to the bushes. Maybe it would turn out that Trunks COULD use them after all. “Go ahead, then. No sense fighting when you’re this preoccupied.”

Trunks looked at the bushes. He bit down on his lip hard enough that it hurt. He fidgeted, swallowing down a hard lump in his throat. He couldn’t think of any excuses. He clearly had to go urgently, the bushes would be a perfectly fine option to any normal person.

He was going to have to confess this to his father. He shut his eyes, leaning his weight from foot to foot. Father was going to be so ashamed of him, one more thing he was a failure at… “I… Can’t,” he said. Vegeta frowned, and Trunks’s trembling kicked up a notch. It was just as he feared. “I mean— I meant, I’ll hold it. It’s not that bad.” Sweat glistened off his brow, his bladder felt like it was at its breaking point.

Vegeta had used that same line so many times by now, it was always a lie. It was always, ALWAYS ‘that bad’. It was usually a whole lot worse. Would it make sense for Vegeta to guess right away WHY Trunks couldn’t go? Or, would that make it clear someone had told him? “You don’t have to hold it, I want a decent fight, you can’t give me one when you’re like this. Why can’t you go?”

Trunks’s shaking increased. He was going to have to explain it all. His father would never understand it. It barely made sense to Trunks himself; How could he need to do something so badly, yet be unable to? How could his body beg him for something that it itself chose to deny? “Because… Er… I have… I have this thing. The Gohan in my timeline said it was called Paruresis.”

Ugh, he shouldn’t use THAT word, Father wouldn’t recognize it. Gohan had only known it from his studies. Trunks only knew it because he HAD it. Father would NOT know it.

He cleared his throat. “I—It means that I can’t pee around other people— And I know that sounds stupid, and I know it’s a weakness, so you don’t have to tell me.” He knew Father probably WOULD anyway…

Father nodded. “And, what strategies do you use to work through this?”

Trunks blinked rapidly. His mind went so blank that, for a second, he somehow forgot that he needed to pee. That was NOT his father, was it? Someone had taken control of HIS body in order to use his powers, just like what Zamasu had done. Trunks’s REAL father would be laughing right now, or demanding a better explanation, calling him a failure, scolding him… ANYTHING but what he was ACTUALLY doing.

Trunks’s urge returned to the forefront, and his knees rubbed as he bounced sharply on the balls of his feet. “Father, I… I said that I can’t pee.”

“Yes,” Father said. “I heard you the first time. And, I’m sure you manage this in some way, what do you typically do?”

“But… Why aren’t you yelling?”

Father groaned. “Because I ASSUME you don’t want anyone else to hear about it— It’s a personal matter, isn’t it?”

“Well, yes, but— You actually understand this?!”

Vegeta sighed, “This thing’s put me through absolute Hell since I was a four year old, so YES, I understand it perfectly well by now!” Wow, that had been an easy admission… Granted, this was still Trunks, this was still his son. Of course it had been easy, he’d already done it once before.

“What?!” Trunks exclaimed. Father had… He’d pretty much ALWAYS had— Trunks had painstakingly kept it a secret from him while they were locked together for a year. He’d tortured himself daily. He’d held it to the point he felt nauseas. He’d put himself through it for so long that he was sore for ages after it was finally over.

And, he’d done it all for NO reason, because his Father WOULD have understood!

Now, he realized why Father waited until they’d both been in bed for a while before peeing— He’d been holding it until he thought TRUNKS was asleep. They’d both been doing the same thing!

One conversation.

One short, but awkward, conversation, and NONE of that would have needed to happen. They both would have known to give the other privacy whenever asked. They both would have been so much more comfortable. They both would have been more focused on their training. Hell, they may have actually managed to bond more properly.

Instead, they’d both suffered for an entire year.

“But, when I told Mom, she said you definitely WOULDN’T understand!” Trunks said.

“I had not informed her of the issue until you— uh, the younger-you, I mean— were toilet-training,” Vegeta explained. “That was almost a year later.”

“You still could have told me.”

Vegeta laughed derisively. “At that point, the only person who knew was Kakarot— And he’d just happened to GUESS. I hadn’t TOLD a single person. I sure as Hell wasn’t gonna tell you. Besides, YOU could have told ME.”

Trunks reached down to adjust his belt, accidentally brushing against his lower stomach. He flinched as he felt the hardness of his bladder. “Oof, um… I couldn’t. I thought you’d… I thought you’d be ashamed of me.”

“I’m not,” Vegeta said. “Do we need to return to the house, or is there something we can do so you can handle yourself out here?”

Trunks’s blush returned. He didn’t want to admit it, but he doubted he could make it back to the house in time. He definitely couldn’t control his chi well enough to fly anymore, which would slow him down considerably. “When I trained with Gohan, if we were out in the middle of nowhere, he’d just fly off so I’d have privacy. But… When we were close to a more populated area like this, it was… Difficult. I… I trusted him, though. And… Sometimes I’d be able to go if he stood at my back and kept watch.”

“Do you trust me?”

Trunks thought about it. His father had been dismissive, downright cruel at times. He’d said things to him that no parent should ever say to their child. But, Father had also put himself in harm’s way to avenge his death. He’d obviously given Trunks’s younger counterpart a lot of care. He’d wanted to spar and train with him today. His father had changed, he wasn’t that person anymore. He didn’t WANT to be that person anymore.

And, his father obviously trusted HIM; Enough to tell him an embarrassing secret.

“Yes,” Trunks said.

“Then, I will keep watch,” Father said. “You will not be observed while I’m around.”

Trunks still couldn’t believe that this was actually happening, his father was offering him help, his father was speaking to him openly about something that shamed him. He really had changed a LOT from the last time Trunks had seen him.

“Alright,” Trunks said. “You’re actually serious? You’re going to help me?”

“Yes, boy. I want to test how strong you are and, until THIS is resolved, that’s not going to be possible.”

Trunks went behind a few bushes. He unbuckled his belt, and already felt an immense wave of relief overtake him. That thing sure knew how to cut into his bladder! He looked backwards nervously, his father was standing close by, but facing in the other direction. It was the same thing Gohan used to do.

Trunks unzipped himself and tried to let it out. All things considered, it should have been easier here than it was at home, in his own timeline. Even if he WAS outside, he didn’t constantly smell smoke, nor did he have to worry about Zamasu finding him when he was in such a vulnerable, compromising position.

Nevertheless, even when he strained, he couldn’t release the pressure that had built up inside of him. He squirmed, placing a hand against his abdomen, feeling the dense swell of liquid trapped there. It felt like it would be SO easy to just squeeze the thing and pump its contents out, but he knew better. He’d tried that before, he knew it would only make his situation worse. He’d send it pumping back UP, not out, and that was one of the worst pains he could feel. The last thing he needed was to hurt himself so badly that he started to cry. He already thought he was close to whimpering.

Even if Father also had trouble peeing, Trunks was sure it never made him tear up or make embarrassing noises; He was too strong for that.

Trunks tried for a few more seconds, forcing himself to go still and move his feet shoulder-width apart, trying to give his bladder a completely unobstructed pathway to flow through in the hopes that this would tempt it into releasing. It didn’t, he just received a few more urgent pangs, which made his legs shake with the desire to cross back together again. A hiss of frustration made its way past his gnarled teeth.

Oh no, he was whimpering. Father had definitely heard. Father was going to be so ashamed.

“… Trunks, have you ever found my chi relaxing?” Father asked him instead.

“What…?” Trunks couldn’t keep the bafflement out of his voice.

“If you concentrate on my energy, does that ever soothe you in any way?”

Trunks hesitated. Father’s energy was a dense cloud of constantly flaring, surging sparks. If Trunks focused too much on Father’s chi, all he could feel was how tense he was. The only ‘soothing’ effect it could have was of the basic, instinctual sort; It was at least a reminder that his father was nearby.

In this case, it was a reminder that his father, rather than judging him, was actually trying to help. A reminder that his father had changed.

“Kind of,” Trunks said.

“Focus yourself on that, then,” Father said. “You can do this.”

Trunks’s heart skipped a beat. It didn’t matter what it had been for; His father had just encouraged him, his father had actually told him that he could do something. HIS father!

Something inside of him shifted, and his valve opened wide, liquid at last expelling itself from his over-burdened, sore bladder. He couldn’t help but let out a soft moan, the tension snapping apart and leaving him in bliss. He hoped Father hadn’t overheard that…

He was also self-conscious about the amount of fluid pouring out of him. Even knowing how much Father released after he’d been desperate, he was still embarrassed after two full minutes had passed and he was still going as forcefully as ever. He wasn’t even close to being done. It was another minute before he even started to slow down, and then he was just trickling into the grass for several more seconds.

He felt much better, a little tender in his lower stomach, but the sensation that something in him was ripping had gone away. He flinched a bit as he re-fastened his belt, tightening it back around his exhausted midsection. Then, he stood there awkwardly. He and Father couldn’t just jump right back into training as if nothing had happened, could they?

“Are you alright now?” Father asked. “I still want my fight.”

“Y—Yes, Father,” Trunks said. “Sorry…”

Vegeta turned to face him, frowning. “Don’t apologize for things you can’t control.”

“It’s embarrassing.”

“Believe me, I know,” Vegeta said. “What you have is…”

“… Medical?” He recalled Buu asking. “Like sickness? But then, that would mean it isn’t Vegeta’s fault. Buu doesn’t understand. Why so embarrassing if it’s not Vegeta’s fault?”

“What you have— What you, me and your uncle all have— is a medical condition,” Vegeta told Trunks. “And, that means it isn’t your fault. And, it IS embarrassing, but we can all fight it.”

“… I have an uncle?” Trunks asked.

“Right, you wouldn’t know of him,” Vegeta said. “It’s a long story. My point is, you’ve already shown me how strong you can be, you can fight this, too.”

Trunks’s stomach felt fluttery. His father was really, seriously encouraging him. His father thought he was capable of working through this. And, for the first time ever, Trunks thought he might be, too.

*005*2025-03-03 18:48

The first time Vegeta went into the future, he managed to embarrass himself a little bit. As soon as the time machine was repaired, sitting there out in front of Capsule Corp, he spoke to the older version of his son; “Come on, Trunks. Let’s go.”

Trunks nodded. “Right.”

They approached the time machine, and were stopped by Bulma shaking her head fiercely. “Nope, NOT right.” She said, firm. “I think BOTH of you are forgetting something!”

Vegeta blushed, and he saw his embarrassment mirrored on his son’s face. “Tch… We don’t need reminders, woman…” he muttered, making his way back inside. Trunks followed after him silently.

Traveling in the time machine added to the awkwardness Vegeta was already feeling after that. Kakarot had been away from Earth— FAR away from Earth— for a little while. He’d been summoned to meet with that Zeno creature they’d first seen at the tournament, Vegeta wasn’t sure why.

What he was sure about was that he hadn’t enjoyed the absence of Kakarot’s chi while he was gone. His body kept instinctively searching for it and trying to latch on, that annoying off-kilter feeling returned every time he failed.

So, being crammed close together with Kakarot inside of the time machine, feeling his energy so strongly… It was a welcome change. But, the calmness— the rightness— was so annoying at the same time. What if Trunks could tell how soothed Vegeta felt around Kakarot? Could Trunks sense the steadying in Vegeta’s own chi when Kakarot bumped shoulders with him?

Vegeta made sure to keep his expression tense, at the very least. He didn’t like being so close to Kakarot— Of course he didn’t. It was just his stupid body and brain that liked it. Not him.

When they arrived in the future, it looked even worse than what Vegeta had been imagining. Dilapidated buildings, smoke and soot as far as he could see. It was dim, but what few streetlights remained weren’t on, so it was apparent that electricity must have been mostly a thing of the past. The same probably went for other basic comforts, like heat and plumbing.

… How did Trunks survive here? How did Trunks survive here with The Problem?!

Before he could think too much about that, Vegeta managed to embarrass himself yet again when some soldiers attempted to shoot at Kakarot, mistaking him for their enemy. Vegeta’s heart pounded so loud and a wave of cold sweat gushed from his pores at the sight of the weapon being pointed towards Kakarot.

‘What is WRONG with you?!’ Vegeta scolded himself. ‘Bullets can’t even hurt him to begin with, and you’ve seen him have holes gouged straight through him before! Settle down!’ Why had this been happening so much lately? Every time he saw Kakarot injured or in danger, he just had this big volt of panic. Kakarot being hurt or putting himself in harm’s way was normal, he’d watched it happen for years without this bullshit happening!

After Trunks explained who Kakarot actually was, they were led to a bunker where Trunks reunited with his friend Mai. Vegeta noticed him tearing up, having thought he had lost her.

Instantly, an image popped into his head; Himself, collapsed on that bed in Kakarot’s little hut, sobbing until his voice broke because, while he could smell Kakarot’s scent, he couldn’t sense his energy— And thought he never would again.

He cringed at the memory— And at the way he suddenly found himself moving closer to Kakarot.

They followed Mai to a base, which was where Vegeta assumed Trunks occasionally slept. It was one huge open room, filled with people; The few survivors left in the city, Vegeta figured. They were all frightened of Kakarot when they first saw him, and Trunks again had to explain who he was.

He couldn’t imagine what it would be like not to feel comforted when near Kakarot. He tried not to grimace at his own thoughts.

He also couldn’t imagine how Trunks managed The Problem here. He had noticed a mostly destroyed outhouse back up near the entrance to this bunker. Was that the only option around here? The thing didn’t even have a proper door, the top half of it had been missing, the latch had been gone… The other outhouses they’d passed were in a similar condition, too.

Vegeta had been hopeful that his son had never needed to experience the criminally torturous back pains, but if THIS was all he had to work with, he knew he must have had them several times by now.

When the time came to fight Kakarot’s clone— Possibly Zamasu, if Beerus and Whis were correct— Vegeta had to focus himself on the clothing the clone had on, and the feeling of his chi. He had to fight the false Kakarot with the intent to kill, and if he paid too much attention to his face, that would be impossible.

The Kakarot clone didn’t dress like the real Kakarot, though. The real Kakarot wore that bright, garish orange gi, this one was in all grey and black. His energy felt completely warped, too. That was the most obvious difference. There was nothing serene anywhere in it, it was completely stormy all the way through.

Even focusing on that, Vegeta wasn’t able to defeat the clone, and got himself badly injured, to the point he basically just dropped down onto the ground in a heap. Kakarot went off to fight next, telling Trunks to make sure Vegeta was okay.

While Kakarot fought, Zamasu arrived, confusing Vegeta to no end. He’d thought Zamasu was embodying the clone, but apparently not? The arrival of a second enemy prompted Trunks to join in, and eventually their opponents were charging up an attack meant to obliterate the both of them.

Vegeta’s eyes went wide. Ever since that memory had forced its way into his brain earlier, he’d been unable to forget how much pain he’d been in when Kakarot died. What would happen if Kakarot was killed while in a different timeline? Would there be any way to bring him back? And, what about Trunks?

That was his son. That was his Kakarot.

Vegeta somehow found it in himself to launch one more blast and thwart the one coming from their opponents. But, he’d used up the very last of his energy. Between that and the damage he’d sustained in battle, he could no longer remain upright. He could no longer even remain conscious.

***

Vegeta was relieved when he opened his eyes and saw that he was in a well-lit, air-conditioned room that he recognized. He was back in his own timeline, with all of its comforts. He sensed both Kakarot and Trunks were near him as well, which gave him some hope that they’d been victorious.

The sound of Bulma’s voice shouting dashed that completely. “I put in all that time getting the time machine and fuel ready, and then you ran into battle without even taking the senzu beans?!”

Vegeta faced her direction. She did not look pleased. Beside her, Trunks— the younger Trunks— was stifling a laugh.

“Oh, yeah,” Kakarot said. “I guess we did screw that up. So, where’d you find that bag?”

Bulma scowled and narrowed her eyes. “Are you sure you want me to answer that, Goku?!”

Trunks giggled; “Up on the toilet…”

“That makes sense,” Kakarot nodded. “I think I had to use the bathroom right before we left.” He smiled. “Hey, at least I wasn’t the one that needed to be reminded to go this time, right? That was a first!”

Vegeta flinched and glared at Kakarot even harder than Bulma already was. Dammit! He’d actually managed to forget about that part of the day’s annoyances! “I know places they will never find your body!”

While they waited for Bulma to prepare more fuel for the time machine, everyone tried to figure out what Zamasu was doing and how he’d managed to get hold of a cloned Kakarot; Why his chi and the clone’s chi felt so similar.

They thought the clone may have been something Zamasu wished for with the Super Dragon Balls, and that Zamasu must have also wished for invincibility at some point, which would explain why nothing seemed to faze him.

Beerus decided to just go ahead and destroy this timeline’s version of Zamasu, insisting that it would get rid of the version in the future as well. Trunks was doubtful and wanted to go check.

The second trip was no less embarrassing for Vegeta.

Kakarot, Bulma and Trunks all crammed into the time machine, and Vegeta remembered to pee before joining them, without being told. Unfortunately, this wouldn’t be enough to save him from humiliation.

When they reached the other timeline, it was obvious right away that Beerus’s plan didn’t work. It looked exactly the same as before, a completely destroyed city covered in debris. None of them were too shocked by this news; Trunks curing Kakarot of his heart virus in one timeline hadn’t brought him back to life in the other.

A soldier took them to see Mai, who was badly wounded. Kakarot gave Trunks a senzu bean— Which he REMEMBERED to take this time— in order to heal her. With Mai unconscious, the only way to get it into her system was for Trunks to chew it up and transfer it into her mouth, like a bird feeding its offspring.

It worked, but then Kakarot had to go and open his own stupid mouth; His eyes widened in shock. “Whoa. What was that, Trunks?” He asked. “You put your mouth on hers, that’s so weird!”

Vegeta groaned; “Kakarot, you know what a kiss is! You’ve done it before!”

Kakarot tilted his head at him. “Huh? No, I haven’t! Of course not!”

Dammit, what was this fool’s problem. He knew full-well what a kiss was! He’d kissed Vegeta’s cheek plenty of times now! And, he’d always referred to it, by name, as kissing. Had Kakarot taken too many blows to the head during that last fight or something?! “You’re married, and have children!”

“Yeah, duh. But what’s that have to do with kissing…” Kakarot shrugged, his annoying, confused expression returning. “Whatever that even is!”

Idiotic, brain-dead, irritating… “It’s THIS you idiot!” Vegeta stomped over to Kakarot, grabbed him by the sides of his head and yanked him downwards so that he could press their lips firmly together. Kakarot’s mouth didn’t taste as bad as he’d thought it would… In fact, it tasted minty, like he’d used mouthwash recently. Vegeta hadn’t realized Kakarot even knew what that was. He was shocked he even brushed his teeth.

As he worked his tongue inside of Kakarot’s mouth, he felt their chis intertwining again, like it did when they hugged, the light floating of Kakarot’s energy smoothing out the rough, jagged edges in Vegeta’s…

“Dad?!” Trunks exclaimed.

Vegeta jerked back away, stumbling and folding his arms. His entire body lit aflame. He’d— He’d kissed Kakarot. In front of witnesses! The majority of them were just strangers from a different timeline, but still! “He was being irritating! I had t—“

Kakarot was laughing, his moronic grin on his face. “Alright!” He exclaimed. “See, Bulma? I told you I could do it!”

Bulma began to giggle as well. “I— I see that, Goku… That was adorable.”

“What…” Vegeta spluttered. “What do you mean?! Do WHAT?!”

“Okay, it’s like this; Chi-Chi said it’s okay for me to kiss ya on the lips now,” Kakarot explained. “And Bulma said ‘There’s no way you’re gonna get Vegeta to do that FIRST’… But, I did it! Just gotta know the right button to push!”

Vegeta stared back at Kakarot.

No.

No way.

Kakarot had NOT just played him for a fool.

That had NOT happened! That was impossible!

He’d… He’d been planning to do something like this, hadn’t he? That explained the mouthwash… He’d just been waiting for an opportunity…

“Dad!” Trunks said, louder this time. “What was that about? Mom…?”

“Tch… The three of us, and Kakarot’s wife... We have… An understanding,” Vegeta said. “This is an arrangement that was common for Saiyans back when we still had a planet.”

“But, I thought you didn’t like Goku.”

“I DON’T!” Vegeta insisted.

“Vegeta,” Kakarot said. “You just kissed me.”

“TO PROVE A POINT.”

“We hug a lot,” Kakarot listed off. “We say ‘I love you’ to each other, we slept in the same bed for a really long time…”

“None of that means I LIKE you!”

Bulma was laughing even harder now. “Oh no, of course you don’t.”

“… So, um, what’s happening is that Dad’s with you AND Goku?” Trunks asked.

“Yes,” Bulma said. “Your father’s such a softie deep down, that he has too much love for just ONE person.”

“I— I—“ Vegeta struggled to find the words to adequately express how deeply he resented that statement!

As if kissing Kakarot in front of an audience hadn’t been bad enough, they ended up losing to Zamasu and the Kakarot clone again.

Vegeta at least solved the mystery of who the clone WAS, though. He was the version of Zamasu from their own timeline that had used the Super Dragon Balls in order to swap bodies with Kakarot.

The other Zamasu, the one that didn’t resemble Kakarot, was the one that originated from Trunks’s own timeline. They had teamed up in order to destroy all mortal beings in existence, which Vegeta thought was the dumbest plan he’d ever heard. There were a LOT of people he didn’t like, but what would be the point of being the only thing left alive in the universe? He’d have no one to fight, no one to prove himself to, no one to surpass.

He WOULD be able to piss whenever he wanted if he was the only living thing in existence… Was THAT what Zamasu’s big issue with mortals was caused by? There were better ways to get privacy than just killing everyone.

Vegeta and Kakarot had to return back to their own timeline while Trunks continued to fight both versions of Zamasu. Vegeta informed everyone that Beerus’s plan hadn’t changed anything, and he tried to stop feeling so tense over the injuries Kakarot had received. He also tried not to feel so frustrated when Bulma made him drink a large bottle of water while they explained the identities of both Zamasus to Beerus.

He was indeed very thirsty, that was the thing. He’d been fighting hard all day, the dust and ash that coated Trunks’s timeline had done a number on his throat. He felt like he’d been swallowing mouthfuls of sand, and each sip of the water felt GOOD.

But, he knew that he would be going back into the future soon, once they had come up with a plan to defeat these guys. He had no idea how long he’d be staying this time, where relief would be impossible. A very loud part of his brain wouldn’t stop screaming at him that drinking ANYTHING was a bad idea, no matter how much his tongue and throat begged for it.

After he’d finished the water, he tried taking a walk to clear his mind. There must have been some way to destroy the Zamasus, but he couldn’t figure it out. One of them seemed to be completely indestructible, the other had all of Kakarot’s strength. Fighting both of them simultaneously was one of the biggest challenges Vegeta had ever faced.

Nearing the end of his walk, he overheard Trunks and Goten both begging Bulma to let them fight as well. At first, Vegeta was proud. Even if he’d never allow the younger Trunks to take part in this— It would be too much for him at his level— it pleased him to know that the boy was so determined.

But then, Bulma had to say it…

“Goku is our best chance.”

Bulma didn’t think Vegeta could do this. She thought he was guaranteed to lose. And, he couldn’t get that out of his head.

Which, perhaps, was why his third trip into the future would prove to be the most humiliating out of all of them. So preoccupied with other thoughts, Vegeta forgot to relieve himself before getting in the time-machine. And, this time, no one reminded him. He crammed himself in with Trunks, Kakarot and Bulma one more time, and none of them said a word. They must have been thinking of other things as well; They had a plan to defeat the Zamasus, they would use a move called the Evil Containment Wave, which would seal the pair away inside of a jar forever.

That sounded like the only way to defeat an opponent that was indestructible, so Vegeta had high hopes of it working out.

Vegeta realized what he’d done to himself the second they arrived in the future, a dull thudding throb appearing at the base of his cock, accompanied by small tingles in his midsection. He’d drank so much water, he hadn’t released any of it. And now, the one place he could piss was in a different timeline. “Stupid,” he muttered bitterly to himself.

But, at least the Evil Containment Wave thing sounded like it could be performed quickly. They should be back home soon enough, just had to—

The Zamasus arrived within the minute, and threw one quick blast at the time-machine, destroying it.

…

Fuck— No— What— What did— Did that mean Vegeta would NEVER be able to get home?! Was he stuck here for good?! He couldn’t be expected to live here! Not in these conditions! Not with his Problem! He’d have to ask Trunks for pointers, for advice, for how to manage, for—

“There will be no more retreating,” the Kakarot-Zamasu said.

“Now, you’re trapped here,” agreed the other. “So, this world will be the last thing you ever see.”

Vegeta didn’t have to go that bad yet— It was just a minor irritation, nothing more than that. He could worry about his bladder once he’d taken care of these two. “This isn’t going to be OUR final resting place, it’s going to be yours. We were even going to bring you a casket, but we couldn’t find one small enough.”

Zamasu responded by… Just rambling on and on and on about how much he hated mortals. He sounded like a broken record, and none of it made any sense. He kept mentioning how the universe needed to be made peaceful, but for what purpose? No one would be able to enjoy it. Looking around, there wasn’t even any grass. Zamasu must have killed the plants as well.

Vegeta tried to focus on Zamasu’s incoherent plan to take his mind off of the building urge to relieve himself. But, that didn’t work for long. He couldn’t stop mentally scolding himself. How could he have forgotten to go? He should have known better than to head to a different part of his own city without peeing first, let alone transport himself to a different timeline where proper bathrooms didn’t even exist!

Vegeta leaned his weight to one side, finding that this soothed his bladder slightly, making it easier for him to forget that it wasn’t empty. He had to ignore it, after all. The upcoming battle, due to begin whenever Zamasu finally decided to shut up, was far more important. Besides that, the sooner he dealt with the Zamasus, the sooner he’d be able to figure out how to deal with his need.

Vegeta eyed Kakarot, not seeing the jar required to seal away the Zamasu’s in his hands. Oh, dammit, what if the idiot had managed to forget THAT too, just like he’d done with the senzu beans earlier. “Hey, Kakarot. Where are you keeping that jar?”

Goku turned towards Vegeta. At first, he was feeling pretty proud of himself; He hadn’t forgotten the jar. He’d even made it a point NOT to use the restroom before leaving even though he’d already been kind of needing to, just so that he wouldn’t accidentally leave it behind. He’d had it in his hands as they got into the time machine, and then he’d… “Oh, crap! It was still in the time machine when they blew it up!”

Vegeta glowered. Just great! So much for ending this quickly and finding some way to soothe his aching bladder. “How could you be that stupid?!”

“Hey, don’t blame me! You forgot it too!”

“Because I thought you still had it WITH you!”

“Well I didn’t exactly have a place to put it!” Goku insisted, raising up his arms to show Vegeta. “See?”

“Fine,” Vegeta groaned. A small throb radiated out from between his hips, just hearing the news that he’d have to hold out for longer than he’d been planning to was enough to make his urge worsen. He needed to clobber both of these guys, and he had to do it fast. “What’s done is done. I’d rather win this with our fists than with some magic trick anyway.”

“I was just thinking the exact same thing!” Goku agreed. He was really excited to begin battling, not only were the Zamasus both really strong, but he really wanted to start powering himself up soon. Skipping the restroom may have prevented him from forgetting the jar— for as much good as THAT had done— but his body wasn’t very happy with him for it. The pressure between his legs wasn’t something he could just brush aside and pretend wasn’t there anymore He was tightening his thigh muscles every few seconds, trying to quell the annoying pangs inside of him.

He was tempted to start untying his belt and just relieving himself where he stood. It wasn’t like he could make this place any messier than it already was, and it might shock Zamasu so much that it got him to focus again. But, if the Zamasus finally decided to start attacking before Goku was done, that could cause a real problem. Goku grimaced as he imagined himself getting knocked over while mid-stream. Even he had to admit that that would get really gross really fast.

So, he’d have to hold on until the battle actually commenced, then he’d let it all out while his chi was charging. He could be patient and wait for that, he thought. The little spasms happening periodically inside of his bladder weren’t SO bad. He could endure them by raising himself up onto his toes or jiggling on his heels. Besides, the knowledge that he would be nice and empty as soon as he started fighting assured him that he didn’t have to worry. Relief wasn’t that far from his grasp.

Or so he thought.

Just when it looked like the fight was about to start, they were interrupted by the arrival of two Supreme Kais. Shin, the one from Goku’s own universe, and Gowasu, the one from the tenth universe and Zamasu’s former master. The Zamasu’s turned their attention towards them and attempted to attack, so Goku and Vegeta had to quickly power up to block them.

“Go, you shouldn’t be at this fight,” Goku said. “All you’ll do now is get in our way.” With his chi flaring now, Goku was trying to let his bladder empty, but finding it a little more difficult to do it now. For this particular ‘technique’ to work, he had to either genuinely lose control and wet himself, or concentrate for several seconds on unclenching his muscles. He was not so desperate that he was overflowing yet, hadn’t taken any hits to his bladder, and it wasn’t easy to focus on peeing himself while having a conversation. So, his liquids stayed right where they were, lower abdomen continuing to pound with need.

“The truth is, Gowasu insisted we come,” Shin explained.

“I’m not leaving. This fool was my apprentice, and my responsibility, so I’ll see this through to the end,” Gowasu said.

That sounded like Goku wouldn’t be able to convince either one of them to leave. He would just have to try and keep the Zamasus away from them.

***

Vegeta had decided to take the Kakarot clone as his opponent while Kakarot himself dealt with the other one. He was focusing on two things; differentiating the fake Kakarot from the real one, and preventing any attacks from landing too close to his bladder.

The first was easy; Now, it wasn’t just the clone’s clothing and chi that were wrong, but now his hair wasn’t right, either. Kakarot didn’t have any transformations that turned his hair pink, so at this point the two looked and felt completely different. Fake Kakarot was also far sloppier with his moves than the real one was. Vegeta smirked to himself upon realizing this; Kakarot’s strength and abilities had been obtained through hard work, this false version had merely stolen them for himself and didn’t even know how to properly use them.

The second was much harder. If there was one thing the clone HAD gotten the hang of, it was wielding Kakarot’s speed. Vegeta had to jerk himself out of the way quickly whenever he saw a foot or fist coming close to his lower abdomen.

He was considering trying the ‘technique’ again, just so that he would be able to concentrate a little easier. But, when he gave it a few attempts, he didn’t even manage to feel that sharp pinch at his tip that always told him he was close to going. His body didn’t want to let anything out. And, when he thought about it, he realized that the few times he’d been successful with this method, he’d been very desperate at the time.

Right now, Vegeta had to go badly, but he wasn’t bursting at the seams. It was apparent that, while his bladder was full enough to become a constant distraction to him, it did not have enough inside of it for him to actually do something about it. For the ‘technique’ to work, he had to be exploding, not merely uncomfortable.

So, he tried his best to just ignore the need, and focus on this fight. His chi burning brightly all around him, reassuring him that if he DID eventually spring a leak, no one would know, made that easier. He succeeded in putting his opponent on the rocks for a while.

***

Goku kept begging himself to let go and pee, but Zamasu was SO fast, requiring him to dodge and leap around constantly. If he could just stand still and focus for a couple seconds, he KNEW his bladder would begin to unload itself. Being stuck in constant, defensive motion meant that his abdominal muscles kept tightening up, holding back when all he wanted to do was let go.

Goku was even TRYING to get Zamasu to slam him really hard in the bladder— THAT would surely knock everything loose in an instant, but it was almost like Zamasu knew that Goku WANTED to be hit there, because he kept aiming around his feet and chest instead. A hit there would do nothing to resolve his situation.

Adding to his discomfort, Vegeta was going NUTS in his own battle. If the constant spiking of his chi wasn’t indication enough, the way the ground kept shaking sealed it. The last thing Goku needed to feel was that jittery rumbling beneath his feet, his bladder sloshing with the motion and throbbing away with extreme bolts of need.

He just needed a second or two to focus and get the stream started. Once it was flowing, he knew it would continue to pour until he was completely emptied out, even if he was zipping around and tightening up. He’d never stopped mid-release before, he didn’t even think he COULD do that. The couple times he’d had to try and cut it off before he was finished, his straining had only caused him to pee more forcefully. As soon as he’d opened the flood-gate, it would be over.

But, with no chances to slow down and stand in place, he couldn’t GET it open.

***

Things went from bad to worse. Just when it looked like Goku and Vegeta were finally going to defeat both Zamasus, they used their Potara earrings to merge themselves into a single entity.

“Be grateful that you are allowed to witness this form, mortals. The one and only deity in the entire universe; The birth of Fused Zamasu.”

And, together as one being, the Fused Zamasu was easily able to overpower both Goku and Vegeta. The worst part of that was how not a single blow managed to knock the piss out of Goku. In fact, it was quite the opposite. Every time he was slammed into, every time he was blasted, every time he was thrown to the ground, his body instinctively tightened up to lessen the impact. He couldn’t help it, years of harsh training and conditioning had taught him that that was what he HAD to do to avoid serious pain and get knocked out of the fight too soon.

This meant that each time he was hit, he just had to endure the ripping, tearing aches that flared through his middle, his body trying so hard to push everything out, but his clenching making that an impossibility. He yearned for just a few moments to pause and breathe, knowing that was all it would take for him to begin spraying like his life depended on it.

But, Zamasu was even faster now, he didn’t hesitate for a second. The fact that he was now a single person, trying to fight two different opponents, didn’t faze him a bit. Going after Vegeta didn’t distract him from Goku long enough for Goku to start peeing. Goku’s heart was thundering, was he seriously going to lose this just because he didn’t have any time to pee? Oh, why had he thought that leaving his own timeline without using the bathroom would be a good idea?! If he could go back in time, he’d stop himself. But, the time-machine was still broken, so that wasn’t an option, either.

As Vegeta was thrown harshly against the ground once again, he released a muffled, pained yelp. He’d landed on his FRONT that time, all of his weight slamming atop his bladder, crushing the Hell out of it. He felt like it was being prodded at with billions of tiny needles, all trying to gouge through its tough surface. It stung and burned and he just wanted to go.

He kept trying. His chi was still charged. He COULD get away with it. He’d even felt himself on the cusp of a leak a few times, but then, purely out of habit, he’d tense his thighs or cross his legs to hold it back. He’d curse himself out silently upon realizing what he’d done. He WANTED to leak. He NEEDED to leak. Zamasu was overwhelming him so much, he needed to get rid of his bladder’s contents to have ANY hope of victory now.

He just couldn’t do it, though. He could just FEEL his muscles locking themselves up further the harder he tried, the more panicked he became. He was being beaten down. He was going to lose. He was going to fail to save his son’s world. And, a lot of that was thanks to his inability to just give in to his bladder and void himself.

They eventually found themselves taking cover behind some debris, surrounded by Trunks, Gowasu and Shin. Goku was miserable, almost in tears. He finally had time to sit and focus, but it was doing him no good. He’d powered down, so that meant he couldn’t wet himself without everyone noticing. He also couldn’t charge his chi back up, he was so full that he couldn’t control it anymore, couldn’t grab onto it, couldn’t raise it.

All he could do was rock back and forth where he sat, trying hard not to whimper. He considered just giving up, letting himself have the accident he so badly needed to have. He’d be very embarrassed, but he’d get over it quickly— And he’d feel SO much better. He’d be able to fight again, properly now.

He shut his eyes, and was just about to give in, when he had another idea. It would help with his bladder, AND make it easier to defeat Zamasu.

Shin had Potara earrings, too. He and Vegeta could just turn into Vegito again. They’d be way stronger, and their bladder would be larger. It would be so much bigger that Goku doubted he’d even feel an urge anymore!

Right?

He looked at Vegeta, noting the twitching in his shoulders and thighs. It looked like Vegeta had to go a little bit as well. So, maybe they WOULD feel a bit of the need when they combined. But still, with their combined strength and… combined… bladder-sizes, no way would it be nearly as extreme as what Goku was enduring now.

“Okay, Vegeta. It’s time,” Goku said.

Vegeta frowned, and Goku didn’t miss the little shudder going up his spine. “For what?”

“For the Potara. We’re gonna fuse, just like them!”

“Wait, you and father can combine?” Trunks asked.

Vegeta scowled. Seriously?! No. No way. They were NOT fusing. Especially not now! It was blatantly obvious that Kakarot was dying for a piss. He wouldn’t hold still, his hands kept mashing themselves against his crotch, he looked like he might have had tears in his eyes! He was bursting.

And… Vegeta was bursting, too. It was taking everything he had NOT to begin writhing around like the fool beside him. His pelvic muscles were tensed as hard as they would go. His whole body was trembling. His insides were gnarled and bloated. He didn’t even want to imagine what it would feel like if they FUSED when they were both like this. Vegito might just explode into billions of tiny particles within seconds of being formed.

Shin was already taking off his earrings, though. “Excellent idea, I thought you’d ruled that out.”

“Damn right we’ve ruled that out!” Vegeta snapped. “There’s no way I’m doing that again!”

“I don’t like this any more than you do, Vegeta,” Kakarot said. “But if we still need a major boost in power to break down his body, then it’s the best chance we’ve got. Come on, you’ve gotta admit I’m right about this.”

Vegeta looked away. Fusion MIGHT work against Zamasu, he was willing to concede that. But, still… Even though Kakarot had a smaller bladder, if he was THAT full, that meant there was a LOT more Vegeta would be adding to his already heavy load. Plus, it would all be flooding in instantaneously. He would have to adjust himself to a whole new level of pressure in a matter of seconds.

“It will only last an hour,” Kakarot said. “And then we’re back to ourselves.

Vegeta turned away, cringing and sinking his teeth into his lower lip. Should he try ordering Kakarot to pee first? Tell him that it was FINE to just whip it out right where he was, just this once? He’d probably have to explain some things to both of the Supreme Kais if he did that, though…

“Oh, come on!” Goku whined. He didn’t mean to sound like he was begging, but it came out as a plea anyway. He couldn’t help it! He needed the larger bladder the fusion would provide! His only other options were to have an accident in front of everyone, or try to carry on fighting while unable to control his chi. This one was the most preferable by a wide margin!

“Cut it out!” Vegeta commanded. “If you say one more word, then the answer is no! Damn it all… One hour, that’s it!”

Goku relaxed when he saw Vegeta fasten his own earring. In just a second, the thundering need stabbing away just below his belt was going to feel SO much more manageable. He felt their energies beginning to merge and fold together, felt their bodies being pulled closer, felt—

‘AHHHH!’ Goku screamed inside his mind. He did NOT feel his urge to pee settle down. He felt it AMPLIFY. He felt it amplify at least a hundred times! He must not have been paying enough attention to Vegeta! He’d completely misjudged the situation. He’d thought Vegeta only needed to pee a LITTLE, but from the fiery, brutal, all-consuming pressure exploding through their now-shared bladder, it was abundantly clear that his friend had been bursting, too.

‘Fuck… Fuck… Fuck…’ Vegeta thought. ‘Hurts… Hurts even more than I thought it would!’ The ache was quickly climbing up their back, reverberating in vicious pulses before it finally rammed into their kidneys with sick violence. It was the worst instance of the back pain Vegeta had ever experienced. It felt like they were having holes shot straight through them, and then like those holes were being filled full of salt and plugged with knives.

“Haah—!” Vegito exclaimed, eyes blown wide and oceans of sweat immediately cascading off of him as he doubled over, hands firmly nestling between his legs.

‘KAKAROT!’ Vegeta mentally exclaimed. ‘Stop! We’ve got to stand up— You’re embarrassing me!’

‘I can’t help it! You’re— You’re kind of in control too, aren’t you?! Ah, I didn’t realize you had to go real bad, too!’

‘The fuck?! You ALWAYS notice!’

‘I thought you only needed it a little bit! Not like this!’

Vegeta tried to claim control over their body, move their hands, uncross their legs and stand up properly, but he failed. Heat was scorching down their length, they needed to go NOW.

‘Kakarot, I can’t make us move— Get us to somewhere that we can void, and do it quickly!’

‘I can’t make us move either! And… And besides, where can we—‘

‘I don’t know!’

“Um…” Shin said. “… Is this supposed to happen when mortals fuse?”

“You guys alright in there…?” Trunks asked.

Vegito began to blush harder and harder, almost entirely thanks to Vegeta. “Y—Yes, I’m fine,” he said. “Just, adjusting to this new— Ah— This new form!”

‘I’m gonna try and make us do it right against this wall!’ Goku thought.

‘WHAT?!’ Vegeta replied. ‘But— The Kais and— And my son! They’re all right here! I can’t do that, Kakarot!’

‘I’ll handle it for us, you KNOW I can do that.’

‘Ack—! I—‘ It was either this or an accident, wasn’t it? If Kakarot could get them drained properly…

Vegito’s body shuddered as he turned to the side, facing the wall. Vegeta grabbed control for long enough to have him shout; “Don’t watch this!”

‘Calm down, Vegeta,’ Kakarot advised. ‘You’ve gotta stay calm, or—‘

‘I CAN’T STAY CALM!’

Vegito’s hands went to untie his belt, but before he could make any progress, warmth was spreading its way down his legs.

‘Ah, no!’ Goku thought, straining. ‘A—At least we’re charged up, right Vegeta?’

‘KAKAROT! NO! NO!’ Vegeta was in full-on panic mode now, trying even harder to strain Vegito’s holding muscles back into working order. ‘We AREN’T charged up!

‘OH, CRAP!’ That meant the liquid spilling out of them was very visible! That meant he was, sort of, making Vegeta have an accident in front of people! ‘STOP! STOP!’

“Ah— I’m sorry!” Vegito cried out. “This is all MY fault— Mine— Mine as in Goku’s, not Vegeta’s, he didn’t have anything to do with— Stupid— STUPID KAKAROT— What is WRONG with y— GAH!” Vegito worked even faster at his belt, finally pulling the knot loose and yanking his already forcefully spraying cock free, blasting the liquid out against the wall. He’d pissed so much into his clothes, but there was still a ton left inside of him. His body shook with relief, the parts of him that were made up of Goku were in Heaven. His body shook with humiliation, the parts of him that were made up of Vegeta were in Hell.

The conflict within made Vegito’s stream come out in a strange pattern. It alternated between shooting with wild, reckless abandon when Goku was more in control and able to pee without a care in the world, to slowing down to a dribbly, painful trickle when Vegeta was more in control, his anxieties and embarrassment causing all of Vegito’s pelvic muscles to tighten.

Emptying Vegeta’s bladder alone always took forever, piling on Goku’s bursting one meant even more time added to their release, and then combined with the slowing affect Vegeta’s anxiety brought… Vegito took AGES to get empty. Seven minutes— Almost eight!— before the last drops had pattered to the ground. He sighed loudly, which was definitely GOKU’S doing, before hesitantly turning around, which was definitely because of Vegeta. He shielded his crotch, it was noticeably sodden.

Trunks was covering up his face with his hands, blushing like crazy. The Kais both just seemed confused.

“What in the world was that?” Shin asked. “I’ve never seen that move before— And shouldn’t you have used it against Zamasu?”

So, apparently the Kais didn’t urinate. Lucky bastards…

‘Get us out of here, Kakarot!’ Vegeta pleaded internally. ‘They saw me— They saw me… They saw me have an— An…’

‘They saw VEGITO have an— Do that,’ Kakarot replied. ‘And, we got most of it out against the wall, right?’

‘Kakarot, we’re drenched. There’s no way you don’t feel that.’

“What WAS that?” Shin repeated. “Are you feeling alright? Is one of you sick?”

“They, um…” Trunks mumbled, still blushing. “Well, probably GOKU mainly, um… That’s…” He cleared his throat. “That’s something Saiyans do to… Restore their energy. It makes them stronger.”

“I see…” Shin said.

‘Oh, look at that, Vegeta! The Kais don’t even know WHAT just happened! And Trunks can tell that it was all my fault! You don’t gotta be embarrassed!’ Kakarot reassured.

‘I’m still embarrassed!’ Vegeta fumed. ‘GET US OUT OF HERE AND BACK TO THE FIGHT, NOW!’

‘Shouldn’t we power up to dry off first?’

‘Dammit, Kakarot…’

***

The day didn’t really improve much from there. Vegito did dry himself before going back into battle against Zamasu, so at least HE didn’t have to see him in soaked clothing. But, Vegeta was NOT in the best mood. Goku could tell that much— He could hear all of the guy’s thoughts after all. They were all angry, humiliated, and nervous.

Goku kept apologizing to him in his head as they fought. ‘I’m SO sorry, I didn’t mean for us to lose control at the last second like that, we were both trying really hard to hold it all in. It’s my fault we went in our pants a little.’

‘That was NOT a “little”, Kakarot!’

‘Well, we’re all dry now, and the only people who saw either didn’t get what was going on, or know it was all ‘cause of me. It’s okay!’

‘It was in front of my SON!’

‘Yeah, and he knows I was the one who did it, not you! He said so himself! It’s gonna be okay!’

‘That was shameful. I don’t— I’m still part of this thing, and I… I—‘

‘C’mon, focus on the fight, buddy… Hey, Zamasu’s still part me, right? We both know where my weaknesses are, so let’s—‘

‘Oh, I know! How about we exploit your weak bladder control, then?! See what that does!’

‘Heheh, yeah! Let’s try that! If we got him to wet himself, he’d be all “Grrrr, I had forgotten how fragile a mortal body can be! Oh, how I hate them! I can’t believe I’ve fused with one!”’

‘… Dammit, Kakarot. You weren’t supposed to just agree with me!”

‘Huh? Why not?’

‘I was trying to insult you!’

‘Oh.’

They ultimately couldn’t even really defeat Zamasu. After they unfused, they had to instead rely on a button which Kakarot had been given by Zeno during their visit, which would summon him at any time. The version of Zeno from Trunks’s timeline appeared. He was able to rid the world of Zamasu… At the cost of erasing the entire world from existence.

They had to hurry to get onto the time machine Bulma had thankfully repaired and get back to their own timeline. Vegeta’s shame only mounted. All in the span of a single day, he had pissed himself, given up in a fight, and literally run away.

Upon returning, the younger Trunks was very excited to see Vegeta get back safely, but Vegeta was far too embarrassed to say anything to the boy. He was too embarrassed to say anything to anyone. Even though no one in this timeline had seen him… Have an… Accident, his humiliation continued to worsen just by being near other people. He did his best to remain calm, cool and collected, but very quickly his resolve faltered. He claimed he was exhausted after the day’s battles and headed to his room, collapsing down onto his bed, face-first.

Maybe he could just live in this spot forever now.

He’d pissed himself with his son watching. He’d pissed himself with literal GODS watching. It didn’t matter if Trunks knew Kakarot was the one truly responsible. It didn’t matter if the Supreme Kais had no idea what urination actually was, it didn’t change the fact that he’d stood there in front of them in wet pants.

And then he’d lost the fight. He’d been joined to Kakarot, and they’d lost anyway. They’d failed so spectacularly that Trunks’s whole world had ended up being erased, after all Trunks had done to defend it.

He was so pathetic.

After a while, there was a knock on the door. Vegeta raised his head, confused. Bulma didn’t knock to get into her own room… But, then his worn-out body dimly felt Kakarot’s chi… “Come in, Kakarot,” he mumbled.

Kakarot did. He sat on the bed beside Vegeta. “Sorry, I would have come sooner, but I was taking the Zeno from the future to meet the other one,” he said. “Listen, about earlier, I’m super sorry for that, too. Believe me, I didn’t wanna do that, either. It was kinda embarrassing for me too, once I remembered we hadn’t charged up yet.”

Vegeta said nothing. Kakarot? Embarrassed? Really?

“I’m sorry,” Kakarot repeated. “I didn’t mean to. I just had to go so bad, and it happened. We, um… We had a lot in us, you know?” He paused. “We must be really strong, right? Together, we were holding so much that it overflowed Vegito, so we kinda outmatched him, right?”

Vegeta sighed.

Kakarot did as well. “Vegeta…?”

Vegeta grunted softly in acknowledgement.

“… Do you not love me anymore?”

Vegeta sat up. “Where did THAT come from, you idiot?!”

“I made you really, really mad, right? And, ashamed, and… Stuff… I messed up bad.”

“Kakarot, do you have any idea how many times Bulma and the boy have pissed me off?” Vegeta asked. “And, you’ve infuriated or embarrassed me to no end hundreds of times since we met. Yet, somehow whatever curse has forced me to love you people has refused to lift.”

“You still love me?” Kakarot asked.

“Unfortunately, Kakarot, yes.”

Kakarot’s shoulders slumped. “Okay! Okay, good! I was real worried.”

Vegeta rolled his eyes and laid back down.

“Vegeta?”

“Ugh, what NOW?!”

“… Can you explain what kissing is again? I think I forgot.”

“Fucking moron… How many times must I explain this to you? Fine, we’ll start over from the beginning!”

*006*2025-03-10 21:39

Trunks and Mai had to be taken by Whis to another timeline, since their own had been destroyed. Vegeta couldn’t help but wish he’d stayed around just a little while longer. Trunks would have been a good person to talk to about… The incident. Trunks shared his Problem, and had seen the whole humiliating affair. Unfortunately, Trunks headed off before Vegeta had worked up the nerve to speak with him about it.

So, instead, Vegeta found himself discussing it with Tarble the next time they talked. “Wow,” Tarble said. “You and your friend can fuse?!”

“Tarble, you aren’t listening. He embarrassed me. A—And, today I’ve sort of been having trouble… I’ve needed to turn the sink faucet every time I… You know.”

“Because you still feel embarrassed?” Tarble guessed. “But, your friend was the one who… It was mainly him that lost control, right? I don’t know how exactly that works if you guys are fused.”

“Yes, it was mostly him,” Vegeta said.

“And, you said the timeline, or whatever, where that happened doesn’t even exist anymore?”

Vegeta grimaced. “Unfortunately. We couldn’t even beat that asshole.”

“Well, if that whole timeline is gone, doesn’t that kinda mean it never happened?”

Vegeta paused at that. The timeline had been destroyed. Wiped from existence. “I still remember it happening,” he said. “I can’t forget the way it felt.”

“Yeah, but your friend and your… Other time-traveling son? They both didn’t care, right?”

“Yes, Kakarot took all the blame, and nothing embarrasses that idiot,” Vegeta said. “And, Trunks knew who was responsible. It didn’t take a genius to work that out.”

“Then, it’s not as bad as it could have been, at least,” Tarble said. “Oh, and I wanted to tell you something.”

“What?”

“I took Gure on a quick trip last week, and I forgot my capsule at home.”

“Tarble,” Vegeta scolded. “You know better than to—“

“It was the first time I ever forgot it,” Tarble said. “But, luckily we didn’t go too far from our own planet, so we could get back fast once I started to, um… Not feel comfortable anymore. Except, er, we landed kind of far from our house, and… Well, you know the bathrooms on my planet are a little easier for me to use since everyone there knows I need my privacy. But, it’s still not easy to get started sometimes if someone saw me heading in there.”

“You didn’t… Have the, um—“

“No back-pains,” Tarble said. “I just figured out a way to get myself to go a little quicker. All I had to do was shut my eyes really tight until I started. Have you ever tried that?”

“I have,” Vegeta said. “Sometimes it helps, sometimes it doesn’t. Sometimes I get too anxi… Um… I get tempted to open my eyes again, and I can’t resist.”

“Yeah, it was really hard for me to keep them shut for some reason,” Tarble agreed. “I had to kinda clench them. But, keep trying that, maybe it will help.”

Vegeta sighed. Perhaps it would. If he could prevent his runaway thoughts from talking him into opening his eyes back up again, maybe keeping them sealed shut until his stream started to flow would be possible.

***

A few days later, Beerus’s brother Champa paid a visit to Earth. He wanted another challenge between their universes, this time he decided on baseball, that ridiculous sport Yamcha enjoyed playing. Champa’s team contained most of the fighters he’d brought with him to the tournament, except for Hit and Frost. Goten and Vegeta volunteered to fill in for them. Vegeta thought it would be more enjoyable to play AGAINST Kakarot than WITH him.

Although, neither he nor Kakarot really understood the rules of this sport. Vegeta was slightly better off than Kakarot because Bulma had dragged him to watch Yamcha’s games so many times. Vegeta had never paid much attention during any of them, but had to assume he’d absorbed at least a little. He must have gleaned enough to beat Kakarot, at the very least!

For a while, Vegeta just sat on the bench and observed, watching far more closely than he ever had in the past. Kakarot was pitching, and he was definitely not any good at it. It was hard for Vegeta not to laugh out loud at him as he struggled just to figure out how hard it was okay for him to toss the ball. Vegeta just knew he’d HAVE to do a better job than THAT when his turn came.

It wasn’t long before Vegeta became distracted. Sitting beside him was Cabba, the small Saiyan he’d met at the tournament. And, Cabba kept drawing Vegeta’s attention away from the game. Cabba wouldn’t hold still, shifting his position every minute or so. His legs were pushed together as his hands gripped onto the tops of his knees. At one point, Cabba’s foot made contact with Vegeta’s shin, and Vegeta shot him a glare. Immediately, the smaller Saiyan turned his head away with an audible wince, and Vegeta turned back to the game.

Yamcha had taken over for the incompetent Kakarot, and Vegeta tried to keep a careful eye on everything he did. As much as he abhorred the idea, Yamcha was the only person here that Vegeta knew had any actual experience, and so he was the one to emulate.

It would have been a lot easier to take mental notes if Cabba hadn’t been fidgeting around so much. Every couple seconds, he started to move around again. It was putting Vegeta on edge. When Cabba’s turn at bat came, he still hadn’t settled down, his knees knocked together, making him appear as though he had no confidence at all. Vegeta was not surprised when he was easily struck out.

Vegeta’s team ultimately lost, which had absolutely nothing to do with him. How as HE supposed to know that he wasn’t allowed to hit people with the balls as hard as he could?! What kind of idiotic competition didn’t let someone knock out their opponent? It was complete nonsense!

Then, as if that weren’t annoying enough, Bulma told him that he should invite Cabba to dinner with them before he had to return to his own universe. “It would be a nice thing to do,” she said. “I don’t think he’s ever had Earth food before, and he IS your student.”

“I never agreed to take him on as a student,” Vegeta said, shaking his head. “I don’t DO that.”

“What about Trunks and Tarble?” Bulma asked.

“They’re family, it’s completely different.”

“We should still at least ask him,” Bulma said. “He’s a Saiyan, he’s bound to be awfully hungry.”

Vegeta’s frown deepened as Bulma led him back over to Cabba. His nervous behavior hadn’t settled down, even now that the game was over. Vegeta couldn’t blame him; Champa had tried to kill him for losing the fighting tournament, so he’d likely punish him for THIS loss as well. Especially considering how terribly he’d done.

Vegeta thought back to Cabba’s attempts at hitting the ball, finding himself shocked by the small Saiyan’s lack of hand-eye coordination. How could he hope to be a warrior when he was THAT clumsy?

He hadn’t seemed quite so uncoordinated back at the tournament. Then again, Vegeta himself had been having a Hell of a time staying focused and steady. He could have easily missed it. If Cabba WAS going to become his student, THIS would need to be fixed before anything else.

“I’d love to,” Cabba said softly in response to Bulma’s offer. “But… Um…” Hopping in place, he gazed off to his side. “Um… Champa will probably want us to return to our own universe soon. I should be getting ready to leave.”

Bulma glanced towards Champa, whom was still arguing with Beerus. She no longer knew what the topic of their feud even was, but it didn’t look like the discussion would be finished soon. “It looks like you have time,” she said.

Cabba’s focus shifted to the quarreling brothers, then back to Bulma, then to Vegeta. He fidgeted and shrank back. His knees rubbed, as he rose up onto the tips of his toes. “Oh, uh, well I also had some plans with a couple of my friends back on my planet.”

“See, Bulma?” Vegeta snapped. “HE doesn’t even want to do this.”

Cabba waved his hands. “Oh, no. Th—That’s not it at all!” He insisted. “I DO want to. There’s just… This other thing that I really need to go home for.”

“It’s alright,” Bulma said. “Don’t mind Vegeta. He’s just grouchy that Goku beat him at another thing today.”

“I STILL did better than HIM!” Vegeta exclaimed.

Cabba smiled a bit, drawing another scowl out of Vegeta.

“If you don’t have the time, that’s okay,” Bulma said. “I’d imagine you have a lot to do on your planet.”

Vegeta nodded, picturing it. He frowned, realizing that the image in his head of Cabba’s life was a lot hazier than he would have preferred it to be. Conjuring up a whole planet filled with powerful Saiyans going about their days should have been simple. Vegeta had lived in such a place once.

Yet, try as he might, he couldn’t do it. He tried to simply remember what his own planet had looked like, and found that those images were foggy as well. It shouldn’t have shocked him so much, considering how long it had been. He’d rewound his memories of his home-planet so many times that the tapes were worn out, of course details were getting lost. But, standing there, realizing that he couldn’t even imagine what it was like to be surrounded by other Saiyans, it left a nauseating, aching pit inside of his stomach.

“What are you going to do?” Vegeta blurted out before he could stop himself.

“H—Huh?” Cabba’s ankles pressed together for a moment as he looked up at Vegeta.

“On your planet, what are you going to do? What’s… What’s it like there?”

“Oh,” Cabba bit down on his lip, his pupils darting around in thought. “Uh… I was going to… Just spar with some of my friends. My planet has tons of arenas.”

“And there are… Lots of Saiyans there?” Vegeta cursed himself for the way his breath hitched.

“Yeah, of course there are,” Cabba said. He flinched again, his eyes squeezing closed. He put a hand against his stomach and grimaced.

“Are you sure you don’t have time for dinner?” Bulma asked, seeing his stumbling and pained expression. “You seem awfully hungry, and Earth’s food is really good.”

“Well…” Cabba shifted from foot to foot, indecisively. His eyes widened, and his restless motion stopped for a second. “N—No, I really have to get home.”

“Alright,” Bulma nodded. “We won’t keep you, then.”

Vegeta gave Cabba one more glance over, his behavior was… Familiar. It was probably just the resemblance he bore to Tarble that caused the wires to connect in Vegeta’s head, and once again he was speaking without thinking; “Cabba, is something wrong?”

Cabba stiffened up, straightening his posture at length. “N—No, master.”

“I’m not your—“

Before Vegeta could finish protesting, Champa was ordering everyone from his universe to return to his side.

“G—Gotta go,” Cabba said, hurrying off. Vegeta couldn’t help but notice the slow, clumsy and awkward quality to his steps.

He did not envy the other Saiyan, having to travel all the way to a different universe in that condition. Even HE hadn’t been able to endure that. He’d broken down before he could even try. And Tarb— CABBA wasn’t as strong as him.

The aching empty gash in his gut still hadn’t managed to seal itself.

He clenched his fists and turned away, muttering curses to himself. Cabba wasn’t Tarble. He had no obligation to care about Cabba. Cabba was just a little runt of a Saiyan that thought Vegeta could be swindled into taking him under his wing. It wasn’t going to happen.

Vegeta growled and stormed over to Cabba, grasping his arm.

“What are you doing?” Champa demanded. “Beerus, control your—“

“I need to have a word with him,” Vegeta snapped, almost gagging on his words. “M—Master to student…”

“Master?” Cabba asked, his squirming intensifying as Vegeta dragged him off. “I need to get back h—“

Vegeta took him back to the bench, where he was sure no one would overhear them. “Alright, out with it. Why are you so restless?”

“I’m… I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to bother y—“

“You are aware that Earth has ‘facilities’, aren’t you?”

The color drained from Cabba’s face, his teeth gritting together. “Y—Yeah…”

Vegeta hesitated again, aware that he wasn’t doing this correctly. He knew the sorts of thoughts that would be slamming through his head if someone ever just called him out on his desperation like that. “I can direct you towards some. I understand it’s an embarrassing thing to ask for. But, you aren’t going to enjoy the trip back home unless you—“

“I dunno if I can,” Cabba said. “I don’t like… Um… My friends tease me about it and say I have stage-fright. It’s hard to explain.”

Vegeta had been afraid of this. Cabba already had so much in common with Tarble. It wouldn’t shock Vegeta if Cabba’s issue had spawned from the same jumping off point as Tarble’s; Being so needlessly, annoyingly polite that he thought he should just hold his bladder to avoid causing problems for others.

“Right,” Vegeta said. “Well… I’m going to go get Kakaro—“ What was he saying? He could do this himself.

Cabba was HIS student.

He WOULD be using one of Kakarot’s ideas, though.

“You’re going to use the restroom here so that you don’t break anything on your way home,” Vegeta said. “I’m going to stand outside and hold the door closed. No one will get through me. You’ll have the room to yourself.”

“I can’t ask you to do tha—“

“Then don’t,” Vegeta said. “I’m just doing it. If you want me as your master, you need to keep your body in working order. That means not blowing it up. Now, come on.”

“Okay…” Cabba said, still hesitant.

Vegeta quickly took Cabba to the restroom on the other side of the field. He checked to make sure it was empty before encouraging Cabba to head in, then stood outside, holding the door shut, just as he’d promised. The method worked, just like it had for Vegeta when Kakarot had done it. Cabba returned looking relaxed and comfortable enough for a long trip.

“Thank you, master, I feel a lot better now,” Cabba said, lowering his gaze and blushing. Unlike the struggle he’d had picturing Cabba’s planet, Vegeta could easily imagine how awkward he must have been feeling.

“Don’t mention it,” Vegeta said. “Seriously. Don’t.”

Cabba nodded. “Of course not,” he said, rushing back towards his group.

Vegeta stood outside of the restroom for a few more seconds. He hadn’t noticed it before, but he actually needed to use it a little. He remembered Tarble’s advice, and his promise to himself to actually ‘try’ using public facilities. Would now be a good time?

He glanced back over his shoulder, seeing everyone else milling around. What if they noticed what he was attempting and made a big deal out of it? Besides, he was going to be heading home soon, which wasn’t far away at all. And, he barely had to go; He had a far better chance of success if the pressure in his bladder was higher, right?

He’d do it some other time.

Vegeta headed back, and as soon as Cabba and the others had departed, Kakarot was nudging him in the side and making him second-guess how badly he actually had to pee. “What do you want?”

“I noticed what you did for Cabba,” Kakarot said. “Look at you, being all nice.”

Vegeta groaned. “I wasn’t being nice,” he insisted. “He… He was an idiot, he didn’t even realize Earth had bathrooms on it.”

Kakarot’s brows raised. “Oh, that was it? I thought maybe…” He shrugged. “Well, never mind. It was still super nice of you to show him where he could go. Heading to another universe when he’s about to explode would have been a disaster.”

“I just didn’t want him disgracing the Saiyan name,” Vegeta huffed. “That’s ALL it was.”

Kakarot sighed. “You’re making new friends.”

“Am not, that’s ridiculous.”

“Heh, well, I’m still really proud of you.”

Vegeta turned away, trying to hide his blush. Why did that statement have to sound so… So amazing when it came from Kakarot’s mouth? Why did Kakarot have to make him feel so good? He was supposed to infuriate him!

A few days later, Kakarot did exactly that.

***

“I don’t get it!” Kakarot complained as he followed Vegeta into the gravity room. “Why are you so mad?!”

“Why do you think?!” Vegeta snapped. “Now, just get out! I want to be alone!”

“Is this just because I fought with Hit instead of you?” Kakarot asked. “You’re still the most fun to fight, you always have been! And, Hit was trying to kill me, of course I was gonna go all out!”

“Yes, Kakarot! I KNOW he was trying to kill you,” Vegeta yelled. He turned towards the control panel, his hand shaking as it hovered over the buttons. He was so tired… If doing all of those drills with Whis yesterday hadn’t worn him out enough, his inability to sleep last night had made it so much worse. “You don’t have to remind me!”

“Vegeta, we can fight right now,” Kakarot said. “You know I’m always ready to spar with you. Come on!”

He still couldn’t grasp it. How was he so oblivious?!

“I said I want to be alone!” Vegeta said. “If you’re too stupid to figure out why I’m pissed at you, then you can get lost!”

“Could you at least give me a hint?”

Ignorant… Moronic… “Hit was trying to KILL you!”

“Yeah, that’s what he does,” Kakarot said. He even had the audacity to shrug. “That’s the only way you’ll see him at his full-power. I figured that out at the tournament— He’s gotta hold back SO much otherwise.”

“Your heart was stopped,” Vegeta said. “For over a minute. You WERE dead. You— If that blast hadn’t jolted you back, you would have been—“

“Yeah, everybody would have had to wish me back with the Namekian dragon balls,” Kakarot agreed. “But, that wouldn’t take too long. Just a few months, right?”

Vegeta twisted back around to glare at him.

“Is THAT why you’re mad? You don’t wanna have to ask the Namekians for a favor? That’s just silly, Bulma or Chi-Chi could have been the ones to—“

“Kakarot, you— You— You have no idea what the fuck you’re talking about! That isn’t the problem, either!”

“Well, you won’t TELL me the problem, so how am I supposed to know?!”

Vegeta clenched his fists. It would feel so good to drive them into Kakarot’s idiot face right now. Was this really SO difficult to comprehend? After the LAST time Kakarot had been dead, Vegeta had… He’d HUGGED the fool once he realized that he was back for good, not just for a single day. That should have been enough for him to figure out what his loss would do to Vegeta. What it HAD done to Vegeta.

“Come on, just tell me. I can’t say sorry if I don’t know what I’m apologizing for!” Kakarot said.

How could he not just guess?! It should have been obvious! Vegeta’s eyes were suddenly burning, and he didn’t know why.

“Huh? Hey...” Kakarot said. “What’s that look for?”

Oh no, were the tears actually making their way out? Vegeta furiously scrubbed below his eyes, just to make sure they stayed dry. “K—Kakarot, I’ve… I’ve never told anyone this, and if YOU think of repeating it—“

“I won’t,” Kakarot promised. “I can keep your secrets as long as you want me to, you know that.”

“Right…” Vegeta nodded, hating himself for the wobbly quality to his voice. “Then listen up, because I’m only going to say this once. When you died, after Cell, I… I became very sick.”

“Hm?” Kakarot tilted his head, furrowing his brow in confusion. “Sick? What’s that got to do with—“

“I’m still not sure what ailment I’d managed to contract. But, for months, it was a struggle to even get out of bed. I could not train. I could not eat. I could barely be bothered to wash myself. It was like this weight was always pressing on top of me— So heavy that I don’t think I’d be able to lift it even at my current strength. And, no matter how much I laid in bed, I never felt any less exhausted. My stomach hurt, regardless of what I ate, or how much. I was hollow.”

“And… You feel sick again?” Kakarot guessed. “Maybe you shouldn’t train today, then.”

“No, I don’t feel sick again,” Vegeta said. “But… I think… I think that if you were to die, I WOULD.”

“What? Why would—“

“I talked to Bulma, I thought I’d contracted your heart virus. She told me I could retrieve the antidote from the hut near your house.”

“Oh, yeah. That’s where we put it after I got better. I spotted it the other day, it’s still there, if you need—“

“No, Kakarot,” Vegeta shook his head. “I don’t need it. My… My point is… When I entered that hut. I was… Alone, with a pile of your old clothes. It smelled like you. It all… I kept trying to feel your chi, like it just SHOULD have been there, but… It wasn’t. And, I…”

“Started to miss m—“

“Startedtocry,” Vegeta rushed it out in a single breath, throat constricting at the admission.

“Huh? You… You—“

“I… Started to cry, Kakarot,” Vegeta said. “I bawled my fucking eyes out. And, you know me, I DON’T cry. Hardly ever.”

“Only when you’re really, really hurt…” Kakarot murmured, eyes widening as comprehension dawned on his features. “Or… Like with Frieza, when… When one of the worst things possible happened to you…”

“Yes, Kakarot,” Vegeta said. “I h—had never cried like that before. I haven’t done it since. Something just… Took over, and… And I couldn’t stop. The strange sickness, whatever it was, only became more manageable after that. But, it came back occasionally. It… It only vanished for good once…”

“Once I came back,” Goku said with a nod. This was a new revelation. He’d never thought, even once, that Vegeta had missed him that badly. He knew Chi-Chi and Gohan must have cried for him, probably Bulma and Krillin too… But, he hadn’t imagined Vegeta would have done it as well. He hadn’t imagined Vegeta would have missed him so much that it made him sick, stopped him from being able to train, kept him from everything he enjoyed.

For seven years, the sickness kept coming BACK?! He remembered how Vegeta had behaved that day; The one that was supposed to be Goku’s only day back on Earth. Vegeta had gone nuts, single-minded on fighting with Goku, no matter the cost. At the time, Goku had thought Vegeta was just being a self-centered asshole with no regard for anyone but himself, only wanting to prove that he could finally beat Goku.

That hadn’t been it at all, had it?

At the core of it, what Vegeta had wanted was to spend TIME with Goku… He’d wanted one last fight, because having to say goodbye to him at the end of the day was going to hurt him so much. The unhinged means by which he tried to achieve his goal weren’t just from a desperation to win, they were from a desperation to make the most out of what little time they had left to spend together.

Goku hadn’t realized it back then. Maybe even Vegeta himself hadn’t realized it in the moment. But, now it was the only thing that made sense.

Vegeta couldn’t bear the thought of losing him again.

Vegeta couldn’t handle being separated like that again.

So, Goku putting a bounty on himself, ordering Hit to try to kill him… No wonder Vegeta was so upset about it.

“Vegeta, I’m sorry,” Goku said. “I… I didn’t… I didn’t think—“

“You NEVER think, that’s the problem!” Vegeta growled.

Goku frowned, a sinking feeling in his stomach. He’d been trying for so long to help Vegeta relax, that was what Vegeta needed most of all. Yet, now he’d been the one to make him worry such a painful amount. “Listen, I’m not gonna… I won’t do something like this again, okay? You’re right, I get into dangerous situations often enough without making more of them. I just… Wanted a fight, and I was trying to learn more about Hit, in case he’s at that tournament Zeno’s planning, and… I’m sorry. I didn’t think about how much it would make everyone worry.”

“Who says I was worried, clown?” Vegeta muttered.

Goku smiled, now it sounded like he was getting back to normal. He stepped closer and put his arms around Vegeta, feeling better when the other didn’t try to pull away. “Sorry, Vegeta… You’re gonna have to wait a little longer before you can get rid of me.”

“Dammit,” Vegeta said softly. Then, he turned and did something he’d never done before, he pressed his face into Goku’s chest and nuzzled against him. “Years and years of THIS nonsense to look forward to, huh?”

“Heh, looks like it,” Goku agreed. “Oh, hey! There’s something I’ve been wanting to do with you, maybe I can use it to make up for yesterday.”

Vegeta groaned, still not pulling away from Goku. “Great… What is it this time?”

“Okay, so I was trying to think of more stuff to help you relax, and I remembered this thing I went to with Chi-Chi once, and how she was real calm after it was done. Vegeta, do you wanna go to a spa with me?”

Vegeta did move away, but only slightly. “A spa?!” He repeated. The sauna he’d gone to with Bulma had been alright, aside from the attendants badgering him about drinking water after he’d been in the steam-room, he supposed… “But, why? You’re the only thing on this planet that can massage me properly.”

“I know,” Goku said. “But, spas do lots of other stuff, too. There’s, like, a steam-room. And, hot-tubs. And this quiet room where you have really tasty tea between the other stuff, and—“

“Drinking is not relaxing, Kakarot.”

“Oh, right. But, the steam-rooms and stuff are gonna make you sweat most of it out anyways,” Goku reminded. “Besides, I’ll be with you, and my Instant Transmission has still been working just fine!”

“Still seems pointless,” Vegeta said. “I can just take a hot shower here, and have you massage me.”

Goku frowned. He really thought this would help Vegeta out. It would be a whole day dedicated to making him relax, Goku couldn’t think of anyone who could need such a thing more than Vegeta did. “You know, it would probably be really funny to see what happens when a regular human tries to massage you.”

Vegeta smirked. “Oh, the look on their face would be priceless… With you too, I imagine. Even if you’re looser than I am, your body is still as tough as steel.”

Goku laughed. “It would be worth the trip just for that alone, right Vegeta?”

“I… Well, I guess…” Vegeta said. “But, we’re spending the entirety of the NEXT day training, got it?”

“Sure thing, Vegeta.”

***

The spa was pretty nice, Vegeta had to admit. Tidy and orderly, with soft music flowing throughout it. Vegeta could have done without the little waterfall feature in the entryway, but they didn’t have to stay near it long enough for it to cast its diabolical spell on him.

The massages would happen first. He and Kakarot would each be in the same room together, and that was when he began to feel a little more apprehensive. When Kakarot massaged him after a fight, Vegeta kept his clothes on. At most, he’d remove his chest-plate, but taking off the rest wasn’t really necessary, as far as he thought. The material clung right onto his skin, after all. It didn’t really get in the way.

Vegeta remembered how he used to climb out of healing tanks, completely naked even when other people were around, only covering up if Frieza happened to be present among them. He remembered how it hadn’t been a big deal. How, if anything, he’d enjoyed getting to flex his muscles in all their glory for an audience.

But, that was years ago now. And, he hadn’t been nude in front of anyone other than Bulma for a long time. Intentionally, anyway… He grimaced as he recalled Kakarot turning up uninvited in his shower.

It felt different, somehow, to be disrobing now.

Kakarot, naturally, did it without a care in the world, stripping everything off in a matter of seconds. It wasn’t anything Vegeta hadn’t seen before. Kakarot took his shirt off during fights often, and Vegeta had been forced to acquaint himself with the rest of Kakarot’s parts when they’d swapped bodies.

But this too felt different.

Maybe it was because they were both going to be nude, once Vegeta was finished with his own clothing… Which he was deliberately taking a while with, slowly unfastening his chest-plate.

Maybe it was because he’d finally admitted what that revolting ‘feeling’ he had for Kakarot was.

Maybe it was because they were in new place, about to have their bodies touched by strangers.

“Vegeta?” Kakarot asked. “Does that chest-thingy get stuck on you sometimes, or something? Need some help?”

“No, I’ve got it,” Vegeta said, pulling it off, then his shirt. That much was easy.

“Why do you keep staring at me?”

“Wha— I’m not staring— I’m not—“ Vegeta turned away, transforming his embarrassment into frustration like he’d done so many times before. “You’re SUPPOSED to cover up with a towel, you know?!”

“Oh, right!” Kakarot said. “Whoops!”

“Idiot…” Vegeta mumbled, then he just stood there for a few seconds.

“Vegeta, YOU’RE supposed to take the rest off,” Kakarot pointed out.

“I know, I know!” Vegeta said. “Just… Give me a moment.”

“It’s not like I’ve never seen it before,” Kakarot said.

“Right…” Vegeta quickly removed his pants and wrapped a towel around himself. “It just… Feels odd being like this around someone who isn’t Bulma now.” That had to be it. Nothing else could explain this strange bashfulness.

Kakarot shrugged. “They’re just body-parts, though. I still don’t really get why people have gotta wear clothes to start out with.”

“Kakarot!”

“Okay, I guess I understand it during the winter, or up in the mountains and stuff, you need clothes to keep you warm. But, what about when it’s super hot out?”

“You can’t just wander around naked!”

“I know, I know. It’s, like, a rule. But, why?”

Vegeta begrudgingly turned back around, trying to think of an explanation that Kakarot might agree with. “Protects us from damage,” he settled on.

“Ohhh,” Kakarot nodded. “Okay. Yeah. THAT makes sense!”

Before Vegeta could let the relieved breath from his lungs, Kakarot continued.

“But, then why do people who DON’T fight wear them?”

“Bulma wears clothing that she thinks looks good,” Vegeta said. “There. That’s another reason.”

“Okay,” Kakarot said. “You know what I REALLY don’t get? Why we’ve gotta wear underpants. What’s the point of that? No one even sees ‘em, right? I noticed you didn’t have any on… You didn’t have any that day our bodies switched, either.”

Ugh, of course he’d noticed that… Vegeta bit his lip. “It… Chafes, alright? I just move better without it.”

“Oh, maybe I should try that th—“

Before Kakarot could finish that sentence, two women stepped in and introduced themselves as Coconu and Mynt. The women instructed them to lay down on the massage tables. Vegeta did so, imagining what would be going through the masseuse’s head once she got a feel of his muscle-knots.

Mynt was able to get started on Kakarot pretty easily, which was a surprise to Vegeta. He’d assumed that, even if Kakarot was better at this whole ‘relaxing’ thing, a human would still have a hard time working on Saiyan tissue. He was even more surprised when Mynt remarked; “You have a few knots back here…”

Kakarot actually had those?!

“None of them are very big,” Mynt added. “You obviously work-out a lot, have you pushed yourself harder than usual recently.”

Vegeta fought not to laugh.

“Oh, I think so,” Kakarot. Said. “I got all these super bad cramps a while back, because I was doing this tournament in another universe, and I had to go all out against the guy I was fighting. And, I overloaded my chi really bad, one of my trainers was mad at me for that. Then, after that, I had to fight a clone of my partner so that he didn’t disappear, and the clone was just as strong as the real thing, so THAT got pretty intense. And, then I was fighting this really huge jerk from the future. Vegeta and I both got banged up bad there, we even had to fuse and STILL got knocked around.”

“Um—“

“Oh, and the other day, I played baseball with my friends,” Kakarot added.

“… Okay,” Mynt said after a long, heavy pause. “Well, uh… You try and take it easy for a while, alright?”

“Sure,” Kakarot said.

Meanwhile, Coconu was having a much harder time with Vegeta. “You’re… VERY tight,” she marveled, running one slender hand from Vegeta’s neck to his shoulder. She grasped his shoulder and moved her hand up. But, his skin didn’t move with her, slipping out of her grip instead. She tried again, grunting hard and straining, pressing into him. It felt like being pelted with a cotton ball. “Um, okay… Wow…” she murmured sympathetically. “Have you ever had a massage before?”

“Yes,” Vegeta grunted, voice muffled against the table.

“How long ago was that?”

Vegeta thought about it. Kakarot had given him one after the baseball game. “It’s been about three days.”

“Three days?” Coconu repeated. She tried rubbing a circle into his shoulder, her thumb barely able to budge itself against it. “Well… Well, I can certainly tell that you work-out a lot, just like your friend… Repetitive strain could be… A factor here. Do you have a lot of stress?”

“Clearly,” Vegeta said. It was hard not to laugh. Kakarot was right, this WAS a little funny.

Coconu winced yet again, trying to work at Vegeta’s back with her elbow now, placing as much of her own body-weight as she could into it, and not having much success. “Mmph…” she squeaked. “It’s like you’re made of steel… You’re sure it’s only been three days?!”

“I’m sure.”

“Maybe I’m… I’m sorry, maybe I just didn’t use enough oil?” Coconu sounded like she was at a loss. She grabbed the bottle again, and Vegeta flinched as more of the cold substance was dumped onto his back.

She was STILL trying to figure out how to get started on Vegeta by the time Mynt had finished up with Kakarot. Vegeta heard Kakarot stand, and then some shuffling. “Wow, I’ve gotta pee like crazy now!”

Vegeta felt himself burning red. He hoped it wasn’t too noticeable from Coconu’s position. He would never understand how Kakarot could just say such things, especially to total strangers.

“That’s normal,” Mynt said. “There’s a restroom right down the hall and to the left.”

Vegeta heard a few more steps, and didn’t even have to look up to confirm it for himself before snapping; “Clothes back on FIRST, clown.”

“Oh, right! Thanks, buddy!” Kakarot said.

More shuffling, the door being opened…

Coconu still wasn’t doing much for Vegeta’s knots. Mynt tried to pitch in, but even with both of them, no progress was being made.

Kakarot returned from the bathroom eventually, and laughed. “Hey, I give him massages all the time, I’ll do it now. I don’t think you’re gonna make any progress.”

Coconu stilled. “That’s not how we usually do things. You’re the customer, you shouldn’t be—“

“I don’t mind,” Kakarot said. A second later, Vegeta felt Kakarot’s hands kneading against his shoulder. He inhaled sharply as, at first, he only felt a stabbing flare. “See? I do this a lot.” He continued to swirl tight circles into Vegeta’s shoulder, the knot beginning to unfurl. Vegeta almost sighed aloud, but was mindful of Coconu and Mynt’s presence.

“Now, hold on,” Mynt said. “This works better if you have your hand curled, like this. Make a C shape. Yeah, that’s right. There, now cup his shoulder and gently lift up and down…”

Vegeta felt the change in pressure and strokes, followed by intense relief as the knot seemed to snap and disintegrate. “Oh—Ohhh…” he murmured, losing himself for a second. That felt… Wow, that was even better than it usually was, the release of tension was going far deeper.

When it sank in that he’d just moaned in front of Coconu and Mynt, Vegeta jerked his head up slightly.

“Lay back down,” Kakarot encouraged. “I can really feel that knot coming out now.”

“You’re doing really well,” Coconu told Kakarot. “I couldn’t get it to loosen at ALL… Make sure you get BOTH of his shoulders before you move on to another area; A massage should move from top to bottom.”

“Got it,” Kakarot said.

“Now, take your thumbs and knead his upper back in a circular motion, like what you were doing to his shoulder before.”

Coconu and Mynt taught Kakarot all types of techniques, and Vegeta felt himself going so loose and light that he would have been able to float even if he hadn’t already naturally possessed the ability.

He grew tenser again once Coconu encouraged Kakarot to move… Lower.

“Er, when we do this at home… Um, I think his exact words were ‘If you touch my ass, I’m gonna kill you,’” Kakarot said.

Mynt laughed out loud at that, then stifled it. “Oh, sorry, that’s… That wasn’t professional. Vegeta, we don’t massage… that area here. You don’t need to let us touch you anywhere that you’re not comfortable with.”

“Skip… Um… Skip that,” Vegeta said. His body had that awful habit of ‘reacting’ just from having Kakarot touch the insides of his thighs. An even more intimate spot would be a disaster, especially in a public place like this. “Just… To my legs. Below the knees only,” he emphasized.

“Okay,” Kakarot said. “I get it, we don’t want you to get a—“

“KAKAROT!”

“Don’t alarm him,” Coconu said. “Whatever you were about to say is making him tense again.”

“Sorry, sorry,” Kakarot said, stroking Vegeta’s lower legs.

“Hold on, actually, when you’re doing the legs, you start at the feet. This means better blood circulation. Get in between his toes, spread them apart… That’s right.” Mynt praised.

Vegeta hadn’t even realized he had more of those knots nestled into the gaps between his toes. The area was SO small, how did they even GET there?! Was there even one part of his body that wasn’t taut? Kakarot was working them out, at least.

Coconu and Mynt didn’t have as many comments about how Kakarot handled Vegeta’s legs, it seemed he’d mostly been doing that properly. Kakarot stopped before he went above Vegeta’s knees, which meant he didn’t have to worry as much about any… Unwanted… visits.

He heard Kakarot step back.

“Oh, do you usually only do the back?” Coconu asked.

“Yeah,” Kakarot said. “Why?”

“Usually, you’ll massage the front of his body as well,” Coconu said. “I’m sure he has… Well, he may have some knots THERE as well.”

“Probably,” Kakarot agreed. “You wanna do that, Vegeta?”

“Fine,” Vegeta said, flipping himself over, making sure he stayed covered up with the sheet. Now that he could see Coconu and Mynt again, he was even more embarrassed by all the moaning he’d been doing. “I doubt it’s as bad as my back, though.”

“We’ll see,” Kakarot said.

“We’ve been doing a lot of deep tissue massage today,” Mynt informed. “A bit of work on your pressure points, too. You may feel sore tomorrow. Make sure you stay hydrated for the rest of the day. In fact, you’re looking a little flushed now.” She stepped away for a moment and grabbed a bottle of sparkling water. “You should have this.”

Vegeta flinched a bit at the command. He was already feeling an urge to go, which was to be expected any time Kakarot did this. How could he refuse, though? ‘You could explain,’ he thought, but quickly dismissed the idea. He didn’t know these women. He couldn’t just… Rattle this off to some strangers. He looked at Kakarot instead. “Um…”

“Vegeta,” Kakarot said softly. “Go ahead. Remember…” he tapped his forehead.

Of course, Vegeta hadn’t forgotten. He wasn’t stuck here. He only had to hold it until the end of the massage, then Kakarot could bring him home for a few minutes. But, with a whole bottle of water in him…

Mynt was giving him an odd look, she was only going to start wondering if he continued to hesitate. He took the bottle from her and brought it to his lips. As soon as the first small sip wet his tongue, it was all over. His body came alive and let him know just how thirsty he actually was. He finished the bottle in a few large gulps, and had to stop himself from asking for more.

Kakarot smiled at him, and Coconu placed a rolled towel beneath his neck so that Kakarot to work on the line of muscle running towards his shoulder. Vegeta slumped back, enjoying the strokes just like before. It was weird… He’d had Kakarot’s hands on him more times than he could count, he’d been letting the clown massage him for a while, too. But, this felt different.

Kakarot was getting so DEEP into his muscles as Coconu and Mynt instructed him, and this was the first time he’d done it all over him, caring for every inch of Vegeta’s body. The added feeling of his chi so close to him made it even better.

Of course, Vegeta’s bladder had to ruin it, the pressure beginning to mount to a more considerable degree and cause him to tense his thighs in response. The situation was made a bit worse when Kakarot moved on to massaging his abdominals. To his credit, Kakarot pointedly AVOIDED the lower center, even when Coconu advised him to go over that area, too.

Nevertheless, he was getting too close to the spot where Vegeta’s bladder was so uncomfortably nestled, and sending nervous tingles of need throughout it.

“Move over his entire stomach,” Coconu said. “Like this.” And she demonstrated, her touch passing over his lower abdomen, prodding at his bladder. It wasn’t at all like what Kakarot’s firm hands would be able to do, but the area was so sensitive that, for the first time, Vegeta’s body reacted to Coconu’s touch. His hips jerked from side to side and he hissed through his clenched teeth, the added pressure of her hand was razor-sharp and vicious.

“Oh, what happened?” Mynt asked as Coconu quickly drew her hand away.

“Remember how I said me and Vegeta got really banged up in a fight?” Kakarot asked. “That’s where he got hit the hardest, he’s pretty sore. That’s why I’m staying away from that spot.” He moved his hands up, working his thumbs and knuckles against Vegeta’s chest until his muscles gave way under his touch.

Coconu encouraged Kakarot to use more force, and he used enough to actually rock Vegeta along with the table. And, thanks to that, Vegeta’s bladder started to slosh and spasm in a much more problematic way. “K—Kakarot—“ he blurted, unable to stop himself.

“Hm?” Kakarot asked, pushing his palms into Vegeta’s tension.

“A little slower,” Vegeta said.

“Okay,” Kakarot said, and finally the rocking motion ceased. He continued, working out more and more knots, until Vegeta felt better than he had in… He didn’t even know how long. Perhaps this was the most comfortable he’d been in his entire life. If it weren’t for that one, prominent discomfort aching between his hip bones, anyway.

Vegeta was accustomed to needing the bathroom after Kakarot finished up with his massages, but this time it was worse than usual. When he sat up, his whole midsection erupted with flagrant urgency. His thighs pressed together beneath the sheet he was using to cover himself. He’d been afraid that this might happen. Coconu and Mynt had had a lot to say about ‘stimulating the blood-flow’ while showing Kakarot what to do. He knew what that would mean for his bladder.

Still, the pressure was so strong, straining inside his tip, working tirelessly against the ring of muscle separating it from its much desired escape. Vegeta was so loose… his hold on his liquids felt more tenuous than it should have. Not in the sense that he was worried he’d start spurting— he had not suddenly forgotten that Coconu and Mynt were present in the room— He was just needing to concentrate a bit to remember HOW to tense the necessary parts of his body up enough to make his opening stop stinging.

He fidgeted his legs, glancing towards Kakarot. Kakarot would get him home in just a second, this discomfort wouldn’t last for long.

“Well,” Mynt said. “We’ll leave you here to get dressed. Go through the door in the back when you’re ready to proceed to the steam room.”

Vegeta nodded, and waited until both of them were gone before he climbed off the table, still keeping the towel around his waist for as long as he could. He, again, felt idiotic for it. Kakarot had seen him naked already. He had nothing left to hide from him, and it wasn’t like he was ashamed of how his body looked— It was quite the opposite!

He had to drop the towel to pull his pants up. And, worse than that, he had to bend down a little, folding his bladder and prompting it to begin wailing as it felt like several tons of steel was being set on top of it. He straightened back out as soon as he was able, just about to zip his pants when Kakarot spoke.

“Woah, Vegeta!”

Vegeta flinched, cursing himself for the blush he knew was spreading over his face. It sounded like Kakarot had liked what he saw… Huh. He could DO that? Oh, sure he could. Why not? Even if Kakarot wasn’t that interested in sex, he could still admire perfection when he saw it. Yes, Vegeta’s body was PERFECT, so then why was he so embarrassed to have Kakarot look at it?

“What has Chi-Chi said about me being… Unclothed in front of you?” Vegeta asked, making a guess as to where his hesitancy may have been coming from.

“Um, nothing yet,” Kakarot said. “But, I guess it’s okay so long as we don’t touch each other.” He shrugged. “Get your shirt and your chest-thingy back on, it looks like I’ve gotta bring you home soon.”

Vegeta grimaced at the reminder, his bladder lurching as he pictured the restroom at home. “It was the massage. And the stupid water you all made me drink,” he complained.

“It’s alright,” Kakarot said. “I’m not teasing you. I just noticed… Um… You’ve kinda got that swelling thing going on again.”

Vegeta looked down. Indeed, Kakarot was right. There was a small bump in his lower abdomen, his bladder beginning to protrude and stretch from the surplus of liquid stored within it. His legs began to cross just from the sight of it, his urge amplifying at the visual confirmation of how full he was getting. He quickly pulled on his shirt and fastened his chest-plate.

“Okay,” Kakarot said. “Ready?”

Vegeta started to nod, but then looked away, towards the door that Kakarot had left through earlier, the one he knew led to the hallway containing the restroom.

He’d promised himself that he would try…

He wanted to see how Tarble’s advice would pan out for him. He definitely had a strong enough urge this time. Kakarot had just gotten his body much, MUCH looser than it usually was.

This would be a good time to try, right?

There was no real risk involved. If it didn’t work, Kakarot would still be there, capable of granting him an easy trip back home.

… He’d TRY.

“In a moment, Kakarot,” Vegeta said. “Bulma is insistent that I… Make more attempts in public facilities.”

Kakarot’s eyes widened with clear surprise, which he quickly tried to shake away. “Oh, alright. Go ahead then. Down the hall and to the left, remember?”

Vegeta nodded, already feeling his breath start to hitch, his inhales becoming more rapid.

“Hey, hey,” Kakarot said, clasping his shoulders. “Steady breaths… Nothing bad’s gonna happen if you don’t do it this time. You just gotta try your best. I’ll be proud of you either way.”

Vegeta’s chest slackened again, very slightly. His urge increased as the tiny wave of calm washed over him. He tried to hold on to that feeling as he made his way out of the room and down the hall. He found the door to the men’s restroom easily, but actually opening it and going inside was far harder. Ice rose from his stomach up to his lungs.

All he had to do was try…

He shoved the door open and hurried into a stall, feeling slightly better once he’d closed the door. Now, came the next challenge; locking the flimsy, weak thing without breaking it. Shifting uncomfortably from one foot to the other, he grabbed the latch between the tips of his thumb and index finger with as little pressure as he could muster. It was like it was a torn sheet of tissue paper hastily put back together with a cheap glue-stick. ‘Careful… Careful…’ He pulled it to the side slowly, and released a low huff of air through his nose when he managed to get it into place without anything coming apart.

That alone was a victory. Maybe he could have another.

He turned to the toilet, unzipped, aimed and shut his eyes tightly, just as Tarble had said. He just had to make sure he KEPT them closed, he couldn’t give in to the temptation. There were little pings in his head telling him to double-check that the door was actually locked, even though he knew full-well that it was. He had to keep his eyes closed. Had to picture himself at home. Had to imagine it vividly, until he tricked his body into thinking it was true.

A few obstacles stood in the way. First, there was the smell. It was not as bad as it COULD have been, the spa thankfully kept its facilities clean, but Vegeta’s Saiyan nose could pick up the faint odor of human urine, and the cleaning chemicals used to mask it. The scent was not like the restroom at home, which always smelled of Bulma’s hair products.

Besides that, he could hear unfamiliar voices, other people milling around in other areas of the spa. He had not noticed the sounds before, during his massage, but now they seemed much, much louder.

But the worst, and most troubling, was how he could still sense people’s chi. He had learned to go while still dimly aware of the energies belonging to the Capsule Corp employees. He had grown used to how those signals felt, and the living area of the house was off-limits to them anyway. This building had lots of chi that he wasn’t familiar with at all, and they were the most intense reminder of the fact that he wasn’t at home, of the fact that someone else could enter this room at any time.

He squeezed his eyes closed tighter and tighter, willing his body to cede to the flood knocking at its gates. He pictured the restroom at home, the color of the wall, the positions of the tub and sink. He even tried to imagine the sight of his stream flowing into the bowl, and to his surprise he felt the little pinch at his opening that told him he was close to letting go.

But, then his traitorous body kept latching onto the unfamiliar chi signals, and the sensation vanished.

He fidgeted there for another minute as he tried to get the feeling to come back, but it was gone. He opened his eyes once more and zipped himself. So much for that…

He’d tried, though. He’d finally kept his promise to himself. He was not as devastated by the failure as he’d been afraid he would be, he’d figured from the start that this would be the outcome, after all. It wasn’t a shock that he hadn’t gotten anything out.

Kakarot would…

Kakarot would be proud of him anyway.

Sure enough, Vegeta returned to Kakarot, and was congratulated in spite of his attempt ending in a loss. “I’m really glad you’re trying,” Kakarot said. “You gonna tell Bulma about it?”

Tell Bulma that he’d failed?

He hadn’t failed… Failure would have been giving up. Failure would have been not trying. What he’d done today was… It was more like he’d tied with his Problem, just like he’d been doing with Kakarot lately. “Fine, I might,” he said.

Kakarot took his hand and teleported him home. Even though Vegeta was aware Kakarot’s chi control had gone back to normal, he couldn’t help the sigh of relief when he realized they’d appeared in front of Bulma without a hitch. No more turning up in random places when he was desperate to piss.

“How’s the spa day going so far?” Bulma asked as Vegeta was already partway to his room.

“Just fine,” he heard Kakarot say. “They taught me how to give Vegeta better massages!”

Vegeta made it to his restroom and locked himself inside. He unclenched easily once he’d gotten his zipper down, the torrent coming out in an instant— Much faster than usual. Kakarot really had gotten him loosened up. Just, not enough to magically make the facilities AT the spa usable.

It had been enough to get him to go INSIDE, at least. It had been enough to get him to try. He hadn’t just pretended to do it to get Bulma to give him his capsule. He hadn’t had Kakarot pin the door closed for him so that the public restroom ceased to actually be public. He’d really tried.

Kakarot was proud of him, and Vegeta thought he ought to have been proud of himself too. It didn’t matter that it hadn’t worked out, he’d gone farther than he ever had before. He’d fought his Problem, and he would continue to challenge it to more battles moving forward.

Vegeta finished up and went back to Kakarot.

A second later, Mynt just about had a heart-attack when Kakarot teleported them both back to the spa.

*007*2025-03-17 23:02

When Vegeta told Bulma that he’d attempted to use a public restroom, all on his own, with no one prompting him, she was just as proud as Kakarot had been. Maybe even a little more, considering the reward she decided to give him that night. She made sure to do all of his favorite things, roving her hands over his muscles, remarking on how large they were, how strong he was.

He slept very well that night, feeling nothing but warmth thanks to the two people he cared about the most.

The following week, Kakarot made another suggestion to him. “Me and Krillin went to train with Master Roshi again,” he said. “He taught us stuff about how to clear our minds and control our energy. Maybe he can teach you too.”

Vegeta frowned at that idea. “Honestly? You expect me to go to that old pervert for advice?”

“Aw, come on,” Kakarot said. “I wouldn’t be half the fighter I am now if it weren’t for him, you know. Sure, he says weird stuff sometimes—“   “All the time,” Vegeta corrected.

“— But, he has lots of good ideas too,” Kakarot said. “And, he never said anything to you after Buu told everybody your secret, so I doubt he’ll tease you now. Just give him a try.”

Vegeta groaned. What advice could Roshi possibly have for him? He supposed the old man was usually relaxed whenever he saw him, indicating that he had managed to master the elusive, impossible technique somehow. He was also probably the only person alive who had less shame than Kakarot.

Maybe a short visit to that island wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world. At most, Vegeta would just waste his time.

***

“Did you hit your head, or something?” Master Roshi asked. “You want ME to train you? You and Goku left me in the dust ages ago!”

“N—Not in fighting…” Vegeta said.

“Not fighting?” Roshi repeated. “Well, I’m not sure why YOU would need to attend my ‘other’ class. You’ve already got a woman— A fine one at that, oh the memories I have of her…— But, I guess we ALL need to sample something new every once in a while…”

As the old man rambled, Vegeta tried to quell his anger. He knew Roshi had SOME kind of history with Bulma, but she’d refused to tell him what it involved because “If you blow up Master Roshi’s house, then where is that poor turtle going to live?” Why would Roshi allude to such untoward things in the presence of Bulma’s husband? Why would he—

Because he had no sense of shame.

That was why Vegeta was here.

“I’m not looking for other women,” Vegeta interrupted. “I just wanted to know how you’re able to… ACT like that.”

“Like what?”

“Like a blithering, perverted fool,” Vegeta stated. “I can’t imagine myself saying ANY of the things that come out of your mouth. You speak without thinking, you hide nothing about yourself and your intentions. You leave explicit magazines all over your home no matter who’s around. You hang around in your underwear when people are visiting you. You’re incapable of embarrassment, how do you do it?”

“… You want me to teach you how to greet guests in your underwear? Well, first I need to know what style you—“

“No!” Vegeta snapped. “I want to know how you manage not to feel humiliated every waking second of your life.”

“Well, I’d say not being rude has something to do with it,” Roshi considered. “Have you tried that?”

Vegeta said nothing.

“What’s brought this up?” Roshi asked.

“I…” Vegeta struggled. “Well, it’s about that one… Uh, very personal enemy of mine. In order to defeat it, I need to… Feel shame less strongly than I do currently.”

“Hmmm…Personal enemy? I think I know what you mean,” Roshi said, and Vegeta fought not to blush. Roshi had been there to hear Buu blurt it out to everyone. Roshi had been there that day at the tournament, when Vegeta had come so undone. Of course he knew what he was talking about.“Well, have you tried asking Goku to take down this enemy? He’s tough to embarrass.”

“K—Kakarot has… Assisted in the battle so far…”

Roshi’s eyebrows raised. “Ah, interesting. Never would have thought…”

“We’ve worked together before,” Vegeta said. “Although this particular matter is a little more… Sensitive.”

“Yes, I would imagine it is,” Roshi nodded. He went quiet for a moment, and Vegeta waited for him to continue. Roshi clasped his hands together, brought them to his lips and breathed deeply. He exhaled slowly, then asked; “So, which of you gets the first turn?”

“… Excuse me?”

“Or, is it at the same time…?” Roshi pondered. “How’d you get Chi-Chi to agree to this, anyway? Hey, if you ever need more ‘assistance’, I’ve still got plenty of mileage lef—“

“What are you blathering on about?!” Vegeta demanded. He was confused beyond all reason, yet something told him that he should be enraged by Roshi’s words.

“Ah… Um, is this NOT about you having a little trouble getting it up?”

Vegeta stared at him. “Getting WHAT— Oh— NO! No! What is wrong with y— NO.”

“Well, there’s nothing wrong with—“

“That’s not— I don’t have a problem with my— Bulma and I aren’t having… Intimacy problems, I meant the pissing thing!” Vegeta’s eyes blew wide open, then blinked rapidly. What the Hell? How could he have just… SAID it like that!?

Anything to get Roshi to stop talking, he supposed.

Gah, just the THOUGHT of it… Bulma watching as Vegeta… As Vegeta… Dominated Kakarot and made him whimper and grip the sheets, and—

No. Stop picturing that!

“Eh?” Roshi asked. “The pissing thing? That’s very easy to fix, you just relax.”

Vegeta heaved a sigh, turned to the side and shot a long blast of ki out across the ocean, strong enough to part the sea for a moment. “Can you do that?”

“If Turtle was out there, he’s going to be very shaken up…” Roshi grumbled.

“Can you do that?” Vegeta repeated.

“I can do something a bit like it, but not enough to split the sea, no.”

“Oh. Well, it’s real easy, you just shoot it out of your palm.”

“… You… Don’t know how to relax, do you?” Roshi gathered. “You know, you could have just SAID that. You didn’t need to upset the tides…”

Vegeta turned away. “There’s… This feeling that I get in my chest,” he confessed. “I won’t name it, but I know it’s what’s causing my problem and that it’s tied to shame. I figure that if I get rid of the shame, the feeling will fade with it. You are the most shameless person I know. Just tell me how you manage it.”

Roshi shrugged. “I don’t think I can,” he admitted. “I’ve never thought about it.”

Vegeta sighed. All of this really HAD been a waste of time.

“But, I can tell you this; Pride is not the opposite of shame,” Roshi said “It is the source of it.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Vegeta demanded. It was NOT pride that had gotten him into this mess, his pride was the source of his strength! THIS was a weakness! The two things couldn’t possibly be related.

Vegeta stewed on that for a while in the weeks that followed, never able to figure it out. He’d wanted some advice, some hidden secret, some explanation as to how he could live without the burden of such an extreme sensitivity towards embarrassment. But, he’d gotten nothing. Nothing but some cryptic, meaningless nonsense.

He tried to just focus on finding more and more ways to ‘relax’ whenever possible. Ever since their day at the spa, Kakarot had become absolutely AMAZING at massaging Vegeta. He’d been great at it before, but now that he’d been taught proper techniques, it was almost impossible for Vegeta to stop himself from moaning.

Vegeta allowed himself to make those noises from time to time. It made him blush and tense back up whenever one fell out, but if he reminded himself that it was just him and Kakarot, some of the shame faded.

Maybe that was what Roshi had meant? Something about letting his guard down from time to time? He didn’t know what that had to do with his pride, but at least it was sort of working.

But, after a month, something new appeared and added itself to the extremely long list of things that stressed Vegeta out. Bulma was pregnant with their second child. Vegeta was going to become a father again.

The stupid feeling in his chest came back every time he thought of it. He’d messed up so much with Trunks when he was younger. He hadn’t even been there at the boy’s birth. He hadn’t even been on the same planet! And then, he’d never really held him as a baby, he’d avoided him whenever he could. Once Trunks could speak and walk, Vegeta had started training him, and he’d done it entirely the wrong way at first, being way too hard on him and expecting too much from a toddler. He’d yelled at Trunks so many times over the course of his life, he’d called Trunks the most awful things.

He had never been a good father.

In fact, the only thing he thought he’d done right was never hitting his child out of anger. He’d done everything else wrong. It was a wonder Trunks didn’t hate him. He still felt like he was doing most things wrong.

When Trunks had had that incident at school, he’d been afraid of Vegeta’s anger, and scared he’d develop the Problem. And, Vegeta hadn’t been able to offer him anything. Not really. Just a vague statement about providing ‘help’, and no actual plan. He hadn’t supported his son through it correctly at all, and it was only by some miracle that Trunks had worked through it all on his own.

He had never been a good father.

Now, a second child was on the way.

He had no idea how to prepare himself.

He didn’t bother talking to Kakarot about it. Both of Kakarot’s sons adored him. It was obvious to Vegeta that Kakarot was better than him at being a parent, one more thing to add to THAT list as well. Kakarot’s only real mistake was just not being around for his children sometimes, and then he’d had the excuse of being dead! Kakarot had done everything else perfectly, he’d never messed up.

Vegeta couldn’t say the same.

Kakarot wouldn’t understand Vegeta’s concerns, because Kakarot had never needed to try. He was naturally gifted at being a father.

He accompanied Bulma when she went out to the mall to buy supplies for the new baby. He hadn’t done that before Trunks was born, so he knew that at least this was an improvement. But, of course, going shopping with Bulma was rarely enjoyable. She spent far too much time looking at baby clothes, even though it was still too early to buy any; They didn’t know yet if the baby would be born with a tail or not, and if they had to focus on finding outfits that would accommodate the extra limb.

She also spent way too long comparing different curtains and sheets for the nursery. Vegeta didn’t know why it mattered so much. A baby wouldn’t care what color its blanket was. His only input was to get several, in case the child ended up inheriting his cold-tolerance. He imagined holding the baby, wrapped in its blanket, like he’d never done with Trunks. He would probably do it wrong. Infants, even half-Saiyan infants, were so fragile. Vegeta was incapable of being gentle. Maybe he’d been right never to hold Trunks. Or maybe neither option was the proper one, not when he was involved.

As the shopping trip wore on, Vegeta began to experience a different discomfort, this one much more familiar. He approached Bulma and mumbled into her ear, as softly as he could; “I want my capsule.”

“You know the rule, Vegeta,” Bulma said.

Vegeta groaned. Yes, he knew it. He could never forget it. And, he was even a little proud of himself for requesting the capsule so soon, he had time to fail and flounder in the public restroom for a bit before his urge became an all-consuming Hellfire of painful desperation. He started to walk off.

“Oh, wait. Hold on,” Bulma said, gripping his wrist.

Vegeta groaned again. He was doing what she wanted! “What?”

Bulma rummaged around in her purse and, moments later, was presenting a small, rectangular device to Vegeta. A wire dangled off of it. “Take this with you.”

Vegeta looked at the device, confused. “What is it?”

“It’s my old MP3 player,” Bulma explained. “Put the earphones in, and use this button to turn the volume up higher… You think that would help?”

Vegeta nodded. Yes, that was a great idea! He wouldn’t be able to hear anything else over the music, no footsteps, no voices, no sounds that would indicate he wasn’t alone, no noises to break his concentration. “It might,” he said.

Bulma handed the device over to him. “Alright, go try it out.”

Vegeta took off, a surge of confidence spurring him on. Unfamiliar sounds were some of the biggest triggers for his Problem, now that he had a way to block them out, perhaps he actually had a chance of success this time!

It took him another couple minutes to realize he didn’t actually know where he was headed. Bulma had dragged him to this mall countless times over the years, but he didn’t know where any of the facilities were located. Why WOULD he? It wasn’t like the information would have ever been helpful to him in the past.

He knew, of course, that the obvious solution was to just ask someone for directions. But, he grimaced at the thought. Whoever he asked would come to the conclusion that he was desperate, unable to hold his bladder for long enough to find a restroom on his own. Vegeta wasn’t desperate! He was full enough that the irritating tingles of need were constantly surging harshly against his opening, but he knew he had a lot of time left before it became an emergency. He didn’t need assistance! He’d find it himself!

By the time he accomplished that, he actually WAS getting dangerously close to being desperate. His thighs were tense, his middle cramping every few steps. A wave of frigid daggers jabbed against his ribcage as he approached the door, his grip on Bulma’s MP3 player growing tighter. ‘DON’T,’ he scolded himself, trying to ease his fingers slightly. That tiny thing was a lifeline, potentially able to grant him the relief he craved. If he destroyed it because his nerves were making him clench his fists, he would have no hope at all.

He shut his eyes, inhaling and exhaling shakily, feeling the way his skin pulled itself tautly against his bladder. Then, he shoved open the door and forced himself inside.

His fists tightened instinctively again, his chest clenching as well. Unlike at the spa, where he’d had the room to himself during his attempt, here there were three other men already there. Two were at the urinals, and in a matter of milliseconds he managed to convince himself that they had invisible eyes in the backs of their heads and could see how needlessly jumpy and on-edge he was, his body shaking with tension and his eyes wide.

They were probably thinking about how obviously needy he was. They were probably realizing that he didn’t relieve himself in public, that he couldn’t do it. They noticed his anxiety, and they knew what it was caused by.

Worse, his Saiyan hearing made it too easy for him to hear their streams pouring from across the room, and he stopped just shy of crossing his legs.

The third man was in the stall; The ONE stall. Why was there only one?! There were five urinals, but only one stall? Why was Earth like this? If those stupid urinals HAD to exist, shouldn’t there be an equal number of stalls? Did humans seriously just not care about privacy?

Ugh… Just… Where did he… Where was he meant to stand while he waited for it? How did he not make this any more awkward and uncomfortable than it already was— What— Ugh, dammit, screw this. Change of plans. He’d pretend he’d only come in here to wash his hands, and come back in a few minutes. He was aware that THAT too would look weird, he already had gloves on after all, but somehow the possibility of someone thinking he was a major germaphobe was still the better outcome here.

Vegeta approached the sink, removed his gloves, and kept his hands beneath the faucet for about five seconds before the sound, sight, and feel of the running water got to be a little too much. He ducked back out of the restroom and waited on a bench not too far from it. He realized in the back of his mind that he had definitely been gone long enough now for Bulma to believe he’d tried. He could just head back and grab his capsule now if he wanted to.

The thing was, he DIDN’T want to. Not yet. That would be giving up. Giving up would be losing. Vegeta wasn’t going to lose. He hadn’t even given the MP3 player a chance yet, and was still eager to see how it would work out for him.

He gave it another few minutes, tapping his foot with agitation the whole time. Yes. Agitation. And nothing else. Once he’d decided enough time had passed, he returned to the (now thankfully empty) restroom and locked himself into the stall. He congratulated himself mentally for latching the lock without destroying it. He was getting better at THAT, at least. He hastily popped in the earphones and turned on the MP3 player.

The music was… Not anything he would have CHOSEN to listen to. The player was filled with songs Bulma had liked as a teenager, so very, VERY far from the type of thing he preferred. Nevertheless, it was loud, and that was all he really cared about.

He unzipped himself, then closed his eyes like Tarble had advised. He concentrated and tried willing himself into letting go.

This restroom was far less clean than the one at the spa had been. It LOOKED okay and, maybe to a human, it wouldn’t have smelled too terribly either. But, to Vegeta’s Saiyan nose, the stench of urine was overwhelming. To his frustration, the smell also amplified his need to go. He remembered how ancient Saiyans used to ‘mark their territories’ with their scent, relieving themselves where a rival already had as a show of dominance. He bit the inside of his cheek. Stupid… Stupid primal instincts…

The stench didn’t prompt him to start emptying, though. Quite the opposite. It was a constant reminder that he was not at home, that he was trying to go in public. The awareness tightened his holding muscles up, and he groaned quietly to himself. ‘Come on,’ he thought. ‘The sooner you piss, the sooner you can stop subjecting yourself to Bulma’s awful taste in music.’

That didn’t coax his bladder into releasing, either. And, when he felt some unfamiliar chi that seemed to be getting closer, his chest surged with cold tension and he immediately zipped himself back up.

He’d tried.

He hurried back to Bulma and retrieved his capsule before rushing out of the mall and flying off in search of a good place to use it. He surprised himself by not feeling the crush of defeat at his failure; Trying was a victory in itself, compared to how things had been before.

Over the next several months, Vegeta would keep trying. He’d use both of the ‘tools’ he had access to. He’d shut his eyes, and crank up the MP3 player— Which Bulma had thankfully now loaded with actually decent music following several complaints from Vegeta. He never actually managed to go, even with those things. Scents got under his skin too much, and with no way to turn off his chi-sensing, that got him on edge as well. Bulma and Kakarot both praised him for each attempt, though. It didn’t even feel that patronizing, he knew that they meant it.

He and Kakarot sparred whenever they could, which wasn’t as often as either of them would have liked. Chi-Chi was having Kakarot work in the field too much, as far as they were concerned. She had okayed something else, though; When Kakarot DID come over to spar, he could spend the night if he wanted. He could even sleep in the same bed as Vegeta, just like they’d done in the time-chamber.

Vegeta was right, he did like sleeping between Kakarot and Bulma. It was a tight squeeze with all three of them, but that was what Vegeta liked about it. Being held firmly while he slept was, for some reason, very soothing. The only issue was that Bulma had decided to photograph him one morning, nuzzled in Kakarot’s stupid arms like that. When Vegeta woke up and found out about it, he was furious. Bulma kept insisting the picture was cute, when there was nothing remotely cute about it! “Delete it now,” he ordered. “Before someone else sees it!”

“I’m not showing it to anyone,” Bulma said.

“Yeah, what’s so bad about the picture anyways?” Kakarot asked. “Your hair doesn’t even look that messy in it.”

“That’s not the— I don’t— We’re— Look at us, Kakarot! Look at what we’re doing!”

Kakarot shrugged. “I’m just holding you while we sleep…”

“EXACTLY. What do you think will happen if someone sees that?!”

“I dunno,” Kakarot said.

“They’ll think that we’re… That we’re lovers.”

“But, Vegeta… Um, we ARE,” Kakarot pointed out, his face growing more and more perplexed. “That’s what you are when you hug and kiss somebody, right?”

“Vegeta doesn’t want people to know that,” Bulma explained. “He’s worried how they’ll react. Remember how confused the other Trunks was at first?”

“Yeah, but we just had to explain it and then he wasn’t confused anymore,” Kakarot said. “We could explain it to everyo—“

“Absolutely not!” Vegeta snapped.

“Why?”

“Remember what I said when all this started? About Earth having rules?” Vegeta prompted. “Our arrangement breaks those rules. Earthlings wouldn’t understand it.”

“Huh? Trunks understood it, though. Bulma and Chi-Chi both did,” Kakarot listed off. “That Mai girl and all the other people in the future didn’t freak out, either.”

“They were distracted by having their city destroyed,” Vegeta waved his hand dismissively. “In any other circumstance, they would have… I don’t know.”

“So, you don’t even know why you’re worried?” Kakarot asked. “That’s pretty silly, Vegeta.”

“I just don’t think the reaction would be pleasant,” Vegeta said. “At best, they’ll think we’re joking. I mean, who would EVER believe that I have these feelings for YOU of all people?”

Bulma started to laugh, and Vegeta couldn’t figure out why.

As Bulma’s due date approached, and then was passed by without the baby being born, Vegeta’s nerves increased. Was it normal for his child to have missed its due date? Did that mean something was wrong? Bulma looked like she could give birth at any moment, Vegeta had to be ready for that at any moment. He wasn’t going to miss his second child, like he’d done with his first. He was going to be there.

Maybe then he’d start to become a half-way decent father.

So, when Kakarot showed up and invited him to join him on Beerus’s planet for some more training, Vegeta had to decline. “Bulma could give birth any day now, I can’t leave!”

“But, what’s that got to do with you?” Kakarot asked. “The baby comes outta her, right?”

“Why do I have to explain this?! If I leave the planet now, then I’ll never hear the end of it! I am staying here!”

“Man, you’re no fun!”

“Shut up!”

He watched Kakarot depart with Whis, and groaned quietly to himself. He would have preferred it if Kakarot stayed on Earth as well. He didn’t like the idea of Kakarot getting ahead of him again, for one. And, for another, knowing that he had Instant Transmission available to him would be very helpful right now.

Kakarot must have been very excited about getting to train with Whis again, he hadn’t even noticed how uncomfortable Vegeta was getting.

Vegeta had to be ready at any moment.

The instant Bulma went into labor, he had to be with her, getting her to the hospital. There would not be a second to spare.

That was, unfortunately, causing Vegeta some problems.

He was trapped under a heavy blanket of pressure, and always felt like he was in a rush. Anything he did had to be finished quickly, so that he could drop it and go to Bulma when the time came.

Certain parts of Vegeta’s body did not like being rushed.

Certain parts of Vegeta’s body did not WORK when they were being rushed.

He had tried to relieve himself five times since he’d woken up that morning, and the most he’d been able to do was release a few short, quick bursts of liquid that didn’t help him feel much better.

Every time he tried to use the restroom, he quickly convinced himself that Bulma was going to give birth right at that second— Or that the process would begin before he was finished. He imagined something going horribly wrong because he hadn’t gotten her to the hospital in time. He imagined missing the birth of his child because he was too busy peeing. He registered that both of these thoughts were absurd, a couple minute delay wouldn’t be the end of the world, but his cruel imagination was strong enough to plug his bladder closed.

Vegeta was not comfortable, not in the least. Once he’d realized what was going on, he’d forbidden himself from all forms of hydration, so it was not AS bad as it could have been. But still, he hadn’t been able to completely empty his bladder since last night, and he could feel it pounding away with irritation.

It didn’t help matters that he was wearing Earthling clothes today, material that could barely stretch at all. Bulma had insisted on it. She said he couldn’t wear his armor to the hospital, and that there wouldn’t be enough time for an outfit change after her water broke, so he should just wear his human outfit now.

That was another problem; There wouldn’t be time to do anything before leaving the house once Bulma was ready to leave. For Vegeta, who absolutely NEEDED to empty his bladder RIGHT before he went anywhere, this was one more thing to worry about. If he ever DID manage to make himself go, he was going to have to hope Bulma’s labor began really soon afterwards.

None of this would be so troubling if Kakarot were around.

Kakarot could teleport them to the hospital when the time came, he should be able to recognize and locate the chi of the doctor who’d treated him after his and Vegeta’s first fight. Kakarot could take Vegeta home for a couple minutes if the birth took too long for his bladder, or if it turned out they’d left something important behind. With Kakarot gone, they would have to figure out the whole labor and delivery process WITHOUT the use of teleportation. The nerve of that moron!

As the afternoon wore on, Vegeta continued trying to drain his bladder. He was running back and forth to his room so many times, and with so much haste, that it probably ought to have counted as a very light form of training on its own. He’d reach his bathroom, unzip and start easing himself into going, only to feel some chi flare and think it was time. He’d then zip his pants back up and run to Bulma, his middle screeching with every hasty step, and see that nothing had changed.

The issue was that he could sense the chi of his child inside of Bulma now that the birth was so near. That was the energy that was flaring so sporadically. Of course a baby that hadn’t even been born yet couldn’t control its chi, but every time it shifted, Vegeta was on high-alert. He was positive that the ONE time he wrote it off as nothing would be the one time it actually mattered.

After he’d confirmed everything was fine, he’d stay there with Bulma for as long as he could. Unfortunately, it would only take his bladder a few minutes to send him hurrying back to his room for another shot at relief, then another chi flare, and he’d be back with Bulma, no emptier than before.

Bulma could tell that he needed to go. Being stuck in human clothes, the tight button of his pants digging itself so firmly against his rounded bladder, not only meant that he was more fidgety than usual, but the fabric became ruffled and wrinkled the more he wriggled. It didn’t move and adjust itself with his motions with the ease his armor could. It made him look frazzled and distressed.

“Vegeta, just go to the bathroom,” Bulma told him eventually when the two of them were alone in the living room. “Seriously.”

Vegeta reddened, trying to make his rapidly bouncing knee go still. He finally settled on gripping it and forcing it into compliance, his knuckles whitening with the effort. “Wh—What?”

“Nothing awful is going to happen if you’re busy for a few minutes,” Bulma said. “You’re making me feel desperate just looking at you— And your kid bouncing on my bladder isn’t helping.”

“Uh, what? That’s a thing?” Vegeta asked.

“Vegeta, don’t change the subject,” Bulma scolded. “You’re at home, you shouldn’t be holding it like that.”

He shouldn’t have been, he knew that. If only his bladder would get the memo! “Fine,” he said, standing up and returning to his restroom. He hoped that this time would be different. Maybe all his body had needed was to hear Bulma tell him that it was alright to take a few minutes to himself.

He felt his muscles loosening up a few seconds after he’d aimed, which was a good sign. He leaned into that sensation, pressing until a thin, dribbly stream began to hiss out. He did not release the breath from his lungs just yet, however. He’d already shoved out a few little spurts like this today, he wasn’t going to accept that it was over until the floodgates were completely open.

Which finally happened a moment later, the thunderous stream he’d been holding back all day at last jetting into the bowl. The pressure in his midsection unfurling itself to bring him into a world of bliss. That WAS all he’d needed, just a bit of reassurance from Bulma and he could let himself—

The chi flared again.

It was time— It had to be time! Of course, it would happen once he finally got his flow going, that was how his luck always worked! Stop, stop— He gripped his member, pinching it shut and painfully cutting off his stream. A gnarled whimper got trapped in the back of his throat, his bladder cramping and crashing down and begging to be allowed to let out the rest.

But, there was no time! He had to hurry!

He fumbled himself back into his pants and zipped them, crossing his legs hard as a final protesting squirt tried to burst forth. He barely restrained it before bolting from the room. Running after clamping himself off mid-stream like that was akin to having a bright-hot needle shoved deeply into his opening. He swore under his breath, his whole lower body searing with intense need. When he reached the living room…

Nothing had changed.

Bulma had not gone into labor.

DAMMIT!

She turned to him, “Vegeta, I’m okay,” she said firmly. “I will yell for you when it’s time. Stop panicking.”

“I’m not panicking!” Vegeta insisted, tensing up his thighs as he tried to settle his irritated bladder. Once the pangs finally stopped, he did feel at least a little better than he had before. He’d gotten a decent amount of the liquid out of himself, it was much more manageable than before. He could live with this, he supposed. It sure looked like he was going to HAVE to. “I’m going to… Go check on the boy.”

Maybe walking around a little would help. It was hot outside, so it might at least get him to sweat. That would mean less fluid making it to his bladder.

***

Vegeta stood against a tree and watched as Trunks trained with Goten. He shifted gently, hands toying with the button on his pants. He wanted to release it. It was gouging into his lower abdomen, pinning itself against his bladder and making his urge so much worse than it had to be. He’d peed a little, the pressure shouldn’t be so high anymore. It was all the stupid button’s fault. If IT was removed, then—

“Vegeta!”

Kakarot appeared and Vegeta jolted, stumbling and accidentally bending over in a way that dug his waist-band into his bladder much more brutally than before. “WHAT?!”

Kakarot launched into his explanation. There was some tournament happening somewhere, between their universe and the ninth one, for some reason— Vegeta barely paid attention to any of Kakarot’s hyperactive babbling, only the fact that the fool apparently hadn’t LISTENED to him earlier!

“We’ve been over this already!” Vegeta snapped. “I am waiting for my child!”

“Okay… You don’t have to yell my ear off!” Kakarot said, holding up his hands defensively.

Idiot… As if Vegeta could handle a tournament now. And it was to be held at Zeno’s Palace, Vegeta didn’t even know where that was, just that it was a LONG way from home, and he shouldn’t visit it when his bladder was being THIS uncooperative. “I don’t know what this Zeno Expo is, Kakarot. But, if you need help, then why not ask your son?”

Kakarot left in search of Gohan, and Vegeta had to assume that this tournament must have been at least a little interesting. Kakarot had been so excited for it that he’d missed Vegeta’s twitching again.

Once Kakarot had left, Vegeta unfastened his button. He was correct, it did improve things. His aching bladder was granted a bit more room, but it was still nothing like the stretching his armor could accommodate.

The relief was short lived, too. It was only a matter of minutes before his middle was flaring and throbbing as fitfully as ever again.

***

Vegeta made a few more trips to the restroom, none of them successful. He strained, pushed and pleaded. He turned on the sink and listened to the water flow. He painstakingly ignored it when he felt that chi surge again. None of it worked. He rubbed his lower stomach, cringing at how distended it felt. He hadn’t had this much trouble here at home in… He didn’t even KNOW how long. It had to have been way back when he first started living here.

He growled to himself as he zipped his pants once again, still not putting the button back into place. If he kept his shirt untucked, no one would notice that. He hoped not, anyway. With his body being so stubborn, he was down to only one option. The option he always hated the most; Just holding it and trying to distract himself from the ever-worsening discomfort.

Maybe Kakarot was right about this being a good day for training. It would at least get his mind off of his bladder for a little bit.

But, when he reached his gravity chamber, he found Bulma already in there, performing some strange exercise atop a large, inflatable ball. What was she DOING?! After ALL the times she’d scolded HIM for training when he was sick or injured, she was going to do THIS when she was so close to—

“Hey, Vegeta!” Bulma called out to him. “Sorry for taking over your training room!”

“Yeah, you should be!” Vegeta snapped. “Thanks to you I’m getting downright flabby here!” And that wasn’t UN-true. His bladder was full and distended enough to make him look rounder than usual. He shifted his weight from foot to foot, fighting the urge to clasp himself as he muttered. “Should she really be moving around so much right now?”

“You’re pretty worried about Mom, huh?” A voice asked.

“Yeah…” Vegeta replied, then jolted so hard that his bladder squeezed in on itself. He glared down at his son and Goten. Had he just said that out loud?!

“But, these exercises are supposed to make it easier for her to deliver the baby!” Goten told him. He stared at Vegeta for a second, taking in his rocking feet and clenched knees. “You’re getting pretty antsy, aren’t you?”

Ugh, could he figure out ALL the reasons for that?! He turned and started to walk off. So much for using the gravity room as a distraction! “It’s not like I’m hanging around here because I’m eager for the baby to come! I’m just here because she told me to stay!”

“Dad, where are you going?” Trunks asked.

“To train! Somewhere nearby…”

***

Vegeta paced restlessly through the house. He had visited his restroom once more, again with no results. Every step shook his bladder and made him feel even closer to the point of completely bursting, but staying still in one spot had the exact same effect. At least moving around helped him think, and keeping his brain busy was all he could do by then to quell the ache.

He was trying to come up with a good name for his child. He wanted to give it a proper Saiyan name, and the one that kept standing out to him was Eschalot. That had been the name of his and Tarble’s mother, so it was obviously a name suitable for royalty. Yes, if the baby was a girl, he would name her Eschalot. It was decided.

Now, if it was a boy… Should he name him after himself? The name Vegeta was supposed to be for the first born son of the royal family, though. Not the second. Maybe he should name him after Tarble instead, then? No, that would get very confusing if Tarble ever visited in person again. What about Nappa?

…

No. Not Nappa.

He stepped outside to be greeted by Kakarot waving happily at him. “Hey, Vegeta!”

“And now he’s back…” Vegeta groaned, turning away. Kakarot, Whis, Beerus and a few others had ALL returned, in fact. Vegeta debated whether or not he should let himself fidget more openly. If Kakarot finally noticed, he could provide some sort of solution. But, Beerus was here to see it…

Kakarot sprinted over to him. “Hey, I’ve got some awesome news! We’re gonna get to fight some super strong warriors soon!” He babbled on about a huge tournament taking place between all of the universes, in which eighty people would all be fighting at once.

Vegeta had to admit, the idea intrigued him.

But, then he learned the tournament would be happening in just two days. That wouldn’t work. Bulma might not have given birth by then.

And, in that case, Vegeta might not have PEED by then, either.

A tournament was out of the question under THOSE heinous conditions.

“You’ll just have to count me out,” Vegeta said.

“Huh?!” Kakarot whined.

“I don’t know if my child is going to be born by then.”

“Didn’t you hear me?! We get to fight all the best fighters from across the cosmos!” Kakarot exclaimed.

“Why are you so eager for me to join your little team, anyway?”

Kakarot seemed nervous— It was a strange look on him. “Uh… Well, see, the thing is—“

“Hey, quit flapping your gums, Saiyans!” Beerus shouted over to them. “You’re going to compete, and that’s an order!”

“If you want me to fight, then you’ll have to persuade Bulma!” Vegeta snapped. “Because I’m not going anywhere unless you do!”

Whis sighed. “Alright, I’ll do it.”

Goku followed Vegeta and Whis inside, his gaze trained on Vegeta. He’d noticed his friend looking uncomfortable earlier today, when he’d asked him to come with him to Beerus’s planet and to the other tournament. He’d assumed Vegeta had just been too busy to use the restroom today and hadn’t gotten too worried about it— Vegeta was at home, so that meant he should be able to go.

Now, he wasn’t so sure.

Vegeta’s thighs were pushed together as he walked, his knees close together. And Goku didn’t miss the fact that he’d left the button on his pants undone— Vegeta wouldn’t allow himself to look ‘unkempt’ unless there was a reason for it. Even if he WAS super busy, he should have had at least a couple minutes in which to use the restroom. Bulma would have noticed by now too, she would have TOLD him to go.

He must have been having trouble again. Even here, right at home.

Goku couldn’t think of any reason why that would be, unless Vegeta was somehow going backwards. But, why? He’d been doing so well!

Goku had already been worried about how Vegeta would do at the upcoming tournament. He knew the battle would have a forty-eight minute time limit, which was a good sign. Vegeta could wait forty-eight minutes between bathroom breaks— Even Goku could do that! But, what about the time required to reach the proper location, and any delays that may occur? Goku couldn’t be one hundred percent positive that it really would ONLY take forty-eight minutes.

The universes that lost the tournament were going to be erased. The fate of the universe could not rest on Vegeta’s bladder letting him fight at his full potential. That was way too risky.

Goku added that to the list of things he had to do to prepare for the tournament; Figure out how to handle Vegeta’s Problem during it, just in case.

They reached one of the spare bedrooms, where Bulma was now seated and resting. Whis came towards her, did something with his staff, and suddenly Bulma’s stomach began to glow. A few seconds later, a baby girl had appeared, hovering in the air before landing in Bulma’s grasp.

“Is this really my baby?!” Bulma exclaimed in shock. “Oh, there, there, little one…”

The baby began to calm down as Whis turned back to Vegeta. “You should be able to compete now, if I’m not mistaken,” he said.

Vegeta didn’t know what to say. He hadn’t been expecting…. He hadn’t been expecting his daughter to be so tiny… And… And…

Vegeta was going to kill anything that went near her…

“Huh,” Kakarot said from beside him. “So, THAT’S how Chi-Chi did it?”

Vegeta shook himself out of his thoughts. “Kakarot, no! Of course not!”

“It’s not…?” Kakarot asked. “Then how’d Gohan and Goten get out? I was gonna watch with Gohan, but Chi-Chi just kept yelling ‘YOU DID THIS TO ME! GET OUT! I NEVER WANNA SEE YOU AGAIN!’ and made me leave.”

“They…” Vegeta could not believe he was having this conversation with a full-grown adult. “They… Well, they didn’t come out like THAT. Whis just has the ability to… To remove things from people’s bodies, I guess.”

“Okay, so it was just his magic,” Kakarot nodded.

“Yes…”

Kakarot paused. “Hey, Whis? Can we go talk for a minute? Alone?”

“Oh, certainly,” Whis said, following Kakarot back down the hall.

“Kakarot, what is this about?” Vegeta asked.

Kakarot gave him a smile, “Nothing, buddy! I just… I thought of a new strategy for the tournament, and I think it’s gonna help us a lot!”

“You did? Do you care to explain it to me?”

“Later, Vegeta,” Kakarot said, rubbing the back of his head like he always did when he was nervous or hiding something. Vegeta grew suspicious. “Go meet your daughter.”

Yes… The tiny, little baby Saiyan. HIS tiny, little baby Saiyan… All thoughts of Kakarot’s strange comments, all thoughts of the tournament, all thoughts pertaining to his still urgent need for the bathroom, were gone. He stepped into the room.

“And here’s your daddy,” Bulma said to the baby.

“Does she have a tail?” Vegeta asked, shifting his weight around once more. His middle felt heavier by the second.

Bulma shook her head. “Nope, no tail. You want to hold her?”

Vegeta hesitated. The baby was… So tiny, so breakable. He hadn’t noticed it until then, but he was clenching his fists up in response to the spasms in his core. “N—No. Not… Not now.”

Bulma looked at him for another couple seconds. “You… Uh… Want to go to our room for a minute?” She offered instead.

Vegeta nodded right away. He felt like something was coming unglued inside of him, the cork that had been stuck in his opening all day was gone now, and he was beyond ready to empty himself out. His hold felt more precarious now that he could tell his body wasn’t actively fighting against him anymore. He was glad he hadn’t been too far from his room, but even the short sprint seemed implausibly long to his straining bladder.

He reached the restroom and, for what had to be the twentieth time that day, tried to use it. This time, his stream gushed right out, an awful weight lifting itself off his midsection as he finally drained himself out completely. It had been so long since he’d been totally empty that it sent a huge shiver of pleasure up his spine. Phew…

Once he’d finished, he decided he probably had to go see his daughter again. Just in case anything had happened in the last five minutes.

*009*2025-03-24 20:57

Vegeta was pissed.

That wasn’t anything new. His moods typically ranged from ‘annoyed’ to ‘enraged’, but this was a new kind of anger, one he hadn’t experienced before. At its core, there was not a fiery desire to punch the source of his anger. There was something else entirely. Something painful.

Kakarot had gathered ten fighters to attend this new tournament with, and everything was fine until Buu fell asleep and everyone was unable to wake him. Kakarot needed to find a replacement.

He’d chosen Frieza.

Kakarot had chosen to bring Frieza back to life for one day.

Kakarot had chosen to make Vegeta LOOK at Frieza’s face again.

Kakarot had chosen to offer to bring Frieza back to life permanently with the dragon balls if he helped them win.

Vegeta had vocalized his displeasure from the second Kakarot brought it up. Yet, Kakarot had gone forward with it anyway. He assured Vegeta that one of them could handle Frieza if he became a problem again.

But, that wasn’t the point.

It didn’t matter if he and Kakarot could defeat Frieza once again should it become necessary.

What mattered was that Kakarot KNEW how… How Frieza made Vegeta FEEL and had decided to do this anyway.

He thought back to the nights they’d spent together in the time-chamber. Vegeta HAD had a couple of Frieza-themed dreams while they were in there. He’d always wake up to find Kakarot already holding him, rubbing soothing circles into his back, flaring his chi just slightly so that Vegeta would be able to really feel it.

He KNEW.

He knew that when Vegeta looked in Frieza’s eyes, he felt pain. He knew that when Vegeta saw Frieza smirk, it tore him up inside. He knew that the dreams recounting his torment in the torture-cell were some of the few things that could truly scare Vegeta.

And he’d done it anyway.

When Frieza arrived, the sensation blaring through Vegeta’s body was strange. He had that same icy-cold flutter that he’d gotten the last time he saw Frieza, and a desire to stand closer to Kakarot to take in his calming energy. But, how could it still be so calming? This was Kakarot’s fault. Vegeta was pissed at Kakarot. Why did he still seek comfort from him?

Vegeta shut his eyes to keep himself from looking at Frieza’s stupid face. They insulted each other for a few minutes, and Vegeta tried to hold on to the way he’d felt at the END of their last encounter; When he’d broken Frieza down, had very nearly had the honor of killing him. That grin shouldn’t have unsettled him so much anymore, not now that he’d seen Frieza’s lips trembling in fear of him.

It did anyway.

And then there was the realization that one of Vegeta’s strategies was backfiring on him. He’d been holding his bladder for a little while. He did not need to go badly by any means, but he’d intentionally been waiting until they were just about to leave before he went. He just wanted to be sure he could arrive at the tournament completely empty.

His plan would have worked perfectly well if it weren’t for Frieza’s presence. He was able to excuse himself around his companions, he knew that not a single one of them would judge him for needing to make DAMN sure he peed before he left home. But, Frieza…

How did he sneak off without prompting a jab from that creature? Every time he approached the door to head back inside his house, Frieza’s eyes were trained on him and he’d suddenly feel like he’d forgotten how to walk as buckets of shame were dumped over his head.

‘Kakarot, why did you do this?!’

“Alright Team Seventh Universe!” Whis called. “It’s time to go to the Null Realm!”

Vegeta groaned. He’d missed his chance, hadn’t he? Stupid Frieza and his stupid smile, and his stupid refusal to stop staring at Vegeta!

Vegeta reluctantly approached Whis with the others, before he felt a hand on his shoulder.

“Hold on, Vegeta,” Bulma said. “Don’t leave just yet! Bulla’s awake, you’d better say goodbye to her!”

‘Thank you, Bulma!’ Vegeta thought, relieved.

That only lasted for a couple seconds, because Frieza’s gaze then shifted towards him yet again. Vegeta felt every muscle inside of him pull taut. Frieza likely KNEW what Bulma was actually telling Vegeta to go do…

“Yes, prince,” Frieza said. “We can’t have you being distracted by anything ELSE now, can we?”

Vegeta refused to look at Frieza as he headed back inside and into his bathroom, where he was still so aware of Frieza’s presence outside, so close, knowing… Knowing what he was doing, knowing why it was so important that he do it NOW. He gritted his teeth and strained, pelvic muscles contracting and tightening, pressure refusing to ease.

‘No, no, no!’ Vegeta begged himself. ‘Not now— Not now! You have to leave in a couple minutes—‘ That was the exact wrong thing to think. He couldn’t go when he felt rushed, and now he felt more rushed than he ever had in his life. He rubbed a hand over his lower belly, feeling the tautness there, then turned the sink on. He shut his eyes, listening to the trickle of liquid. His bladder rolled and pinched at him, protesting the sound. ‘Come on, come on…’

He pushed against the heavy weight in his middle for several more minutes and then, to his dismay, there was a knock on the door. “Vegeta?” Bulma said. “Um… I know you don’t wanna hear this, but you’re running out of time… Whis says that showing up late will disqualify you, and if THAT happens—“

“I know, I know!” Vegeta growled, zipping back up. “The whole damn universe gets destroyed because of how I can’t take a piss, and THAT becomes my legacy for anyone who manages to remember I ever existed!”

“Vegeta, you’re over-dramatizi—“ Bulma winced audibly. “You’re… Right.”

Vegeta huffed as he left the restroom. So many times, he’d FELT like the universe was going to end due to something related to his Problem. Now, it actually had a chance of becoming a reality. He couldn’t keep trying to go HERE, because the penalty for tardiness was death. So, he had to just hold it in and hope that it didn’t keep him from fighting, otherwise they’d lose and the penalty for losing was ALSO death.

Everyone’s fate hinged on Vegeta’s bladder.

He did not like those odds.

And, of course, once he’d gotten back outside, Frieza’s eyes locked onto him immediately. “Ah, look who’s finally decided to grace us with his presence… That took quite a while, didn’t it Vegeta? I must say, that was more time than anyone could ever POSSIBLY need for such a simple activity…”

Vegeta scowled at him.

“Alright,” Whis said. “Now I’d like everyone to join hands and form a circle!”

What?! “Nnh—! Hold on!” Vegeta stood right where he was, ignoring Frieza’s out-stretched hand.

“Are you planning on joining us Vegeta?” Whis prompted. “We can’t leap away until we all form a circle.”

Frieza nodded. “Haven’t you delayed us enough already, Prince?”

“You’re actually making me hold Frieza’s hand?!” Vegeta spluttered. He looked around the circle. His vision stilled on Kakarot, who gazed back at him with furrowed brows and his teeth biting against his lip. It would be SO much better to hold THAT idiot’s hand, even if he was ticked off at him at the moment. Their chi did that weird joining-together thing whenever they held hands, it always settled Vegeta’s nerves, and he had a lot of nerves that needed settling now.

Demanding to swap places was out of the question, though. Everyone would be shocked if Vegeta indicated he WANTED to clutch Kakarot’s hand. They’d start to wonder. And, while he was sure no one would EVER talk themselves into thinking he’d somehow fallen in love with the moron, he still couldn’t have them believe the two of them ever got touchy-feely with each other!

Frieza snickered at his hesitation. “You don’t have to be scared Vegeta! I won’t bite!”

“Scared?!” Vegeta snapped.

Annoyed, Beerus grabbed Frieza’s hand instead and extended his other to Vegeta. “How’s that, are you happy now?”

“Tch… Yeah, yeah. Fine.”

Whis teleported them to the location of the tournament. Kakarot sped around, excitedly checking everything out. Vegeta, meanwhile, tried to ignore the tingles in his bladder. They weren’t that bad. This would be over in just forty-eight minutes, right? He could handle that, easy. And then he’d go back home and finally be able to let it all out.

IF their universe survived this, anyway.

Oh, of course they would. HE was on the team, after all. They couldn’t lose. No way would he manage to get himself SO desperate that he could no longer properly fight! Forty-eight minutes was nowhere near enough time for that to happen.

Then, Vegeta noticed that there were large blocks being floated around the arena and slotted into place. What was—

Whis said something about “last minute construction”. What?! So then, they had to wait for that to be finished before the tournament could even start? Vegeta’s bladder gave a small throb of displeasure as that news sank in. He glanced around, there did not seem to be a restroom here. Not that he was under any illusion he’d be able to USE it if it had existed, but somehow just knowing that he couldn’t even TRY and hope for a miracle added to the severity of his building discomfort.

He peered over the edge of the arena, seeing nothing but a deep, dark abyss that seemed to go on forever. Whis informed the group that they wouldn’t be able to fly back up if they got knocked off, the Zenos having done something to disable flight abilities throughout the area.

Vegeta’s impatience worsened as the other universe’s teams started to slowly trickle in. He fought not to tap his foot, fearing that such an action wouldn’t escape Frieza’s notice. Frieza already knew what was happening to him, and even the smallest amount of squirming would open the doors for more mockery and snide faux-concern.

Vegeta had to stop thinking about his urge. He knew where obsessing over it always led him, closer and closer to the bursting point at much too rapid a pace. He’d done it to himself during the last two tournaments he’d fought in, he couldn’t do it again at THIS one, not when the stakes were so high.

At the World Tournament and the one against Champa’s team, the main thing Vegeta had risked was embarrassment, which had only FELT like a death-sentence to him. Here, he risked embarrassment and a LITERAL death-sentence. He had to keep a cool head, one that wouldn’t tempt his bladder into pumping itself too full too quickly.

And maybe, if it got bad, he would be able to use his and Kakarot’s, ugh… silly, little ‘technique’. It was just so hit-and-miss for him, though. He had no way of knowing if it would actually WORK today or not.

Universe Six’s team arrived, which included Cabba and a couple of other Saiyans. One had a huge mass of spiky hair and the other, standing awkwardly behind her, had a short pony-tail. “Vegeta, it’s really great to see you again!” Cabba said. “How are you, master?”

Vegeta cringed at the title. “Don’t call me that!”

“Glad you made it, Cabba!” Kakarot said happily. “Feeling good about the tournament?”

“You bet!” Cabba nodded.

The spiky haired Saiyan laughed and nudged Cabba in the shoulder. “Yeah, that’s only because I made sure you ‘went’ first,” she said. “Can’t have you getting us all killed because you don’t know how to take a leak, right?”

Cabba flushed bright red, and so did Vegeta. So, THIS was what Cabba meant about his friends teasing him. How dare she? Cabba had told HIM about his situation in confidence! She couldn’t just go blurting it out to everyone! Vegeta scowled. It was a good thing Frieza wasn’t close by enough to hear that! He had no doubt that Frieza would taunt Cabba like he did to him; Frieza was sure to be displeased when he realized there were still so many Saiyans left alive in another universe. He wouldn’t pass up the chance to get under the skin of one of them.

Vegeta also couldn’t help but feel a little jealous of Cabba. Cabba had actually been able to go before coming here…

Not meeting anyone’s eyes, Cabba mumbled; “This is Caulifla…”

“Oh, nice to meet ya!” Kakarot said, extending his hand, which Caulifla slapped away.

“Caulifla, that’s rude!” Cabba scolded.

“I’m not here to make new friends.”

Cabba introduced the other, shyer Saiyan. Her name was Kale. Her unusually soft-spoken nature reminded Vegeta of his mother, though their physical appearances could not have been more different. He instantly wondered if her shy demeanor hid an incredible strength as well.

Once the other universe’s Saiyans had departed, Vegeta found himself alone with Kakarot for several minutes. He wanted to hiss at the moron once again for forcing him to be in Frieza’s vicinity, but one more warning throb from his bladder changed his mind. He could be angry at Kakarot later, right now he needed something ELSE far more than he needed to yell.

“Kakarot…” Vegeta whispered, as quietly as he possibly could.

“Yeah?” Kakarot asked.

“I… Uh… Before we left, I was… Or, rather, I WASN’T, um…”

“I know,” Kakarot said. “How bad is it?”

Of course, he’d noticed. Just like Frieza… They both kept SUCH a sharp eye on Vegeta, just for two entirely different reasons. “It’s… Not terrible yet, but the longer I have to wait for this damn thing to get started…” Kakarot had to have a solution; He always had in the past! Vegeta was SURE he’d been thinking about the possibility of this exact scenario, so he’d definitely come up with some kind of plan!

“Right,” Kakarot said. “So, um…” He looked towards the stands, where Beerus, Whis and the Kais were all seated, waiting for the battle to begin. “It’s… It’s alright if you need to squirm during the fights if you need to. Everyone’s gonna be so busy that they won’t be paying attention to it.”

…

That was IT?!

That was his answer?!

What?! No! That couldn’t be it! Kakarot was supposed to… He was supposed to tell Vegeta that he could handle it, get him the relief he needed so that he could focus!

Telling him it was ‘alright’ to wriggle and writhe like an idiot— as if that could EVER be ‘alright’!— wasn’t going to do him any good! What was WRONG with Kakarot today?! First Frieza, now this?! Kakarot was supposed to know what to do! Kakarot was supposed to—

Kakarot was supposed to look out for him.

Why wasn’t he doing that now?! Was Kakarot pissed at him? Why?! If anyone had the right to be pissed off right now, it was Vegeta!

Was this all because Vegeta didn’t train with him ONE fucking time because he was waiting for his daughter to be born? Couldn’t Kakarot understand how that was important, too?! Was he really going to be petty about it?! That wasn’t the Kakarot he knew.

But, fine! He could go ahead and be that way, then! He could brush Vegeta off, refuse to help. Then, after this whole thing was over and, if Vegeta hadn’t either exploded are been erased by the Zenos, THEN he’d give Kakarot a piece of his mind for this ridiculous behavior!

Vegeta groaned and flexed his toes uncomfortably. If the ‘technique’ didn’t end up working for him today, he was fucked.

“I promise, Vegeta,” Kakarot said. “If you let yourself squirm, it’s going to help.” He hesitated. “Okay, listen. Don’t get mad, but I—“

“What are you monkeys whispering about over there?” Frieza prompted, pacing towards them. Vegeta cursed himself for the increased tightness that flooded into every one of his muscles.

“N—Nothing,” Kakarot said, frowning.

“Hmm…” Frieza hummed. “I hope you weren’t discussing a way to back out of our little deal.”

“‘Course not,” Kakarot said. “I don’t break promises.” Turning to Vegeta, he added softly; “Come on, I’ll explai—“

He was interrupted once more by an announcement booming through the area. “We will now hear some words of welcome from the omni kings themselves.”

Vegeta bit back a groan, fighting not to show any signs of displeasure at that news. Frieza was right there. He wouldn’t believe that Vegeta’s impatience was purely from the excitement to fight. He’d recognize it for what it was. He’d know precisely why Vegeta was in a hurry.

The Zenos popped out and spoke in unison. Thankfully, their statement was short. But then the announcer had to go over the rules again, much to Vegeta’s annoyance. He already knew them all. Knock the opponents out of the ring. No weapons. No killing. No flight. Once a team had all ten of its competitors disqualified, their universe would be erased. Last one standing would be the winner, sparing their universe and earning one wish on the Super Dragon Balls.

When the tournament was finally underway, Gohan reminded everyone to work together again. Vegeta scoffed at that; It would go faster if he just took everyone out on his own. Maybe he could achieve victory in UNDER 48 minutes and get home sooner. He could do that, right? He had plenty of motivation to want to knock out as many people possible as quickly as possible… He immediately hurried off to fight.

For a while, it wasn’t so bad. As he sparred with his opponents, he was constantly aware of his need, sharp tingling occasionally broken up by far more intense throbs. Each time he felt a serious pang, he would flare his energy and push into it, hoping to get his stream to begin its undetectable flow. It never happened. He didn’t even manage to feel that pinch in his tip, the sensation that told him he was close to letting it out.

He tried not to panic that the ‘technique’ wasn’t working. Forty-eight minutes. That was all. And, maybe it just wasn’t working YET because he wasn’t quite full enough. He wasn’t that full… He could still concentrate. He was fine.

His concentration was eventually broken, but not by his bladder. Kakarot had gotten himself surrounded by three wolf-like creatures, and seemed to be having trouble holding his own against them. Vegeta growled under his breath. He was MAD at Kakarot! Why did seeing him in distress STILL make him feel so—

“Dammit Kakarot…” Vegeta gritted out, forcing his way into the fray. “What are you doing wasting your time playing with puppies?!”

“Hey, these guys aren’t the easiest to deal with!” Kakarot said.

“If it’s so hard, sit this out! I’ll tame these mutts!”

“Hey, no fair, Vegeta! I was here first!” Kakarot whined as the other fighters from the wolves’s universe began to encroach on them.

Great, Vegeta thought he could handle all of these people easily enough, and now they were just coming right up to him. Ridding the arena of a whole group would do wonders towards moving this thing along!

Vegeta took off after one of the wolves. Kakarot yelled at him to be careful, mentioning some toxic poison ability this wolf possessed. “I don’t need a babysitter, Kakarot! I know how to fight him!” he declared confidently. And, he DID. He kept up just fine with the stupid mutt, maintaining his focus even when his bladder started to pulse and act up again.

Unfortunately, he focused SO intently on the wolf that a different fighter was able to creep up on him, and then he was so busy dealing with HER that the wolf snuck in and punched him with all its might.

Directly into his fucking bladder.

Vegeta gasped and coughed, doubling over with his hands over his searing abdomen, which only made the pain so much worse. ‘Why?! Why does everyone always have to hit me RIGHT THERE?!’ He could vaguely hear Kakarot calling out his name, but wasn’t able to respond. The wailing aches had him gritting his teeth way too hard to speak. He strained and rose his chi up, if there was ever a time that his bladder would crack open, it would be NOW.

Not even a drop seeped out and he had to work to transform his anguished whimper into an angry sounding grunt as he went back into the battle. Now, he was having more trouble keeping up. That blow to his most sensitive, most delicate weak-spot had done more damage than he would like to admit. It didn’t help matters that the two fighters that were still coming at him were both incredibly fast.

Vegeta had never noticed it before, but moving super quickly on-foot was a lot harder on his bladder than doing it in mid-air was. He could feel the ripple effects of every hasty step, pressure moving from the soles of his feet, up the lines of his legs and slamming directly into his middle. He felt the water inside of him rocking and sloshing, churning away with urgency. Worse, the floor of the arena had been shaking non-stop since the tournament began, and Vegeta couldn’t simply leap into the sky in order to stop feeling it. So, every reverberation came with an accompanying sting in his opening.

Goku and Vegeta eventually managed to knock every opponent from that universe out of the ring. And, just as promised, this was followed up by the Zenos wiping them from existence. One second they were sitting in the stands, watching the others battle, the next they had faded away. Goku’s heart sank at the sight of it. He didn’t think he’d realized how serious this actually was until now. Most of the people here today were going to die, along with everyone else in their universes.

Goku could die here, too, and all of his friends. Goku wasn’t one to be afraid of death, experiencing it twice already and knowing what was supposed to happen afterwards made that easy. If he died, he was supposed to go to Fighters’ Heaven in Other World.

But, that wasn’t comforting to him this time.

Everyone else in the universe shouldn’t have to die with him. Plus, what if his universe being erased meant that Other World would be gone, too? And, even if it remained…

Goku had a feeling he knew what would happen to Vegeta after he died, too. He had a feeling that, regardless of anything else, he would never see Vegeta again if their universe didn’t survive today. Maybe there was SOME way to fix that, but Goku would never have a chance to find it unless they lived through today. His breath hitched at the thought and he looked over at Vegeta, suddenly having the biggest urge to grab him in a tight hug, because it might be his last chance to ever do it.

It would throw Vegeta off too much, though. He’d be embarrassed if that happened in front of so many people. In the midst of a fight, no less. Besides that, Goku could see him twitching, just a little, so slightly that only Goku himself would be able to pick up on it. Vegeta wouldn’t enjoy being squeezed right now.

Goku wished Vegeta would stop with the shuddering and just let himself truly squirm. He’d tried to explain it to him earlier! If only Frieza hadn’t shown up. Goku started pacing towards his friend, intending to give it another try, but at that moment the shock of seeing that universe’s elimination faded away, and the fighting picked up again.

Vegeta attempted to go after Hit. Hit deserved it. Hit had been the one to give Vegeta the worst punch to his bladder that he had ever experienced. He’d momentarily become so desperate for relief that it made him PASS OUT to escape the pain. Plus, the whole ‘trying to kill Kakarot’ thing hadn’t exactly endeared him to Vegeta very much either, even if Kakarot HAD been stupid enough to set the whole thing up himself.

Before he reached Hit, Botamo— the gelatinous fighter from Hit’s universe— got in the way. Vegeta threw a series of punches against the round body in front of him, none of them making the slightest impact. He decided to just toss Botamo out of the ring, that was how Kakarot had dealt with him during their last encounter. And, he had better do that NOW, before it got harder for him to use his abdominal muscles for lifting.

It still wasn’t an easy task. Botamo was far from the heaviest thing Vegeta had ever had to pick up, but with his core already straining from the effort of carrying his bladder, adding to the load required quite a bit of clenching and effort. His body made it very clear that it wasn’t pleased with him, a constant humming pulse encompassing his lower torso.

He felt himself start to shake, and was horrified to realize that he would prefer everyone who noticed it thinking that he was trembling because Botamo’s weight was hard to hold onto; Almost everyone from his own universe may not have found his Problem humorous, but what about the others? They were all his opponents anyway! If they realized he just had to go, they’d know where to hit him to deal the most damage. Every blow would be to his bladder, and he’d be overwhelmed in no time.

He started to carry Botamo off, when he felt an awful, grotesque slam to his back. Right below his ribs. Right in his OTHER most troublesome weak-spot! As he dropped Botamo and tumbled towards the ground, he was just glad that his urgency hadn’t yet progressed to that horrible point yet. His kidneys had not yet lit themselves ablaze, the throttling was not nearly as bad as it could have been.

The relief was short-lived, however. Because, as soon as he hit the ground, the real Hell began. He landed right onto his front, because OF COURSE he did… His own weight piled up onto his bladder. For some reason, that hurt worse than carrying Botamo had, even though Vegeta knew he was DEFINITELY a great deal lighter than that creature was. His opening flared, and he forced his chi to do the same as he pressed down hard. If he could just ALLOW the awful spasms to move forward with what they were THREATENING to do to him…

Nothing. He very nearly began to whimper, barely managing to keep himself silent as he painstakingly turned himself over to get a look at his assailant. It was Magetta; the robot-like creature he’d fought before, during one of the most uncomfortable battles of his entire life. Magetta wasn’t able to torture him with a big, steaming, hot glass cube this time, but that wasn’t too much of an improvement considering the limitations this tournament brought.

Just like before, each of Magetta’s steps shook the surrounding area. Unlike before, Vegeta could not simply launch himself into the air and STAY there to avoid dealing with the consequences this wrought. He had to remain there on the ground, feeling each powerful earthquake of the ground below him slosh and ripple the liquid stuck inside his body. He tensed his thighs as he struggled back to his feet.

Thankfully, he remembered Magetta’s weakness, the one Whis had told him about before; Magetta was very sensitive to insults. If he could just make the thing start crying… He shut his eyes and started to shout; “You ugly bucket of bolts! You belong in a junkyard! Go recycle yourself, you hollow, rust-covered tin-can!” He waited for the sound of sobbing, but it didn’t come. Admittedly, that hadn’t been Vegeta’s best barrage of cruel words. With a clearer mind, he would have come up with something better. But, still! If Magetta’s feelings were as easily hurt as Whis said, that should have been enough!

Vegeta opened his eyes and, to his dismay, saw that Botamo had climbed up onto Magetta’s shoulders, clamping his hands over his ears. What?! Come on! That actually worked?! How thick were Botamo’s hands?! Vegeta’s screams were supposed to be some of the loudest things in existence! He could out-yell a damn jet engine! Well, fine! He’d just have to get louder!

Vegeta sucked in a deep breath, grimacing at the tight feeling this wrapped around his throbbing midsection, and prepared himself.

He didn’t get the chance to try again. Magetta started to spit out lava, a smoke cloud forming and distorting Vegeta’s vision. Still joined together, Magetta and Botamo went on the offensive. Vegeta had to focus on dodging.

Vegeta REALLY hated dodging right now…

He would give ANYTHING to just be able to fly. Darting from side to side in the sky might not have felt GOOD to his bladder, especially when he had to change his trajectory in the blink of an eye, but it was leagues better than THIS.

He had to leap and tumble around, do hand-springs, do cart-wheels… Every time he landed back on the ground, every time his body spun, his whole mid-section came alive with a brilliantly violent need for release which just refused to come even as he charged his energy to make sure nothing visible would take place. The fluid inside of him was stirred around, splashing in all directions, the pressure spun and changed so often and so rapidly that it was nauseating. He felt the ache all the way up to his throat.

He was finally launched onto the other side of the immense smoke-cloud, and chose to just remain there for a moment. He’d landed on his feet, but had collapsed into a crouch within the second. His eyes darted around, there was so much smoke that he couldn’t see anyone. Which would mean no one could see HIM either. He brought one of his feet up against his crotch, rocking himself into his heel, his spine shuddering. The tides in his bladder still hadn’t settled after all of that jumping around, he felt it bubbling and frothing angrily. It felt like his bladder was full of lava, like everything Magetta had spat out had somehow been transported into it.

He did whimper then, feeling comfortable enough in his shrouded solitude to vocalize his distress. What was he going to DO?! The ‘technique’ wasn’t working, and he was sure now that he was full enough that it ought to have been. He had to go SO bad… He was basically holding himself, fidgeting away and hoping the smoke didn’t clear away too soon and force him to stop before he was ready.

The tournament was barely even underway, yet it felt like he’d been here for hours already. ‘Forty-eight minutes my ass,’ he thought. ‘Did the Zenos have Frieza build their clocks for them or something?!’ He pushed his heel more firmly against himself, trying to savor the little taste of relief it granted him. If he could just stay like THIS, concealed right here, wriggling around and concentrating completely on holding it until the end of the tournament, he thought he’d be okay.

He also knew that it wasn’t an option.

The smoke would clear eventually, revealing his pathetic, crumpled form to everyone and making him into such an easy target. Besides that, his own team wasn’t going to SURVIVE if he didn’t fight. Everyone he knew and everything he cared about would be erased if he didn’t get a handle on himself and focus on what was actually important.

Which was not his bladder.

His bladder hurt. His bladder hurt extremely badly. But, part of fighting in a life-or-death situation was working through pain. This was a decidedly different kind of pain than what his opponents would be enduring, and the battle wounds he was going to accumulate weren’t going to help, but he HAD to endure.

Bulla, Trunks, Bulma and… And Kakarot… They all depended on Vegeta’s ability to ignore the horrible desperation and get on with the fight. It would be EASIER to fight if he weren’t exploding, but since there wasn’t a damn thing he could do about that, he just had to live with it and work through it. He could do that… He just… He just needed a moment…

Yes.

THIS would be his strategy! He’d alternate between fighting as hard as he could, and finding somewhere private to squirm and writhe unnoticed! That wouldn’t be SO hard, the arena was getting destroyed, there was tons of debris everywhere, he could wedge himself behind some of that to wriggle and clutch at himself until he felt more stable, then head back out into the fray. It wasn’t ideal, but was better than nothing.

The smoke was still billowing around him, he had a little more time to remain here and—

“Master!”

Cabba’s voice, and Vegeta could vaguely spot his silhouette moving through the wall of smoke.

He was out of time.

Dammit…

Cabba stepped through and revealed himself; “Unless you bow out now, we will have no choice but to fight.”

Vegeta needed another few seconds to force himself onto his feet. Weirdly, he didn’t feel as terrible about that as he figured he would. He didn’t exactly WANT Cabba to notice that something was bothering him, much less figure out what it was, yet the idea that Cabba MIGHT do that didn’t utterly horrify him, either. Out of all of the opponents here, Cabba was the least likely to try taking advantage of Vegeta’s predicament. The smaller Saiyan was so foolishly polite, and he knew what this felt like.

No, as Vegeta finally managed to stand, the main thing he was worried about was what Cabba would SAY if he worked it out, some silly, embarrassing comment along the lines of “Oh, we’re the same, Master! No wonder you knew how to help me when I visited Earth!”

As if Vegeta had actually helped him out of some vague feeling of solidarity. Of course not. He just hadn’t wanted the Saiyan name disgraced if Cabba couldn’t make it home, that was all!

They started to fight, and Vegeta was dismayed to realize how much his speed had already diminished since when he had been battling Magetta and Botamo. He hesitated before each kick, preparing himself for the throbs associated with lifting his leg out. It only took half a second longer, but that was enough to allow for Cabba to get some hits in. Vegeta shook and jerked his body backwards, trying to keep Cabba from making contact with his bladder region. Eventually, he wasn’t quick enough, and his middle scorched with urgency as Cabba dug his fist into it.

Vegeta choked on his own breath, the pressure exploding up higher and higher, his legs crossed for just a second before he quickly spread them back out again. This would happen a few more times, until Cabba managed to hit him hard enough that he wasn’t able to straighten up quite so easily. His knees rubbed, his ankles hooked around each other, and he nearly doubled over. His hands flew towards his crotch, then hovered there uselessly as he pleaded with himself not to grab. The smoke was still providing adequate cover from everyone else, but Cabba would—

Cabba stopped everything he was doing. He lowered his fists and backed away.

Cabba already HAD noticed.

Just as Vegeta predicted, he wasn’t going to try taking advantage of it, though. Vegeta gritted his teeth, irritated. Cabba thought he was worthy of being HIS student, yet in a life-or-death fight like THIS one, he held himself back when he realized his opponent was distressed? “Well?!” Vegeta snapped, trying to stand back up the rest of the way, his twitching, tense spine making that difficult. “C—Come on, then!”

“Master…” Cabba said.

“What?!” Vegeta dragged his legs apart from one another, unable to keep the wince off of his face as his opening pinged with sharp, frantic spasms.

“I want to fight you so you can see how much I’ve improved,” Cabba said. “But, that won’t work if the battle isn’t fair.”

Vegeta scowled. “What are you talking about?!”

“Um… I meant, if you want to take a break… Er… It kinda looks like you have to…”

“Not exactly an ideal place for THAT, now is it?!” Vegeta crossed his arms, mainly to keep his hands pinned away from his groin. He rocked on his toes, trying to soothe the angry waters inside of him.

Cabba nodded. “I know,” he said. “But, um… Can you fight that way?”

“I don’t have a choice,” Vegeta said. “I’ll work through it. I’m used to it.” He hadn’t meant to say that last part. Something about Cabba just made him feel so annoyingly comfortable…

“You’re used to it?!” Cabba repeated. “You fight while needing to… You fight like this often? Why? I’d…. I’d NEVER do it if I had a choice!”

Vegeta rolled his eyes. “Well, what does THAT tell you?! I don’t have a choice, either.”

“Forgot to go before you came here?”

“… No. I couldn’t.”

Cabba’s eyes widened for a second before he nodded. “Oh… I guess that explains why you didn’t tease me after you found out about my—“

“Shut up.”

“Well, maybe we can find a crevice somewhere that you can go,” Cabba said. “I can stand guard, like what you did for me.”

Vegeta grimaced and rolled his eyes. “That won’t work, I can sense too much energy. Besides, at least a quarter of the people here would be able to knock you out of the way if they really wanted to.”

Cabba flinched and tensed his fists. “We could just try—“

“We’re also SUPPOSED to be opponents here,” Vegeta reminded. “It is ABSURD that you’re even considering this. A warrior should—“

“A warrior shouldn’t want a fair fight?” Cabba asked. “If I beat you, I want it to be because of my own power, not because you’re just too uncomfortable to focus.”

“Tch… Well—“

He broke off upon sensing a sudden rapid flare of chi. The ground shook once again, Vegeta bounced in place, trying to time his hops with the rumbling beneath him, but only feeling like he was shaking his bladder up so much more. “What in the Hell was that?”

“Kale,” Cabba answered. “She must have transformed.”

Transformed into WHAT?! That wasn’t what it usually felt like when someone went Super Saiyan. It was so dense and fiery. Vegeta headed towards where he felt that energy, and got a glimpse of Kale. She… Kind of looked like a Super Saiyan. Her hair was standing straight up and had changed colors, but it had more of a greenish tint to it now rather than pure gold. She had also beefed up considerably, and her pupils weren’t visible.

“Look at that brute form she’s taken! It’s grotesque!” Vegeta said. “Is that her idea of going Super Saiyan?!” It was all wrong, she probably couldn’t move much in that bulky form! Had Cabba taught her to do that?! He’d need to have a word with that runt if he ever got the chance again.

Or, maybe this was—

He saw Kakarot approaching Kale. “Careful, Kakarot!” He blurted out. Dammit… Now everyone was going to think he gave a fuck. “Don’t get sloppy!”

“Relax!” Kakarot called back. “I won’t!”

“We don’t know what we’re dealing with! That could be the legendary Super Saiyan form our ancestors spoke of!”

Vegeta watched as Kakarot fought her, his stomach twisting so hard that it made his bladder ache along with it. Kale was just shouting threats at Kakarot, and it didn’t look like she knew what she was even doing. This should have been comforting, with her attacks being so uncoordinated, that should make her easier to defeat. But, with her power being as intense as it was, her inability to properly wield it was just dangerous. She was not in control of her actions at all.

When Vegeta heard Caulifla yelling at Kale, reminding her that she was not allowed to KILL Kakarot, his heart-rate quickened, every beat coming with an accompanying pulse from his full bladder as his whole body went tight and tense.

COULD she kill Kakarot in that form? Would she TRY to after that warning? It was obvious that she wasn’t thinking at all, that her only intention was to destroy Kakarot. Vegeta’s ears ceased to work, only able to pick up on the sound of his own heart and a sudden, high-pitched buzzing that had come out of nowhere. He shifted one foot forwards—

Then, some other fighter with light purple skin took Kale down in just one hit.

She was no longer a threat to Kakarot.

Not that Vegeta had been worried, of course.

***

Vegeta’s team regrouped after a while. Piccolo and Gohan were discussing their strategy yet again. Vegeta couldn’t be bothered to pay attention to any of it. He was too busy trying not to fidget. Frieza was right there, eyes set right on him, scanning him up and down. Frieza was already aware that he had to go, Frieza was already trying to catch him squirming so that he could rub it in and remind him of how pathetic he was.

He had to hold still. He kept his arms ram-rod straight by his sides. His hands remained balled into tight fists. He forced his feet shoulder-width apart, wary that even just having his legs too close together would be enough for Frieza to seize on. He flexed his toes inside of his boots, the only wriggling he thought he could get away with.

What he couldn’t stop, however, were the tremors. Same as always, the tautness in all of his muscles had caused him to start shaking. His arms twitched spasmodically, his legs cramped up. He was unable to stop gnashing his teeth together, either, his jaw aching from the pressure. Sweat rolled down his forehead as well. But, everyone here was sweaty. It was normal to be sweaty. They had been fighting. He didn’t look desperate. He had to keep telling himself that.

Still, Frieza’s unwavering gaze, the grin pulling at the corners of his mouth… Vegeta forced himself to look away. They were far enough from the actual battles taking place that it took him a bit to spot something else to look at.

Caulifla had climbed to the top of one of the rock formations, Kale was right behind her, apparently having recovered from that hit the purple guy had given her. They both seemed distressed, which Vegeta couldn’t blame them for. The purple guy was a considerable threat, with how easily he’d managed to knock Kale out in spite of her ridiculous power-up. They had good reason to look so worried.

He watched Kale grab Caulifla’s arm, the panic on her features increasing. Then, Caulifla pointed over the edge of the rock. Vegeta bit back a groan. She must have spotted his group, they were going to attack while Gohan and Piccolo kept them here, yammering on. Vegeta tightened his fists in preparation. But, they didn’t budge from the rock.

Kale was shaking her head, her legs rubbing.

Caulifla rolled her eyes, jiggled on her heels and pointed more forcefully over the side of the rock.

More head-shaking from Kale.

Caulifla nodded towards her, put her hand on her shoulder and said something to her. Then, both of them went to the edge.

Vegeta started to raise his chi, silently urging Piccolo and Gohan to shut up. This tournament wasn’t the kind of thing they could just PAUSE like this! Didn’t they see they were about to be ambushed?

Or—

Wait, what were they doing?

Caulifla had lowered the front of her pants and Kale had lifted up her skirt, and they had tilted back a bit, their hands placed between their legs and spread out. A thick stream of urine jetted out of Caulifla, then Kale followed suit a couple seconds later, both of them looking very relieved. Vegeta hurried to avert his eyes, feeling his face warming up and his own bladder stirring restlessly with his need. It was SO easy for THEM to just let go…

And, he couldn’t help but think; ‘Oh, so THAT’S how it works.’ He’d had a bit of annoying, revolting curiosity about how the female Saiyans of his home-planet relieved themselves while standing ever since Bulma told him that it wasn’t the norm on Earth. Now that he’d accidentally seen it take place from the front, the question had been answered.

He kept his gaze glued to the ground, though. He hadn’t MEANT to watch them even for those couple of seconds. He just hadn’t realized what they were getting ready to do. His stupid Saiyan ears could still pick up the hiss and trickle of their streams, too. Or, maybe his desperate brain was just more prone to latching onto that noise. Either way, he couldn’t ignore the sound as the two gushed off the top of the rock, taking care of their needs so freely and simply while Vegeta was struggling not to bounce and flail with urgency in front of Frieza.

The pitter-patter of long-held liquid in the distance finally stopped at around the same time Gohan had finished with his stupid ‘teamwork’ speech. Vegeta was immensely grateful for both of those things coming to an end. He rushed off, away from Frieza’s uncomfortable glances, and found a nice, secluded, out-of-the-way space to give in to his body’s demands that he writhe. As soon as he’d pushed himself between the debris where no one could possibly spot him, his hands went to his crotch and squeezed down tightly.

He’d allow himself a few more moments of this, just until he’d taken the edge off again.

***

Vegeta managed to extract himself from behind the rocks just in time for another fight, this one against three extremely annoying women from the second universe. Squeezing himself for as long as he had HAD settled his bladder a little, it no longer felt like it was about to split itself open down the middle, at least. But, when the women decided to force everyone to sit through a long, drawn-out transformation, the little patch of relief he’d put over his wounded bladder seemed to just peel away.

The women were doing some obnoxious dance-routine, yelling nonsensical phrases, letting each part of their body painstakingly change form little by little. What were they even doing?! Were all the theatrics really necessary?! Vegeta could turn into a Super Saiyan in half a second, no idiotic twirling required! If HIS transformations necessitated bullshit like this, they wouldn’t even be WORTH it!

They… Also wouldn’t be worth it if they caused him to LOOK even half as ridiculous as the women all did once their stupid dance was finally completed. All their skin had turned teal, two of them had spontaneously grown antennae, one of them now had a body shaped like a bell… He imagined making a fool of himself by putting on an idiotic dance, and then coming out of it looking like THAT. He finally shuddered from something that WASN’T desperation, scowling at them. “Yeah. Nice transformation,” he said. “But would you show us what you can actually do?!”

The bell-shaped one proceeded to use a bizarre attack that unleashed a sickly sweet smell all over the arena. Vegeta’s stomach lurched with the urge to throw up, the contractions tearing into his bladder as well and causing his legs to snap together and strain.

The girls’ leader declared that all who inhaled the stench would be brainwashed and put under their control. Ugh, what?! Who could be put under a spell by such a disgusting odor?! It was like every flower in the universe had been blended together, mixed with sugar and cinnamon, and turned into a fine powder. It was overkill. It was TOO sweet to be anything other than revolting! And, to a Saiyan nose, it was downright migraine-inducing! Ugh, gross! Get it AWAY from him!

He unleashed a blast which did exactly that, blowing away all of the sickly fumes so that he could breathe properly again without wanting to die. “Really?!” He yelled. “That’s your full power?! After such an excruciating build-up, I was expecting more from you!”

“My, aren’t we impatient!” The bell-shaped woman replied.

Vegeta launched himself at her, hoping that she wouldn’t manage to find his ‘weak-spot’, which was becoming much more of a problem. His stomach still hadn’t settled down from the nauseating dousing of perfume, and when IT cramped his bladder had to cramp as well. When he moved, he felt less like it was sloshing, and more like it was a huge, solid mass that he was being forced to drag along with him.

It got worse when he started to kick at her. Kicking meant raising up his legs. Raising up his legs meant crushing his bladder. He gritted his teeth and worked through the pain. He chanted that silently to himself with every thrust of his foot, like a mantra; ‘Work through the pain. Work through the pain. Work through the pain.’ Every spasm through his midsection made it so much harder to follow through, and each time his foot made contact, the impact ricocheted back into his own body— To the point he wondered if he was ultimately damaging HIMSELF more than he was her.

She used ANOTHER transformation— this one, thankfully, with way less build-up— which turned her body into a ball that spun towards Vegeta. He came to a stop and prepared to meet the onslaught with a punch, but as she drew closer, the thrumming in his lower half sharpened to a crescendo of extreme, vile need. His insides twisted, his bloated bladder strained, his tip burned with acidic pangs. Alarms seemed to be ringing in every part of his body, every inhale crushing the throbbing ball of tension in his core. The hand he’d had raised up dropped down towards his waist, and he just barely dodged out the ball-shaped woman’s way, darting behind some more rock formations before his hand could make contact.

He braced himself against one of the rock walls with one hand, the other squeezing his dick so tightly that he was getting dizzy. Ugh, he’d almost had that woman! He was going to punt her right out of the ring, and then he’d just run away because he… Because he was fucking EXPLODING with piss and it was driving him absolutely nuts! His worst nightmare was coming true, the universe was going to end because he had to pee. Stupid Bulma, always telling him that such a thing would NEVER happen, well now it WAS. He’d missed his chance to defeat that opponent thanks to how ridiculously bad he needed to go, how was he supposed to deal with anyone else?! He was utterly USELESS.

Cabba… Cabba… Oh, where had Cabba run off to?! Vegeta was ready to take him up on that offer from earlier! Cabba keeping watch for him might do SOMETHING to help! Vegeta focused and tried to feel for Cabba’s chi, but there were just SO many enormous energies all around him, he couldn’t pick Cabba’s out of the group.

Fuck it, he had to go NOW.

He tore down his zipper and aimed for one of the rocks, PLEADING with his body to do what it had to do. Even just a little… If he peed for about half a minute, and then couldn’t go anymore, that would STILL take such a load off of his bladder, enough that he’d be able to keep fighting. Please, just a little… Just a drop… Everyone here was so busy, they wouldn’t check behind a bunch of rocks to see if Vegeta was urgently trying to relieve himself. There were so many chi blasts exploding, no one would hear the hissing if he DID finally get something out.

But, there was nothing. He pushed, he strained, he silently begged, he clamped his eyes closed, he dug his heels in and grunted with the effort, none of it worked. There wasn’t a single muscle in his body that wasn’t tied into a knot, no part of him was even ALMOST relaxed. And how COULD it be?! He was in the middle of a battle, what was probably the most important one of his life, and he was failing MISERABLY at being of any use during it! What had he accomplished so far?

He’d… Gotten those wolves away from Kakarot, sure, but beyond that? He hadn’t been able to finish his fight against Botamo and Magetta because he’d been too busy squirming like a pathetic worm behind a smoke-screen. Then Cabba, his next opponent, started to take PITY on him and decided not to even fight him. He hadn’t even managed to pay attention while his team discussed their strategy, thanks to his stupid, needy body and Frieza’s aggravating stares making him too damn nervous to focus on anything. And then, he couldn’t even hold still in one spot long enough to punch someone.

He was a COMPLETE failure. Maybe Kakarot should have selected someone ELSE to take his spot in the tournament. He SHOULD have, especially since Kakarot himself hadn’t even come up with a plan for this awful scenario. But, why WOULD Kakarot have planned for this?! He must have assumed that Vegeta couldn’t POSSIBLY find a way to get himself into this much trouble in the span of just forty-eight minutes! He must have figured that a plan wouldn’t be necessary because, surely, even VEGETA couldn’t fuck himself over THAT badly!

Well, he had! He’d done it! And, the longer he stayed back here, the more it sank in for him that he wasn’t going to get any emptier. He begrudgingly zipped back up as he heard the announcement that the tenth universe had been eliminated. His own was definitely going to receive a similar announcement eventually, and it was mainly going to be HIS fault for torpedoing his own abilities, for letting Frieza’s mere EXISTENCE get under his skin so much that he couldn’t even urinate in his own home.

His stupid feelings were going to get everyone killed, this was why he wasn’t supposed to HAVE any!

He resumed his miserable squirming, cursing himself again and again for the idiotic way he’d managed to doom everyone. He thought that he wouldn’t even care if he pissed himself mid-battle today. He wouldn’t even care if it happened while he wasn’t powered up and it ended up being visible. Emptiness would lead to strength, and that was all that mattered now. But, welcoming an accident changed nothing. His body still wouldn’t allow for one to happen. His body still wouldn’t allow him to drain out in ANY way whatsoever.

The ground continued to shake as the battle raged on and, while bracing himself against the rocks, Vegeta finally— FINALLY— felt a little damp spurt trickle against his thigh. His first instinct was to panic and clamp up, but he stopped himself just BARELY in time, corrected his course and PUSHED. He didn’t care— He just had to get the pressure to go down. He’d dry it off with his chi once it was over, just PLEASE let him be able to go!

Just as the stream increased from a dribble to a waterfall, Vegeta was startled by Kakarot’s voice. “THERE you are.”

Vegeta’s entire body jerked and clenched up again instantaneously. The cork found its way back into his bladder just as Kakarot joined him. Vegeta burned red hot, ashamed of what he’d just been doing— Allowing himself to just pee his pants like that! Not even charging up first to hide it! If he’d gotten any more liquid out, the dark material of his clothes wouldn’t be enough to conceal the wet spot. He shook and shook, the sudden, premature end to his release resulted in a heavy pressure just at the base of his cock, his body begging to explode into a massive, roaring flood.

It was Hell to be stopped mid-flow like that, and he scowled at Kakarot. “What the Hell do you WANT?!” He demanded, hopping from foot to foot, trying to calm his screeching bladder down.

“Nothing,” Kakarot said, a crease of concern between his brows. “I was just… You ran off so suddenly, I didn’t know what happened.”

Vegeta’s body started to settle a little, his frantic swaying beginning to slow. He’d let some out. It was better now. He just had to focus on that. The few seconds of relief had taken the edge off of his assaulting need, now it was just a constant throbbing in his tense lower stomach. “N—Nothing happened,” he insisted, and in spite of his protests, his ankles began to cross.

“Vegeta, hey, come out of there,” Kakarot said. “It’s… It’s okay if you can’t hold still, you don’t need to hide.”

“Who says I’m hiding?!”

“Vegeta…” Kakarot sighed. “Come on. Just come back out.”

“I—In a minute!” Vegeta insisted, painstakingly moving his hands away from his crotch and prying his legs apart.

“No, it’s fine,” Kakarot said. “If you need to keep squirming, just—“

“Absolutely not!” Vegeta said. He took several stabilizing breaths, readjusting to how it felt not to have his trembling sphincters reinforced by anything. He had to rely on that tiny ring of muscle alone to assuage the aches in his bladder.

“I’m serious, it’s fine if you—“

“I will NOT make myself an easy target, idiot!” Vegeta growled out.

Kakarot flinched. “You won’t, I promise. Just listen—“

“Of course I will!” Vegeta exclaimed. What was WRONG with this moron today?! He couldn’t even grasp the most obvious things! “If everyone sees me stumbling around and… And… Acting like… Like THAT, what do you THINK they’re gonna do?! They’re gonna realize I’m not in a good condition to fight, they’re gonna take advantage, they’re all gonna try to hit me in my—“

“They won’t!” Kakarot interrupted, grasping Vegeta’s wrists. “Come on, just listen to m—“ He broke off. “Gohan’s being attacked, I can sense it, Tien too… We’d better hurry!”

Vegeta nodded, just glad Kakarot had stopped encouraging him to humiliate himself, and followed after him. Having emptied a little bit of his bladder’s contents, Vegeta didn’t struggle quite so badly with walking anymore, each step was uncomfortable, but they weren’t driving spikes into his bladder, so that was better than before.

They made it to the correct area of the arena, and Tien warned them to get down because someone had been shooting at them from a distance. Vegeta scoffed; “Oh please, you say that like I’m incapable of dodging a single atta—“

Some energy beams headed straight towards him and Kakarot. Vegeta instinctively dropped to the ground in order to escape from it, laying flat on his stomach. To say that his bladder wasn’t happy with him for this decision would be an enormous understatement. It sent him the most horrific, punishing pulses, the pain exploding outwards so that it encompassed his whole lower torso, careening around his back and igniting a horrendous flame in his opening.

The little spurts he’d dribbled out behind the rock felt like nothing now. He hadn’t made his situation better at all. He was still just as full, just as frothing, just as needy and pathetic. He hadn’t even been HIT by that attack, and it had managed to hurt him so tremendously.

“Do you have any idea where that blast came from?” Kakarot asked.

Vegeta grunted hard as he fought down his agony. “I don’t know, but that sniper’s a coward!”

He didn’t protest when Kakarot had to help him back onto his feet, supporting him as they made their way over to some rocks. He didn’t protest when Kakarot had to help him sit down on top of one of them to catch his breath, instead he just leaned forward gratefully against the hard material, pressing himself against it for some much needed— and hopefully not too noticeable— support. He wriggled his hips just slightly, mindful of how Tien was there with them.

Kakarot knelt down. “Vegeta, are you okay?” He whispered.

Vegeta glared. The answer to that question should have been OBVIOUS. He’d just landed on top of his damn bladder, and Kakarot knew how horrendously stuffed the thing was. “Of course I’m not,” he hissed back.

“Just… Let yourself squirm,” Kakarot advised quietly. “Alright? Stop torturing yourself. You don’t have to try to hold still. Tien’s our friend, remember? He’s not gonna make fun of—“

Vegeta’s scowl deepened. “Why are you so intent on embarrassing me today?!” He demanded.

“I’m not!” Kakarot said, his voice growing more firm. “Seriously! I promise, I’d never do that! I’m just trying to—“ He cringed, eyes widening as the sniper started to fire sporadically again, chi blasts hurtling towards where Piccolo and Gohan both were. His eyes scanned their surroundings until he spotted a couple of figures in the distance. “Wait a second, I think it’s two guys. One’s firing energy and the other’s redirecting it.”

“Is that so?” Vegeta asked, eager to be away from Kakarot and his moronic suggestions. “Alright! I’ll take care of the one deflecting first!” He launched himself to his feet, knees almost buckling when it felt like his body was tearing in half, then hurried towards his opponent.

“Just hold on! Vegeta, wait!” Kakarot called after him, rushing to follow. “Stop for one second and listen to me!”

Vegeta picked up his pace, his boots thwacking the floor of the arena, sending the most awful strikes up to his bladder. “Hey, I can bring him down myself!”

“Well, I’m not sitting this out, you’re gonna have to share, Vegeta!”

They reached their opponent, a large, blob-like creature, and they both fired some of their strongest attacks towards it, only for it to reflect their own moves back at them. Vegeta was forced to jump again and, this time, he instinctively tried to tap into his chi so that he could STAY in the air. His bladder didn’t NEED any more impacts today!

But, of course, whatever the Zenos had done to the arena to block out flight techniques was still in effect, so Vegeta was back on the ground in a matter of seconds, the hard stone of his bladder being launched up into his chest. He spluttered, barely able to pay attention as the blob creature spoke to him and Kakarot. The urgent wails from within his body were just so much louder.

He got the gist of it anyway; Launching chi attacks at the blob would result in them being sent right back towards him. He grimaced. He could think of an alternative means of dealing with this thing, but…

It had hurt so much to lift up Botamo earlier…

He needed to go a LOT worse now, too…

He clenched his eyes closed. ‘Work through the pain,’ he silently chanted to himself. ‘Work through the pain. Work through the pain.’

Vegeta forced himself into an absolutely crushing crouch next to a huge rock and shouted; “Alright, that’s it! If I can’t use energy…”

Beside him, Kakarot winced audibly.

“Then I’ll just use brawn!” Vegeta declared. He grunted hard and lifted up the rock, his abdominals all screamed, struggling through the effort and coiling around his full bladder, squeezing it like a ripe orange stuck in a juicer. He hurled the rock at his opponent with a pained yelp that he tried to turn into one of his usual, ferocious shouts.

As soon as the rock was out of his grasp, he was hopping up and down, hoping that the dust wouldn’t settle too soon and take away the small amount of privacy it had granted him. That had been AWFUL! It was like that one lifting exercise Whis liked to make him do!

He stopped jiggling as fast as he could, then forced himself to just REPEAT the same fucking action again and again, each time was more heinous and strenuous than the last. Everything within him was being ripped and torn, and it was all he could do to keep repeating his mantra— which was beginning to sound more like a plea— to himself. ‘Work through the pain. Work through the pain. Work through the pain.’ But how could ANYONE work through a pain that was so excruciating?!

Kakarot had started to copy him, and Vegeta eventually had to stop hurling rocks himself. He had to just let Kakarot handle it. Again. He had to let Kakarot take over, finish what he couldn’t. Again. He tightened his fists. He wanted to punch the nearest solid object he could find, but knew even THAT would upset the tides yet again.

With Tien’s help, they were eventually able to take out both the sniper and the reflector, but Tien was knocked out as well.

“Dammit,” Kakarot frowned.

“We won’t miss him, Kakarot. We don’t even need a team when I can defeat the remaining fighters myself.” Vegeta felt ridiculous saying that when he was trembling all over and had just struggled so much with throwing some rocks, but maybe if he said out loud, he’d force his body to believe it enough to make it into a reality.

“Well, that would be nice!” Kakarot said. “But, how are you gonna do that?”

Kakarot was… He was mocking him. Kakarot was mocking him! What the fuck?! First, all of that ridiculous bullshit about how he ‘should’ just squirm around like a weak, little moron in front of everyone, and now THIS?! What was Kakarot’s problem today?! This went beyond stupidity, it was like Kakarot…

Kakarot really WAS mad at him, wasn’t he? All because he’d skipped training with him ONE time when he had a GOOD fucking reason to do so?! What a childish, idiotic clown! Well, if Kakarot was going to be angry at him for such a worthless reason, Vegeta was going to carry on being angry right back!

“I say all we can do is keep fighting,” Kakarot told him. “Vegeta, while we have a minute, you gotta know—“

Vegeta held out a hand to silence him, and stormed off. They could talk again later, if they lived, and if Kakarot decided to stop holding this nonsensical grudge!

***

Vegeta stood at the top of a rock formation. Another out-of-the-way spot he’d managed to find, where he could let himself squirm and clutch while he tried to wade through the worst spasms his bladder had to offer him. He’d even tried ‘using’ the rock a couple of times, to no avail. His chest was clenching and icy cold, and it wasn’t just because of all the energy signals and people around him, or his need to go.

He should have still been angry at Kakarot, but instead he just felt… Something else. The frigid sensation inside of him came with a tearing one. Had declining to spend time with Kakarot really been that big of a deal? Had he hurt Kakarot, so now Kakarot wanted to hurt him right back?

No matter how many times he went over it, that was the only explanation he could come up with to explain Kakarot’s weird behavior today. Yet, at the same time, the explanation didn’t make ANY sense when he lined it up with everything else he KNEW about Kakarot.

Kakarot cared for everyone. Kakarot had forgiven Vegeta for every awful thing he’d ever done, which were SO much worse than blowing him off for a day. Kakarot had even tried to forgive Frieza— Fucking FRIEZA! He didn’t hold grudges over SERIOUS things, so why would he do it over THIS?

But, Vegeta couldn’t think of anything else it COULD have been.

Maybe Kakarot WAS mad at him, but it was for something else? What could it be?

As he pondered that and squirmed away, Vegeta started to raise his chi as little as he could to both avoid attracting attention while still being able to get rid of any evidence that he’d let go of his bladder. Once he felt like he was at the appropriate level, he pushed and pushed, and almost moaned when he felt the tingle of a dribble slowly eking its way out of him. Finally, finally… Please, please keep going… Please, let him get empty… Please…

The force of his release picked up, and he was just about to let the relieved breath from his lungs when he noticed an energy blast flying towards him. He quickly moved to deflect it away, but instantly became enraged because the sudden tensing of his body cut off his flow before it could even truly get started. He turned, furious, searching for who had attacked him.

His eyes landed on Frost— Frieza’s double from Cabba’s universe. And he had a smirk that matched Frieza’s own perfectly.

That rotten son of a bitch! Great! So now, not only had the REAL Frieza stopped Vegeta from urinating at home, his worthless clone had to go and do the same exact thing here! Filled with a scorching hot flood of rage, Vegeta ran off to attack Frost, ignoring the brutal shooting stabs that erupted as a result of his own speed. He drove his fist right into Frost’s face, so hard and with so much viciousness and hatred that the creature was throttled into a wall of rock.

Kakarot’s perverted old friend Roshi, whom Frost must have been attacking before, started to speak up. “Tha—“

“Don’t get the wrong idea,” Vegeta huffed. “I came to crush that repulsive bastard, not to save YOU.” He approached Frost, scowling and simultaneously shaking with desperation. He hoped his unrestrained twitches didn’t end up diminishing his menacing aura.

“It’s been far too long, Vegeta,” Frost said.

“And too long into this tournament for you to still be in the ring,” Vegeta growled. It was bad enough that he had to share this space with ONE Frieza. Being near TWO of them was an unforgivable act of torture!

“I’m not the same as when we fought last,” Frost said. “It would behoove you to realize that.”

“Please, even if you’ve gotten stronger, you’re still no match for me,” Vegeta said. His fists clenched and his knees squeezed together, but he thought he could knock THIS bastard out no matter HOW horrendously desperate he was.

“Oh no, you’ve misunderstood completely. I mean that I’ve gotten weaker,” Frost explained. “As a result of my misdeeds in my universe being revealed, I’ve become a fugitive criminal. And all that running has sapped my vigor.” Frost stood up and stumbled around as though he were intoxicated. “I mean, just look at me. I can barely stand on my feet. One more of your mighty punches before I’ve recovered could kill me.”

“Stop trying to buy time, coward.”

Frost laughed “Was it that obvious? I must confess, ever since you humiliated me in battle, I’ve been thinking of the best way to defeat you.”

Vegeta then heard Magetta’s voice and flinched. That sound would probably ALWAYS get that kind of reaction out of him; Torture would do that to a Saiyan.

Magetta burst through the rock behind Frost

“You’re really back for more?! Give me a break!” Vegeta powered up to Super Saiyan and, yet again, found himself exchanging blows with the steel-hard creature. Every punch and kick was accompanied by vibrations tearing through his core. Once more, he feared that his attacks were just damaging himself so much more than his opponent. He tried insulting Magetta again, only to realize he’d shoved something into his ears to block out the sound of Vegeta’s voice.

Dammit, so much for an easy victory!

With his chi charged up as high as it was, Vegeta knew that he was free to release unnoticed. His body was less cooperative. He managed to spill a few times, but the leaks were nowhere near long or intense enough to bring him much relief. Then, Frost jumped back into the fight, and Vegeta started to struggle more. He was forced to leap and dodge around SO much, and he swore he would never, EVER take his ability to fly during battles for granted again. The crushing impacts each of his landings brought were actually causing his eyes to water now, his entire middle felt like it was falling apart piece by piece, ribbons of his flesh being torn away slowly to leave him raw and over-stimulated.

He noticed Roshi preparing an attack of his own and frowned. “Old man, don’t!” He yelled. “I’ve got this, I don’t need your help!”

Roshi didn’t listen, and the next thing Vegeta knew, he was trapped inside a black void. What the fuck was THIS?! Had he gotten hit on the head, or…. No, this didn’t feel like he was unconscious. He was still alert, still aware— Still VERY aware of the gnarled bump of liquid screaming between his hip-bones.

It took him a moment, but once he heard voices from outside the void, he figured it out. This was that same move they had intended to use on the Zamasus, the one that was supposed to entrap someone inside of a vessel permanently. There had to be SOME way to get out, right? He was still alive, he had to be, he still FELT everything…

Did this mean he was going to be stuck holding it forever in this place?

No, no, of course not. One way or another he’d burst eventually. And, he WAS alone here. This was the first time he’d actually had privacy in a while. If he HAD to be stuck in here, he may as well take advantage of it. He reached for his zipper and—

His… Hand fazed straight through his body.

Just like it had done when he’d fought his clone.

Something about Roshi’s technique must have ALSO changed the properties of Vegeta’s body. Oh, come on! First bit of solitude he’d gotten all day, and he couldn’t even DO anything with it?! That was bullshit! That wasn’t fair at all! What the fuck?! He huffed angrily through his nose, sparking and feeling himself transform into Blue— Oh, so he COULD still do that, huh? He could tap into his full power, but he couldn’t grab his zipper and pull it down! THAT was just TOO much to ask for!

Whatever! Fine! He’d use the damn ‘technique’ in here, then!

He shut his eyes, breathed deeply, and pushed.

Ahhhhh…. Oh, finally… Finally… He mentally THANKED Roshi for accidentally doing this to him, for granting him his long-awaited privacy. He was going, he was actually going. Sweet, sweet relief… He felt his bladder actually start to deflate after a few seconds, he was going to get himself nice and comfortable again, he was going to be empt—

In a flash, he was back OUT of the void, surrounded by energy, surrounded by people, and his release clamped itself off before he’d even fully PROCESSED all of that! His urethra scorched, his sphincters pulsing, his bladder wailing. He knew what relief felt like now! He wanted it back! He wanted to finish!

He… WAS a little glad now that he hadn’t been successful in unzipping his clothes and pulling out his member. At least he hadn’t flashed everyone.

He looked down, seeing the bottle he’d been trapped in was now destroyed. He looked around, spotting Frost and Magetta. They’d probably destroyed it. Frost had interrupted his stream TWICE now, and this second time had been the most tortuous of all!

“DAMN YOU!” Vegeta screamed.

Fueled by unyielding rage, Vegeta managed to defeat Magetta. But, that slimy bastard Frost got away. It was just as well, with as pissed and out of control as Vegeta felt, he might have ended up accidentally breaking the ‘no-killing’ rule if he’d managed to get his hands on him.

***

Vegeta had concealed himself once again, squirming, writhing, wriggling and clutching, trying to recall how GOOD it had felt to let go while he’d been stuck in the bottle, wishing he could have remained there for just a few more minutes.

He was still trying to figure out why Kakarot was angry with him when he heard the other Saiyan shouting from somewhere else in the arena, he was requesting energy for another spirit-bomb, so whoever he was fighting must have been abnormally tough, even amongst these fighters.

Vegeta bit down on his lip and refused to offer any of his chi. If Kakarot wanted his energy, he had to explain what his PROBLEM was first.

Besides, Vegeta couldn’t really move his hands off of his crotch and lift them up right now, anyway.

He was frustrated with Kakarot, but not SO frustrated that he couldn’t be bothered to knock another opponent away when he noticed her trying to attack Kakarot from behind. He didn’t even curse Kakarot for the flaring this action sent surging through his abdomen. His new location gave him a better vantage point to watch Kakarot fight. He was battling the light-purple guy from earlier, the one that had knocked Kale unconscious.

He watched Kakarot charge up the spirit-bomb, his middle thrumming as it brought back memories of the LAST time he’d seen it used, and Buu’s fist clobbering the life out of his bladder. Kakarot fired it off, and the purple guy… Deflected it, sending it back towards Kakarot. Kakarot charged himself up again and again, trying to force it onto his opponent, but the other fighter held firm, until the huge ball of energy had swallowed Kakarot up completely.

An enormous explosion erupted from that area of the arena; one that knocked Vegeta down to the ground and drove the worst pangs through his bladder that he had felt all day. But, that wasn’t important at all anymore. No, what was important was what Vegeta DIDN’T feel.

He didn’t feel Kakarot.

The soothing, huge chi was gone. Vanished. Nowhere to be found. His body kept searching for it, desperately trying to latch on, to grip it firmly and never let go. But, it wasn’t there.

There had only ever been two reasons for Vegeta not to feel Kakarot’s energy. Either Kakarot was just too far away, visiting another planet. Or Kakarot was… Kakarot was…

His Kakarot was dead.

The backs of Vegeta’s eyes burned, the corners stung. Kakarot had not survived being hit with his own Spirit-Bomb. He was GLAD now that he hadn’t contributed any energy towards it, that he hadn’t played a role in this. He dimly heard people talking in the stands, the announcer concluding that since Kakarot’s opponent had not created the attack himself, he would not be disqualified for Kakarot’s death.

That meant Vegeta had to KILL him. Vegeta didn’t care if HE got disqualified afterwards. He didn’t care if, with him out of the tournament, his universe LOST. He didn’t care about ANYTHING. His chi sparked around him, his hair flickered, his breath hitched.

What made the tears start to fall was the realization that Kakarot had died mad at him, and he had never even learned why. Their final exchange had been angry.

‘You can use the Namekian Dragon Balls if we survive,’ Vegeta reminded himself in a panic. ‘You can bring him back. You just have to win this, and you can fix everything. You just have to—‘

The ground started to shake harder than ever before, reminding Vegeta of his bladder and prompting him to cross his legs— Who cared who saw anymore?! Nothing mattered, except for winning this and bringing Kakarot back! Maybe an opponent would punch the piss out of him now or something!

He sensed a huge power, it was a new one, but familiar at the same time.

A huge pillar of light formed, and there was Kakarot.

Vegeta finally regained the ability to breathe— Which he hadn’t even noticed he’d lost until that moment. Kakarot was alive. His energy was thicker and calmer than ever, in spite of its intensity. Vegeta wanted to go to him, to latch onto him, regardless of the witnesses. He cursed softly under his breath, disgusted by his own thoughts, he couldn’t REALLY want that, could he?

He’d… He’d protest less the next time Kakarot hugged him, anyway.

He then finally registered that something weird had happened with Kakarot’s body. His hair had turned silver, he was practically sparkling. Vegeta had never SEEN that form before— Had Kakarot been hiding it from him?! Dammit, was THAT another punishment for whatever Vegeta had done to tick him off?!

Vegeta watched Kakarot resume his fight against the purple man, and other opponents that tried to leap in. Kakarot’s body was moving strangely, so fast that even Vegeta couldn’t keep up, it was like he was moving before he’d even made the decision to, like his body was doing everything automatically, it didn’t need any input from his mind. How had he achieved this?! How did VEGETA achieve this?! Why was Kakarot always two steps ahead of him?!

Kakarot’s new power— whatever it was— suddenly flickered and died off. His opponent immediately blasted him away, leaving him weak and exhausted in a huge crater made in the arena before walking away.

Vegeta sprinted off without thinking. Ouch—Ouch— Ah! His back hurt— It was starting to sear, starting to explode… He shoved his hands against his crotch to stem the burning sloshes of need that provoked his opening with each heavy, awkward step. His knees kept trying to cross or rub together as he ran, making his gait clumsy and odd-looking. He barely registered these things, he was only focused on Kakarot. He reached the edge of the crater, dancing in place and tightening his hold on his member as he shouted down into it; “Kakarot, are you alright?”

Kakarot glanced up towards him, bleary-eyed. “Heh, yeah, buddy. Sounds like you’re real worried, huh?”

“Ugh, shut up!” Vegeta gritted. “I’m going down there!”

As he descended into the crater, the light scratching in his lower back turned into clawing, and then into stabbing. The imaginary spikes that gouged into his kidneys were so sharp and dug in so deeply, that he thought he should have been bleeding all over himself. He let out a strangled yelp, his hold on his crotch tightening even more as he folded almost entirely in half. He was going to die— He was going to doom everyone he knew! He couldn’t go on like this! He was useless like this! He would certainly never achieve that new power-up for himself, because their universe would be erased before he had the chance, all because he couldn’t fight thanks to his unfathomably awful need to—

What—

What in the—

As he stumbled over to Kakarot, Vegeta… Suddenly didn’t have to pee anymore. He looked down at himself, momentarily panicked because his chi wasn’t flaring and an accident would be visible, but there was… Nothing there. He wasn’t wetting himself. He didn’t feel a warm stream spilling its way down his legs. He didn’t feel his crotch growing clammy. He didn’t even feel a SLOW decrease of the pressure in his bladder, which was the weirdest part of all.

One second, he’d been absolutely dying to go. The next… Nothing. Absolutely nothing. His bladder was bone-dry. Not a drop to be found within it. Once the rest of him caught up to that, he moved his hands out from between his legs ands straightened out, a sigh falling from his lips. That was… Better. Confusing as Hell, but a whole lot better. The relief was different from any he’d experienced in the past, and he still couldn’t totally adjust to how it felt to just… Randomly not have to go out of nowhere.

He knelt down beside Kakarot and surreptitiously checked him over. He noticed Kakarot was doing the same to HIM, a tired smile emerging on his face once he’d scanned the entirety of Vegeta’s body.

What? Did… Did Kakarot’s new power get Vegeta emptied? Somehow? Was THAT a thing he could just DO now? What a strange feature for that form to have… Not that Vegeta MINDED…

Once he was certain none of Kakarot’s injuries were life-threatening, Vegeta stood back up. Damn, it felt good to do that without pain. “What was all that?” He demanded. “You will tell me everything now!”

Kakarot quivered, exhausted and sore. “Looks like I used up all my power. That’s too bad.”

“Answer me!”

“Truth is, I’m not even sure myself.”

Vegeta groaned. “Ugh, of course you’re not.”

Kakarot laughed gently. “Heh… Hey, Vegeta, are you—“

“We’ll talk later.”

***

Vegeta had a MUCH easier time fighting after that. He was able to focus himself ENTIRELY on the battles. His speed improved dramatically, he was able to throw punches and kicks without inadvertently harming his own body, he didn’t need to take any more ‘breaks’ to go hide and squirm. The only real distraction was that he just could not figure out what the fuck had happened to him.

At first, he was worried that he’d just— somehow— managed to numb out the feelings associated with needing to relieve himself, and that the spasms would return with a vengeance at any moment. But, when he continually looked down at himself to confirm, he saw that his stomach had gone flat again, there was no unnatural bump there anymore, nothing straining to break free from him.

But… Why?!

It couldn’t have just spontaneously vanished like that…

Vegeta was still puzzling over it when he encountered Cabba again, the other Saiyan embarrassing him by commenting on how he looked ‘way more comfortable now.’ That was true, but Cabba didn’t need to mention it like that!

Nevertheless, Vegeta’s confidence had returned to him. He could handle this tournament far, far easier now that his body wasn’t attempting to detonate itself from the inside. He thought that, maybe, he would even be able to achieve Kakarot’s new form for himself. ‘I just need to empty my consciousness, and then my body should dodge on its own,’ he thought, giving it a try.

‘Clear your mind, Vegeta.’

…

…

…

‘But, if my piss isn’t in me anymore, where did it go? Did I make a humiliating mess somewhere without knowing? Who DOES know? I’ll kill them!’

Vegeta was then punched hard in the face by one of his opponents and thrown into a rock wall. He hadn’t dodged automatically like Kakarot.

Eventually, Vegeta attempted to fight the purple guy, who he’d learned was named Jiren, himself. Kakarot actually showed some CONCERN for him while this was going on, even crying out his name when he was left injured badly enough that he was sprawled on the ground, gasping for breath. It, again, made him pause and wonder if Kakarot was actually angry with him or not. Or, maybe, Kakarot’s near-death experience had made him see the grudge as silly?

Either way, Kakarot was beside him, helping him back up. Vegeta nearly leaned into the touch when he felt Kakarot holding his arm, so exhausted that he wanted to let himself sink into Kakarot’s soothing energy. He managed to snap himself out of that and jerk his arm away before anyone could notice.

He dragged himself to another rock and sat against it to watch Kakarot fight. He cradled his left arm. The knot had returned, and it felt like it had brought friends. The knot had gotten MORE knots tied into it, and those knots also had their own knots. All the way down into Vegeta’s bone marrow, his arm radiated nothing but tension, aches and pain.

They needed to survive this so that Kakarot could get his hands DEEP into Vegeta’s shoulder. Oh, that would feel wonderful… He started to almost fantasize about it, the kneading, the palpitations, the unfurling of his twisted, taut muscles. He was trying to rub some of the hurt away himself, but he wasn’t having any effect. He could barely even REACH the right spot, his other arm just wouldn’t bend that way. Getting the correct motion and amount of pressure was impossible.

The sooner this was over, the sooner Kakarot could fix his shoulder. He forced himself back up, he would have to… Ugh… Help Kakarot. He couldn’t let that idiot have all the glory, and this would hopefully go faster if they both put in some effort.

Surprisingly, fighting alongside Kakarot wasn’t as nauseating as he’d imagined it being. Quite the contrary. It felt bizarrely good. He felt their energies joining and coiling together when they combined their attacks, it was VERY similar to how he felt when Kakarot held him. That was weird.

He and Trunks combined their moves sometimes when they trained together, yet it had never felt like their chis were mixing like this. Was it because Kakarot’s power was so much higher than Trunks’s? Or was it something to do with its calm and tranquil qualities? Whatever it was, Vegeta didn’t completely mind this. It was… Fine. It was a way for him to feel this strange, ‘connected’ sensation without having to get all ‘cuddly’ with Kakarot in front of people.

Vegeta was not able to fulfill his goal of being the last one standing. He took out Jiren’s one remaining opponent, by using the same explosion move he had used against Buu. However, this time he did not blow up himself up completely and actually managed to survive it. He must have gotten strong enough to endure explosions in his body without completely falling apart at some point, he wasn’t sure when that had happened.

Nevertheless, after that he was REALLY drained. He tried his best to keep fighting, ignoring Kakarot’s protests and shouts. Even together, their attacks barely fazed Jiren, and when Vegeta made an attempt to go against him on his own, he realized that he was completely out of energy. He couldn’t even transform anymore, and his whole body was aching and screaming for rest. He refused to give it any. His family at home were counting on him too much, he couldn’t let them down. Every hit from Jiren was brutal in its devastation, making Vegeta feel like all of his bones were bing broken.

Kakarot kept yelling at him to stop, and Vegeta could not BELIEVE his nerve. Didn’t the idiot realize he was doing this partially FOR him? To keep HIM from being killed along with everyone else? Did he have to spell it out for Kakarot that, regardless of how irritating and unhelpful he had been today, the LAST thing Vegeta wanted was for him to die?! He’d TOLD the idiot how strangely sick he’d gotten the LAST time.

That was one of the memories that helped Vegeta drag out some of his remaining dregs of energy and put forward a huge blast of power towards Jiren.

A blast that did absolutely nothing.

In his final moments within the ring, he managed to send every scrap of chi he had left to Kakarot. That was the last thing he remembered before he lost consciousness.

When he woke up, he found himself in the stands alongside the other members of his team, the taste of a senzu bean in his mouth. He was momentarily stunned that he was even still alive, much less awake and able to keep his head up.

“That was some impressive fighting, Vegeta,” Beerus said.

“Yes,” Whis agreed. “I’m glad you made it out in one piece.”

Vegeta scowled. If he hadn’t used up all his energy so quickly, he could have done MORE than just survive; He could have won!

“By the way, Vegeta,” Whis continued. “How are you feeling right now?”

Huh? What kind of question was THAT? The knot in his shoulder was so bad that he almost wanted to just amputate his own arm and be done with it, but the senzu bean had taken care of the rest of his injuries. “I’ve been worse,” he muttered, confused.

Whis kept his gaze on Vegeta for another few seconds before nodding.

What was THAT about?

Vegeta tried, instead, to concentrate on Kakarot’s fight. There were only two minutes left in the tournament by that point, but they proved to be the longest two minutes of Vegeta’s life. Kakarot reached that new form of his again, which helped settle Vegeta’s shot-to-Hell nerves a little bit, but when it became clear that the transformation was actually a little more than Kakarot’s body could handle, Vegeta was clenching his fists and wishing he could jump back into the ring without the Zenos erasing him as punishment.

That desire strengthened when Kakarot ultimately had to team up with Android Seventeen and Frieza— Fucking FRIEZA— to finally defeat Jiren. Seeing that smarmy bastard getting so damned close to Kakarot, thinking he had the right to SPEAK to him— Vegeta’s blood boiled and his stomach churned. How could Kakarot be so cordial with that despicable creature?!

They ultimately won, but Vegeta thought he ought to be compensated in some way for having to look at Frieza’s stupid face for an extended period of time like that.

Seventeen was the one who got to use the Super Dragon Balls, and he wished to bring all of the erased universes back. Vegeta silently cursed himself for how relieved he was to sense Cabba’s chi once more. He didn’t care about that little twig…

As Vegeta’s group converged, two things happened in rapid succession to piss him off. First, Whis used his magic to restore Frieza’s life. And then, just when Vegeta was about to start complaining about it, Kakarot took him to the side and whispered to him; “Hey, did my plan work out alright?”

“Which plan?!” Vegeta hissed. “The one where you bring Frieza back to life?! Because, NO. It did NOT work out alright. Frieza is alive!”

“Not that one, I was trying to explain it earli—“

“Are we ready to depart?” Whis called, making Kakarot groan.

“I’ll tell you when we’re back home,” Kakarot decided.

Whis’s teleportation only took a minute, but that was still long enough for Vegeta to feel the stress. The ‘Let’s let Frieza live again’ thing was the worst idea Kakarot had ever had. Learning he’d apparently enacted a SECOND plan today did not sit well with Vegeta. What was it? Was he going to force Vegeta and Frieza to ‘go do something fun’ together until they ‘learned to get along’?!

They re-appeared at Capsule Corp. Vegeta didn’t think he’d ever been more happy to be back home in his life. Bulma ran out to greet them immediately, and he didn’t even yell THAT much when she hugged him in front of everyone. “Woman! Cut it out! People are staring!”

Bulma just giggled at him, as if he were the one being silly!

“Hey, Bulma,” Kakarot said. “We’ll tell you about the tournament in a minute, I’ve gotta talk to Vegeta about something real fast.”

Bulma sighed. “Of course you do… Go ahead.”

Moments later, Vegeta was in his bedroom. He’d been concerned that he’d never see this peaceful place again… “Alright, what do you want? What other horrible ‘plan’ have you concocted?”

“It wasn’t horrible, I don’t think,” Kakarot said. “Like I said, I just wanna check that it worked. I mean, looking at you now I’m pretty sure it DID, but I gotta make sure just in case we ever need to use it again.”

“Use WHAT again?” Vegeta demanded. “Did you already do something to me?”

“I think so,” Kakarot said. “Remember how I kept trying to convince you to squirm earlier?”

Vegeta folded his arms. “Of course I do. When you TRY to humiliate me, I’m not going to forget it easily. What was your problem anyway? Were you honestly THAT pissed at me for not training with you?”

“Huh? No, I wasn’t mad at you at all,” Kakarot said.

Vegeta wasn’t too stunned to hear that. The fool apparently held no grudge against Frieza, after all. He just hadn’t been able to think of any other explanation. “Then why? Why would you encourage me to embarrass myself, display weakness in front of our opponents, instead of… I don’t know, coming up with some way to deal with… ‘it’, like you always do?”

“That WAS what I was doing,” Kakarot said. “I was trying to explain it to you all day, but we kept being interrupted! I guess a battlefield isn’t a good place for a private conversation, huh? Wish I’d figured that out earlier.”

Vegeta sighed. “Kakarot…”

“Okay, it’s like this; I was worried about what would happen if something went wrong and you had to go during the tournament, I didn’t know what we’d do about that. But, then I saw how Whis took Bulla outta Bulma’s tummy, and everything just clicked!”

“Wh—What just clicked?!” Vegeta spluttered, though he figured that he already knew. He just… Had to hear it from Kakarot’s mouth. Seriously?! He’d… Asked Whis to… To…

“I asked Whis if he could take OTHER stuff outta people with that same spell,” Kakarot said. “And he said yes, but only if it’s something that’s actually SUPPOSED to come out. So, like, he can’t just go pulling out your guts, or whatever. And, I thought ‘Perfect!’ So, I told him to keep an eye on you at the tournament, just in case, and if it started to look like you had to go really bad, he should take care of it.”

Vegeta’s face felt clammy and warm. “S—Seriously?! You told him t—to… Observe me through that whole thing, j—just for signs that I… That I…”

“Yeah,” Kakarot nodded. “That’s why I kept telling you that it was fine to squirm! Whis wouldn’t know to help if he couldn’t tell you had to go. He would have fixed it way earlier if you hadn’t done all that hiding. I was trying to explain it, but stuff kept getting in the way, or you just wouldn’t listen!”

“Because… Because it sounded ridiculous!” Vegeta said. “‘Hey, Vegeta, come on out and show everyone here, who’s trying like Hell to defeat you, exactly where your weak spot is! I promise nothing will go wrong and you definitely won’t get seventy fists in your bladder!’”

“Well, if you and everything else had just let me FINISH…” Kakarot pointed out. “But, I guess it DID work out? You seemed a lot… Uh… A lot more focused during the second half.”

“… Yes, I suppose it must have worked,” Vegeta said. “I suddenly didn’t need… Well, I randomly found myself feeling much more ‘comfortable’, with no idea why.”

“Yep, Whis must have gotten it all out of you,” Kakarot smiled, shoulders lowering. “Phew, I wasn’t totally sure if that would work.”

Vegeta felt himself calming down as well. His family was safe. Kakarot was safe. He hadn’t doomed the cosmos by needing to piss. Everything was—

“H—Hang on, when Whis got Bulla out, she didn’t just disappear!” Vegeta said. “She was in Bulma’s arms. So then, where… Where exactly… Uh—“

“Don’t worry, I thought of that too,” Kakarot said. “I told Whis how you’d be crazily embarrassed if your… ‘stuff’ ended up where someone saw it. So, he promised he’d just send it to the nearest body of water. See? No one knows but us. And Whis, I guess.”

“Well, I suppose that’s… Not terrible,” Vegeta said. “He SHOULD have put it all into Frieza’s bladder, though. See how HE likes it.”

“Hey, we needed Frieza to be able to fight, too!” Kakarot pointed out. “You’re not upset with me for doing that, are you? I know I should have asked first.”

“… No,” Vegeta answered after a moment. “Try as I might, I can’t think of any alternative solutions you could have used there. And… Uh…”

“There’s no way you could have made it through all that if ya didn’t go?”

“… That, yes.”

Kakarot put his arms around Vegeta, whom began to half-heartedly struggle.

“HEY! COME ON! I SAID YOU ONLY GET TO HUG ME WHEN YOU EARN IT!”

“You don’t think I earned it?”

“… I’ll let you have ten more seconds.”

Goku slowly counted to ten in his head as Vegeta started to lean into him, burying his face in his chest. Once he reached ten, he started to ease his arms away.

“Who the FUCK told you that you could let go?” Vegeta growled.

Goku laughed.

“Shut up.”

*010*2025-03-31 18:16

Minor changes to one of the canon scenes here, since they've already formed Gogeta a few times in this fic.

***

Vegeta hoped that he would not have to use Whis’s ‘trick’ ever again. He granted that it had been necessary at the tournament, but in any other situation, he would feel like he was ‘giving up’ if he were to rely on that. It was the same reason he had decided he WOULDN’T want to use the Super Dragon Balls to cure himself, even if he had the opportunity. This was his nemesis, and he wanted to destroy it by his own means, not with magic.

Whis’s solution had also reminded him of the day he’d needed to be catheterized. It was definitely a less invasive way of doing it, but it was the same, general idea. An outside force had made his bladder drain itself in an instant, completely bypassing his uncooperative muscles.

He granted that it HAD helped a great deal, but that didn’t assuage his embarrassment. He had no idea what he was going to say the next time he saw Whis. He’d probably just go on pretending that he didn’t know why he’d suddenly found himself so relieved in the middle of the tournament.

In the meantime, he was continuing to ‘try’, still using the two tools available to him— Shutting his eyes and listening to loud music. He had yet to have any success, but he WAS noticing a slow shift that he thought was somewhat promising. When Bulma or Kakarot encouraged him to attempt using a public restroom and he started to head towards one, his heart didn’t thrum nearly as erratically anymore. He didn’t feel a huge swath of panic and shame when he reached the door like he used to. He didn’t need to stand beside it for several seconds as he prepared himself.

His anxiety wouldn’t start to rise until after he had entered, how strong it was depended on several factors. The amount of people already in the room, how intense the smell of human urine was, the distance between the door and the furthest stall, and whether or not the stall contained a window.

WHY did some of them have windows?! The first time he entered a stall and discovered one, he felt like blowing up the whole place. Yes, the windows would always be tinted in some way so that nobody could see in or out, but that only made it MORE baffling as to why it was even there to begin with. And, even if the window wasn’t see-through, it could still be broken. THEN someone could look right in!

Vegeta’s chi could end up spiking really high all of the sudden, shattering the window just as a group of people were walking by, and all of them would see him struggling with the simple task of taking a piss.

…

…

It could definitely happen!

Naturally, Vegeta would stay at his calmest if he found the restroom was devoid of other people, the smell wasn’t too bad, there was a lot of space between the door and the furthest stall, and there were NO stupid windows. This was the ‘ideal’ situation, the one that kept his breathing even and steady, but it was STILL not enough to get him calm enough to actually go. His anxiety would still be there, just duller and more muted than it would be if anything else was there to really trigger it.

A big reason for that was, no matter what, Vegeta could not turn off his nose or his chi sense. Unfamiliar— not to mention unpleasant— smells put him on edge, and constantly feeling random chi signals made it a thousand times worse. He’d tense up instead of loosening, and after several minutes of struggling, he would return to either Bulma or Kakarot and ask for his capsule or to be brought home.

The closest he’d come to success was one occasion when Kakarot said that he needed to pee as well, and Vegeta didn’t object to having him come with him. He could focus on Kakarot’s chi, so much larger and stronger than any others, and the soothing effect it had on him. The stench was still bothering him, and the knowledge that another person could enter the room at any time because Kakarot was busy relieving himself instead of pinning the door closed, but Vegeta WAS a lot calmer than usual.

So calm, in fact, that he dribbled a few drops out into the toilet. He pushed, eager for more, but just as he was able to build it up into a slow stream, he sensed more people entering the room, and was able to hear their footsteps and the door opening and shutting even over the music blaring in his ears. Everything stopped instantly, his opening burning as his tap abruptly shut off. His middle wailed, protesting the loss of relief when he was JUST starting to feel better.

After he took Vegeta back home (where he WAS able to actually finish), Kakarot praised him; “You did it! You got some out while we were in there!”

Vegeta grumbled in response. He didn’t think it mattered. Sure, that was the first time he’d gotten even a drop out in a public restroom (apart from the time Kakarot had been holding the door shut, meaning the restroom hadn’t REALLY been ‘public’ anymore), but it didn’t count for anything. He’d still failed, he’d still needed to be brought home, and he’d felt the awful sting of being cut off mid-flow. Kakarot had no reason to be so proud of him. “I went for half a second.”

“I know!” Kakarot nodded, still grinning. “Bet you never thought that’d happen, did you?!”

“Well… No,” Vegeta admitted. “But, that’s not the point. I still couldn’t—“

“You COULD,” Kakarot corrected. “For just a second, you COULD. And, that means you’re gonna be able to do it for LONGER than a second someday.”

“HALF a second…” Vegeta emphasized.

“And that’s really good,” Kakarot said. “It wasn’t THAT long ago that you were fighting just to get through the door. And now, just look how much stronger you are.”

It wasn’t until later that night that Vegeta started to think Kakarot actually had a point. This was… This was just a form of training. His Problem had STARTED as what he’d CONVINCED himself was ‘endurance training’, incapable of realizing that he was just feeding a monster that had formed inside of his brain until he’d let it grow into something enormous, all-consuming and so, SO powerful.

Maybe he could destroy it by partaking in some ACTUAL ‘endurance training’. Enduring the feelings the monster inflicted on him, ignoring its shouts to just avoid challenging situations and jump straight to the easy solutions without trying. The more he endured, the weaker it would get. Like today, when he’d actually peed in public just a tiny bit.

Beyond that, he was keeping his promise to himself about being around for Bulla’s early life more than he was for Trunks’s. He still got jittery any time he held her, she just felt so fragile! He couldn’t help the nerves. He kept expecting her to look terrified or hurt, but she never did. She actually SMILED at him when he picked her up sometimes, and it made him want to destroy anything that even THOUGHT about harming her.

She had a weird effect on him. When she cried, his chi rose up. Sometimes it even made him just transform into a Super Saiyan without meaning to, it was honestly a little embarrassing once other people began to catch on to what was happening. Bulma teased him; “Aw, such a protective father,” she cooed. “I’d really hate to be the first person to break her heart when she gets older.”

“I’m not!” Vegeta snapped. “I’m… I’m… I’m just— I keep transforming because Frieza’s alive again, and I get so pissed every time I remember, that it just happens.”

“I see,” Bulma said. “So, the fact that it only happens when Bulla cries is just a coincidence, then.”

“… Yes.”

“Alright, whatever you say, Vegeta.”

He may have just shifted the blame to Frieza for THAT, but Vegeta’s current predicament really WAS all Frieza’s fault.

Frieza had stolen the six dragon balls Bulma had collected and, regardless of what he intended to wish for, Vegeta just knew it would have to be something with disastrous consequences. Bulma’s radar showed that the seventh and final ball was located somewhere on the Ice Continent, and just hearing that had already put Vegeta into an even worse mood. Oh, great. A long ride in one of Bulma’s vehicles towards a freezing cold location where he might have to look at Frieza’s revolting smile again. Just what he’d always wanted.

To make matters worse, he forgot to use the restroom before leaving. It was the anger that must have done it, and he refused to take full responsibility for the mistake. Bulma, Whis and Kakarot all came with him. Any one of THEM could have reminded him to empty his bladder before they’d left, but they hadn’t. So, really, it was more THEIR fault than his.

That was how he’d ended up here, shuddering in a coat that was nowhere thick enough, the only thing about him that felt warm was the throbbing, fiery tension inside of his bladder. His knees rubbed together before crossing, and the uncontrollable way his body shook in response to the cold made the liquid sear so much more, his abdominals contracting involuntarily each time the wind picked up and locking his bladder into a vice.

Nope.

He was not putting up with this.

The frigid temperature was more than enough torment for one afternoon, he was not going to tolerate an aching bladder on top of that. Bulma was here, she would have his capsule. She would have to give it to him as soon as he asked; She couldn’t possibly require him to go through the whole process of ‘trying’ out here, right? There was nowhere TO try, aside from the barren, snow-coated wasteland. She understood that he at least needed something solid to duck behind. She understood he would rather die than pull his most sensitive body part out in this environment, exposing it to the icy temperatures.

Unfortunately, as he turned to Bulma and started to speak, he was interrupted by Kakarot spotting a couple of Frieza’s soldiers, trying to take off in a vessel of their own. Vegeta groaned and quickly shot the thing down with a blast of chi. He was obligated to follow after Kakarot then, just to make sure they gave up the dragon ball they’d found. Vegeta grunted as he ran, struggling to keep up with the other Saiyan.

Each step sent a hard thwack of need to the shuddering sides of his bladder, and the long coat made it even harder to move properly. He was glad that he wouldn’t have to fight anyone out here, he and Kakarot could easily scare Frieza’s henchmen into compliance. If Vegeta was forced into battle, he’d have to remove the jacket, and then he’d probably become frozen stiff within a matter of seconds.

Vegeta already felt like his blood was turning solid, and his teeth were chattering so much he could barely speak, which meant he had to let Kakarot threaten the soldiers once they’d caught up to them. He was more than a little stunned when Kakarot actually managed to frighten them, jumping onto their ship and shouting at them. He realized he’d gotten so used to silly, annoying, goof-ball Kakarot that he’d forgotten how intimidating he could be when it was necessary.

Vegeta stood off to the side and watched Kakarot. He shifted in place, annoyed by how hard it was to bounce his heels in the snow. It was too soft, jiggling up and down didn’t have the impact on his bladder that he wanted it to. His urge for relief was rapidly increasing, the cold air nipping at him and making parts of his body go numb— To the point he couldn’t actually tell if his thighs were clenching like he wanted them to or not. It didn’t feel like they were, the pressure in his tip worsening by the second and irritated volts of need trailing up and down his length. ‘Come on, hurry up, Kakarot…’

As soon as he’d thought that, Vegeta sensed the last thing he EVER wanted to feel; Frieza’s energy. He turned, seeing Frieza emerge from one of his own ships. His middle cramped, and he pressed his knees together beneath his coat. That stupid smirk…

Past Frieza, Vegeta could see a couple other figures. To his surprise, they appeared to be Saiyans. And they didn’t have the lanky limbs that all of Universe Six’s Saiyans seemed to possess, they were much beefier, like he and Kakarot both were. These Saiyans must have originated from THIS universe. But, how had they survived? One of them looked to be about Vegeta’s age, and the other was obviously much older. They must have survived the planet’s destruction somehow.

And, why was the older one glaring so hard at Vegeta? He’d never even MET this guy!

Frieza introduced the pair as Broly and his father Paragus. Those were definitely Saiyan names. But, Vegeta didn’t recognize either one.

“I understand that when you were quite young, your father did a great disservice to them,” Frieza said. “Condemning the poor boy to a repugnant planet. They were trapped there until my people rescued them. You can imagine what rage burns within their souls.”

Vegeta was confused. His father had done that? But, why? In all of Vegeta’s memories, his father was protective of the other Saiyans.

Wasn’t he…?

Yeah, of course he was. That was why he spared Saiyan infants who had low power levels; He didn’t get rid of them, he just sent them to planets that posed no threat. That’s what had happened to Kakarot, after all. Of course, that was still casting them out in a way, the weak Saiyans never got a chance at true glory, and when they returned from their easy missions, they weren’t permitted to take part in a lot of the activities on their home-planet. They weren’t allowed inside some of the more popular eateries, or anywhere else that they’d be able to socialize with the best fighters. But, by sending them to those low-level planets at all, Vegeta’s father proved he respected all Saiyans on some level.

Didn’t he…?

Sure he had. All Vegeta could recall was looking up to his father, admiring his father, wanting to be like his father. And, since the destruction of his people had made Vegeta feel that complicated swirl of anger and hurt that he had fought so hard bury under a pile of destruction, his father must have felt just as strongly about the survival of the Saiyans.

Which meant, this all had to be an overreaction, or a lie. Broly couldn’t have been ‘banished’ like Frieza said. He must have been born with a puny power level, just like Kakarot. And, like Kakarot, he’d been sent to a planet that would be easy to overwhelm.

Paragus shouted at him; “I swear you will pay, Vegeta! Dearly! This sins of your father are on your head, prince!”

And, no matter what had happened, it was idiotic to blame Vegeta for any of it. Especially not when Vegeta had more important things he could be doing, like retrieving his capsule for an overdue piss. He supposed he might even stay inside the restroom for a bit after he’d finished. He was pretty sure the thing had a heater.“Don’t be ridiculous. This isn’t my business.”

“He didn’t have anything to do with this,” Kakarot agreed.

Regardless of the protests, Broly was sent to attack Vegeta, which he did. Vegeta did his best to maintain his confidence, if his theory was right and Broly had been sent away for being weak, spending his life on an unchallenging planet, this battle wouldn’t be too hard. Even accounting for Vegeta’s steadily worsening need for the restroom, and the maddening chill all around them.

The biggest issue, just as he’d predicted earlier, was the need to remove his coat so that he could move around more freely. The cold clamped around his bones immediately, gnawing into him and causing his entire body to shudder even harder than it had been doing before. The uncontainable contractions squeezed his bladder, and he was so damn numb that he was moving slower than usual, his legs not tensing up like he wanted them to.

Paradoxically, his ears and nose felt like they were burning. They stung hotly, and he couldn’t make sense of that at all. The tingly, sluggish sensations all throughout him also began to have an effect on his ability to fight. Quick reaction times were necessary, as was actually being able to curl his hand into a fist, which was hard to do when his fingers were frozen stiff. Broly really didn’t seem THAT challenging, it was the horrid weather that was getting in Vegeta’s way.

It didn’t help matters that Broly seemed to be viewing this fight as some kind of learning experience, he was very observant from what Vegeta could tell, and he was rapidly improving as the battle went on, understanding Vegeta’s moves and behaviors quickly and committing them to memory. His dodging was improving, he was able to land blows when Vegeta left himself open. The crisp, biting chill eating away at Vegeta, and his intensifying need for a piss, meant he was leaving himself open too often.

If he could at least WARM himse—

Vegeta felt like an idiot. He knew what he had to do; He just had to raise his energy a bit more, that was all. His chi would warm him, and he could even… He could attempt the ‘technique’. He didn’t think he was so desperate that he NEEDED it right now, but he’d stop actively trying to hold his bladder shut, and… If something happened, it happened. It would be fine.

Powering up DID bring Vegeta relief from his frosty torment, feeling returning to all of his limbs and that weird burning sensation fading from his face. But, he didn’t manage to get anything out of his bladder. He wasn’t too shocked. He could sense Frieza within his vicinity, and he didn’t even need to go THAT badly, so of course he didn’t let go.

With his fingers no longer frozen together, he could punch properly and throw chi blasts with his usual ease. He quickly found himself getting the upper hand once he had stopped shivering his ass off, and before long Paragus was shouting at Broly to just stop and get back onto the ship with him.

Vegeta exhaled, satisfied. He’d defeated his opponent and claimed victory in such a tiny amount of time. That had been easy— Even his bodily discomfort’s hadn’t been enough to make him fail this time. Maybe now this guy would lay off, forget this stupid grudge he had against Vegeta’s father. Vegeta decided to shoot one last, parting attack at Broly.

He regretted that.

Broly responded by undergoing some sort of a transformation, one that stirred up a ton of icy wind that nipped at Vegeta’s body, penetrating past the warm cocoon he’d created out of his own chi and making him shiver harder than ever. A cold fist gripped his bladder and squeezed, forcing him to scissor his legs back and forth to get the sudden thudding spasms to settle down. Everyone was busy staring at Broly, they wouldn’t notice, right?!

The only thing Vegeta could feel, apart from the raw claws of his wintry environment and the constant pulses in his middle, was the rapid increase of Broly’s chi. His power was rising and rising, and it didn’t seem like it would stop any time soon.

“What’s going on?” Kakarot called out to him.

Vegeta turned, seeing Kakarot all nice and bundled up in his fuzzy, thick coat, keeping him warm and cozy, and— Gah… Kakarot should have removed that thing once he’d noticed Vegeta taking off his own. How dare HE get to enjoy the added protection of an extra, toasty snug layer while his prince endured the bitter air? “Please tell me you’ve brought a few senzu beans with you.”

“No, I forgot!” Kakarot informed.

Useless! Utterly useless! Vegeta should fly over there and yank that jacket off of him right now just as a punishment! He very nearly did, but the instant he parted his legs, there was a rolling shockwave charging through his bladder and he quickly snapped them back together again, grinding them. Stupid cold, if it weren’t for the way the wind nipped at him, he doubted he’d have to go even half as badly as he did now. He’d only been a little uncomfortable just moments ago, now he could feel the unbearable stretch beginning to form inside of him.

Broly’s transformation, once it was finally complete, reminded Vegeta of Kale’s; He had a green tinted aura around him now. Vegeta recalled how Kale had behaved once she’d had that aura, how she’d lost control of herself and didn’t know what to do with the new onslaught of power she’d obtained.

This fight wasn’t over yet, and it had just gotten a lot harder.

Vegeta launched himself back into the fray, gritting his teeth against the cold wind in his face and the storm it whipped up inside of his bladder, scorching liquid tumbling around and sloshing the delicate walls. Worse yet, his punches weren’t having any effect on Broly anymore. Whether that was from Broly’s sudden burst of power, Vegeta’s worsening condition, or a combination of the two, nothing he did had any real effect on his opponent, and he quickly found himself getting slammed around, knocked into frigid rock formations, and driven into the ground. His insides protested every bit of it, the heavy liquid within him surging violently towards his opening every time he was hit.

Yet, it never made it past the threshold to freedom, even when he charged his chi and assured himself that it would be alright to let himself leak. Something about being thrown around and punched over and over made it incredibly difficult to let any of his muscles go slack, no matter how desperately his body craved it. When he got thrown to the ground one more time, he spotted Kakarot flying towards Broly.

Vegeta was not too ticked off that Kakarot had decided to take over for him, he was so uncomfortable by that point that he was almost relieved that he didn’t have to be the one fighting anymore. He sat up and glanced back and forth at his surroundings, trying to remember where he’d tossed his jacket. If he could just get WARM he’d feel so much better. If he could warm himself up and empty out his bladder, he’d be fine to continue the battle if Kakarot got overwhelmed.

Unfortunately, the fight had encompassed most of the icy landscape, Vegeta and Broly zipping all around it. Vegeta wasn’t sure how far he was from where it had started, or which direction to head in. Apart from being able to feel Bulma and Frieza’s energies, he was completely disoriented. And, the fact that every last bit of this place looked the damn same made it even more impossible to recall where his jacket might have ended up. Everywhere he looked, he just saw piles of annoying snow, and the sight of the frosty substance seemed to be lowering his body temperature.

He WOULD raise his chi and get himself a little toastier that way, but he wasn’t sure if Broly could sense energy or not. He didn’t want that brute to be alerted to his presence before he’d managed to recover himself at least a little.

Giving up on finding his jacket, Vegeta chose to focus on resolving his OTHER issue. He could feel his bladder pressing tightly against his skin, could feel the tautness worsening in his lower abdomen, stretching it thin. Maybe he could at least take care of this? Just, a little bit? Even if he failed to totally drain himself out, lowering the pressure would be a welcome change.

He glanced from side to side once more, spotting a large rock and figuring that it was probably the best he could hope for out here. No one would see, right? Kakarot and Broly were both tearing up this place, any normal person would be focusing on THEM, not on Vegeta hiding himself behind a rock to— hopefully— release his aching bladder.

He reminded himself of this as he trudged over to the rock, grimacing when his boots became lodged in the snow a few times. And then it started to melt, and that made his feet feel wet, which made his toes even colder, which for some ridiculous reason made them burn… He hated this fucking stuff… Saiyans were not meant to interact with snow; That was why their home planet was so hot.

Vegeta even tried imagining himself trapped inside of Magetta’s Torture-Cube again, the first time his environment had been TOO warm for him to tolerate. He tried to remember the sensation of his body over-heating, the blazing inferno all around him, the oppressive steam bearing down on him. But, the memory was NOT enough to cancel out the angry, wrathful winds battering him and causing him to shiver harder and harder with each step, his lower muscles clenching in response and locking around his bladder, squeezing it in a furious grip.

He palmed his crotch as he finally reached the rock, unable to curl his fingers enough to actually grip himself. Why were his fingers fucking icicles?! He had gloves on! They should have been DOING something! But, no, his hands were as numb as could be, he could only get his fingers to bend partway before they just refused to budge anymore and let him grab anything, and that was just—

He had to get his zipper down…

Crossing his legs, Vegeta leaned against the rock. He rubbed his hands together, faster and faster. He couldn’t generate heat with his chi without risking Broly’s unwanted attention, but he knew humans sometimes did it THIS way. It would have to work for him. It was hard to keep the friction going, his middle was always shuddering, and the urge to put his hands between his legs instead was strong.

Maybe that would ALSO warm them up, though?

No, this seemed to be doing the job faster, and it was much less embarrassing. He continued to rub them for a few more seconds then, once they’d regained their full range of motion, he gripped his zipper, tugged it down, and freed himself.

Ah—! Nope! That was— Gah, he had FORGOTTEN how this felt since the LAST time he’d tried to relieve himself in the snow. Stupid, stupid… Of course exposing his most sensitive and delicate area to these ridiculous, torturous temperatures was going to feel worse than anything else had today. It was AT LEAST five times more painful than ANY move Broly had used on him! First, there was the shock of the freeze, and then the stinging, which built into burning. He fidgeted and gritted his teeth, wanting to tuck himself back away, the less bare skin he had exposed, the better.

His bladder protested his thoughts, reminding him that he still really had to go. This made him grimace more. His odds of success had already been practically zero— He was trying to urinate outdoors with minimal coverage while Frieza’s annoying chi continued to flare off in the distance— and NOW he had the cold nipping at his dick and making him clench harder than ever.

Still, he had to try… He had promised himself that he would keep trying whenever he had the chance to. He pushed down on his pelvic muscles as hard as possible, grunting and straining, and KNOWING that this was the wrong tactic to use. This was the OPPOSITE of relaxing his body, the thing he most NEEDED to do, but the temperature made him want to hurry, and this was how he hurried…

He felt something beginning to shift inside of him as he pushed and squeezed and bore down. But, it wasn’t his bladder, it was just his chi starting to spark and ignite inside of him. He was about to go Super Saiyan from trying to piss. AGAIN. It was, once AGAIN, easier for him to change his body into a powered up, legendary form than it was for him to pee.

He couldn’t let himself transform now, though. He had to keep his chi lowered and, reluctantly, he concentrated on achieving this, dismayed to feel his body-heat decrease along with it.

Vegeta groaned. Clearly, he wasn’t going to get out a drop here, and he was just torturing himself by trying. He zipped back up and leaned against the rock again. He could at least take advantage of the privacy for a little while longer, he let his legs tangle back together and placed his hands firmly between them… He was right, that DID keep his hands warm. In fact, he would say that that was all he was doing if someone happened to spot him, just trying to get his fists ready to continue the battle.

Except, he knew he wouldn’t be ABLE to continue the battle with his bladder still weighing him down. The main reason he’d failed to piss was because he couldn’t stand to expose himself to the cold for that long, which meant that the ‘technique’ would be a better option since he could do it with his clothes still on. BUT, that could alert Broly, and he didn’t want to risk getting battered again when he was mid-stream.

…

He could…

Just…

Try and let it go WITHOUT powering up first? And then he could use his chi to dry off once he was done? It wouldn’t matter if Broly came back to him by then, he’d be ready to fight.

No, no… He could NEVER do that. Even back here, where no one would see, HE would still know. It would be a real accident, with warm liquid gushing and steaming down his legs, a puddle expanding beneath his feet.

Oh, WARM liqui—

NO.

Vegeta shook his head vehemently, like he could dislodge the awful, awful, AWFUL thoughts if he did it hard enough. The cold was driving him fucking insane. It was literally breaking his brain.

‘No one will know,’ Vegeta thought. ‘You’ll dry off right away. It will be like it didn’t happen.’ He shut his eyes and took several deep breaths, wincing at the stretch this invited into his middle. He spread his legs apart, moved his hands away, refusing to allow anything to obstruct his stream’s pathway. He kept his eyes closed tightly, he tried to ignore the crisp wind all around him reminding him that he wasn’t at home, the feeling of fabric over his crotch reminding him that he was trying to make himself have an accident, Frieza’s chi, and the even more wild energies flaring between Broly and Kakarot…

Kakarot’s energy was…

It was flickering! Kakarot must have been hurt! How badly? He’d said he didn’t have any senzu beans, but his chi was fading quickly. Could he still fight? Could he even get up? How much pain was he in? How much—

Kakarot’s chi burst back to normal and Vegeta exhaled slowly. Not that he’d been concerned for the idiot’s safety or anything, he just didn’t want responsibility of the fight to fall back on HIM when he still had to go.

Oh, right. He still had to go. He’d managed to forget that for a couple of seconds somehow. That was weird.

He closed his eyes again, and pictured himself at home, in his own restroom. He imagined that the faucet was on, spraying a loud, noisy blast of water. He pictured waterfalls and rivers and rainstorms. He thought about how good it had felt the LAST time he urinated. All of it made his abdomen spasm more violently, none of it made him release his torrent.

This wasn’t going to happen. Of course it wasn’t going to happen. Vegeta couldn’t just… He couldn’t have a real, full-blown accident on purpose! He could never, ever do such a thing to himself!

There was still Bulma. There was still his capsule. It felt like she was a fair distance away from him, but he could make it over to her. If he couldn’t flood his pants when he was making an active ATTEMPT to do so, he certainly wouldn’t do it without meaning to, right?

Unfortunately, he had to make it over to Bulma on foot to avoid detection. Now would be an AWFUL time to get Broly’s attention back on him.

He had already discovered that walking in the snow was not his favorite activity, but now that his bladder was at a critical level, it was far, far worse. It was hard to walk when he needed to go THIS badly, and needing to keep his thighs clenched and his legs close together made it harder not to stumble. Each time he did, he instinctively grasped himself as liquid surged painfully down his length. A fairly long leak managed to break free once, and it sent his heart into over-drive, the panic chilling him even further.

The only positive was that, with Kakarot and Broly’s battle heating up, Vegeta’s environment eventually did too. All of the energy blasts and rising chis were beginning to effect the world around the two fighters, and by the time Vegeta reached Bulma and Whis, he was nowhere near as frozen.

He walked straight up to Bulma and demanded; “Capsule. Now.”

“Vege—“

“I already tried,” Vegeta interrupted. “I swear to you. I tried… Handling it behind a rock moments ago. Capsule. Now.”

“That’s—“ Bulma patted down her snowsuit. “I didn’t bring my capsule case, this was supposed to be a short trip, and I didn’t think I’d need it.”

Vegeta’s gaze flicked over to Whis for a second, then back to Bulma. He lowered his voice. “I… I forgot to… Do it before we left. And, I’ve learned that cold weather has several maddening effects on my body.”

Bulma bit her lip. “I… I think Goku should be done soon…?” She offered.

Vegeta glanced back up at the battle. He doubted it. Broly and Kakarot seemed to be evenly matched at the moment. He rubbed his knees together, looking to Whis once more.

Whis had fixed him once, he could do it again.

But, that would be admitting defeat. He didn’t WANT to solve his Problem using magic. He wanted to solve it by BEATING it. The tournament had been a special occasion, with the fate of the universe on the line, it made sense to drain Vegeta out by any means necessary. This time, Vegeta was just watching Kakarot fight some brute. The stakes weren’t quite as high.

He’d… He’d ask if his back started to hurt, he decided. Bulma got so concerned about his kidney pains, and they’d been present the day she’d dragged him to the emergency room, so THEY would mean this had become serious enough for him to accept that kind of assistance.

Vegeta bit his lip, shocked. There was a circumstance in which he would accept assistance from someone who wasn’t part of his family or Kakarot.

A pretty intense, torturous circumstance, but still…

Vegeta watched Kakarot’s fight for a little while longer. His fingers tapped against his outer thighs in agitation, and they picked up speed as more time passed. After five more minutes, he was swaying from side to side. After another five, he couldn’t stop bouncing. After ANOTHER five, his patience broke. “What the Hell are you waiting for, Kakarot?!” He shouted. “Stop dawdling!” And, with that, he scrounged up all the chi-control he had left and flew off to join.

“It’s pretty obvious you’re not gonna defeat him by yourself!”

“I hate to admit it, but I think you’re right,” Kakarot said.

They tried several combined attacks again, and just like at the tournament, Vegeta felt a gradual merging of their energies, his chaotic chi being brought to heel by Kakarot’s tranquil one, and Kakarot’s relaxed energy growing a sharper, more focused edge. It was such a strange, hypnotizing sensation. Vegeta couldn’t help but savor it.

Except it still wasn’t enough to subdue Broly, who came right back at them and chased them all over the frozen tundra. When they flew over Frieza, Broly seized on HIM instead, much to Vegeta’s satisfaction.

Even more satisfying, Kakarot grabbed a hold of his hand. Their energies were already melded together from joining in battle, but now that they were physically touching each other as well, the gelling intensified. It was like their chis had merged into one continuous thing, just like when they fused, but somehow even more connected because they hadn’t erased their individuality.

Kakarot teleported them away and they crashed HARD into some dirt atop a rock formation. Vegeta’s bladder was shaken up, like it was caught in one of the worst earthquakes to ever hit the planet. He bit back a pained whimper, still taking some solace in Kakarot’s touch.

Until he sensed another presence, realized Piccolo was there, and had to yank himself away from Kakarot immediately. “Let go of me!” He snarled.

“Hey,” Piccolo said. “What in the name of the multiverse is going on!”

“Don’t worry, I’ll explain everything later,” Kakarot said. “But, for now… Vegeta, I think I know who can defeat Broly.”

Vegeta dragged himself up from the ground, his knees bending involuntarily and fighting against him standing completely upright. His bladder was so damned heavy… It felt like the heaviest thing he’d ever tried to pick up. Five billion tons of searing liquid weighing him down. He clenched his thighs, trying to pin his member closed between them. If the Namekian weren’t there, he probably would have been grabbing himself. “Who?”

“Gogeta!” Kakarot answered.

Vegeta turned away. “No.”

“What?” Kakarot whined. “Why not?”

Vegeta was NOT doing that ridiculous dance in front of the Namekian. It would be just as embarrassing as the OTHER ridiculous dance that he was trying so hard not to perform! “Because I said so!”

“That’s not a very good reason,” Kakarot said. “Come on. We’ve done it before.”

Vegeta didn’t want to remember those times! The VERY first time, they’d fucked it up and come out looking ridiculous. Then, they’d tried again and it had gone a little better, but Vegeta STILL hadn’t enjoyed it. The time after that, it was… To help Vegeta piss.

Vegeta wasn’t sure if Gogeta could actually defeat Broly like Kakarot said. But, he DID know that Gogeta could piss…

Shuddering at the memory of what had happened when they’d fused into Vegito while they both had to go, Vegeta quickly checked Kakarot for any signs of need. It was easy to determine that his bladder was empty, since he tended to jump around so shamelessly when he was desperate. “Tch… Fine!” He huffed. “Just this one time!”

Vegeta struggled to do the stupid dance in front of a witness. Kakarot ended up suggesting that Piccolo should turn around just so that Vegeta could focus and do it correctly. Once the humiliating task was complete, Gogeta was a trembling mess, and Kakarot’s thoughts blared loudly into Vegeta’s mind.

‘AH! That’s— Vegeta! I think we’re gonna explode!’

Vegeta’s own thoughts betrayed him; ‘Why are you so shocked?! I’m sure you could tell that I was dying to piss!’

‘I noticed you had to pee, but not this bad! We gotta go now!’

Gogeta started to run to the edge of the rock formation, hands working at his belt.

‘NO, KAKAROT!’ Vegeta mentally screamed. ‘I’M IN HERE, REMEMBER?! NOT IN FRONT OF THE NAMEKIAN!’

‘But— But we need to!”

‘Kakarot, think for one fucking second! What are the chances Gogeta can even DO it in front of the Namekian when he’s half ME?!’

‘Oh, right…’ Kakarot agreed.

“Um… What are you doing?” Piccolo asked, staring at the fusion’s odd behavior. “I thought you had a battle to get back to…?”

“We do,” Gogeta answered. “But, we’ve really gotta go take a lea— We have something else to take care of fir— We’re going to burs— We need a moment to ourse— BE RIGHT BACK!”

‘Kakarot, dammit, let ME do the talking!’ Vegeta ordered.

‘I’m trying, I keep blurting stuff out, I don’t think I know how to control his mouth after he’s already started saying stuff.’

‘Then be QUIET!’

“… Alright … I get the feeling you want privacy,” Piccolo said. “Or, at least PART of you does…” he added softly. “I’ll leave you be.” He turned and flew off.

Gogeta watched him leave.

‘He’s gone now!’ Kakarot thought. ‘Can I— Can we go?! Please?! Please, Vegeta?! Vegeta, I need to go SO bad!’

‘SO DO I! NOW, HURRY UP!’ Ugh, Vegeta hadn’t meant to think that… It sounded so utterly desperate!

‘Vegeta, you ARE desperate,’ Kakarot pointed out. ‘I can feel it.’

‘Just make us— Make us do it already.’

Gogeta returned to the edge and untied his belt, aiming over the side.

‘Kakarot, what if someone’s down there?! What if we hit them, or—‘

‘Vegeta, do you SENSE anyone? Because, I don’t. It’s fine. Everything is just fine. We’re gonna pee, and we’re gonna feel so much better, and then we’re gonna go beat Broly. We’ve got this.’

‘We’ve got this…’

‘Yeah.’

Gogeta took a few deep breaths.

‘Let’s calm down, Vegeta. Please? If I don’t pee, I think I’ll explode. And I dunno what happens to us if Gogeta blows up.’

‘Kakarot, stop being so funny— STUPID. Stop being so stupid!’

‘Heheh, you think I’m funny!’

‘I do NOT.’

‘Yeah, you do. I can hear all your thoughts.’

‘Great. That helps me relax SO much.’

Gogeta’s shoulders tensed.

‘Hey, no. Don’t do that, Vegeta… It’s just us, right? Well, I mean, technically it’s just Gogeta. And he’s alone. You can go when you’re alone.’

‘I can go when I’m alone…’

Gogeta started to slowly trickle, a hesitant, dribbly stream emerging.

‘Ahhhhh…. Yeah, just like that, Vegeta. That feels way better already.’

‘Phew… I thought I’d never go…’

Gogeta’s release picked up in speed and intensity, drawing a small moan from his lips.

‘KAKAROT! Don’t have us make such ridiculous sounds!’

‘Sorry… It just feels really good!’

‘You weren’t even the one who had to hold that in all day!’

‘I know, so it feels EXTRA good for you, huh? Don’t lie, I can hear your thoughts.’

‘Shut up… Of course it feels… Pleasant.’

Gogeta let out another sigh, this one far softer, as a little shiver went up his spine. Gradually, his stream died off after another couple minutes.

‘Man, that felt GREAT!’ Kakarot thought.

‘Yeah, that was amazing, I feel SO much bett— I mean— Ugh, let’s go beat Broly so that you can stop listening to my thoughts, alright?’

‘Right!’

Overpowering Broly as Gogeta was easy, but as they were about to deliver the final blow, Broly suddenly disappeared, his friends having used the dragon balls to return him to his home planet.

Goku in particular was sad to see him go, and hoped to visit him so that they could fight again someday.

*011*2025-04-07 20:48

Distantly, Vegeta could hear Kakarot grunting, as though in a great deal of pain. He tried to feel for Kakarot’s energy, but could only pick up on a tiny pulse of it swimming up in his bleary consciousness. Was this a dream…? Vegeta attempted to look around, but all he saw was pitch blackness. He was pretty sure his eyes were closed, but when he tried opening them, nothing happened. It was like his eyelids were stapled shut.

“Thanks,” Kakarot’s voice. “But, you got your energy drained too, so don’t overdo it, little guy.”

Who was he talking to? Vegeta could only vaguely sense Kakarot’s energy, not anyone else’s. He tried to concentrate harder, and that only made his head throb with pain. Vegeta was so, so tired, which meant he probably wasn’t dreaming. He couldn’t feel tired when he was already sleeping, right? He wanted to go BACK to sleep. He wanted to sleep forever.

Where was he, anyway? Last he remembered he was… What had he been doing? Kakarot came over to train, and then…

Vegeta remembered being on a spaceship, the headquarters for that silly Galactic Patrol group Bulma’s friend Jaco was a part of. He remembered waking up there, having been knocked out when he and Kakarot were trying to stop them from taking Buu. He remembered Merus, the leader of the group, explaining that they needed Buu because he’d absorbed the Lord of Lords, the only person with the ability to defeat Moro, a recently escaped criminal who absorbed the energy of others in order to make himself more powerful. But, Buu was STILL asleep, as far as Vegeta knew, he hadn’t woken up since before the start of the Tournament of Power.

That must have felt good, sleeping for so long…

No, no. Vegeta needed to focus.

Kakarot volunteered himself and Vegeta to stop Moro instead, Vegeta’s armor was marked with a tacky symbol, Jaco tried to convince him to strike a bunch of ridiculous poses… Then, Kakarot used his chi-sense to determine that Moro was heading towards New Namek, most likely in search of their dragon balls.

They had to beat Moro there, so Kakarot had grasped Vegeta’s hand. That part had been nice. Their energies tangled together instantly, it had been warm and calming, even with the urgency of the situation. How did Kakarot manage to pull off things like that? The universe could be falling down all around him, but his chi would remain that tranquil, smooth pond of total relaxation, and when they connected Vegeta’s own nerves could quiet down, even if it was just a little.

Ugh. Focus!

They’d appeared on New Namek, and right away Vegeta felt a chi that was the exact opposite of Kakarot’s. It had that same malignant aura Zamasu’s had, only even denser; Moro had arrived.

Moro was a huge goat-like creature with blue skin and long, claw-like hands. He had a hunched back and was covered in wrinkles. He looked older than the planet they were standing on, and that made sense; He’d apparently been in prison for the past ten million years.

Vegeta had gone to fight Moro first, before Kakarot could say much about it. Something deep within him insisted he HAD to be the one to get this beast away from the Namekians. He’d hurt the creatures so much in the past, after all, this would be how he made up for—

No. He couldn’t make up for that. There was nothing he could do to make up for that. Nothing would be enough to truly atone for what he’d done, not just to the Namekians, but to countless others throughout the galaxy. This knowledge weighed heavily on him as he fought, and he found himself trapped in a vicious spiral of horrid thoughts.

He was going to go to Hell, there was no way around it.

He’d BEEN to Hell already, so he at least knew what to expect once he got back there again. He knew what his environment would look like, what torments may befall him there as his soul was cleansed. He knew that his family and Kakarot would be able to keep their bodies and spend eternity in Heaven. Together. Without him. Years and years would pass and, while they would initially be saddened by his absence, eventually they would forget him.

Vegeta knew he’d be separated from the ones he loved after his death, and that he only had himself to blame for it. He deserved it.

He had to stop thinking about it. This cropped up in his mind from time to time, but right now he had to get rid of it. He had to focus on this battle. This very, very strange battle. The longer he fought, the weaker Vegeta felt. Exhaustion creeped in, like he hadn’t slept in over a month. At the same time, Moro was growing stronger, more alert, more capable.

Eventually, Vegeta was struggling to feel his own chi, to manipulate it. He had a strange, empty sensation inside of his body. Hollowed out and raw. To his shock, it wasn’t long before he couldn’t even transform into a Super Saiyan anymore. And, when Kakarot joined the fight, the same effects seemed to take hold of him.

Weary and battered, Kakarot grasped Vegeta’s arm. But, this time, Vegeta barely felt their energies meld. SOMETHING was there, but it was so faint he wondered if he was merely imagining it. Kakarot tried to use Instant Transmission to bring them back to the Galactic Patrol’s ship, only to discover that he’d lost so much chi that the ability had ceased to function.

That was the last thing Vegeta could remember before blacking out.

Now, he just kept laying in bed, halfway between sleep and wakefulness, numb all over and coated in a thick sheen of exhaustion. Until, he heard the unfamiliar voice coming closer, and his energy began to return. “You two saved our lives, so this is the least I can do…” the voice said.

“Urm…” Vegeta muttered, barely managing to open a single eye at first. Feeling was returning to him, and he realized that this must have been the work of a Namekian with healing powers, because the deep bruises, shattered bones, and other scuffs he’d obtained during his fight with Moro were gone. Instead of his body lighting up with pain, he felt the soft sheet covering him, the cushion below him, the comfort of Kakarot’s presence…

And, THEN his body lit up with pain!

He was totally waking up after being unconscious for so long. Now, his body was giving him all of the signals he had been missing. He was hungry. He was thirsty. Every urge was an overwhelming need. Every discomfort was magnified. Above all, the loudest signal was the one igniting in his bladder and searing up his back; He had to piss right the FUCK now!

He jerked upright, eyes blowing wide. How had he been able to just lay there, wishing for sleep, when his insides were packed to the brim with liquid?! How had he not noti— Oh— Gah! He’d sat up too fast, his back was tearing, his kidneys were ripping themselves to shreds, acid was dissolving all the bones in his spinal cord. It had never been this bad before— He thought that EVERY time this agony reared its ugly head, but he REALLY meant it now. He was SURE of it.

He doubled over, clutching uselessly at his sides and gritting his teeth, begging the tears searing in the backs of his eyes to stay put. “Tch…” He didn’t know if he was about to split into billions of tiny pieces, vomit everywhere, pass out again, or some combination of all three. Every part of him was either on fire or being gnawed away by caustic, angry fluid.

“Wait,” the Namekian said. “You mustn’t try to get up just yet…”.

Vegeta HAD to get up, he needed to go right this second! He needed a bathroom, please let there be an adequately private one around here somewhere! He turned to the Namekian, and felt like an idiot. Of course there wouldn’t be any private facilities nearby. Namekians— lucky bastards that they were— didn’t urinate. This one had no idea why Vegeta was shaking so much, why he was radiating misery. Even if Vegeta worked up the nerve to ask him for a toilet, he wouldn’t know how to respond. So, instead, he just mumbled; “Oh, it’s you…”

The Namekian smiled. “My name is Esca,” he said. “Thank you for saving me back there.”

Kakarot grinned as well; “See, Vegeta? Looks like we’re still alive.”

Yeah, Vegeta was alive, but for how much longer? One of his organs was on a mission to murder him. He squirmed his legs beneath the sheet, but this did nothing. He leaned back, trying to give his bladder some room, but this did nothing. He tensed his thighs, but this did nothing. Nothing lessened the pressure, not even the tiniest bit. He was horrified when the realization struck; This was the worst he had ever needed to pee in his entire life. In his many, many years of extreme desperation, after all the horrid experiences his Problem had foisted upon him, THIS was the worst.

How long had it been since he last went?! He’d relieved himself before heading to Hercule’s place where the Galactic Patrol got him. How long ago was that? A day, maybe? “How long have I been out…?”

An older Namekian filled him in; “You slumbered for three full days.”

“THREE DAYS?!” Vegeta repeated. He hadn’t pissed in three days, plus a few more hours, most likely. He squirmed, not feeling even the smallest hint of moisture. He hadn’t leaked or ANYTHING. He hadn’t released a drop in three days! It was no wonder his need was more extreme than what even HE had previously experienced! Three days!

And… What had Moro done in all that time?! Did he have the dragon balls?! “What of Moro, what is that fiend up to?!”

“He’s already attacked three villages. He’s probably headed for Elder Tsuburi’s village as we speak.”

“Wh—What?! You mean he’s obtained three of the dragon balls!” Vegeta started to ease himself out of the bed, and—

GAH! His bladder throbbed with the most violent, most splitting, most intense, most mind-breaking spasm he’d EVER endured. His whole lower torso screamed, the space beneath his ribs exploded in a crescendo of agony. He doubled over, vision blurring. He couldn’t tell if the tears had made it out, or if he just had to pee so bad that he couldn’t see straight anymore. “Guh… Tch…”

“Indeed,” the Namekian continued. “Three of our villages failed to protect their dragon balls. He slaughtered them all.”

Vegeta had to stop Moro, he had to— Ah!— He had to relieve himself NOW! He was going to die if he didn’t go, and he didn’t think that was an exaggeration anymore! At least half his body weight had to be piss at this point, and something like that MUST have been lethal. It was going to… To poison his blood or something! His bladder was going to tear open, and the liquid would flow out into every corner of his body and kill him. He shot a look over to Kakarot, certain the other Saiyan ALREADY knew what was going on, but needing him to hurry it up and DO someth—

The ground started to shake, and Vegeta let out a loud gasp of pain. To his shock, it didn’t feel like the fluid inside of him was sloshing in response to the motion. His bladder had so much inside of it that it was like it had congealed into a solid mass, bouncing brutally and slamming up against his wailing kidneys as the earth beneath him trembled.

“Wh—What is that?” Kakarot asked. “Is it Moro?”

Of course, it HAD to be. And, Kakarot must have sensed a depletion of energy, because he said; “He’s started killing the Namekians? Dammit, I wish we could help, but I still can’t use my Instant Transmission!”

“There is hope,” the older Namekian said. “We have not been idle for three days…” He explained that the strongest fighters on the planet were assimilating together, like Piccolo and Kami once had on Earth, to create a warrior that could defeat Moro.

Vegeta listened, tangling his legs together beneath his sheet, clutching away at his crotch, and wishing that these actions would actually make the pressure go down. He couldn’t help but squeeze himself, yet the embarrassing grasp wasn’t even making him feel better! It wasn’t fa—

Kakarot sensed a huge loss of energy. The warrior the older Namekian spoke of must have already been defeated. Kakarot jumped out of his bed.

Vegeta tried to gently follow suit, but only made it to the edge before his need had transformed into a grotesque nausea that kept him from going any further. He’d throw up on himself if he kept trying to move with this immense, harrowing ball of urgency lodged in his core. “That fiend!” He said. “He’s grown even more powerful than when we fought!”

“He’s probably been absorbing energy from the whole planet, including us,” Kakarot said. Standing there so easily and comfortably… Come to think of it, why wasn’t Kakarot ALSO exploding?! His bladder was smaller than Vegeta’s, he should have been even worse off than—

Vegeta noticed that the color of the sheets on Kakarot’s bed did not match the ones on his own, suggesting they may have been changed out, as well as a few dark areas on Kakarot’s clothes.

Vegeta never thought he’d envy someone for pissing the bed, but it had to be better than what HE was feeling! The Namekians didn’t urinate, so they likely hadn’t even realized Kakarot had done something embarrassing. Hell, they may have just assumed Kakarot was sweatier than Vegeta was, and that was the reason he’d needed fresh sheets.

“How’s Moro finding the dragon balls in the first place?” Kakarot asked.

“Using the villages,” Vegeta said. “He’s locating the Namekian settlements and attacking them one by one, just like how Frieza went about it.”

“But, if he’s not zeroing in on the dragon balls themselves, we should be good, as long as he’s in the dark about this one,” Kakarot gestured to one in the corner of the room, which Vegeta had missed due to being VERY preoccupied.

“One would hope…” Vegeta agreed.

They worked out a plan; Kakarot told the older Namekian to alert the villages so that everyone would know to leave, then reminded Vegeta to keep his power suppressed. This wasn’t easy, his torment and desperation were making it hard to control his chi, it rose and fell at rapid, random intervals. Thankfully, now that the Moro situation had been somewhat sorted, Kakarot turned to Vegeta. “You didn’t… Um… Do what I did, huh?”

Vegeta assumed Kakarot was referring to the bed-wetting, and shook his head.

Kakarot flinched. “Three days…” he murmured, holding Vegeta’s arm. “Hey, Esca?”

“Yes?” Esca asked.

“Are there any really private spots around here?”

“Um…” Esca looked back at them, confused. “Is this about Moro? Do you have a special attack to try? If you need to sneak up on him—“

“No, that’s not what I meant,” Kakarot said. “I meant, like, if you wanted to do something really bad, but you didn’t want anyone to see, where would you go?”

“I guess it would depend on what it is…”

Vegeta’s knees began to bounce, and he let his hands go back between his legs. The only people around were Kakarot and a few members of an alien species that didn’t know what pissing was, he could squeeze all he wanted… Even if it continued to do no good, and the pressure was getting worse and worse with every passing second.

“Um…” Kakarot rocked on his heels. “Vegeta… Uh, do you want me t—“

Vegeta’s back erupted. He hadn’t anticipated it at all, since it was ALREADY searing as hard as he’d thought possible, nevertheless it exploded AGAIN. The spaces where his kidneys were lodged were being drilled into, a diabolical twisting sensation digging deep into them. His lower spine seemed to be disintegrating, corroding as caustic liquid devoured it.

“E—Esca!” Vegeta blurted out, his mouth working so fast he couldn’t even think through his words before he said them. “When Saiyans drink water it has to come back out, and I need somewhere private before it can come out, and if it doesn’t come out soon I’m going to— I don’t even know, I just— I have to get it out!”

Esca blinked at him several times, trying to understand. So did Kakarot, surprised that Vegeta had said all of that out loud.

“You need somewhere to let water come back out,” Esca said slowly. “And, it has to be where no one will see you.”   Kakarot nodded. “Y—Yeah… Where’s a good spot for that?”

Esca thought about it, then beamed up at Goku, smiling. “Oh! Is that why I had to change your sheets a couple of times? The water came out?”

Kakarot rubbed the back of his neck, laughing anxiously. “Uh, yeah… That’s one way it can come out. Sorry about that… It’s not really supposed to happen in bed.”

“Okay, so it’s messy,” Esca said. “You need a spot where it’s okay to make a mess…”

‘C’mon, c’mon…’ Vegeta begged silently, his knees bouncing so quickly they were blurring.

“Hey, is the water-thing why he can’t hold still anymore?”

“… Yeah,” Kakarot said. “We’re supposed to let out water several times a day or else it starts to hurt us, and Vegeta hasn’t done it in three days, so he’s VERY uncomfortable and needs a spot right away, okay? Make sure it’s as close as possible!”

Vegeta was too overwhelmed by all the physical torture to be embarrassed by Kakarot’s description. His own shaky, desperate, frantic one had been even worse, anyway.

“Hmm… Okay,” Esca said. “If you go outside and turn to the left, there’s a cave not too far from here. You can’t miss it. Is that a good place?”

“That sounds perfect,” Kakarot said. “Come on, Vegeta.”

Kakarot had to help Vegeta up. The pain of being on his feet was exquisite. New Namek’s gravity was actually a little LESS intense than Earth’s was, and he could barely fathom what he’d feel like if they were still there.

Kakarot walked with him, holding his upper arm to keep him as stable as possible. Vegeta didn’t protest the contact, he didn’t protest the assistance. He NEEDED it. Without Kakarot, the only way he’d get to the cave would be by dragging himself on his hands and knees, flat on his stomach, with his weight crushing his bladder and the terrain stabbing it.

The cave wasn’t far, but the two minute walk felt like an eternity. Vegeta lost himself in a world of need, focused only on forcing his feet to move forwards, on not stumbling, on letting Kakarot guide him. He didn’t realize they’d finally made it until Kakarot spoke up. “Okay, here we are. I’ll be right here, no one’ll see you. You’ve got this.”

A few drops escaped the prison of his bladder at the reassurance, and Vegeta hurried to unzip himself, aiming and parting his legs. He braced himself with one hand against the cave wall, trying to steady his breathing. He remembered how awful his experience had been on the Namekians’ old planet, how much he’d struggled to let go, how he’d only managed a few spurts at a time until Kakarot had showed up and he’d magically been able to drain out all of the way at last.

Now, Kakarot was here, keeping watch, assuring him he had his privacy. “C’mon, Vegeta. You can do it. Show this thing how strong you are!”

The stream slowly began to emerge, but Vegeta didn’t feel like any part of him was trying to hold it back. He supposed that, after three whole days of restraint, his valve might have forgotten HOW to open itself completely. Nevertheless, the sluggish trickle pattering against the cave wall in front of him felt like utter bliss. He released a long, low, deep sigh as the pressure dropped little by little.

“Great job, Vegeta,” Kakarot said. “Keep letting it go.”

After a full minute of slow dribbling, Vegeta felt a sharp snap inside of him, but the pain only lasted a second before it was replaced with extreme, all-consuming pleasure. He was letting out a vicious waterfall now, dousing the wall with a typhoon that kept building in ferocity. The hissing and spattering was so loud, and he’d let out a moan that sounded downright orgasmic before he realized what he was doing.

Kakarot didn’t comment on the sound, but Vegeta did hear him shift slightly, doubtless surprised that VEGETA had been the one to make it.

Vegeta kept pouring away, it was like he was emptying whole buckets worth of liquid. It was a good thing he was using a cave for this, if he were letting it out onto a tree he’d probably drown it to death.

“Vegeta? A—Almost done?” Kakarot asked, his voice sounded anxious, and Vegeta’s flow slowed down.

“What?! Is someone comi—“

“No, no!” Kakarot said. “You’re good, keep going! Get it all out! It’s just, I need to go too, so I was hoping you were close to being finished.”

Vegeta didn’t feel anywhere NEAR finished. Three days worth of liquid was trying to eject itself from his body, of course it was going to take a while. “Just go,” he said. He immediately heard the rustling of clothing and added; “NOT right next to me.”

“Oh, right!” Goku took a couple steps away from Vegeta, then started to pee.

“You’re still close,” Vegeta pointed out.

“I’m not even as close to you as I was when I was just keeping watch!” Goku said. “Ahhhh…. That’s better!”

“Be quiet!”

Goku kept his mouth shut until he was finished, then shook off some discomfort of his own when he realized that Vegeta was STILL going. This was a VERY long piss, even for Vegeta. How much pain had he been in before? Was he going to be alright after this? Was he good to continue fighting, or were his abdominal muscles all shot to Hell now? Or, what if he got another one of those infection thingies from this?

When Vegeta was FINALLY done and had zipped himself back up, Goku couldn’t help himself. “Are you okay?! I think… I think that was SIX minutes this time! It was longer than usual!”

“I didn’t go for three days,” Vegeta mumbled out the reminder, a blush forming on his face. “O—Of course there was… A lot.”

“I know, but—“

“I… I feel better, alright?” Vegeta said, looking down at his feet. “Is that enough to make you stop all this stupid worrying?!”

“… Okay,” Goku said. “So long as you’re sure you’re alright.”

“I’m sure, the pain’s gone,” Vegeta sighed, turning away. “I’m… I’m slightly sore, but that’s normal. Now, shut up about it, we have more important things to do.”

“I know,” Goku said. “Good job telling Esca, by the way. I’m proud of you.”   

Vegeta rolled his eyes. “It’s not like it mattered. Namekians don’t piss, he doesn’t even know that it’s embarrassing.”

But, it DID matter. It mattered a LOT. Vegeta had told a new person about his situation and asked for what he’d needed. And, he hadn’t received any judgement. He hadn’t received any mockery. Everything had been perfectly fine, and he’d freed himself from the pain, just like that. It had been so simple. It had been so easy. It hadn’t been the end of the world.

With that in mind, it was much easier for Vegeta to give the same explanation the next time it became necessary. Moro’s lackey succeeded in summoning New Namek’s dragon and wishing for Moro’s full strength to return. Moro repaid him by killing him so that he could take the final wish for himself as well, and used it to set all of the criminals in the Galactic Prison free. They arrived in a ship of their own and, their energy being stolen by Moro once again, Vegeta and Kakarot were unable to defeat the onslaught of opponents.

Kakarot wanted to teleport everyone back to the Galactic Patrol’s headquarters while he still had enough chi left to do so, but Vegeta refused. The very mention of Instant Transmission had given him an idea; One he liked far better than just running away and accepting defeat. Vegeta didn’t run from anything anymore, if there was anything else he could try, he’d give himself that chance. Giving up and avoiding everything was the only way he could truly lose.

Kakarot obviously didn’t understand what he was doing, and there was no time to break it all down for him. His stomach churned at the knowledge that he was making Kakarot worry about him, but he’d explain everything later.

Vegeta took off in the direction of another galactic patrol ship, belonging to a member named Irico, and demanded to be brought to Planet Yardrat, the location where Kakarot had LEARNED Instant Transmission in the first place. If the denizens of that place were capable of teleportation, then they had to have a whole surplus of strange and powerful techniques. There, Vegeta thought, he’d obtain the ability necessary to destroy Moro.

Unfortunately, Irico informed him that it would take a week to reach Yardrat, and that was when Vegeta realized how small the ship actually was, and that he was beginning to need the restroom again. He also started to regret not slowing down and explaining his plan to Kakarot. Perhaps Kakarot could have come along, bringing his soothing chi with him. “Alright,” he said, hoping the nervousness didn’t creep into his voice. “I’ll be resting in the meantime then.”

Irico gestured to one of the bedrooms and, hopeful, Vegeta entered it. If the bedroom HAD an attached restroom, then this would be easy. He planned on spending most of the next week in here anyway. He didn’t know Irico and had no desire to change that.

Unfortunately, the only other door Vegeta found led into a closet. Nowhere for him to relieve himself. The bathroom had to be somewhere else; Somewhere more open and communal. Somewhere that Irico might notice him entering, might think about him needing to go desperately, might hear him voiding…

He sat down on the bed and jiggled one of his knees. He was going to have to find out what he was dealing with eventually. He couldn’t just hold it for a week and then hope Planet Yardrat had somewhere more private for him to go. He knew what it felt like to have three days worth of liquid stuffed into his bladder, he was not willing to find out what would happen after even longer.

Telling Esca hadn’t been the end of the world…

Vegeta got off the bed and left the room. His heart hammered rapid-fire against his ribs as he approached Irico again. He clenched his fists and reminded himself to breathe. Slowly. In… Out… In… Out…

Kakarot had been so proud of him for telling Esca. If Kakarot were here now, he’d be even prouder.

“Hey, you,” Vegeta said.

Irico jumped at Vegeta’s sharp tone. “Y—Yeah?”

“I… Uh…” Vegeta swallowed hard, the thrumming in his lower abdomen intensified. After the absolute chaos his unintentional three day hold had wrought on his body, his pelvic muscles trembled under just the slightest pressure. “Where… Um… Where are the facilities?”

There. He’d said it. He’d… He’d alluded to the fact he had to urinate, and nothing had caught fire. There was a quiet ringing in his ears, and he had to shut his eyes and focus on slowing his breathing down, but he was fine… He was fine… It was a normal thing to ask. It was a normal thing to ask…

“It’s that door,” Irico pointed to one on his left… It was… Right beside the controls, right next to where he was sitting. He’d… Definitely hear Vegeta peeing. Or, rather, he’d hear Vegeta NOT peeing for minutes on end, and start thinking he had something wrong with him, start thinking he was weak and broken and incompetent.

Vegeta looked from the door to Irico then back again, repeating the action a few times. Sweat dribbled down the back of his neck, his heart got louder in his ears, as did the ringing. He could just hold it until Irico went to bed for the night. He’d done similar things plenty of times before. He COULD manage that. He’d pee after Irico went to sleep, and then get up early in the morning so he could go again before Irico was awake. That was a tried and tested system he’d used over and over to deal with his Problem.

But, it would be running away.

There WAS another option, and Vegeta could only truly lose by not even trying.

He swallowed again, his throat dry and scratchy— Insultingly so, considering the weight of his need in his bladder.

He’d sort of tried to explain EVERYTHING to Esca, and it had been okay…

“Vegeta?” Irico asked. “What’s—“

“Well, that’s… Um…” Vegeta shifted his weight, purely out of nervousness, but given the topic of their conversation he knew it made him appear more full and needy. Heat scorched his face. “Do you have to sit right there? The ship’s on course now, correct? You wouldn’t need to adjust anything for a while?”

“I don’t think so,” Irico said. “Why?”

“It’s utterly asinine, but…” the sweat trailing down Vegeta’s back dropped a few hundred degrees. “… My body has… This… Thing—“

“The toilet on this ship is very similar to the ones found on Earth,” Irico said. “I know some planets have restrooms that aren’t well suited to your anatomy, but that won’t be an issue h—“

“That’s not the concern, I— I have this bullshit medical condition,” Vegeta said. It was a medical condition. He HAD to emphasize that part, not even just to Irico, but to himself.

‘Medical? Like sickness? But then, that would mean it isn’t Vegeta’s fault…’

It wasn’t his fault that it existed, it was just his responsibility to kill it. What he was doing now was attacking it, weakening it. “It’s stupid, and it… It basically just makes me too tense to… Um… Relieve myself around others. If they can hear, or… Or see…”

“… So, you just want me to go to another room?” Irico gathered.

“That, yes.”

“Alright, then. Should have just said so,” Irico stood from his seat and walked off.

It had seriously been THAT simple.

No taunting. No ‘What? I thought you were supposed to be one of the strongest people in the universe! How could THAT be so hard for you?’ Nothing!

Apart from Frieza and Yamcha, Vegeta had ONLY received understanding reactions, even from people he barely knew like Esca and Irico.

It was okay to explain this to people. It was EASIER if he explained this to people. The Problem got weaker when he explained it to people.

The trip to Yardrat wasn’t that bad. Irico knew to leave Vegeta alone, so Vegeta was left alone. He didn’t have to torture himself. He didn’t have to suffer in pain.

Vegeta reached Yardrat, but learned that the creatures there didn’t have a huge variety of techniques like he’d assumed. Instead, they were devoted to ‘spirit control’, which they explained was another word for ‘chi’.

Chi control, right. That was what Whis had been trying to teach Vegeta, what Vegeta had always struggled with, the source of most of his problems. From his panic attacks to his pissing issue, his energy constantly going ballistic was the cause.

“Instant transmission,” the Yardratian listed. “Making copies, gigantification… These are achieved by shifting, splitting and growing one’s very spirit. Everyone on Yardrat can do these things. Study how the spirit functions and the path will open to you as well.”

Vegeta would give ANYTHING to be able to tamp down his wild chi, to have it stop exploding on him all the time, to file off the ragged edges… “Very well. Teach me this so-called ‘spirit control.’”

What followed were some of the hardest things Vegeta had ever done. First of all, he was forced to wear the most ridiculous fucking outfit that had EVER tainted his skin. It was worse than any of the Earth clothing Bulma had foisted on him. The worst part was the frilly, puffy collar. It looked awful, for one, and it just felt WEIRD around his neck, scratchy yet also ticklish. He’d protested against wearing it, but the Yardratians insisted it was required, and that they’d forced the awful garments on Kakarot as well.

Then, he was expected to balance himself on a high pole and just… Meditate. For days! Whenever he asked how much longer he had to continue, the Yardratians told him how unstable his spirit was, that he had to balance both his brain and his body before he learned anything else. It was maddening. He was supposed to clear his mind! He had NEVER done that ONCE in all the time he’d been alive! He didn’t think it was even fucking possible!

How was that supposed to work?! How was he supposed to just… Not think about anything?! He understood how KAKAROT could do it, that fool’s head had to be totally empty at least a quarter of the time, but Vegeta’s brain was always chattering away. He couldn’t even just tell himself to STOP thinking, because THAT was a thought in and of itself. It was a fucking paradox!

Balancing his body was hard too. The top of the pole was thin and narrow, and if he didn’t center his weight PERFECTLY he would start to sway. Keeping himself in place required concentration, which led to THINKING, the thing that he was supposed to be trying NOT to do!

Only one thing had been EASY the last few days and, stunningly, that thing was relieving himself. It only took a little while to work out a system to deal with that.

The Yardratians, like Namekians, didn’t urinate. They got rid of all their excess fluids and nutrients through their sweat, which explained why it was so easy for THEM to meditate on top of those poles for so damn long.

Their planet, naturally, didn’t have any restrooms. Thankfully, since Kakarot had already spent so much time on this planet, the Yardratians already knew of Saiyan bodily needs. Vegeta didn’t have to try explaining the embarrassing function to them. But, he was reluctant to ask them what he was supposed to do when he had to go, and explain his unique difficulties with doing so.

He had to eventually, though. Hours and hours into that first day, Vegeta began to lose his balance on the pole FAR more frequently than he had been earlier. He couldn’t keep his weight centered when the pressure in his tip kept urging him to fidget, fan his legs up and down, and lean back. This didn’t escape notice. “You must focus,” one of the Yardratians scolded him. “Your balance is disrupted again.”

“Ugh…” he groaned.

“You can’t be tired already.”

“I’m not,” Vegeta said. How was he supposed to hold it on top of this thing? He couldn’t even tense up his thighs without slipping…

“Oh, you’re making the same face Goku did when his water wanted to come out,” the Yardratian said.

Vegeta was NOT making Kakarot’s ridiculous, scrunched up ‘I gotta pee!’ face! He was just grimacing! Like always!

“We didn’t know what was bothering him at first, he just made weird faces and couldn’t stay in place,” the Yardratian continued. “But then the water came out in his clothes and his face got very red, and he told us he needed to let water out sometimes, but he didn’t want to mess up his training. We’d told him he wasn’t supposed to stop meditating or come down until he had achieved perfect balance.”

Vegeta was not surprised that Kakarot had been so focused on following these creatures’ directions EXACTLY that he’d had an accident. He was a LITTLE surprised that Kakarot had actually been embarrassed about it, though.

“We didn’t realize Saiyans had to do that,” the Yardratian explained. “But, it made a mess and he seemed upset about it. So, we told him he can stand up and let out the water when he has to. You can do the same.”

“Stand up and… Let out the…” Vegeta cringed. “R—Right here?”

“Yes, that is how Goku did it.”

Of COURSE that was what Kakarot had done… Vegeta could easily picture the idiot standing right up, whipping it out, and pissing right off the stupid pole, not caring that the Yardratians were there, seeing it all happen. That was not an option for Vegeta, so he concentrated on trying to hold his bladder and remain balanced at the same time. The whole ‘clearing his mind’ thing went completely out the window. His brain wouldn’t shut up, mostly shouting at him that he really, really had to go and that he needed to knock it off with all of the twitching so that he didn’t fall.

“Vegeta, it’s okay,” the Yardratian said. “You should let the water out so that you can concentrate.”

“I…” Vegeta gritted his teeth, clamping his eyes closed. He’d gotten almost nothing but understanding reactions so far… “I… Um… I can’t… Not… Not in front of you.”

“Huh? Why not? Goku never mentioned it was supposed to be done in private…”

Ugh, yeah, that sounded like Kakarot… “It IS,” Vegeta said. “Kakarot is just… A moron. But, I… I don’t do… THAT in front of people.”

“I can shut my eyes, is that—“

“N—Not enough. I need… I need to be on my own. I have—“ Vegeta took a few shaky breaths. “A medica—“

“Alright,” the Yardratian looked around, then pointed off in the distance. “We don’t have any of those… ‘Toilet’ things Goku mentioned, but you can go to the forest where it’s more private, if you want. Just make sure you only do it when it’s really necessary, so you’re not leaving too often.”

Vegeta hadn’t even NEEDED to explain all of it! Just saying that he cared more about his privacy than Kakarot did had been enough, all on its own! He hadn’t NEEDED to tell anyone that his body was stubborn, disobedient and enslaved by his anxiety. “R—Right… I’ll… I’ll be back in a moment, then.”

After that, it was easy. When his discomfort became too great for him to block out, he only had to mumble to the Yardratians that he needed to ‘take care of personal matters’, and fly off to the forest. None of them embarrassed him over it. None of them even realized he had anything to be embarrassed about.

He eventually achieved the ‘balance’ the Yardratians wanted, so they began teaching him their techniques. They were interrupted when several of the criminals Moro had set free attacked the planet. Vegeta was able to defeat them with an ease that shocked even him— Somehow, balancing on that stupid pole and trying to make his annoying brain shut up had actually made him a LOT stronger. But, he also learned from one of them that Moro had set his sights on Earth.

Vegeta had to complete his training soon if he wanted any chance of stopping him.

Mastering a technique that should have been capable of ending Moro’s life took time, but Vegeta managed it. Getting to Earth, however, was even harder. It would take ten days to reach Earth via space-ship, and the Yardratians were unable to sense Kakarot’s chi, so they couldn’t teleport Vegeta to him, either. Vegeta had to learn Instant Transmission, and he had to do it quickly.

The first several times, he tried latching onto Moro’s chi. It made sense. Moro’s energy was huge, thanks to everything he had absorbed. It was the EASIEST for Vegeta to pick up on, and it would bring him directly to the battle. But, it just wouldn’t work! He was able to teleport… Sort of. He was able to transport himself just a few yards away from his starting position. Over and over and over again. He was NOT able to travel the distance to Earth.

He gritted his teeth in frustration. Mastering this technique would be amazing. He would be able to use it for so many things! He’d be able to reach Kakarot immediately whenever he was in the mood to fight. He’d be able to get to Bulla right away whenever she cried. He’d be able to… Go home whenever he really, really had to, even if Kakarot wasn’t around to take him there.

But, even if he didn’t master it, even if he could only pull this off ONE time and then he was never able to do it again, he would be fine with that! He just had to get to Earth. He could sense that Kakarot was losing now. His chi was flickering and fading, he was in danger, he was hurt—

“I have a feeling I can pull this off,” Vegeta murmured to the Yardratians. “I appreciate everything.”

Vegeta switched his focus away from Moro, and onto Kakarot. Kakarot’s soothing energy, the reassurance of Kakarot’s presence, it was growing weaker… His Kakarot… His Kakarot… He imagined nothing but Kakarot’s stupid grin and annoying laugh, his ridiculous statements and aggravating behavior. His Kakarot…

He felt his body starting to move as the world swirled around him, a pressure building on all sides, just like what he felt whenever Kakarot did this. It was working…

“V—Vegeta!” Kakarot’s voice exclaimed.

Vegeta couldn’t help but smirk at the shock in Kakarot’s tone, his rival doubtless had never imagined that he’d use this technique himself. “Hello, Kakarot.” He turned. Kakarot was battered and injured, but he wasn’t AS bad off as Vegeta had feared.

Not that he’d been worried.

&&

&&

