My Lide as a teenage bedwetter

Aurhos: SashaButters

*004*2015-09-03 19:51

When I woke up the next day I was shaking all over and felt like I had just got run over. I made an effort to lift my head up and see what time it was. 1pm.

I don’t think my mom noticed my little accident, or any of the others from these past two weeks.

I look around to make sure she’s not around. I grab one of my blankets and keep it tightly around my waist and wobble over to the door, close and lock it.

Thankfully I’ve been keeping towels under my sheets, so my mattress was okay. I grab the dirty sheets and stuff them under my bed, with some of the others. This is getting embarrassing. No, embarrassing would be just once, but after the fifth or sixth time, it’s just sick and wrong.

I change into some sweat pants, throw the rest of the evidence with the others, grab the air freshener and spray around the room. I’ve almost used a whole bottle in two weeks. Believe me I never normally have this problem. It’s only been happening when I have these nightmares.

Thankfully no one has figured it out yet, although I’m sure my moms wondering why all of the sheets are disappearing.

Okay, so I lied…a little. I do have something to hide under my bed. About half the households bedding , that’s what.

As soon as I feel better I swear I’ll do some laundry. I better do some soon; I’m running out of places to stash the evidence. Great I say to myself as I open the door and crawl back into bed. My life as a 15 year old bed wetter.

As soon as my head hits the pillow I instantly fall back asleep.

When I awake again, my mom is in to check up on me. She says I’ve been asleep all day, and that it’s already 5PM.

She takes my temperature again, it’s down to 102.4 but it’s still high. She feels my skin and tells me I’m dehydrated. Hmm, I wonder why… I feel a little bit better and am able to sit up without getting as dizzy.

For the first time I think about what I dreamed the night before. It sends chills up my back. It was so real. I pictured Allison lying on the ground, and the look on her face, I couldn’t get her face out of my head.

I remember her being asked a question, but I can’t remember. I begin to feel tired again and I lay my head back down on the pillow.

The words suddenly made sense and the question fully formed in my head.

“Do you believe in God?” was the question and Allison said yes. I passed out again. I finally had a dreamless, peaceful, dry nights sleep.

I wake to my mother calling my name again. She’s leaning over me with a cold wet wash cloth, which she places on my throbbing face. My temperature has risen again to 104.8 Fahrenheit and I feel like I’m on fire.

“I called your dad; he is coming to take you to the hospital.” She says. Whoa, I must really look like crap. She refuses to talk to my dad; I’m always the one who has to talk to him.

All I know is that I feel like crap. I’m shaking hard, and my head is throbbing. I have no idea what in the world is going on, but I don’t really care right now. I just want to go back to sleep.

Next thing I know, my dad’s in the room. He takes one look at me and jumps back. Once he gets over at how bad I look, he comes over and asks how I’m doing. I really can’t talk; I can’t even lift my head off my pillow without the room starting to spin. I grunt to let him know that I’m alive.

“What’s her temperature?” He asks my mom.

“It was a high 104 an hour ago, let me take it again.” She says as she sticks the cold thermometer in my ear. 105.3

My mom starts to pace, while my dad waves his hand through his hair, or what’s left of it anyway.

“Can you get up?” my mom asks me. I fight to get my head off my pillow, but instantly let it fall back as everything spins. I shake my head.

My dad comes up and in one motion picks me and my sheets up. There glued to my body with sweat. Thankfully that’s all.

My head rolls over onto his shoulder as he carries me down the stairs and lays me back down in the back seat of his car; my mom watching nervously behind us. They both pile into the front seats.

I notice all the sweat on my dads’ shirt from where my head had been. He’s probably grossed out, and never plans to wear that shirt again.

It was weird seeing both of my parents together in the same car, let alone sitting next to each other. It was the quietest car ride I’ve ever been in.

By the time we got to the hospital I was completely passed out in the back seat. They must have carried me in there because the next thing I remember is them trying to sit me up in a chair. Being that I wasn’t all there, I instantly start falling forward out of the chair. My mom runs up and pushes me back in and holds me there. I don’t think my dad has any interest in touching me anymore, so he sits down and lets my mom do it. At this point I don’t thing I’ve ever felt worse then I do right now. I start to drift back to sleep as I listen to the clock tick.

I let my head rest on the chair next to me as I gaze over at the other people in the room. A nine year old boy holding an ice pack to his foot, probably from soccer practice or something, and a big boned lady which I could only assume was his soccer mom in the seat next to him yapping away on her cell phone. I didn’t really care to hear anymore of her conversation about what the girl at the office called her yesterday to whoever had the displeasure of being on the other end of the phone, so I rolled over and faced the other way, didn’t really like that either, so I finally settled for facing the receptionist before falling back asleep.

My mom leaves to go talk to the lady at the front desk. Sometime later, my name is called by one of the nurses. My dad picks me up again and follows the nurse into one of the rooms where he lays me down on the table. My mom comes in shortly after and sits in a chair.

The lady we followed starts digging through the drawers and pulls out a thermometer. She sticks it in my mouth and it digs in under my tongue.

I really hate those tongue ones. Not only do they poke you for a full thirty seconds of discomfort, Alex has also scarred me for life with those.

When I was about the age of seven or eight, I caught the flu that was going around. Alex, being the evil older brother he is, thought it would be funny to tease me while I was sick. After having rummaged through the drawer for the thermometer and sticking it in my mouth, he pleasantly walked in and started laughing. Me not knowing any better, threatened to hit him if he didn’t tell me what he thought was so funny. He then happily informed me that that I just stuck the rectal thermometer my mouth. Me being old enough to know what a rectal thermometer was, but young enough not to know any better started freaking out, until my mom came in and reassured me that it really was the tongue one. Ever since then I have despised anything that took my temperature that wasn’t inserted in the ear.

Oh I got him back though, for the next couple days, whenever he put his drink on the counter I would take a swig while he wasn’t looking. Yeah, he got the flu right along with me. Hehe, chemical warfare.

Thankful for when it finally beeps, she takes it out and looks at it, then writes something down on her clip board.

She leaves saying that the doctor will see me shortly. I know better then to believe her, it’s the emergency room, and nothing’s a short wait. Well for me it was, I fell asleep, and instantly saw the doctor come in and try to wake me up. Why can’t you people let me sleep?

He tells me I can sleep all I want when I get home, but for now he needs me awake.

“Can you sit up?” he asks. “I need to feel your glands.” I sit up with difficulty and wait for the spinning to stop. I cling tightly to the sheet wrapped around me for support. His hands feel like ice as he feels around my throat.

He reads the chart he brought in with him and informs my parents that I have a 105.4 fever and swollen lymph glands, whatever those are.

“It’s a viral infection, and there’s nothing we can really do for it. You just have to wait for it to pass as miserable as it might seem, although we do need to do something about the fever.”

I lie back down and let them talk not really caring about what’s going on until one word catches my ear. Shot.

This really isn’t my day, first this and now he wants to stick me with a needle. I hate needles!

“Okay, it’s just a little shot.” I tell myself, until he comes back with it, and I see the size of it. That is, was, and will ever be the biggest needle I ever have, or will ever see.

I give a quick glare toward my parents as he approaches me with an alcohol soaked cotton ball. If I wasn’t so sick, every nurse in a ten mile radius would be holding me down right now. I guess having a 105 fever takes the fight out of people, because nothing but that could get me to agree to them sticking THAT into my arm…at least I hope that’s where he’s planning on putting it.

“It’ll only hurt for a second.” He tells me.

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I’m back in my bed, and my mom is bringing me some Advil. No, not for my fever, it’s for my ass.

Why are all doctors such liars?

My right buttcheek is painfully throbbing and is slightly swollen. Not to mention the purple and green 2 inch bruise all around the puncture wound and to top it all off, I didn’t even get a sucker. Last time I got a shot I got one, although I was also only seven. I guess you’re disqualified after you're ten or something.

At least my fever broke. I have never sweat so much in my life, must have lost at least five pounds; half of it being on my dad from having to carry me around.

He left a half hour ago claiming he was in desperate need of a shower. Oops...

Good news is I’m not contagious so Al is coming over to visit me. For the first time in two days, I’ve finally gotten out of bed.

After I took some more medicine I convinced my mom that I felt much better and that she doesn’t have to stay home with me.She’s thankfully out at the grocery store, which gives me a chance to do some laundry.

I went into my moms’ room, grabbed the hamper, and went through all the stuff under my bed, the stuff I didn’t tell you about.

Making sure Alex didn’t sneak in first, I check around the house and in his room. He’s not there. My mom probably told him I was sick, so he’s probably going to avoid me like the plague.I don’t mind this due to the fact that when we were little whenever I was sick, he would read to me out loud from the TV and microwave manuals to make me “feel better”. For this reason and this reason alone, I would never, ever pretend to be sick.

I grabbed the laundry basket and snuck down to the basement to wash them. Being that I have no clue on earth how to do this, it took me longer then I thought. I have learned this though. Don’t mix red pajamas with white sheets. White sheets no more. Oh well, I think they look better pink anyway.

I managed to get all the clothes back in my room, and the sheets back under my bed. My mom won’t be too happy when she realizes I turned a bunch of our sheets pink.

The door bell rings and there is Allison with homework for me… great.

“Hey, heard you were really sick?” she says, staying at least three feet away from me.

“Oh, yeah, I had a 105 fever.” I say, taking a step closer.

“Ouch. You’re okay now though right?” she takes a step closer to the door.

“Yeah I’m better, but I now passionately hate doctors. Look what he did to my ass! “ I say pretending to bend over while Allison probably begins wondering why she's even friends with me. "Oh well, least I’m not sick anymore. Let’s go up to my room.” I say, motioning with my arm up to the stairs.

“Oh, great. Germ land.” She says sarcastically.

“You’ll live. Don’t worry I washed all my bedding.”

“Sure you did.” I pulled one of the pink sheets out from under my bed to show her which quickly convinced her.

“Okay, I believe you. Only you could do something like that. Wait... Why did you do that?”

“What do you mean?” I ask as I watch her hesitantly walk in.

“Why would you do your own laundry? You never do it, AND after being sick.” She looks at me suspiciously. “What are you trying to cover up?”

“Nothing. I’m not hiding anything.” I get those chills. That kind where you're hiding something and just got caught kind.

“Sure. Did you spill some of that food are you’re always sneaking up?” She says sarcastically. I give her the look. The drop it look. “Oh. Right, that. I get really embarrassed when I get blood on my sheets too.”

Yes! She thinks it’s that, close call. I wait a few seconds for the color to come back to my face before answering.

“Yeah, I hate those surprises.” I say. “So did I miss anything at school?”

“Not really. Jamie says he missed you at math. He stopped by at our table at lunch for a couple minutes. Him and those other guys he always hangs out with, the one with the glasses and cow licked hair, and the really small one, the one they call ant.”

“Oh, Anthony. Yeah, they’re pretty weird." If you can believe it, even weirder than us. Jamie was one of my guy friends, well okay, my only guy friend. The only guy that isn’t afraid I’d kick him in the balls or something. We’ve been friends since 6th grade. I’ve secretly had a crush on him for half that time, but being that he is male, he is oblivious to this.

“Hey! Maybe one of them gave you the locker present.” I say pushing the power button on the computer with my toes.

“So are you excited about the weekend?” Al says, ignoring my question.

Excited? I was dreading it. Two nights in a cabin full of other people sleeping on bunk beds. If I had another nightmare while I was there… I couldn’t even think of what would happen, if that happened. Maybe I can just ask my Biology teacher tomorrow if I can be excused from going. I can always just say I’m still not feeling well.

“Can’t wait.” I mumble back as I plop down on my bed after checking my e-mail, which, of course, was pointless. “I had a scary dream about you the other night.”

“Oh, about what?”

“Well, I was at school, and I was going over to your locker. For some reason I was really scared. Well anyway, I go over to your locker to find you, but there was a guy standing next to you pointing a gun at your head. I have no idea if he worked at our school, was some random parent, or what. He asks you a question, but I couldn’t figure out it at first. You answer “yes” and he kills you. It seemed so real and it was so gory. Like something out of one of the twenty-five Halloween movies.”

“That’s creepy. Why do I have to be the one to die in your dreams? Why isn’t Jaclyn getting her brains blown out with me?”

“Because you’re the one who believes in God.”

“What?” she asks sitting up.

“The question he asked you was if you believe in God, and you said yes.” I say up to the ceiling.

“Oh, wow. What else happened?”

“After that is when I woke up sick. I felt like I was falling and I woke up with my mom looking at me like I was half- crazy. She said I was yelling in my sleep.”

“Yeah, you do talk a lot in your sleep.” I just wish that was the only thing I did in my sleep nowadays.

“The weird part is that isn’t the first time I’ve had that dream. I’ve had it three other times already, and every time I have it there’s a little bit more happening.”

“That’s freaky, so how’s about keeping me alive in your dreams?” she says, getting up and browsing through my overflowing book case.

“Ha, yeah I wish I could.” Really, she has no idea how much I wish I could.

“What happened last time you had the dream?” she asks while picking one of the many books off the floor and reading the back cover.

“Well the same thing except, I hadn’t gotten to you yet, the last thing I remember in the other one was I turned the corner and saw something. I couldn’t remember what I saw when I woke up. I’m guessing it was you that I saw.” I say, still having a staring contest with the ceiling.

“Interesting…” I look over to see what she’s talking about, me or the book, which happened to be quite a weird one. The book I mean, not me, although sometimes I too can be a weird one.

“Hey Al?”

“Yeah, what’s up?” she asks, looking up from my mini library of teen fiction.

“You wouldn’t really say yes would you?” There was a long pause. “Al?” I look up at her; she seems to be lost in thought. I lay back down and waited for an answer.

“Yeah, I would.” A million thoughts go through my head, and so do a million words to call her. I keep them to myself; she’s my best friend, if she wants to believe in it, then fine. I just wish she wouldn’t be willing to throw her life out for it. I settle for a simple explanation.

“Why would you say yes?” I ask, tearing my eyes away from the ceiling.

“Because I do believe in God.” She says, attempting to find somewhere to put the book in her hands away, but then just settles for the floor with everything else.

“Well yes, I know you do, but why are you willing to throw your life away for it? It’s just a religion.”

“I’m not religious. I believe in God, that He sent His son to die for me and that He rose on the third day. That’s it.” That's what Al said, but all I heard was "Wah Wah Wah Wah, Blah Blah Blah" Like one of those teachers off Charlie Brown. When Al starts getting preachy, ANYTHING is more interesting to me than listening to her.

“Sounds like a religion to me.” It was weird to see Allison serious about something. Usually the best way to describe her is A.D.H.D on steroids. She is the most energetic person I have ever met and probably will ever meet. To see her stand there and be serious for a change was starting to freak me out. “Let’s get something to eat, I’m starving.” I say In an attempt to change the subject.

*007*2015-09-04 19:24

Thanks :) this was the first thing I ever wrote. Before I knew omo was actually a thing, I just knew I was...interested in this topic .

I was home schooled at the time because of my health for my sophomore year so I had wayyy too much free time on hands, I was just like... I've never written before but I'm going to write a book!

*009*2015-09-05 01:52

It’s the next morning; I say good-bye to my mom and head out the door. The closer I get to school the more I get chills running up and down my back. I feel scared for some reason. I get closer with every foot step, butterflies fluttering around in my stomach. I start to get nervous. I go forward anyway.

The hairs on the back of my neck start to stick up. Something’s seriously wrong. My feet take me to mine and Al’s spot behind the school. My heart is beating faster and faster the closer I get. I’m at the turn and I stop. I wipe my clammy hands on my pants. What am I so afraid of? I’ll turn the corner and see Al there smiling when she sees me, then we will hang out like we always do.

There’s nothing to be afraid of.

I turn the corner and see Al, but she’s not smiling, not even close. She’s not even alone.

There beside her, a man with a hand gun squeezed tightly between his fingers. I follow his hand with my eyes to see where it’s going, straight at Al’s head. His finger rested on the trigger. My brain shuts down; I stand there staring at the two of them. A bead of sweat forms in my hair and slowly makes its way down my face.

Al looks up, tears and streams of sweat sliding down her pale, white face. I find my voice and scream Als name. The man looks up at me, his eyes bore into mine. They seem so hollow, so lifeless.

He turns his attention back to Allison, and asks her a question. It’s a simple yes or no question.

“Do you believe in God?” he asks in a commanding voice. I stare at Allison. Please say no. Please.

“Yes. I do.” She responds, no fear present in her voice. My eyes lock in to what’s happening, unable to steer them away. There is an ear shattering sound of a gun blast, and I see Allison fall to the ground. The blood seeping from her head, forming a small black puddle. Her blank stare looking right at me, her green eyes digging straight into mine. A mixture of sweat and tears fall from my face.

He looks up at me. He comes closer. My heart feels as if it will pop right out. He comes right into my face.

“So what is your answer?” he demands with the same forceful voice.

“No.” I say barley audible.

“Good answer.” He says. “But now that you know it’s me, I can’t let you go.”

I start shaking as I try not to throw up. He raises his arm and I fall, down and down. I hear a voice again, “You should go to the bathroom before bed.”

“Katie.” I hear a female voice call out my name. “Katie.” I hear it again, not quite sure where it’s coming from. “Katie, wake up.”

I realize that I’m back in my room, and my mom is trying to wake me up for school. I rub my eyes and find them wet. I figure I was crying. To my displeasure I realize my eyes aren’t the only things wet.

I look up and see my mom waiting for me to wake up.

I don’t understand, I did go to the bathroom before bed. Apparently that’s not the only time I went.

“I’m awake.” I grunt up at her. That doesn’t seem to convince her much so I sit up careful to keep the blankets tightly covering my lap. It seems to convince her a little more.

“Hurry up and get dressed, it’s already past seven.”

Me being a prisoner to my own bed can’t do this until she leaves. I fake the appearance of getting up, which to my relief pleases her enough to leave, with of course the door wide open.I wrap my blanket around my waist and make a run for the door and close it. I better be able to get out of this trip or I’m screwed.

I stash away the mess, do a quick sheet change, get dressed, and spray the area with air freshener. I run downstairs, grab a pop tart and head out the door.

Okay, Allison is spending the night tonight. Absolutely no liquids! I don’t know what I’d do if she or Jaclyn found out. This is embarrassing enough with out any one knowing. To top it all off, how am I going to get away with it during a weekend with all the girls in my class? Al is smart, and could probably think of something, but I don’t have the heart to tell her. I’ll just fake sick and I’ll have nothing to worry about.

When I got to school I go meet Al like always. Just Al. She takes one look at me, and gets on my case.

“What’s wrong?” she asks. “You look freaked about something.”

“I’m fine.” I lie as I try to lighten up. “Jeez you’re already packed?” I ask pointing at her duffel bag sitting up against the wall.

“Well yeah, my mom’s leaving this afternoon; I’m going to your place right after school.” Al says while she searches her locker for any more mystery gifts.

“Oh, right. I haven’t even started packing.” And if I can help it, I don’t plan on it either.

“Once the biology part’s over with, we’ll be free to do whatever. That’ll be fun.” Normally I would be just as excited about it as she is, but giving the circumstances I’d like nothing better then to stay home. I go along with her and pretend to be excited.

“Well, I might not go; I’m still feeling kind of… bleh.” I say, faking a cough for emphasis. She gives me the yeah-I-don’t-believe-that–for-a-second-look.

“Yeah, you weren’t even sick with a cough. All you had was a fever.” She says a slight hint of disappointment in her voice after finding no trace of secret gifts or letters.

“Well fine, then maybe I still feel a bit feverish.” I say as I look for a place to sit without squashing a million ants in the process.

“Oh please, it won’t be that bad, sure we may have to walk around all day looking at flies and weeds, but we will get nights to hang out and stuff. It won’t be so bad.” Yeah well, you’re not the one with the body that’s acting like a five year old.

Hey, maybe this is normal. Life is on this cycle nobody wants to admit. Once you hit 15 or 16 your body recycles and you start acting five until you hit mid twenties. That would explain why some teenagers are so immature. Then it happens again in your 40’s, but nobody will admit it, so they slap it with the label of “Mid Life Crisis.” And by the time it happens again, you’re just too old to care.

Hey. I can dream.

Once first period ends I approach the Mr. Lenords’ desk.

“Can I help you with something, Katie?” he asks.

“Yeah, actually there is. I’d like to be excused-“I begin to say, but am cut off mid-sentence.

“Katie, if it’s about the trip, I don’t want to hear about it, you’re going. You’re not the first person to come up and ask me to be excused from going.” He says with a bored voice.

I’m dead. I am so dead.

On my way to World History I passed Assyla. She was looking abnormally happy for some reason, and when she saw me, she gave me this really creepy smile. It’s almost like she knows something… I’m being really paranoid now, I know.

The rest of the day went okay, I’m really behind with school work, but what else is new?

The nice part was when I went to gym. It’s Friday, so we usually have to run the mile, but when she asked why I haven’t been at school, she excused me from running. Yes!

I got to sit on a bench for 45 minutes and watch all the sweaty, red faced kids go by as they all stare jealously at me. I noticed that she came nowhere near me the entire time. Oh well, I took the extra time to catch up on homework and think.

I know it was just a dream, but I don’t think I’ve ever had a dream that clearly before. Usually when I dream I will only remember tiny bits and pieces, but with these dreams I remember every tiny detail and emotion. Maybe I’m just making a big deal out of nothing; maybe this is just my bodies’ way of getting me to lay off all the caffeine.

I’m just about to go to my last period when I run into Assyla. She’s doing her usual routine about me, and I place my fist into her in the usual spot in her stomach where my dad showed me.

Since my parents have divorced, my dad has nothing holding him back from showing me his favorite fighting moves on the count that my mom isn’t in the picture from keeping him from doing so. It really has come in handy though. Except right now for instance I forgot to look for passing teachers first and got busted mid punch. I got a detention. Thankfully that’s all. At least Assyla got one too, for provoking me in the first place.

I kind of wish she didn’t though, now I have to spend an extra hour with her.

By the time my last period finished I was exhausted, but I figured I could sleep when I got to detention, like I usually do when I’m in detention. Which is about, every three days.

Assyla was already there, so I take the seat farthest away from her as I can. This is difficult being that she purposely chose the seat in the middle so she could harass me.

At this point I really don’t care, besides there’s some other people in here I can hide behind. I rest my head on the desk for a few minutes.

I jump up realizing that Al is waiting for me, and that I forgot to tell her that I’ll be in detention. I ran out before the person in charge (who happens to be my World History teacher) got a chance in telling me to sit back down.

I figure she’s by her locker. The closer I get the more chills I get running up and down my back. I start to sweat, and my hands become wet and slippery. I feel my lunch start creeping back through my esophagus. I can’t decide if it’s from being scared, or from the cafeteria food. I figure it’s a little bit of both.

My heart starts to race as I get closer. My worst fears coming alive as I turn the corner to find Al in the presence of HIM. He holds the gun at her head. I notice a tattoo of a snake on his left arm.

I stand there staring at the two of them. A bead of sweat forms in my hair and slowly makes its way down my face.

Al looks up, tears and streams of sweat sliding down her pale, white face. I find my voice and scream Als name. The bald man looks up at me, his eyes bore into mine. He turns his attention back to Allison, and asks her a question. It’s a simple yes or no question.

“Do you believe in God?” he asks in a commanding voice. I stare at Allison. Please say no. Please.

“Yes. I do.” She responds, no fear present in her voice. My eyes lock in to what’s happening, unable to steer them away. There is an ear shattering sound of a gun blast, and I see Allison fall to the ground. The blood seeping from her head, forming a small black puddle. Her blank stare looking right at me, her green eyes digging straight into mine. A mixture of sweat and tears fall from my face.

He looks up at me. He comes closer. My heart feels as if it will pop right out. He comes right into my face.

“So what is your answer?” he demands with the same forceful voice.

“No.” I squeak.

“Good answer.” He says. “But now that you know who I am, I can’t let you go.”

I start shaking as I try not to throw up. I try to think of what my dad told me about what to do if someone comes up, but I can’t remember. All I see is a gun coming toward me, its owners arm lifting, and then darkness but the last thing I remember seeing was Alyssa standing there, but for once, after seeing me get hurt, she wasn’t smiling.

I’m falling. I continue to fall, I feel myself hit something hard. Something cold.

“Katie! Katie?” I hear a voice yell.

“I’m sorry!” I scream at the top of my lungs. “I should have listened to Allison. Give me another chance! I’ll make things right I promise!”

“Katie?” It yells again. A male voice. A person! I feel a hand touch me and I jolt awake, shaking harder then I ever have. A dream! I can’t believe it! It was only a dream! A second chance! I have never been so grateful in my life. Life! I’m still alive!

I open my eyes, I’m in a classroom? What am I doing in a classroom? Detention. I’m still in detention! I’ve never felt so happy to be in detention.

I look up and see HIM. The guy from my nightmares. And he’s touching me. I scream at the top of my lungs and kick, but he’s pinning me down. I fight to get free and call him every possible thing that comes to mind. I end up getting an arm free and sending my fist into his face. He lets go and steps back and clutches his face. Someone else steps up and pins me down.

I yell at the first guy with all my might. “How could you kill her?! How could you kill Allison?! What did she ever do?!”

“Katie!” someone calls. I look over and face the person who was holding me down. I recognize him from World History; he sits three chairs away from me. “It’s okay.” He continues, trying desperately to calm me down. “It was just a dream.”

I look around and realize I’m on the floor. Everyone is gathered around me. Scared looks on their faces, they probably think I was having a seizure.

I feel to dizzy to get up, so I squint because my eyes burn to keep them open. There are tears all over my face, judging by the look on everyone’s face I must have been crying. I must have been crying hard.

I look back over to the guy I thought to be the gunmen, and to my horror, realized he wasn’t. It was just one of the teachers who got stuck in charge of us.

Uh-oh… I just punched my World History teacher.

Yeah, I have a feeling THAT’S going on my permanent record, not to mention the fact that he’s probably going to fail me on purpose now.

Mr. Stinkly, who I just punched in the nose, is on the phone with someone. He’s talking about me.

“I don’t know what’s wrong with her! One minute she was sitting there and the next she was rolling on the floor crying and screaming nonsense!” He sounds angry and scared at the same time. I want to tell him that I’m okay, but I don’t even know myself if that’s true or not.

I guess I should probably apologize first.

He continues to yell at the person at the other end of the phone. “I don’t know how to do that! I’m a history teacher not a paramedic! Just get the school nurse over here now!” He slams the phone down and takes a deep breath. Both of his hands are over his face. “I’m never volunteering for detention again.” He mutters to himself.

Yeah, I don’t blame him. Deranged, psychotic, flailing girls aren’t usually in the job description.

I try to control my breathing, and not sound so much like I’m suffocating, for their sake more so than my own. It’s too late though; I’ve freaked them all out. Beyond freaked is more like it. Nobody says a word, they just stare.

I feel so hot and sticky, so… wet.

The blood rushes out of my face, I slowly shift my legs. Wet.

I slowly move my head, ignoring the throbbing, and look down. Thank God! I was wearing my thick black jeans. The ones my mother dissaproves of so much. No one can see my little accident as long as my jacket keeps me covered. I pull my jacket down some more, just in case.

“Katie, good you’re awake.” says Mr. Stinkly, but everyone refers to him as Mr. Stinky because he has really bad breath. “The school nurse is on her way.” Mr. Stinky announces.

Good, maybe she can check out your nose.

“I’m okay now.” I say as I try to get up. Things begin to feel dizzy and he pushes me back down.

“She says I need to keep you lying down until she gets here.” I don’t argue with him, one of the reasons being that I don’t want him to talk. Seriously man, have a Tic Tac or something, have a whole pack of Tic Tacs. Instead, I just nod and lay my head back down.

“Anything I can do for you?” Mr. Stinky asks. Yeah, there is! Stop talking! I look around and everyone is still looking at me.

“Can you get rid of the kids?” I ask getting annoyed with everyone staring at me like I was some psychopath. Although, if I was acting like I was in that dream, they probably have every right to think so.

“Hey, all of you! Out!” he tells them.

They all eventually leave, moaning and complaining. I’m probably the most interesting thing they’ve ever seen here. It’s not everyday some girl goes mental in detention and socks the person in charge in the face.

“Hey Mr. Stinkly, have you seen Katie anywhere, she was supposed to meet me after school and she never- Katie?”

I look up and see Al. I was wondering if she was looking for me. “Why are you on the floor, are you okay?” she asks coming over.

“Allison, would you mind visiting Katie some other time, now isn’t a good time.” says Mr. Stinky.

“No, its okay, she can stay.” I say, somewhat relieved she’s here. It was getting kind of awkward just the two of us. That and he creeps me out, I thought for sure he was the guy from my nightmare; he just has this…resemblance. But the guy in my nightmare was balder than my dad and he had a tattoo on his left arm.

Mr. Stinky has a full head of brown hair, and doesn’t exactly seem like the tattoo type. I don’t think they hire teachers with tattoos here anyway.

“What happened?” she asks looking down at my blood shot eyes.

“I don’t know, I remember sitting at my desk, then all of a sudden I’m lying on the floor, in front of six people.”

“Lying doesn’t do justice, screaming and rolling around would more likely cover It.” says Mr. Stinky, grimacing as he tries to touch his nose. Rub in the guilt why don’t you.

“What happened to your nose?” Al asks, noticing his scrunched face of pain.

“Your friend here throws quite the punch.” He says, making a poor attempt at hiding the bitterness in his voice. Al shoots me a dirty look.

“You punched him?” Al asks looking at me with bewilderment. One of the kids who were listening outside poked his head in.

“Punched. Ha. We had to hold her down from ripping him apart.” He laughs.

“Leave. Now!” Mr. Stinky says in a bored voice.

“What was I saying?” I ask out of curiosity, and to change the subject before Al rips ME apart.

“Well first, you started fidgeting in your chair. Then that’s when you started screaming. We came over to see what was wrong, and you started crying and begging us not to kill Allison.” Al shoots me another look; I guess I’m going to have to explain later.

“Around this time you just tipped right out of your chair and started flailing around on the floor. We kept calling your name, but you kept on twitching and screaming. Then when we tried to wake you up you screamed something about a second chance, and that you should have listened to Allison about something.” He says, in the same bored voice, continuing touching his nose.

I have to turn my head and roll my eyes. I didn’t even hit him that hard, I was only able to get my left arm free, and I’m right handed. It’s not even close to bleeding.

“Wow, I knew you talked in your sleep, but this?” said Allison with a face full of concern, but also with “You’ve-got-a-lot-of-explaining-to-do.”

The nurse and principal come rushing in with a stretcher.

Oh great. So much for not causing a scene, but I guess it’s a little too late for that.

I try to tell them that I feel better now, but they don’t listen. They talk to Mr. Stinky for a minute about what happened. The principal strokes his beard for a minute, and then tells the nurse to take me to her office for an examination.

Mr. Stinky and the nurse put me the stretcher, and walk me over to the nurse’s station.

When I am evacuated from the room, I am met with a round of applause from the people waiting outside. I guess punching a history teacher is considered cool. The principal shuts them up pretty fast though, by offering them some more detentions.

Damn.

Attracting all the eyes of people walking in that area I close my eyes and pretend to be dead. Al walks along the side of us, giving the eye to whoever comes in for a closer look.

They set me down atop the bed and the nurse shoos out Al and Mr. Stinky.

“Hey, thanks for your help, Mr. Stinky. I’m really sorry about your nose, I didn’t mean to punch you, and I thought you were someone else.” I say, not realizing at first that I said that out loud.

He raises his eyebrows at me, mutters something about how he’s late to meet his brother, turns around then leaves after accepting a bag of ice from the nurse for his nose. The nurse is trying to hold back her laughter and Al is full blown laughing.

Smooth.

She shoos Al out, who is pretty much tearing up at this point from laughing.

“So, would you like to tell me what’s really going on?” she asks me, chomping on some mint smelling gum.

“What do you mean?” I ask, totally not expecting this.

“What really happened earlier?” she asks again. I wish she’d stop staring at me, she’s making me nervous.

“I had a nightmare, no big deal.” I say, totally lying. She grabs a chair and sits down next to me.

“Do you know what R.E.M. sleep is?” she asked me.

“No.”

“It’s what it’s called when the mind is dreaming. I take it that dream you were having wasn’t your average dream.” I nod, wondering how she knows this, well if the whole flailing around hasn’t already given that away. I haven’t exactly seen anyone else collapse during class yet.

“How did you know, minus the whole flailing around on the floor part?” I ask.

“It takes the body an hour of un-interrupted sleep to start the dream cycle, ‘Mr. Stinky’ as you put it, said you only nodded off for a minute or two until you started acting weird. How many times have you had these nightmares?”

“Five or six times at least.” I say, staring at the wall behind her.

“Are they all the same?”

“Kind of, it started off as walking to school with a weird sensation in my stomach, then kept progressing the more nightmares I had.”

“Are they scary?”

“Yes. Somebody Kills Allison and then kills me.” She seems to be thinking, so I let her and just sit there awkwardly until she snaps out of it and asks me another question.

“Do you know the person who does this to you?”

“No, I don’t think I’ve ever seen him before. I thought it was Mr. Stinkly, so that’s kind of the whole thing with me punching him. I guess I was a little disoriented when I woke up.” She nods sympathetically and continues with her interrogation.

Yes! Who knows? I might actually not get in trouble for this! And I can say I slugged a teacher, among the many other people I can say I’ve hit! Sweet!

“Where does this happen?”

“Here.” This seems to startle her. “I was going to go meet Allison at out usual hang out spot, but when I get there, he is with her.”

“Do you think he is a student here?”

“No, he’s a bit older, more like in his early 40’s, late 30’s, but don’t take my word for it, I’m really bad with ages.”

“Does he have anything against you or Allison?”

“I don’t know, He was after Allison because she believed in God, and he killed me because I saw him do it.”

“Do you think Allison is his only intended target?”

“I’m not sure. He didn’t say anything about killing anyone before, or if he had any more targets.” I say, fiddling around with my jacket.

“Isn’t Allison the president of the Bible club here?”

“Yeah, something like that. Do you think it was like a hate crime or something?”

“Maybe.”

“Well it doesn’t really matter.” I say “It was just a dream after all.”

“Do you really believe that, Katie?” I pause for a moment and think. I really thought I was dead; I was shocked when I woke up on the classroom floor.

“I guess not.” I admit, but what else could it be?

“Anything else been happening because of them?” I debate telling her, but who wants to admit something like this? I instinctively pull down my jacket, which she notices. She raises an eyebrow at me, and I look away.

“Would you mind taking off your jacket for me?” she asks. The blood rushes from my face, leaving it pale white, well, more paler than usual, if that’s possible.

“No thanks, it’s kind of cold in here; I’d rather keep it on.” I say, continuing my examination of the floor. This jacket is the only thing from keeping her from seeing the “other thing that’s been happening.” I rather not go there.

“I can turn on the heater for you.” She says, pressing the matter further. Much further from my comfort zone.

“It’s alright; I’d be more comfortable with it on anyway.” I say as I begin counting the tiles on the floor.

“You know if there’s something you want to ask me, I won’t tell anyone, it will stay between us. No matter how embarrassing it might seem.”

“I don’t really have any questions.” I say. I’m such a liar, of course I want to know why this is happening, and I’ve even been looking on-line. But I just can’t seem to find anything.

She seems disappointed in me. Oh well.

“Then why won’t you take your jacket off? Are you trying to hide something?” Of course I’m hiding something, when am I not hiding something?

I know she knows, how, I have no idea, but my guts telling me it’s not a secret anymore. I look down to make sure my jackets still covering, which it is. Then how does she know? Maybe they all noticed when I was flailing around, maybe it wasn’t covered then, and he told her. I fidget uncomfortably at the thought of a group of juvenile delinquents knowing something like that.

The embarrassment of it starts to take hold of me as a tears start to form in my eyes. I slowly sit up and rest my hand on the zipper.

What am I doing? Someone, please stop me! I look up at her one more time.

“Everything will stay between us.” She says reassuring me. The more I pull at the zipper the more tears come out.

Seriously! Now would be a good time!

I take a deep breath and just do it, revealing the wetness in my jeans. She gets up, sits down next to me, and pulls me into a hug. I officially loose it then, and just let myself cry in her arms.

Yeah, pathetic huh? Even for me.

After a few minutes, I try to pull myself back together. I mean, there has to be at least an ounce of dignity in me left over. I mean hey, I’ve got a reputation to protect. I send in a good percentage of work for her, all those bloody noses and black eyes don’t heal themselves.

I hate to know what she’s thinking right now. The weird girl who pees her pants and cries in random peoples arms is the girl who beats everyone up? You’re joking, right?

I wipe my eyes on my sleeve, and zip my jacket back up.

“C’mon, I’ve got some dry clothes in the back you can change into.” She walks into a closet type room, and I silently follow. In a white plastic bucket was a large assortment of different clothes. I figure this must be the lost and found. She says I can pick out whatever I want, that they’ve been here forever and to please get rid of some of it for her. But that there was nothing for me in the line of under wear but a pair of guys boxers. She promises there new, so I take them. Anything’s better than this.

I find a pair of jeans around my size and a nice sweater I couldn’t resist. I quickly change and put my old clothes in a bag and stuff them in my backpack. I come back out, and take a seat back on the bed. She comes back over and sits next to me on the bed. She pulls me into another hug, and tells me it’ll be okay.

“Does it only happen when you have those dreams?” she asks. I nod my head, not really wanting to speak. For some reason I just want to stay there, with her arms wrapped around me. It feels…safe. I finally figure I better ask her.

“What am I going to do, I don’t have any control when I have these dreams, and I’m starting to have them during the day now. I also have to go on a camping trip tomorrow with the tenth grade class for the weekend. My Biology teacher won’t let me out of going. If I have a nightmare while I’m there.” I don’t even imagine what I’d do or what could happen. But she seems to get the picture.

“I know about the trip, and I’m going there as well, nursing duties call I suppose, but you’d think they’d live for two days without me.” She sighs.” Katie, if you ever need to get away from whatever happens, or if you just want to get away, come see me. Same with school, if another episode happens, I’m here for you.” She looks at me, her eyes full of kindness before getting up and reaching in one of the cupboards for something before coming back and handing it to me. My eyes grow wide and I start crying again.

"You don't have too, but it will help hide it."

"I ...am...not...wearing a diaper!" What is she trying to do, throw salt in the wound? Kick me when I'm down?

Maybe this wasn’t such a bad thing, now I have someone to open up to. But let’s just stick to one person. That’s humiliating enough for about… a lifetime perhaps? I'm not adding to it, so I get up and leave, making sure to leave the peace offering behind.

“Thanks, but no thanks” I say. She gives me one more hug, and I leave to find an impatient Allison waiting for me.

“Do you have any idea how long I’ve been out here? Jeez, what did she do to you in there, give you a C.A.T. scan?”

“No, we just talked.” I say, feeling myself begin to space out.

“What meaningful conversation could you possibly have with the school nurse?” she asks, rolling her eyes.

“Speaking of talking, I really need to talk to you when we get back home.”

“About what?”

“Your favorite subject.” I say as a hint of a smile escaping my lips.

