SMG4 omorashi

Author: stephiekitty20

*000*2019-09-27 01:20

SMG4 went to the castle to finish editing a video he needed the week after. he did most of it the last time he was there it just needed an ending. he worked on it for 3 hours when he felt like he had to pee and he did. it was close to being complete so he thought he could hold it. not even an hour later and he really had to go.

SMG4: ok I will be back and my video will be like I left it.

So smg4 got out of the chair as carefully as he could. once he was out of the chair he went to the door and left the room.

SMG4: gotta pee, gotta pee so bad.

SMG4 found a bathroom but it was locked.

SMG4: who is in there?

Mario: I'm taking a spaghetti bath in here smg4!

SMG4 was shocked but this is smg4 Mario we talking about here.

So smg4 went to find another bathroom. he got to the stairs when he realized he might wet himself on the way down. so he walked slowly down the stairs. he walked a bit faster because he didn't want to wet himself. when smg4 got to the first floor of the castle he lied on the floor. starman saw smg4 lying on the floor like someone kicked smg4 in the " spaghetti and meatballs". so starman walked to smg4 to ask him what was wrong.

Starman: hey glitchy are you ok?

SMG4: no Starman I have to pee and Mario is taking a spaghetti bath for some reason. can you help me out?

Starman: sure I will glitchy.

So Starman looked in the supply closet for something smg4 could use like a bucket or something. starman found a pack of adult diapers in the closet. starman had an idea.

Starman: hey glitchy look what I found.

SMG4 looked at starman as he (Starman) had the package.

SMG4: starman you don't mean---

Starman: Yup.

As much as smg4 didn't want to he knew he had no choice so smg4 carefully and quickly took his overalls and his boxers. he then put the diaper on. starman helped him tape it on. when starman did smg4 started peeing into the diaper. smg4 was glad he got the diaper on before he wet himself. smg4 was very relaxed as he emptied his bladder in the diaper he was wearing.

SMG4: ahhhhhhh. that feels soo good.

SMG4 blushed as he was turning the white cotton padding yellow. if he was peeing this much in the diaper, he could only imagine what his overalls would have looked like if he peed in that instead.

Toad was reading when he looked up from his book.

Toad: weirdos.

Toad went back to reading his book.

SMG4 was done peeing at this point. he stood up and picked his overalls up off the floor. he looked down at the diaper and blushed.

Starman: when you gotta go you gotta go.

SMG4: that's true.

*002*2019-10-01 10:23

{{6 hours ago, Nick_Donovan said:

… Well, shit. Now you've got me wanting a story for Axol.

}}

R-really? I bet I can come up with one for you.

*004*2019-10-02 03:03

Of course, I can do it. i'm so up for this. who knows? it be fun. I mean what's the worst that can happen?

*007*2019-10-04 07:53

{{2 hours ago, Nick_Donovan said:

By the way, there's something I kind of want to talk about while we're here.

The reason I was able to submit a video suggestion to SMG4 was because I have a membership with his YouTube channel, and that's one of the perks that comes with it. Another perk we get is sneak peeks at upcoming SMG4 videos on Thursdays: it's Friday, and there's still no sneak peek.

Now, this could easily just mean that there's not a video this week... but here's my counter to that. Back in of August, after the video "The Day SMG4 Posted Cringe" was uploaded, a post was made the next week saying that there would not be a new SMG4 video that week. Nothing like that has been posted on his channel this week, so there's definitely going to be a new episode. Also, there wasn't a sneak peek released for the episode "Mario and the Lost City", but that's because it was a direct continuation of "Treasure Hunt with the Bois". I recently went back to watch the end of the most recent SMG4 episode (which is titled "Mario Waits in Line for Some Spaghetti", in case you're curious) to see if it was setting up for a part 2, but there was no 'To be continued...' splash screen like with "Treasure Hunt with the Bois", so my guess is no.

As for the argument that there may still be a sneak peek uploaded, I've got another rebuttal. The sneak peek for the SMG4 episode "Sans's First Day in Smash Bros" was not uploaded on Thursday morning, which is when I was used to seeing them get uploaded. I e-mailed SMG4 about this pretty much as soon as it turned to the afternoon, and while he did respond, the sneak peek got uploaded almost immediately after. I e-mailed him again about this week's episode's sneak peek, but he didn't respond this time. So I also sent him an e-mail asking if maybe there was a glitch in uploading the sneak peek causing members to not see it... still no response. And like I was saying: if there was a major break in the schedule, I'm pretty sure we'd be informed of it.

With how all of this information lines up, I'm convinced that there's SOME sort of plan here. I think it's possible that the sneak peek HAS been uploaded, but I've been denied access to it because it has some sort of relevance to me. Comments are open on the sneak peeks for other members to discuss what the videos they're tied to could possibly be about, and maybe I'm not allowed that chance because I'd KNOW the subject matter if I saw it and could potentially SPOIL it. For all of these reasons, there's a decent chance that the next SMG4 video could be MY SUGGESTION!... or maybe I'm just being a crazy conspiracist. Who knows?

}}

You're really hopeful he uses your idea, aren't you? but who knows.

*009*2019-10-04 09:15

{{6 minutes ago, Nick_Donovan said:

I WAS a while back, but now, I'm more more neutral on the situation.

To be honest, I more just want closure on it than anything else. I really don't care much anymore whether or not it actually happens. This might surprise you, but I'd rather have my suggestion be rejected than be left with no idea on what's going to be done with it, if anything.

}}

Makes sense, I guess.

