Makima Cosplayer Absolutely Bursting

Author: sanjono

*000*2025-11-05 16:24

Mia is a 26 year old cosplayer and this year she is invited as a featured creator on Texas Comic Con. She has a large following on social media where she cosplays several popular characters from anime, manga and games. Not only that but she is also incredibly hot which also adds to her massive popularity. For Texas Comic Con she will appear cosplaying as Makima from chainsaw man.

At the Con she will also do a meet and greet with her fans, she will appear on several panels and she also has a lot of professional photoshoots lined up so needless to say it was going to be a busy day. Her Makima cosplay consists of a red wig, colored contact lenses, a plain white dress shirt, a pair of really tight black cargo leggings, a thin black tie, and black heels. The outfit was closer to the image the internet has formed around Makima rather than being accurate to the source material but it also complemented her incredibly buxom body.

She had a pair of incredibly well trained ass cheeks and thighs and when viewed from the side the curvature of her ass was irresistibly hot. The cargo leggings made her already sexy ass look even hotter especially with the way the fabric was hugging her curves. The dress shirt was also very tight and it accentuated her incredible bust creating once again the perfect curvature. The way her tie was sitting on her boobs was also very mesmerizing. She was also incredibly beautiful, her face matching Makima's dominant yet elegant personality with her makeup also being a highlight

Mia arrived at the Comic Con at 7AM. The moment she arrived she was greeted by the manager Mr Ellis who gave her a badge which gave her access to special rooms that the other guests didn't have like a special resting lounge with several snacks and drinks and even separate bathrooms from the rest of the Con goers. She was the first to arrive so she sat on the resting lounge and adjusted her makeup a bit. Before going to the Con she had drunk a large cup of coffee to keep herself awake and even in the lounge she poured herself another cup. Shortly after another featured creator arrived, a fellow cosplayer and they started conversing with Mia.

She got so carried away with the conversation that she ended up drinking an additional whole bottle of iced tea. Drinks were her weakness, she liked them way too much. Soon after more guests arrived and everyone started digging into the snacks. Mia ended up downing two large glasses of water since the snacks were so salty and a lemon soda since it was so hot. It was 9:45 and people started gathering and soon it was time for Mia's meet and greet. Not only that but also her bladder was starting to get full from all those liquids and it was sending her signals that she needed to pee.

Feeling her bladder fill up, she decided to head to the bathrooms in order to take care of her need. She pulled out her badge, scanned it, yet the bathroom doors weren't opening. She tried it for a couple of seconds yet nothing. She went up to one of the guards and told him: "I'm sorry but it seems like my badge isn't working since I can't access the bathroom. Could you get me a new one please" The guard responded: "No worries mam, I'll take care of it", and so the guard took her badge and left, presumably to go get her a new one. In the meantime Mr Ellis told Mia that it was time for her meet and greet. She followed him to the place where it would be held. It was around 10 am and Mia thought to herself that she could hold it until the end of the meet and greet. Besides she had to focus on making her fans feel happy to meet her so she was determined to give it her all.

The meet and greet started and her fans formed a huge line waiting to meet her. Most of them were men, considering her sex appeal but there were also a lot of women and a lot of these fans were even cosplaying characters from chainsaw man. All of them were eager to get her autograph, to take pictures with her, etc. Mia herself was very excited to meet her fans from up close. Every time she met a new fan she smiled warmly towards them, her white teeth and deep red crayon making for an incredibly beautiful smile.

She could feel her bladder becoming more and more full but her fans were more important. She fought the urge to cross her legs or push her thighs together to help her hold in her pee, she also fought the urge to sigh or moan or whimper in desperation although sometimes her face would take on a grimaced expression indicating that she was dealing with some sort of discomfort but still her smile was front and center. The meet and greet would last for 1 hour and at the 30 minute mark her legs already started subtly bouncing up and down and she would sometimes hiss under her breath as her kidneys kept pumping liquid into her poor bladder.

The meet and greet was coming to an end with Mia taking a photo with the last person while having her thighs squeezed together a little tighter than she would have wanted but she had no other choice as her need was becoming more and more urgent by the minute. The meet and greet was over and she headed to the special lounge with a hurried pace thinking that the guard from earlier was waiting for her to give her her new working badge but unfortunately he was nowhere to be found. She started looking around but the she couldn't find him.

She started panicking a bit as the only other option for relieving herself was the bathrooms everyone else used which not only were they always occupied and full of people but also very unhygienic. So she decided to ask another guard for help. "Excuse me but a while ago I said to one of your guards to get me a new badge as my previous one wasn't working and now I can't find him anywhere, could you take care of this issue please, I'm kinda in a hurry". The other guard responded "Of course mam, we'll take care of it" and the other guard left just like the first. Next up, she had to appear on a panel discussing the evolution of cosplays at cons.

Mia headed towards the area where the panel was being held, with her hands feeling over her lower abdomen which she could tell was bloated from all the liquids. She entered the room where there was a large table and right across from it a bunch of seats for all the visitors meanwhile the large table was for the ones holding and presenting the panel. The only relief in sight was the fact that people wouldn't be able to see her squirming legs since she would be covered by the table. However the people sitting next to her would be able to observe her. Some of the presenters were already sitting on the table and they welcomed Mia with her trying to hide her desperation as best as she could.

Her professional mask was slowly breaking down and being replaced by her urgent need to urinate. Mia sat right in the middle of the table surrounded by other people she didn't even know which made her even more uncomfortable and put even more pressure onto her to keep her desperation hidden. On the table there were drinks for the presenters to drink in case they got thirsty. After the meet and greet Mia did get quite thirsty but more water is the last thing she wanted but thirst got the better of her and she started drinking it anyways. Her drink obsession however got the better of her and she ended up drinking it all.

Soon after people started coming into the room and soon the panel begun. Mia didn't even know why she was present for this panel as she barely had anything to say, so she deduced the reason they invited her was to probably pull in more people due to her popularity. The panel crawled on for what felt like an eternity, Mia kept squirming under the table, her legs crossing and uncrossing, her thighs squeezed together, her butt rubbing against the chair trying to find a position which alleviates the pressure from her bladder even a little but her efforts didn't bear any fruit. Her bladder was still uncomfortably full and more liquid kept being pumped into it. Her face adorned by a pleasant yet strained smile. Her hands were placed firmly on the table clenched as fists.

Occasionally moans of desperation would escape her lips as the pressure was becoming unbearable. The other presenters, when they weren't speaking, couldn't help but notice her squirming although they didn't realize she was desperate to pee. 30 minutes in and her squirming was more noticable than ever. Despite her lower body being concealed, that movement was making itself apparent in her upper body, her sighs and moans more frequent, her smile more strained, her breaths more swallow, her hands now clenching her thighs tightly near her crotch area. It was clear as day that she was absolutely bursting. One of the presenters noticed the entire thing and whispered to her ear: "Need a break?", "Y-yes" Mia responded. "Just get up and leave, it's okay". Upon hearing that Mia was incredibly grateful. She thanked the presenter and left while the panel was still going on. It was now 12 at noon.

Mia exited the panel and was now heading towards the lounge. She was half-running half-walking considering the pent-up liquid in her bladder. She was dangerously close to shoving her hands in-between her thighs and pushing right on her pee hole to help her keep the flood contained but alas the palms of her hands were just placed firmly on top of her crotch. Her boobs and ass cheeks were bouncing with every step while she kept sighing in desperation with each breath. She could feel herself about to burst at any moment. She was hoping that upon arriving at the lounge the guards would finally get her a new badge or she could tell some other person with a badge to use it just this one time to access the bathroom. But to her dismay when she arrived at the lounge it was completely empty. Most people were probably busy with their own stuff to hang out in there and the guards present weren't the ones Mia had asked to give her another badge.

Her photoshoot would begin any minute now and she wasn't sure if she could make it, in fact it seemed like there was nowhere she could pee. She cast a glance at the public bathrooms and they were very full, especially the women's. Her body kept sending her signals and her lower half would constantly spasm from the fullness of her bladder but it seemed like the situation was hopeless. However Mia noticed that in the far back of the venue was a sign that said "Access Restricted" and based on the shape of the sign it was probably because due to construction. She thought to herself this is the most remote place in the venue, her only remaining choice for immediate relief. There weren't even any guards near this place and she hoped she could find at least some sort of container. She looked around her to confirm that no one was watching her and she headed to that area.

Mia reached the entrance of the forbidden area and she noticed that inside there were stairs which lead further down. She thought to herself that maybe they were repairing the basement. Each step she took down the stairs she felt a jolt through her bladder and on the last step she felt a tiny leak escaping into her panties. She shoved her hand inside her leggings and pushed her fingers into her pee hole over her panties. Her moans of desperation where echoing through the empty corridors as well as her desperate footsteps. She was squirming harder than ever running down the corridor looking for something to pee in.

Eventually she spotted an empty box. Her moans and sighs of desperstion started turning into moans and sighs of relief as she could feel it was close by. She yoiked down her leggings and panties, squatted over the box and placed her hands on the wall to support her weight. Just as she was about to relax her sphincter and let her piss flow out of her, she heard someone calling out to her. It was Mr Ellis.

Mia immediately started pulling up her panties and leggings with Mr Ellis barely managing to catch a glimpse of her while squatting over the box. The moment she pulled up her leggings up to her abdomen, another leak escaped. "Mia, what are you doing here, didn't you see the sign outside that access down here is forbidden" said Mr Ellis. "I'm sorry Mr Ellis but I'm really about to-", before Mia managed to finish her sentence Mr Ellis interrupted her to say "Also you're late for your photoshoot, come on hurry".

And just like that Mr Ellis dragged her with him to the photoshoot. "Ok Mia now it's time, focus" said Mr Ellis while gesturing to her to look at the photographer. "Mr Ellis~ngh, b-but I really have to pee" just when she said the word pee, the photographer said over her "Come on dear, please take a pose" completely ignoring her pleads. Mia, while squirming like crazy and while hot rivulets of pee kept escaping into her panties, blurted out "B-but~ngh.... I'm about to-". "WHAT?" snapped the photographer "what is it?"

Mia opened her mouth in order to say how she is about to explode but just for a moment her eyes locked into the public bathrooms. The line for the women's restrooms was large but for the men's there was no line. In a moment of sheer desperation Mia completely ignored the photoshoot and headed straight towards the men's bathrooms. Before she even reached the bathrooms she pulled down her leggings right below her ass cheeks.

Just as she was passing the line of women they couldn't help but notice that her cheeks were visible and bouncing while the look on her face was screaming that she was about to explode. When Mia entered the men's bathroom two men were using the urinals but her goal was the stalls. She started banging on them with all her strength but all of them were out of order. So in one last desperate attempt she decided to pee in one of the available urinals. She pulled her panties aside, arched her back so that the aim of the gusher would hit the urinal and so she finally relaxed her sphincter and...

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh......." the pee came crashing out. An unbelievably strong beam shot from between her legs, its force so big that it splashed her legs when it hit the walls of the urinal. Some of the pee was also leaking down her legs, soaking her leggings in the process but the gusher that erupted from inside her was still undeniable. Her moans and sighs more orgasmic and loud than ever. The pee stream kept going strong for a minute straight. Her eyes closed as she was lost in the moment, her head arched back, the pee stream echoing in the bathroom and eventually it trickled down to a quieter stream until she was done with peeing after a total of 2 minutes. 

The guys in the urinals beside her were left speechless after that whole ordeal. Mia's arched back made her exposed and adorned in white panties ass cheeks irresistible and her heavy panting also made her boobs jiggle in a great way while one of the buttons came flying after all that heavy breathing, revealing quite a bit of her cleavage. All the girls outside had filmed the entire thing absolutely astonished about how much pee she was holding inside her. Mia had finally emptied her bladder from all that liquid but the situation was far from ideal. Unlike Makima, she was not in control.

The End

*002*2025-12-16 22:07

{{On 12/8/2025 at 5:16 AM, gdubs said:

This is so hot, especially the description of her sprinting to the bathroom with her pants pulled halfway down. That always makes it feel more urgent and frantic

}}

Sorry for the late reply but thanks for the kind comment😊. I'm writing a new story right now although it still hasn't been approved by the mods so I don't know when it will become public😅

