Tiffany's Omo Accidents

Author: SPT

*000*2021-07-29 09:41

Tiffany’s Omo Accidents

This is my first ever story, of any kind, so sorry it is kind of trash and has grammatical errors. Please give me some feedback

Characters

Tiffany: An 18 year old high school senior who is interested in Omorashi, and does it whenever she can, but sometimes she forgets her prior commitments, and ends up in quite the pickle.

Dana: Tiffany’s best friend, who also loves omo, but is much more responsible. Tiffany also dabbles a bit as a diaper lover, and may rope Tiffany into it too. But this story is not about diaper lovers.

Chapter 1

Tiffany was excited. Her parents were asleep, no one was around, and her holding session was beginning to get intense. She knew from experience, her bladder was at the point where it could not last more than 20 minutes.. It was at the point where she couldn’t keep scrolling through social media, and her full attention went to her bladder. She was fidgeting, walking around, occasionally pressing her hand on her crotch to stop from leaking. She was truly hap-

*Beep**Beep**Beep*

Her alarm went off. It spooked her so much that the lifted her hand off her crotch, causing a small leak that dampened the inside of her panties. Tiffany always loved her beauty sleep, so she set her alarm for 7:30, which gave her about 10 minutes to get ready for school before her bus came. She was already in her school uniform (she had been holding it since after school the previous day) and rushed to pack her bags. She narrowly made it on the bus in time. This entire time she still managed to keep her hand on her crotch, which got her some strange looks from other students, but Tiffany did not notice. She didn’t realize her predicament until Dana asked her about it.

“So girl, how did the hold to end all holds end up” Dana asked. Tiffany had been hyping up the hold for a while as a 16 hour hold with 4 litres of water in her system. No sleeping it off either.

Tiffany was struck with the horror of realizing that she was on the bus for 20 minutes (she lived quite a distance from her school) with a bladder that already screamed to be released.

“I forgot to release” moaned Tiffany, she put her hands on her face.

“You can still hold it right?” Dana asked. Tiffany let go of her crotch, instantly , causing Tiffany to spray for a second. It was not visible on her skirt, but there was now a large dark spot on her grey cotton panites. Tiffany could not hold it unless she bent over completely and held crotch tightly. Otherwise she would spray and risk explaining a massive wet spot on the bus seat.

5 minutes later and Tiffany was squirming so much that the squeak of her bus seat got her glances from several places around the bus. If she was to have an accident on the bus, it would not be the first time her classmates saw her have one. She was trying so hard, but kept leaking. It got to the point where the seat was clearly damp, but she just had to make it to school so she could feel the sweet relief of emptying her bladder.

A few minutes away from school, things went from bad to worse. Tiffany was working so hard to hold that she was a ghostly shade of white. Her bladder clearly stuck out from the rest of her body, and she was desperately pinching her crotch in order to not embarrass herself again in front of her fellow classmates.

After what seemed like an eternity, the bus rolled to a stop. Dana knew what to do, she helped Tiffany up, even though it made Tiffany spray for a good 3 seconds. It formed a small puddle a under her. Everyone saw and rushed out of Dana and Tiffany’s way. They were walking on the sidewalk up to the school-to the bathrooms of sweet relief-when Jake, the most attractive boy in school came into view.

“Look” Dana exclaimed “It’s Jake”. It was widely known Tiffany had a crush on Jake.

Tiffany sprang up, ready to converse with Jake, but as they started to face each other, Tiffany’s bladder erupted. She began urinating uncontrollably and the urine quickly formed a puddle on the ground, she wanted to stop-but she couldn’t. The relief was so intense, she couldn’t help but orgasm as she continued to pee for a solid minute and a half. The urine was completely translucent and spilled out onto the grass in front of the school and the street on the other side. It lapped over Jake’s shoes, as he stood in complete shock and awe of what had happened. Tiffany’s bladder was still aching and her urethra was on fire, she tried to stammer an apology, but Jake ran away before she could speak a word.

Please tell me about any changes I should make to this chapter, or what should happen in the next chapter.

