Sweet Relief

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*000*2021-11-17 22:10

Content warning: Lovepetting, smooches, outercourse, domestic love and intimacy.

Aylee is an actually bit tall woman, around 173cm tall, and she is quite plump, around 85kg she weight. Her brown hairs are curly, and her eyes are dark brown. She mostly wear black or dark clothes, nothing emo hardrock or spooky things, but just uncolored monotone outfits. She also don't really wear makeup, it could be because her body makes her have not a large choice but also because she's stunning anyway without filters.

She's right now exiting her car she'd parked inside a building's parking lot. As she walk the sound of her pressed step are enhanced by her solid heels, that are not tall but not less noisy than bigger ones.

She climbup upstairs, as she does her bladder is sending her messages like a yellowvest guy on the tarmac of an airport. It means she have to go. Soon. Or there is gonna be rain from her jeans, and it's not her undersized black shirt that's gonna save her from this visible wetness presence.

Fortunately besides, she reach the door lock and find her key quite fast.

As she open the door, she sees her boyfriend laying on the bed, a controller in his hands, playing video games, while she sits at the kitchen table to take a glass of water.

Caleb is a barely small guy, around 161cm tall, he is quite skinny, around 50kg or less, and his overall body looks like he's a lateteen, although some mark of adulthood seems to finally show, as a tiny little sequence of hairs are visible on his upperlips and down his chin. He always wears cute geeky things writed on his shirts like 'May the force be with you', or 'Join the darkside', on a purple shirt there is also 'I'm born to be an artist' and his prefered shirt is black and there is 'Limited Edition' on it with an arrow to his face, which he's wearing right now.

"On me, on me guys, they're low!" He speaks looking at the screen.

Aylee finish her glass and sighs, as she tries to relax a bit, even if she knows she needs to go. Her bladder is used to being ignored, her muscles are usualy so strong anyway.

"Help guys I'm down, I'm down!" He says. "Bruh. Stupid rocket spammer."

"Caleb, I would like to talk with you." She says to him.

"Alright guys, goodbye." He says while turning off the TV and getting up, dropping the controller on the bed.

The apartment is so small he does 2 steps and he is in the kitchen. He sits on the chair in face of her, looking at her, behind his small rectangular glasses.

"I'm wondering if I could talk with you..." She starts.

"Yeah you can tell me anything." He says.

"I had a really shity day today. I only got the worsts calls of all my colleagues." She says sighing.

"Oh would you like me to give you a massage or something?" He says warmly.

"Yeah sure." She says while getting up.

They got on the bed and Aylee sit on the side of it while Caleb climb behind her and spread his legs to lean against her.

He start rubbing her back with tenderness and sensitivity, using his softcuddles skills at his best.

"You like that?" He says.

"Mhhh." She mutter, not even opening her mouth and let herself sound in the pleasure.

After a while he lean into closer, and leave a kiss on her neck. She shivers in surprise of the move and a spurt of her fullness could make its way down her panties while this moment of unawareness before she regain control.

"Oh thanks, I really needed that." She says mumbling with a large smile on her face.

"Turn around. I wanna see you." He respond.

She gets further on the bed, in face of her love, who's smiling too. They stare at eachother and contemplate themselves. When glancing at him she could sense his awakened unders.

"What are you waiting for?" She says, smirking.

He kisses her, getting his hands on her back, pressing himself against her strongly, and she soflty let out moans again.

He grope her butt a bit, before she stop him therefore she tries to get off of her shirt, as he sees that he can't do else but helping her getting out of it, to reveal her breasts. Then he get his shirt off in a second, revealing his abs and chest, slightly contrated in the eager of the moment. He start to stimulate her breasts, grabbing and rubbing them with his tiny hands on these big beautiful bosoms.

After a moment her hurried self lose her inhibited aside, to strongly enforce him by laying down on the bed, as he is surprised his head land on the pillows harshly, letting a 'Oh!' out in the abrupt intentment.

She plant some kisses along his neck, lower and lower until his chest, and when reaching his abs, she stick her tongue out and lick them.

He can't help but giggle in the tickling sensation. She continues to kiss his abs for amoment.

"Is it annoying?" She asks, curious.

"I like it." He says blushing.

"Nice. I like praising your body." She says smiling.

"Don't, it's so embarrassing..." He mumble, terribly flustered.

"Oh really?" She smirks.

She come back up to his mouth to blend it with hers for a while, before getting up and trying to regain conscientiousness, her bladder still waiting for a relief.

"Babe?" She starts.

"Yes my love?" He respond.

"Have you thought about what I told you?" She asks.

"About what?" He asks.

"You know... My little secret..." She shyly looks at him being flustered with him.

"Yeah, what about that?" He asks shyly.

"Well can't you guess... Are you okay with that? Wouldn't it bother you?" She says shyly.

"Of course, you do what you want, but if you mess something doing that way, you'll clean it please." He says.

"So I've drank enough today and I'm well hydrated..." She gets a naughty smile on her face, holding her own crotch with both hands, still on top of him.

"Oh wait you wanna do this like right now? You want to go on me?" He asks, his voicetone's a lil surprised.

"No, I'll be way too shy to do that yet." She says blushing. "And I don't wanna mess furnitures anyways... I think I want ya to watch me as a do it."

"Alright then, you know I won't try to resist leading me where you want me..." He says smiling. "Lets go."

She gets up and rush to the bathroom door, that she opens and after 2 small steps she's in the shower's cabin. She feels her heart beating hard, her blood reaching all her body making it warmer and warmer, her crotch being on fire as her arousal reaches points higher than ever.

He stands at the door after turning the light on, his naked feet on the carpet of the apartment, watching his girlfriend with patience.

"Okay so. You're watching me right?" She says insecured.

"Yes I am." He says.

She tries to uncleverly relax herself but without successing.

"Are you going yet?" He says.

"No, wait." She says.

After a while, Caleb do a step to get near her. They both can't help but start kissing eachother. After a moment, he get back a bit.

"Are you peeing now?" He asks clueless of what's going on in her pants.

"No, you're making me shy with your impatience!" She says.

"Oh really, MY impatience?" He smirks.

He get one of his hands on her belly and don't lose a second to start mining to explore downthere in her jeans. Aylee can't help but reproduce the attention he's giving her, and she start to explore his own jeans.

"You're so wet." He says sighing with pleasure. "Are you sure you didn't let go once yet?"

"Mhhh." She can't really talk clearly at first before trying to gain control of her mind. "When you kissed my neck backthere, I couldn't help it, it escaped me without my conscent..."

"Well then maybe I can help you go again..." He says within a warm smile.

He lean close to her and kiss her neck so cleverly, she lose control instantly, and let out a deep moan.

"Ohhh, I'm going!" She says. "I'm going already... watch that..."

As she speaks she feels her panties getting warmer and warmer, and Caleb rearward a bit to see the scene in it's fullscale. He is just intime to see the crotch area of his girlfriend's jeans getting patched with a dark button. It's size climb up to her middle crotch while getting down to her knees in seconds.

"Ohhh, it feels good." She moan.

Caleb lean close to her and start kissing her, while the kissings sounds interflow with the frizzle liquids, the nerdyguy's hands start to eagerly explore her unders again, and she get back bit, trying to protect him from the wetness.

"Wait... I'm still going..." She tries to say inbetween the kisses of his.

He touch her and circle her clitoris with his usual acuity, and she can't concentrate enough to reciprocate that for him. She can't help but grinding on him, although she's very unsure about the strength of the pleasurement she doing for him, while she's getting really close.

She ends, moaning slower, her bladder empty, his boyfriend getting back a bit.

"It's the first time I'd cum that fast..." She's trying to say. "I really needed that."

"You mean the pee or the cum?" He smiles.

She giggles, and get closer to him to kiss him.

"Did you finish?" She asks.

"Um. No... but... it's okay... You look like you really needed that bynow" He says. "You don't have to give me something back all the time."

"No of course it's not okay. You deserve to end too." She says while getting on her knees.

She grabs his pants and pull them down strongly, which that reveals his hardness.

"You watched me, and that excited me so much, you did that for me." She says. "Now I'm gonna do a little something for you too!" She says happily.

