Got Fiction Requests? Well you came to the right place!

Author: ~Skunky Nikki~

*000*2018-11-07 21:19

Hello! You got a request? Well guess what! You came to the right place! I will try to complete any requests as soon as possible! I will do any request you so desire, except for anything with rape, objectification, and gore! I will, however, accept requests such as pee desperation, poo desperation, pee accidents, poo accidents, purposeful pee accident, purposeful poo accidents, pee drinking, poo eating, etc! I personally prefer the soiling side of things, but will make your request a reality! To make a request, just simply leave a reply right on this post saying what you want! Then give me some time to make your requested fiction, and I can post it in the comments, and as a thread! Hope to be writing for you guys soon!

~TheMaskedVoid

$

*005*2018-11-08 21:25

{{8 hours ago, Master_Z said:

Amethyst from Steven Universe messing a diaper and then playing with herself?

}}

Yeah, sure! Never been a fan of diapers, but it is interesting stuff! Gimme some time to get it written and such, and I'll be sure to get it to ya!

*006*2018-11-08 21:27

{{4 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

I’d be interested in making a request! Maybe a poop desperation story? Perhaps a very curvaceous, beautiful girl is out in the town, and has to poop fairly bad. She enjoys holding it though, and isn’t afraid to show that she has to go, Potty dancing in public and talking about her desperation. She starts flirting with a good looking guy that takes obvious interest in her holding habits, as she gets more and more desperate. She teases him with her desperation, and seduce him by talking about it. Every time she attempts to use the bathroom though, he keeps finding ways to delay her, secretly turning her on because she knows why he’s doing it. He invites her back to his place to use the restroom, right down the street. She’s frantic when she gets there, but the bathroom door is locked. She smiles and teases him that’s this is what he wanted, and then explosively messes herself. They proceed to have a lovely evening together.

}}

Oooh I like the sound of that! Very specific stuff right there! I'll try my best to get this written for ya! I have an idea of what could happen so, sounds like a plan! Gimme some time to write it out as I have other requests to do, so, yeah!

*007*2018-11-08 21:29

{{3 hours ago, Ktpq said:

I have a request a fiction we’re two female volleyball teams are facing each other in a match but the prank each other by adding a durilect and a laxative to there drinks on both sides it kicks in during a match but there is only enough stalls in the only woman’s restroom for only one team to make it and the other have an accident while waiting there turn in the restroom

}}

Pretty sure I've seen this scenario floating around on request pages before! Seems to be growing in popularity! Now, I have a question. What is a direlect? I'm very familiar with the laxative stuff considering one of my own stories posted here uses it to an advantage, but I've never heard of a direlect before.

*008*2018-11-08 23:17

{{5 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

I’d be interested in making a request! Maybe a poop desperation story? Perhaps a very curvaceous, beautiful girl is out in the town, and has to poop fairly bad. She enjoys holding it though, and isn’t afraid to show that she has to go, Potty dancing in public and talking about her desperation. She starts flirting with a good looking guy that takes obvious interest in her holding habits, as she gets more and more desperate. She teases him with her desperation, and seduce him by talking about it. Every time she attempts to use the bathroom though, he keeps finding ways to delay her, secretly turning her on because she knows why he’s doing it. He invites her back to his place to use the restroom, right down the street. She’s frantic when she gets there, but the bathroom door is locked. She smiles and teases him that’s this is what he wanted, and then explosively messes herself. They proceed to have a lovely evening together.

}}

Okay! This is what I have so far! I have to finish it off tomorrow as I have some stuff to take care of, but here's entire story to the part where, well, read till the end to find out what happens when she reached maximum desperation. ;3

Nikki Halls, a beautiful woman looking for a night out with the girls, was getting ready to head out. She walked up to her closet and opened the door to find something good to wear for her night out.

Nikki was a wonderful looking woman. She had the curves of a model, the face of a Brazilian hottie, and the ass of a Kardashian. Her boobs were a gorgeous D, shaped so perfectly. She sometimes loved teasing the boys in public by not wearing a bra, and just letting them flop all about. She was perfect for a 22 year old girl!

"Hmm... What should I wear for my night?" Nikki asked herself as she looked through her closet, trying to find something cute but revealing to wear. She pulled out a pair of black tights, and held them out in front of her to examine them.

"Ooh! These are perfect! These are definitely a must!" Nikki said happily as she tossed them onto her bed. She then browsed her closet for something to wear for her beautiful curvy torso. She looked at a black leather jacket for a few moments, then pushed it aside and looked at a black shirt. She pulled it out and looked at it. It was a black, long, thin spandex shirt. This would show her curves perfectly!

"This is perfect! This would go great with my pants!" she said as she smiled. She tossed the shirt on her bed, next to the tights she tossed there earlier. Then she closed her closet and walked over to her dresser. She opened her panty drawer. She pulled out a pair of black panties, and examined them. These were her favourite panties.

These panties gave her so much pleasure. Not because they rubbed her off. Not because they saved her life. These were her favourite panties because she had so much fun in them.

Nikki secretely loved being desperate for a poo. She always held it in whenever she could, and enjoyed having near-accidents, but somehow always managed to make it. She did have another kink of hers, however. She also enjoyed farting. Mainly desperate farts. She had always enjoyed letting out a long, wet shart right into her pants before going potty to relieve her desperation.

Her panties weren't anything like a thong. They were almost like boxers. They were comfortable, and quite dirty at that. She never washed them, so any sharts or skidmarks or any cum that shot out into them remained there.

"Ooh~ My favourite pair!" She said as she giggled. She took off her towel that she wore after getting out of the shower, and threw it onto the ground. She was bare naked, her beautiful body revealed. Her boobs flopped lower and bounced a little as she dropped her towel, causing her to giggle.

"Hehe~ bouncy little ones, aren't ya?" She managed to say as she giggled. She then examined her favourite pair of panties. They smelled quite like a stinky fart, and had a little skidmark towards the seat of them. No cum stains could he seen since they were black, but she new there was something there.

Nikki bent over, and lifted her left leg up, and placed her left leghole of her panties where her left foot would go, then did the same for the right side. Then she pulled them up, and slid them snuggly into position. She blushed lightly as she felt a bit of dampness in the rear from the skidmark that was put there quite recently.

"Hehe~ I'm already getting excited!" Nikki said ecstatically. These panties were definitely going to get stinky tonight!

She walked over to her bed, and grabbed her bra that was hanging on her bedstand. She positioned it over her massive boobs, then strapped it in place. Her boobs lifted up, looking even larger as she strapped it on. She then picked up her tights, and sat down on her bed. She felt the skidmark in the rear of her panties, giggling more as she pulled her tights on.

Nikki then pulled her black shirt on, and was ready for her night. Her friends said they would meet her at the new local nightclub, Midnight 9.

She walked out into her kitchen, grabbed her purse, and made her way to the door. Her stomach then gurgled quietly right as she reached the door, and smirked. She had to fart.

"Oohoo~ Already starting, are we?" She said as she bent forward and started pushing. A low pitched, crackly fart escaped her bum as she moaned quietly with relief. She placed her hand on her bum, and farted into her hand. The tights she's wearing would hold this stink for a bit, making her feel a little naughty. Once she finished farting, she moved her hand right below her nose and sniffed. She stiffled a giggle as she sniffed.

"Well well, what a cute little fart! Something tells me tonight is gonna be fun!" She said as she opened the door and went outside. She closed the door behind her, then began making her way to her car. She opened the driver door, and sat down inside the car seat. She shut the door, and put the car key into the ignition, and twisted, turning the car on. She put it in gear, then backed out of the driveway.

Her stomach gurgled again, making her feel her need to poo slightly worsen. She groaned quietly as the pain worsened, then let out a quiet fart. This made the inside of her car slightly smell of her fart. This caused her to blush.

After about 35 minutes, she arrived at the club. Her need to poo got worse, making her slightly more desperate. She parked her car out in front of the club, and looked around. She didn't see her friend's cars anywhere, but shrugged it off, assuming that they parked on another street. Her stomach gurgled again, then she opened the car door, and shut up, walking up to the club's entrance. There was a club bouncer there who makes sure only people on the list get in to avoid any funny business. She approached the bouncer. He bore a name tag, with the name "Tom" on the front.

"Name?" Tom asked as Nikki approached him. He had an aggressive and strong stance and look, slightly intimidating Nikki. She somehow managed to hide her desperation from showing.

"Nikki. Nikki Halls." She told the menacing bouncer. He then glanced down at his clipboard for a few moment, then to Nikki and nodded as he opened the door for her. As she walked in, he glanced at her ass as well, and smirked.

"Damn, what an ass.." Tom mumbled quietly to himself. Little did he know that ass gave Nikki pleasure in her own little way.

Nikki walked down a flight of stairs, and entered the main area of Midnight 9. It wasn't that big if a club, but looked very deluxe. There was a dance floor, the floor being constant flashing square lights that change colours. The dancefloor had many beautiful ladies and handsome men dancing there, having the night of their life. Nikki looked around, and couldn't find her friends anywhere.

After 10 minutes of searching, she could not find her friends anywhere. They had ditched her. She was getting very desperate for a poo, her stomach gurgling more violently this time. She walked to the bar, and took her seat on a stool. A rather handsome man sat next to her. She lifted her bum off the seat, and let out a slightly gurgly fart, but unable to be heard due to the loud music playing in the club.

This fart smelled quite a bit like poo, meaning that soon, there will be no air to push out, but rather, a big mess. Nikki got the attention of the bartender, and asked her for a martini. Out of the corner of Nikki's eye, she could see the man next to her slightly blushing.

"Lemme pay for that for you." He said to Nikki, then slid a couple bucks towards the bartender as she gave Nikki her drink. Nikki turned towards the mysterious man, and nodded as she thanked him.

"Thank you! You're so kind!" She said to him, then took a sip from her martini.

"I'm Alex! What's your name, cutie?" Alex said to Nikki as he still had a faint tint of blush plastered on his cheeks.

"I'm Nikki!" she said to Alex. Nikki quite liked Alex's look. He looked very handsome. Nikki, on the other hand, had a look of desperation. She was very desperate for a poo now. She then looked down at his crotch, and noticed a bulge that was growing. Alex was getting turned on. Possibly by her desperation?

"You getting excited there, big boy?" Nikki said teasingly to Alex. He had just realized himself being turned on.

"Y-yeah.. It's just.. You're cute and, well.." Alex continued as he began mumbling.

"What were you gonna say, Alex?" Nikki interrogated as she leaned closer, lifting her bum up a bit, and letting out a gurgly fart, causing the air around them to reek of the stink of Nikki's fart. This caused Alex to get turned on more.

"Is that you making that.. Smell?" Alex inquired.

"Yeah, it is. I gotta poo really badly!" Nikki said as she blushed. She squirmed a little as if to support her point.

"That's quite.. Hot!" Alex said to Nikki. She then looked at him with widened eyes.

"Oh you think me holding it in is hot~?" Nikki teased. Alex nodded as he got as hard as he could. His jeans showed his boner very clearly. Nikki reached down and placed her hand on the bulge, giggling as she looked at Alex, biting her lip.

"You dirty boy~ Well I think I should go to the bathroom before I actually... Oogh... Have an accident." Nikki said. Her saying 'accident' suddenly made her a little wet in her nether region.

Little did she know that Alex had a kink for desperation. He loved seeing a girl desperate for a potty, and also enjoyed watching a lady just let loose in her pants.

"Don't you wanna tease this naughty boy some more, baby~?" Alex charismatically inquired to Nikki.

"A-alright baby~" Nikki said back in quite a seductive voice. She was a little worried. She never tried messing before. She hopes she could hold out longer for Alex. She squirmed as she sat on the stool, and finished her martini. She slightly wanted to see where this night would go. Maybe it's a good thing her friends weren't here. She met this really hot guy who likes seeing her desperate.

"How's about we head back to my place, baby~? I got a bathroom and a bedroom so you can get pleasure from both places~" Alex said as he gave a little seductive wink. Nikki got wetter, and wanted to have fun.

"Okay, tough guy~ I'll be sure to let you have fun~" Nikki said seductively. Alex then led her up the club's stairs, and out the door. Nikki's need to poo was getting very unbearable. She would need to use the bathroom as soon as she got to Alex's home!

Nikki decided to keep her car paeked where it was, and will take care of the ticket when she got home, that is if she did get a ticket.

Nikki got into the passenger seat of Alex's car, and closed the door. Her stomach gurgled violently, then her bowels rumbled deeply as she groaned. Then Alex got into the driver seat, and shut the door. Nikki lifted her bum, and pushed out a very bubbly fart as Alex turned the car on. This fart lasted quite a long time, and was very relieving to get out. The car began to stink up of Nikki's relief, causing Alex to get turned on again. Then a sudden squish sound emanated from Nikki's rear as her fart abruptly stopped, then she blushed deeply. Her rear was a little wet. Nikki had just sharted in her tights.

*013*2018-11-11 02:29

{{On 11/9/2018 at 11:59 AM, Alex Oxford said:

Well slap my ass and call me Stacey@TheMaskedVoid

@@because damn that story is getting good. It’s freaking incredible man, I love the build up and I love the interactions between the characters. I gotta ask, did you name the guy “Alex” on purpose? ?

}}

Hahaa glad you like it! I like long, thought out messing stories where the messing scene is extra long and you can just see it in your head! I'm glad you like it so far! As for the guy's name, not really, Alex was a name I came up with on the spot. Why, is your name Alex? ?

*014*2018-11-11 02:42

{{On 11/9/2018 at 8:14 AM, Ktpq said:

Durilect sorry for my spelling error basically it’s like a we’re diet pill witch causes the user to need to pee more

}}

Aah understood! I didn't know something existed to make you need to pee besides water or beverages! I guess there's something for anything, huh? Well give me some time to finish some user's requests and I'll be sure to get yours done sometime soon!

*015*2018-11-11 02:43

{{On 11/9/2018 at 4:29 PM, BigSki said:

I would really like to see a rwby fanfic involving coco and velvet from team cfvy

}}

Hello!

I'd be glad to do this story for you, however, could you please be more specific with what you desire? Thanks!

{{1 minute ago, Ktpq said:

Thank you please take you’re time there is no need to rush

}}

{{On 11/8/2018 at 3:24 PM, Peefreak said:

How about a girl in her 30s being desperate when driving no wetting plz but some extreme desperation and mabye she can pee on the roadside or somewhere else outdoors the relief part is my favourite so it would be great if you made that part long and intense

}}

Hello!

I would be more than happy to write this for you! I personally prefer accidents, but the relief part is pretty good as well! Right, I will get started on this as soon as I finish others requests.

*016*2018-11-11 02:49

{{On 11/9/2018 at 10:46 AM, Mrgala21 said:

I would actually love to make a request. Would you be willing to do like a sleepover themed one with two girls? The main character would be extremely shy about her needs and she even arrives desperate to poop but refuses to go in her friends company. I was thinking teenagers. Also, the more desperation the better

}}

Okay! I can do desperation! Now, would you like there to be messing in this or just desperation?

{{On 11/8/2018 at 7:13 PM, HeavymetalTechno said:

I'd like to see more pool/swimming stuff. How about two girls are having a sleep over while their parents are away. They decide to go swimming in the pool backyard and soon they have to go to the bathroom (both pee and poop) but they are having so much fun that they just decide to mess their swimsuits and keep swimming.

}}

I definitely like the sound of that! Lemme finish some requests and I'll write this for ya!

Okay guys! I gotta put a halt on requests for right now as there are many I need to get completed and the times I have to write will be rare as I am currently busy in life right now! I hope you all understand and I am deeply sorry to those who wish to request. Now, I will complete the current requests as soon as possible, and once I finish those, I will begin taking requests again.

Again, I am very sorry for any inconvenience caused. Hope you understand!

~TheMaskedVoid

*018*2018-11-11 19:44

{{8 hours ago, BigSki said:

Basically Velvet and Coco go out on a shopping trip together but both end up needing to pee. They both try to hold it throughout the whole time at the store without letting each other know. Then Velvet can’t hold it any longer and wets herself in the middle of the store as coco tries to comfort her she pees herself to help velvet. Then Coco picks her up and walks out with her.

TThank you and sorry for the long description.

}}

No problem, man. And trust me, this description is puny compared to some of the others I've received. No need to apologize my man. Lemme get some of thesr requests done then I'll start on yours.

*019*2018-11-11 19:50

Hello people of the request page! Void here! I just wanted to let you all know that I found a piece of fiction that I wrote about a year ago! It should be accessible from my profile. Hope you all enjoy it as much as I did.

*020*2018-11-11 20:24

{{On 11/9/2018 at 11:59 AM, Alex Oxford said:

Well slap my ass and call me Stacey@TheMaskedVoid

@@because damn that story is getting good. It’s freaking incredible man, I love the build up and I love the interactions between the characters. I gotta ask, did you name the guy “Alex” on purpose? ?

}}

Hey man! I have finished your requested piece of fiction! It can be found here in the comments, as well as on my profile and in the "Fiction and Fanfiction" section! Enjoy?

Nikki Halls, a beautiful woman looking for a night out with the girls, was getting ready to head out. She walked up to her closet and opened the door to find something good to wear for her night out.

Nikki was a wonderful looking woman. She had the curves of a model, the face of a Brazilian hottie, and the ass of a Kardashian. Her boobs were a gorgeous D, shaped so perfectly. She sometimes loved teasing the boys in public by not wearing a bra, and just letting then flop all about. She was perfect for a 22 year old girl!

"Hmm... What should I wear for my night?" Nikki asked herself as she looked through her closet, trying to find something cute but revealing to wear. She pulled out a pair of black tights, and held them out in front of her to examine them.

"Ooh! These are perfect! These are definitely a must!" Nikki said happily as she tossed them onto her bed. She then browsed her closet for something to wear for her beautiful curvy torso. She looked at a black leather jacket for a few moments, then pushed it aside and looked at a black shirt. She pulled it out and looked at it. It was a black, long, thin spandex shirt. This would show her curves perfectly!

"This is perfect! This would go great with my pants!" she said as she smiled. She tossed the shirt on her bed, next to the tights she tossed there earlier. Then she closed her closet and walked over to her dresser. She opened her panty drawer. She pulled out a pair of black panties, and examined them. These were her favourite panties.

These panties gave her so much pleasure. Not because they rubbed her off. Not because they saved her life. These were her favourite panties because she had so much fun in them.

Nikki secretely loved being desperate for a poo. She always held it in whenever she could, and enjoyed having near-accidents, but somehow always managed to make it. She did have another kink of hers, however. She also enjoyed farting. Mainly desperate farts. She had always enjoyed letting out a long, wet shart right into her pants before going potty to relieve her desperation.

Her panties weren't anything like a thong. They were almost like boxers. They were comfortable, and quite dirty at that. She never washed them, so any sharts or skidmarks or any cum that shot out into them remained there.

"Ooh~ My favourite pair!" She said as she giggled. She took off her towel that she wore after getting out of the shower, and threw it onto the ground. She was bare naked, her beautiful body revealed. Her boobs flopped lower and bounced a little as she dropped her towel, causing her to giggle.

"Hehe~ bouncy little ones, aren't ya?" She managed to say as she giggled. She then examined her favourite pair of panties. They smelled quite like a stinky fart, and had a little skidmark towards the seat of them. No cum stains could he seen since they were black, but she knew there was something there.

Nikki bent over, and lifted her left leg up, and placed her left leghole of her panties where her left foot would go, then did the same for the right side. Then she pulled them up, and slid them snuggly into position. She blushed lightly as she felt a bit of dampness in the rear from the skidmark that was put there quite recently.

"Hehe~ I'm already getting excited!" Nikki said ecstatically. These panties were definitely going to get stinky tonight!

She walked over to her bed, and grabbed her bra that was hanging on her bedstand. She positioned it over her massive boobs, then strapped it in place. Her boobs lifted up, looking even larger as she strapped it on. She then picked up her tights, and sat down on her bed. She felt the skidmark in the rear of her panties, giggling more as she pulled her tights on.

Nikki then pulled her black shirt on, and was ready for her night. Her friends said they would meet her at the new local nightclub, Midnight 9.

She walked out into her kitchen, grabbed her purse, and made her way to the door. Her stomach then gurgled quietly right as she reached the door, and smirked. She had to fart.

"Oohoo~ Already starting, are we?" She said as she bent forward and started pushing. A low pitched, crackly fart escaped her bum as she moaned quietly with relief. She placed her hand on her bum, and farted into her hand. The tights she's wearing would hold this stink for a bit, making her feel a little naughty. Once she finished farting, she moved her hand right below her nose and sniffed. She stiffled a giggle as she sniffed.

"Well well, what a cute little fart! Something tells me tonight is gonna be fun!" She said as she opened the door and went outside. She closed the door behind her, then began making her way to her car. She opened the driver door, and sat down inside the car seat. She shut the door, and put the car key into the ignition, and twisted, turning the car on. She put it in gear, then backed out of the driveway.

Her stomach gurgled again, making her feel her need to poo slightly worsen. She groaned quietly as the pain worsened, then let out a quiet fart. This made the inside of her car slightly smell of her fart. This caused her to blush.

After about 35 minutes, she arrived at the club. Her need to poo got worse, making her slightly more desperate. She parked her car out in front of the club, and looked around. She didn't see her friend's cars anywhere, but shrugged it off, assuming that they parked on another street. Her stomach gurgled again, then she opened the car door, and shut it, walking up to the club's entrance. There was a club bouncer there who makes sure only people on the list get in to avoid any funny business. She approached the bouncer. He bore a name tag, with the name "Tom" on the front.

"Name?" Tom asked as Nikki approached him. He had an aggressive and strong stance and look, slightly intimidating Nikki. She somehow managed to hide her desperation from showing.

"Nikki. Nikki Halls." She told the menacing bouncer. He then glanced down at his clipboard for a few moment, then to Nikki and nodded as he opened the door for her. As she walked in, he glanced at her ass and smirked.

"Damn, what an ass.." Tom mumbled quietly to himself. Little did he know that ass gave Nikki pleasure in her own little way.

Nikki walked down a flight of stairs, and entered the main area of Midnight 9. It wasn't that big of a club, but looked very deluxe. There was a dance floor, the floor being constant flashing square lights that changed colours. The dancefloor had many beautiful ladies and handsome men dancing there, having the night of their life. Nikki looked around, and couldn't find her friends anywhere.

After 10 minutes of searching, she could not find her friends anywhere. They had ditched her. She was getting very desperate for a poo, her stomach gurgling more violently this time. She walked to the bar, and took her seat on a stool. A rather handsome man sat next to her. She lifted her bum off the seat, and let out a slightly gurgly fart, but unable to be heard due to the loud music playing in the club.

This fart smelled quite a bit like poo, meaning that soon, there will be no air to push out, but rather, a big mess. Nikki got the attention of the bartender, and asked her for a martini. Out of the corner of Nikki's eye, she could see the man next to her slightly blushing.

"Lemme pay for that for you." He said to Nikki, then slid a couple bucks towards the bartender as she gave Nikki her drink. Nikki turned towards the mysterious man, and nodded as she thanked him.

"Thank you! You're so kind!" She said to him, then took a sip from her martini.

"I'm Alex! What's your name, cutie?" Alex said to Nikki as he still had a faint tint of blush plastered on his cheeks.

"I'm Nikki!" she said to Alex. Nikki quite liked Alex's look. He looked very handsome. Nikki, on the other hand, had a look of desperation. She was very desperate for a poo now. She then looked down at his crotch, and noticed a bulge that was growing. Alex was getting turned on. Possibly by her desperation?

"You getting excited there, big boy?" Nikki said teasingly to Alex. He had just realized himself being turned on.

"Y-yeah.. It's just.. You're cute and, well.." Alex continued as he began mumbling.

"What were you gonna say, Alex?" Nikki interrogated as she leaned closer, lifting her bum up a bit, and letting out a gurgly fart, causing the air around them to reek of the stink of Nikki's fart. This caused Alex to get turned on more.

"Is that you making that.. Smell?" Alex inquired.

"Yeah, it is. I gotta poo really badly!" Nikki said as she blushed. She squirmed a little as if to support her point.

"That's quite.. Hot!" Alex said to Nikki. She then looked at him with widened eyes.

"Oh you think me holding it in is hot~?" Nikki teased. Alex nodded as he got as hard as he could. His jeans showed his boner very clearly. Nikki reached down and placed her hand on the bulge, giggling as she looked at Alex, biting her lip.

"You dirty boy~ Well I think I should go to the bathroom before I actually... Oogh... Have an accident." Nikki said. Her saying 'accident' suddenly made her a little wet in her nether region.

Little did she know that Alex had a kink for desperation. He loved seeing a girl desperate for a potty, and also enjoyed watching a lady just let loose in her pants.

"Don't you wanna tease this naughty boy some more, baby~?" Alex charismatically inquired to Nikki.

"A-alright baby~" Nikki said back in quite a seductive voice. She was a little worried. She never tried messing before. She hopes she could hold out longer for Alex. She squirmed as she sat on the stool, and finished her martini. She slightly wanted to see where this night would go. Maybe it's a good thing her friends weren't here. She met this really hot guy who likes seeing her desperate.

"How's about we head back to my place, baby~? I got a bathroom and a bedroom so you can get pleasure from both places~" Alex said as he gave a little seductive wink. Nikki got wetter, and wanted to have fun.

"Okay, tough guy~ I'll be sure to let you have fun~" Nikki said seductively. Alex then led her up the club's stairs, and out the door. Nikki's need to poo was getting very unbearable. She would need to use the bathroom as soon as she got to Alex's home!

Nikki decided to keep her car paeked where it was, and will take care of the ticket when she got home, that is if she did get a ticket.

Nikki got into the passenger seat of Alex's car, and closed the door. Her stomach gurgled violently, then her bowels rumbled deeply as she groaned. Then Alex got into the driver seat, and shut the door. Nikki lifted her bum, and pushed out a very bubbly fart as Alex turned the car on. This fart lasted quite a long time, and was very relieving to get out. The car began to stink up of Nikki's relief, causing Alex to get turned on again. Then a sudden squish sound emanated from Nikki's rear as her fart abruptly stopped, then she blushed deeply. Her rear was a little wet. Nikki had just sharted in her tights.

"W-what was that sound?" Alex inquired, even though he had a good guess as to what just happened in the seat of Nikki's pants.

"I just sharted, baby~ I just couldn't hold it in anymore! It was a messy little fart of mine!" Nikki answered in a slightly seductive voice. She moved her butt around in the seat, causing the small amount of mush in her pants to mush around with her butt. She blushed at the feeling.

"I thought so." Alex said as his pants bulged out in the front again. Alex sure was having a dream come true tonight!

After 5 minutes of driving, they both arrived at Alex's house. Nikki had the car really stinked up with the smell of her accidental release. Alex enjoyed every moment in that car.

Alex then opened his car door, and began walking to the front porch of his home. Nikki did the same, waiting behind Alex. She had one hand on her belly, and the other on her rear as she whined quietly, getting to the peak of desperation.

"Ooogh hurry Alex! I gotta goooo!" Nikki whined as she squirmed in place. Alex then unlocked the front door and walked in, Nikki following behind.

"The bathroom is up the flight of steps, down the hall, and to the right!" Alex chimed to Nikki. As Alex walked into his living room, Nikki began making her way up the steps.

After about 2 steps, Nikki's stomach and bowels gurgled as a very bubbly fart escaped her bum. She blushed as she pushed it out, then continued making her way up the stairs.

Nikki arrived at the top of the steps, then began walking, or waddling slowly considering her circumstances, down the long hallway. She took arrived at the end of the hall, and looked at a door on the right side.

The door had a label written on it. It read 'bathroom'. Maybe Alex had do many visitors over that he had to label the restroom.

Nikki slowly waddled up to the door, and placed her hand on the door handle. She attempted to turn the knob, but it didn't move.

"W-what..? Aw come on!" Nikki cried as she jiggled the door handle more with no luck. Nikki refused to believe the truth, but the door was jammed.

Just as she tried one more time, her stomach gurgled violently. She groaned as she placed both hands on her belly.

"Nononononono! I'm so close! I gotta make!" Nikki cried as she stared at the door. But there was no use in trying to deny it. The inevitable was going to happen, whether Nikki liked it or not.

Her bowels rumbled deeply as she placed both hands on her rear, and a sudden squish emanated from her rear.

"Nonooo!" Nikki whined, but there was no use in complaining. The inevitable was happening.

A bubbly crackle sounded from her rear as a bulge began to form on her tights. Her hands began getting pushed further from her rear as a mound of mush grew in the seat of her pants.

The crackling soon changed to a splorching and squelching sound as the mess pouring from her butt and into her pants and panties grew softer and wetter. Gushing sounds blew from her rear as the bulge began to grow to enormous proportions. The bulge just grew bigger with each bit of mush being pushed into her tights.

Nikki placed one hand on her mouth as the other remained on the bulge. She blushed as she just gave up, and started pushing.

A loud squelch sounded as a torrent of mush evacuated into her already soiled pants. Her tights couldn't bulge out anymore, so her growing mess spread out more across her bum, like a smelly pancake. It began working it's way up towards her back, but her tights wouldn't allow for leaks. Squish sounds were heard as her panties could hold no more, and the wet mush began pouring from her panty leg holes and into the back of her tight's legs.

The rear of her tight's legs began bulging out and the mush worked it's way down her legs.

Nikki pushed put the remainder of her mess, and blushed deeply. The inevitable happened to Nikki. Nikki just shit her pants.

"Oh my god.. I just.. Messed myself.." Nikki mumbled quietly to herself. She needed to tell Alex tge door was locked. Otherwise she'd be stuck in the messy pants.

Nikki began waddling down the hallway to the stairs, then began walking down them. About halfway down the stairs, Nikki let out a disgusting fart. The mess in her soiled pants made the fart sound very bubbly. She continued down the stairs, then turned left and entered the living room.

"Well there you are, Nikki! Did you relieve yourself?" Alex asked. She nodded shyly, then looked at Alex.

"What's wrong, love?" Alex inquired. Then Nikki turned around, revealing the massive, brown bulge in the seat of her black tights.

"Oh my god... That's hot~" Alex said seductively. Nikki then waddled over to Alex on the couch, then pushed him down onto his back, and crawled on top of him. She took his hand, and placed it on the bulge in the back of her pants.

"Then let's have some fun, hot stuff~" Nikki whispered into Alex's ear as she began roughly kissing him. They were definitely going to have plenty of fun tonight!

*023*2018-11-12 14:23

{{6 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

That was a fun read! I especially liked the description of the "accident."

I'd like to second the request from @Mrgala21

! I can totally picture a self-conscious young woman wanting to avoid going #2 in her friend's bathroom at all costs.

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it! I personally like having more drawn out descriptions of accidents. I think it makes it much better to picture in your head!

As for the request from @Mrgala21

, I shall start that one as soon as possible! Thanks for reading!

