Hidden - Page 2

Author: secretomoact

*025*2023-11-16 23:18

Written for the Omovember prompt "Misunderstandings".

***

The next time Hugo went to the library, he had received a response from Ethan. He was pleased to learn that he was doing a lot of things right, taking River and Duncan out on simple day trips to help them feel more comfortable was a great idea. Ethan emphasized that, if at any point they said they needed to leave a place or it seemed to become too much for them, Hugo should remove them from the situation immediately, but to make sure to praise them for trying.

Hugo thought he’d been doing alright with that.

Ethan also advised that Hugo should have them each make short lists of places they’d like to visit someday, ranking them from which sounded the easiest, and which sounded the hardest. Then, they could work through that list together. That way, Hugo wouldn’t have to worry about pushing them too hard or not enough, since they’d be setting the pace themselves. Ethan said it was important that they felt like they had all of the agency and control in their situation.

The final suggestion was that River and Duncan might do well with a comfort animal, something they could take care of and spend time with, and that could help soothe them when they were frightened or stressed.

Hugo thought that might help. Apart from River’s bladder nearly bursting all over him, they HAD enjoyed their time at the zoo. And, after River was finally able to pee, the rest of the trip had gone perfectly well. The animals there seemed to calm them both, and Hugo had heard them both discussing a desire for a pet.

He decided a cat might be the best option. Cats lived long lives, so it would be able to remain by their sides for many years. And, unlike a dog, a cat would be perfectly happy to stay indoors in the cabin.

When Hugo suggested the idea of a cat to them, both River and Duncan agreed that they would love to have one. So, the next day, they were going to head to the animal shelter to pick one out.

The following morning, Duncan woke up before River. When he sat up and glanced down at his partner, he noticed the other man was flailing and fidgeting. ‘Poor River…’ he thought. He must have been having another nightmare. Duncan smoothed his hand down River’s body, attempting to comfort him, but when he got close to River’s lower belly, he had to jerk his hand away as River’s own suddenly thrust itself between his legs.

Oh. Maybe he wasn’t having a bad dream, then… “Wake up, River,” Duncan said, nudging him. “I think you need to—“

River blinked awake, then shot straight up, tightening his grip on himself. “Ffff—“ He winced. “I’m gonna—“ He stumbled onto his feet, wide-awake but unable to move very well with the immense pressure battering against his fragile dam.

Duncan laughed softly as River sprinted from the room, breathing choppily and biting back whimpers. This was how a lot of mornings went for River, if he didn’t either wet the sheets or get up in the night to use the chamber pot under the bed, when he woke up he’d have about two minutes to reach the toilet before he exploded.

At least, Duncan thought, the adrenaline of nearly having an accident every morning would chase away any of River’s lingering drowsiness…

Duncan stood from the bed and shifted uncomfortably. His own morning urge wasn’t quite as devastating as River’s, but his bladder was doing an unpleasant amount of throbbing. He considered dragging the pot out from beneath the bed, since neither of them had used it during the night, but he figured that would be kind of silly. He could wait until River was done.

Duncan went down the hallway and waited uncomfortably by the restroom door. He could hear River gushing, the sound so loud that Duncan’s thighs tensed up in response to a few more achy pangs. He hopped gently on his toes, trying to ignore the noise of River’s relief. It was so much harder to hold it while listening to someone else peeing so forcefully.

The hissing died down to a trickle and then stopped entirely before the toilet was flushed. The sink ran for about a second and finally the door popped open. Pink-faced, and far more calm than he’d been a few minutes ago, River stepped out. Duncan tried not to notice the very small dark spot on the crotch of his pajama bottoms indicating that he’d started to go a few seconds too early.

“Thanks,” River said, looking down at Duncan’s wriggling feet. “S—Sorry… I tried to finish fast.”

“It’s fine.” Duncan didn’t mind always letting River go first, even when waiting on him made his holding muscles sting like they were now. Allowing River to use the toilet before him was just kind of necessary. Unless Duncan broke into a sneezing fit, River was generally the one most likely to have an accident if he was made to wait.

Duncan stepped into the restroom and pulled down his pants, finally seating himself on the toilet and relaxing. His stream poured gently into the bowl, drawing out a sigh. The tension eased away slowly, and he shivered a little as the last of it drained out of him. He stood and righted his clothing, washing his hands for a bit longer than River had— Hugo was always scolding River to wash his hands properly, that running them under the water for half a second didn’t count.

He got dressed for the day, then joined River on the couch and the two waited for Hugo to get up so they could go to the animal shelter. “Remind me never to drink so much water before bed again,” River said, palming his tender abdomen.

Duncan nodded and said he would, but River had made that same request to him so many times before and it never seemed to stick. “You’re still kinda sweaty,” Duncan noted.

“Well, I was basically exploding when I woke up, so I guess that makes you work up a sweat,” River said, wiping his forehead.

“Maybe,” Duncan said. “Or, maybe your shirt’s too warm…” He reached and started to lift River’s shirt.

River laughed, half-heartedly tugging it down again. “Duncan, I just got dressed…” he reminded.

“What would you do that for?” Duncan asked, sticking his hand up River’s shirt and rubbing a fingertip over his nipple. “You look better without anything on…”

River blushed, and tried hard not to moan. His chest had suddenly gotten so sensitive after he’d had it fixed. He thought it had something to do with actually being able to feel connected to it now that it didn’t hurt him to look at it. Whatever the reason, that teasing touch flicking over his nipple felt amazing and he shifted to give Duncan easier access without realizing it. “D—Duncan, Hugo’s gonna be up soon…”

Duncan continued to stroke little circles around River’s chest, pleased with himself when his partner shivered. He leaned closer so he could give River a kiss, hungrily exploring his mouth. “Mmmf, then maybe we should go back to our room…” he suggested breathily when they broke apart.

Maybe… They hadn’t done any more ‘touching’ since that first night a while ago. River definitely wanted more… He hadn’t said anything yet, but he was really curious about what it would feel like if Duncan decided to… Suck on him a little… That would be so unlike anything River had experienced before, the pleasurable sensations wouldn’t have any awful memories to battle against. River would really be able to stay right there, in that moment, with Duncan. “D—Do you think we have enough time?” He asked.

“I hope so,” Duncan said. “I’m already so hard.”

River could feel that, it was pressing up against him. In the past, when his clients had gotten hard after just a few minutes, River had felt more ashamed than anything else. But, knowing he’d aroused Duncan so quickly actually made him feel proud of himself. “Let’s—“

The door to Hugo’s room cracked open and the man wandered out.

“T—Tonight,” River amended. “Let’s do something together tonight…”

Duncan was disappointed that this was going to have to be cut short, but the promise of more fun after they’d gone to bed ensured he wasn’t too upset.

Hugo peed and got dressed, then asked if River and Duncan were ready to head out. River said he should probably use the bathroom again first just in case, and Duncan agreed with him. As always, Duncan waited for River to finish before taking his turn. But, when he got into the bathroom and sat down on the toilet, he found that his body was still a bit too ‘excited’ to let him actually pee.

He probably should have assumed this would happen. Since he’d discovered that getting himself erect was one way to help him hold it in, because when he was hard he couldn’t let anything out even when he was bursting apart at the seams, of course he wouldn’t get anything flowing through his pipes NOW when he barely even had to go!

He didn’t particularly want to leave the restroom yet, though. If he didn’t take care of at least ONE of his needs, he’d have a tent in his pants and Hugo would notice. So, he stroked himself a bit, the first fantasy that immediately popped into his mind involved River topping him. He hoped that would happen for real someday, feeling River inside him would probably be way more intense than any of his previous partners had felt. He loved River so much, joining together would be—

It didn’t take Duncan too long to get off thinking about all of that, thick ropes shot out of him and he had to wipe off his thighs. Breathing heavily, he angled his softening dick back down into the bowl and tried to go again. His bladder felt fuller now, and he really WOULD prefer to get it empty before leaving.

His body still didn’t want to start peeing right away though, it still wanted a few moments to recover before it could think about doing anything else. Duncan tried to relax his muscles, tried to focus on the tingling need inside his bladder, on willing it to flow downwards. It wasn’t working…

There was a knock on the door. “Duncan?” Hugo asked. “You almost finished?”

“Uhhh, yeah,” Duncan decided, standing and pulling his pants back up. If he couldn’t pee here when he was trying to, it was highly unlikely that he’d have an emergency between here and the animal shelter. He’d be alright.

Minutes later, the three of them were in the car heading towards the shelter, and Duncan was far less certain. The seat-belt was chafing his midsection, putting undue pressure on the bladder he’d failed to drain earlier. The problem, he knew, was that he couldn’t stop thinking about the fact that he hadn’t urinated before leaving the cabin. Since he was unable to get his mind off the subject of peeing, his need to do it was increasing much too quickly.

Duncan wasn’t sure how far away the shelter was, either, which added to his stress. He tensed up his thighs and bounced a knee, hoping he didn’t look like he had to pee when everyone in the car with him thought he’d just gone.

River seemed to notice his jittering, because he reached over and took his hand to give it a squeeze. “I know,” he said. “Another new place… But, it should be okay. There won’t be tons of noise or people.”

Duncan nodded. He’d been so preoccupied by his desire for a toilet break that he’d forgotten they were visiting an unfamiliar spot again today.

“What kind of cat would you want?” River asked, clearly still trying to calm Duncan down.

Duncan didn’t know. He hadn’t been thinking about it, he’d only been picturing the bathroom he hoped to find at the animal shelter. “Maybe a siamese?” He said. “I like those.”

“Okay,” River nodded. “I hope they have one there. When I was little, our neighbor had a siamese that would come visit our yard sometimes. He was friendly. But, Mom didn’t like me petting him.”

“Why not?” Duncan asked. “Was he sick?”

“No,” River said. “He couldn’t have been sick, because the neighbors still had him by the time Mom threw me out. She just didn’t want me to go near any animals, I never knew why.”

“Oh…” Duncan said. He fidgeted his legs, kicking his feet out in front of himself. “Maybe she just hated animals, so she didn’t want you to like them.”

“Maybe…” River agreed. His gaze was drawn to Duncan’s shifting feet. “It’s gonna be okay… I’ll be with you, and Hugo… It’s alright, I’m nervous too.”

Duncan tried to nod. Maybe if he whispered to River that he hadn’t been able to pee before they’d left, he’d understand. River had seen how rock-hard he’d gotten…

Before he could consider that further, Hugo pulled onto another street and told them they’d be at the shelter in just a couple minutes. Duncan didn’t need to say anything, he’d be at a bathroom very soon.

When they got out of the car, Duncan cringed and bounced a few times as his bladder was shaken. Pee rushed towards his opening, prompting him to twist one leg against the other for a second. He was dismayed by how quickly his urge had worsened, but glad that he was so close to being able to alleviate it.

River came around to his side and took his hand again, squeezing it firmly. He looked more nervous now, eyes darting around their surroundings, scoping out the other vehicles in the parking lot.

Duncan squeezed back, trying to help him stay calm.

“Alright,” Hugo said. “Let’s get you two a new friend.” He led them into the shelter, and now Duncan was the one glancing around frantically. He’d hoped the restroom would be right by the entrance, but unfortunately he wasn’t that lucky.

While Hugo talked to the woman at the front desk and explained they were looking to adopt a cat, Duncan kept searching for any signs that might tell him where the toilets were. However, the only signs in this room were about animal vaccines, pet food brands, and recommended veterinary clinics.

He stood on the tips of his toes for a second, then lowered himself again. For some reason, this action soothed the tides in his bladder, so he did it a few more times.

River furrowed his brow, rubbing Duncan’s hand slowly. “It’s okay,” he whispered. “I know, it’s kind of a tiny room…”

‘I need to pee, River!’ Duncan thought. He tried to give in and SAY it, too. But, he could already feel his throat starting to squeeze. No, no, no, not now! Not when he had something so important to tell River! “I… I…” that was all that would come out!

River stroked his arm, “Take your time…” he encouraged. “Your voice will come back, it has before…” His own voice was cracking now, worry bubbling in his chest. Duncan was losing his ability to talk again, he was so stressed…

Thinking it must have been the small, unfamiliar and cramped room that was doing it, River hoped Hugo finished speaking to that woman soon.

Duncan prayed for him to hurry up as well, but for a distinctly different reason. He really wanted to just start wandering through this place until he found the room his body was demanding, but the thought of walking off without Hugo was so frightening that it made all of his skin twitch. His bladder throbbed as he recalled how EASY it had once been to look for a toilet by himself when he really needed to go, back when he hadn’t felt the need to be glued to someone’s side any time he was out of his home.

Hugo turned back to them, “Okay,” he said. “Come on…” He led them out of that first room and down a hallway, Duncan urgently glanced up and down it, lip trembling and forehead sweating. His heart thudded when he still couldn’t see a bathroom from his current position.

River was glancing around as well, but when he noticed how panicked Duncan looked, he rubbed his thumb against his boyfriend’s hand. “It’s okay… It’s just us here…”

‘River, I need to find the bathroom now!’ Duncan thought. And, he tried once more to say it. ‘River, I have to pee!’ It was such a simple sentence. Just five words. But, his throat felt stapled shut, and he only managed a small whimpering noise. He wished he could just get out one word— Maybe if he was able to say the word ‘pee’ and nothing else, River would understand and realize what he needed.

“I think we’ll both feel way more calm once we see the cats,” River assured him. “That should help.”

Duncan nodded shakily. Yeah, the cats probably WOULD help him feel more relaxed about being out of the house. And, if he was more relaxed, then maybe he’d be able to talk!

Continuing down the hallway was not enjoyable, though. Nervous butterflies in his stomach started to dig closer and closer down towards his full bladder. It was like his anxiety about being outside was kicking his kidneys into over-drive, he swore he felt another cup of liquid being dumped into his bladder every few steps.

He had to pause at one point to tense his thighs and tap his feet, accidentally tugging River backwards.

River jumped and looked at Duncan, who’d seemingly just frozen in the middle of the hall. Aw… Poor thing… River could kind of understand why his surroundings were making him uncomfortable. The walls were a pale orange color, eerily similar to the walls in some areas of the building where The Organization had kept them. River had been keeping his eyes on the floor in front of him to keep himself from shuddering.

Once they got to the cats and Duncan was reminded that he was in a safe place and not a torture dungeon, he’d be okay. River hoped. “We’re close,” River told him. “Not much further.”

Duncan forced himself to continue moving, ignoring the twinges that went down his shaft any time he put his foot down too harshly. He thought about stopping again then, upon grabbing River’s attention, doubling over, holding himself, and crossing his legs as tight as they’d go. River would definitely get the message THEN, but Duncan would be so humiliated. He didn’t want to tangle himself up in such an obvious knot unless it became absolutely necessary, and right now he was able to keep himself mostly under control just by pressing his thighs together and being really careful about how fast he moved.

They finally made it to the room where the cats were kept. There were plenty of different breeds, some tiny kittens, and some much larger adult cats. Duncan had some trouble focusing on them, however. He was instead shifting his gaze throughout the room, hoping against hope that he’d see another door with a sign tacked to it designating it as a restroom. There wasn’t one, and Duncan’s bladder swelled further with irritation. His legs buckled slightly and he rubbed them against each other, palming his crotch for a second before pulling the hand away with a blush.

No one had been looking, and he wasn’t sure whether to be grateful for that or not. He didn’t want River and Hugo to see him desperately gripping his crotch, but when he wasn’t able to make himself SAY he needed to pee, that was probably the only way they’d know to find him a toilet.

“Look at this one,” River said, taking Duncan to one of the cages. It contained a very small white kitten. It emitted a few high-pitched, squeaking mews as it looked up at them. “I think it’s saying hello…”

Duncan’s heart probably WOULD have been melting if his bladder wasn’t thrashing around so violently. He nervously crossed one leg over the other, bobbing in place. The kitten continued to meow, and Duncan wished that HE was able to talk as easily as it could…

He and River looked into the next cage at an enormous orange tabby. It stretched and yawned tiredly at them before turning away. “Heh, this one must be shy…” River said. He reached a finger through the grate on the cage to pet the cat for a few seconds. It started to purr. “You wanna pet it too?”

Duncan gave that a try, hopeful that doing so would relax him enough to loosen up his voice. The cat was warm and soft, and he could imagine letting it sleep at the foot of his and River’s bed. He smiled, but it turned into a grimace when his bladder spasmed and heat buzzed at the base of his dick. He quickly drew his hand back and adjusted his fly anxiously.

They continued to look at the cats, River seemed to love all of them. Duncan did too, it just wasn’t as easy for him to pay attention to them all. So much of his attention was attached to the surging, consistently throbbing mass of liquid crammed into his lower body. He’d had to make a few more grabs at his crotch when particularly sharp twinges made him fear he was about to leak. Each time he let go, he hoped no one had noticed. Then, cursed himself because deep down he wished someone WOULD.

River worried at his bottom lip. He’d thought the cats would soothe Duncan down a bit, but he was still so jittery and twitchy. He still didn’t feel safe… River wasn’t sure what to do. Should he just hurry up and suggest a cat so that they could leave faster?

Or maybe… Duncan had never had a cat before, so perhaps he was allergic to them and hadn’t known? Was that what was making him shake? This shelter had one hairless cat, so River supposed they could get that one if Duncan was allergic to the rest of them…

But, no, that probably wasn’t it. Duncan hadn’t started coughing or sneezing, he was just shuddering and staying quiet. He was scared, and River wasn’t doing a good enough job of helping him feel better.

River paused to pull Duncan into a hug, rubbing his back gently. “You really want to go home, huh?” He asked.

‘Not without peeing first!’ Duncan thought. ‘Please, River, I really need to use the bathroom!’

Hugo came around beside them. He too had been wary of Duncan’s shaking. He hadn’t expected either one of them to get very frightened here, but clearly something was bothering Duncan. “Do either of you have a favorite yet?” He asked.

Duncan liked the big orange one best, mostly because of how loudly it purred. He liked the sound, it was calming. He could probably fall asleep listening to it if his bladder wasn’t pounding against the walls of his abdomen so tyrannically.

River went straight to that cage, apparently he liked that cat as well. “How about this one?” He suggested. “Do you like this one, Duncan?”

Duncan nodded, smiling as best he could when his holding muscles were trembling and beginning to burn.

“Okay,” Hugo said. “That’s the one we’ll get…” He looked at the labels on the cage. “Says his name is Rusty… Let’s go tell the woman at the front desk.”

Great, another long walk down the hall, during which Duncan already knew he wouldn’t pass a bathroom.

It was an even bigger strain on his body than the first walk had been. He felt SO full now that, rather than thinking the pee inside of him was sloshing with each step, he thought it had all congealed into a stone-hard mass of awful need. He was sweating copiously, and he wished that the liquid running off his face and down his back in heavy streams was being drawn out of his bladder. He was losing so much fluid from his body, he couldn’t believe there was still enough left to bloat out his abdomen.

They returned to the main room, and Duncan swore he was going to explode. He held himself for a second, then let go. Held himself, let go. Held himself, let go. He knew he should just keep his hand permanently glued to his crotch, both to calm his angry bladder and to ensure that Hugo or River would NOTICE, but he was just so embarrassed, and now the woman at the front desk was around to see it too!

Hugo went to talk with her again, telling her which cat they had chosen, and then she brought out a bunch of paperwork for him to sign and Duncan’s sweating increased tenfold as he imagined how long THAT was going to take, how much longer he was going to be forced to hold it…

River winced a little at the huge stack of papers, too. He was starting to need a bathroom break, and he’d been hoping that he could hold it until they got back home. But with all that paperwork and how fast his bladder always filled, he wasn’t sure how likely that was to happen. He could easily picture himself bursting halfway back to the cabin if he didn’t make sure to pee before they left here.

Still… Duncan really wanted to go home, River wouldn’t want to delay that any further than necessary. He’d try his best to wait, only now that he’d acknowledged his urge to pee, it was quite hard to ignore it and pretend like the pulsing in his abdomen wasn’t there. River, still holding Duncan’s hand, twisted around in search of a restroom. There didn’t seem to be a door to one in here, and he couldn’t recall passing a bathroom on the way to the cats, either.

He heard Duncan whimpering again, and ordered himself to ignore the increasing throbs in his lower belly. Duncan was trembling and shaking, and anxiously looking around. Obviously, he wanted to go home right away, River would make himself hold it until they got there. Poor Duncan… River could feel how frightened he was, the hand he was grasping onto was clammy and tense.

But, once Hugo had finished with the paperwork, River really didn’t think he COULD do that. He’d been palming his crotch with his free-hand every so often, adjusting the waistband of his pants with discomfort. If he got into the car with his bladder already this achy, he was going to have a very difficult time making it home. Wincing, River turned to Duncan “I’m really sorry,” he whispered. “I’m gonna have to use the bathroom before we leave here, do you mind having to hang around for a couple extra minutes? I promise, I’ll hurry.”

Duncan almost sprung a leak at the request. His legs, which had been crossing the entire time Hugo was handling the papers, tensed up as a warm droplet soaked into his boxers. ‘I don’t mind at all, please just take me with you!’ He thought. ‘Hurry!’ Duncan really hoped that, once they finally found the bathroom, it was meant for more than one person. If it wasn’t, then Duncan knew he’d have to wait for River to finish, and his bladder was already dripping its way out of him. He nodded at River.

“I can pee?”

Another, much more eager nod.

“Okay, thank you!” River breathed out. “I’m sorry— It’s just, if we hit traffic there’s no way I’ll make it…”

Hugo turned back away from the desk, “She’s getting Rusty ready to leave,” he informed. “I’m sure he’ll be happy to come home with us.”

“Great,” River said. “Have you seen a bathroom here?”

Hugo shook his head, “I guess it must be this way…” he said, leading them off.

They had to go back into the narrow hallway again, with the same pale orange walls… River flinched, remembering the last place he’d seen that color, and feeling just awful for making Duncan see them again when they made him so uncomfortable. ‘Still better than me flooding the backseat on the way home,’ he thought.

They were going in the opposite direction this time, and Duncan felt his eyes start to sting and water as River walked a bit too quickly for his bladder to tolerate. He understood River was in a hurry to go, but if he didn’t slow down he was going to slosh Duncan’s bladder out all over the floor. He jerked River’s hand a couple times, making his boyfriend look back at him. Once he had his attention, he shifted his hips and tried to convey that he was dying to pee. He knew he should just give in and grab his crotch, his bladder was begging him to, and it would make his problem perfectly clear to River. He wished the embarrassment would fade away so that he could make himself do it.

River frowned each time he felt Duncan tugging on him. The hallway was stressing him out again… River should have tried harder to hold it. “Duncan… It’s— I can try to wait until we get home,” he said. “Do you want to go back n—“

Duncan shook his head back and forth wildly.

“It’s really fine,” River said. “I mean, I gotta go, but I think I can make it.” That was a lie, because unless they stayed clear of traffic and hit every green light, River knew he’d have at least a bit of a damp spot in his boxers by the time they reached home. But, he could live with that if it meant he got Duncan away from the walls that were upsetting him.

More head shaking, Duncan’s eyes were wide and watery.

“Okay…” River said. If Duncan was sure, he wasn’t going to argue AGAINST actually getting to use the bathroom BEFORE his bladder had the chance to swell up within an inch of its life.

“Found it,” Hugo said, standing beside a door.

Duncan looked at it. Finally, a bathroom. But, it was clearly meant for only one person to use… He cringed and told himself he could handle one more minute… Ohhh, he wanted to go first! He needed it more than River! He was the one that had already started leaking! “Nnnh…” Duncan managed.

“I’ll be really fast,” River said gently. “We can go back as soon as I’m done.”

“Mmmf….” Duncan whimpered. “River… River! … Bursting!”

“No, it’s okay, it’s not an emergenc—“ River paused, now considering an entirely different explanation for Duncan’s shuddering all afternoon. “… Do you mean that YOU’RE bursting?”

Duncan nodded, squeezing his eyes closed and coiling his legs together. ‘Yes, River! I have to go so bad! I can’t wait anymore!’

“Oh…” River’s stomach felt heavy, and not just because his bladder was still rapidly filling. He’d failed to notice the real cause of Duncan’s distress all this time, accidentally forcing him to hold it for ages. A moment ago, when he’d offered to just turn around and head back WITHOUT reaching the bathroom, he hoped Duncan hadn’t thought he was trying to tease him! “Alright, I’ll wait for you this time,” River said. “I don’t ALWAYS need to take the first turn.”

Duncan didn’t immediately rush into the bathroom, biting his lip instead.

“I’m serious, I can hang on a couple more minutes, I don’t need to go THAT bad.”

Duncan pushed open the door and stumbled in. Hopping in place, he locked the door with one hand while the other unbuttoned his pants. A squirt of heat soaked into his boxers as he hobbled backwards, pushing his pants down. He collapsed onto the toilet seat, his stream roaring into the bowl as soon as he was able to feel porcelain beneath him. He found his voice again, unable to restrain the euphoric moan of relief that tore out of him. “Ahhh…” An orgasmic shudder worked its way through his spine, making him shake and pant from the intensity of his release.

He tried to get it all out as fast as he could, mindful of River still waiting to go, but it still took him a while to empty. He’d just needed to go so badly… When he was at last tapped out and the final droplets had plinked into the bowl, he stood onto his wobbly legs and pulled his pants back up.

Duncan opened the door, hearing River exhale before he eagerly rushed in. He could hear River unzipping, but that was followed up with nothing. No stream of liquid crashed into the toilet, and after several more seconds of silence passed, River was mumbling and Duncan heard the sound of shoes hopping against tile.

He knocked on the door, trying to find his voice again. “River… Okay?”

“I can’t go…” River called back. “It’s too… I don’t know, even with you and Hugo out there, I just can’t…”

Duncan jiggled the doorknob, and River opened it a second later. “Y—Yeah, come in…” he said.

Duncan did as requested, then turned away to face the wall so River would have some privacy.

River returned to the toilet, freeing himself again. Now that he was in front of a toilet, his bladder was throbbing crazily, and he felt like he was going to start spraying uncontrollably at any second. But, instead his bladder just kept searing away and nothing would come out.

This room was too unfamiliar, and being behind a locked door in an unfamiliar place just… It didn’t feel good. His muscles wouldn’t unclamp, even though he really, really needed them to! “Nnnh, Duncan, I know this is weird, but I think… I think it will work if you’re watching me.”

Duncan didn’t turn around immediately. He understood River felt safer peeing with someone near him, but it was a bit of a surprise that today he needed to be actively watched the whole time as well. He… He wouldn’t MIND watching, any opportunity to see River’s dick was always going to be welcome…

“Duncan, hurry?” River pleaded. “I’m serious— Standing in front of a toilet and not peeing feels like Hell…”

Duncan turned around and met River’s gaze before his attention was grabbed by River’s cock instead, held limply in his shaking hands. “Thank y—“ River started to say, interrupted by a jet of liquid pouring from him and making him shiver. “Ahhh… Thank you…”

Duncan kept his eyes focused on River the entire time he was peeing, startled that simply LOOKING at him had caused him to release like that. Duncan was worried that if he glanced away again, River would get tense again and accidentally cut himself off mid-flow. And, he didn’t want to stop watching anyway, even when River was using it as a super-soaker, Duncan loved having an excuse to stare at his dick.

“Phew…” River sighed as he finally shook himself off and zipped his pants. “Thank you… I’m sorry that was strange…” Looking at Duncan’s flushed face, he added “I guess you didn’t mind getting to look, though…”

Duncan shook his head. He hadn’t minded at all.

Now that neither one of them was worried about exploding, Hugo took them back to the main room. Rusty was in a carrier, ready to head home. He was meowing a lot, not happy about needing to ride in a box.

They left the animal shelter and, once they were in the car, Duncan found he could speak a lot easier, “You feel better, River?”

“Yeah,” River said. “Guess I just need you to watch me sometimes… Sorry…”

“It’s okay,” Duncan said.

“And, I’m REALLY sorry I didn’t notice earlier that you had to go,” River added. “I thought you were just scared and stressed because of the color of the walls.”

Duncan furrowed his brows, “Huh?”

“The… The paint in the hallway, it was pretty much the same as… You know…”

Duncan thought it over, “I… Honestly, I think I had to pee so bad that I didn’t even notice,” he admitted.

“Sorry…”

“It’s fine,” Duncan said. “I wish I could have said something, but it… It wasn’t working. I tried…”

“I know…”

“Maybe,” Hugo said. “We need to come up with some hand-gestures for you to use when we’re out. That way you can let us know when you’re hungry, or thirsty, or need the bathroom, or.… Anything else.”

“I was thinking about that,” Duncan said. “About… You know… Holding myself, so you’d know… But I got so embarrassed that I couldn’t.”

“We’ll think of something else you can do,” Hugo said. “A little less obvious than that.”

“Okay,” Duncan said.

*026*2023-11-22 21:03

Written for the Omovember prompt "Peeing On Someone".

***

Rusty spent the rest of the day hiding under River and Duncan’s bed.

Duncan filled Rusty’s food and water bowls in case he decided to come back out, but he seemed happiest just curling up under the bed for now. Duncan frowned, “I’m worried that he’s going to go hungry…” he said.

“I’m sure he’ll come out when he wants to eat,” River said. “He’s like you when we first got here, remember? You didn’t want to come out of bed.”

“I guess,” Duncan said. “But, at least you knew what was scaring me.”

“I think he just isn’t used to being here yet,” River said. “He’ll come out later.”

“I hope so…” Duncan yawned. “Sleepy…” He climbed into bed. “Did you remember to pee?”

River nodded, blushing. It felt so funny to have someone remind him to do that! He knew Duncan was only doing it because of the emergency River had woken up to this morning. But, the thing was, he HAD remembered to pee right before bed yesterday, his small bladder just didn’t like being made to wait through an entire night.

It felt… Extra funny to have someone care enough about him to try to help him manage it. “Yeah, I went.” He laid down beside Duncan, reddening more as he remembered what else had happened that morning. “Did you want to… Uh… Continue from earlier?”

“I did,” Duncan admitted. “But, I don’t think the cat’s gonna like it if the bed starts rocking around…”

River didn’t think his face could get any warmer, “Eheh… Guess not…”

“Tomorrow, babe,” Duncan said, kissing him. “I’m looking forward to it.”

“Me too,” River said. “Goodnight.”

***

Duncan woke up to his bladder cramping. ‘Dammit,’ he thought. ‘I reminded River to pee before bed, but forgot to do it myself… I hope he hasn’t already used the pot tonight…’ He opened his eyes blearily and sat up, feeling his pajama pants constricting more sharply into his aching midsection. “Oof…” As he woke up more and his surrounding started to clear, he realized he wasn’t in the cabin, he was in his dorm room from boarding school. Wha…? Had all that other stuff been a drea—

No. He couldn’t have just imagined the last several years of his life. THIS was the dream. He wriggled and put a hand between his legs. He knew without checking that there would be no pot under the bed for him to use— Not that it mattered, because relieving himself now would just result in some seriously soaked sheets. He had to wake up.

Duncan pinched his thigh, only feeling a sharp pain and a much more angry throb from his bladder. “Come on, wake up…” he mumbled. “I need to go bad…”

His roommates were starting to get up as well, and one of them turned to him, laughing. “Are you gonna wet your pants again, dude?”

Duncan flinched, blushing in spite of himself. This was all imaginary, it shouldn’t matter… “N—No, Theo,” he said.

Theo snorted again, “Yeah, I’ll bet. We still haven’t forgotten about you pissing yourself your first night here.”

Duncan turned away. He hadn’t forgotten it, either. He certainly hadn’t forgotten all the teasing the incident had earned him. He’d chosen to go to boarding school to get AWAY from the bullying he’d been enduring, but then his very first night he ensured that his roommates would BECOME his bullies. And, no matter how many times he tried to explain that he’d just thought he wasn’t allowed to leave his room to pee, they never believed him. They still insisted he wet the bed like a baby. And he was STUCK sharing a room with them until he graduated.

And now he was stuck with them AGAIN even though he’d left school ages ago. God, he had to wake up… He pinched his leg once more, and earned himself a jolt of desperation rather than sudden wakefulness. He rubbed his ankles together.

One of his other roommates, Daniel sat up in his bed, “Can you not stand up to reach the bathroom?” He taunted. “Poor baby…”

Duncan COULD stand up. Since, in reality, he was laying down in bed, he didn’t think standing would DO anything to effect the hold he had over his bladder. He just didn’t WANT to get up, he didn’t want to leave the room. If he found a toilet, he’d be all too tempted to use it and then he really would have an accident.

His final roommate Keegan snickered, “Would be a shame if we all beat him to the restroom and he had to just wait…”

With that, all three of them were out the door. Duncan stayed in place a while longer. This was a favorite tactic of theirs that he remembered, they loved reaching the bathroom in the morning before Duncan could, especially when they knew he’d woken up ready to explode. It didn’t seem to matter to them that the line was always huge in the morning anyway, and that the addition of three people to wait through didn’t make too much of a difference when there were already dozens to start with. They just liked having a front row seat to Duncan’s squirming.

It also didn’t matter if any of THEM were also desperate in the line. Their amusement at Duncan’s suffering provided a distraction, and they never teased EACH OTHER for squirming or grabbing themselves, only Duncan. Because, Duncan was the baby who’d peed the bed his first night here.

None of that mattered now, Duncan just had to wake up, get the chamber pot out from under the bed, sit down on it and relax. It was such a simple process, but he couldn’t figure out how to accomplish the first step!

Maybe he’d wake up if he got scared—

No.

Absolutely not.

He was GLAD that, if he had to be stuck in a dream, it was a memory from his school years that he was trapped in, and NOT any of his more horrifying experiences. Getting scared would not force himself awake in time, getting scared would probably make him pee the sheets even faster.

He finally stood from the bed. To his surprise, the action caused the liquid in him to slosh and crash painfully against the tender walls of his abdomen. Duncan knew that was just his imagination, but it made him grit his teeth and palm his crotch anyway. ‘Gotta get out of here…’ he thought.

He exited the room, and couldn’t stop himself from looking down the hall to where he knew the bathroom was located. The line looked far longer than any of the ones he’d seen when he’d ACTUALLY been in school. Dozens upon dozens of other guys all grimacing and fidgeting around as they waited to unload everything their bladders had been pumped with during the night.

Duncan ignored it. Getting in that line wouldn’t help him at all.

“Duncan!” Theo called. “Where are you going? Don’t tell me you already had an accident!”

Duncan didn’t know why, but he was just compelled to join the line beside Theo and the others. Theo reached out a hand and dug his finger into Duncan’s side, tickling and prodding the hard swell of his bladder. And, Duncan’s traitorous imagination had such a stranglehold over him that he FELT it clear as day. He stomped his feet and moaned.

“Awww…” Daniel said. “Careful, I don’t think he’s gonna make it!”

“Why can’t you just leave me alone?!” Duncan snapped. As those words left his mouth, a peculiar sense of deja-vu began to take hold. He thought he’d yelled that statement at them before, during a very similar situation.

“Mostly because you’re a creep,” Keegan said, jabbing his finger into Duncan’s other side and making him yelp as more painful vibrations stabbed through his bladder. “You’re always staring at everybody in the locker room.”

“N—No, I’m not!” Duncan protested, and he had more of that unsettling feeling that all of this had happened before. He was trying his best to remember, but his desire to wake up was far more important. He just wanted this dream to stop, he needed to be able to reach the chamber pot NOW. His pee had to come out so badly that his stomach hurt. And. even if it was just his imagination, having his tearing-at-the-seams bladder jabbed into made him want to cry.

“You are,” Theo said. “You’re such a fag.”

“I’m not!” Duncan insisted, and then it started coming back to him more. The Hell school became for him once the others started to notice that HE was starting to notice other guys. The Summer before, he had attempted to come out to his parents, and home had become miserable as well. They said that if he truly was gay, then they would no longer consider him their son and he would be left out of their will.

So, the next year at school, Duncan dedicated a lot of his time to attempting to change himself. He tried to FORCE himself to be interested in girls, but felt zero attraction towards any of the ones he knew. Meanwhile, the guys around him just kept getting MORE interesting.

He didn’t want to make his parents hate him, and thought that he’d definitely change if he started to HURT himself every time he looked at a guy for too long or thought about a guy in the ‘wrong’ way.

Now, he glanced down at his arms, finding the rubber bands over them. He’d told everyone that he just liked to use them as bracelets. But, in reality, whenever he ‘slipped up’ he’d pull back one of the bands and let it smack against his skin so that it would burn him. He thought if he learned to associate arousal with pain, he’d be ‘cured’.

That didn’t work, so he got more extreme with his punishments. He would tell himself not to eat until he ‘got better’, but the teachers at school noticed him refusing food and MADE him eat. So, next he told himself he didn’t deserve to sleep until he was ‘fixed’. This lasted four days, and then he passed out randomly at his desk during class and nobody could wake him up. Everyone thought he was sick and one of the teachers brought him to the nurse to rest.

So, after that, he decided to not allow himself to pee until he could go an entire day without checking out any guys. So, at minimum, he would be holding his bladder for 24 hours. He even forced himself to drink extra water, because he believed he deserved to be in as much as possible so that he would learn his lesson and could make his parents happy with him.

Six absolutely excruciating hours later, Duncan was showering before bedtime and the second the water hit his skin, his bladder just broke and he peed uncontrollably for over a minute.

He gave up on the punishments after that since none of them had worked, he decided that instead he’d just PRETEND he was straight so his parents would be happier. He started going out with girls, but his disinterest was obvious to most of them. He’d try to talk about hot girls with other guys, and everything he said sounded forced and weird. But, his parents believed he’d been ‘cured’, so he considered it a success.

However, the majority of his classmates saw through it, especially his roommates. If anything, the things Duncan said to convince them that he had the hots for some girl only made it MORE obvious that he wasn’t interested. And, they used it as one more reason to pick on him. He knew, deep down, that they would have bullied him just as much even if he WAS straight, since that was just how they were. His sexuality just gave them a warped way to mentally ‘justify’ what they were doing, and more ideas of things to say that would make him feel like shit.

But, there was one day where Duncan had woken up blisteringly desperate for the restroom, only to have them beat him to the line. The whole time they were waiting, they took turns poking his middle and teasing him as he fought not to make a puddle in the hall. Then, each of them took as long as possible to go. Finally, Duncan was stuck waiting just on Keegan, who stayed in the restroom until all the bells started chiming and Duncan would have to run to the building where classes were held to avoid getting in trouble.

Then he’d struggled to hold his very urgent morning pee through the entire class, but ultimately it became too much and he waved his hand around desperately to beg for a toilet break. He’d have the request granted, only for Theo to suddenly have an emergency as well, pleading that if he wasn’t allowed to leave too, he’d wet his pants. So, Theo joined Duncan, and Duncan didn’t make it to the bathroom. No, instead Theo forced him into a supply closet and held the door shut as Duncan punched against it and begged to be let out before he exploded.

The commotion got the attention of one of the teachers, and she forced Theo to let Duncan out, but Duncan STILL wasn’t allowed to use the toilet even then. BOTH of them were brought to the headmaster’s office for ‘fighting’, and Duncan had to sit through a lecture while knotting up his legs and clamping his hands over his crotch. Finally, he just blurted out that he was about to have an accident, earning laughter from Theo and a glare from the headmaster, but he was at least given permission to use the bathroom.

Only THEN, after all that waiting and suffering and holding, was Duncan finally able to relieve his poor bladder.

And, now, Duncan was positive THAT was the memory he was stuck reliving tonight. Naturally, what stuck in his mind the most was how it had felt to actually GO that day after so much time spent in agony. That was the part that came to him the most clearly, because it was the only part he WISHED he could repeat.

Sort of, anyway. He knew that, if his dream remained a perfect play-by-play of that horrible morning, then when he at long last got to stand in front of a toilet and release, the result would be a very sodden bed. As much as he longed to feel that relief again, Duncan just needed to wake himself up.

Standing in line, being tormented by his roommates just like he’d done in real-life wasn’t the way to get out of here. Duncan didn’t know why, but he felt certain that the only way to escape his dream was to refuse to play by its rules. He wouldn’t LET the memory repeat itself, he’d do something different.

The line for the toilet, despite its promise of relief, wasn’t going to grant him any. So, he stepped out of it. His bladder thrashed and churned, liquid swishing inside of him. His body was still convinced that a real toilet was waiting for him at the other end of the line, it couldn’t fathom why he’d leave now when he was still so full.

“Where are you going?” Keegan asked. “You’re not gonna take a leak in a vase again, are you?”

Duncan didn’t look back. This Keegan wasn’t real. He’d left the actual Keegan behind a long time ago, he couldn’t taunt him anymore.

Keegan may not have been capable of further teasing, but Duncan’s brain sure was. He passed by more water fountains that he could recall ACTUALLY being in his dorm room when he’d been attending school. And, all of them were flicked on, people drinking from them noisily. He also encountered a second restroom that DEFINITELY hadn’t existed in real life, and this one didn’t have a line, just an incredibly tempting, wide open door.

He could see a row of urinals from where he was standing, and his middle pulsed and twisted as it felt like another few cups of urine flooded into his bladder all at once. Ohhhh, he just wanted to pee! The urinals LOOKED so real, like he could walk right up to one, unzip, and gush like crazy, and nothing would end up getting wet that wasn’t supposed to. He stepped in place frantically, wanting nothing more than to rush into that bathroom and go, but trying to convince himself to keep moving.

‘It’s a dream, you KNOW it’s a dream. You can’t use the bathroom,’ he thought. ‘Ahhh, but I have to!’ It was incredibly difficult to drag himself away, and even harder to try to put the image of the urinals out of his mind. Again, his bladder ached severely, shooting pains rolling through his midsection. His body didn’t want to accept that the urinals were just figments of his imagination.

He stumbled out of his dorm, and everything outside looked basically the same as he remembered it. The big fountain in the center of the campus was DEFINITELY larger than it used to be, though. And, it certainly hadn’t had a statue of a man peeing into it as one of its features in real life, either. Duncan would have definitely noticed it if that had been the case since it was, honestly, kind of hot.

He blushed at the direction of his thoughts. It wasn’t HIS fault that the statue had to depict such a chiseled, attractive man, was it?

Er… Maybe it KIND OF was, since it was a part of his dream and, thus, was spawned from his imagination. There was an idea, perhaps if he turned this ‘I’m-gonna-piss-myself’ dream into a DIFFERENT kind of ‘wet’ dream, he’d have an easier time holding his bladder until he woke up.

Maybe that would work… He hoped that, since he was AWARE that he was dreaming, he would have at least a little bit of control over what happened during it. He tried to transport himself away from his old school and into bed with River.

But, his stubborn brain kept him right where he was, staring at a statue doing the same thing that he was currently dying to do. He just had to wake up… He scurried past the statue, keeping a hand to his crotch the whole time. No sense in being embarrassed about holding himself in public when none of the people near him were even real.

He wound up in one of the hallways, and it was quite a bit different from how he remembered it looking in real life. For starters, in real life, the hall had not been lined with urinals and his classmates didn’t mill around, casually using them as if it was perfectly normal to be emptying their bladders in the middle of a crowded hall.

He hobbled past all of that, needing to reach a second hand down between his legs to chase off a very painful spasm. Why was his imagination being so mean to him tonight? Why couldn’t he be dreaming about a desert, some place so dry and devoid of water that no one had even NEEDED to pee in the past hundred years!

He ducked into the next hallway, finally away from the cruel tease of all those urinals, the awful sounds of streams pattering into them. Duncan alternated between holding his cock and pinching his arms and legs as he struggled to walk. He didn’t have a destination in mind, of course, since no direction would lead to relief, he just hoped that if he kept moving, he’d wake up eventually.

The next hall was no kinder to him than the last. It too was nothing like its real world counterpart had been. Sure, the tiles on the floor were the same, and the walls were decorated in the same way, but in between each row of lockers was a toilet, some of them being used. Again, his former classmates all seemed totally content to relieve themselves in the hall, he was the only one even registering how none of this made sense.

He paused, doubling over and doing a few cringing hops. His brain was so mean! Not only was it refusing to let him wake up, it was choosing to surround him with the sight and sound of TONS of people getting the release he needed so much! This wasn’t fair!

“Oh…”   Duncan looked back up when he heard a voice, then turned his face away when he saw a girl pausing with her skirt partially lifted, about to use one of the ridiculous, taunting hallway toilets. “S—Sorry!” He blurted out, unsure why he was apologizing for intruding on an imaginary person’s privacy. Particularly when no one else in his dream seemed to care that he was watching them pee.

“It’s okay,” the girl said, and Duncan recognized her as Dianne. Dianne was one of the girls he’d tried very hard to be attracted to. They’d gone on five dates, which was a record for him, before she ended it.

‘Five dates and you haven’t even tried to hold my hand?’ He recalled her saying. ‘Do you just not like me?’ Duncan had argued that he DID like her, he thought Dianne was funny, and cool, and… And if she’d just been a GUY, then he knew he would have been all over her! But, she wasn’t, and so Duncan just couldn’t force himself to see her as anything other than a friend. She’d continued to be nice to him after they’d broken up, at least.

“Duncan,” Dianne said, lowering her skirt and stepping away from the toilet. “Looks like you need to go more than I do, I’ll wait for you to finish, alright?”

Duncan shook his head, and had to tighten his hold on his crotch as he practically salivated at the sight of the vacant, available toilet. Even in the middle of the hallway of his old school, if he could just GO—

“I’m serious,” Dianne assured, stepping lightly in place and beginning to look far more uncomfortable. “I can hold it a couple more minutes, just don’t take TOO long.”

More head-shaking. ‘Please, stop telling me I can pee! I can’t! I’m in bed with my boyfriend right now!’ “I—It’s fine,” Duncan said. “I’m— I’m okay…”

“If you’re sure…” Dianne said, lifting her skirt again and taking a seat on the toilet. Immediately, Duncan could hear her peeing. It was even louder than the other streams still pouring throughout the hall.

“Ahhh…” Dianne sighed. “That’s better…” she pointed. “Oh, there’s another free one over there, Duncan.”

Duncan turned away from her, trying not to look at the empty toilet, either. “I’ll hold it…” he said. He had literally no choice.

“Just go,” Dianne said, still flooding the bowl. “TRUST me, you’ll feel SO much better. You can pee! I promise, you won’t get in trouble. Emergency’s happen.”

Again, Duncan was hit by the sense of deja-vu and realized he was— sort of— reliving a different memory. Of course, in real life, there hadn’t been any hallway toilets and Dianne hadn’t sat down and peed right in front of him like nothing mattered. But, there HAD been a very similar situation in which both of them had been bursting, and Dianne had needed to convince Duncan to go.

They’d been watching the school football team when they each realized the sodas they’d had had been a bit too big. They rushed off together, but the when they found the closest restrooms, the men’s was out of order and Duncan really couldn’t hold it long enough to get anywhere else. So, Dianne ended up talking him into using the women’s instead. “I promise, you won’t get in trouble. Emergency’s happen.”

Eventually, he’d given in when he’d started to leak, and he’d taken the stall beside hers and peed and peed and p—

Ahhh, stop remembering that part! Twisting his legs together and hopping in place, Duncan turned back to Dianne— whom was STILL peeing, because his imagination was an asshole that wanted to subject him to that sound for as long as possible. “I, uhhh, gotta go!” He said, rushing off.

Nnnh, why couldn’t he just wake up?! He trudged down hall after hall, all of them either filled with toilets and urinals, rushing sinks, or other water-features, and Duncan couldn’t take it much longer! He’d pinched himself SO many times, and it hadn’t worked! He’d tried hitting his head against a wall, and still nothing. He’d tried mashing his hands into his bladder, thinking that making his need even WORSE would force his body awake, but all he received from that was a slow, drippy leak that he hoped hadn’t carried over into the real world.

It really looked like scaring himself awake was his final option, but he didn’t want to try thinking of the things that scared him now. A full-blown nightmare would still cause a wet bed. He thought that, for most people, finding themselves back in school again WOULD count as a nightmare. Hell, if Duncan didn’t know that there were much more horrifying things his brain could torture him with, he’d agree. But, he just didn’t think anything about school could frighten him enough that he actually woke u—

“There you are.”   Duncan felt a hand gripping his shoulder from behind, and he jumped, a spurt of urine soaking into his pants at the same time. ‘No, no, I was trying NOT to think about—‘

“You are LATE,” the voice continued. “This is ridiculous Duncan, you haven’t come to class even ONCE all year, and then you finally decide to show up, but you can’t even bother to be on time?”

Wha— Hadn’t gone to class all year? That wasn’t true, was it? “This is a dream…” he reminded himself.

“A dream?” The teacher repeated. “Oh, no it isn’t. I’ve been marking attendance EVERY day this year, and you haven’t shown up once. I’m sure you were able to sleep ENOUGH during all that time off!”

Not a dream…? But, hadn’t it been just a minute ago? Duncan thought he remembered weird, surreal things happening earlier, but now that was all hazy. And, this felt super real… Maybe he’d dozed off in the hall and now he was awake?

Had he really forgotten to go to class all year?! What was going to happen to him now?!

His bladder surged and he grimaced, the pressure was shocking. He stopped dead in his tracks, blurting out “I really need to go to the bathroom!”

“You think I’m falling for THAT excuse from someone who’s played hooky ALL YEAR?” The teacher asked. “If you have to go, I’m sure you can hold it until you finish your final exam.”

Final exam…? He had his final exam today?! And— And he hadn’t ever come to class! He was going to fail!

And, he was gonna pee his pants, too! He stumbled and tripped trying to keep up as the teacher led him to the classroom. Then, he was sat at a desk with a HUGE stack of papers in front of him, and his bladder swollen within an inch of its life. He was so confused, how did he miss class all year without realizing it?

“Your ten thousand question final exam begins now,” the teacher said. “No one is to leave this room until they have answered all the questions.”

Ten thousand?! Duncan couldn’t hold it for ten thousand questions! He looked at the first one, and it asked him to describe a historical event he knew nothing about that took place in a country he’d never heard of. It wasn’t even multiple choice, so he couldn’t just guess!

His heart was thudding loudly in his chest, panic gripping him. He was going to fail, and he was going to wet his pants, his parents were going to be so mad, and he was going to be humiliated, and— and—

And, he was peeing.

No, no, no, no! He was peeing! He couldn’t stop! No matter how hard he clenched, his stream just gushed out even harder! And— And the worst part was that it felt so GOOD that he almost didn’t WANT to stop! He wanted to keep going forever, he wanted to let it all out, he wanted to pee until he was wrung so dry that he could barely move—

Duncan’s eyes started to open up, and he was immediately made aware of the sodden heat spreading over his cock, trickling underneath his thighs, and—

“Ah, no!” Duncan choked out, realizing how close River was to him. River was getting wet, too, his own crotch becoming soaked and making it appear that both of them had had an accident. And Duncan was STILL peeing SO much, it was like it was never gonna end!

River sleepily blinked, “Hm…? Duncan, what’s—“ His eyes widened more and his hands flew between his legs, squeezing tightly around his damp member. “Ahhh— Oh fuck, I’m sorry!” But, as a few seconds passed, River realized that he didn’t feel like he was peeing, in fact he felt like his bladder was crammed about as full as it could get. He didn’t think he’d let out a drop all night! “Mmmf— Duncan—“

“I—It’s me,” Duncan said, and now that River was more awake he could clearly hear the hissing and see how much Duncan’s pajama pants were continuing to darken.

River frantically shot out of the bed and dragged the chamber pot out from beneath it. His bladder cramped at the sight of it, certain that it was going to be allowed to go loose in a second. He gripped himself more firmly as he said, “H—Hurry, Duncan…” He didn’t know why he was doing this, Duncan was already so drenched, and River was going to end up that way if he had to wait much longer. It made more sense to just let Duncan finish in his pants so that he could use the pot…

Duncan was shakily sitting himself down on it, though. His already violently pouring stream loudly sprayed against the material, the noise it created was such a horrible tease that River sprung a leak, a slow trickle seeping into his boxers, and now his crotch was becoming warm with his own urine rather than just Duncan’s. He gritted his teeth and rocked back and forth on the floor. He told himself he could wait for Duncan to empty out the rest of the way.

Surprisingly, considering how much Duncan had released in the bed, he remained on the pot for almost half a minute before the last of his pee had dribbled out. He stood quickly, pulling his soaked pants back up.

River warily got up onto his knees and lowered his pajama bottoms, aiming for the pot. He REALLY hoped it didn’t overflow, they’d already made such a mess of the bed, he didn’t want the floor to end up with a puddle as well. He knew he should just ask Duncan to accompany him to the restroom, but he had to go SO bad that he didn’t think he could make it there.

As liquid blasted from his tip, River told himself that, if necessary, he’d cut it off mid-flow before the pot got too full, then run to the toilet to get rid of the rest of his burden. He really, REALLY didn’t want it to come to that, because now that he’d started to pee he didn’t want the glorious sensation of relief to end until his bladder just didn’t have anything left inside it.

It felt too good, sending shudders of pleasure all across his body. He leaned forwards, moaning and trembling. “Ahhhh….”

“River… River!” Duncan started to say urgently. “You’re gonna go too much—“

River had been so engrossed in his relief that he’d almost forgotten there was a possibility he’d have to pause in the middle of his piss. He clamps down hard on his muscles, and his furious spray is replaced by nothing, but the amount of strength needed to keep it from starting up again was almost more than he could handle. His whole body was shaking, and he felt fluid battering up against his dam, and just a second later, he was pouring again, just as copiously as before. “I can’t stop…” He gritted, seeing that the pot was getting dangerously full.

River continued pissing out his waterfall for a few more seconds, then tried to stop again. It was easier the second time, but his holding muscles still burned, pleading with him to let go again.

He held himself and nervously stood up, a droplet forming on his tip. “Ffff— Fuck— Fuck!”

“You can do it,” Duncan encouraged, helping him to the bedroom door.

River wasn’t AS desperate anymore, but the threatening tremble of his body trying to push everything out was still there as he limped to the restroom. Once Duncan had assisted him to the toilet and he was able to resume where he left off, River had to lean against Duncan for support to avoid falling over as his legs lost a bit of their strength.

Finally finished, River tucked himself back into his damp pants. He wasn’t sure how much of the fluid coating his crotch was his and how much was Duncan’s… Neither one of them had completely ‘made it’ tonight…

Duncan was looking at River’s wet pants too, “I’m so sorry… It’s stupid, I knew I was dreaming, but I couldn’t wake myself up.”

“It’s alright,” River said. “Let’s change and go back to bed.”

“Okay…” Duncan said. “I think it just got on the blanket, I don’t think anything got down to the sheets.”

“I hope not,” River said.

They went back to their room to find that Rusty had finally emerged from beneath the bed. That was good. However, he’d knocked over the chamber pot. That was bad.

“Damn it…” River mumbled.

“I—It’s fine, I’ll clean it,” Duncan offered.

“I didn’t just mean the mess,” River said. “I meant… Like, if the cat was gonna dump it over anyway, then I should have just let myself keep going until it overflowed.”

*027*2023-11-28 21:16

Written for the Omovember prompt "Kink Awakening".

Hope this still fits the prop, since the kink River discovers here is non-sexual.

***

River felt like he was about to pee out an entire lake. He’d felt like he was about to pee out an entire lake for over an hour now. He didn’t think his bladder had even the tiniest smidge of room left inside of it, if his kidneys pumped out just one more drop to join the gallons already imprisoned inside of him, he was probably going to explode.

Hugo had taken him and Duncan to a park. The trip had been nice, but not a huge change of scenery since they already lived in a forest. River had needed to pee a little bit when they’d arrived and now, after a big bottle of water to keep himself hydrated, he was DESPERATE.

This shouldn’t have been such a big issue, however. River was, after all, currently standing in front of a toilet. His zipper was down, his cock was held in his trembling hands and aimed directly at the bowl. He was in the perfect position to escape the prison of boiling hot desperation that his body had turned itself into, but his sphincters were refusing to cooperate with him. He had been standing there for ages now, and the ocean inside of him was remaining right where it was.

“Come on… Come on…” River urged himself, begging his body to cede way to the tides battering against his opening. “I wanna fucking piss already…” It was unbearable! He would feel himself almost releasing, muscles beginning to loosen and something inside of him starting to shift, only for everything to tighten back down again when an unfamiliar noise, or flickering in the lights, would startle him. Each time his bladder clamped up again, he would be hit with a furious burning sensation as pressure ignited right in his tip.

It happened again, River felt himself right on the cusp of peeing, but then the lights above him buzzed and switched off for a split second, and everything went tense yet again. “Dammit…” he growled. Frustrated, he tried to push again, but then he heard hurried knocking on the bathroom door.

And that made River tenser than ever. Who was out there?! What did they want with him?! Where had they—

“Are you almost finished?!” It was a woman’s voice. “Please? I really, really need to go!”

River relaxed a little bit. The voice did not sound malicious, and someone knocking on the door to a restroom because they were desperate to pee was far more common than someone doing it because they wanted to harm the person inside. Still, River was uneasy. “Um… I need a few more minutes,” he said. “Go somewhere else!” Although, now he was rapidly giving up hope of getting any relief here, no matter how long he stayed. ‘Fuck, I haven’t pissed at all yet…’

The woman on the other side of the door said nothing, but now River could hear her shifting around. He tried to tell himself that this was a GOOD thing. Sure, this woman was a stranger, but now that someone was at least beside the door, maybe he’ll be able to feel safe enough to get his bladder emptied. He tried to concentrate, tried to let it out…

“The other bathrooms are taken or out of order!” The woman said, and she sounded panicked now. “Please?!”

River COULDN’T concentrate. As badly as he needed to go, he couldn’t do it if someone was yelling at him to hurry. Annoyed, he shoved his cock back into his pants and zipped up. His bladder convulsed when he turned away from the toilet he so desperately needed to use then, as if it just WANTED to make him angry, a warm squirt hissed into his boxers. He grabbed himself to staunch the flow and choked out a curse between his clenched teeth.

River didn’t bother with flushing the toilet, since he hadn’t managed to let go of a single drop into it, and he skipped washing his hands as well, just yanked open the door as the woman continued to plead with him “Come on, hurry! I’m about to—“

Next thing River knew, he was being shoved off to the side as the woman ran into the restroom. The door was slammed shut, and as River tried to regain his footing without accidentally spilling any more of his bladder’s contents, he was tortured further by the sound of her stream splattering into the bowl— Complete with a very satisfied moan.

River seethed with jealousy, she made it sound so God damn easy!

River squirmed for a few moments longer. He continued to face the building that housed the park’s four single-occupancy bathrooms so that he could shield the hands shoved against his crotch from other people’s view.

Once he was able to let go of himself, River walked back over to the picnic tables where Duncan and Hugo were both waiting for him. River sat down, his knees jamming together and beginning to fidget almost immediately. He gripped the edge of the table in his sweaty hands. He had to fucking PISS…

“River…” Hugo said. “Any luck?”

It was a pointless thing to ask, the pinched expression on River’s face and tension in his shoulders made it obvious enough that he was still carrying a very full bladder. He shook his head anyway. “Couldn’t… Couldn’t get anything out,” he said. His voice shook, but there was venom in it. He was frustrated and disappointed in himself. “I never had trouble taking a piss before!”

Duncan put a hand on River’s arm. He rubbed it gently. He was trying to soothe him, but River was past the point where he COULD be soothed. This whole thing was just aggravating! Before The Organization, if he needed to pee, he’d just PEE— As soon as he found somewhere that was at least MILDLY acceptable, he’d be nice and empty!

But, oh no, not now! Not anymore! NOW if he needed to pee, he needed to have someone there to WATCH him the whole time. He couldn’t let himself be defenseless for the couple minutes it would take to relieve his bladder, unless someone else was there to protect him. It was ridiculous! He was supposed to handle things by himself— Especially EASY things like pissing! He’d always taken care of himself before!

“Duncan can go in with you,” Hugo said. “You can try again.”

River shook his head. Not only should he not NEED help like that, it wouldn’t work here anyway. The bathrooms were single-use, if he and Duncan went in together, it would look wrong. River had slept in parks back when he had been homeless, and he’d seen two men get jumped for going into a bathroom together during the night. The guys who’d assaulted them had called them horrible names, and River had wanted to step in, but one of the things he’d learned was to always stay away from altercations like that if he could help it. He’d gotten his ass kicked enough times without taking extra risks.

“It will be alright,” Hugo said. “If anyone even notices, they’ll just think you both need to go really badly. And, no one would attack you in broad daylight when there are people everywhere.”

River shook his head again. He thought that, even if Duncan DID come with him, his worries and his fear for his safety would remain too high for him to actually pee. “I probably still wouldn’t be able to go,” he admitted, ashamed. “I think I just have to get home. I’m sorry.”

“It’s alright,” Hugo said. “You don’t have to apologize. We’ve been here a long time already. Duncan, you don’t mind, do you?”

Duncan shook his head.

“See?” Hugo said. “No big deal.”

River rose uneasily to his feet, the motion giving his swollen bladder a trembling ache. As they headed for the parking lot, River couldn’t stop himself from looking back towards the restrooms he had failed to use. Now, each of them had a line and, when he saw people exiting from the doors, he cringed and tried not to remember how easy and simple peeing used to be for him.

When he’d been homeless, before he’d had his surgery, having to expose everything and crouch down outside had been nerve-wracking, sure. He’d felt scared, he’d felt vulnerable, he’d felt like someone might have been watching him. But, in those days, none of those awful feelings had ever outweighed his need for relief. If he had to go, he had to go, and his bladder would unleash its spray when he told it to.

After Hugo took him in, and especially after his surgery, River never had ANYTHING to worry about when he had to pee. He could do it inside pretty much every time, without even worrying about it spraying in the wrong direction. If there was an emergency where he had to pee outdoors, it was much easier. He hadn’t thought peeing would ever be an issue for him again.

But, now it was. Now it was a bigger issue than it had EVER been. His bladder didn’t listen to him as readily as it once had, it would keep restraining itself even after he BEGGED it to let go!

He sat in the backseat of the car beside Duncan and he rubbed his legs against one another. He felt so stupid! He’d been at a toilet just a few minutes ago! He couldn’t get past that! He should be empty! This wasn’t fair!

“River…” Duncan said softly, and that brought River a bit of relief. Duncan had been pretty much silent the whole time they’d been at the park, and now his voice was returning a bit faster than it usually did. “River okay?”

River nodded, “I can feel the piss all the way up to my God damned rib-cage,” he said. “But, we aren’t that far from home, so I’ll be fine.” He was saying this more to himself than to Duncan. The certainty that he would be home VERY soon was the only thing keeping him from completely panicking as his bladder strained tyrannically against him.

Duncan took River’s hand and squeezed it. River squeezed back, much more forcefully.

“Oof…” Duncan said. “Tight grip…”

“Sorry…” River said. “Kinda tense.”

“It’s okay.”

Hugo started to drive back towards the cabin, and River’s middle gave several sharp, pounding throbs each time the car hit a bump. He gritted his teeth against a moan, his free hand moving to unbutton his pants. His knuckles accidentally grazed against his bladder as he did so. Not only did this result in an absolutely brutal surge of need, but he was stunned by how solid his lower stomach felt. He was used to his body being kind of squishy there, but now it felt like he was made of stone.

The button released, and his clothing no longer quite so tight around his waist, he felt a little better. Not a WHOLE lot, but enough that he was able to breathe a little easier again. That only lasted for a few seconds before the car went over another bump. River’s bladder was shaken up like a soda can, and he wasn’t able to grab himself before the tab came loose. A burst of liquid shot out of him, so forceful that he could hear it hiss as it soaked into the fabric of his boxers.

“Mmmf!” River whimpered. He released Duncan’s hand so that he could shove both of his own in between his legs. He gave himself a tight, unforgiving squeeze, and he didn’t let up for several seconds, not until he was sure that the leak had been staunched. He loosened his grip once he thought it was safe to do so, but this prompted a slow, steady dribble, so he clamped his hands back down again. His legs shifted back and forth aggressively and crossed tighter and tighter, rubbing in intense discomfort. “Nnnnhhh!”

Duncan went back to rubbing River’s arm. He wanted to comfort him somehow, the more distressed and frantic River looked, the more concerned Duncan felt. River was squirming more vigorously by the second, bouncing up and down in his seat. “Do you think if Hugo pulls over somewhere, you’ll be able to go?”

River considered that. In the past, BEFORE The Organization, River had told Hugo to pull over tons of times when they’d been delivering furniture to people. Hugo had always said yes and stopped at the first place he could find. If he was unable to locate an actual bathroom quickly enough, and River was desperate, then he’d just find a decently sized patch of foliage and let River pee there. It had always been so easy! The only challenge had been in keeping his bladder shut until Hugo found a decent spot for River to release.

Now, the hardest part was going to be MAKING himself release.

If Hugo pulled over, and it turned out River COULDN’T go, then it would just take even longer to get home— River would just have to ignore the throbbing pangs bloating out his core for a few extra minutes.

River shook his head, “I just wanna go home, Duncan,” he said.

“Okay,” Duncan said. He looked out the window. “It shouldn’t be too much longer.”

River hoped not.

The remainder of the car ride was agony. The pain in River’s bladder felt as though it might rupture straight through his skin. The walls of the overburdened organ were squeezing, twisting, trying to pump out every last bit of liquid even though there was nowhere for it to go. He was leaking steadily by the time they arrived at home, in spite of how tightly he was clutching onto the fluid’s exit-pathway in an effort to impede its journey out of him.

His crotch felt sodden and heavy, and he knew he’d already let out far more than he would be able to hide. His pants were black, but they were likely now shimmering with wetness, though he was unable to move his hands out of the way to properly check and assess the damage.

When Hugo parked the car, River yanked off his seat-belt, which had been gouging into his bladder for far too long. He intended to launch himself from the car and run to the bathroom— Or just gush furiously all over one of the trees if Hugo took too long to unlock the front door. But, he could do neither of those things, because he couldn’t manage to get to his feet. When he tried to raise himself up off his seat, he started to leak even more copiously than he’d been doing before. “Ah—!” He choked out. “Fuck! I need to—“

Duncan got out of the car and came around to River’s side, he gently helped him up. “It’s okay, baby. I’ve got you.”

River leaned against Duncan as they went up to the front door of the cabin. River tried his best to ignore the nagging voice that was telling him he should not need help like this, that he should be able to take care of himself like he had done for the majority of his life. The voice was really loud though, and it was scolding him. It was shouting at him almost as much as his bladder was.

“Hang on,” Duncan said. “Not much further.”

Hugo had already gotten the door open, and Duncan helped River inside. River clung to him with one hand, the other kneading against his crotch for dear life. ‘You shouldn’t need help, you shouldn’t need people to take care of you,’ River kept telling himself. But, beneath the shame and disappointment, there was something else, something he dared not name, and something he couldn’t acknowledge when his body was so full of urine that he felt like he had to piss like five race-horses in a tsunami.

River’s bladder kept spurting the closer they got to the restroom. He could hear the leaks hissing forth, wetting his clothes and seeping deeply into the material. He could feel streams moving down his legs, warm and thick. They turned the last corner into the bathroom, and the instant River saw the toilet, he was peeing.

He just couldn’t stop it. A torrent gushed from his bladder, spraying out of him as though from a hole poked in a squished water balloon. He squirmed like mad, still trying to cut off the flow, clutching himself and hopping up and down, doing every last pee-dance move he could think of. But, none of it made a difference. He was GOING. It gushed through his pants, trickling in long, steady streams as it splashed to the floor, creating a puddle.

He squeezed himself fruitlessly one last time before just moaning and giving up. His already intense stream pounded out even more frantically as he ceased all efforts to hold it back. He pissed like crazy, every drop of liquid that his body had been containing was being shoved out all at once.

The feeling was something even better than relief. Ohhh, he’d had to GO… The firm, swollen mass of his bladder was slowly shrinking down to its proper size, the agonizing pain of his immense desperation was being replaced with a tingling hum of emptiness.

He managed to enjoy the sensation of letting go for a few more seconds, before the reality seeped into him further. He was having an accident right in front of a god damned toilet. He was having an accident in front of Duncan. He was having an accident because he hadn’t been able to make himself use the bathroom earlier like a normal person. He was having an accident because The Organization had made him so terrified of everything that his bladder wouldn’t listen to him properly anymore.

This was NOT the first time River had wet himself. Far from it. He’d peed himself a lot growing up because his bladder was so small. He’d peed himself when he’d been homeless, usually because he couldn’t find anywhere to go, or he’d lost bladder control during a fight. He’d peed himself while imprisoned by The Organization due to fear. This wasn’t even the first time he’d peed himself in front of Duncan, if bed-wetting was counted.

But, this WAS the first time Duncan had had a front-row seat to him completely drenching his pants while fully awake. THAT had never happened before, and it was mortifying.

Why hadn’t he just MADE himself go earlier? Why wouldn’t his body listen to him anymore?! This wasn’t fair, this wasn’t— It was so—

River’s eyes were burning. He was CRYING. He was fucking CRYING as he totally pissed his pants in front of his boyfriend. River did NOT cry, he wasn’t SUPPOSED to cry! It was weak, and River COULDN’T be weak! Weakness made it easier for others to hurt him, weakness meant he couldn’t take care of himself, weakness was—

“River, River…” Duncan said, pulling River closer to him as the final few spurts dribbled onto the floor.

River flinched, tears rolling down his face, but allowed Duncan to hug him. He didn’t understand how Duncan could stand to TOUCH him right now.

Duncan rubbed his back, “It’s okay, babe…” he said. “That was a lot…”

River choked out a sob. It was NOT okay! He’d pissed himself and then immediately cried about it! That wasn’t okay at ALL! That was the least okay thing EVER!

“Shhh… Shhh…” Duncan said. “It’s alright… Poor River, you must have been hurting…”

‘It hurt so bad, Duncan…’ River thought.

“It’s over now, though,” Duncan said. “Everything’s okay.” Mindful of the puddle on the floor, Duncan led River over to the bath tub. “You want to get cleaned up?”

River felt numb. “Okay…”

“Alright,” Duncan said. And, when River made no move to do it himself, Duncan began lifting his shirt. “Is this okay?” He asked. “Can I take your clothes off?”

River nodded blearily and allowed Duncan to manipulate his arms in order to pull his shirt off the rest of the way. Then, Duncan unzipped his soaked pants and pulled them down, followed by his utterly drenched boxers and damp socks. All the while, he kept telling River that everything was going to be just fine.

River stepped out of his clothes. He felt like he was in a dream, not fully conscious or aware. He shouldn’t need help with this, he should have to clean up his own mess because he had been the one to make it. He shouldn’t be getting pitied for doing something like this, Duncan should be scolding him.

But, it felt… It felt okay…

Duncan switched on the bath tub and waited for the water to warm up, then told River to go ahead and sit down in it. He saw a lone tear run down River’s cheek, and kissed him there. “It’s okay,” he repeated. “Just relax, let the water calm you down. You’re shaking.”

River realized he WAS shaking and tried to stop. He found it strangely easy to do when Duncan poured some body wash onto his back and started to rub it in. “That feels better, doesn’t it?” Duncan asked. “Just wait there while I clean off the floor.”

Duncan got some cleaning materials from under the sink and set to work on the floor. River had SERIOUSLY needed to go, and the puddle was large, but Duncan got it wiped away quickly enough. Before long, it looked like nothing had even happened.

Duncan went back to the tub and soaped up River’s arms, legs and feet. River let him do it without protest. He had stopped crying, and was beginning to look more relaxed.

River didn’t know what was happening to him. All of the sudden he just felt so good… He felt… He felt this weird, new thing. Or, maybe he was feeling an ABSENCE of something. Yeah, that was it. Usually, he had this thick, heavy pressure in his chest and running up the back of his neck, but that feeling was gone now. In its place was this light, feathery sensation that was far more pleasurable.

‘Don’t worry, Duncan will take care of you…’ He thought. And, he wasn’t even disgusted with that notion, nor with how content it made him feel.

Duncan was looking after him, and it felt good.

“Thank you, Duncan,” River said, hoping Duncan understood just how much he was thanking him for.

