Just an attempt at male desperation

Author: soo-pis-sed

*000*2020-04-19 16:44

Sorry for too many stories, but I'll just trying new things. My first two attempts were first person, then I thought I should try third person perspective, which seems to have worked. Now I decided to try writing male desperation, so I just did it. Hopefully it's not too unrealistic.

###

Dave wasn't the kind of guy typically considered "hot". He was used to seeing popular girls pass him without acknowledging his existence - he didn't really care though. Who would want a superficial girlfriend? Yes, he wasn't born to play basketball, he was only 169 cm (~5"6,5 ft). Still above average for some countries. Dave was naturally skinny, too, but compensated it by working out a lot. So, knowing that he was not at all ugly with his muscular body and proportional face, he never hesitated to ask out girls taller than himself, of course if he liked their personalities.

Still, when he met Nora, a girl he matched with on Tinder, he was a bit intimidated by all 185 cm (~6 ft) of her gorgeous height. With her big boobs and butt, she looked... awe-inspiring. Also sexy, though. In her turn, she didn't look disappointed upon seeing him and seemed to have noticed the best parts of his body. Long story short, it worked well for both. They were having a lot of fun for a couple of weeks already. At first Nora couldn't but mock him a bit for looking so hilariously boastfully every time they went out together, but soon both got used to the situation.

Ever since they had sex for the first time, Dave just couldn't get enough of Nora. One morning, after a very eventful night, she suggested going to the movies together. "We can't just shag all the time, sweetie." Dave didn't actually think so, but a little action other than sex would be good to bind them together, so he agreed.

In the shower, Dave took a long pee, much awaited after having to constantly rehydrate all night. Then he let Nora have her turn in the shower, meanwhile re-heating the leftovers of yesterday's dinner for breakfast (luckily one of the things they had in common was being totally fine with it) and making a large cup of coffee for each. Having finished her coffee, Nora said "after such a sleepless night I need more," and poured herself another big cup. Dave didn't follow her example. Soon they were already in his car, driving to the mall.

When they bought tickets to the movie, there was about half an hour left before the beginning. They bummed around a little; Nora got herself a milkshake on the food court. Dave doubtfully did the same, but a smaller size. Honestly, his bladder was already full from that coffee. Well, he was aware he had kinda smallish bladder, but hated to attract attention to it. He didn't want to look even more like a kid, considering his constitution. So he got used to holding his pee for some extra time in social situations, and only going when others go. This time as well he was sure that they both would pay a visit to the WC before the movie, and didn't worry about his bladder condition, although it was worsening dreadfully fast.

Five minutes before the movie, Nora took the line to the counter with popcorn and soda. She bought the largest soda, remarking "popcorn makes me so thirsty!" with a chuckle. Dave said he didn't want anything, already frantic for a pee. Finally, on their way to the movie hall, they saw a bathroom... but Nora passed it without even giving it an eye. Dave stumbled a little. Nora turned back. "We have some more time, in case you..."

"No, no," Dave replied hastily. They entered the hall.

"Oh... my... God..." was everything Dave's brain could come up with. Who could know this girl wouldn't need the bathroom?! How come she's not as desperate as him? Even more, considering the second cup of coffee and larger milkshake! She's also going to down a large soda! Is she planning to stand up during the movie and just head to the WC? Dave couldn't imagine her doing an illogical thing like that. Does she even use a toilet?!

Well, now he had nothing to do but take his seat. They took the back row. Normally it would get him excited, but now he could only think that this meant longer way to the exit. At least there were no people around them... When he sat, he almost screamed from the increase of pressure on his bladder. Even before the trailers finished, Dave knew he wouldn't be able to hold until the end of the movie. He had to go out of there... no, run out of there as soon as possible. But it would be ridiculous, after having said he didn't need the WC just seconds ago. He had to hold at least a little longer.

Soon he couldn't help fidgeting, squirming, crossing and uncrossing his legs, rubbing his knees, and trying every other preventing technique to give himself just a few more minutes. None of them worked though; he was about to make a puddle on his seat. Dave couldn't but wonder what's up with Nora. He watched her as intently as he could manage without losing control over his bladder, but there was not a single sign of desperation. Although she went heavy on her soda, she sat still and seemed genuinely absorbed into the film. (For the life of his, Dave wouldn't be able to tell what it was about.)

At some moment, Dave found a position in which he could feel a little better: he stretched his legs forward as far as he could without bothering people in front of him, and hovered his butt over the seat, thus giving his bladder some more space. Due to his trained muscles, he managed to stay in this position for quite long; still, at some point his body started aching. He had nothing left to do but sit back. The pressure got inhumane.

Dave was breathing heavily, wishing he was as far from his girlfriend as possible. But... there was another feeling he got. Apparently a bladder overfilled like this could be sort of arousing. He had no idea about it, because he hadn't actually been THAT full in his whole life. Surprisedly, he felt his cock getting harder and harder. He grabbed it through the thin fabric of his grey jeans. It felt good, actually. But it couldn't distract him from the crashing urge to release the ocean he was keeping inside. Suddenly he felt a spurt of pee escaping his bursting bladder. He squeezed his dick harder, but couldn't help it at that point: a wet patch was growing around the head.

That exact moment, Nora turned her head to him.

"Are you okay? Oh... What's this?" she whispered to his ear.

"What?"

"I can see a wet spot. Have you peed yourself?"

"No! I... You know, Nora... Sitting with you in the darkness like this... I got so aroused..."

"Oh, is it precum? So hot."

Nora stretched her arm and touched Dave's dick. It was rock hard from all the squashing Dave had been giving it. Seeming very content with what she found, Nora started massaging it - at first lightly, but soon she was already masturbating him full blast.

Dave was being torn between the worst bladder torture he ever experienced and that unbelievably good feeling Nora's hand was giving him. Her wrist was pressing against his swollen bladder, making the pressure unbearable, but in ever more sensual way.

"Aaah!"

With a moan, short but not really quiet, Dave came so hard he would never expect in this condition. Nora winked at him and... went on watching a movie.

Dave was still recovering from the afterglow when the feeling of his bladder muscles weakening rapidly hit him all at once. Oh no... He was peeing himself. With an immense effort, he stopped, but the front of his jeans was soaked. Dave gasped.

Nora turned to him.

"Dave... What the hell? You peed your pants!"

"Nora, I'm sorry. You didn't go to the bathroom, so I decided not to go either."

"Men!" Nora exclaimed as indignantly as she could keep in whisper. "Why do you always have to turn everything into a competition?"

"But you..."

"Look at me. With an ass like this, you could guess I can store a WAY bigger bladder, couldn't you?"

"Okay, stop it. I already know you're breaking up with me."

"Actually... Seeing you in wet pants is pretty arousing. So I don't think I'll break up with you at least while you owe me an orgasm."

"Do you mean..." Dave was out of words.

"What I mean is let's skip the rest of the film, go to your car and have some good time. Hide behind me. Hurry up, my knickers are almost as moist as yours now."

"Can we go to the bathroom first?" Dave implored. "I still really really REALLY need it."

"Sure. My bladder is in fact rather full, too."

"Rather," Dave thought. "What a fabulous girl. I seriously like her."

They were heading to the WC, Nora covering as much of Dave's accident as she could. Suddenly she stopped.

"Listen, Dave..."

"Oh please Nora, can it wait? I'll let out the rest in a second - into the toilet or my pants."

"Just asking. Can you do this for me again? Maybe not soon, just, you know, someday."

"You'll wait and see. Now excuse me!!!"

*004*2020-04-20 15:11

{{19 hours ago, insomea said:

HOT!

}}

Thanks! That was my intention, hehe.

{{19 hours ago, Apertado said:

Great work! Third person perspective worked nicely.

And the pairing of a shorter guy with a tall girl worked very well for the story.

I do hope we get a second chapter. Or the telling of this from Nora's point of view.

Anyways, thanks for the amazing read!

}}

Thank you! There's not much of Nora's POV, she sincerely wanted to watch the movie and wasn't really paying attention until Dave got a bit loud... At least that's what I had in mind. This time!

{{8 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Great story! Loved that he was being dominated

}}

Thanks! I believe he was - a little ^^

