Surreal adventure

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-10-02 09:23

Her pulse was racing. The trees swayed to a furious rhythm. The stream foamed like a rabid dog on the prowl for its next victim.

Perhaps this wasn’t the best idea.

You shouldn’t be here.

Why did I let him convince me that this was a good idea? I mean, I’m not brave. I get scared by shadows. Sometimes even my dog scares me.

Fear is an illusion.

One step in front of the other. Keep moving forward. Once I get out of the forest and into the light I’ll be fine. Yes… I’ll be fine. No need to panic.

She stumbled towards the light, cautiously treading ground that even the bravest of men fear to tread. But here she was and leave she must. Those who stay too long.. well… nobody knows.

She quickened her pace. No longer careful of the uneven ground underfoot. She wanted to leave and return to the normality of the life she once led. Never again would she complain about the mundane life she led.

Ahead she could see the light, it was getting closer though it didn’t feel it. But while the path was straight, the path is never simple.

What is that? Is it?? No.. No.. RUN!!!!

She ran. Fast. She tripped. She failed to notice the branch that was so clearly outstretched in front of her, but now she had to free herself. Or else.

She frantically pushed the branch with all her strength. It was coming free, gradually but not fast enough for her liking. She was being pursued. She kicked, twisted, pushed, pulled, scrambled and screamed. No avail.

May be if i…

She writhed like an eel and managed to twist onto her belly. She pushed from her legs and used the soft tissue of her bum to squeeze herself from the branch.

I’m free. Now I’ve got to get the fuck out of here!!!

She ran. But in the wrong direction.. Silly girl.

She stopped to consider her options.

If I go north I’ll end up.. No. If I go south… No. WEST!! That’s the only way. If I can get to…. Yes!! That’s it. I knew I wasn’t just a pretty face.

The western trail was indeed the correct way. Even under duress and being pursued she could still think with consideration and intelligence. However, her pursuer wasn’t quite so… Amused.

She approached the screaming stream. It wasn’t deep and she knew she could cross with ease. She placed her left foot in the black water. Then the right. Soon she was almost across and ready to pull herself out.

She reached out with her right hand and grabbed a bunch of grey wet reeds and began to pull her weight up the slippery grass bank. Her feet had no traction on the mud surface beneath the water and she momentarily slipped under the water, but quickly recovered. The reeds were no good she realized. So she grabbed an overhead branch instead.

Her weak arms began to pull, hoisting her legs out of the black water. She scrambled for traction on the grassy bank. Her nose was touching the grass. It wasn’t very nice. It was wet, slimy and smelly. But she had no choice.

She pulled herself to the top. She took a moment to rest her weary muscles. She closed her eyes and her thoughts turned to her objective. Survival.

She opened her eyes. Her blue eyes.

She stared into the eyeless creature in front of her nose. Her crotch became warm.

She screamed and with all her might pushed the hideous creature out of her face and ran and ran.

WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT???

She heard laughter.

Is there no end to this place? Seriously..

There is an end. But you must find it first.

But I’m scared and I think I need the bathroom, so please help me.

Begging for help was useless. She would receive no help. It’s a simple choice; either get to safety or die.

You wanted to do this.

I didn’t. It was your idea.

Is the word no not in your vocabulary?

Fuck off then. I don’t need you.

Okay. Let’s think. I think I’m safe in the hut and the hut is over that hill and behind the maze… Oh great.

She trudged on towards the harrowed hill. Legend has it that the hill is haunted by a malicious cyclops who was murdered there by the great hero Alki. I say murdered.. but cyclopes aren’t easily killed. Not properly anyway.

The approach to the hill was flat and gentle. The wind had died down and she felt more comfortable. She even considered emptying her bladder before carrying on, but in the end thought better of it. Where she was.. Safety is just a fancy word.

She treaded up the hill. There was an unsettling eerie silence, the loudest sound was her feet crunching through the bracken. Oh and the breathing in her ear.

As she approached a tombstone she looked left. Then right.

She studied the engraving on the stone, it read “Life”

What?? This makes no sense. Why is there a tombstone with the word life on it? Fucking hell.C

She moved away from the grave. Moving ever closer to the crest of the steep hill. Her eyes saw only grass, mud and sky.

Nothing.

She was falling. Falling fast. CRASH!!!!!!!!

She clattered into the ground. She was alive, but gravely hurt.

Her mind raced as she struggled to comprehend what happened. She cursed under her breath.

She picked herself up and dusted herself down. Her eyes darted from each direction to the next trying to determine where she was. There was just one path and she knew she had to follow it.

The path was dirty, damp but blissfully straight. Eventually and with much pain, fear and trepidation she approached a door. Not a big door, just a normal door black in colour. She reached out for the handle. Gently.. Ever so gently she pushed the door. She saw nothing. She moved forward. Her eyes scanning the room at all times. LEFT. RIGHT.

Music began to play.

It was an organ. It played a sad tune. Now she was truly scared. She ran again. She ran towards the other black door at the end of the round room. As she got there she stopped. She figured there would be something behind the door, and she was hesitant to open it. She reached out with her scrawny arm and gently puled the door. Every inch felt like a yard. Inch by inch.

Nothing… Hmm

SOMETHING.

A creature sprung out the darkness throwing her to the ground. She screamed.

Her crotch turned warm again. But this time it didn’t stop. It continued and soon her bum was soaked. She just sat in frozen terror, weeing herself.

Very quickly however that fear turned into pure anger.

Look what you made me do!! You think this is funny?? You think it’s funny that I wet myself?? Fuck you!!

She threw the controller at him. He was laughing for sure. But deep down so was she. This wasn’t the first time she had wet herself and no doubt it wouldn’t be the last either.

She ran to the bathroom and pulled down her black leggings to reveal her soaked grey panties. She examined the wetness and began rubbing herself. Aroused by her wet situation she sat on the toilet and finished her stream, gently rubbing herself as she went.

Outside the door he listened. He listened to his girl’s stream and her breathing which was getting deeper and deeper. He awaited her outside the door, a bulge in his crotch, ready to examine the mess she had made.

