Cafe Wetting

Author: sussytransgirl

*000*2024-06-21 08:48

Yuri decided to go for a walk. Eventually, he started to need to pee. He figured it would be fine, but walked a little faster just in case. Not long after, his urge worsened. He was regretting the cups of tea that he drank before he left. Yuri walked up to a small cafe, where he found a cute girl working at the counter. He blushed, not wanting to show how desperate he was in front of someone so pretty. “Um.. c-can I please use your bathroom?” He stuttered. The girl giggled. “Sorry, they’re out of order right now.” Yuri’s face dropped. The girl laughed. “I’m only joking. Here.” She pointed at the bathrooms.

“T-thank you!” Yuri spat out, speed walking towards the toilet. Unfortunately for him, there was a decently long line. “Shit.” He whispered. As much as the boy tried to maintain his composure, he couldn’t help but cross his legs, bending over slightly. He looked at the girl at the counter, praying that she wouldn’t notice. A few minutes passed, and each one was torture. Yuri was shifting from foot to foot, keeping his arms crossed, trying to refrain from grabbing himself in public. The poor boy felt like he was about to burst.

A few small leaks had already come out, but not enough for it to be noticeable. Finally, he was next in line. Unfortunately, being up close, meant that you could hear everything. Yuri struggled listening to other people go, wanting so badly to relieve the throbbing pressure in his bladder. Then, he heard a flush. That was it. Urine started forcefully pouring out of him, soaking his jeans, and making a large puddle on the floor. Yuri felt like he was going to cry. As the other guy left, he looked at him sympathetically. Yuri walked away, utterly humiliated. The girl looked at him. “Wow, you really had to go, huh?” She said jokingly.

“S-sorry..” Yuri muttered. Seeing the broken expression on the boy’s face, she stopped laughing. “Hey, it’s okay. It could happen to anyone.” She smiled. “Actually, I found it quite cute.” Yuri’s face some how became even more red. “Um.. t-thanks?” She wrote something down on a piece of paper, and handed it to him. “My name’s Elaine!” She said. “You wanna go out some time?” Yuri couldn’t believe it. “Y-yes! I mean, yeah sure.. sounds good.” He replied. He left the cafe, opening the piece of paper with Elaine’s number on it. He couldn’t believe that the girl he pissed himself in front of, was asking him out on a date.

Decided to continue the Yuri story. Might make a continuation

