Scorpion Omo

Author: Shadowmaster55

*000*2016-11-30 04:36

So, this is the first time I'm writing fan-fic omorashi so I apologise beforehand if you don't find it good. OvO

~ShadowMaster55

Walter shifted uncomfortably in his seat as his hands unconsciously slid between his legs. Yet, he was too focus on his experiment and was completely oblivious to his growing need to pee. “A while more” He kept telling himself while he prepared the mixture for the final process. Walter definitely did not want his need to pee to disrupt his entire experiment. He feared it would affect the timings, leave the mixture in for a long time and kaboom, not that he could control the time he went to the toilet.

Walter stood up with great care so as to pour the mixture into a flask on the table. Just as he was about to pour the mixture, a small spurt of pee escaped from his dick, causing Walter to nearly drop the beaker of mixture. Both of his hands immediately grabbed his crouch and he crossed his legs together. No he wasn’t going to wet himself, not in front of the whole team, especially Paige. Shaking, he one-handedly poured the mixture in and sat back on his chair, fidgeting madly.

“Sly, how many minutes would it take before the experiment would be completed?” Walter asked his friend.

“5.68 minutes, 0.01 minute off and you send this place to ashes.” Sly replied nervously.

Walter sighed as another spurt of pee escaped, this time lasting 5 seconds. He silently unzipped his pants and was horrified to see a growing spot of pee on his underwear. “Come on, come on, come on, come on. I m not going to pee my pants, not here, not here.” Walter muttered to himself. He glanced at his watch, 3.57 minutes more. The two minutes had felt like pure torture, let alone 3 more minutes.

Walter’s eyes floated to an empty bottle on his desk. No, he was not going to pee in the bottle, not with Paige here. He was going to sit there and wait a while longer. Another small spurt of pee escaped, Walter did some quick calculations and was aghast when he realized he only had 5 minutes tops before the waterfall came crashing down, He would never make it to the toilet in time.

Just then, his watched sounded and Walter immediately turned off the fire and collected the next substance in a bottle. The substance was yellowish, reminding him of pee, no, he was not going to think about this. Staggering, Walter made his way to the bathroom, 30 seconds left. He was dead.

“Walter, are you ok?” Paige went forward to him when she saw his frustrated look.

“I’m fine, I just have to… “

He never completed his sentence as streams of piss came out and a huge spot of pee was growing instantly on his pants. Walter’s face was flushed with relief and embarrassment at the same time. He had wet himself in front of his crush! Everyone was staring at him, even Cabe who had just walked in with a case. Slyvester looked disgusted and Happy was astonished. Paige was horrified and Toby made a comment with his slick mouth, ”wetting yourself Walter?”

“Uh… you should go clean up…I’ll clean the floor.” Paige stammered.

Walter sighed heavily, angry at himself for wetting himself like he was a 6 year old kid. The team was never going to think of him the same way.

