The new DLC (Jackals Series)

Author: StormrReaper

*000*2018-09-12 08:11

Hey guys before I begin I wanna say Thank you for reading, as always any comments, suggestions, or critic you would wish to share with me is greatly appreciated. Now, I want to say the events of the story takes place a week before the Earth Rage incident. The series I'm writing takes place in the year 2026 A.D. HOWEVER; this is the part that may throw you. Let it Die, is a Game, WITHIN A game. The prior chapter was just to build character's personalities. Mostly for X and Z. Y is kinda. too cool for words in personality and really, because of that he is harder to imagine what he'd say. ALSO IF you see a number for example like this (*) it means look at that illustration.

Prologue

"Hey Senpai!!!!" A man in a dark brooding Grim Reaper outfit on a skateboarded hollered.(1) In all honesty if this wasn't part of my daily routine it would be terrifying. This man makes carrying around a scythe sharp enough to slice flesh look natural.

"Hey Uncle Death. I replied watching the skateboarding grim reaper perform an ollie before landing flat on his face (video linked below shows the scene in reference), the sound he made on impact reminded me of the sound I make when I flip a pancake to high and it lands on the floor.

"I'd ask if you are alright, but I've seen you get up from worse" I yell towards him as he teleports behind me.

"So you going to the arcade?" Uncle D questioned.

"Where else would I go on a Saturday" I replied sharply.

"Well I heard Let it Die had an update last night, apparently for adventurers whom, beat floor forty get a special story about the Jackals, however, besides just an invisible hunger meter, you also have to urinate. imagine it. Taking a piss when all of a sudden "Boom! Screamer nails you with a nail gun..." hahaha get it. Uncle death continued.

"Hey Detox, Hey Mejin! " I yell entering the Akhibara arcade. This place is barely able to stay afloat. if it wasn't for the three regulars, Uncle Death, Mejin, and I it probably would've went under likes its ice cream machine years ago!

"Hey emo... weirdo.... pervert.... You didn't choke on a mushroom in your sleep I see..." Naomi Detox said playing on her phone. Despite her cold external attitude she is actually really nice...

"O..M...G It's abby's birthday, I'll send her a picture of me and Tom holding hands, because she is like in L-O-V-E with him. Hehe, Hope her day goes wonderful... bitch...She muttered to herself..

Okay, I take it back, she is kinda a wanker.... but, I like her. Usually.

"Hey Mejin got any tips for....." I begin as he cuts me off

"Not now brosphef, Brochado! I'm in the middle of a perfect run... with the new update there has been an influx of hackers.AS you know its my eat there children and leave their corpses homeless! Mejin says with authority an otaku of his caliber shouldn't have when his only company is a girl who hates him, a grim reaper and me

.... good times...good vibes...

Thinking about what he said I assumed he meant it the other way around but I know how he is, It's best to leave him alone till he looks over in my direction

Taking my seat uncle death sits across from me. "Are you ready? OH! I forgot to tell you, I just got back from my yearly medical check up. Turns out, I don't have any internal organs... Just this weird nasty black gunky shit."

Staring at him with confusion

"Aren't you the embodiment of death?" I ask

"Only on Sundays, Its crazy how many people die after church."

Chapter 1. Jackals Maybe a Bad-ass But what do you do If your back is turned and you need too piss. Jackal MC Jackal Z.

Death Drive 128

Game....Start....

Login Bonus

Golden Pillbug....

You can find your rewards in the main game section inside the reward box

Let it die *cough cough* let *cough* let it die

The escalator began to sound the normal alarm.... I knew better than to try to destroy the alarm, after all it's to warn living people of our arrival. Mr. Yotsuyama said that it's so when someone who shows promise arrives at the top we can greet him or destroy him. Depending on his mood. Z hated that man, not only did his plan succeed completely in basically whipping out most of mankind, then he turns arounds and offers this bullshit rumor of riches and power beyond belief to anyone who can make it to the top.

In reality this is so we can kill the would-be adventurer and sell their stuff on the black market, well, what's left of it anyway. X and Y said they were going to clear out the Fourth Don's area of any would be heroes. and work their way down they sent me to floor 1 to work my way up. Do they understand what those screamers on the lower floors are like? Little bugs waiting to be squashed. But like any bug. Occasionally one gets too close to killing one of us for comfort. We are like siblings now. I don't know what I'd do without them. Thinking on that she feels a small tear run down her face.

Starting from floor 1 she made her way to Floor 10 on floor 10 she would relieve herself and get some shut eye. traveling 10 floors even with her skills took time, sometimes it took a full 48 hours nonstop. Killing any carbon based life she saw and scanning the equipment took time. As always any new adventure that died on floor one wasn't carrying much of value. A few street cone converted helmets. A few aprons people thought would help protect them. A firework launcher or two. nothing of value.

Stepping onto floor two she sat down for a drink. sipping on the cool refreshing blueberry drink she favored. This was no gatorade (not sponsored). This drink was made from real blueberries Mr. Yotsuyama saved from the destruction for her as an apology of making her wet herself years prior. then it was imbued power from lifeshrooms, slowfungus. mouseshrooms, and lastly, and her personal favorite, bloodfungus (Medium)* it gave the blueberries such a rich and familiar taste. the same taste that X described as. "The taste of death." Taking a bite off a rat she grilled she continued up to floor three.

On the escalator she felt her bladder begin to give her signals that, nature called, but some force told her it wasn't necessary yet. she was a big girl, a bad bitch, the queen of the Tower of Barbs. Plus, the most deadly female to ever set foot on this accursed tower. mk-1 Coen(2), the guardian and first challenge to anyone climbing the tower approached her and kneeled.

"Floor 3 guardian, she began, has anyone dared to approach you?" She asked

"No, my unholy mistress. Any fool brave enough to come near me is, as you can see, dead or in my belly, human flesh is a treat, I must ask you to stay awhile...."he rambled on The jackals and the Dons are the only people these vile beasts respect. climbing from floor 3 to floor 4 was easy enough she was however; feeling that ever growing need to urinate increase. before it felt like a small stream, manageable. By now though, it was starting to increase. grabbing her crotch to fight a wave of desperation between screamer attacks. in her less focused state she made the mistake of leaning back instead of stepping back and took an Apocalyptic Hockey Stick to the face, slicing her cheek. With a punch empowered with rage she punched that undead twat's head clean off.

"Wait a minute, she said bending over, feeling her bladder protest this position. This hockey stick is abnormal." The blue enhanced wood was laced with incinderary chemicals, scanning the item she put it into her backpack. that would fetch a decent price, I would estimate about 3,500 kill coins or KC for short. Looking at the dead male corpse, or rather, redead corpse she saw the Great Britain Republic's logo, the Familiar GBR insignia was like acid in the throat. these people sent assassins for years to kill Y. I guess they still haven't given up... All he did was kill their queen...

Scanning his armor she pocketed it as well, this wasn't for the black market. she collected insignias she wanted to keep track of all the teams she has disposed of. brushing her hands on her white high cut dress, she sighed noticing the blood stain on the leg part. she kicked the corpse "FUCKING BASTARD DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH DRY CLEANING COSTS NOWADAYS!! She screamed. This was Z's favorite dress, her good luck dress. the only time its even gotten dirty was when something bad was going to happen. She shook the negative thoughts from her head and continued on.

On the fifth floor she encountered a rather, friendly bone tuber as in his shiny claws couldn't stay off her ass. She with the persuasion of removing one of those said claws convinced it molesting her wasn't a good idea. by now she was doing a pee dance between every couple of rooms. "What am I doing? Torturing my body" Zhenga thought to herself. Again though, for some reason she felt the need to continue, reaching the escalator to the 6th floor only meant 1one thing to her. almost at her goal of ten floors before pissing. she sat on the rising stairway and sipped on her drink. while its healing properties fixed the scratch on her cheek it did nothing to aid in her blood stain on white problem...

The sixth floor was never a laughing matter, between tower crazed survivors, hatrified fighters that still knew how to shoot their pistols or even worse wield their blades, and screamers. If this wasn't bad enough, the second true challenge to any climber was on this floor. the Mk-1 Jin-Die(3). If Z was the baddest bitch of the tower Jin-die was the second baddest bitch. approaching the empty chasm she lived the familar sound of a woman's laughter echo'd across the walls. "Hello, Z" the matrion's voice echo'd around the chasm. "I assume you already know why I'm here?" Zhenga asked with impatience. The corpses of any foolish human has already been added to myself. I only take their flesh and skulls. Their junk, is over there" Jin-die said pointing her camera's to an area by the exit. Looking through this Z realized the Jin-Die was correct. All this shit was junk.

The seventh floor was the hardest floor yet. the entire walk was met with Z yelling at herself, "Just take a piss god dammit" but she couldn't. her body was trembling with desire having to keep one hand buried into her crotch.

Game paused

Exitting...

3....

2...

1...

Removing the headset I looked at Uncle Death. "Hey bro, whats the button to make her pee, she looks like her dam is gonna burst any second," I asked him

"I think its L1-R1 plus square at the same time." He replied

"Thanks bro" I responded

Game resuming...

3...

2...

1....

She made it to the eighth floor. God she needed to pee, she felt the first warm splurt go into her black laced panties. feeling her crotch she determined the damage wasn't severe. "Hell, she said aloud, I'm this close to floor 10. I can make it" Although, she wasn't to sure of this herself. between the need to make quick adjustments and stay hydrated she knew this would be harder than she thought. in the middle of a huge wave of desperation she let out a two second long leak. she shrieked alerting the screamer in front of her of Z's presence. Holding her crotch unable to move she felt the first firework impact her chest. Doing everything she could to avoid a full on wet dress. she slung the yo-yo ahead of her, slicing that screamer in two.

This momentum caused her to lose her grip for a second, but a second was all it took for a small nickel sized wet spot to appear on the dress. I'm wetting myself I have to go now. She finally felt like it was allowed to go. crouching beside the edge of one of the rooms she pushed her panties aside. pulled her dress up, and let the torrent go. it was then she felt a blow land on the back of her head. she saw stars falling on her butt she could only think "who hit me" regaining her focus she felt the warm liquid running down her leg. she managed to get it under control again. "Great" she said looking at the damage. there was now a very moderately sized wet patch on her dress. about the size of a coconut. turning around she punched the figure that attacked her. going straight through his undead chest and ripping out his heart. squeezing it the beast was shattered falling appart like dust.

"Z.. come in It's X" she heard over her headset

"I hear you X" she replied

"we have a problem on the thirty-fourth floor we need you up her pronto, Y's down he's been shot by a sniper. We are pinned down, I've applied oriental medicine too the wounds but if we dont remove this issue soon. He may not be the only one needing dry cleaning." X said jokingly with obvious stress in his voice, but she lost him after he said Y was down all she could think was "no-no-no-no" she ran to the nearest elevator ignoring the feeling of warm liquid running down her leg she didn't care. Her brother in arms needed her. And she was going to kill the bastard who shot him. by the time her rage settled into composure the damage was done, her panties, her dress her pride was all soaked she didn't care. She could blame it on sweat after all.

Using the elevator was a long slow process she didn't mind it normally but right now she was in a hurry. using a flame baton to dry her dress enough to make the stain not as noticeable she knew she'd still smell bad. taking one last big swig of her drink she dumped the remaining liquid onto her, she could say she fell taking a drink and spilled in on her, after all the combination of mushrooms could cause temporary loss of balance. not as bad as cateyeshrooms, or heartshrooms but still could be bad.

Arriving on the floor she could smell the super charged gunpowder. She could her the explosive shots. she ran towards it climbing up the burning debris that was in her way, she knew her body would be drained tomorrow she didn't care, not now, not when her brother was holding it together with mushrooms and X's subpar medical skills. after all X was the bad-ass, the brute of the team. I'd seen him use his blade in ways no ordinary man could. however, even if he was also her brother, she knew if anyone was gonna notice that he wet herself from the smell it was gonna be him. That wanker had the sense of smell of a bloodhound, and boy did he use it when it was to fuck with either of them.

At last, she made it to the scene, in front of her was the sniper, she was going to kill him in the most brutal way imaginable. using her rage she threw the yo-yo causing its high energy wire to slice through the man's arms. disarming him, literally, and figuratively. kicking that sorry bastard in the face she held his mouth open putting the toy into his mouth she activated it causing spinning ionic blades to tear through him, his screams were muffled by his gargles on blood. when his body quit twitching only then did she pull back her weapon.

Hopping down from the ledge she ran towards X and Y. she gasped when she saw Y. his blood was everywhere there was a humongous hole, about the size of a .45 from close range in his shoulder near the area of an artery.

" I stopped the bleeding; but you should take him to Mr.Yotsuyama. He'll be able to patch him up." X said with the look of worry on his face, his visor was clear. its normal black look was disabled so he could show emotions. For the first time Z saw a tear come out of his face. This was the first time she'd ever seen him cry. Y was the responsible one , the one they all relied on. now he needed her. Picking him up gently."What will you do?" She asked him. "I'll continue the mission down to floor 9" He replie walking off. Sighing. she carried him to the express elevator. He was heavy. But, she wasn't going to let him die because he was "too heavy" punching in the floor number. Floor 40 she prayed to the Mother Barbs that he will be safe. The doors open. Mr. Yotsuyama was within sight.

"WE NEED A MEDIC"She shouted at the top his her lungs. and several of his elite guards came running. Following behind was a gurney and medic squad. All together Mr. Yotsuyama had about 100 employed through him. 93 of which were normal joes, doctors, scientist, soldiers the like. 4 were Dons. 3 jackals. then he had his vile creations guarding floors. Coen, Jin-die, Goto-9, and the most vicious he has never dared to replicate U-10. I watched in horror as they took him away.

Please... Let him be alright

Exiting,,,

3....

2....

Logging out....

....

1....

"Closing time Emos" Ms. Detox yelled at the three of us. I could feel tears running down my face. Uncle death without saying a word in his normal sarcastic self just walked away. Mejin left. And I left. That wasn't real. I told myself. But, my heart felt different.... I just carried my dying brother to be saved.... I may hate the jackals when i fight them... but man, I hope Y is alright I thought to myself as I began the cold wintry walk home.

End of Chapter 1.

Afterwords.

Hey guys me again. thank you for reading this.

Please remember to watch the video, and look at the images below to help visualize this stuff.

Also jin-die collects skulls because he fires them out the railgun inside her chest.

*Bloodfungus comes in 3 sizes small medium and large.

$iframe frameborder="0" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/NRs3WK8tqV4?feature=oembed"

$$

$$

$$

*002*2018-09-12 23:20

Before I begin as always thank you for reading. :) same rules as last time (*) means look at image or video thank you.

Prologue

"SENPAIIIIII!!!!" A voice behind me yelled. Sighing I turned around to witness a radical kickflip, "He actually landed it!" I said to myself.

"Where ya headed senpai?" The Grim Reaper asked.

"The same place I always head after college classes, The arcade" I respond to him walking away. "following behind me he popped off a question I didn't want to answer.

"Why did you let Z piss herself?" He asked.

"Because, my controller wasn't responding" I replied blushing.

"Uhhhuh" Uncle D replied winking through his psychedelic glasses

Opening the door to the arcade, the familiar chime of the bell awoke Naomi from her phone. "Hey uncle Death, hey less-creepy emo" She yelled from behind the counter (1)

"Hey Naomi" we say together"

"I'm in here you know, most people would find being called a creepy emo an insult" Mejin commented glued to his game. "Hush, creep, what would you do give us a bad review on fluff book?" she said sarcastically!

Ignoring their bickering we sat down in our normal seat booting up the death drive 128. The only thoughts running through my mind was what could the next chapter of the dlc hold for us.

Chapter 2: Blood only brings pleasure| Jackal MC X

Death-drive 128....

Let...Let it Die

Logging in please wait....

Loading.....

Daily login reward....

10,000 KC....

Please collect your rewards from the Reward box in the main game...

Slice! Hack! Splurt! Torture! Murder! Hatred! These were the things that had defined Xavier's existence. For the first time in the young murderer's life her felt something else. was this?? Sadness!! Shaking those thoughts from his head he continued on with the mission. every so often allowing an enemy to graze him with their blades or bullets. He wanted the pain, he longed for the torture.

Torment, was all he knew, all he would ever know. The dangerous brute sat on the escalator to the thirtieth floor. taking big gulps from his crimson, liquid. His drink was different than the other two's. his was made of pure bloodium (L) spliced with mouseshrooms. The rage inducing, healing liquid tasted like the blood he so longed for. He wasn't a masochist, He simply loved the glimmer of hope in opponents eyes thinking that because they got their one "hit" in they could defeat him. Like always seeing the light get squashed out of their eyes made him excited. made him feel complete. His only complaint in life was his bladder. The bloodium went straight through him causing the annoying sensation of needing to piss.

Arriving on the 30th floor he yelled out "LITTLE BITCH BOY CROWLEY GET YOUR ASS DOWN HERE!" To further his annoyance of course the child turned elder wizard was nowhere to be seen.(2)"I'M GOING TO COUNT TO THREE AND THEN YOU'RE GETTING AN ASS SPANKING" X yelled into the dark room. "Calm yourself mortal" an old voice echo'd out from the darkness. "what you seek is already below you" the voice continued. unsheathing his blade he saw the old man was correct. scanning the items he only found one thing of interest, a GBR insignia on the armor of one of the foolish explorers. "Those, weaklings are still after Y?" he thought to himself pocketing the insignia he continued on. turning around only to flash grenade the room. smiling he left. He knew the old fucker hated light he was all about complete and utter darkness. that would give him something to meditate on for next time X comes through.

By the twenty-sixth floor he started to grow concerned. his bladder was now sending him signals that he had to piss, and worst of all he couldn't. Something was telling him to press on. Xavier, being the prideful pone, was not going to let anyone or anything see him desperate. continuing to drink from his canteen he made short work of the screamers on the floor. again GBR insignias littered their armor. this was worrisome. An expedition here and there was normal from every country. but he was seeing full on riot gear and tear gas canisters on the redead corpses.As his need to urinate increased he felt his larger than normal penis begin to harden in desperation.

"Ignore it for now he said to himself. Pressing on now in possession of a whole squads worth of GBR insignias. He knew he would have to report this to Mr, Yotsuyama. He was fearless nothing scared him, except for that man. he was dangerous. Not the same way X was . In the kind of dangerous he would lie straight to your face then shoot you in the back as you walked away. He'd seen him do it before to soldiers who fail missions. he hoped like hell Y didn't get that treatment. IF he did, X was so taking his gun

The 26th floor was unique in the face it had two guardians. A jin-Die outfitted with electromagnetic shockwaves and a Coen who is actually half-ass intelligent. unlike the floor 3 coen this one was actual troublesome to anyone climbing the tower. "Bottom Boy! Anal Bitch!" He shouted into the empty courtyard. immediately he was greeted by a female voice that reminded him of his mother. "Hhelloo X" she said uncloaking herself. The abomination was disgustingly beautiful. The smell of death and decay made Xavier's heart pound in a way he's only felt since he killed his parents. Lust.

"You know why I'm here don't you?" he asked "To claim the luggage of our unwelcomed visitors?" she said pointing to a pile in the middle of the room. "Where's your sexual deviant friend" X asked, not really caring but concerned because if he left the 26th floor that could disrupt the balance of the tower Mr.Yotsuyama worked so hard to maintain. "Wee hhad a fffight. Ie... killed him*" she said laughing maniacally? Smiling in amusement he knew Mr. Yotsuyama would be indifferent to the news. after all. A Coen as the most basic of all the abominations in the tower. with u-10 being the worst he by far was the weakest. Scanning the materials of the dead challengers he proceeded down the escalator.

He felt a wave of desperation hit him. having to quickly grab his crotch to avoid leaking he stood frozen. he felt something he feared most. warmth. a 3 second long leak escaped. Barely regaining control he examined the damage.;a penny sized wet spot on his white cargo pants. enjoying the feeling of pain and torment this caused his body he drank from his canteen." I should do this more often" he said to himself

At this point he was fully erect a nice sized tent protruded from his crotch. He was openly holding himself as he sliced through wave after wave of enemies. fighting his way to the floor 24 escalator. but, his bladder had other ideas, he doubled over in pain as his dam finally burst. hot uring shot through his pants with the force of a jet ski on smooth tides. he tried to no avail stopping the stream moaning in relief. he began trembling in pleasure. as the warmth ran down his legs filling his shoes with the hot smelly liquid.

It felt incredible. after he finished he set up a camp. allowing for his pants to dry over a fire. in the meantime... he decided, it was time to let out some pent up stress. exposing his member he took his hand up and down the shaft. till the ultimate bliss. shooting a load over a dead corpse in front of his camp. smiling at the disgrace he had done, wiping his hands clean he removed the sleeping bag from his pack and laid down. he was excited for tomorrow, because he knew he would experience this all over again. IF he wanted.

Logging out...

3....

2...

1...

"Okay emos, closing time" Naomi yelled from behind the counter.

"I'm disappointed we were unable to see Y's fate in this last chapter" Uncle Death commented as we walked out the door.

"The game probably wants us to wonder in suspense for awhile." I replied causally.

Looking over my shoulder at Naomi who was locking the arcade door behind her. her hand leaving her crotch only for a second to lock the door before hurrying off.

"hahaha I KNEW IT!" Uncle Death exclaimed to me

"What?!" I asked.

"You like people wetting themself!"

"Maybe" Was all the reply i could muster blushing in embarrassment at the comment... maybe he was right...

* Jin-Die's talks in a slow drawn out way that is cute, but disturbing when not expecting it.

$$

$$
