Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*015*2023-03-28 02:09

“You know what might be fun, Goku?” Bulma asked. This was going to be challenging, she needed to propose this to Goku without explaining her motivation. If she let anything about Vegeta’s problem slip to Goku, the rage would be beyond anything she’d ever seen before, and his ability to trust her would never recover. “Don’t let him know I told you this, but Vegeta’s still not feeling very good. That food poisoning was awful. But, you know how he is… He’s convinced you’re gonna get so far ahead of him now that he’ll never catch up. So, I wanted to see if you’d be willing to compete with him in something OTHER than fighting.”

“I guess,” Goku said. “He’s still sick?”

“A little,” Bulma said. “He’s doing much better, but I’m still not gonna let him work himself up again just yet. That’s why I thought you two could do something that isn’t so strenuous for once. Like, maybe a water drinking contest.”

To her surprise, Goku didn’t immediately say that it ‘sounded fun’, or even just suggest that they drink something tastier than water. Instead his eyebrows furrowed. “Um… Really?”

For his part, Goku was pretty confused. Had Vegeta somehow managed to NEVER tell Bulma about his problem? Okay, sure, Vegeta refusing to share his feelings was to be expected, but… GOKU had eventually figured it out by himself, and he knew he wasn’t exactly the smartest guy around. Bulma was a genius, though! How could she not tell by now?

Whatever had happened to cause Bulma to ‘miss’ what was glaringly obvious to Goku, this contest was not a good idea. Bulma was right about one thing, Goku knew EXACTLY how Vegeta was, and how he would behave in almost any situation.

Vegeta wouldn’t hesitate to drink an absurd amount of water, as fast as he possibly could. He’d probably be AWARE of the fact that he was only sabotaging himself, but in his mind that wouldn’t even come CLOSE to mattering— Not when there was a possibility for him to defeat Goku. If Goku tried to only drink a little in order to encourage Vegeta to take it easy, he’d be shouted at to stop holding back, victory wouldn’t count unless Goku TRIED.

Then, after the contest— Very SHORTLY after the contest, since Vegeta had chugged so much so quickly— he’d be bursting at the seams and incapable of doing anything about it. The contest would have people there to watch it— Bulma would be there, at least. Goku could MAYBE get Vegeta away for a bit of privacy, but how discreetly he managed to DO that depended on who all was there.

“A water drinking contest,” Bulma repeated. “We see which one of you can drink the most the fastest, and then…” she paused. “Okay, before you say anything I know this is weird. There IS a reason I’m suggesting it, I promise. I just can’t tell you. But… After that, you and Vegeta are going to… See which one of you can ‘hold it’ the longest.”

Wow, that was… Goku didn’t have a problem with trying new things, and he’d be willing to try THIS, if it was with anyone else. Vegeta would just… He’d be thoroughly uncomfortable the entire time, and very little of that would have to do with just needing to pee. Vegeta had made it abundantly clear that a huge part of his problem was that he couldn’t tolerate anyone knowing that his bladder was full— That he even HAD a bladder at all.

If he was placed in a situation where everyone around him KNEW that he had to pee, where they were all anticipating it, where him needing to pee was the only thing ANYONE was focused on… Goku couldn’t think of a more cruel way to torture Vegeta.

And, through it all— Goku knew how Vegeta WAS— He’d be humiliated and feeling utterly terrible, but this was STILL a way for him to prove himself superior to Goku. If this contest was suggested to him, he wouldn’t be able decline, no matter how much he KNEW he should. Goku quitting early so that Vegeta DIDN’T actually get desperate would earn him rage rather than gratitude.

It was a bad idea.

And since Bulma apparently HADN’T ever figured out Vegeta’s problem, Goku now had to get her to drop this plan without explaining what was so bad about it. “I… I don’t know about that,” he said. “Er… Have you mentioned this to Vegeta yet?” He paused and thought, trying to stop himself from giving too much away. Vegeta would be FURIOUS at him if he told Bulma. Clearly if he’d kept it a secret for this long, he NEVER wanted her to know. “Because, I think he’d start shouting that it’s ‘childish’ and ‘beneath the pride of a mighty Saiyan warrior.’”

“He might,” Bulma agreed. “But, there IS a reason I want him to do this.”

Goku thought about that, struggling to come up with a single reason Bulma would WANT Vegeta to be put in that position. When he remembered some stuff Gohan had mentioned, it started to make a little sense, though. Gohan had a ‘problem’ too, it just wasn’t as bad as Vegeta’s was. He COULD pee wherever he wanted, but needed someone to give him permission first. He’d had lots of trouble at school for a while, until he told his friend Videl about it and she started telling him to pee during their breaks.

Except, sometimes Gohan came home still squirming and desperate, and he said that Videl hadn’t ever given him permission! Instead, she’d just spent the whole day teasing him, and telling him that he looked ‘cute’ when he crossed his legs and jumped around. Goku hadn’t understood that even the tiniest bit, but if he’d learned ANYTHING during his first adventure with Bulma, it was that girls were weird and confusing.

“Oh, okay,” Goku said. “I think I understand… You just wanna watch Vegeta and me fidget around for a while, right? Vegeta’s probably gonna get mad if you ask him, but I can do it on my own if you wa—“

“Wh—What are you—“ Bulma was blinking at him with a look of embarrassed horror. “Who even TAUGHT you about that, Goku?! There’s no way you thought of it on your own!”

“Gohan says Videl sometimes won’t let him pee ‘cause she likes how he looks when he—“

“That’s not why I want to do this!” Bulma interrupted. She would love it if she never saw Vegeta truly desperate again. Since, to Vegeta, ‘desperate’ meant he was holding multiple liters of piss and his bladder was basically about to tear him open.

The only part that was even ALMOST cute was how much he blushed, and—

“That’s not it,” Bulma repeated. “You’re right, he probably won’t like this, but I’m… I’m sort of trying to help him with something, and I think this will work.”

Goku shook his head. “I’m… Actually trying to help him with something too,” he said. “And… Uh… That’s… Kinda why I think this is a bad idea.”

Bulma paused. “Wait, Goku… Did Vegeta tell you about—“ She stopped herself. “Did Vegeta ever mention anything about… Uh, this?”

“He DID tell you?” Goku asked. “That’s great! It was getting really hard not to just say it.”

“He ACTUALLY told you,” Bulma repeated. “I only got him to mention it after yelling at him for a few minutes, how did YOU—“

“He didn’t ‘tell me’ exactly, I just kinda figured it out,” Goku said.   “And you said you’ve been ‘helping’ him?!”

“Oh, yeah… Uh, don’t tell Vegeta I mentioned that part!” Goku’s panic rose for a second. “He’d be mad, and then he wouldn’t want me to help anymore, and he— He won’t admit it, but he really needs for me to keep—“

“I won’t tell him,” Bulma promised. “I’m just surprised.” Thinking it over though, she supposed she shouldn’t have been THAT shocked. Vegeta and Goku spent most of their time together, and she was sure Goku had trained himself to notice ANY sign of weakness his opponents showed. An urgently full bladder would be an easy one to spot. And, all that time together meant Vegeta DID trust Goku quite a bit.

Of course, if he was going to someone for help, who else would it be?

She was still certain that her idea was a good one and, with Goku aware of what the goal actually was, she was even MORE sure that it would be successful. “A—Anyway, that’s why I wanted you guys to do this. Vegeta needs to look at this in a different way, and… No offense to either of you, but this is the only thing I can imagine Vegeta easily beating you at.”

NOW, Goku thought it all made sense. Vegeta would FINALLY defeat him at something, and it would be a huge boost to his confidence. It might even help him get rid of his problem— Or, at least, make it a little less severe. Whenever he went to pee and started to think that it made him weak, he could instead think ‘My bladder’s five times the size of Kakarot’s! It’s the strongest one there is!’

Goku could give his friend that. If it made him feel better, Goku would agree to a contest that he was doomed to lose. That wasn’t to say he had any intention of giving up and not trying his best. He doubted the plan would even WORK if he did that! He knew Vegeta, and he knew Vegeta wouldn’t consider it a true victory unless it was close, and he’d had to work hard for it.

Goku started to dread the contest a little bit then. Every part of his body had been rigorously trained since he was a child. Every part of his body was amazingly strong, and got tougher every day. Every part, except for one.

Goku had never been all that great at holding it. That was sort of inevitable. He seriously just never really WAITED as a kid, if he had to pee, he’d DO it. He was outside pretty much constantly, he’d probably ‘used’ every tree in his living area at least once. When he was little, it was just… Fun to pee on things. Sometimes he’d draw shapes in the dirt with his stream.

He’d probably STILL be doing that if it didn’t cause Chi-Chi to yell at him.

But, after he met Bulma, he’d needed to be painstakingly trained OUT of the habit of just peeing wherever he felt like it. Many times, Bulma had shouted at him “At least go behind a bush first!” Goku had tried to remember, but sometimes the need would just hit him and he’d HAVE to do it right there! He hadn’t understood why Bulma had to get so angry about it.

Later, when Bulma taught him that sometimes he was going to have to WAIT, Goku had struggled immensely. “We’re in a town, Goku. You can’t just pee on the ground here. You’ll get in trouble. Wait until we find a toilet.”

A few times, he’d tried to sneak off and pee somewhere Bulma wouldn’t notice, because he just NEEDED to do it so badly… But, Bulma usually DID notice, and she’d scold him and order him to stop before he’d even gotten his pants out of the way.

Over time, he managed to get SLIGHTLY better at waiting, but he still hated the feeling. He only held it if he had literally NO choice— Usually because he knew someone ELSE would get angry at him for it.

Vegeta had held it for two days. Goku could NEVER do that, it was utterly impossible for him to even get close. But, he WOULD force himself to hold it to his very limit— He’d wait until he was practically having an accident— And Vegeta would get to experience a victory that would, Goku hoped, go a long way towards fixing his problem.

Vegeta HIMSELF had even thought about doing this for a few seconds before, maybe he wouldn’t be too opposed to trying it.

***

“Are you out of your mind?!” Vegeta demanded. “What has to have happened to you for you to think for ONE second that I would—“

Bulma thought it would be unwise to tell Vegeta the PURPOSE of the contest, it might not work if he KNEW that was what they were trying to do. “It will just be the three of us. Me, you and Goku—“

“Absolutely NOT,” Vegeta shouted. “I am NEVER going to—“

“Well, if you say so…” Bulma said, knowing she was about to get dangerously close to revealing the plan. “But, this is a REALLY good way for you to defeat Goku. I doubt HE can wait as long as you…”

“Of COURSE he can’t!” Vegeta yelled. “Kakarot could never— That isn’t why I’m refusing!”

“But, I guess if you won’t try, Goku wins by default, doesn’t he?”

“Th—That’s not how it works, woman! You and I BOTH know that Kakarot couldn’t—“

“I THINK you’d win,” Bulma said. “I believe in you, but I’m not sure. Shouldn’t we check?”

“I held it for TWO days a week ago,” Vegeta declared. “You honestly believe KAKAROT could do that?!”

Ah… That was interesting. Suddenly, when he mentioned how long he’d waited, he made the announcement with pride. It wasn’t shame that leaked from those words anymore, it was instead a boastful acknowledgment that he’d done something no one else could. His way of thinking was being shifted just at the IDEA of besting Goku, actually DOING it might be a miracle cure!

Bulma pushed further, “I don’t know, he IS pretty strong, isn’t he?”

“He’s not THAT strong!” Vegeta insisted. “Just you watch!”

***

A few days later as he stared at a collection of large water pitchers laid out on the kitchen table, Vegeta wished he could go back and stop himself from agreeing to this. He’d merely suffered a moment of temporary insanity, and he shouldn’t be held responsible for anything he’d said during it.

This was going to be humiliating.

Bulma watching as he… Held it. Her KNOWING that he was holding it, that he was full, that any twitches or shifts in his posture had been prompted by his bladder. Worse yet, she was going to be WATCHING for all of those little motions, anticipating them, expecting them.

There was only one solution; He would not allow himself to move at ALL. He wouldn’t even allow himself to tremble— The one thing he’d never been able to train his body out of. Today, he would do it. He would order himself to stay perfectly, absolutely still, and his body would comply. His bladder was going to learn to OBEY him if it was the last thing he ever did…

What he really wanted was for someone ELSE to be… Observing them. Someone whom didn’t KNOW that Vegeta had something WRONG with him. Someone whom Vegeta didn’t have… all of those ‘feelings’ for, that made him even less willing than USUAL to show any vulnerability. He would have preferred… Maybe the green one? Piccolo had never NEEDED to piss, he wouldn’t even have a frame of reference for if Vegeta was twitching ‘too soon’ or not!

And then, there was Kakarot… He was being his usual, annoyingly cheerful self about the whole thing. As if this were a normal competition to have, and it wasn’t even all that different from the things they USUALLY did together. Why had Kakarot agreed to do this, anyway?! He knew of the… Issue, he should have been able to figure out how uncomfortable this was!

Instead, Kakarot just kept talking about how he’d been ‘trying to train his bladder’ so that Vegeta could have some good competition. It was like he’d FORGOTTEN how much more complicated this was for him. But, unless Kakarot had hit his head again, that didn’t seem possible. So then WHY—

“Okay,” Bulma said. “You guys ready to start?”

Vegeta would never be ready for ANYTHING that involved embarrassing himself in front of her…

But, Kakarot answered for both of them; “Yep!”

“Great, first let’s see which of you can drink the fastest,” Bulma said.

Vegeta reluctant moved a hand towards one of the pitchers, hesitating. He NEVER drank this much, it was a bad idea. He could work through having a dry mouth, he could ignore it when his muscles cramped and just keep pushing past it, those things couldn’t stop him in the way a full bladder could.

Kakarot, of course, grabbed a jug and started to guzzle it without a care. Chugging it down quickly. REALLY quickly, like he was showing off! He wanted Bulma to think he was superior to Vegeta even when it came to drinking water! ABSOLUTELY NOT.

Vegeta reached for a pitcher and started to drink— MUCH faster than Kakarot could ever DREAM of! His eyes widened as the first few gulps went down his throat, it felt… It felt so good, erasing the ever-present, painfully scratching ache that he’d grown used to. It was the same feeling he’d had when Kakarot convinced him to drink out of the lake, something inside of him was snapping and becoming wholly focused on how much he wanted to quench his unyielding thirst.

Vegeta knew full well that he never drank enough. He knew he was supposed to have around four liters of water a day— Probably even MORE considering how active he was— But he never got close to that. His bladder was subtly throbbing basically every second of every day, more fluid would ensure that he was splitting at the seams nonstop. He could live with a constant, low pressure. He couldn’t endure a near-eternity of bright hot, brilliant desperation.

So, in addition to always kind of needing to pee, Vegeta was also perpetually thirsty. He was usually so disciplined about it too, he thought. He’d drink a little bit, then make himself stop no matter how much his body pleaded for more. It was rare that he lost control like this…

He definitely HAD lost control, though. He finished the first pitcher in under half a minute— WAY before Kakarot finished with his even though he’d gotten a head-start! He’d had so much water, all of it now coursing through him, headed to a place that had no viable exit.

He was still so thirsty…

And, like Hell would he let Kakarot catch up to him!

Vegeta reached for the second and drank that one as eagerly as he’d done the first. Why did his body need to get rid of water, anyway? If he never had to pee, he could drink as much as he wanted and not have to worry about it. Bladders were stupid, Saiyans should have evolved beyond them long ago.

He finished the second pitcher faster than he had the first one, moving onto the third. He finally slowed down after that one, somewhat stunned by how different he felt. His throat wasn’t scratchy at all, his tongue wasn’t heavy, and the perpetual, subtle headache that he’d long ago learned to just live with had gone away.

He was accustomed to always being at least partially dehydrated, it was surprising how different the alternative actually felt. If his body would just learn to actually cooperate with what came NEXT, he could get used to this.

Bulma watched as Vegeta drank. He could definitely do THAT faster than Goku could, and it was giving Bulma pause, forcing her to think back over some of Vegeta’s other habits that she’d never paid much attention to before. He tended to really shy away from beverages, she’d noticed him scrutinizing the amount of liquid left in his water bottles before. She now knew that was him trying to guess the exact amount of fluid he’d put into himself.

Other times, when he knew he’d be home for a while, he drank more like THIS, like he just couldn’t get enough.

Because, ordinarily, he WASN’T getting enough.

He was restricting his intake, and he was restricting it nearly all of the time, despite constantly engaging in activities that made him work up a sweat. It struck her then exactly how controlling this ‘problem’ of his actually was. It was constantly doing damage to his health.

If all went according to plan here, Bulma’s next step needed to be teaching Vegeta to drink a decent amount of water.

“Well,” Bulma said once all the bottles were empty. “Vegeta’s definitely the fastest drinker. I guess now we just have to wait.”

Great… Time for the humiliation to commence. Vegeta had zero need to relieve himself yet, just the annoying hum in his bladder that was almost ALWAYS there and easily faded into the background. It was so subtle that he barely even recognized it as an urge to do anything. His stomach felt abnormally bloated, though. He was really full even though he hadn’t eaten anything. He didn’t think he’d EVER had that much water all at once before.

Goku didn’t think HE’D ever drank that much before, either. His gut was aching a little, it felt heavy. He was nervous about how quickly all of that liquid would MOVE. If it all showed up in his bladder at once, this contest wouldn’t even last ten minutes… Goku wasn’t sure if he’d even be able to make it to a toilet before he lost in a far more embarrassing way.

Him losing that quickly just wasn’t an option though. No matter how genuinely desperate Goku was, if Vegeta wasn’t struggling at least a little… His friend wouldn’t accept it as a victory. He’d be convinced that Goku had LET him win. There needed to be some degree of struggle to this for it to have any kind of positive affect on his confidence.

Vegeta had just drank an abnormally large quantity of liquid too, so Goku doubted he’d manage to hold it in as long as he usually did. Still, with Vegeta’s normal limit apparently being around two full days, Goku knew to expect a LONG wait before Vegeta was at a point where it would be okay to stop.

So, Goku resolved to simply NOT think about peeing for as long as he could. He would hasten his own desperation if he focused too much on it. Instead, he thought about fighting, and how he and Vegeta hadn’t been able to finish their last match since his friend had gotten so sick. He hoped Vegeta would be well enough to battle again soon, whatever virus he’d caught must have been terrible.

Goku was glad to see that he WAS doing way better today. He wasn’t pale or sweaty anymore. Bulma must have given him good medicine. Goku hoped Vegeta hadn’t needed a shot— Those were so scary! He’d seen Vegeta get one of those before, and was amazed that his friend had managed not to scream. Vegeta was really brave like that, Goku wished he’d learn to be braver about his problem.

Vegeta tried to keep himself as still as possible. He still didn’t feel any urgent need to go, but he was so wary of Bulma’s watchful eyes. She’d think any motion from him was due to his bladder being full. Stillness did not come naturally to him— To ANY Saiyan, really. They were always filled with energy, always running or fighting. Even in their sleep, it wasn’t unusual for them to flail a bit— Something Bulma often whined about. (“You know, it’s not exactly PLEASANT to be woken up at three AM by a foot in my shoulder, Vegeta!”)

Vegeta’s legs often got this annoying, ticklish feeling just beneath the skin whenever he was still for too long. His body wanted him to move, and it usually wasn’t hard for him to find a way to do so with a PURPOSE. Sometimes, just running laps around Capsule Corp could burn off a little of the excess energy if he had nowhere else to exert it. He rarely allowed himself to deal with the tingling by bouncing his legs— He knew what that would LOOK like. It would REALLY look like that if he did it NOW.

He had to stay perfectly, completely still. His hands were gripping the table in front of him, and he REALLY wanted to start tapping his fingers against it. Would that make it look like he had to pee? Even though he DIDN’T need it hardly at all?

It probably would. He needed to be still. Very, very still. He didn’t even let himself scratch his neck when it began to itch.

Goku was starting to feel it already. To his relief, it hadn’t all slammed into him at once, but it WAS getting bad, fast. It was enough that he needed to adjust his position every couple minutes, pressure building at an alarming rate. He knew enough just from experience to realize that drinking a whole bunch all at once made it move through his body faster, but he really wished it would slow down. Vegeta wasn’t moving at all, hadn’t even gotten that shuddery twitch he had when he was trying his best not to show any desperation.

Goku had needed to go worse than this before. Both times he’d come back to life, he’d learned that some of his body’s processes would sort of ‘speed up’ to make up for all the lost time. Peeing was one of them— It was a bit like waking up from a long sleep. A REALLY long sleep. The first time he was brought back, he’d been dead for about a year. No one had actually WARNED him that he’d need to pee worse than he’d thought possible the instant his halo vanished.

He hadn’t even been able to PROCESS it, to truly register ‘Man, I gotta PEE!’ before he suddenly just… Was.

King Kai HAD been telling him to hurry back to Earth, but paused. “… Right, maybe I should have said something first.”

Goku did his best to laugh it off. He was, after all, kind of just in shock that it was even happening. “Well, uh… Guess I technically haven’t gone in a year, right?”

The next time, when he was brought back for the world tournament after being dead for SEVEN years, he knew what to expect. Before Baba resurrected him, he insisted on being in front of a tree first. A few seconds later, he honestly felt kind of bad about what he ended up doing to it.

Of course, the times VEGETA had been brought back to life were more complica—

Vegeta suddenly stood up, and Goku turned to look at him. He still wasn’t squirming, or shivering, or any of the other things Goku had learned indicated he had to pee. Goku was a bit disappointed by that, since his own bladder was starting to almost pinch at him a little.

“Just sitting around is too boring,” Vegeta declared. “This is not a challenge. We need something to make this a little more interesting.” He wasn’t sure if this was the right decision. He knew it could backfire on him easily, he knew what he was about to propose could irritate his bladder.

But… He just couldn’t handle sitting still anymore. He hadn’t trained at all today, he had more energy than he knew what to do with. Just moving to stand UP had quelled some of the annoying tingles in his legs. “Let’s…” he paused. He could think of PLENTY of exercises that were absolute Hell on the bladder. Everything he’d ever done to train, he’d had to try to do it while bursting at least once.

Recalling how, in his lowest moments, simply trying to WALK was almost more pain than he could take, Vegeta had an idea. It would hopefully hasten Kakarot’s failure, AND keep Bulma’s eyes off of him for a little bit. Even if Bulma DID try to follow them, she had no way of keeping up.

“Let’s race around the building,” Vegeta decided.

Goku paused at that. If Vegeta was still kind of sick, then he really shouldn’t be running around…

“What’s the matter, Kakarot?” Vegeta taunted. “Already aware that I’ll defeat you?”

He looked alright enough… “You’re on,” Goku said, standing up as well and— Ohhh, oh WOW… That did NOT feel good! All the liquid in him just surged STRAIGHT down with the change in gravity, and for a terrifying second he thought he was about to LEAK before Vegeta had shown ANY signs of need whatsoever!

He could just HEAR what Vegeta would say if he did that. “Stop holding back, Kakarot! Come at me with your full power!”

Goku squirmed a little where he stood, hitching his hips and rubbing his knees together, bouncing. It wasn’t gonna be easy to run like this, he could already tell. His bladder sent a few irritated pangs, as if it was scolding him for even considering it. He noticed Vegeta turning away from him, face reddening a little. That was weird, HE wasn’t the one fidgeting around— As much as Goku wished he’d start.

“Three, two, one, GO!” Vegeta counted off, and then immediately started to run out of sight.

Goku jumped, rushing off as well.

Vegeta ran down hall after hall. Kakarot was so embarrassing! They’d both only been holding it for around thirty minutes, and he was already starting to do that ridiculous dance! Kakarot had told him that his limit— pathetic as it may have been— was six hours. He should have far more stamina than what he was showing now, even if he HAD drank more than he usually did.

Was Kakarot trying to exaggerate it for some reason? He wanted Vegeta to THINK he’d be quitting soon so that he’d let his guard down? Or he wasn’t going to tap into his full strength to spare Vegeta’s stupid ‘feelings’? No way could the idiot actually be desperate after so little time had passed. Vegeta didn’t even FEEL i—

Wait…

What the Hell? That hadn’t been there a second ago! Vegeta slowed slightly, suddenly aware of a sharp pressure that had seriously just snuck up on him. This was how he felt when he’d already been holding it for around half a day— When it was uncomfortable enough that, in the back of his mind, he was forced to accept that he needed to find some relief soon, otherwise there would inevitably be a great deal of pain in his future.

And it hadn’t felt like that just a minute ago. The only other time where his need had come on that strongly and suddenly was when he had that… Humiliating illness. And that stupid thing was GONE. He knew he’d had a LOT of water, but it shouldn’t have done this THAT quickly…

He was seriously starting to slow down, his irritated bladder protesting his every step. He… Really wanted to…

Part of the reason he’d suggested this was so Bulma wouldn’t see him for a few minutes.

He stopped, glancing back and forth down the hall to confirm that it was empty. Once he was sure he was alone, he leaned into the wall and allowed his legs to cross. Phew… That already felt a little better. He tensed his thighs, eyes still wide and on alert for witnesses. This was all the squirming he was going to allow himself today, so he needed to calm his bladder down now, had to do whatever it took while he still had this moment of privacy.

While he didn’t think it was quite THAT urgent just yet, he did grant his hands permission to move between his legs for a few squeezes. That took a lot of the edge off, but he knew he was going to have to let go and straighten himself out again soon.

Just… Not yet.

He could sense Kakarot was still lagging behind, by quite an unusual margin. Vegeta could let himself fidget for at least another minute before he needed to worry about him catching up.

***

Goku was stunned to discover that running could actually be REALLY hard sometimes. The last time he’d really had to WORK at it was when he met King Kai for the first time and the gravity of his planet had been so extreme that Goku could barely move for a little bit.

This was sort of a similar feeling. He felt heavier than he was used to, and he had to really focus and think about how he moved his legs. He’d made the mistake of going a bit too fast in his bid to catch up to Vegeta, and again he’d nearly spilled over a little. Taking it slow was the only way he could deal with it.

Goku’s bladder was starting to physically hurt. It was NOTHING like what he’d experienced when he’d fused with Vegeta and had learned what his friend went through all the time, but it WAS painful enough to make him wince. If Vegeta didn’t start feeling it soon, Goku was no longer so sure if this plan would work, unless he cheated and used the restroom now with no one around to notice.

Goku would never resort to underhanded tactics, even when the battle he was facing was so unlike any other he’d ever fought. The pressure in his body was doing its very best to tempt him, though. When he passed a bathroom, he forced himself to move a little faster just so that he wouldn’t accidentally give in.

He reminded himself that this was all to help Vegeta, without him REALIZING that he was being helped. Goku would do anything for his friends, even hold his pee until it seriously hurt and he was worried that he’d actually explode.

At that, he reminded himself that the only time Vegeta exploded hadn’t even INVOLVED his bladder. And, if Vegeta couldn’t fill up so much that he physically blew up, then that meant Goku definitely couldn’t.

He just had to figure out how to hold this in a while longer.

***

Vegeta forced himself to stop squirming and start running again. He’d disgraced himself for long enough, and every passing second made it more likely that someone would come around the corner and witness it all unfolding. His bladder throbbed viciously when he let go of himself, and flared brighter when he untwisted his legs. When he made himself RUN, every time his foot hit the ground, his bladder boiled and fizzed, its walls aching. Steadfast, he ignored all of the discomforts and continued to move.

He made it back to Bulma first, impressed with himself. Something had changed inside of him, fire occupying his chest rather than ice. He’d beaten Kakarot! He almost felt like he may have been sort of… Enjoying himself.

He hoped Kakarot had not DELIBERATELY slowed his pace down for some reason. If there was one thing worse than LOSING to Kakarot, it was having Kakarot LET him win. And, he had a nagging suspicion Kakarot WAS doing that today.

Even if Kakarot’s bladder was smaller and he’d failed to ever train it, he was still squirming way too much for it to be genuine in Vegeta’s eyes. If his limit was six hours, as he’d claimed, then he should still be FINE now. Aside from that, Kakarot’s actual limit was probably far greater than he believed it to be. Six hours was just when it started to hurt and he gave up because he was lacking in discipline.

Kakarot was exaggerating his discomfort today, intending to go EASY on Vegeta because he knew of the ‘problem’.

Regardless of the problem, a battle was a battle. Vegeta wouldn’t settle for anything less than Kakarot’s best.

He thought this over in an attempt to distract himself from the urge to start squirming again. Bulma was RIGHT there, watching him. His skin prickled beneath her gaze. “Ha,” Vegeta said. “Kakarot must be slacking, he’s losing his speed. I could even run a second lap before he gets back!”

“I’m sure you could…” Bulma said, glancing him over. The ‘race’ seemed to have done him some good, there was a fire back in his eyes that had been absent ever since his sickness had appeared. He was feeling that thrill of competition again, which was exactly what she’d been hoping for. This might really work.

It took Bulma a few seconds to notice the other thing he was displaying. She’d come to realize that Vegeta was quite good at hiding his need up until a certain point— That when he DID start to visibly squirm in her presence, that meant his desperation was unimaginably severe. But, there were other, far more subtle, signs that cropped up faster. Signs which she only learned to recognize when tending to him while he was sick.

The small shivers working up and down his back had nothing to do with him feeling cold. The water was hitting him. It had taken a surprisingly long time for it do so, and she was stunned he was able to restrain himself to such tiny, barely noticeable twitches after the amount he’d had to drink.

“What are you looking at?” Vegeta demanded, turning away slightly. He could feel his shoulders shaking, and he couldn’t get them to stop! The pressure in his middle was deeply uncomfortable, and it was building way faster than what he was accustomed to. His body just kept getting tenser as he tried not to squirm against himself, and the shakes worsened in response.

He tried to relax his muscles a little, and—

Um…

Wait…

Er…

Maybe—

Vegeta realized he didn’t actually know how to do that. ‘Relaxation’ was not a technique that was ever taught on his planet, he had no idea where he was supposed to concentrate his chi in order to ‘relax’.

If he hadn’t seen Kakarot look relaxed before, he would have assumed Saiyans were just incapable of it. But, obviously, Kakarot had undergone some form of training that Vegeta had never had access to, that was the only way he could have mastered—

Kakarot finally caught up… And he did NOT appear to be relaxed at all. His knees were rubbing together, causing him to walk very slowly. His ankles occasionally hooked together, his breathing was ragged, and one hand was caught between his legs.

Vegeta frowned. He’d been right. Kakarot was exaggerating. Kakarot was trying to go easy on him, and just HAND him the win. Vegeta knew he WOULD win, but if Kakarot wasn’t even going to give him a challenge, then what did it matter?!

“Kakarot,” Vegeta scoffed upon seeing him. He turned a bit faster than he’d intended to, sloshing his bladder’s contents and prompting his thighs to clench for a second. Pressure pushed right up against his opening and he clenched his fists, swinging them agitatedly by his side. “Stop holding back.”

Goku looked at his friend, being partially flooded with relief when he noticed that Vegeta was a little shaky. He finally DID need to go somewhat badly, but still not enough for this to be a challenge. A little while longer… Maybe Goku could… Well, trying to run had certainly sped up his OWN desperation. There must have been something that would work on Vegeta, too.

The last time Goku had almost wet himself, it was thanks to Goten saying something that had made him laugh just a bit too hard. He just had to make Vegeta laugh. Now, what did Vegeta find funny?

The misfortune of others!

Goku’s bladder was making him pretty miserable right now.

“I— I’d love to stop holding back,” Goku said. “But Bulma’s gonna get mad if I mess up the floor.”

Vegeta didn’t laugh… Instead, he glared. “Bulma isn’t the only one who will be angry with you for that, Kakarot. Don’t even think about—“

“I—It was a joke,” Goku said. “I— Ahh— I really need to go, Vegeta.”

“It hasn’t even been a full hour,” Vegeta said. “There is no way you’re this bad off already. If you aren’t using your full strength, then this game of yours is both juvenile AND pointless.”

Goku WAS using his full strength… As much of it as he was able to, anyway. He knew he COULD squeeze himself tighter than he was now, but if he did that for too long then Chi-Chi would have a reason to be angry with him! “I, uh, I kinda AM trying my be—“

“Impossible. You told me your limit was six hours.”

“That’s only if I don’t drink half my weight in water in under ten minutes!”

“If I’m still fine, then YOU should only be a little uncomfortable!”

Bulma watched this unfold in confusion. Vegeta was annoyed because he was winning?! He seriously didn’t think it was at all reasonable for Goku to be desperate after guzzling four liters of water about an hour ago?

Duh. Of course he didn’t. His perception of how a bladder was SUPPOSED to work was likely warped beyond repair. When Vegeta ‘barely needed to go’ his stream lasted at least two minutes. He was convinced that going once in the morning and once at night was standard, and that it only REALLY got bad after about a day. He’d somehow trained himself to numb out his desperation until it became extreme. She was positive that whatever level of need he was currently experiencing would be blinding to anyone else, but he was so utterly USED to it that it didn’t properly faze him.

And with Goku being the only other full-blooded Saiyan still alive, of course he was expecting a more even match. In his mind, even if Goku had a naturally smaller bladder, he should still be capable of more than this.

Bulma knew with certainty that this plan wouldn’t work unless Vegeta was sure Goku had tried his best, and now hoped Goku somehow found it in himself to hold off longer than he ever had before.

An idea struck her then, some way to even the playing field.“Well, Vegeta,” she said. “You sure sound confident. If this is too easy for you, maybe you should have a bit more to drink.”

“If Kakarot’s not drinking, then I’m not,” Vegeta stated, his shivers increasing for a second, it looked like the idea of putting more liquid into himself may have been intimidating.

Goku looked at Bulma warily. He had to pee so bad, and it was getting worse with every second! He was holding himself with BOTH hands now, and his bladder kept lurching and surging downwards. Twice so far, he’d felt a panicked burst of fluid trying to seep out past his clenched hold. If he drank any more, then he really WOULD pee on the floor. He didn’t have much space left, and he knew that more water was probably still on the way, and Vegeta was barely fidgeting, and—

“You’re the one complaining about it being easy, Vegeta,” Bulma said. “Besides… Wouldn’t it be something if you beat Goku even after you’ve had more water than him?”

“I— I can handle TWICE as much water as Kakarot!” Vegeta responded, voice firm.

“Well, maybe not THAT much extra,” Bulma said. “Just a little… Wait here.” She walked off, grateful that, for as stubborn as Vegeta WAS, he was still quite easy to manipulate.

As Bulma left, Goku sat down at the table and crossed his legs together, rubbing them frantically. He did not dare let go of himself. If he didn’t still remember what he’d experienced while fused with Vegeta, he’d think that this was the worst need to pee anyone had ever experienced. It was only BECAUSE of that memory that Goku was able to keep straining and waiting. He’d managed to keep all THAT at bay, hadn’t he? True, he was sure Vegeta had done most of the work there, but still! He hadn’t wet himself then, so he could hold it now! He had to, he had literally no choice.

This was the right thing to do. If this worked, and he managed to set Vegeta free from his perpetual desperation, ensured that he never had to feel that terrible again, then it would be worth it. It would be worth all the discomfort, all the bloating, all the heart-thumping panic as he focused himself entirely on just holding it in. He could barely think, mind only able to process the simple order of ‘Don’t pee! Don’t pee! Don’t pee!’

Vegeta was sitting beside him now, his fingers tapping against the table as he shook, redness darkening his cheeks. It was weird how embarrassed Vegeta got when he was barely even squirming. Goku was doubling over and fidgeting in all directions and HE didn’t feel embarrassed at all. He just felt determined, and uncomfortable, and stretched out. His stomach hurt like it did when he ate too much, and he was having a difficult time seeing straight. Sweat kept getting into his eyes, but he couldn’t move his hands to wipe them.

The weirdest part was that the pressure wasn’t confined just to his bladder area like it always had been before. It was sort of… moving. It was spreading out.

Vegeta was trying very hard not to watch Kakarot squirm. It irritated him that the other Saiyan was going easy on him, and… And looking at Kakarot crossing his legs back and forth like that kind of… It made him think about how good it would feel to do that himself again. His toes curled in his boots, and he tapped the table a little more frantically for a second. He did NOT need to cross his legs, or— Or hold himself, or perform any of the OTHER disgraceful actions Kakarot was partaking in!

His need was just… It was as though his body was moving in fast-forward. His bladder was thrashing more strongly than it had been even just a few minutes ago, pressure was knocking violently against his flood-gates, and he sort of did WANT to cross his legs, but he didn’t NEED to. He was fine. He was not going to behave as childishly as Kakarot was, he wouldn’t allow it.

Bulma returned and set a glass down in front of Vegeta. It was filled with something that obviously WASN’T water. “What’s this?” He demanded.

“We ran out of water,” Bulma told him. “I brought you some tea.”

“How did we run out of water?! It comes out of the sink!”

“Sink’s broken.”

“Since when?!”

“Just drink the tea, Vegeta.”

“What’s in it?”

“Taste it and find out,” Bulma suggested.

Vegeta grumbled to himself as he picked up the glass. It tasted fine, he supposed.

Beside him Kakarot winced and tapped his feet harshly against the floor. “Ahhh, Vegeta? Do you HAVE to swallow so loud?!”

Vegeta paused, taking the half full glass away from his lips. “Oh, I’m sorry, Kakarot,” he said. He shook the glass as gently as he could, trying not to spill it, trying to just make it slosh. “Does this bother you?” He returned to drinking, making sure to take extra noisy gulps just to make Kakarot squirm.

He set the empty glass back down on the table. “There,” he said. “I’m sure I could handle anoth—“

“Oh, no…” Bulma grabbed the glass and turned away. “Just one is plenty. I’m pretty sure that’s all we had left.”

“Feh,” Vegeta said. “Well, it’s still more than Kakarot.” He turned back to his rival, watching him wriggle and writhe. Kakarot’s face was lighter than usual, and Vegeta started to wonder if he wasn’t actually exaggerating after all. It would be tough to fake turning pale, or the sweat rolling down his neck.

Not that it mattered, he expected Kakarot to fight this until the last possible second. He wouldn’t have this any other way.

Goku was glad Bulma hadn’t made HIM drink any tea. He didn’t think he could fit one more drop into himself without having an accident. He constantly felt like he was on the verge of leaking. He wasn’t even sure if he hadn’t already STARTED. His palms felt wet where they were clasping his groin, and he couldn’t tell if that was sweat or pee that he hadn’t been able to keep from seeping out.

He doubled forwards a bit, clutching himself as tight as he could before it started to hurt. He felt really, really weird. It was starting to feel less like he needed to go to the bathroom super badly and more like he was injured. The pain had continued to creep upwards in his body, startling him. Ordinarily, when he needed to pee, he only felt it one spot, but now the pressure was heading into his back, confusing him.

When he’d been fused with Vegeta, he’d felt a scorching pain in his back that had nearly made him delirious. This didn’t feel exactly the same, but was it going to turn INTO that? Goku never wanted to experience that again!

A second later, he felt a pulse of warmth and knew that he HAD sprung a leak. He squeezed away at himself and cut it off, but now his bladder wanted to push out the rest and it was cramping more violently than ever.

He was having a more difficult time paying attention to Vegeta. He was getting kind of dizzy, so it was hard to focus on any one thing. Goku could see his knees moving back and forth a little, nowhere near as franticly as his own were, but he was finally showing—

“Nnnh!” Vegeta released a strangled sound and his eyes blew wide open. Goku watched him in confusion, scared that he’d suddenly started experiencing that horrific back pain again. He wasn’t THAT full yet, was h—

“W—Woman!” Vegeta snapped. His hands started to flutter around, moving first back to the table, then down to his lap, before he pulled them away like he’d burned them. “What did you put in that tea?!”

“What do you mean, Vegeta?” Bulma asked.

“I’m sure you know precisely what I mean!” Vegeta yelled. He sounded absolutely FURIOUS, and Goku couldn’t figure out why. One of Vegeta’s knees started to bounce jerkily, before his legs crossed and his ankles hooked together. “Wh—What did you—“

“Just normal tea ingredients,” Bulma said. “Nettle leaves, dandelion root, parsley…” She listed off. She didn’t THINK Vegeta knew enough about Earth’s plants to be aware that all of those ingredients were diuretics. He was clearly feeling the effects, though. The look on his face a few seconds ago had been rather amusing, just this sudden expression of total, abject panic.

That should be enough to make him more even with Goku.

Hopefully she hadn’t overdone it.

“So, it wasn’t poisoned?” Vegeta demanded.

“Poisoned?! What? No! I wouldn’t do that!”

Vegeta knew SOMETHING shady must have been in that glass. He was suddenly so… He needed— He felt like he was going to burst! Just, out of nowhere there had been this huge wave of desperation and it still wasn’t subsiding! It was just getting worse, a PAINFUL desire to release his waters that refused to be ignored for anything. “H—ahh—“ He let his knees rub together. It didn’t help. He crossed his legs. It still hurt so bad! He leaned backward a little, trying to grant his bladder more room. He was going to DIE if he didn’t void soon!

His bladder spasmed with a sharp, rippling pang and he inhaled sharply, hands moving to his crotch without his command, taking hold and squeezing. ‘No, no, no! Stop that!’ He ordered himself. ‘That’s disgraceful, knock it off!’ His hands wouldn’t obey, and his bladder was actually somewhat SOOTHED finally, so he just inched himself closer to the table and hoped it worked to shield his hands from Bulma’s view.

It certainly didn’t shield them from Goku’s view, and he was SO relieved when he saw Vegeta starting to hold himself. Just a few more minutes, and he was sure it would be enough. Finally, finally… Goku really couldn’t take this any longer! The weird pangs were still moving up through his back, he was VERY wary of what they might lead to, and he’d felt himself leak three more times. “V—Vegeta? H—How much longer?”

‘Please not more than ten minutes…’ Vegeta thought, trying to blink away the sweat that was burning his eyes. “I don’t know, Kakarot,” he said, struggling to put real force into his voice around the heavy feeling in his bladder. “You tell me. I’m certainly in no hurry to wrap this up.” His bladder flared and his ankles rubbed. He was never drinking that tea again. He must have been allergic to something in it, that had to be it. He was deathly allergic, and his body was trying to purge all of it as fast as it could.

He would not lose to Kakarot, certainly not with THIS.

The only good part of his problem was that… That it meant there was a part of him that would always be stronger than Kakarot! That there was ONE thing he could always defeat him at! His bladder was strong thanks to a weakness, true. But if, through that, he could best Kakarot at something, then his problem didn’t need to ONLY be a source of shame. It could also be—

“Gah—Hah—“ Goku released a startled yelp when he… He felt it, that same scorching, awful sensation beneath his ribs that he’d only ever experienced when sharing a bladder with Vegeta. At the same time, more dribbles of pee were managing to escape his hold and soak into his clothing. He squeezed away at himself, but it was doing no good, and Vegeta— Vegeta WAS struggling now, he hadn’t been struggling for very LONG, but— Ahhhh, Goku’s back hurt so bad! How did Vegeta put up with this all the time?! Goku gingerly tried to get to his feet, bending forwards and shaking as he struggled.

Vegeta watched Kakarot fighting to stand up. His own need was still blaring away inside him, his bladder’s screams for relief getting louder with each second. He was less alarmed by the severity of his desperation than he was by the suddenness of it. It wasn’t supposed to ramp up this quickly, and he could feel it getting rapidly worse! Kakarot had gotten up, he’d gotten up for a reason, Vegeta hoped it was for THE reason, or else he might— “Q—Quitting so soon, Kakarot?” He asked. “Realized that you can’t even hope to match up to an elite like m—“

“Ahh— Y—You win, Vegeta!” Goku exclaimed, hopping back and forth between his feet. “Gah, it’s gonna come out! Bulma, where’s the nearest—“

Bulma watched Goku scrambling with some trepidation. The floor was in intense and immediate danger. “Goku, you come here all the ti—“

“I can’t remember!”

“That way…” Bulma pointed off.

Goku rushed in that direction as quickly as he could, stumbling slightly as his bladder flared and another warm jet of liquid shot out. That leak had been far longer than the previous ones, he was sure it had left a mark, and he couldn’t hold it one more minute! “O—Oh, right! I can teleport!” He said. “Bulma go stand by the door!”

“It’s just a two minute wal—“

“Hurry!”

“Okay, okay…” Bulma said, walking off.

A moment later, Vegeta watched as Kakarot put two fingers to his forehead and shut his eyes. He anticipated the other Saiyan disappearing, making Vegeta’s victory official and ensuring that he could take care of his own issue soon.

But, Kakarot stayed where he was. “Nnnnh, I can’t— It’s not WORKING!” He rushed off.

And Vegeta was alone. No one around to see him if he were to—

He turned about in his seat and finally stood up, cringing and jumping in place. He could not BELIEVE his desire to void had amplified this quickly! He felt like he’d already been holding it in for more than a day! He crossed his ankles extra tightly and continued to bounce, reaching both hands between his legs to grip himself. He squeezed his eyes closed, trying not to make any sounds of misery. What little energy he didn’t need to allocate to the task of holding it in he put towards keeping tabs on Bulma and Kakarot’s chi. He knew that, once he sensed them moving closer, he would need to straighten out completely and behave like he WASN’T extremely eager to relieve himself.

He’d… Beaten Kakarot. He’d really done it. If Kakarot was so desperate that he could no longer access his instant transmission ability, then that really HAD been the best he could do. And, naturally, it had been far from enough to best the mighty Veget—

“Hah—“ Vegeta doubled over, a flare-up of heat moving partway down his length. He— He didn’t leak, he wouldn’t— He tightened his grip on himself, legs squeezing more urgently, and slowly the feeling faded. Kakarot needed to hurry up…

***

Goku was trying to pee as fast as he could. Doubtless, Vegeta wouldn’t TRULY consider the contest finished until Goku himself was. And Vegeta was really, REALLY uncomfortable. Goku wasn’t sure what exactly had happened, but somehow his friend had managed to fill up way faster than usual. The final few minutes of the contest had been startling, he’d never seen Vegeta go from ‘slightly fidgety’ to ‘panicked desperation’ that quickly before.

Goku was also sure peeing had never felt THIS good to him before. Except, maybe for the time when he’d fused with Vegeta. He was panting and sighing, and he almost WANTED it to continue on for longer. But, he forced himself not to slow down.

He managed to get done in just over a minute, feeling immensely better. And… Sort of impressed in a way. He hadn’t realized he could hold so much. He’d never put that amount of energy towards managing his bladder before, had never focused himself entirely on that simple task. He’d gone beyond what he’d thought his limit was and made it out dr—

He looked down at himself, seeing a dark spot over his crotch. He’d leaked a ton…

Well. He’d made it out MOSTLY dry, anyway. Hopefully this resolved Vegeta’s problem, and Goku would never have to do anything like it again. But, if he DID, at least now he knew that he COULD.

When he and Bulma returned to the dining room, they found Vegeta standing ramrod straight and shivering all over. His fists were clenched, his knees were touching, and his eyes were wide. He looked so ridiculously tense that it was making Goku feel sore just watching him. “Vegeta, if you need to move arou—“

“Th—There you have it, K—Kakarot,” Vegeta gritted out. His jaw was wound so tight that it spasmed as he tried to speak. “One arena in which y—you can never d—defeat me!”

Would this work even better if Goku praised him? That DID help him pee when he was locked up… “Yeah, Vegeta,” Goku said. “You have me MORE than beat here! I don’t know how you do it!” That last part was VERY true, Goku had no clue how Vegeta endured those back pains without just trying to claw himself open to pry it out.

“I—It t—took years of training,” Vegeta said, one leg crossing over the other, seemingly without his notice. “Y—You wouldn’t be able to h—handle it.”

Goku didn’t doubt that. The years of ‘training’ Vegeta was referring to could only be countless miserable episodes of desperation that he could never resolve without a lot of hard work. “I don’t think I could,” Goku said. He was beginning to wonder if Vegeta even realized that he was allowed to go now…

“Of course y—you can’t,” Vegeta agreed. His legs uncrossed and he started to rock on his heels instead. “It t—takes a l—lot of discipline to r—reach this point.”

“I’m sure it did,” Goku said. “You must be really strong to have gone through all that.”

An odd look passed over Vegeta’s face for a second, his eyes went even wider and he inhaled sharply.

“You’re much stronger than your bladder,” Goku added, hoping he hadn’t screwed this whole thing up somehow.

“I— Y—Yes,” Vegeta said, wriggling much more obviously as his hands moved towards his crotch. “N—Now, I— Have to— T—Tend to… Things.” And with that, he hurried off. He was walking oddly, without letting his knees bend.

Goku turned to Bulma once he was sure Vegeta was far enough away. “Think that did anything for him?”

“I hope so,” Bulma said. “He was kinda reluctant to actually GO. But… I guess I should have expected him to stroke his ego a little first. If I was trapped in a burning building, he’d probably take a minute to talk about how great he is before actually saving me.”

***

Vegeta rushed through the halls, hands between his legs trying to force his opening shut. His heart thundered loudly in his ears. A moment ago, he’d leaked. He’d actually fucking leaked in front of Kakarot again— Worse, he’d leaked in front of BULMA. Neither of them seemed to have noticed it, but HE’D noticed it! He’d felt warmth spurting out of him, and he’d felt it CONTINUE for almost two entire seconds before he was able to make it stop!

Just— The second Kakarot had told him that he was—

Fuck. That was the sort of thing Kakarot always said to him when he was struggling to go. That stupid, irritating little encouragement that always worked so infuriatingly well!

Bad enough that something so patronizing and embarrassing actually WORKED on him, now it seemed like Kakarot had TRAINED him to always react to it!

Did this mean that ANY time someone praised him enough, he’d piss? Regardless of if he wanted to or not? Vegeta… REALLY liked to hear people talk about how amazing he was. It was one of his favorite things. When Bulma did it specifically, he always got so—

Well. If hearing that type of thing was going to mess with his bladder control, that was going to cause a LOT of problems. Hopefully it had only happened THIS time because of how very… insistent his need was.

That was another thing, why the Hell did he have to go this badly so soon? He knew he’d drank way more than usual, but still. The only other time he’d been hit with such a sudden wave of desperation was when he was sick! Fuck, what if the infection was back?!

He made it to his and Bulma’s bedroom and walked through it to reach the restroom. At least he’d defeated Kakarot, anyway. As he lifted the seat on the toilet, he tried to focus just on THAT. His body was being… Weird, but it had won out over Kakarot’s, and THAT was what truly mattered.

Vegeta aimed and clenched his eyes closed, holding his breath and pushing down on his muscles. As he strained, he again wondered how exactly one was meant to ‘relax’. Since he’d never managed to figure it out, he was sure the technique was very complicated and took a lot of training. It probably required at least a few months of work to really master it.

He finally started to go, dribbling at first but then he was able to build up to an actual stream a lot faster than usual. To his immense relief, it wasn’t burning him. The infection HADN’T come back, which meant he probably WAS just allergic to something in the tea. He just wouldn’t ever have it again.

Voiding after defeating Kakarot at something actually felt WAY better than voiding usually did. And since it usually felt INCREDIBLE to actually go after holding it in for ages, that was saying a lot.

He peed for several minutes, which he was actually sort of glad about. He had bladder had been full enough to justify the amount of discomfort he’d been in, unlike how his body had behaved when he’d been sick. He still couldn’t understand why he had filled to the brim so quickly, even WITH all the water, but at least he didn’t have to worry that his bladder was somehow getting smaller.

Clearly, it was way, WAY larger than Kakarot’s, and that mattered more than ANYTHING. His bladder being bigger and stronger than Kakarot’s was even more important than how often it refused to obey his commands. His problem was a miserable, horrid, humiliating thing, but it had left him with something Kakarot couldn’t beat.

So, that meant that it wasn’t JUST a weakness. Or JUST a strength. It was both. That was very confusing, but it was certainly better than ONLY being able to feel the failure any time something reminded him of it.

***

“Bulma, that was sort of mean,” Kakarot was saying as Vegeta approached the dining room.

“Hey, he kept saying you were going too easy on him,” Bulma replied. “You know how he prefers a challenge.”

“I do, but…”

“What are you talking about?” Vegeta demanded.

“Oh, uh… Hey, Vegeta,” Bulma said nervously. “Nothing…”

“Bulma, I think you should tell him,” Kakarot said, and when Bulma didn’t speak up, he added; “Vegeta, the tea you drank had… Um….” He furrowed his brow. “It was a dietetic.”

“So, it was nutritional?”

“Um, no, it was… Uh… Dia— Dialect— No, that’s not it… Um… Diur…“

Vegeta sighed. “Take your time…”

“He’s trying to say diuretic,” Bulma informed, finally. She HOPED that word wasn’t a part of Vegeta’s vocabulary.

It was, though. “What?!”

“You wanted a challenge!” Bulma defended herself. “So, I gave you one!”

Okay… Okay… That explained why his bladder had acted strangely. There wasn’t anything wrong with him. The woman had just decided to poison h—

Wait.

Vegeta smirked. “What do you think of THAT, Kakarot? I defeated you even after having more to drink AND consuming something specifically designed to increase my difficulty! Imagine how badly I would have beaten you had we been evenly matched!”

Bulma tried not to smile. She’d boosted his ego— Something she usually tried her best NOT to do— and hopefully that meant he’d start getting better.

