STP

Author: secretomoact

*014*2022-02-09 17:48

{{10 hours ago, OPencil said:

Whoa, this is amazing! I looove the length and sustained details. Thank you

}}

Thanks! I'm super glad you're enjoying this!

***

‘Oh, for God’s sake…’ Avery thought as he hobbled down the sidewalk with his thighs scrunched together. ‘I live in one of the biggest cities in the world; Why the Hell can’t I find somewhere to pee?!’ He’d thought finding a public toilet in New York would have been the easiest thing in the world, but so far today that had NOT been the case, and it really ticked him off, honestly. The reason he’d gotten into this situation was rather aggravating as well.

He’d spent all morning at the aquarium, watching the fish float and drift and swim through their tanks. It had been so relaxing and calming, and the way the fish all stayed grouped together and never left anyone out for being different or strange was comforting. But, after several hours, three large drinks, and the continuous sight and sound of water, Avery needed a toilet. Bad.

Naturally, his next stop was the men’s room at the aquarium. Where he made the unpleasant discovery that the urinals were too high up for him to use. Avery was very small, urinals were installed at a height meant for an average cisgender male, and sometimes a little taller than that. So, occasionally, that happened; Avery would be too short to reach the urinal and pee into it without making a mess. It usually wasn’t a big, huge deal.

Except, it was today because the one stall was out of order.

He’d been disappointed, because with as uncomfortable and heavy as his bladder was, he knew that meant he had to leave and find somewhere else to pee. But, he’d been there for hours already, and he could always come back another time. He couldn’t put off peeing for too much longer, though.

Near the aquarium was an amusement park, which he knew would have at least one restroom somewhere. It wasn’t a long walk, but time just had a way of slowing down when he really, really needed the toilet. As people bustled around him, he felt an itching sensation beneath his skin. He felt so vulnerable whenever he was on his own in public. And being alone in public with an aching bladder just made him feel even more vulnerable. He pulled his black hat down to partially cover his face and the features he thought looked too soft. He hoped he could use the toilet at the park without having to spend any money; He’d used up all the cash he had at the aquarium already.

As he got to the entrance of the park, he was rehearsing what he was going to say. “Can I come in without paying? I’m not gonna do any rides or anything, I just need to use the restroom and I don’t have any money.” It turned out all his rehearsing was for nothing though, the park wasn’t open this time of year.

Would it be okay to go inside anyway? Just to pee really quick? Hopefully the toilets still functioned when the park was closed, Avery didn’t really know how plumbing worked and if it got shut off when a place wasn’t open… Maybe he could just sneak in, find the restroom, pee, and leave? No one would know?

But, then he saw what looked like a security camera. He imagined himself getting caught on camera breaking into the park. The police would come. And he didn’t know if they’d believe his claim that he just wanted to use the toilet…

He could just go home, he supposed. He knew he could hold it until then. He went to the subway station. He’d allowed himself the briefest hope that there would be a restroom in it, but there wasn’t. He boarded the train, his thighs pressed together as he took a seat. It started to move and Avery tugged at his bangs as a wicked pang tore through him. Every bump in the track made his muscles sting and ache. He huffed through his nose, trying to get a handle on the situation. He bounced his legs, twisted every which way, and accidentally kicked the person next to him.

The person looked down at him and grimaced, “Watch it,” he said gruffly.

“S—Sorry!!” Avery squeaked out. ‘Fix your voice!’ he mentally screamed at himself. He cleared his throat, which painfully vibrated the walls of his soon to be overflowing bladder. His nails began to scrape against his knees in agitation. “Just… In a hurry,” he said, lowering his voice as much as he could manage when his body was under so much strain. “I didn’t mean to.”

Avery tapped his foot impatiently. He knew he’d only just gotten on the train, but time had slowed so considerably for him that he felt like he’d been stuck riding on it for hours already.

His bladder was considerably swollen, firm and round between his hips. He tried not to think about how long it would take to reach his stop. He tried not to think about how, even once he was there, he’d still have a bit more walking to do to get to his apartment. He tried not to think of the way he’d have to wait for the elevator to reach his floor. How he’d have to walk TO the restroom, how he’d have to unzip… He especially tried not to think about how terribly good peeing was gonna feel…

There was another bump then that rattled Avery and made his bladder bounce up and down against his straining muscles. A very short spurt of pee shot out and he tightened his thighs to keep the rest of the burden from following suit. “Oooooh—!” he cried out in shock at the awful momentary loss of control. He cringed at the sound. It was so high, so squeaky. How could he have allowed that to come out of his mouth!? He felt his face flame and his heart began to pound as he feared someone had heard it.

He felt his pee sloshing with every turn in the track. At a couple stops, he considered bolting from his seat and trying to see if there was a restroom at the station, but he didn’t want to risk having to wait even LONGER if it turned out there wasn’t one. The guy beside him looked at him again at one point, after Avery had accidentally let another one of those awful squeaks fall from his lips. “Are you about to throw up or something?” the guy asked.

Avery felt his blush grow deeper. He pulled his hat down so that the brim covered his eyes. “I…” he straightened his throat, trying to deepen his nervous, shaky tone. “I’m… I’m not sick. I just really need a restroom,” he admitted, looking away and crossing his ankles. He didn’t know if he could possibly feel more embarrassed. He couldn’t believe he’d just told a total stranger he was bursting for a piss. He’d just really needed to explain all those stupid noises he couldn’t stop making.

“I think there’s one at the next station,” the guy said. “But, if I were you I’d just hold it, dude. Those things haven’t been cleaned since the day they were built.”

Avery was too dismayed by the news that the restrooms were basically unusable to be happy the guy had called him ‘dude’. “That sucks…” he said quietly. He hoped his voice sounded okay. He hoped it didn’t sound weird or forced or fake or anything like that. At least now that the guy knew he had to pee, he didn’t have to try and force himself to hide his need anymore. He allowed himself to jiggle in his seat, toes tapping with needy anxiety. He sat up a little straighter, trying to give his bladder more space, only to double over a few seconds later.

When they arrived at the next station, Avery considered getting up and trying to find the toilet the guy had told him should be nearby. Even if it DID turn out to be totally disgusting, Avery thought he could put up with a few minutes of revulsion if it meant he’d get to have an empty bladder. And at least it wasn’t like he had to worry about sitting down anymore.

Before he could make a decision, the doors were already closed and the train was moving once more. Now that his bladder knew it had been denied once again, it only seemed to want to empty more! He wished for the thousandth time that he was just a little taller! If he was taller, he could have just used one of the perfectly empty urinals at the aquarium and wouldn’t be IN this mess. He wouldn’t have to deal with his awful, straining weight in his abdomen right now. He could be nice and empty and comfortable. Why hadn’t the aquarium at least had one urinal that was a little lower to the ground. Surely people brought young kids there sometimes, what were THEY supposed to do?

Avery tugged at his bangs as a wicked pang tore through him. Every bump made his muscles sting and ache. He huffed through his nose, trying to get a handle on the situation. He bounced his legs, twisted every which way, and held on for dear life until finally the train had arrived at his station.

As slowly and carefully as he could manage, he raised himself from his seat and hobbled out the doors like a shaky legged newborn lamb. ‘I’m close,’ he thought. ‘I’m so close.’ Climbing the stairs to leave the station made Avery feel like some higher power was punishing him for whatever heinous deeds he’d committed during his past life. Limping the last few blocks to his building resulted in more than a few spurts of liquid making it to his boxers. He felt warmth and dampness building between his legs and his thighs began to chafe as they rubbed against the wet patch.

He arrived at his building at last, hurried to the elevator and jabbed the button for his floor. As the elevator began to ascend, Avery jumped up and down, hopping from foot to foot like the floor he was standing on was made of fire. The doors dinged open, and he made it the last few steps to his door. He reached into his pocket for his key…

Then he checked his other pocket.

Then his back pockets.

Then the pocket of his hoodie.

He didn’t have his key.

He felt his stomach sink. He felt it sink until it was resting right on top of his bladder and adding to the already insurmountable pressure within it. Leaning against the wall and twisting his legs into a very distressed pretzel, he took out his phone and texted his uncle.

FORGOT MY KEY

LOCKED OUT

REALLY NEED TO GET INSIDE

WILL YOU BE HOME SOON?

He waited for what felt like an hour but was really only thirty seconds, before he got a reply.

GONNA BE ABOUT AN HOUR

STILL HAVE TO PICK UP A FEW GROCERIES

SORRY

I’LL ORDER YOU A PIZZA WHEN I’M BACK TO MAKE UP FOR IT

Avery groaned and wedged a hand between his thighs as he shoved his phone back into his pocket. A pizza was not going to make up for pissing his pants in the hallway. Avery could not wait another hour. He absolutely couldn’t. It was physically impossible. His bladder was so god damned full it felt like any second he was going to turn the hall into a disgusting swimming pool with ‘water’ deep enough for diving. He couldn’t hold it another hour. He tried knocking on a few of his neighbors’ doors, intending to beg them for permission to use their restroom, but no one answered.

He had to find somewhere else to go.

Hopefully that would be simple.

Reluctantly, he returned to the elevator, and as he dragged his water-logged, shaking body through the lobby, he wished once more that there were restrooms in it. He shoved open the door with his shoulder, his hands now pressed against his thighs, trying to reinforce their efforts to keep his monsoon at bay.

All of that was why Avery was now limping down the sidewalk, wondering how in the Hell he could have such a hard time finding a public toilet in New York freaking City. He’d tried two places so far, both of which asked him to buy something first. Avery, of course, had no more money with him and so had been unable to use the facilities he was starting to feel like he’d KILL for.

The leaks had kept up, steady, trickling little bursts that came every few minutes and continued to take a more and more concentrated effort to clamp off. He was going to have an accident. He was basically HAVING an accident now already, just not to the extent he needed to be. Maybe he should have just stayed in the hallway to piss himself. At least in there there hadn’t been any witnesses. But, out here on the streets people were walking everywhere and the roads were packed full of cars. So many people to gawk at him as he flooded his pants and probably at least half the city, creating a catastrophic disaster the likes of which had never been seen before.

A few times, Avery had relieved himself onto walls outside. But, all those times it had been at night and he’d tucked himself in a deep, dark crevice between two buildings. And his uncle had been there to keep watch for him. But, now it was daylight, he couldn’t find an alleyway he felt confident would leave him enough privacy, and there was no one around to act as look-out. Someone could see, and he could get into terrible trouble.

He couldn’t go outside, and he couldn’t find any place where he could go inside either. But, it wasn’t as if he could just NOT go! He was coming apart at the seams, struggling more and more with each step, unable to stop dribbling away into his clothes. He was sure there was a damp spot on him now, he was sure it would be visible. Not that anyone who passed him by could have been under any illusions in regards to his current state. He was doubled over, walking cross-legged. Anyone with eyes would be able to tell that Avery needed a restroom in the worst way.

He needed somewhere to pee. He would sell his soul for somewhere to pee! He felt tears beginning to form in the corners of his eyes. He was so embarrassed, he was so frustrated, and above all he was in so much pain he could hardly stand it. He noticed the entrance to another subway station and considered venturing down there in hope of finding a toilet. Even if it was splattered with all manner of unpleasant filth, he wouldn’t care. All he’d care about was whether or not there was something he could piss into inside of it. He hobbled down the stairs, losing squirt after squirt every time his foot dropped down onto a new step.

There was a security guard near the turnstiles, and Avery limped up to him. “E—Excuse me,” he said softly, his voice was cracking and he hated the sound of it even more than he usually did. “I—Is there a restroom down here?”

The security guard shook his head, “Sorry,” he said.

And Avery wanted to cry. He almost begged the guard to come with him and be his lookout while he made a mad dash down an alleyway and hosed the living daylights out of a wall, but he doubted a law enforcement officer would want to aid him in committing a crime.

He checked his watch. Maybe it had been an hour. Maybe his uncle would be home now and he’d just have to try and make it back to his apartment. But, when he looked, it had only been about twenty minutes.

He was going to pee his pants.

At least the only people around him right now were strangers. He didn’t know what he’d do if someone he knew was here to see him explode. He didn’t know what he’d do if Lydia were—

Lydia!

New hope flowing through his veins and reinvigorating his exhausted muscles, Avery hurried to get onto a train. He just had to hope Lydia was at her apartment now. He just had to forget how embarrassing turning up at her door and immediately demanding the toilet was going to be. He just had to hold on until he got there.

It wasn’t a long ride to Lydia’s area of the city, but Avery kept losing drops along the way. When he managed to move his hands away from his crotch for a few seconds, he saw a large wet spot in between his legs, and a few more patches of dampness going down them. It was already obvious he’d lost control of his bladder today, but he would do anything to avoid a complete soaking.

Even humiliating himself by begging Lydia for a toilet.

As he dragged himself the last little way to Lydia’s building and flung himself into the elevator, he tried not to think of ways this could go wrong. He hit the button for her floor and tried not to worry that Lydia might not be home to save him. He tried not to worry that there could be an issue with her bathroom, that the toilet could be busted or the door could be stuck. He told himself that Lydia or some member of her family HAD to be home, and that their toilet HAD to be working.

The doors slid open and Avery was right at the door to Lydia’s apartment. He barely managed to move a hand from between his coiled legs to knock on the door. ‘Please be home, please be home, please be home…’

The door opened, and there was Lydia. “Hey, Avery,” she said. “Just so you know, my Mom’s home so be quie—“

“Please, please, please let me use your bathroom, please!?” Avery blurted out.

Lydia only seemed to realize then how distressed Avery’s appearance was. He noticed her staring at the wet stains present on his pant-legs and was shocked he didn’t have the strength or energy left to feel embarrassed about them.

“Of course you ca—“ Before Lydia could finish, Avery had rushed inside, muttering breathy “Thank you!”s under his breath.

Avery heard more pee hissing into his jeans as he made himself run to the restroom. The minute his shoe hit the floor past the threshold of that blessed room, he was peeing out the stream he’d been just barely restraining all day. It was coming out weak, but was threatening to build into an uncontrollably, hissing gush at any second. ‘No, no!’ he thought desperately. ‘Hold on!’

He didn’t have time to worry about the door. He barely had time to get his zip down and stand himself in front of the toilet that he needed as badly as he needed oxygen to breathe. He aimed his prosthetic, and fumbled with shaky hands to ensure it was positioned correctly. Thank goodness it was, the new harness he had for it did a good job of keeping it exactly where he needed it. Which was wonderful for moments like this where he didn’t have a second to lose repositioning it.

His muscles seemed to forget what their purpose even was when he was finally at the toilet, finally free to let it out. Pee erupted from him like he was a geyser, spraying viciously into the water in the toilet bowl. It took a few moments for his bleary mind to comprehend that this was finally happening. He was peeing. He was finally peeing. Once he registered that he’d done it, that he’d made it and that he was actually going after all this time, relief covered him like a soft, warm blanket and his body became engulfed in tingly shivers.

He’d forgotten about the weird ‘features’ Lydia’s toilet had and jumped a little when it chimed and informed him “Hydration level high”, but just a split second later he was melting away into the relief of it all once again.

“Ahhhhh… That’s so good…” Avery sighed. He leaned forward as far as he could, a position that helped his prosthetic drain out faster. Since he really had no control over his flow right now, he needed to make sure all that liquid moved through the funnel as fast as it possibly could. He didn’t feel himself overflowing it, and that made him feel even more relaxed. He didn’t have to worry anymore. He could just pee.

And that’s what he did. He just peed and moaned and shivered for so, so long. Once his waterfall finally stopped, the toilet chimed again “123 seconds,” it stated. Wow. Over two minutes… Avery didn’t know if he’d ever peed for THAT long before in his life.

He continued standing there in a total daze. It took almost thirty seconds for him to remember himself enough to shake out his STP and zip back up. He moved to the sink to wash his hands and splash a bit of water on his face. He was utterly exhausted, he felt drained and wrung out absolutely everywhere, not just in his bladder.

He turned and saw that the door was wide open. He’d been in such a frenzy he hadn’t really thought about that important step of the peeing process. His face beet-red, he stepped out of the room. Lydia was standing down the hall. “I didn’t watch!” she blurted immediately.

Avery’s face somehow managed to get redder and he didn’t respond.

“I— Only for a second,” Lydia said. “I wanted to make sure you were okay, and then the door was open, and I only saw for a second, I didn’t watch you!”

“Sorry…” Avery said. “About… All of this.”

“Don’t apologize,” Lydia said. “You’d be surprised how hard it is to find a restroom here sometimes.”

“I definitely was surprised,” Avery agreed quietly. He looked down at his jeans, at all the wet spots visible from all the leaks he’d been unable to stop. There was a huge one at his zipper from that last second loss of control…

“Just tie your jacket around your waist when you go home,” Lydia said. “You’ll be okay.”

“Thanks,” Avery said, following her suggestion. His jacket did manage to conceal a lot of the larger damp areas. There were still a few lower down on his legs, but those could have easily come from other things. “Thank you so much,” he added. “I’d been dying to go for hours, you have no idea.”

“You’re welcome,” Lydia said. “Glad you’re feeling better.”

*015*2022-02-10 17:53

Avery had had a very long day, and it was only going to get even longer. He only had one final class left to sit through, just one more hour until school was over, but the thing was that having a full bladder could easily make one hour feel more like twenty. And, dear Lord was Avery’s bladder full right now.

Avery wasn’t desperate to pee. No. He went past ‘desperate’ a few hours ago. Now he was feeling something altogether new. He had to pee worse than he’d ever thought it was possible to have to pee. He needed to pee worse than he’d ever needed to pee in his life. He had to pee worse than anyone in history had ever needed to pee, he was sure of it.

Avery. Had. To. Pee.

He had not urinated all day. Literally, ALL day. Not a single, minuscule, little drop. He hadn’t pissed at all since around four o’clock in the morning. Ordinarily, he was annoyed when his sleep was interrupted by his bladder. But, today he was grateful that it had caused him to stumble to the toilet in the middle of the night and empty it out. Because, if it hadn’t done that, then he would definitely be sitting in a puddle right now.

His alarm hadn’t gone off this morning. When Uncle Bart came in to see if he was getting ready and found him still asleep, he’d woken him up himself. Avery rushed to get his clothes on and head out the door, forgetting to use the toilet before leaving. But, since he’d gone during the night, it wasn’t too big of an emergency. ‘I’ll just go as soon as I’m at school,’ he thought.

But, then his late start to the morning had caused him to show up at school late as well. He’d needed to go straight to his first class, no time to stop at the restroom for some relief. But, still, he didn’t have to go THAT badly. It was just a little, annoying hum in his middle. He could make it until the class was over, no problem.

When that class let out, he MEANT to go straight in the direction of the nearest restroom. But, Lydia was walking beside him, talking to him about stuff, and he ended up feeling too awkward to tell her to hang on for a minute while he went to the toilet. Before he knew it, he was sitting at his desk for his next class, his bladder still neglected and still filling up. ‘I’ll go right after this one,’ he decided.

Except, after that class ended, he STILL didn’t go. Nothing happened to stop him, he just still didn’t really NEED the toilet that much and it slipped his mind as he headed to third period. It wasn’t until he’d sat down and his jeans pressed themselves against his bladder that he remembered he still hadn’t urinated yet today. ‘Go as soon as this class is done,’ he scolded himself.

But, of course, he still didn’t have the chance. The teacher prattled on until AFTER the bell had rung, and Avery’s fourth period class was all the way on the other end of the school. Which meant he had to RUN there if he wanted to make it in time, and a toilet stop was completely out of the question.

Except, by THAT point a toilet stop was beginning to creep its way up to the top of Avery’s list of priorities. All through that fourth class, he was tapping his foot beneath his desk and occasionally glancing up at the clock. He had lunch after fourth period though, so he was positive that relief must have been right around the corner. As he sat there, he started to fantasize about it. There was a restroom pretty close to this classroom, it would only take a couple minutes to walk there. He’d push open the door, get himself in front of the first vacant urinal he saw, and let his tense muscles have a nice, well deserved break. He imagined how his stream would look and sound as it trickled out, how good it would feel to allow his bladder to deflate…

The bell rang and Avery’s bladder loosened itself in anticipation. Very eagerly, he left the classroom and headed down the hall towards the toilets. By that point, the annoying buzzing in his middle had turned into a much more insistent throb, telling him he’d better get himself in front of a urinal soon unless he wanted to really suffer. He was VERY nearly there when he was stopped by the guidance counselor, Ms. Wren.

Avery had forgotten that it was a Wednesday, the day he had to spend his lunch period talking with her. He didn’t understand WHY exactly. He never had anything to talk about and she always asked him questions that he didn’t like giving answers to. Stuff about his parents, or about the treatment facility they’d made him go to, or about other students picking on him. Avery didn’t understand why he had to TALK about those things, talking didn’t change anything. His parents weren’t going to accept him because he told the guidance counsellor how he felt. The memories of the treatment facility wouldn’t vanish just because he’d dredged them back up again to tell someone about them. And, the people who bullied him would still bully him no matter how many times he ‘shared his feelings’ about it.

He thought his sessions with the counsellor were pointless on a good day, but today when he had something else he REALLY had to go do instead, sitting through it was even worse. When she stopped him, what he wanted to do was gesture to the restroom he’d been about to go into and say “Hold on a minute, gotta go first,” but for whatever reason it was a little too hard for him to find his voice in order to do that.

“Avery,” she had said upon noticing him getting jittery. “This is a safe place, don’t feel nervous.”

‘I’m not nervous, I just really have to go to the bathroom,’ Avery thought. But, then he realized he must have been a little nervous too, because he found he couldn’t actually SAY that to her. He WANTED to. He really, really did! He wanted to say “I need to use the restroom, could I please go?” He wanted to say “I promise I’m not trying to skip out on you, I just haven’t had a chance to go all day and I really have to.” He wanted to say “Please? I promise I’ll be fast.”

But, he couldn’t say any of it. The little voice in his head that was always beating down on him was too loud. ‘I’m sure she doesn’t want to be wasting her time with you to begin with,’ the voice said. ‘Don’t waste any more of it by making her wait around while you take a piss.’ He knew these thoughts weren’t true. One of the things he HAD learned in these sessions was that he had a ‘very negative internal voice’, and that the things it told him about himself were untrue and should just be ignored. But, ignoring them was a lot easier said than done.

“Avery, is something bothering you more than usual today?” Ms. Wren asked. “You seem very distracted.”

‘Yes! I need the toilet!’ Avery thought urgently. But, what he said was “I… I guess I am kind of nervous. I just don’t know why.”

She talked to him for a bit about how that was normal, a lot of people got anxious without really knowing the reason sometimes. But, of course, Avery DID actually know the reason now. The reason was that he had to pee pretty badly and couldn’t work up the nerve to say so. Ms. Wren went on about how it made sense he felt like he was under pressure right now after all the trauma he had gone through. Avery couldn’t stop thinking about how right she was. He WAS under a lot of pressure. He was under so much pressure he could barely stand it! When she stopped and asked him another question, he almost said “I have to use the bathroom now, okay?” but the words stayed locked up inside his throat. ‘Don’t waste her time with this,’ his inner voice scolded.

The lunch period ended and so did Avery’s counseling session. At no point did he manage to tell Ms. Wren that he needed the bathroom, at no point did he get to go use it. So, when he got to his next class, he was freaking out a bit. His need had gotten bad enough that he was rocking in his seat a little every few minutes, and his eyes were completely glued to the clock. ‘I just HAVE to go after this one,’ he thought. ‘I can’t take much more of this. It’s getting real bad!’

He didn’t go after that class either. The teacher wanted to discuss something with him. Avery wasn’t even sure what it was. Everything she said to him went in one ear and out the other. It was something about how if he was worried about something, he was free to talk to her about it, but Avery couldn’t concentrate. He just kept looking at the clock, growing less and less certain that he’d have time to use the restroom before his next class.

“I can tell you’re feeling stressed,” she was saying. “And I know you’ve had a rough couple of years. I want you to know that, if I can help you in any way, you just need to tell me what’s bothering you.”

Avery kept nodding his head up and down automatically, not processing a word of it. By the time she let him go, it was too late for him to stop off at the toilet, and he wanted to cry as he walked right past a restroom without letting himself go inside. The thing he needed more than anything was right beyond that door, but he couldn’t go through it without being late. And, he COULDN’T be late. He might get in trouble. He might get detention, and they might call his uncle. Avery already felt like a big enough burden on him for taking up space inside his home, so he really, really wanted to stay out of trouble.

His next class was chemistry and he very nearly DID start crying when he realized he’d have to pour liquids and swish them together for an hour while holding back a bladder that was beginning to feel more than a bit too stretched out. He looked at the clock as he sat down. It was two in the afternoon. He hadn’t urinated in ten hours, and he was absolutely miserable with the need to do so. He was starting to honestly feel a little scared, too. He knew he couldn’t keep holding it indefinitely, sooner or later his pee was going to HAVE to come out, and the hope that he’d be in the proper place when that finally happened was quickly decreasing.

He was paired up with Lydia to mix a few chemicals together and take notes on how they interacted with one another. Shimmying his hips and bouncing his knees, he asked if she minded mixing them. “I need— I… I just can’t pour stuff right now, okay?” he said.

Lydia may not have been able to discern body language and facial expressions super easily a lot of the time, but she was beginning to get a lot better at telling when Avery needed to pee now that she’d seen him get desperate a few times. “Avery, do you need to go to the bathroom?” she asked, much too loudly for Avery’s liking.

“Shhh,” Avery hushed her. “Yes, I do,” he added in a whisper.

“Ask to go, then,” Lydia said. “We’re not starting the assignment for a few more minutes, anyway.”

Avery turned and looked at their teacher Ms. Hartley’s desk. He imagined himself rushing over and mumbling softly “May I please, please go use the restroom before we start? It’s an emergency.” And then she’d say “Of course you may,” and she’d give him a pass. Then he’d hurry down the hallway, fling open the door to the men’s room, unzip at a urinal, and finally feel all better.

But, then he imagined himself rushing over and mumbling softly “May I please, please go use the restroom before we start? It’s an emergency.” And, instead of giving him a pass, Ms. Hartley would just shake her head, tell him he should have gone during the break, and say it so loudly everyone in class heard and turned around to look. They’d stare at his twisting hips and crossing legs and know that he was BEYOND desperate to pee. They’d laugh and he’d feel so ashamed, and—

“She’ll let you go,” Lydia interrupted his panicked, racing thoughts. “I don’t know if it was like this at your old school, but here it’s, like, a policy. They HAVE to let us go because we can’t learn if we’re too busy needing to pee.”

Avery nodded. That was a nice policy. A lot better than it had been at his old school back when he lived with his parents. There, everyone got two toilet passes at the beginning of each semester, and once they’d used them up then they wouldn’t be allowed to use the restroom anymore no matter how many times they asked or how badly they had to go. Avery remembered several horrible days where he’d been squirming at his desk, debating if he should use one of his passes or save it for a later date where he may be even MORE desperate for a pee.

He was relieved that apparently nothing like that happened here. “I’m gonna ask,” he whispered.

Except, then Ms. Hartley went to the front of the class and began talking everyone through the experiment. And Avery didn’t feel so sure anymore. It was one thing to go up to her desk and whisper to her that he REALLY needed to pee. It was quite another to raise his hand and announce it to the entire class. ‘Wait until she’s done talking,’ he told himself.

Except, she just kept talking. And talking. And talking. And Avery just sat there, fidgeting and squirming and tapping his feet against the floor. He cringed every time Lydia poured a solution into a beaker, and jiggled up and down each time she mixed them together, the liquid sloshing and making the urine in his bladder do the same.

He kept staring at a few of the beakers that were remaining empty. The openings were pretty narrow, but he didn’t think he’d have too much trouble…Well, ‘using’ one of them without spilling anything. That would certainly feel pretty good. He’d get to be all nice and relieved without having to bother anybody about it. He’d pee and pee until he was good and empty and didn’t have to worry about anything anymore…

And, he’d get into a whole lot of trouble.

He shook his head, as if to clear the image of himself pissing forcefully into the beaker from his mind. He couldn’t believe he’d seriously just thought about doing that. He’d have to stand from his seat, which would surely make everyone look at him. And then his pee would hiss and spatter noisily as he let it flow. In what universe was all THAT less embarrassing than simply raising his hand and admitting that he needed to go?

Clearly, his desperation for the toilet was beginning to mess with his brain. He was so stuffed with piss that it was probably filling up his head by now. He NEEDED to let it out NOW. He HAD to ask to be excused, he could NOT take it anymore. Except, Ms. Hartley was right in the middle of explaining something. It would be rude to interrupt her now, wouldn’t it? What if she got annoyed with him? What if she thought he was childish and irresponsible for making the whole class pause what they were doing just so that he could ask for the restroom?

Better to wait until she’d stopped for a second on her own. That would cause less trouble for everyone else. He could hold it a little bit longer. He could! He knew he could! It just… It just really, really hurt right now and he didn’t WANT to keep holding it. But, not wanting to hold it was not the same thing as not being ABLE to hold it. His pee was staying right where it belonged, which was painful and was causing tears to prick in the corners of his eyes, but it WAS still staying in there, at least. He leaned back in his seat, trying to give his bladder a little more room inside his body to spread out, but there was barely any space left in there for it. It was so swollen, so full…

Ms. Hartley kept talking and talking, and Avery never felt like there was a good time to interrupt. So, he just kept sitting there, twitching his hips and tapping his feet and begging for time to speed up.

Once class was done with, he gently got to his feet. His bladder felt gigantic by then, he could almost feel it pressing firmly into his other organs. It was making it difficult to breathe. Determined not to let anything stop him this time, he started to bolt for the door. “Could someone stay back and help with putting away the beakers?” his teacher asked.

Avery hesitated. Everyone was leaving except for him and Lydia… He didn’t want to leave her and their teacher alone to do everything, but his bladder was begging him to. ‘Go!’ he screamed at himself. ‘You idiot! Do you just WANT to have an accident!?’

Lydia nudged him and pointed out the door, “Avery,” she said. “I can—“

“Thank you both,” their teacher said, and Avery knew he didn’t have it in him to leave now. So, he spent all the time he SHOULD have been using to urinate putting away beakers instead.

And all of that was why now, as he sat down at his desk for his final class of the day, Avery was absolutely positive he was going to explode before it was over. He was angry with himself for it, he’d had lots of chances to go throughout the day and had continually turned them all down for one reason or another. It was his own fault that he was so desperate now.

Lydia was seated beside him, “Ask to go,” she whispered.

Avery nodded. He had every intention to do exactly that. His bladder was BEGGING and SCREAMING at him to do exactly that. His knees bounced up and down underneath his desk, like he was pumping the pedals of a bicycle. His hands were gripping onto his chair, and he was dying to put them between his legs instead. Sweat was running off his body in sheets. He had waited WAY too long, and absolutely NOTHING good could come from continuing to wait even more.

Ms. Johnson was at her desk. All Avery had to do was get up and go tell her that he needed the restroom. Once he did that, all his troubles would be over, he’d be freed from the horrific burden trapped inside his body. He took a deep breath, bracing himself to stand—

Ms. Johnson got up and walked over to the chalkboard. She started to address the class and Avery, whom had only just started to raise himself from his seat, dropped back down again and allowed his legs to cross. Ms. Johnson kept talking and talking and talking. Avery kept hoping she’d hand them worksheets, or tell them to silently read a few chapters out of the book they were studying this semester. Something that would result in her going back to her desk so that Avery could quietly and discreetly request a toilet break. But, five minutes passed and that didn’t happen. Then ten. Then fifteen. And Avery was dying.

That had to be it. He MUST have been actually, literally dying. That was the only explanation for why it hurt THIS badly. His urethra was throbbing and burning, his abdomen was filled with a rush of pain. His entire lower half must have been made up of nothing but tense, coiled muscles and gallons of urine. His back had started to ache. It was a light, tender feeling, not nearly as intense as what was happening in his middle. He thought a fire must have been igniting inside his body, his piss was absolutely BOILING.

He felt like he was holding in every drop of liquid on the planet, all of it trying to force its way through his trembling, exhausted urethral opening. His body wanted to transform itself into a geyser, his bladder wanted him to let it relax for just a second. Just one second. Just one, little second would feel so, so wonderful. His whole body was tight and tense. So much pulsing, so much twitching, so much swelling, so much pressure. It was unbearable! He wriggled his thighs and everything still felt dry, but he wasn’t sure how much longer he’d be able to say that.

He rocked back and forth in his seat, his eyes squeezed themselves shut, he chewed on his lip, and he begged and begged for time to move faster. He begged and begged for Ms. Johnson to go to her desk so that he could ask her to be excused without everyone else hearing, and—

“Ah!” Avery gasped as he was startled by a sudden pulse of liquid. His first leak had broken free, blooming warm and sticky in his boxers.

Everyone turned to look at Avery after his outburst.

“Avery…?” Ms. Johnson asked. “Did you have something to say?”

‘Please, please, let me use the toilet, please?’ Avery wanted to shout. ‘It’s an emergency! I can’t hold it! I really, really can’t hold it!’ He forced his eyes back open and directed them towards the clock. When he saw that there was still half an hour left in class, he felt like he’d just been punched in the gut. He couldn’t wait through that. He couldn’t. He had to go so, so much… “Uh—Um…” he began, almost in a whisper. Everyone was looking at him, staring at him. What if Lydia was wrong? What if it wasn’t actually the policy to let everyone use the restroom when they asked? What if Ms. Johnson said no to him in front of everybody? He just KNEW that if that happened, he’d end up begging her! He’d be letting everyone know that he was bursting and couldn’t hold it! “May… May I…”

“Avery?”

“May I please use the toilet?” Avery asked very, very, very softly. So softly it was like he hadn’t even said it at all.

“Huh?” Ms. Johnson asked. “Speak up.”

“Never mind,” Avery said, a little louder.

Ms. Johnson stared at him for one more second, then resumed her lesson. And Avery hated himself. He’d gotten so close, SO close, to doing it; To speaking up about his needs and asking someone else to assist him, but he’d still failed at the last second. He DESERVED to be in this much pain. He DESERVED to burst. He DESERVED to have an accident right here in class in front of everybody. Maybe that would teach him to stop being such a sniveling, weak little coward that was so terrified of other human beings that he’d rather let his bladder explode than say a few simple words to someone.

Lydia was the only one looking at him now, and instead of staring in amusement or confusion like everyone else had been, the only thing present on Lydia’s face was concern. Avery hated himself even more for worrying her. This was such a stupid thing to make someone else worry about. It was HIS fault he was so desperate, he’d basically CHOSEN this, Lydia shouldn’t have cared about it at all. She SHOULD have been revolted by him, she SHOULD have thought he was disgusting, and weak, and a pathetic excuse for a person. That was the only way anyone should think of someone that didn’t even have the courage to ask for a toilet pass when they were on the verge of a full-blown accident.

Lydia leaned closer to him, “I’ll ask,” she whispered.

Avery stared, twisting in his chair. “You don’t ha—“

Lydia raised her hand up and waved it around.

“Lydia?” Ms. Johnson asked. “Did you have a questi—“

“Ms. Johnson, Avery REALLY needs to pee. Like, SUPER bad. Can he please go?”

Avery only THEN realized that his hands had tucked between his legs, because when he instinctively tried to grab onto his hat to pull it over his eyes out of embarrassment, he found he couldn’t move them. A few of his classmates looked at him and began to laugh, now seeing his coiled legs and restless fidgeting in a new light.

Ms. Johnson looked at Avery for a second, and he wasn’t sure if she was staring at his by-now blatantly obvious pee-dance, or wondering why he apparently couldn’t ask her for permission himself. “Avery, you may be excused,” she said.

Even through all the embarrassment he felt; From needing to have someone ELSE get him permission to take a toilet break, from Lydia’s poor word choice and the way she emphasized the severity of his need, from the way he couldn’t stop squirming and holding himself… Even through all that humiliation, he felt immensely relieved now that he knew he was finally free to go. It was all about to be over… Just a few more minutes and he’d be at a urinal, peeing his heart out. He could make it a few more minutes.

Avery clenched every muscle in his lower body and slowly dragged himself up and onto his feet. It wasn’t as difficult as he’d feared it would be. The knowledge that relief, beautiful, sweet, glorious relief, was so, so close to being his helped him find the willpower to stand up. ‘I can make it…’ he thought. ‘I can make it, I can make it, I can make it.’ He stumbled to the door, feeling everyone’s eyes on him, and feeling the way it made his neck heat up and his hair stand on end.

Once out in the hallway, tears were running down Avery’s face without him noticing. His brain was filled with static and white-noise and pain as he told his body to start walking in the direction of the toilets. He was starting to wonder if it was possible for his bladder to actually rip; If little tears were forming in its sensitive walls already. He felt like there must have been. He felt like his urine was clawing and scratching, trying to find a way out. Every step caused his urethra to burn with the intensity of a wildfire. Every time his foot hit the ground, he felt like he was being punched in the stomach. But, he was making it. He was moving.

The world had shrunken considerably. The only thing that seemed to exist anymore was Avery’s bladder. That, and the boiling, stinging pain that was roosting itself against his quivering, overworked urethral opening, trying its best to restrain the gallons and gallons of pee sloshing and crashing and doing everything it could to force its way out. ‘I need to go,’ his brain screamed. ‘I need to go so bad!’

His steps started to grow a little less painful, like his swollen bladder was beginning to adjust itself to being jostled around. Maybe it was getting used to being bounced. Or maybe his muscles were just pulled so ridiculously taut that they were all starting to go numb. ‘Bathroom. NOW. Please…’ Why weren’t there more restrooms in this school? There should have been one beside every classroom. There should have been one every three feet. There should have been urinals installed right in the hallways… Didn’t the people who designed the building understand that sometimes a five minute walk was just WAY too much for a person’s bladder to handle?! He rounded the final corner, his overly tensed muscles beginning to slacken, his aching, stinging urethra starting to relax. He’d be peeing in a minute. Just one more minute. Then, he’d be free.

He approached the door to the men’s room— Ohhhhh, yesss, finally!— And then his body tightened back up again painfully, one errant spurt of his burden squirting into his boxers as icy horror shot down his spine.

There was a sign on the door.

The restroom was out of order.

So desperate that he had lost all ability to think and reason, he tried the doorknob anyway. He didn’t care if the room was flooded and disgusting, or anything. He just needed to get in there and PEE before he soaked the Hell out of his jeans and totally drenched the entire hallway. But, of course, the door wouldn’t open. It was locked. “Ahhh—! No… I can’t wait, I have to pee NOW— HAVE to—!” Avery moaned, stomping his feet, his fingers digging harshly against his crotch. He didn’t realize that his latest bout of begging hadn’t stayed inside his head. It did not hit him that he’d just spoken his pleas aloud until another guy whom had been intending to use that restroom turned to stare at him.

Avery turned beet red, realizing how obvious his problem must have been. But, he couldn’t do anything to try and make it LESS obvious. His hand stayed firmly between his legs, his hips kept grinding against them, his feet kept bouncing, his knees kept knocking. His bladder kept screeching and begging for the door to just magically swing open.

The guy kept staring. “Um… You good?” he asked after a moment. Avery was so embarrassed. He was glad that he didn’t actually KNOW this guy, he couldn’t remember ever seeing him in one of his classes. He must have been in a different grade.

“Ah—!” Avery choked out, trying to remember how to speak. Trying to remember what words even WERE. But he found that his vocabulary was now extremely limited. The only words he could recall were ‘Please, please, please, I need to pee so bad! I really, really have to go right now! I can’t hold it! I need the toilet!’ His pee-hole was practically vibrating with the effort of holding back his flood and he managed to squeak “No… I’m not.”

“Are you… New here?” the guy asked. “That’s okay, I’ve only been here a month and it took me a while to find stuff too. But, there are other bathrooms, you know… Need me to show you where they are?”

Avery wasn’t new here. He was aware of the locations of all the toilets in the school. He just did NOT think he could make it to a different restroom in time. He was almost positive that he COULDN’T do it. The school had multiple floors. Each floor had one set of restrooms. To get to a different restroom, Avery would need to go either up or down a flight of stairs. He would totally EXPLODE if he tried to do that right now.

He’d been just about to lose it when he’d made it to THIS restroom, and was now running on a whole lot of borrowed time. He was going to have an accident. He just wished this other guy would vacate the hallway so that he could have a little bit of privacy to do that. He was so furious with himself. If he’d just worked up the nerve to tell someone that he needed to go at ANY point today, then he would have had PLENTY of time to find a functional restroom before he burst.

When Avery didn’t say anything, the guy just nodded at him. “I’ll show you,” he decided. “Come on.”

Avery managed to nod and forced himself to follow along after the other guy. Since he’d stood in one place outside the bathroom door for so long, his bladder was given a very rude awakening when he started walking again. The urine contained within it thrashed and pounded against the walls of its prison, protesting the fact that he was walking AWAY from the restroom. ‘You can do this,’ he told himself. ‘Left foot, right foot. Don’t pee. Left foot, right foot. Don’t pee…’

But, he DID pee. Not a lot. He was stunned, but he still hadn’t drenched himself. However, even if he was managing to hold back the hissing, gushing torrent of a stream that was begging him for permission to come out, he was completely unable to stop dribbling. Every step brought forth a drip. ‘I can’t hold it…’ he thought miserably. ‘I can’t… It’s too much. It’s impossible. I can’t do it. I can’t, I can’t, I can’t… I’m gonna pee…’

Avery couldn’t look up. He just kept staring at the shoes of the guy ahead of him, and at his own knotted, coiled legs. His feet were pointed towards each other, his knees rubbing together with each tiny, pained step. 'I'm gonna pee, I'm gonna pee, I'm gonna pee!' Avery continued to chant to himself in his mind, miserably. The situation felt utterly hopeless to him. He was going to have an accident. Any second now, his pants would be soaked, utterly saturated in the liquid he'd been fighting so hard to contain within himself. 'I can't wait, I can't wait, I can't wait!' He wasn't sure how long he'd been enduring this. It felt like he'd been holding it for days on end when they stopped at the bottom of a staircase.

He felt slightly better now that his bladder wasn't being ricocheted all around his abdomen and clobbered harshly against the walls of his body, but the relief he felt when he stopped walking for a second couldn’t last long. He still had to get up the stairs now, after all. He knew that the restroom was RIGHT at the top of the staircase. As soon as he got up to the next floor, the bathroom would literally be RIGHT there in front of him and he’d only have to hurry forward a few more steps. Then, he’d be inside the restroom, and he’d just have to turn to the left, take four more steps, and he’d be at a urinal. Under normal circumstances, all of that would only take him about two minutes to accomplish.

His current circumstances were far from being normal though. At this point ‘I have to pee really, really bad’ didn’t even do justice to how Avery felt. He felt wildly out of control, pressure assaulting every corner of his body. He no longer felt it just in his bladder anymore. There was pressure in his head, in all his limbs, in his chest… Every body part he had was screaming, demanding that Avery’s flood be sprayed forth right that very second.

“It’s right up the stairs,” the other guy said. “Come on, it’s really close.”

Avery already knew that of course. But, weirdly, hearing this guy TELL him that a bathroom was nearby was a bit reassuring. ‘It’s really close,’ Avery repeated to himself. ‘It’s really, really close. Hold it.’ His bladder squeezed in on itself, forcing a two-second long jet of urine into his boxers as if to whine ‘But I don’t WANNA hold it!’

“Come on,” the guy repeated, starting up the stairs.

Avery hesitantly followed. He put one foot onto the first step, and—

‘Holy SHIT!’

A massive, painful jolt shuddered up his leg and slammed full-force against his bladder, shaking it and shaking it and forcing another leak to drizzle out of him. “Nnnnh…” Avery cringed. He looked up to the other student, whom was already half-way up the stairs. He was suddenly hit with the terrible image of himself flooding his pants right where he stood with this guy staring at him. It terrified him, particularly because of how likely he thought it was to come true.

‘Run,’ he ordered himself. ‘Move as fast as you can.’ It was his only hope, he decided. Grinding his thighs together, he forced himself to speed up, every new step making the awful, heinous, ripping feeling in his middle intensify. Near the top of the staircase, he froze, hands pressing even tighter against himself, his bladder seizing, shivering and feeling as though it was being stretched and pulled in all directions.

Avery was dying. He had never needed ANYTHING this badly before in his entire life. He had no idea how the piss wasn’t already spraying out of him. He begged and he pleaded with God and the universe to bring an end to his suffering, to somehow teleport him in front of a urinal right the Hell now. But neither God nor the universe showed him any mercy. There was no hope, only burning painful agony and white hot, never-ending desperation.

He slowly raised his head, looked up, and was barely able to see the door to the restroom through the sheet of tears obscuring his vision. Avery took a few more seconds to understand. The only thing his brain could process was his desire, his want, his NEED to take a massive, forceful, gushing piss. Then, the realization sunk in. He was nearly there. Just a few more steps. The sudden, intense, painful surge slowly ebbed away and he dragged himself forward.

The other guy had paused at the door to wait for him, “Here we are—“ he started to say, when Avery flung the door open and rushed inside. He could feel more leaks and dribbles rolling down his legs, and hoped that he hadn’t left a mark on his pants. He knew that he probably had, but he’d deal with that in a minute. All that mattered now was he was IN a bathroom, and there was a row of urinals RIGHT there, and he just needed to take a few more steps. He just needed to unbutton his jeans. He just needed to get his zipper down. He just needed to free the head of his prosthetic. He just needed to aim. He just needed to relax. He just needed to pee. Oh, God, he just needed to PEE.

…

…

Hsssssssss….

…

…

“Ahhhh…. Yesssssss…”

He was doing it! He’d made it! His zipper was down, the flaps of his jeans were open, he was aimed, and he was peeing! He was peeing and peeing and peeing, and holy fuck did it feel good… His expression glazed over completely, his vision still blurred from his tears, becoming even foggier as a cloud of relief fell over him. Urine was pouring out of him so quickly that he needed to lean forward to help his STP drain it all out fast enough that it didn’t just overflow.

When he did that, he remembered that he wasn’t alone, and his usual anxious thoughts appeared once more. What if that guy thought he was standing weird? The logical part of his brain told him that that was a completely ridiculous thing to worry about, no one was going to scrutinize another guy’s peeing stance, but the fearful part of his brain insisted that every person on Earth seriously paid a lot of really close attention to how other people looked while they peed.

Logic finally won out when Avery saw the guy take the urinal at the other end of the row. Of course he wasn’t watching Avery go. Of course he was only concerned with taking care of his own need. Which was all that Avery SHOULD have been focusing on as well; Relieving himself after so much time spent waiting and enduring felt so, so wonderful. He should have just been enjoying it, not stressing himself out over stupid things.

So, that’s what he tried to do. He did his best to push his worries from his mind and just concentrate on how good it felt to let go of all this urine. Because, it did feel really, really good. Alarmingly however, even though he was currently in the process of voiding his bladder, he still felt a bit of that stinging pressure inside his body. Like he’d been so full that even now that he was letting it out, it still kind of felt like he was holding it; He’d definitely waited WAY too long this time, and he hoped he hadn’t hurt something.

That feeling went away after a few more seconds, at least. There was a brief moment where he felt an utterly glorious sensation of something inside him deflating, and then ALL he could feel was the release. All he could feel was the pee gushing its way out of him. No more pressure, no more stinging, no more pain… Nothing but absolutely orgasmic relief. Another pleased groan fell from his lips, “Haaaahhhh…”

Avery knew that this was weird, but he liked being able to see his pee flow down into the urinal. It felt good to watch it trickle from the tip of his cock. It felt nice to adjust his aim slightly and watch it shoot in a different direction. He knew that all of that was strange, and he’d thought that eventually the novelty would wear off once he’d been able to go standing up for a while, but it hadn’t yet. It was still fun, and it still made him feel extra good.

Especially when he’d been ready to explode like he had been this time. Not only did letting it flow after a bout of prolonged, desperate restraint put Avery into a state of bliss, but being able to watch as a huge, forceful geyser of piss erupted out of his dick and loudly splattered the porcelain urinal made him feel amazing in a way he didn’t really know how to describe.

Avery heard the other guy zip his pants back up and noted with some alarm that HE still didn’t feel close to done. That guy had started urinating AFTER him and had still finished up before Avery’s own bladder had dried out. Avery had been so desperate to do this that he shouldn’t have been shocked there had been THIS much pee locked away inside his body, but nevertheless it was still a little startling. Again, he worried that he may have hurt himself.

Finally, FINALLY his pee started to taper off. He was no longer spraying like a firehose, but more like a shower head. Then, more like a leaky faucet. And then, he was merely dribbling. He shook out his prosthetic, tucked it back into his jeans and zipped them before flushing the urinal. He took a few shaky steps backwards.

His legs felt like cold gelatin and it was almost like he was re-learning how to walk. He made it to the sinks and looked at himself in the mirror. He was bright pink, and his cheeks were still tear streaked. He splashed some water onto his face as he washed his hands and tried to even out his breathing. “Oh my God…” he mumbled to his reflection. That had been close. That had been REALLY freaking close… Just to make sure, he looked down at his pants. There was a little damp spot over his crotch, but considering how many leaks he’d felt himself have, he considered himself lucky that that was all that was visible.

A part of him felt a sense of triumph; That was, without a doubt, one of the worst piss emergencies Avery had ever suffered through in his life. And, in the end, he’d MADE IT in time. That took strength.

But, the rest of him felt ashamed. Ultimately, the main reason he’d found himself in that situation— the main reason he’d NEEDED the toilet that badly to begin with—was because once again he’d been too afraid to simply talk to someone, and voice his needs to them. He KNEW that he could have simply said “Please, excuse me for a minute, I need to use the restroom really fast” at any point today and then he would have been able to go have a pee before his agony reached such a fevered pitch. But, he hadn’t. He hadn’t been able to find his voice and just do it… And, THAT wasn’t strength at all.

Avery knew that this wasn’t good. He’d had NO reason to have so much trouble asking someone if he could please go take a quick toilet break. He’d MADE himself hold it until he was in so much pain that he was crying and had barely managed to get to a urinal without peeing in his pants, and he’d done that for no good reason.

As he made his way to the door, he realized he felt sore in his middle. Very, VERY sore, in fact. He felt like his lower stomach had been kicked about five hundred times. He opened the door and stepped out. That guy was waiting beside it. “Jeez, dude. Holy SHIT,” he said. “Are you, like, okay? Do I have to take you to the nurse?”

Avery tugged at his cap, trying to pull it down so that it shielded his face more. He was awfully embarrassed that this guy he didn’t even KNOW had stuck around to check on him. And, he was a little frightened that he’d apparently just pissed out such an immense quantity of urine that it was enough to make the guy think he needed medical attention…

DID he need medical attention? He’d certainly been in a LOT of pain, and he was STILL sore…

“N—No,” Avery stuttered softly. “I’m fine now. Just needed to go kinda bad, that’s all.”

The guy raised a brow at the word ‘kinda’, but didn’t push it. “Okay. If you’re sure,” he said, walking off.

Avery stood there a moment longer. He felt a silly bit of reluctance to walk away from the bathroom now, like a part of him was terrified his bladder would spontaneously refill itself and he’d be in the same awful spot he’d been in several minutes ago. He rubbed a shaking hand over his still aching middle as he finally started to walk back down the stairs. The staircase no longer seemed like a medieval torture device to Avery now that he wasn’t trying to drag his bladder over each step. Stairs were easy now. Everything was easy now. He could breathe as deeply as he wanted, he could walk in a straight line, he could stand upright all the way… He’d honestly forgotten how simple these things all were when he wasn’t on the verge of wetting his pants.

He hurried back to class. He knew he’d been gone a lot longer than he should have been and hoped he wasn’t in trouble for it. When he opened the door to the classroom, everyone was quietly reading and Ms. Johnson was at her desk. He expected her to call him over and ask what had taken him so long, but she didn’t.

As he walked back to his desk, he kept a hand over the crotch of his jeans, trying to hide the wet spot that would make it obvious to everyone how close a call he’d just had.

Lydia looked over as he sat down and smiled at him. She knew better than to say it, but she’d actually kinda expected him to come back to class wearing different pants following a very shameful visit to the nurse’s office. “You okay now?” she asked him in a whisper.

“Better,” Avery said, blushing.

Lydia wanted to say something else. She wanted to ask him why he’d had so much trouble asking for what he needed, why he’d needed HER to do it for him… But, she stayed quiet on the matter. She wouldn’t force him to talk to her about this, but she hoped he would…

By the time class ended, Avery had to go again. This wasn’t too big of a surprise. His bladder and holding muscles must have been completely worn out after all that. As he and Lydia headed to the exit of the school, they passed by a set of restrooms, and Avery stopped. ‘Come on, don’t make her wait for you,’ that scolding voice in Avery’s head whispered. ‘You can hold it until you get home.’

Avery thought about the things the guidance counsellor had said about his ‘negative internal voice’, and how he needed to stop listening to it. He thought about all the trouble that his negative internal voice had already caused him today… “Lydia… Um… Hold on… I’ve gotta go before we leave, okay?” He gestured to the restroom.

Lydia felt a weird sense of calm from his words, relieved that he’d been able to make himself say them. “No problem,” she said. “I’ll wait for you.”

