STP

Author: secretomoact

*019*2022-11-03 19:05

Written for the Omovember prompt "On Public Transportation".

(Kinda light on the desperation through part of this one, mainly some backstory for Avery to help set up for a chapter coming later this month.)

***

Avery had been having a nice day. He and Lydia had gone out to get some pizza, and Avery had enjoyed several delicious slices as well as a bottle of cola. He liked the restaurant Lydia had chosen, especially when he saw the toilets there were gender neutral. Even though he only sort of needed a pee at that point, he decided that it would be best to relieve himself before they left.

But, the cola still hadn’t filtered through him at that time, there was more liquid that his body was going to want to expel soon… And it just HAD to decide it was time to do that when the subway ground to a random, screeching halt in the middle of his journey home.

Avery winced hard as the jerking below his feet made his urinary sphincters flare. “What’s going on?” he asked.

Before Lydia could answer him, an announcement from overhead did it for her. The train conductor informed all of the passengers that they were delayed because… A group of chicken were walking along the rail.

What.

“Is… Is that a joke?” Avery asked.

“Probably not,” Lydia said. “This has happened a few times. Usually, animal control will come and take care of it.”

“Random chickens just wander around on the tracks often?”

“Well, not chickens,” Lydia admitted. “I think it’s mostly raccoons.”

Avery bounced his knees. “A—And how long do the delays usually last?”

“It shouldn’t be that long,” Lydia assured. “Just… However long it takes them to grab the chickens.”

Avery nodded. He hoped she was right, now that he’d NOTICED his need for a bathroom, it was getting worse a lot faster. ‘Ugh. I shouldn’t have gotten a drink with caffeine,’ he thought, swinging his feet out before pulling them back in, trying to distract his body from the pressure inside of it. ‘That stuff always goes straight through me…’

His fidgeting was doing very little to get his mind off of peeing. He didn’t have much else to focus on, his phone’s battery had died earlier in the day, and he didn’t have any other form of entertainment with him. Plus, they were underground, even looking out the window didn’t provide him with anything new to focus his brain on.

Boredom always seemed to give his body a megaphone, with nothing else to think about, any discomforts he may have felt would inevitably amplify. And, his bladder was feeling really uncomfortable right about then. He leaned forward and back as he waited.

And waited.

And waited.

Half an hour ticked by, and Avery was getting a lot more antsy. He supposed the worst part of all this was how he didn’t have any way to find out how much longer he was going to have to wait. The uncertainty was making his bladder spasm. If someone told him that the train would get moving again in twenty minutes, then he wouldn’t have a problem…

His fingers were curling tightly against the edge of his seat as his feet tapped rhythmically against the floor. He just wished he had something to look at, something to draw his attention… This would be so much easier if he could only get himself to stop THINKING about it! He sighed, exhaling a long breath that only made him more aware of how taut the skin around his bladder was growing. “How much longer?”

“I don’t know,” Lydia said. “Guess the chickens are hard to catch. But, it shouldn’t be THAT much longer. Don’t worry, you won’t have to try going to sleep down here.”

Sleeping was the least of Avery’s concerns. His bladder had gotten him pretty alert. He kept shifting his hips, grinding himself against his seat. He tried to imagine himself somewhere else, somewhere that wasn’t so boring. He pictured himself at Coney Island with Lydia… They’d gone there a couple times together, and those trips had been lots of fun. Lydia was scared of heights, so Avery had ridden the rollercoaster on his own, but they’d been side by side for the entire rest of the day.

Well. Except for the couple minutes Avery had spent in the restroom. Avery had waited a bit too long that day, he’d been having too much fun to stop and go pee. Then, when he went on the rollercoaster for the third time, his bladder punished him for ignoring it. Every tilt and change in gravity, the way too fast motion, his bladder screamed and seared at all of it, demanding relief. The instant he was off the ride, he was babbling to Lydia, “I gotta— I need to go now, okay? B—Be right back!” and running to the toilets as fast as he could for a VERY relieving pee.

Now, Avery tensed his thighs as he sat on the subway, his fantasy had done nothing to quell the surges rippling inside his bladder. He tipped his head back, staring up at the dull grey ceiling of the train car. He kicked his feet out again, hurriedly pulling them back in close. He did this a few more times. It didn’t help.

He tried to come up with a new imaginary scenario, tried to name all the places he’d rather be spending his time right now. ‘The movie theater would be fun… I like Times Square too, dunno why Lydia hates it… Oh, and the park is cool, and— Ah, the bathroom at the restaurant you were just in was nice, you should have stayed there longer, you should have known you were gonna need to go again after the caffeine!’

He shook his head back and forth, as if it were an etch-a-sketch and he could erase the thoughts he didn’t like from it. ‘Mmmf, stop thinking about that! There are way cooler places than bathrooms! Like, that skyscraper Lydia likes so much, that place is neat! Isn’t it weird how the only toilets you’re allowed to use are on one floor close to the top? It’s so big, I KNOW there are more in there, but you have to go to, like, the 86th floor or something if you need to—‘

‘STOP IT,’ Avery pleaded with himself. But, it was too late, his bladder had taken complete control over his brain, and the more he tried to shut it up, the louder it got. He crossed his legs and jiggled in his seat, balling his hands into fists uselessly. “Lydia, how much longer?” he asked again. He knew he was whining, but he was seriously losing his patience!

“Avery, I’m sorry,” Lydia said. “I don’t know why it’s taking so long this time. Are you bored?”

“Yes, but…” Avery flinched. He lowered his voice. “Um… I also have to use the restroom.”

“Didn’t you go before we left?” Lydia asked.

She hadn’t meant to do it, but calling attention to the fact that he was bursting to pee after having just used the toilet not too long ago really embarrassed him. Plus, she’d said that much too loudly. Everyone on their car probably heard it nice and clearly! “I did,” he whispered. “I just gotta go again. Bad.”

“Well…We can find you a place to go as soon as we’re out of here,” Lydia promised.

Avery’s knees knocked together as he fought not to ask, yet again, how much longer that was going to take. ‘She doesn’t know,’ he kept scolding himself. ‘Just hold it.’

His bladder argued with him that he SHOULDN’T hold it. It tried to persuade him to ask Lydia for a bottle, to stand in the corner and urinate into it, to get the relief that it wanted so much. He did his best to ignore those pleas, doing that would be utterly wrong. There was no way he could get away with it without EVERYONE in the train car knowing EXACTLY what he was doing.

So, as uncomfortable as it was, he HAD to hold it in. “Lydia?” he asked. “Could you… Um… Distract me somehow? I don’t have my phone, and… Like, ALL I can think about right now is… You know…”

So, Lydia tried her best to take Avery’s mind off of his bladder. She talked to him about sky-scrapers, and about hockey, but Avery’s one-track brain managed to bring BOTH of those back to the subject of peeing. Sky-scrapers would have TONS of toilets, so many that nobody would ever have to wait in line if they really had to go!

And, the last time he went to a hockey game with Lydia, he’d gotten a tad desperate, and the trough urinal had SERIOUSLY freaked him out. There were no partitions, and everyone was just kinda… Crowded around it with very little personal space. Avery had approached it, hand at his zipper, then he felt a flash of anxiety so intense that his chest had felt like it was going to explode even faster than his bladder was. The panic had caused a spurt to leak into his pants, but he’d also frozen in place, unable to go use the thing that would let him get relief.

He’d ducked his head and gone towards the stalls instead, jiggling in place as he waited for one to open. He was sure he couldn’t have been the only guy there who thought the trough was too freaky to use, so other people must have been using the stalls just to pee, too. Hopefully that meant his wait wouldn’t be TOO long.

A stall became available right away and Avery rushed into it. He remembered feeling a silly bit of anxiety THEN too, and for some reason leaving the door to his stall OPEN while he urinated made him feel a fresh wave of confidence in himself.

“I— I don’t know why that made me feel better,” Avery said now. “It just did.”

Lydia stared at him, “Um… You wanted me to make you think of something OTHER than peeing, right?”

“Y—Yeah…” Avery nervously tugged at his hat with one hand as the other anxiously tapped atop his jiggling knee. “I’m sorry. Like I said, I can’t STOP thinking about it!”

“Um… Okay,” Lydia tried to come up with something that Avery couldn’t POSSIBLY connect to urinating. But, if so much as mentioning a place that had a toilet was enough to do that, that would be hard. Most places in the city HAD toilets, after all. Sometimes they’d be out of order, or so grody they were unusable, but they still at least EXISTED.

Lydia HAD left the city a few times… To go to a DIFFERENT huge city where her Dad was filming something for his TV show. So, telling Avery about those trips could inadvertently remind him of peeing, too.

Avery DIDN’T always live here though, and from the way he talked about being in the city, it was a major adjustment for him. He’d grown up pretty much in the middle of nowhere, so that meant he must have gone to plenty of places that didn’t have indoor plumbing or toilets. “Uh… What was it like where you grew up?” she asked.

“Well, i—it wasn’t like here,” Avery said, bouncing his knees and rocking forward and back. “I had to get up super early just to catch the bus to school because we lived so far away from it. Imagine having to get up at 4AM every single day.”

“Ouch…”

“I was the first one getting picked up, and I’d be riding on that thing for four hours while the driver got everyone else. Once I was so groggy and tired that I forgot to—“ Avery stopped himself. “I forgot to… Do something really important before I got on the bus for the long ride. And then I was real uncomfortable until I got to school.”

“Avery…” Lydia said.

“I know, I’m trying!” Avery complained. “Maybe if I…” he brought his legs up onto the seat with him and tucked them beneath his body, rocking firmly against his feet. “O—Okay, this helps some…” He clenched his eyes shut and took some steadying breaths. The nerve-endings around his urethra continued to flare as they fought against the heavy weight pressing down on them. “S—So, yeah. Gotta get up at 4AM every day for school. Sometimes I’d try and sleep on the bus, and normally I’d be able to do that for at least a little bit, but…” He hesitated.

“What?”

“Uh… You know how Lawrence is?” Avery asked.

“Of course.”

“Well… Um… Up here, it’s like… Like, a lot of people don’t act the same way Lawrence does. I mean, SOME do, but it’s not… Well, where I come from, basically EVERYBODY acted like Lawrence. All the other kids at school, all the teachers, the guidance counsellor… My… Um… Well, anyway, when the other kids started getting on the bus, they were… Not nice to me. They called me awful things, sometimes they’d hit me and stuff… The bus driver never told them to stop. He even encouraged it. All the adults at school encouraged it… I would go to a teacher or somebody and ask for help, I’d say, like ‘Colby hit me in the jaw and now I lost my tooth.’ And I’d get ‘You need to stop drawing all this attention to yourself. If you got a boyfriend, all this teasing would stop. And, it was just a baby tooth. Suck it up.’”

“Someone knocked out your tooth?” Lydia asked, shocked. She’d had a tooth knocked out once when she was ten, but that was during a hockey game and it had been a complete accident. The person that had slammed into her too hard apologized, the coach had gotten her ice to help with the pain, and a few months later her new tooth grew in just fine.

“Yeah, that happened a few times. And not just baby ones,” Avery opened his mouth really wide. Lydia looked inside and saw that one of his bottom teeth way in the back was gone, just a gap left in its place. “I hadn’t even— I hadn’t come out or anything yet back then,” he added. “I was still pretending to be a girl, I still… Had the long hair and all that. But, everyone could just… Tell that something was ‘off’ about me. And they didn’t like it… So I didn’t like it, either. I didn’t even know what ‘it’ was, just that it must have been something bad, and that if I made ‘it’ go away, my life would be better. I’d have friends, and my parents would stop being ashamed of me.”

“Could your parents tell before you… Told them?” Lydia asked.

“Not exactly, I don’t think the people at school knew exactly what was going on, either,” Avery said. “But, my parents knew SOMETHING was different, and it made them angry. An—Another thing, back where I used to live, it was super popular to make your daughters do these beauty pageant things. They’re awful, you have to dress up in these ridiculous frilly outfits, and dance around for some judges— It’s honestly kinda creepy when you think about it. I never even really figured out exactly WHAT we were getting judged ON, but whatever it was must have been something that I was AWFUL at because I always got last place. Eventually, my parents started getting really angry every time I came in last. Apparently I didn’t ‘walk like a lady’, whatever that even means.”

“Did you ever get to do anything fun back there?”

Avery leaned back and looked at the ceiling. He winced, being reminded of his CURRENT problem when he felt his skin grow taut around his midsection. He shifted in his seat a little, now sitting on top of his OTHER foot. For some reason, that felt like an improvement. “Well, I liked to just… Wander around the farm some. My parents’ farm was really big, you could explore there for hours almost. And, I liked the cows. And the chickens. They were nice. But…”

“But…?”

“I didn’t… Realize what was happening to them until I got older,” Avery explained. “Or, maybe I did, but I just didn’t really ‘get’ it. Just, some days I’d go to see the animals and find one missing. I either thought, or just pretended to myself, that it must have run away. But, then my Dad said he was going to take me hunting. And, at first I was happy, because all the boys where I lived went hunting with their dads, so I thought ‘Oh, he figured it out without me having to say it!’ And, I figured the hunting would help me feel more like a man… And instead… I— I did shoot the gun, I did shoot… A deer. And I didn’t feel like a man. I felt like I’d just killed a defenseless animal for no reason.”

“So, that’s how you realized what was happening to the farm animals?”

“Not exactly…” Avery said. “That night, Mom made meatloaf and… Suddenly I couldn’t make myself eat it. I’d never really understood until right then that all the meat used to be something alive, and I just… Couldn’t eat it. I tried, but it got stuck in my mouth and I couldn’t swallow it. I told my parents I didn’t think I could eat animals anymore because it made me feel bad. And they were angry. They said so long as I lived under their roof, I was going to do everything the way they wanted. 

So, if they said I was eating meat, I was going to eat meat. My Dad told me ‘You’re eleven fucking years old. You don’t make decisions about your life. That’s my job.’ And he hit me. So, I tried to eat the meatloaf, and all I could see was the look in that deer’s eyes as I shot it because my Dad had told me to, because I thought doing that would somehow make me a ‘real’ man. And… I threw up. All over the table. So Dad hit me more, and he shouted about how meat was how we afforded a place to live, and I guess that’s when it finally clicked where all the animals kept disappearing to.”

“That’s really terrible,” Lydia said. “They were really controlling, huh?”

“Yeah,” Avery said. “They controlled everything.” He switched his feet around again, dug his fists down on top of his knees as he rocked. “They literally called me their ‘property’ a bunch of times when I was a kid. They acted like they were joking, but they weren’t because that’s actually how they saw me. Only places I could get away from them were at school—but then I’d just have to deal with even more people just like them— or outside on the farm— but that was less fun when I realized what was happening to the animals.”

“What about your room?” Lydia asked.

“That’s…” Avery shifted around once more, it was hard to tell if his fidgeting was down to his bladder or just because he was having a difficult time speaking about these things. Either way, he couldn’t stay still at all anymore. “Well, when I was I think around seven years old, I woke up one morning and the door was stuck. Like, the lock got twisted on its own, so I couldn’t—“

“Did you not know how to unlock it?”

“I did, but the thing was, my Dad switched the knob around on my door so that he could lock me in if I did something wrong,” Avery stated. There was something very disturbing about the way he’d said it, like he was describing the fact that grass was green, something completely normal and expected. “But… Uh, anyway, since it was first thing in the morning, and it was the weekend and I’d gotten to sleep in, I had to… Go. A lot. Like, as bad as I gotta go right now. So, I started pounding on the door and yelling for help, which got my parents furious because I’d woken them up.”

“Did they let you out?” Lydia really hoped so. She was trying so hard to distract him, but so far all she was doing was making him think of really awful, sad things.

“So, yeah, something was actually wrong with the lock, when Dad switched the knob around something came out of place and so the lock was just stuck at that point. And, he started trying to take it apart, and I asked him, you know, ‘Please hurry, I really have to use the bathroom, I can’t hold it.’ And, for some reason that got him angrier, and he yelled at me. ‘If you wanna complain, fix it yourself.’ And he just walked away. And, I couldn’t fix it, I didn’t have the tools for that, I didn’t know how… 

And I peed on the floor after a while. Cried a lot, and Dad ended up breaking the door down to yell at me to shut up and punish me for wetting the carpet. After that, he said I wasn’t responsible enough to have a door for my room, so he took it off the hinges and he never got another one. So, I never had privacy if I was in the house after that. I asked for a door lots of times, and my Dad got super mad because I’d called it ‘my room’. He explained that he owned the house, so it wasn’t my room and I didn’t deserve any privacy if I was in someone else’s house.

“But, because I asked for a door, he figured that meant I was hiding something, so he tore apart my room looking for… I don’t know, maybe drugs, I guess. He didn’t find any, of course. But, I guess he was determined to find SOMETHING he could punish me for, because when he finally accepted that I didn’t have drugs, he found my journal. I still didn’t know I was… Me yet back then. So, there was nothing in there about that, there was some stuff about how I was confused and felt bad, but that was all, it was super vague because I just didn’t know.

But, the thing was, I wasn’t supposed to have a journal AT ALL, because that would mean I was keeping secrets and being dishonest and stuff. So he was mad that it was even in the room. He read, like, the first page, which I swear was just something I’d learned about pufferfish, and he lost it. He tore the thing to complete shreds. I was finding pieces of the paper around the room for years afterwards, that’s how many tiny bits he broke it up into.”

“Do you have a new journal now?”

Avery shook his head. “Nope, I never really thought about getting another. I liked having it, but… It was dumb to leave my thoughts laying around where someone could see them.”

“I think you’d like to have another one,” Lydia said.

“Maybe,” Avery said. “I mean, if I had one right NOW I’d probably just write page after page of ‘I really need to pee’, so nothing TOO deep, right?”

“Still have to go?”

Avery shrugged, “Nah, the pee just evaporated. It was quite miraculous.” A sharp pinch at his urethral opening made him dearly wish that that was true.

Lydia frowned, “I— I’m sorry, that was silly—“

“It’s fine,” Avery said. “I think this has distracted me some. Almost. I hadn’t really thought about all the stuff they did to me growing up, I usually only think about the… The ‘big thing’ that they did to me.”

“The…” Lydia trailed off. She wasn’t sure what to call the place Avery had been sent to. It was CALLED a therapy center, but there wasn’t any therapy taking place inside it, so the name was wrong. “The place they made you go to?”

“Yeah,” Avery said. “It’s weird, some days I remember EVERYTHING about that place, like the way it smelled and how many tiles were on the ceiling in certain rooms. And, other days it’s like it’s all blocked out, just this blank, foggy space… Except, I always remember the room with the shock chair, and the tiny isolation room, too,” Avery placed his feet back onto the ground, suddenly scrunching up super tightly on himself wasn’t helping his bladder feel better anymore. “I wish that I didn’t. Like, if there was some kinda machine that could zap memories out of your brain forever, I’d pay all of my life savings to be able to use it.”

His feet tapped against the ground, he wanted to stop thinking about the isolation room, but now he could only think about IT and about needing to pee. And about all the times he’d needed to pee while inside of IT. His breathing was picking up, chest tightening and, along with it, his bladder was cramping in on itself too, making him feel all the more desperate to go.

Lydia heard his breathing starting to accelerate, and knew that was a bad sign since he was just SITTING there, squirming about. “What’s your favorite memory?” she asked. “One that you wouldn’t want to have zapped away?”

“When Uncle Brad got me,” Avery answered immediately. He hadn’t needed even one second to think it over. It was no contest. He tensed his thighs as a new wave of pressure soared up in his bladder, but his breathing was becoming more even again. “He’s never said what he did to get my parents to tell him where I was, but… He did it. And then he flew all the way across the world to come get me. When they told me someone was there to see me, I thought my parents had changed their minds or something, so I expected to see them and I was just scared. But, when I saw it was Uncle Brad, I just started to cry because it seemed too good to be real. He actually ran to me and hugged me, and it was the first time I’d had someone touch me in a way that didn’t hurt in a real long time. It was the first I’d felt like someone loved me, and I couldn’t stop crying.

“But, he was also looking me over a lot. I had bruises everywhere, and there were burn marks in a lot of places too, and I… I only weighed, like, eighty pounds by that point so I was, like, skeletal. They didn’t feed us much, and towards the end I wasn’t keeping much down anyway. Uncle Brad sort of just lost it and, you know, he’s a lawyer… So, he was just shouting at them that they either had to let him take me home or he’d ‘rain Holy Hell down on them’. He also used a bunch of legal words I didn’t really understand. I don’t know if the people at the center knew what any of it meant, either, but it got them to listen to him. He was able to take me away from there. And that was, like, the first time I’d even been outside in months, and that made me cry too.

“He asked me what I wanted to do, kept talking about finding me some food… But, like, they made me wear this hideous dress covered in ruffles and bows— The sort of thing I wouldn’t wear even if I WAS a girl— and so the first thing I wanted was to take the stupid thing OFF. He’d actually expected that, so he brought me back to his rented car and had me change into something he’d bought for me, but he was upset by how loose the clothes were on me and how much weight I’d lost, so he really wanted to get me some food. He took me to the airport to bring me home and got me lots to eat there. Airport food’s usually gross, but it tasted super good that day because I hadn’t eaten much for so long.

“I was super clingy to Brad the whole time we were going home, and the flight was super long, and… Well, since I didn’t want to leave his side even when we were on the plane, I… Ended up… Holding it.”

That was the only part of the rescue that hadn’t felt wonderful to Avery. He knew deep down that he was safe once he’d gotten on the plane, that there was no possible way someone could pop out and drag him back to Hell just because he’d walked too far away from Brad. Except, he couldn’t shake the feeling that the danger was still there. He’d spent so long being tense and scared that he didn’t know how to feel safe anymore unless someone was there to protect him.

So, when all the big sodas he’d guzzled at the airport started to hit his bladder, he held it. And the flight just went on and on. Avery still didn’t know exactly WHERE the conversion center was located, just that it wasn’t in the United States. He had no idea how far away he was from his home country, how long he’d be stuck holding in his pee.

The most annoying thing was that he could see the bathroom from his seat, he was just too scared to move and go use it. He’d crossed his legs tightly and stared out the window, but there wasn’t much to see out there.

“When I get you home, we can get your hair cut if you’d like,” Brad had offered.

Avery nodded. He WOULD like that a lot. His long hair drove him crazy, it was always in the way. For a while, he managed to distract himself by picturing how he’d look once it was fixed.

“And, I’ve been doing research. I can buy you something to help with your chest,” Brad had added. “I haven’t gotten anything yet because I didn’t know what size to pick, but I’ve got you other things. You’ll see, the spare room in my apartment is yours now. It’s a bit of a mess, but I tried to find stuff you’d like. Got you some clothes. I know you like fish, so there’s an aquarium— But there aren’t any fish in there yet, you’ll have to come with me to pick some ou—“

“Wait,” Avery interrupted. “I thought you were taking me back to my parents’ place.”

 Brad frowned. He went quiet for a second. “Bud, um… I’m sure this isn’t going to make you feel very good. I’m sorry. But, the only time you’re going to see your parents after this is in court.”

“What?”

“They…” Brad ran a hand through his hair. There was really no good way to say something like this. “When I got them to tell me where you were, when I said I was getting you out, they said… That if you are going to live your life this way, they don’t…”

“They don’t want to be a part of it,” Avery finished for him, voice dull. He’d expected that. He’d also expected that hearing it be confirmed would make him cry. But, it didn’t for some reason. He didn’t feel like crying. His parents may have been readying themselves to formally disown him, but the reality was that they’d disowned him a very long time ago. This wasn’t a big change.

“I’m sorry,” Brad told him. “I… Don’t know what happened to my brother. I’ve spent years trying to figure it out. But, I promise, I’ll do everything I can to be the parent that you deserve to have.”

Avery nodded. Uncle Brad had always been kind to him. Uncle Brad had saved him. He was already doing a better job than his birth parents had.

The flight had continued to wear on, and Avery was getting very uncomfortable. It was hard to sit still for so many long hours, particularly after chugging four large sodas. He’d grown very twitchy, shimmying against his seat and clenching his fingers tightly against the armrests as his knees bounced.

“Don’t be nervous,” Brad told him. “You’re safe now.”

Avery repeated that to himself. He was safe now, so it was okay to detach himself from his uncle for a couple minutes so he could use the toilet. But, he couldn’t make his legs move. They just buzzed with tension and anxiety and stayed glued to their places. He heard the seatbelt lights ding and hoped that meant they were landing. He was excited to see the room Uncle Brad had made for him, but he was far more excited to see the toilet in the apartment first.

The only issue was that putting the tight strap of the seatbelt across his stomach really upset his poor bladder. At least they were landing… It was almost over.

To his immense dismay, he learned a few seconds later that they WEREN’T actually landing. Instead, the plane hit a patch of turbulence, jolting up and down and side to side. The movement sent immediate waves of pain through Avery’s bladder, creating even more awful pressure inside it. His legs and abdominal muscles clenched so tightly that his thighs shook. He kept glancing ahead, looking longingly at the door to the toilet. But, now that he had to stay seated, he couldn’t get up and go there even if he suddenly felt brave enough to do it.

The turbulence stopped after about twenty minutes, and the seatbelt lights switched off. Avery was crossing his legs and bouncing up and down, hoping and praying that they would actually be landing soon. “H—How much l—longer?” Avery winced out.

“We’re a really long way from home,” Uncle Brad said. “It’s gonna be a few more hours…”

The thought of hours squeezed a fist around Avery’s bladder with fear. He couldn’t wait hours. He had to go NOW.

Brad was quiet for a second. “Bud… All that shaking made me need to use the restroom,” he said. “You should go now too, since I’m getting up.”

Avery relaxed immediately. He could stay close to Brad AND relieve himself. He nodded quickly. “Um… Y—Yeah. I have to go a lot all of the sudden. The…Um… The bumps did it.”

Avery knew Brad could tell he’d been needing to go for a long time, especially when they got to the restroom and Brad insisted that Avery should use it first. But, he didn’t care. He was about to feel so much better, and then he’d be able to focus just on how happy he was to have gotten away from that terrible place.

Avery sat on the toilet and peed for what felt like ages, feeling so much better, so much more at ease, he felt safe and loved for the first time in so long. As he’d gushed, the exhaustion of the last several months, during which he’d barely ever managed to get a full night’s sleep, finally hit him and he struggled to keep his eyes open.

Now, stuck on the subway, remembering all that, Avery fanned his legs in and out and bounced them up and down so quickly that his ankles started to go numb. None of it helped. “Wh—Why c—can’t subway trains have toilets on them, too?” he asked Lydia. “Planes have th—them!”

“Well, normally you aren’t on the subway that long,” Lydia pointed out.

Avery whimpered, shifting his hips as he tightened his hands into fists so hard that his knuckles whitened. “They should still put some on the trains, for when they get stuck like this,” he said. He needed the bathroom so much by that point that he felt like he was going to squirm out of his skin.

Lydia felt more than a little defeated. All her attempts at distraction had either dredged up awful memories for Avery, or caused him to circle back around to his all-consuming urge to urinate. She tried to think of a NEW topic, but she’d talked about all her favorite things, and learned more about Avery’s past already.

Right. She’d talked about HER favorite things. She’d talked about skyscrapers and sports. She should have been talking to Avery about things HE liked. Although, Avery’s favorite subject was fish… Would a topic so tied to water really be a good thing to focus on right now? “Um… Why do you like fish so much?” she asked.

Avery tapped his foot harshly against the ground. “Because they’re always… They st—stay together. They don’t leave each other out, or abandon one another. It’s just an ins—instinct for them to stay in large groups so they can help each other stay safe, or find food or swim better. And they wa—watch each other, too, so that their group doesn’t get separated.”

“Oh…” Lydia said. “Do you have—“

Before she could finish her next question, there was an announcement overhead. The issue with the chickens had been resolved and the train was able to start moving again.

“Ohhhh, thank God…” Avery murmured. “Finally!” But, when the train DID begin to move, Avery realized he’d celebrated a bit too soon. The sudden jolting and vibration beneath his feet was not helping him, even the knowledge that relief was getting closer and closer wasn’t particularly helpful. He didn’t want to be peeing ten minutes from now, he wanted to be peeing right this second!

He just had to hold on a little bit longer, just a tiny bit more and the awful pressure would be able to fade. The train turned slightly, and Avery’s urine followed the movement, pushing itself even harder against his urethral opening. He braced himself as the train started to slow down, as this happened Avery felt like he was being pulled forwards and he tensed himself up hard. He just couldn’t handle much more pressure on his bladder! He felt like he was going to pee himself if the vibrations didn’t end! He squirmed and tightened himself so much that he was suddenly completely out of his seat.

On his feet now, a barrage of pressure slammed into him with so much force that he grabbed himself. His muscles were twitching from the effort required to keep his pee at bay. His sphincters were weakening, so exhausted. He wanted to let them relax, if only for a second. That would feel so, so good…

No, he had to hold on. He’d held it through the entire delay, no way was he losing it now! But, it felt like his urine had a mind of its own and was actually trying to form an escape plan to get away from the horrific pressure being placed onto it. His bladder was twisting around inside his gut, trying to squeeze the urine right out of him whether he wanted it out or not.

“Nnnnnhh!!” Avery winced out involuntarily, expression twisting from the torment.

“Almost, Avery…” Lydia said. “You can do it!”

Avery froze, feeling a burning heat trail up his neck and across his face. “Oh, God… You’re pep-talking me!”

“I— I know you can make it!” Lydia carried on. “You’re really close!”

Avery was jiggling up and down, his hands digging between his thighs, and when the train finally stopped and the doors slid open, Avery’s bladder felt like it was twisting around again. He tensed each and every muscle inside his body, but could feel urine pulsing hard against his opening. ‘Hold it, hold it, you can find a toilet now!’ he kept reminding himself as he nervously and slowly hobbled for the doorway.

His legs were crossed so tightly that he could barely walk, and he knew everyone could see that his hands were pressed into his crotch, but he didn’t care. All he cared about was getting to somewhere that he could find relief.

Lydia followed after him, and as soon as he was out of the train, he was so doubled over that it was a fight not to collapse completely onto his knees. Lydia saw his shirt ride up a little, and her eyes widened when she realized there was a foreign bit of distention in his lower belly now. “Lydia,” he said. “Please tell me this station is one that has a bathroom. I don’t care how gross it is, I just… Don’t wanna climb stairs right now.”

Lydia shook her head sympathetically. “Th—There isn’t one here, but right up the stairs, as soon as you turn left, there’s a pharmacy and you’ll be able to go there.”

Avery didn’t know if he could make it up the stairs. He really, really, really didn’t. Any second now, he was sure pee was going to be pulsing to the ground below him. He was squeezing himself for all he was worth, but could still feel a few leaks trickling down his legs.

Seconds pass and, somehow, Avery managed to quell his leakage enough to start walking again. He was bent over at the waist, but he was at least able to move.

“A—And,” Lydia said. “If it’s— If you don’t make it, that will be okay.”

Avery cringed. He HAD to make it. He absolutely HAD to! But, if he didn’t, he knew Lydia wouldn’t make fun of him. Lydia would probably find him something to cover up with, too. It wouldn’t be the end of the world if—

Gah! What the Hell was he thinking!? But, it was too late, after just the mildest suggestion that relief was acceptable, his bladder twisted itself up yet again and a very long spurt of urine forced its way into his clothes with an audible hiss. “Ack— Hurry!”” Avery stammered, and his tiny, careful steps transformed into frantic, heedless running. Every harsh step sent a new thrash of need through his bladder, caused more liquid to trickle forth out of it. But, Avery couldn’t afford to move slowly anymore, he needed to get to a toilet as soon as humanly possible or he’d explode and drench himself for sure.

He made it to the stairs and came to a sudden stop, doubling over with his hands between his legs. He bounced his weight from one foot to the other, trying to force himself to take the first step.

Lydia caught up to him. “Avery, are you—“

“I— I can’t—“ Avery whimpered. All he wanted was to let go and end his torment! “The stairs…” He tried to explain. “I’m going to pee…”

Lydia glanced all around. There were lots of people, there were always lots of people… Avery looked really, really far gone, though. “Um… Uh…” she lowered her voice. “If you… Can’t make it up the stai—“

“I don’t want to pee myself,” Avery winced, a protesting jet of pee pulsing out to remind him that he’d ALREADY started to do that.

“I wasn’t— Look, it’s… If you… Pee into a trash can down here, or on a wall, you wouldn’t be the first person to do that.”

“But… What if— I don’t wanna get arrested!”

“Even IF you get caught, you don’t go to jail for that,” Lydia said. “They count it as littering. You’d get a fine, I think it’s like one hundred dollars. No jail time, I don’t even think they’d really keep a record of it, either.”

Avery nodded. He was so desperate that he thought it would be worth losing a hundred dollars if it meant he’d get to go… And besides, Brad was a lawyer, and he’d mentioned something called a ‘necessity defense’ before, where someone commits a crime due to an emergency circumstance. This probably counted, right? He was having a MAJOR emergency, after all! “Okay,” he said. “I can’t— I’ll burst if I go up the stairs.”

Lydia looked around, found a darker area and took Avery that direction. “Just… Pretend you’re looking at your phone, and be really quiet, and maybe nobody will even be able to tell what you’re doing,” she said softly. “I’ll try and block the view of you too.”

Avery’s hands were trembling as he unzipped his pants and aimed at the wall. For the first few seconds, nothing happened. The station was bustling, and he felt like he was on a stage. He felt like everyone was watching and knew exactly what he was about to do.

But, ultimately, Avery had to pee much too badly for his nervousness to lock him up for that long. Soon enough, the walls of his aching bladder were squeezing together and liquid was being pumped out of him. Avery’s ears burned, hyper-aware of the hissing and splattering noise his release made.

He couldn’t believe he was doing this. Just… Letting it out inside a busy subway station. What if there was a cop or a security guard watching? What if he got a fine? What if Lydia was wrong and he really WOULD go to jail for this? Would Brad be able to help then?

Avery was so nervous about these things that he didn’t feel much relief. He was more focused on just getting all of this pee OUT of him as fast as he could before anyone caught on to what he was doing. If he could just get himself nice and empty, he wouldn’t have to worry about anything anymore. He gritted his teeth as he pushed down, trying to pee quickly, yet not SO quickly that he overflowed the STP and just wound up wetting his pants anyway.

He remembered Lydia telling him to pretend he was just looking at his phone, but he knew the way he was standing— legs apart, head bowed, hands around his front— was a pretty clear indication that he was actually peeing— Even if nobody was close enough to see or hear the thin, clear stream still jetting out of his body. Avery felt so self conscious right now that it was almost like he was watching himself from outside of his own body.

After another few seconds, he wondered if he should just clamp it off. He’d gotten some of it out, so maybe he could make it up the stairs to a proper toilet now. But, when he tried to interrupt his stream, his bladder just gave a lurching shudder that caused him to void even more strongly. He couldn’t stop going. He was gonna be stuck here, feeling anxious, until he was fully drained.

He shut his eyes, hoping that might calm him down a bit. He could still hear the bustling of people and the screeching of the trains, but he couldn’t see the wall in front of him anymore. That helped him focus a little more on the sensations of his poor bladder slowly shrinking down as his liquid sprayed out. Wow, that felt good… He actually had to gnash his teeth a bit to keep from making any noises of relief.

It took over a minute for his stream to start winding down, and then another five seconds before he was finally finished. He shook out the STP and zipped himself up, opening his eyes and turning, dreading what he’d see. But, there were no cops, no security officers, no disgusted strangers staring at him. Just his friend still vigilantly keeping watch. “O—Okay, I’m done now,” he whispered. “Did anyone see?”  

“I don’t think so,” Lydia said.

Avery heaved a very long overdue sigh of relief, shoulders sagging. “Ahhhh… Good. Thank you so much.”
