Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*009*2023-03-01 21:07

That evening, Vegeta sat beside Bulma in bed, trying to stop thinking about what had happened to him the previous night. While he did not desire to urinate very strongly, he was determined not to accidentally fall asleep until he’d done so. If he didn’t get up in the middle of the night, then THAT would never happen again.

But, that WOULD be running from his enemy, not fighting it. Kakarot’s words from earlier, particularly the suggestion that Vegeta ‘couldn’t’ do something…

He did NOT want Bulma to watch him as he tried to void! It was a preposterous suggestion!

Kakarot HAD told him to ‘start small’. That… Generally worked with other things. When he was a child, he’d gotten strong enough to take down saibamen, then he could keep pace with other Saiyans, even the adults.

What would ‘starting small’ be for THIS problem, though? Certainly not asking Bulma to stand there and… watch… He wouldn’t even be able to get the words out!

The words…

Vegeta had NEVER actually been able to tell Bulma that he needed to relieve himself. The only person he’d gotten CLOSE to speaking those words to was Kakarot, and even then he was never blunt about it. “Kakarot, your prince requires your assistance,” was how he generally made the request.

Maybe the first step should be getting himself to say, out loud, that he wanted to urinate. He shifted, a jab of ice already poking his chest. “B—Bulma…?”

Bulma looked over, “Hm?”

“I… Need to…” Vegeta’s throat tightened, his body fighting hard against him. “I— I’m… GoingToTheRestroom,” he spat out, leaping from the bed and stalking quickly to the door.

“Okay…?”

“A—About a hundred miles away,” Vegeta added. He wasn’t going to use the bathroom HERE, where Bulma would be able to see him go in and listen as his stream… Probably failed to appear. He’d use a different one. Hopefully his heart would stop thudding so hard. Hopefully the sheen of ice that had just coated him would melt…

He rushed to the closest bathroom and, upon confirming no one was near it, he entered. He tried not to look at himself in the mirror. The red coloration to his face was absolutely unacceptable! He pulled himself out and tried to steady his breathing. He couldn’t believe he was feeling… this right now. All he’d done was tell Bulma where he was going! All he’d done was… Indicate to her that… His bladder was full… Full enough that he couldn’t hold it…

But, really he COULD hold this. It wasn’t an emergency. His back felt fine. His abdomen wasn’t flooded with pain. He could wait a while longer before it became a problem. He still really… WANTED it out now, though. As rarely as he granted this, he had to admit that Kakarot was right. Vegeta needed to fight AGAINST his problem to get it to go away, or at least to make it easier to deal with. Once he was able to relieve himself with his family close by, everything would get so much simpler. No more sneaking around every time he had to pee, no more having to HIDE it from them, no more questions from Trunks…

If he couldn’t manage to relieve himself after simply TELLING Bulma that he had to go, if the shame of THAT was too great, he’d NEVER make it to that point. Besides, since he’d NEVER notified her when he needed to urinate before, maybe she just thought that he wanted to wash his hands? She STILL asked him why he always wore gloves, kept suggesting he had a complex about cleanliness. He certainly DIDN’T, but he’d let her BELIEVE that if it meant she was now picturing him scrubbing himself instead of peeing.

Or, not peeing, rather…

He closed his eyes and pushed down, trying to start his stream. Even as he strained, he knew he was doing it wrong. This wasn’t something he was supposed to force. Kakarot had told him, he was supposed to just ‘let it happen’. Trouble was he had no idea HOW to do that. Anything else he made his body do, he usually had to concentrate really hard to MAKE it happen. When Kakarot explained how it was MEANT to work, Vegeta had gotten so frustrated. Kakarot made it sound like he was supposed to just do nothing. How could he be having so much trouble doing NOTHING?!

He’d been in here too long. No way would Bulma think he was washing his hands. She knew he needed to urinate, she knew he was having a difficult time with it. She was thinking about him standing here, not getting a drop out, unable to accomplish the most basic task. She was thinking about him feeling… What had she insisted upon calling it? ‘Anxiety’? She was pretending to herself that Vegeta was feeling ‘anxiety’, getting deeper into her DELUSION that he would allow such a sensation to exist inside of him.

Because if there was one thing Vegeta was certain of, it was that THIS— the racing heart, the shortness of breath, the runaway thoughts— It was NOT anxiety. It was just The Feeling. And if he COULD reach into his chest and pry out the cold tendrils knotting up in there, he WOULD. Then they’d be gone forever, because they had no business being anywhere near him!

That was a good idea. Maybe he could just beat those feelings out of his body! If he smacked himself in the chest hard enough, they would shatter like broken glass. He slapped his chest, making himself cough, but the buzzing ice didn’t even budge.

Dammit…

So far, he’d tried BOTH of his usual tactics. He’d yelled at his problem the day Gohan had come over, and now he’d attempted to punch his problem really hard. Neither of those had gotten rid of it. Now that he’d exhausted the full breadth of his problem-solving skills, Vegeta accepted that those obnoxious sensations were going to continue filling up his chest.

And liquid was continuing to fill up his bladder. Since he’d been IN the restroom for so long, staring directly at a toilet, his bladder must have been feeling a bit ‘teased’. It was throbbing a LOT more sharply all of the sudden. Now, he didn’t only want to urinate to prove that he COULD, he wanted to urinate for the simple sake of his own comfort. His toes twitched and he bounced once, before angrily forcing himself to go still again. ‘It won’t come out if you dance around like a fool…’

Vegeta swore he could hear footsteps outside. He wasn’t sure how close. His ears could pick up noises from pretty far away sometimes, and the hallways here echoed. He told himself that no one was going to come and listen to him piss— Particularly since he was NOT even pissing— But the freezing in his chest seemed to drop another several degrees anyway.

‘Don’t listen to it, just—‘ He reached over and flicked on the sink, letting it pour a strong stream. Ah—Ohhh, that made it worse! He couldn’t hear the footsteps anymore, but his bladder was reacting as though all the water shooting out of the tap was landing directly inside of IT. It was just like the times he’d had to accompany Trunks to the restroom and just— Just stand there, and endure, and HOLD i—

Another stream suddenly started to pour. REALLY slowly at first, but then it picked up speed and Vegeta was able to feel the pressure fade. It startled him, he hadn’t felt it coming. He hadn’t gotten that ‘pinch’ he usually did… He’d just started to go. Listening to the water had HELPED.

As he tried to enjoy the release, Vegeta also tried to tamp down some frustration. Had this been the answer the whole time? If he heard enough running water, would he just go? That was so… Simple! Sure, he wouldn’t have access to a sink everywhere, but perhaps rivers and waterfalls could accomplish the same thing. If THIS was really all he’d been needing, if the problem was finally SOLVED and GONE, then he just wished he’d considered it earlier!

He finished, feeling triumphant. He’d defeated his enemy. He’d found the correct attack to use against it, and now he would NEVER struggle again just so long as he had access to enough water. He’d never again have to entertain the thought that there was something he ‘couldn’t’ do.

Victory declared, he returned to the bedroom. Now that he was beside Bulma again, the ice was gripping him once more at the thought of TELLING her that he’d annihilated something. That… Didn’t usually happen. In fact, it never had. In the past, whenever he’d won anything, he was beyond eager to boast about it. But THIS time…

Shouldn’t the chilly tingling beneath his skin be GONE now? The problem had been vanquished, so it should have taken the stupid FEELING with it!

Bulma watched him for a second, “Were you able to—“

“Y—Yes,” Vegeta said. The frigid knots tightened, as he suddenly felt like he was confessing to something shameful, rather than celebrating a victory.

Bulma didn’t respond further, just switched off the light and went to sleep.

Vegeta dreamed of Frieza again that night. In the dream, everything seemed to be under water, his surroundings blurred and foggy. Frieza was speaking, going on and on about… Something. Vegeta couldn’t hear it, every sound was muffled. The only things that remained clear to Vegeta were his own feelings, a gnarling twist of mortification mixed with a dead certainty of his own, insurmountable weakness.

The next morning, Vegeta woke and tried to feel CONFIDENT. He’d WON, he could actually just… Pee now that he’d woken up, like most people did. If he turned the sink on, then his bladder would release, regardless of if Bulma was still nearby.

He walked briskly past her to the restroom, ignoring her glare as he cut in front of her. He locked the door carefully, turned on the sink full-blast, and prepared to go. With Bulma right there at the door.

Right.

There.

She was right there.

His lungs felt frozen solid. He struggled to breathe. He just told himself to wait for the sink to free him.

It didn’t.

A minute passed.

His bladder shuddered and spasmed from all the tempting sounds and sights, but its exit pathway remained welded completely shut.

Another minute.

More of the same. He gritted his teeth and tried not to tap his foot.

Yet another minute.

A knock on the door. “Er… Vegeta, I know you’re… Dealing with…” He heard her just barely stifle a laugh. “…Something right now, but I DO need to shower. If you’d like, I can go wait in the hall again.”

Maybe if she hadn’t come so close to laughing, maybe then he’d be able to force himself to agree… He put his clothing back together, switched the sink back off, and stomped out. “It’s yours,” he said.

“I—I’m sorry, Vegeta…” Bulma said. “I know this is… Difficult.”

“Then don’t laugh. It ISN’T funny.”

“I’m sorry,” Bulma repeated. “It’s not. If you REALLY need to go now—“

“Don’t— Don’t ‘check’ on me,” Vegeta ordered. “If it was… urgent, I’d tell you.”

“… WOULD you?”

Vegeta looked away. It had been BEYOND difficult to tell Bulma he was going to the toilet last night. He couldn’t imagine telling her that he was actually really desperate.

“Well, I’m going to shower,” Bulma said, warily heading that way.

Moments later, Vegeta could hear water running again, and it made him tense up his thighs. Why hadn’t the sink worked a second time?! Why was his problem STILL a problem?! He thought he’d KILLED it!

He’d accomplished the first step last night. He’d TOLD Bulma that he was going to pee, and then he actually managed to pee afterwards. Kakarot would probably claim that was a huge accomplishment— As if PISSING should EVER be considered an accomplishment!

When Bulma returned, she tried speaking to him again. “I’m REALLY sorry that I almost laughed,” she said. “It’s just… I think about all the other things you’ve done, and that THIS should be—“

“I am VERY aware that I should have no difficulty urinating when I’ve destroyed PLANETS before,” Vegeta interrupted. “I don’t need a reminder.”

“But, I get it, you have anxie—“

“NO.”

“You have… An enemy that controls your bladder,” Bulma amended. “It’s great that you were able to beat it last night. Try to go again now. I promise I won’t laugh.”

Vegeta grumbled to himself.

Bulma clapped her hands. “What is it you told me when you REFUSED to leave your gravity chamber for Trunks’s parent-teacher conference? I believe you yelled ‘Woman! I won’t get any better if I don’t keep training!’ So, it’s time to keep training!”

Vegeta stayed silent, then a sharp spike in pressure made him blurt out “FINE.”

Vegeta entered the restroom, but not even a full second after he’d shut the door, he’d rushed back out. His face was pale and his body quivered. Bulma saw something in him that she’d very seldom seen before; Fear.

This was actually scary to him? So scary that he was shaking and couldn’t even make himself TRY? That was so uncharacteristic of him that she worried if something had actually CHASED him out. The idea of what could possibly be terrifying enough to make Vegeta run made Bulma shudder. “Vegeta…?” Bulma asked warily. “Is something in there?”

Vegeta paused to catch his breath. As his terror seemed to fade, embarrassment took over. “N—No… I just… Don’t have to go as badly as I’d thought. If you insist on doing this, it should be saved for later.”

Bulma didn’t know if she believed that. While he looked calmer, he was still shaking, legs pressed together. He wasn’t comfortable. But, perhaps once he needed to go badly enough, it WOULD happen whether she was around or not. So, maybe they SHOULD keep waiting, she could even try to get him to drink a little bit. He’d likely refuse in an effort to stall this for as long as possible, but—

He kept looking back at the door… Out of temptation? Wariness?

“You know, you could at least TRY now,” Bulma said. “It isn’t like you to not even tr—“

Vegeta looked away. “Something… Needs to be… I’m not going in there.” The fear was back again, Bulma really wanted to sit him down and explain what ‘anxiety was and that it wasn’t a huge deal. Feeling ashamed of it was only making it worse.

“Just—“

“No, dammit— Not with— Not with what’s in there—“

Wait, so something HAD chased him out? Bulma bit her lip. What horrible monster were they up against now? And why had it appeared in her bathroom of all places?! “Wh—What is it…?”

With a trembling hand, Vegeta opened the door. Bulma looked inside with trepidation, searching for whatever it was that had horrified him so much. She didn’t see ANYTHING, though. So, could their new foe turn invisible? “Vegeta, what’s—“

“It’s right there, woman!” Vegeta barked, pointing to the sink.

Bulma stepped inside and peered down into the sink’s basin. There WAS something there, except it was…

“Well, this is the most ridiculous excuse you could have come up with,” Bulma scoffed. “You won’t try to pee because there’s a tiny WORM in the sink?! Just wash it down the drai—“

“Destroy that thing!” Vegeta ordered, gazing at the creature as if it were Frieza, back to life and with a new, significantly more deadly form.

Bulma stared at him. From the panic on his face it looked like maybe this WASN’T just an excuse, like he was ACTUALLY frightened. She bit down on a laugh, barely managing to restrain it to a quick giggle. “… Are you serious?”

“What about this is a laughing matter to you?!”

“You’ve… fought against androids and monsters, and— This— This is a WORM, Vegeta.”

Vegeta turned about, gaze still fixated on the worm, his shuddering intensifying. Yes. It was a WORM, that was the PROBLEM. The fact Bulma couldn’t SEE that was maddening! He hated worms, HATED them! All wriggly, smooth and pink, sometimes they were wet and OOZING… He couldn’t think of a more nauseating creature!

He HATED worms!

Bulma couldn’t stop laughing as Vegeta stood there, petrified of something so tiny. She supposed it was GOOD that it had scared him this badly though, otherwise he may have tried to BLAST it away and destroyed the sink in the process. Bulma turned on the sink, washing the worm back down the drain. “There you go, it will never bother you again,” she said dryly. She paused for a moment. “Well? Do you have anything to say to me now?” Vegeta NEEDED to learn how to say ‘thank you’, a reminder wouldn’t hur—

“Yes; If you tell ANYONE else about this, then I’ll END you.”

Bulma just smiled, which only made him scowl more. “Of course I won’t.”

Vegeta shifted. “N—Now, um…” He gritted his fists and straightened his throat. “Why are you still in here, woman?! I’m the prince, I deserve privacy!”

“Yes, yes, alright…” Bulma said, backing out of the room.

Vegeta shut the door roughly, only barely restraining his frustration as he pulled the lock into place. That had been… Was there a level beyond ‘embarrassment’? Because, whatever it was, THAT was how Vegeta felt now. He’d kept his… ‘dislike’ of worms a secret his whole life. Only his FATHER had known about it when, at four years old, he’d hidden behind the man’s cape and whimpered that those squiggly, pink things were all ‘Frieza tails’ and that they were sure to spontaneously grow into the tyrant’s clones.

He hadn’t meant to… ‘react’ like that in front of Bulma. He’d TRIED to handle it himself. He’d managed to stay in the room, alone with the worm, for a full second before it had begun to flick in a way that looked just a little TOO much like how Frieza’s tail moved whenever he was acting smug…

So he’d just gotten too… ANNOYED by the stupid thing and needed it gone! And since he was so very, very annoyed, he’d accidentally let himself ACT like he may have been a tiny bit scared! Of course, he HADN’T been scared, even a little, but for Bulma to just THINK that he was…

THAT was even more humiliating than letting her hear him pee!

With that thought, he stood at the toilet and tried to make some use of it. His chest didn’t feel cold. Instead, his whole body was burning bright hot. How could he have let himself act so foolishly? Now Bulma probably had some crazy delusion that Vegeta was AFRAID of something!

His mind became SO focused on the frustration he had with himself, the hatred towards that stupid worm that had PROMPTED his ridiculous behavior, that he wasn’t even THINKING about how he was SUPPOSED to be urinating.

So, when his stream started to pour out, he was a bit startled. Hurriedly, he corrected his aim so that it wouldn’t hit the water and create a loud noise. He hadn’t been desperate, and it felt actually sort of strange to be voiding when he HADN’T spent the last several hours in total agony. The relief wasn’t nearly as intense as he was used to. It still felt good to get it out, and Bulma was… In the other room… Probably able to HEAR the trickling it produced.

And he didn’t have that much in him! He wasn’t at full capacity! If he finished faster than usual, she was going to think his bladder was small, and—

But, he ALSO hadn’t liked her commenting on it when he’d been letting go of his USUAL ocean, so—

And, besides, she’d already witnessed him reacting to a WORM. That was WAY worse than ANYTHING to do with his bladder! Infinitely worse!

***

Bulma COULD hear his stream as she laid in bed. She’d been able to hear it for quite a while now. Once more, she was concerned. He’d been going for SO long again, and she hadn’t noticed him shuddering or squirming his feet around like he did when he was bursting. How much was he usually holding back? He was GOING to hurt himself if he kept that up!

Bulma granted that saiyan biology probably resulted in a larger bladder, but she’d seen Goku piss way more times than she’d ever wanted to, and even when he’d been holding himself and fidgeting, he’d be close to done after a minute.

This hadn’t been an emergency for Vegeta, he’d been urinating for close to two minutes straight, and it didn’t sound like he’d be finished very soon. Bulma didn’t WANT to think about Goku and Vegeta’s urinary habits, but when one of them seemed intent on breaking his bladder, it was troubling.

After ANOTHER full minute, she finally heard his release slowing down, coming to a gradual end a few seconds later. It was a really good thing Vegeta could fly, because if he ever got desperate while stuck in traffic, there wasn’t a bottle in existence that he wouldn’t overflow.

Vegeta exited the restroom a few minutes later and walked past her. “In case you’ve gotten any strange ideas inside your head, I am most certainly NOT afraid of worms.”

Bulma sighed. She considered arguing with him, but since he’d just accomplished something she KNEW was very difficult for him, she decided to ‘reward’ him slightly. “Of course you aren’t. Nobody would EVER think that.” Next time he pissed her off though, she knew EXACTLY what she’d stick inside one of his boots.

She didn’t know what to say to him about what he’d just done. It felt wrong to praise a grown man (particularly one like Vegeta) for using the toilet. “Were you able to—“

“Yes,” Vegeta interrupted. “You… Couldn’t hear?”

Bulma pursed her lips. In the last half hour, she’d learned three things;

Vegeta was terrified of worms.

Vegeta’s bladder was the largest on the planet.

When Vegeta peed, it was so forceful that it sounded like a bunch of waterfalls fighting each other in a death-match.

Did he not realize how much noise he was making? She was able to tell that he was TRYING to do it softly, trying NOT to spray it directly into the water, but that didn’t help much. However, he’d sounded really hopeful at the idea that she hadn’t been able to hear it… “Nope,” she said. “Not from all the way over here. That’s why I was asking.”

“The door here must be thicker than it feels,” Vegeta said.

“Oh, it’s REALLY thick,” Bulma said. She didn’t particularly WANT to continue, Vegeta’s ego didn’t NEED any more inflating. But, if it made him comfortable enough to urinate here more often, if it would keep him from damaging his bladder like she was afraid of… “You just can’t tell because of how strong you are, but when you were in there, I couldn’t hear anything! I’d need to be right next to the door to be able to listen.”

“I am always able to hear the shower running from bed…”

“Uh, well— That’s probably because of your Saiyan ears,” Bulma said. “A human like me can’t hear that well!”

After that, Vegeta thought his problem had improved somewhat. He couldn’t go in FRONT of Bulma, but he could tolerate using the restroom if she was awake in the adjacent room, so long as she wasn’t right beside the door. He could handle her knowing that he was in there. It still wasn’t always EASY to get his stream started that way, but after enough mental reminders that Bulma would be unable to hear what he was doing, it would finally work.

He hadn’t realized until then how big of an issue it really WAS to be unable to urinate near his mate. Once the nights where he’d need to sit there, tensing his pelvic muscles and anticipating the moment she fell asleep became a thing of the past, evenings with her became much more relaxing. He could actually unwind a little after a day of training, give every part of his body the break he knew it needed. Being able to really cool down every night had plenty of benefits. He actually felt himself growing stronger faster than before, since now the nights gave him actual BREAKS where he didn’t have to keep anything tensed.

He thought he’d truly won now. He’d destroyed his enemy. It was gone. Banished. That stupid twitchy feeling, and all the issues that accompanied it, were GONE. They’d finally gotten the message that Vegeta was STRONGER than them, and they’d run away scared.

That lasted for about a week. Then, he had another nearly incomprehensible Frieza-dream. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t see what was happening around him. He was just aware of Frieza’s presence, and a total loss of power.

He woke, the feelings clinging to him, eating away any sense of accomplishment he may have had.

He had a spot he could pretty much always urinate now. But that spot only existed at home. And he could still only handle having BULMA see him go in there. He could not excuse himself in front of Trunks, or allow the boy to notice him heading to the restroom. And, any time he left Capsule Corp, he either had to make a hasty excuse to go home, or begrudgingly request ‘help’ from Kakarot if he needed to void badly enough.

His enemy wasn’t defeated. Just, now he had methods to occasionally weaken it.

Not good enough.

It was supposed to be DEAD.

If he could go inside his own body somehow, explore it until he found whatever was responsible for these feelings, and then blow it up… That would fix everything! He imagined a tiny, microscopic creature that blasted ice onto his rib-cage and skittered around quickly beneath his skin, creating that distracting, unnamable emotion that made it so difficult to urinate.

He knew that WASN’T it, though. The cause of his problem was inside of him, but it wasn’t its own, separate entity. His bladder, his feelings, they were parts of him. Ultimately, he WAS fighting against himself. He tried to twist that around in his head; ‘Of course I can’t defeat ME, no one can defeat me!’

But then, there was that word again. ‘Can’t’. There weren’t supposed to be things he couldn’t do; Even winning a battle against himself.

He needed to fight harder… When he walked in on Trunks having an argument with Kakarot’s second child, Vegeta accepted that his next battle had to occur SOON.

“Calm DOWN, Goten,” Trunks groaned. “If you gotta pee, you should have done it before we started sparring!”

“I didn’t HAVE to pee then!” Goten whined. “Lemme-“

“Fine, you can use the bathroom… But, it can’t be THAT bad. My Dad’s been holding it his whole life, you know!”

“Huh?” Goten asked, suddenly going still as a perplexed look passed over his face. “Mister Vegeta’s never peed before?”

Trunks shook his head. “Nope.”

“… Is that why he’s so mad all the time?”

“Goten…” Trunks sighed. “All I mean is, if he can do that, then WE should both be able to wait way longer, too. I’ve been trying to get better at it.”

“I don’t think I wanna do that…” Goten said. “It hurts a lot already…” He ran off.

Vegeta’s body was spiking with confused flashes of hot, brutal embarrassment that were occasionally doused by the cold shudders of… the OTHER feeling.

This was the only aspect of himself that Vegeta did NOT want Trunks to ever copy. First, Trunks would feel the pride and superiority of being able to outlast those around him, then the shame every time he inevitably DID have to go, then the twitches, then the… Failure. And, with that failure, more shame than Trunks could imagine.

Trunks didn’t need to endure this. Mimicking his father was a good way for him to develop an issue of his own. Vegeta thought the easiest way to make Trunks stop would be to wait for his small body to ‘overflow’ as it were. A couple accidents would teach him not to hold it.

A couple accidents at HIS age would humiliate him. If Vegeta had ever soaked himself at EIGHT, he would have just knelt before Frieza and ASKED to be killed. Trunks may not react quite THAT drastically, but he could easily start associating urination with embarrassment, weakness and failure, and that was how ‘it’ started…

Trunks was doing this to be like his father, because he believed his father never peed. That was what Vegeta had sought to convince EVERYONE of initially, and now he was faced with a concerning prospect that could ONLY be resolved by showing someone the opposite.

*010*2023-03-04 02:28

Considering it further, Vegeta didn’t think he really HAD to make himself urinate while Trunks was around him. There were other ways to keep Trunks from mirroring his behavior. When it came down to it, Trunks was just misunderstanding what Vegeta’s habits actually were. He genuinely believed Vegeta never peed, simply because he’d never seen him do it, or heard him mention it. He was only trying to mimic that because he both wanted to impress his father with his strength, and thought it surely must have been POSSIBLE to reach a point where he could hold it indefinitely.

If Vegeta just explained to his son that he was mistaken, he could get him to give up easily.

Except, that would require him to break down his issue bit by bit, admit aloud that there existed a task he couldn’t accomplish, inform someone of one of his weaknesses. He wasn’t supposed to have weaknesses, and he definitely wasn’t supposed to let anyone know what they were.

Add onto that the fact Trunks was eight years old. Vegeta wasn’t sure if he’d even understand it. Then again, Kakarot was able to grasp the concept, he… ‘got it’ really well, as infuriating as it was to give him so much credit. Kakarot ACTED like an eight year old sometimes.

Vegeta tried to picture himself telling Trunks about his problem. He thought about sitting his son down, claiming he had something ‘important’ to discuss with him, and then launching into a diatribe about how his bladder was a disobedient traitor that refused to obey the simplest of commands.

He immediately stopped imagining that.

Recalling the questioning Trunks had given him a couple years ago, it was actually a surprise that he didn’t seem close to figuring it out for himself. Trunks had seen him… fidgeting before. And it wasn’t as though Vegeta had to move around in ‘that way’ all of the time. Trunks should have realized by now that Vegeta MUST pee occasionally, even if he never saw him do it.

Vegeta decided that he should simply wait for some sort of opportunity to present itself. The next time he was feeling… urgent, and he was alone with Trunks, he’d convince himself to tell Trunks that he had to go. He’d managed to inform Bulma, so he should be able to do the same thing again.

Although, Bulma had never been under any illusion that Vegeta simply DIDN’T pee. He’d surprised her by SPEAKING of the matter to her, but there was no reason for her to be shocked that he had to do it at all. Trunks WOULD be surprised. He’d ask questions, make comments…

Today, Vegeta was encouraging Trunks to do as many push-ups as he could inside the gravity chamber. Then, when Trunks said that he COULDN’T do anymore, Vegeta ordered him to keep TRYING. “When I was your age, I could do at least one hundred more than that!”

“I’m…” Trunks grunted. “I’m getting tired…”

“Work through it,” Vegeta said. “I want to get you to be just as strong by YOURSELF as you are when fused with Kakarot’s child.”

“C—Can’t you turn the gravity down some?” Trunks asked. “Or at least let me go Super Saiyan?”

Vegeta had actually been thinking about lowering the gravity. He’d been needing to void for quite some time, and was beginning to reach the point where his thighs were constantly clenched and it took a concentrated effort not to cross his legs. Being in a place where everything naturally felt heavier than usual made it all the more difficult to resist the urges to squirm. If he removed all the extra weight and pressure piling onto him, he knew his bladder would suddenly become MUCH more manageable.

It was tempting…

But, he didn’t actually WANT his bladder to lighten up. He was certain that, if it hurt him badly enough, he’d get past all his resistance and be capable of telling Trunks that he wanted to void. “I’m turning it up higher,” Vegeta said. “A Saiyan warrior should never complain.”

Vegeta adjusted some of the settings, increasing the gravity just slightly. Immediately, a great lurching spasm rocked through his abdomen, his midsection feeling squeezed and crushed. His knees buckled, body struggling to adjust to the massive jump in pressure within.

“S—See?” Trunks asked, straining to lift himself off the ground. “It’s h—hard for you too…”

The gravity itself was fine! Vegeta trained under higher levels by himself all the time. He could handle it. It just felt like his bladder was being viciously sucked down to his feet was all. He stumbled and tried to straighten up. “It… Takes time to adjust. You will get used to it.”

Vegeta watched as Trunks kept trying, insides churning. He generally made it a habit to always relieve himself before he came in here. He hated that it meant he sometimes had to postpone training for a little while until he was granted some privacy. But, he had long ago learned his lesson about NOT peeing first. He’d let himself get truly desperate in here only once before; When his bladder had begun to back-flow, and the burning stings had obliterated his kidneys… The additional pressure bearing down on his body dug its claws in, forcing him to feel like he was being ripped apart both inside and out.

The pain had been so grotesque in its intensity that he’d basically screamed, voice gnarled and ragged. He’d frantically turned the device off, returning him to Earth’s normal gravity, and allowing some of the heinous torment to ebb back down into something that DIDN’T feel fatal. He’d rushed out, vision blurring as he went down the hall. Bulma had stopped him, “What’s wrong? I heard you shouti—“

“Nothing,” Vegeta had interrupted, shoving past her. He’d gotten to their room, locked the door. Then, to the restroom, locking THAT door as well. He finally urinated, trying to catch his breath the whole time.

The memory of how bad that had felt— Not to mention the relief that followed— made Vegeta want to put a stop to his current predicament NOW. The solution to his problem should have been simple, just a matter of saying a few words. All he had to do was speak, then he wouldn’t have to worry about enduring anything as Hellish as that again.

He gave it a try, but what came out was; “That’s enough, Trunks. Let’s try something harder, use only ONE hand now.”

Trunks’s eyes narrowed, but he didn’t complain. Good. That was how a Saiyan SHOULD behave. Vegeta kept watching Trunks, noticing his hair beginning to glow subtly. “No turning Super Saiyan,” he instructed. “I told you, when I was your age I did more than this— All without going super.”

Trunks was quiet for a second, save for the grunts as he continued to raise and lower himself. Then, he stuck his tongue out; “That’s ‘cause you couldn’t DO it when you were my age!”

Vegeta twitched, a tiny flame appearing in his chest. “Are you mocking me?”

“Maybe.”

“So, that’s how we’re gonna do this? Get up, Trunks. Push-ups are done.”

Trunks collapsed to the floor, then slowly got to his feet.

“Next phase of your training; I want you to try to hit me,” Vegeta said.

Trunks grinned and held up his fists.

This was what typically happened. Vegeta would try to have Trunks complete a series of exercises, and Trunks would try to provoke Vegeta into sparring with him. It didn’t take much to provoke him.

Vegeta dodged several ki blasts fired by his son and started to charge one of his own. He always held back when fighting with his son, which was a weird feeling. He never shot off anything at full power, sometimes if he felt like he’d accidentally over-charged an attack, he’d even miss on purpose. This was not how Saiyan children were SUPPOSED to be trained. It wasn’t how Vegeta himself had been trained— The adults would come at him with everything they had, if he got seriously injured then it was HIS fault for not fighting hard enough.

Vegeta knew that was what he should do with Trunks, he just found it impossible. Maybe it would be easier once Trunks was fully-grown— Vegeta had had zero issue attacking Trunks’s future counterpart, after all. As it was, Vegeta constantly felt this confused pushing-and-pulling sensation inside himself. Half of him wanted to fight and give over to the full force of his own strength, and the other half was appalled by the idea of Trunks being in pain.

He blamed Earth for it. The stupid planet had obviously poisoned him somehow.

He was having more trouble than usual today. It was tough to dodge with a solid, massive weight stuffed into his center. It was even harder to concentrate when he had to spend so much energy on ignoring the signals from his bladder begging him for release. He stumbled a few times, and his legs rubbed together more than once. Trunks was having too much fun to notice any odd poses Vegeta made.

“Hahaha! I’m gonna get you!” Trunks laughed, charging up another blast.

Vegeta quickly moved out of its path, his shaky footing making him slip. When he landed on the floor, the reverberation knocked through his bladder, up his pipes, and made his back come alive with caustic heat. “G—“ He bit down hard. “Haah—“ His heart pounded rapid-fire, the heavy air around him closing in, wrapping a thick rope around his abdomen and pulling it tight. “Hnng—“

Trunks lowered his hands and began to stare. “Huh? I thought I missed… What happened?”

This was that ‘opportunity’ Vegeta had been waiting on. The perfect moment to say “I dodged it, I just need a break to relieve myself.” But then, he’d also be admitting that those horrid, squeaking moaning noises that refused to stop falling from his lips were caused by desperation. Trunks’s expression was concerned, and it made Vegeta’s neck prickle with a blush.

“Heh, guess it was so powerful that it didn’t even have to touch you!” Trunks decided, grinning. He ran forward, climbing into Vegeta’s lap.

Vegeta reacted immediately. Trunks was small, but having ANYTHING on top of him while in the gravity chamber was difficult. Worse, having something RIGHT THERE. His bladder boiled sharply, and gave such a strong throb that he worried it was about to burst right out of him. He wriggled against the floor, hands fluttering around himself uselessly. “Tr—Trunks— Not—“

Trunks moved away from him, still laughing. “Woah, did I actually hurt you without even—“

“N—No, I— Uh— Need—“ Vegeta swallowed around a lump in his throat. ‘I need to relieve myself,’ he thought. ‘Just say it.’ “Uh— You were right, the gravity is too high,” he said instead.

“Oh,” Trunks shrugged. “Well, I got used to it, you must be getting old!” He went to the controls and adjusted them.

Vegeta struggled not to sigh as his bladder reacted to the shift, suddenly going light, its walls ceasing their infernal spasming. The relief was so much like actually PEEING that he caught himself sneaking a glance downward. He wasn’t urinating, of course, he knew that was impossible.

Vegeta managed to stand up, doing so quickly before his bladder re-adjusted and began needling him as strongly as it had been before. His middle ached, and he found himself rubbing at it with equal parts curiosity and trepidation. The sore swell there buzzed angrily at his touch, and he yanked his hand away as if he’d been burned. “You have done well so far,” he said. “It… Might be a good time for a break.”

There.

That was the closest he thought he could get today to confessing his need.

“Huh? Already?” Trunks asked. He groaned, “Does Mom want us to do chores instead again?”

“N—No…” Vegeta said. “I just— Need—“ ‘Dammit, out with it!’ His back started to twinge once more, that should have been motivation enough to say what he had to do. “Need to… Get something to eat.”

“Oh, okay,” Trunks nodded. “I’m hungry too.”

Great. That meant the boy was going to follow him…

Sure enough, Trunks walked after Vegeta as he painstakingly made his way to the kitchen. He passed the door to his and Bulma’s room along the way— The door he WANTED to go through. He forced himself to ignore it, but he couldn’t ignore the acid coming to a boil in his back. It hurt so damn much… It was making him shake, half of him felt dipped in ice, the other in fire. His legs kept crossing every few steps, his posture deteriorating.

Trunks noticed it. “Does it make you stronger?” He asked.

Vegeta paused his awkward paces, letting his legs snap together and squeeze. “What we just did…? Of course it—“

“Nuh-uh,” Trunks said. “Holding it forever.”

Vegeta wished he had some way to hide his face. “What are you—“

“‘Cause, I’m trying to learn how to do that so I can be strong too,” Trunks said. “It’s just really hard and I keep having to give up.”

Vegeta crossed his legs for a second, shamed by Trunks’s watchful eyes. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“Never peeing! It DOES make you stronger, right?” Trunks said. “It MUST, or else why do you do it?”

Vegeta begrudgingly straightened himself out once more. “Tr—Trunks, this is a vulgar conversation. We are about to eat, stop this.”

“Is there some day where you’re planning to go? Like, you finally beat Goten’s dad, so you decide you’re strong enough, and—“

“Trunks!” Vegeta snapped. “Enough.”

“‘Cause I just wanna know how long I should try to—“

“You shouldn’t,” Vegeta interrupted. “You should NOT try to force your body to… Retain. Unless you just… Haven’t a choice.”

Trunks was quiet for a second, then started up again. “But, YOU… ‘retain’ when you don’t have to all the time! You’ve been holding it foreve—“

“If you have ever noticed me… Experiencing ‘distress’ of that sort, it was because I didn’t have a choice.”

“But, you can go NOW, and you won’t.”

Vegeta started to pace, hands balled into fists so that he didn’t accidentally grab himself. Trunks could tell he was bursting at the seams, so the words ‘Yes, I’ll be back in a moment,’ should have been easy. His need wasn’t some big secret, Trunks already knew! Yet, he remained stuck where he was, chest turning glacial.

“Trunks, I have a…” Vegeta’s jaw tensed, teeth grinding. He wasn’t sure if his emotions or his desperation was more responsible for his inability to speak. “That is to say, I struggle with— I often—… There are wrong ways to train your body,” he settled on, finally. “You can teach it to do something that you didn’t actually want, and then it’s difficult to get it to change.”

“I don’t get it…” Trunks admitted.

Vegeta swayed back and forth. The bedroom door was taunting him. He did NOT want to give Trunks any more details about his problem! He did not want to have to spell it all out! He did not want to… to endure the pangs in his back any longer!

“I—I’ll explain it in— In a few minutes!” Vegeta said, forcing his twitching legs to move forwards, and his sweating hands to open the door. He locked himself into the bedroom, already feeling more secure. Trunks could probably still get in here, the flimsy lock wasn’t enough to stop him. He didn’t think Trunks would break it, though. He went to the restroom and shut the door. He was shaking so much, could feel everything in his body spiking and falling at random intervals. He twitchily reached for the lock, turning it as gently as he could, feeling relieved when he didn’t accidentally pull it too far. They needed to get a stronger lock, Vegeta was sick of the nerves he experienced every time he had to touch this one. He didn’t care how many times he broke any of the OTHER locks, but THIS one was too valuable.

He stood at the toilet and told himself to go. Please, please just go… His bladder throbbed and cramped, but nothing came out. His mind was abuzz, trying to work out what Trunks must have been thinking. He was sure Trunks knew what he was doing, and since this was his first ever indication that his father actually peed sometimes, he was likely surprised. He was thinking about it a LOT.

‘But, that’s GOOD,’ Vegeta thought. ‘You don’t WANT him to believe you never void.’ He wanted Trunks to KNOW that he did, to stop copying him, to NEVER copy him when it came to THIS. Vegeta had that same feeling again, the horror at the thought of Trunks getting really hurt because of him. If Trunks broke his own bladder the way Vegeta had done to his, if Trunks had to experience the excruciating, caustic torment still flaring in Vegeta’s back…

There were so few people Vegeta allowed into his world, it was his responsibility to protect them from anything.

At last, he began to pee. Just the tiny, stabbing dribbles at first. It burned a trail down his length and everything in him begged him to STOP. Instead, he forced himself to lean into that pain, the only way he knew to finally coax out his stream. It picked up speed, the stinging being replaced by a gradual easing of pressure. His bladder continued to spasm, the fullness still agitating its sensitive walls even as he was finally letting it out.

It took over a minute before it REALLY started to feel good, and his poor holding muscles began to go truly slack. He was a bit disturbed by how amazing this felt sometimes. Satiating such a humiliating need shouldn’t have been this gratifying. It shouldn’t have granted him a full-body experience of pure pleasure. It disgusted him that, sometimes, the only thing he could even compare this great amount of satisfaction to was how he felt when he climaxed.

He hated how much willpower it took for him not to moan.

At last, he finished up a few minutes later. His bladder felt light, but sore. It knew that its reprieve would not last forever. Eventually, it would be stretched within an inch of its life yet again. Desperate over-flow was its natural state.

He left the restroom and went back to the hall where Trunks was waiting. Trunks started speaking immediately, “Were you peeing that whole time? How’d you do that? Is it ‘cause you haven’t done it in years? Did I make you have to quit by talking about it too mu—“

“Trunks,” Vegeta interrupted. “I was… Attempting to explain something earlier. Remember? I said you can train your body improperly.”

“Yeah, I don’t know what that means.”

Vegeta sighed. Of course, he was going to have to explain it a little better than that. “Okay, what I’m about to tell you… It is not to come up in conversation EVER. You are not to say one word about it to anyone, and that includes Kakarot’s child.”

“But, I tell Goten everyth—“

“You won’t tell him this,” Vegeta said, pausing. “And… Do your best not to THINK about it when the two of you are fused.”

“Okay…” Trunks sighed. “What’s the big secret?”

“I… Have… A bit of trouble with… relieving myself around others.”

Trunks stared. “Um… Is that it?”

“What?!”

“Why didn’t you just say that before?” Trunks asked. “I seriously thought you were holding it forever because you’re super strong.”

“I— It’s— It’s disgraceful,” Vegeta said. “That’s why you aren’t to tell anyo—“

“Yeah, I won’t tell anybody,” Trunks said. “But, is that really all?”

Vegeta crossed his arms. He’d been certain Trunks was going to be ashamed of him. Say, ‘But, you always told me you can do anything!’ Ask, ‘Why would THAT be hard to do?’ Mention how ‘Goten’s dad could pee on-stage at the World Tournament if he wanted!’ Instead, Trunks didn’t care at all, and Vegeta was angry at himself for agonizing over it in the first place.

“Yes, that’s all,” Vegeta said. “But, it… It began when I…” He trailed off. He’d been about to say that it started when he thought that holding his bladder for long periods of time would prove his superiority, but THAT had started when he began to feel that urinating made him appear weak. And THAT had started when…

When…

He didn’t know when, he was certain it had just always been there.

“Just— Don’t try to hold it for years,” Vegeta said. “That isn’t what I was doing.”

“Oh, okay,” Trunks said.

Vegeta was on high alert for several days afterwards. Any time Goten was over, he couldn’t help but pay close attention to every conversation he had with Trunks. Seeing as the discussions held by young children were generally pretty inane, this was hard to do. And if Vegeta heard the phrase, “That’s not FAIR, Trunks!” In Goten’s whining voice one more time…

He still forced himself to listen, certain that Trunks would accidentally let something slip any time Goten complained that HE had to pee. ‘Oh, by the way,’ he imagined Trunks saying. ‘My dad HASN’T been holding it forever, he just can’t go most of the time!’

No such comments were ever made, and soon Vegeta was sure Trunks really WOULD manage to stay quiet about it. He’d seemingly grasped that this was a ‘family’ subject, and no one outside needed to hear about it.

Now that the two (Er, THREE, as he forced himself to admit) most important people in his life knew of the problem, Vegeta felt somewhat better about it. Bulma was trying to understand it, Trunks wasn’t disappointed in him, Kakarot was… Infuriatingly helpful. Vegeta thought he could manage it. At the least, he no longer had to sneak around and make excuses when he was at home. He could request some privacy without being prodded as to why.

Then there was another dream.

It was somewhat clearer than the last several. He could sort of see where he was, and he knew Frieza was right next to him. His vision slightly less cloudy, he noticed that Frieza was towering over him, this suggested that he was kneeling for some reason— Vegeta would NEVER kneel before Frieza! Or, perhaps, he’d been knocked to the ground and was laying there, injured.

Frieza was giving some kind of a speech. Vegeta was sure it was the same one from all of the other dreams, and he still could not make out a single word of it. Even so, his chest felt heavy, cold and knotted. Something in him was screaming that he was pathetic, unworthy, useless. He believed every hateful word his brain fired at him, more certain of them than he’d ever been of anything else.

When he woke, he desperately had to urinate. The severity of his need startled him, since he HAD managed to go before bed last night. Yet, he felt like he did when he’d been holding it for over a day.

Bulma was still asleep— and he knew she couldn’t hear his stream from the bed anyway— so he hurried to the restroom and emptied his bladder. It felt good to be able to go so easily, but the cold buzzing ache from his dream lingered.

***

Also, here's some art. Nappa thinks he's "helping".

&&
