Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*011*2023-03-09 19:57

Vegeta was regretting his decision to come on Kakarot’s stupid trip. As far as he understood it, the inhabitants of most planets developed some form of housing so that they wouldn’t NEED to sleep outside. Yet, for some incomprehensible reason, Earthlings thought that spending multiple nights outside was a form of leisure activity. They claimed it was meant to be relaxing.

Upon hearing that, Vegeta tried again to remember if he’d ever relaxed. He came up empty, but he was certain that if he HAD done it, it hadn’t involved any of the nights he’d spent laying in dirt.

Trunks wanted to do it, however. Because Goten was doing it. And, when Kakarot had come over last week to discuss it with Bulma, going on and on about how much fun HE’D had as a child when he’d lived by himself in the woods, all the things he could teach the kids— Just shoving it in Vegeta’s face that he thought he was SO much better at this than him— What choice did Vegeta have?! Kakarot was coming into HIS house, bragging about all these ‘outdoors skills’, as if Vegeta didn’t have ANY of his own!

Of COURSE Vegeta had to announce his intentions to come along, if only to show Kakarot how wrong he was!

Now, sure, Kakarot hadn’t SAID anything about being better than Vegeta, but what did that matter?

It wasn’t until he arrived at the campground with Trunks and Kakarot’s family that Vegeta grew concerned that this had been a terrible idea. The area was a lot more… populated than he’d been expecting. He’d THOUGHT they’d be doing this right around where Kakarot lived, THOSE woods were basically deserted. Kakarot’s bride, however, had insisted on visiting a more scenic location.

The result was that they weren’t alone in these woods, people were milling around in the distance, setting up their own campsites, and Vegeta was VERY aware of their presence. He couldn’t switch off his chi-sensing ability; Even when they got to a clearing far enough away from everyone else that they’d been removed from his view, he could still FEEL how crowded the area really was.

Vegeta HAD considered his problem when he’d agreed to come. Since he’d been in similar areas before on other planets— spaces without restrooms where he’d have no choice but to void outside— he’d thought he could manage this. The absolute worst case scenario would only necessitate him requesting Kakarot’s aid. Annoying and debasing, but something he was learning to live with.

Now that he knew how many people were actually HERE, and that he’d have a difficult time getting his body to stop noticing their power-levels, Vegeta was having second thoughts.

Of course, it wasn’t as though he was TRAPPED here. Hastily adjusting his ‘worst case scenario’ plan, he decided that if it came down to it, he could always just fly home for a bit and come back. It would barely take him half an hour to do that. Kakarot and Trunks would probably know what he was doing, and that was… Not too utterly terrible. He’d need an excuse to give to the rest of Kakarot’s family, however— THEY did not need to know about this.

Hell, he was accustomed to holding his bladder for entire days. He might be able to get away with only relieving himself after everyone had gone to sleep each night. Then he wouldn’t have to worry about flying back and forth.

Yes. He’d be fine.

Goku hadn’t expected this place to be so well populated, either. Chi-Chi had picked it because of some really big, impressive waterfall that people apparently liked to visit. It was the thought of the waterfall, and the sight of the crowds, that made Goku worry a little. He’d known from the start that Vegeta was bound to need his ‘help’ at some point during their trip, and that was going to be more complicated than he’d thought.

He’d pay careful attention to Vegeta like he always did. If his friend seemed to be in serious distress, he’d… He’d tell Vegeta that he needed something from Bulma. That way he could fly home for a bit, and no one would know the real reason he had to leave. Vegeta had a large bladder though, so if he stayed reasonably comfortable throughout the day, then Goku would simply encourage his family and Trunks to go to sleep early. Vegeta shouldn’t have any trouble going then.

Goku could handle this, he knew he could.

Indeed, Vegeta didn’t start acting ‘twitchy’ until later that evening. He moved in a restless manner as Goku cooked the massive fish he and Goten had caught over a fire. Since it was late, Goku figured Vegeta would be alright waiting until the rest of them had gone to sleep.

Vegeta sat beside Chi-Chi, fanning his legs in and out while he watched Trunks play with Kakarot’s littlest brat. They were competing in some way, but Vegeta couldn’t work out the rules of their strange game until Trunks gripped the side of a massive boulder and shoved it forwards a small distance. “Beat that!”

Goten nodded and stepped up to the enormous rock. Vegeta continued to watch. If the boy managed to move it further than Trunks had, Trunks would spend the entirety of the next week in the gravity room, Vegeta would make sure of tha—

“You Saiyans have too much energy!” Chi-Chi commented. “You go one day without a fight and you can’t stop fidgeting!”

Vegeta looked down at his bouncing knee. He hadn’t even noticed how much he was beginning to squirm. Shamefully, he tried to stop. He’d relieved himself just that morning, it couldn’t have been more than twelve hours since he’d last emptied his bladder. He shouldn’t NEED to move around yet. As soon as his leg went still, the buzzing in his abdomen increased startlingly and he tensed up in order to resist the urge to continue wriggling. His legs started to shake slightly, and there was nothing he could do about that. At least it was subtle enough no one would notice.

Chi-Chi was no longer focused on him, her attention turned instead towards Gohan. Even more confusing than the idea that sleeping in dirt was in any way relaxing, Gohan had thus far spent the entirety of their trip reading. Why would he subject himself to several nights outdoors if he was not even going to take advantage of his surroundings to get himself stronger?

“Yes, Gohan, what is it?”

“Um, m—may I go pee before we eat?” Gohan asked.

Chi-Chi sighed. “Yes, Gohan… You really don’t have to ask, remember?” She looked back at Vegeta. “I did raise him to be polite, but I think he goes overboard sometimes…”

Vegeta tried to casually cross one of his legs over the other, he managed it, but it didn’t help. If anything, changing his position only made his bladder throb harder. Had Gohan never explained his ‘problem’ to his mother? Did it shame him somehow? Gohan’s ‘problem’ was barely even a problem! He could still relieve himself wherever he wanted to, it couldn’t have been THAT hard to find someone to give him permission!

If all Vegeta needed was for someone to TELL him to relieve himself, everything would be so much easier. He struggled not to feel JEALOUS as Gohan got up and walked away. And he was more relieved than he’d like to admit when he saw that Gohan was at least a little more discreet than Kakarot. He actually bothered to head a decent distance into the foliage before peeing, rather than doing it right in the open like his idiot father often would.

Nevertheless, Vegeta’s hearing was STILL so strong, and his bladder so raw, that he was acutely aware of the sound Gohan’s stream made as it struck the dirt. It made Vegeta feel jittery. The noise was a merciless tease to his own bladder, and now that he knew how far the sound could travel out here, he was fighting to push a very unpleasant idea away. The idea that he could accidentally WAKE someone while he was voiding tonight and cause them to notice what he was doing.

Gohan peed for a while— Or at least, that was how it felt to Vegeta, being forced to just sit there, listen and hold it. He wasn’t comfortable, and when a spasm tried to convince him that it was, perhaps, a good idea to go talk to Kakarot soon, he tensed up his thighs to banish the thought. It was late, he was so close. Soon, the others would be asleep, and he’d be able to handle this on his OWN like he was SUPPOSED to. Going to Kakarot was the last resort, only to be used during a true emergency. If his back wasn’t hurting, that meant he could handle it.

So, he continued to handle it. The biggest issue was still ensuring that Kakarot’s family couldn’t tell that he was in need of anything. He fought against the pressing urge to squirm, and when the fish was ready, he struggled to eat with the amount of fervor EXPECTED from a Saiyan. It was just difficult to put something INTO his body when something else needed so much to come out, and he was aware he was shoveling food into his mouth at a much slower pace than he usually would.

Chi-Chi noticed, but all she did was mumble that Bulma must have finally taught him some basic table manners. “If only Goku could learn the same thing…”

The sun started to set, and Vegeta’s bladder cramped with anticipation. Soon. He’d get to relieve the pressure very soon. He knew he could handle this… He could survive only going once a day after everyone was asleep. This trip wouldn’t be that long, and he could go back to normal as soon as it was over. This was uncomfortable and he didn’t ENJOY it, but he could live with it for now. No big deal.

Once darkness fell and Goku had coaxed Goten and Trunks to bed, Vegeta stayed awake, waiting for the others to start snoring. At least they all had their eyes shut, he was free to squirm as much as he wanted. He scissored his legs back and forth and bounced on his heels. It felt so good to move… He crossed his ankles and allowed his knees to rub together, making up for lost time after so many hours of forced stillness.

As soon as he was sure everyone was sleeping, he walked out of the clearing and… Into a very bright light. What the Hell? Shielding his eyes, he looked up to spot a massive light hanging from a tree branch overhead.

He remembered now, Chi-Chi had mentioned those. They were motion-activated, because unlike Saiyans, humans could barely see in the dark. Did those things HAVE to be so bright? It was giving him a headache, and reminding him of that irritating attack Kakarot’s three-eyed friend had created. Oh, the number of times he’d been struck blind by that before receiving a fist to his face…

He got out from under the light, paced a bit further down the trail and accidentally set off another one. One of his hands twitched, palm starting to heat up. Those lights were annoying, a good blast of chi would take care of them…

And it would wake everyone up. Kakarot’s woman would scream at him and then NEVER go back to sleep. No more privacy, after he’d spent SO much time waiting for it.

He moved away from the light and waited for it to switch back off. He looked from side to side, hoped that this area would suffice and readied himself to pee. It was quiet now, the only noises being that of the bugs. After a few minutes, he felt a stunning point of pressure around his urethral opening. Finally, that was it! He forced himself to push into the pain, aware that it was the only way to free himself of it. Any second now, he would start to dribble, he would at last start to urinate, he would—

From the corner of his eye, he noticed another bright light flash on in the distance. Everything stopped immediately, the pressure faded, and he no longer felt as though he was on the edge of voiding. His bladder felt as locked down and impenetrable as ever before. And it HURT. The small ring of muscle separating his urine from the outside world stung and screamed and flared with anger. The walls of his bladder spasmed roughly, and icicles formed within his chest.

Fuck… Was someone…

Focus. Vegeta would be able to SENSE if a human was present in the direction the light had come from. He shut his eyes and concentrated. It was a strain to feel anything past the pain of his full bladder, but after a few seconds he could sense a lot of things. Trouble was, he couldn’t focus well enough to tell them apart. He knew the super small power levels he was picking up on likely belonged to birds and insects. But, there were larger ones— Still not very impressive, but strong enough to be coming from a human. Or a deer. Or a wolf…

Vegeta didn’t think he’d care that much if an animal happened upon him while he was trying to void. Most of the animals on Earth weren’t intelligent enough to know that he was doing anything embarrassing. Since he couldn’t tell if those power levels were from deer or humans, though…

Okay, maybe trying to sense chi hadn’t been the best idea. He was all too aware of EVERY living thing within miles of him now, and any time he picked up on something moving— No matter how microscopic its power was— his holding muscles twisted tighter, instead of loosening.

‘Ignore it, ignore it, stop…’ Vegeta told himself, trying to redirect ALL of his attention to his bladder and the task at hand. That wasn’t too hard to do, he needed to go so bad that it was an easy thing to focus on. ‘You almost had it a few moments ago, just—‘

Another light blared to life way off to his right. Immediately, and without meaning to, he concentrated on chi sources again. ‘That feels like it could be a person, they might be coming closer.’ He stumbled deeper into the trees, frustrated beyond belief. This was utterly ridiculous! He SHOULD just go blow up all those stupid lights. HE could see FINE without them!

He glanced back and forth as he adjusted his aim. He felt like he was in more of a bargaining stage now. If he could only get out SOME of his urine, he thought he’d be satisfied with that. If he only let out just enough to take the EDGE off for a few more hours, he could accept that!

His bladder refused to grant him even a drop. The glacial feelings in his chest hadn’t faded since the moment the first light had come on, and no ‘reassurances’ he tried to give himself melted the ice even a little.

Okay! That was it! He’d had MORE than enough of this!

Vegeta could FLY. He could fly REALLY fast, and he could go HOME. At home, there wouldn’t be any stupid motion lights to convince him that someone was about to walk in on him. At home, he could relieve himself, and then fly RIGHT back. No one would even know!

Vegeta put his clothing back together and, once more, had to get himself to concentrate on something that WASN’T his bladder. As he tried to gather enough chi to get in the air, his hands went between his legs and started to squeeze. He almost forced them away, but it… It felt so much better this way…

He managed to get off the ground and started to raise higher into the sky. He barely made it above the trees before his bladder twisted up like a corkscrew, shuddered like it was collapsing in on itself, and cramped down so violently that he nearly just FELL back down to the ground.

He caught himself in time and lowered himself to his feet, horror dawning as the ice in his chest started to move up through his shoulders. His… His own body was… It was preventing him from flying. He had reached a limit, the limit for how badly he could need to pee before he lost the ability to fly. He wasn’t supposed to HAVE any limits!

He DIDN’T have limits!

THAT had been a fluke! Something— Something just got in his eye! Yeah! It messed up his concentration. He COULD fly. He COULD get home! He started the process over again, ignoring that it was taking far longer than it had any right to. Usually, he could get in the air the instant he wanted, it wasn’t supposed to take a minute for him to prepare.

But, that was fine. Moving SLOWER than usual was acceptable. He could forgive himself for that. He couldn’t forgive himself if he really WASN’T able to fly at all.

His feet lifted from the ground and he attempted to blast straight up. This time, he didn’t even reach the tops of the trees before his control over his chi shattered, and his bladder’s walls squeezed and stretched with a violent, fervent intensity.

He struggled to even land gently enough that he didn’t accidentally rock his bladder too much. The cold feeling was starting to slowly ease its way down to his fingertips.

Vegeta knew that one option remained. He knew what he COULD do— what he HAD to do.

He needed to be able to teleport home.

Which meant he needed to go wake Kakarot up.

‘Pathetic,’ he thought scornfully. The thought of shoving Kakarot around until his eyes cracked open, then having to pitifully explain how much he needed to go home for a minute…

For some reason, he thought Kakarot might even tell him ‘no’. For some reason, he had a very clear image of Kakarot saying ‘No, Vegeta. I’m exhausted. Let me rest.’ And, if Kakarot DID say that, and Vegeta got… Frantic…

The most mortifying picture of himself BEGGING Kakarot popped into his mind’s eye, and no amount of ‘Kakarot wouldn’t DO that!’ could chase it away. He had no idea where these awful ideas were coming from, but they were sticking to his brain like glue and he couldn’t risk them coming to fruition.

Vegeta had gone to sleep with a full bladder before, and he’d always been fine. Tomorrow, as soon as he and Kakarot got a moment alone, all of this could be resolved.

Vegeta went back to their clearing. He laid down, in the dirt, and just as he’d predicted nothing about it was calming. His insides were churning, his urethra burning, his chest cold. Everything below his waist was drenched in flame, everything above frozen solid.

Somehow, he managed to lose himself to a sleep filled with troubled dreams.

Again, he found himself staring up at Frieza. Just like in the previous dreams, his vision was cloudy. But, this time he felt more aware of what exactly was obscuring his sight. His eyes were burning in a strange, vaguely familiar way. To his immense horror, he realized the stinging sensation meant that he was crying. He DIDN’T cry, he did NOT… He’d only done it once or twice in his entire life, he was NOT crying now.

Frieza’s speech was muffled, like usual. However, this time, Vegeta could pick up on a few scattered words between the incomprehensible streams of mush. “Pathetic… Useless… Unworthy…”

When he woke up, there were tears in the corners of his eyes. He furiously brushed them away before realizing that they had likely been caused by the horrific pain currently ripping into him. Only his lower back was aching so far, but his bladder itself felt like it was being CRUSHE—

Oh.

“Tr—Trunks, get the Hell off of me!” Vegeta snapped, voice sharp. “What is wrong with you?!”

Trunks moved back, blinking, and now Vegeta noticed Goten was here too. “I’m sorry, Dad. Goten and I really wanna go play in the waterfall, and his Mom said we aren’t allowed to go there if no one’s with us.”

Blasted woman… Trunks and his friend could never be in any danger if they were alone. The danger would only be to whoever was AROUND them.

Vegeta wriggled as he sat up, eyes widening as the massive weight filling up his bladder shifted within him. It was— It was morning. He neede— He WANTED Kakarot. He glanced around, to his dismay he saw that Kakarot was still asleep. “I’ll take you later, after Kakarot and I have… Fought.”

“He’s asleep!” Goten pointed out, whining. Nails on a fucking chalkboard… Usually, Vegeta could tolerate Trunks’s playmate a BIT longer than this, but his nerves were worn down to almost nothing. “He’ll be up when we get back!”

The very last place Vegeta wanted to go was ANYWHERE with a waterfall. He didn’t even want to IMAGINE waterfalls right now. If Kakarot didn’t get up and take him home NOW, Vegeta was going to MAKE a—

No.

No, he was not.

Of course he wasn’t.

He couldn’t. Even if he wanted to.

“Come ON, Dad,” Trunks complained. Somehow, TRUNKS’S whining wasn’t as grating as Goten’s. Probably just because Trunks didn’t look like a tiny clone of Kakarot— Who STILL wasn’t waking up!

“F—Fine,” Vegeta said. “Fine. But only for a little while. I need Kakarot to… To fight me very soon.”

“Okay,” Goten and Trunks agreed.

The walk TO the waterfall was Hell. Vegeta still hadn’t even woken up all the way, everything EXCEPT for his bladder felt sluggish and numb. Being surrounded on all sides by trees was torture. There were few occasions where Vegeta honestly wished his brain could be more like Kakarot’s, but this was one of them. If he were as incapable of shame as his rival, he’d be able to sprint to the closest tree and just… Go. Without a care. It wouldn’t matter how many people were looking.

He hadn’t even been able to manage it last night when NO ONE was looking, when he’d just thought that someone MIGHT.

The thought of last night, the entirety of yesterday, how horridly long he’d already been holding all this in…

It had been over twenty four hours now. Twenty four hours had always been the length of time it usually took for him to start ‘breaking’. For the desperation to begin driving him insane, for the back aches to become nauseating, for him to lose all ability to conceal what was wrong.

He reminded himself that the LONGEST he’d ever held it for was TWO days. And, when he did that, he was rewarded with getting so angry that he turned Super Saiyan for the first time!

Maybe if he had to break that record now, he’d unlock ANOTHER new ability, something even more powerful than ANYTHING Kakarot had ever reached. Yes. If he had to hold it until it hurt so bad that he missed how it felt to be dead, then he’d be able to go several levels BEYOND Super Saiyan!

Yeah. The desperation was DEFINITELY starting to drive him insane, that was for sure.

“Truuunks, slow down!” Goten complained.

Vegeta snapped back to the moment at hand, prepared to shout at Goten to keep up. Then, he realized why the boy was struggling. Goten was doing a bit of a dance. Dammit. WHY hadn’t he gone before they’d left?!

“Ugh, fine,” Trunks said, coming to a stop. “If you can’t hold it, just go.”

Vegeta looked away. He REALLY hoped Goten would choose to address his need more like how his BROTHER did it, and not like his idiot father. ‘Don’t do it right here. Not in front of me. Not when I—‘

Of course, Goten HAD to take after his father. He ran up to a bush that provided barely any cover, and just… Went. “Ahhhhh…. Much better!”

Vegeta swore he could hear every drop individually as it splattered the bush. His bladder twisted, convulsed, and the ache in his back creeped upwards ever so slightly. He put a hand against his tender side, trying to soothe some of the tension out. It was no use. Every bit of him was in knots, struggling to react to an unreal level of need. If he wasn’t so sure he’d just lose control and land on the ground again, Vegeta would have flown off right then, let Chi-Chi complain about him leaving the kids alone, he wouldn’t care. He just NEEDED—

“Okay, all done,” Goten said happily.

“Finally,” Trunks grumbled. “Now, come on. If we don’t hurry, people’ll beat us there and we won’t be allowed to use our powers!”

They made it to the waterfall, Goten and Trunks immediately took off and started to wrestle one another in the water. Vegeta watched them and came to one conclusion; This was literally worse than Hell. He’d BEEN there before, and it wasn’t as bad as this. The waterfall itself was SO loud, roaring and rippling, spraying with a violent force. It was so much like what Vegeta needed to do that he kept having to turn his back to the kids so that he could hold himself without notice.

Add onto that the sound of Goten and Trunks splashing around, and Vegeta’s head felt as full of liquid as his bladder did. He thought he might manage to drown in his own revolting fluids. It hurt, he was going to burst, it was too much, he couldn’t—

He could. He could. He always could… There was no such word as ‘can’t’ in his vocabulary. It had no place there. He had to hold it now, and so that was what he’d do. He’d endure it, however long it took. Soon, he could walk back, grab Kakarot by the shirt and DEMAND that he take him home NOW. It would be over. It would all finally be over.

As he was forced to continue listening to the sloshing water, Vegeta was hit by another idea. A vile, disgusting one that was THOROUGHLY beneath him, but an idea nonetheless. He couldn’t handle anyone KNOWING that he was peeing, but if there was a way for him to do it where it would be IMPOSSIBLE to notice…

No one would notice if he voided in the water, would they?

If he submerged himself and just… Let go, nothing visible would happen, there would be no trickling sounds. No one would be able to tell. He didn’t LIKE the idea, technically he would be peeing in his clothing, but it would be washed off right away. Only HE would know it happened, if he could just forgive himself for the transgression, accept that these were extenuating circumstances…

Temperature…

Urine was warm. Goten and Trunks might be able to feel it. They’d probably just blame EACH OTHER, but since Goten had JUST peed, he wasn’t so sure. Maybe the water was ALREADY kind of warm and they wouldn’t notice?

Vegeta stepped to the edge and hesitantly stuck one of his boots into the water— No way was he gonna bend down to take them off unless he KNEW he was about to pee. The liquid felt cold, too cold for his intended use. He’d have to do it further away from them. At least the lake was large. He could get away with this, he could…

Painstakingly, he forced himself to kneel and tug off his boots. His bladder felt like it was being smashed between two bricks of Kattin Steel. Surprisingly, he felt that stinging pain at his opening that usually came right before he began to pee. It made him panic and squeeze himself, but also made him hopeful. That was the closest he’d felt to an ‘involuntary release’ this whole time, maybe that meant he WOULD be able to go.

He stood and pulled his gloves off with his teeth, tossing them next to his boots, then he got into the water, as far away from Goten and Trunks as he could. When the cold water lapped at his fingers, he flinched and put his hands against his chest instead. Once he was submerged up to his waist, he shut his eyes and ordered himself to let go. He could hear the kids splashing and yelling at each other, and continually reminded himself that, when he peed, it wouldn’t make a noise. No one would be able to tell.

The scorching pinch returned to his opening and, more hopeful than he would have admitted, he pushed into it, his jaw tensing, lower abdominals straining. He felt something! It was working! Warmth was forming around his crotch, and it both revolted him and made him breathe a little easier. It was finally happening! This was over! He’d handled it, and he hadn’t needed Kakarot’s help!

He was still at the stage where it just HURT to keep forcing out his stream, but he didn’t DARE ease up, he would NOT allow himself to stop voiding until he was empty. He wanted all of it out, NOW.

He felt the shift that would turn his dribbles into something as great as the waterfall roaring into the lake, his taut holding muscles snapped at last and finally went slack. Phew… That was so much bett— A sharp tug at his arm made him stumble backwards, and cease urinating altogether. “Come on, Dad, play with us!” Trunks said. “Goten says he can hold his breath longer than me, you gotta be the judge so he knows he can’t!”

“Trunks— I was—“ Vegeta stopped. Now that he knew what relief felt like, he wanted it back, but his body refused to resume the process with Trunks right there. The coldness gripped him instead, hoping that Trunks didn’t think the water felt any warmer than usual around here. “Fine, I’ll watch your contest,” he said.

He trudged through the water after Trunks. The resistance placed on his abdomen by the fluid was brutally punishing. Having been cut off midstream like that, Vegeta’s bladder was flaring wildly, pushing viciously against an exit-pathway that had once more been blocked shut.

His back wasn’t aching at all anymore though. He told himself that meant he’d gotten a decent amount of his burden out. Maybe enough that he could fly again…

He observed Goten and Trunks as they both dove their heads under water. They each stayed down for a decent amount of time, about what Vegeta would expect from a Saiyan child. Goten was the first one to come up and gasp for air, followed by Trunks, whom immediately started to laugh and taunt him.

The water no longer being of any use to him, Vegeta got out, shoved his feet back into his boots and placed his gloves back over his hands. He felt a little lighter now, he supposed. He still REALLY wanted to relieve himself, but he definitely thought he’d be able to fly now.

He had to concentrate more than he typically did to get into the air, and his bladder shifted painfully when he finally managed it. Trunks noticed what he was doing and called “Where are you going, Dad? Don’t leave us yet!”

Vegeta sighed and lowered slightly to speak to him. “I— I forgot something at home, I will be back soo—“

“Get it later!” Trunks whined. “We never spend time together unless we’re training!”

Trunks… Knew of his problem now. And he didn’t care. Vegeta could say “Actually, I just need to go home so I can relieve myself.” And Trunks wouldn’t care. Maybe Vegeta WOULD be able to do that if Goten weren’t right next to him.

‘Stop caring what a seven year old thinks,’ Vegeta ordered himself. It wasn’t so much what Goten would think that bothered him though, it was who Goten would TELL. He had a hard time believing THAT child would keep quiet. Goten would find out, and the next thing Vegeta knew, everyone in his life would suddenly be aware.

“F—Fine, Trunks,” Vegeta said. “I’ll stay a while longer.”

‘A while longer’ turned into ‘most of the day’, and Vegeta made several more attempts to finish draining himself into the water. But, after the first time, he wasn’t even able to get himself STARTED again. It didn’t help that the lake grew more crowded as the day pressed on, more people to notice if he suddenly DID manage to make the water warmer.

By dinnertime, Vegeta no longer felt like he’d let out ANYTHING at all, his bladder was as full as ever. In spite of the immense pain, he forced himself to walk QUICKLY back to their campsite. Kakarot would DEFINITELY be awake by now, and he was sure that his bladder wasn’t going to let him fly. He didn’t want this to be the case, but Kakarot was his ONLY option.

But, when they got back, Kakarot wasn’t THERE. Only his elder son was present. “Wh—Where is your moron of a father?” Vegeta demanded, hoping that the tremor in his voice wasn’t noticeable.

Gohan looked up from his book. “Mom wanted to go on a romantic walk with him,” he said.

“… And did Kakarot have any idea what that was?”

“Uh, no,” Gohan said. “He assumed it was a special hike where you get to eat food the whole time…”

“Wh—When will he return?” Vegeta asked. “I need… He assured me we would fight one another during this trip. I am growing quite impatient.”

Gohan lowered his book to get a better look at Vegeta, instantly noticing how close his legs were pressed to one another, and the tremors raking through his entire body. Gohan recognized what those twitches meant now, and figured that this was not the best place for Vegeta to be. Doubtless, he’d been in plenty of spots without restrooms before, and had managed it somehow.

He could probably fly all the way home when he needed to and be back within half an hour… “Well, they just left a little bit ago. So, if there’s anything you… Anything you wanted to do to ‘prepare’, you have time.”

Vegeta paced in a small circle for a moment, “N—Nothing I wanted to do,” he said. He tried to focus again, tried to pick out Kakarot’s chi from all the others he could feel, tried to figure out how far away he was. It was easy to locate Kakarot, his power-level was far greater than anyone else’s. He was a troubling distance away and, as he was walking with a human, it would take him a while to get here. ‘Hurry the Hell up, Kakarot…’

Gohan shrugged. He was used to fighting taking precedence over everything else for Vegeta, but he really DID have plenty of time to go home and take care of things before Dad got here.

Vegeta folded his arms and tried to sway as minutely as he could manage. Gohan was still looking at him, he could NOT allow him to figure out how embarrassingly desperate he was, how he’d been holding it for about a day and a half now, only granted the tiniest reprieve in the lake earlier.

Goten ran to sit beside his brother, and started to chatter about his day at the lake. At least two of them were distracted now…

Trunks was still paying attention to him, though, gaze fixated on his trembling legs. “Dad?” He asked. “Are you okay?”

“Fine,” Vegeta said. “Just want to fight Kakarot soon.”

Trunks kept staring, then shrugged. “Okay…” He went up to Gohan as well, interrupting Goten to announce “I can hold my breath the longest!”

All of them distracted, Vegeta tried to just stand there and wait, remaining as still as he could. The tiny spurts of pee he’d released into the lake felt like absolutely nothing now, and the pain was continuing to climb through his back. It felt dangerously close to THAT point— The point where it became VERY hard not to cry out and vocalize his agony. His eyes widened as his bladder seized up and started to surge downwards. It was akin to the feeling of holding it in the gravity chamber, but so much more concerning because NOTHING extra was weighing him down.

A hand darted to his crotch and gave it a quick squeeze. When he let go, the blind pain ramped up and he was forced to do it again, right away, and if ANY of those three looked, they’d see how needy he was, and—

He darted from the clearing and hid behind a smattering of trees. Privacy at last… Not enough of it for him to actually GO like he wanted, but enough that he could writhe and hold himself. He doubled over immediately, squeezing himself tightly— A little TOO tightly, since he managed to hurt himself for a second before he remembered to ease up. No matter how bad he had to go, if he held himself with ALL of his strength…

Trunks said he wanted to be a big brother someday, Vegeta shouldn’t jeopardize that.

He coiled his legs around one another, letting them rub as he squeezed away at his crotch. His bladder was pulling him apart at the seams, bursting painfully against his clothing. He was glad that Saiyan battle suits stretched so well, if the material were digging into him any more… He moaned, horrified that his bladder could force such a noise from his lips, legs tangling like a poorly constructed pretzel.

The squeezing started to help and he sighed at the slight relief. His clenched palms were ebbing away some of his pain. He knew he couldn’t allow himself to enjoy it for very long, however. Eventually, Trunks would wonder where his father had gone.

He looked down at himself, at the engorged bump protruding within him. Kakarot had gotten startled the last time he’d noticed it. This time, Vegeta looked significantly more swollen. Maybe he wouldn’t even HAVE to tell Kakarot anything, he’d just SEE how painfully stretched his bladder was and teleport him home without a word… Vegeta couldn’t decide if his urgency being THAT blatant was less embarrassing than having to talk about it.

When he suddenly became aware that Kakarot’s power was drawing closer, he forced himself out from behind the trees and back to the clearing. Soon, finally…

Kakarot arrived minutes later with his wife. Vegeta stumbled closer to him, “Kakar—“

“Dad wants to fight you really bad,” Trunks said. “He’s been talking about it all day.”

“I know, I promised I’d fight with you,” Kakarot said. “But, I’m starving and…” He trailed off, eyes resting on Vegeta’s feet that he couldn’t stop from bouncing. “And it’s really late, so we should go to bed as soon as we eat. Let’s save the fight for tomorrow.”

“Kakarot, could you—“ Vegeta jerked his head to the side, trying to get across that he wanted to speak with him in PRIVATE, but Kakarot’s attention had already been snatched away by Goten, babbling about HIS day.

Goku tried to prepare their dinner a little faster this time. Vegeta seemed WAY more desperate than he had last night! Probably because he’d spent all day at the waterfall. Poor guy must have been DYING for everyone to go to bed so he could pee. Goku had actually wondered if he ought to teleport Vegeta HOME for a few minutes or something. But, well, he KNEW how Vegeta was, he’d be insulted if Goku suggested he ‘give up’ when he was so close. They’d all be asleep in an hour or so, Vegeta would be furious at the idea that he couldn’t handle just one more hour.

Goku sometimes thought of this as a balancing act, to help Vegeta without also damaging his ego and setting him off. He liked to think he USUALLY guessed correctly when deciding what to do.

Throughout dinner, Vegeta was eating WAY slower than usual. Chi-Chi, again, commended him for finally learning how to eat politely, shooting Goku a look as he kept stuffing food into his mouth so quickly it was a wonder he was able to chew it.

Goku noticed Vegeta kept looking over at him, and widening his eyes. Goku tried to shoot HIM a look that said ‘I know, I’ll get the kids to bed as FAST as I can, it will be okay.’

Goku did manage to get Trunks and Goten to head to sleep quickly. Luckily, they were tired out after their day. Then, he started to lay down himself. Vegeta was off to the side, making no move to head to sleep. He was shuffling between his feet, hands clasped in front of himself, looking so utterly urgent…

Vegeta wanted to snap at Kakarot that he’d been TRYING to tell him something all evening, but now that his rival was heading to bed, he— for some reason— hesitated. He didn’t know why, but he was just SURE Kakarot would tell him no, because he was too tired. And then Vegeta would have to beg him…

‘That isn’t GOING to happen,’ Vegeta screamed at himself. ‘You KNOW it won’t happen. Where is this even COMING from?’ It HAD to have been from somewhere, irrational thoughts didn’t just appear out of nothing, something must have—

He could hear the kids and Gohan snoring, Chi-Chi seemed to be asleep. Kakarot may have still been up, but— Those stupid, nonsensical ideas wouldn’t let him GO to him!

Maybe tonight Vegeta would have some better luck managing this himself. He was SUPPOSED to be able to do this on his own!

Once more, he failed. Those stupid lights kept going off in the pitch black of the night, and he honestly couldn’t tell if he was sensing a wolf wandering around near him or a human. His bladder, so brutally full that he felt close to vomiting, refused to ease up. The pains in his back continued to build and build and, just like always, there was no way to predict when they’d—

“Gaahhaaahhh…” Vegeta moaned into the darkness, miserable as it suddenly felt like his kidneys were being drenched in a mixture of boiling acid and molten lava. He stumbled, lurched and doubled over, grabbing at himself even though his dick was out and, if he started to void, it would be FINE— BETTER than fine. At this point, the only purpose holding onto himself served was to take away a very tiny fraction of his pain.

No. No more of this.

Even if his bizarre fear came to fruition and Kakarot DID make him beg, it would be better than this. Anything would be better than this.

He fumbled himself back into his clothes and limped back to the clearing. Kakarot HAD fallen asleep by then and Vegeta forced himself onto his knees, squishing his bladder once again but, already in so much agony that he barely noticed. He started to shove the other Saiyan, huffing; “Kakarot… Kakarot! Wake up! Wake up, now!”

He was utterly appalled by the lengths his body was driving him to. Frantically shaking someone awake, like a child in need of comfort after a nightmare. Frantically shaking KAKAROT, going to THAT man for help with something that he couldn’t accomplish by himself no matter how hard he tried. He shouldn’t need Kakarot, but… Oh, he needed Kakarot so bad…

Finally, his rival’s eyes started to open. “V—Vegeta…?” He asked, groggy. “What’s goin’ on?”

“I— I require—“

“Oh,” Kakarot grew more alert and started to sit up. He lowered his voice. “I… This is why I was trying to get everyone to head to bed, I could tell you—“

“Don’t speak of such things here,” Vegeta hissed sharply. “You’ll wake someone else.”

Vegeta anxiously stood. He’d expected standing and stretching out to make him feel BETTER, but it had the opposite effect. The skin of his abdomen was straining, the bump of his bladder so sharp he thought he might rip open. He crumpled forwards and begged his twitching hands not to make contact with his crotch. They did anyway. Disobedient trash…

Kakarot was beside him a moment later, and he STILL couldn’t let go…

“I— You have to get me home, or— Or stand near me, or just— ANYTHING, whatever’s fastest!” Vegeta hated every word that came from his mouth, couldn’t understand how he was even able to say them. He’d thought EARLIER that the desperation was driving him crazy, he must have been totally insane now.

“Vegeta, what’s wrong? I thought you’d be able to pee if everybody went to—“

“I—It’s those stupid motion lights,” Vegeta interrupted, trudging off as fast as his aching bladder would let him. “They keep switching on, a—and—“

“… And you think someone’s coming,” Kakarot finished. “But, wait, you should be able to sense if—“

“Th—That hasn’t been— I tried, but it’s hard to focus, and when I do manage it, I’m able to pick up on everything— Deer, birds, bugs. And the power of a deer feels too similar to the average weakling on this planet.”

Goku frowned. The lights alerting him to nearby movement, and his own body forcing him to notice anything close to him that was alive, Goku could see why it was stressing him out, why just leaving him alone in these woods hadn’t worked out the same way it had in the past, why—

This was their second night here…

Goku had assumed Vegeta’s constantly uncomfortable appearance was due to a need to pee, and he’d been right. But, he’d ALSO believed the desperation was getting alleviated each night, he’d believed Vegeta was getting a BREAK from the internal torment every so often. He’d believed he’d been helping and fixing the problem as best as he could.

Vegeta hadn’t told him otherwise.

… Vegeta WOULDN’T tell him otherwise.

“V—Vegeta?! Have you gone at ALL since we got here?!” Goku blurted out. He looked down, paying more attention to Vegeta’s lower stomach than he usually would. The times he’d noticed his bladder swelling had been really freaky and, indeed, that was happening again now. It looked so painful, gnarled and angry. Vegeta looked like he’d pop if he got poked in the side with anything sharp. “It’s been two days— Have you been holding it for two days!?”

“I…. Have,” Vegeta said, he noticed Kakarot staring at his midsection and, embarrassed, shakily released his grip on his crotch and moved his hands behind his back, trying to take away the temptation. His fingers twitched, palms growing sweaty. His bladder shuddered, protesting the loss of vital support. Its walls were so stretched, he swore it felt like something was tearing.

“No, it’s okay,” Kakarot said. “You can, er, hold it there if you have t—“

“D—Don’t pay attention to— I don’t HAVE to do that!” Vegeta insisted, still his hands moved back to his front and squeezed, seemingly without his notice.

“Shhh, you WILL wake people up if you yell at me,” Goku warned. They were back on the main trail now. Goku THOUGHT the quickest thing to do would be to get Vegeta to use a tree HERE. He could sense that Bulma and her parents were all at Capsule Corp, and a few members of their night crew were there as well. Which meant that the only rooms Goku would be able to teleport Vegeta to would be the lab, where people were working on delicate projects, or a bedroom, where everyone was probably asleep. Waking someone up by suddenly appearing in a flash of light, with Vegeta visibly… Having an emergency, would NOT be something his friend enjoyed. Having to explain what they were doing there would take time…

Walking him away from most of the campsites would be better. Maybe Goku would take him to the waterfall, maybe the sound would help him, so long as someone that he trusted was near him.

Hiking was easy, and it wasn’t a long distance. However, for the first time in a long while, Goku was worried that the person he was with wouldn’t be able to handle it. He hadn’t been nervous about overworking someone with a simple walk since Gohan was a toddler.

And, little Gohan hadn’t gotten enraged when Goku asked if he thought he could make it, or if he wanted to be carried.

Vegeta would— at least try to— blow something up if he was asked any similar questions. Unfortunately, the only thing it seemed Vegeta COULD blow up right now was his own bladder. He was VISIBLY struggling to walk. Goku knew that the best response to that was NO response at all, to instead pretend that Vegeta WASN’T basically limping, doubled over, and dragging his feet as his knees rubbed together. Still, Goku worried; It had been two days since his friend had last peed. Holding it for that long was unfathomable.

More troubling was how ashamed Vegeta had sounded when he admitted to how long he’d been waiting. He’d done something most people would be astonished by— He’d done something he knew GOKU couldn’t do— and yet it had failed to instill any pride into him. Vegeta was proud of himself when he pushed his body— Even if it resulted in pain for him, even if Goku saw him straining a bit too hard and got concerned that his friend was just going to break something. It wasn’t the physical agony that kept him from being proud of this. The shame of the entire situation must have been beyond anything Goku had ever felt.

Vegeta could barely lift his feet off the ground to take proper steps. It horrified him. He could walk correctly when subjecting himself to a hundred times Earth’s normal gravity. His bladder felt REALLY heavy, but no way was it THAT heavy. Granted, the pressure in the gravity chamber was all external, the thing weighing him down so much wasn’t wedged inside his body, crammed there with hardly enough space. And, he’d never felt that one wrong move would cause the gravity chamber to blow up and kill him.

He actually DID feel like his bladder was going to blow up. That wasn’t even hyperbole, there was no exaggeration. That was seriously how it felt, and he could even point to personal experience and say he knew what he was talking about.

He literally HAD exploded once before, in an attempt to kill Buu. He’d self-destructed on purpose, and it had felt a LOT like this. An extreme build-up in heat and pressure that stretched out all of his muscles, each of them being yanked out farther and farther until they all suddenly snapped. This was the same sensation, just all concentrated into one area.

“I—I’m sorry I wasn’t around today,” Kakarot was saying. “I thought you were able to go last night, if I’d known—“

“Q—Quiet, Kakarot…” Vegeta grunted out.

Goku was perhaps overly happy that he’d said ‘Quiet’ instead of his usual ‘SHUT THE HELL UP, KAKAROT!’

Vegeta kept inching forwards, the stupid lights blinding him every once in a while. He hated them so much that, had his bladder NOT been preventing him from summoning his chi, he WOULD be blowing them all up. It was during one of the moments where the bright flashes made his vision go haywire that he actually managed to trip and fall.

“Gih— Dammit…” Vegeta muttered, sprawled on the ground. The impact, which should have felt like NOTHING, felt instead like a billion punches to his bladder. He was amazed that the pain inside him was STILL able to get worse. There should have been a point at which his body just couldn’t PROCESS it anymore. “Kakarot, don’t you dare lau—“

“Not gonna,” Kakarot said. “You okay?”

“O—Of course,” Vegeta insisted, wriggling. He felt dizzy, it took him a moment to remember which way was up. Kakarot had his hand out, nearly every part of him was screaming that he was not so pathetic as to need assistance standing, but one tiny piece wanted him to accept. He reached and clasped Kakarot’s hand tightly, unable to even control how hard he gripped. Had he been in a better frame of mind, the wince this prompted on Kakarot’s face would have made him feel proud of himself.

He just… Had to get back up… All he had to do was STAND— Standing was supposed to be easy— He wasn’t even hurt! He just felt so heavy, he felt weighed down, he felt filled with agony, he felt—

Wait—

Wha—

What the Hell?

He— He felt… warm, and kind of wet, and a sudden, slow decrease in his pain-level.

Fuckfuckfuckfuck! Giving up on trying to drag himself back onto his feet, Vegeta put ALL of his energy towards making this horrific reality come to a grinding stop. His hand released from Kakarot’s, dove between his legs and he squeezed. He was so panicked by what was happening to him— HOW THE HELL COULD THIS BE HAPPENING TO HIM?!— that he accidentally clutched himself a LOT more firmly than he’d intended to, only succeeding in hurting himself again, and NOT in stopping himself from… From…

His heart thudded so loudly that it nearly deafened him, new, intense emotions gripped him on all sides, none of them pleasant. Internally, his pelvic region was still in pain, the slow deflation of his bladder only PARTIALLY ebbing, and that was not enough to cover up the rest of the aches. His urethra was burning with a scorching fire, stinging more strongly with every passing second. Something within him felt like it had been broken. It did not resemble ANY of the other injuries he’d gotten. It wasn’t a ‘snapping’ sensation, more like it had crumbled and turned into dust. The feeling was right around his bladder, and he was convinced that he’d ACTUALLY managed to fill it so completely that it really HAD exploded.

His bladder blowing up was the only reasonable explanation as to how he could actually be… Doing… This…

The physical torment completely paled in comparison to the mental ones. The shame and humiliation was so severe that he felt like he was standing on the surface of the Sun. Yet, simultaneously, the frigid, rock-solid ice had moved out of his chest and had begun to encompass his entire body, making him shudder and fight for breath. When he realized he was struggling to breathe as he knelt pathetically on the ground, his body… voiding despite all his efforts to make it stop… Vegeta felt more powerless than he EVER had before. Not even comparing himself to Kakarot had ever managed to make him feel this broken and defeated, not even FRIEZA had ever caused him to—

No…

That wasn’t right.

This was the second time Vegeta had… Done this. The second time he’d… Gotten himself wet.

A memory popped into his brain, one that startled him with its clarity, as well as by how NEW it felt.

He’d been four. An age where MOST people would think “Well, yeah, of course you had an accident when you were that little…” But, Vegeta wasn’t most people. Even at four, it was disgraceful for him to lose control over his body. Even at four, a Saiyan— especially the prince— should have had complete mastery over it. Should have been able to FORCE it to do what he wanted, and FORBID it from disobeying him.

Back then, he was already being sent out on missions for Frieza. Of course he was. Saiyans were sent to fight practically from the moment they were born, and Vegeta was determined to show that he was JUST as good as the adults— Better, even. His father had protested against him being sent on THIS mission, though. Which, of course, only made Vegeta WANT to do it more.

And, Frieza couldn’t be argued with. If he wanted Vegeta to go, then Vegeta WOULD go.

“It’s just… A very long way to send him when he’s so young,” Vegeta’s father said. “If I’m not going with h—“

“Don’t be so sentimental,” Frieza said. “YOUR child is no more valuable to me than any of the other monkey brats. He will receive no special treatment.”

Vegeta hadn’t cared. Sure, normally the king or some other guardian would accompany him on trips, but he was SO strong now. He didn’t need to be looked after.

So, he set off on the mission with everyone else. Frieza was alongside them this time. Vegeta didn’t like Frieza very much, he was the only one that his proud father would bow down to. His father shouldn’t be taking orders from anyone. Vegeta told himself that, once they got to the new planet, he was going to show Frieza EXACTLY how powerful he was.

Vegeta would do something SO amazing that Frieza would see it and think ‘The prince is THIS strong at four? What am I going to do when he grows up? I had better stay on his good side.’ He’d make Frieza SO scared of him, that he would show him and his father the respect they deserved. His father would be proud of him, all the other Saiyans would be overjoyed to have such a great warrior as their future king.

The start of the trip went just fine, Vegeta lost himself in a fantasy of making Frieza run from him in terror. But, as he sat in his space pod, he noticed that it was taking way longer to arrive at this new planet than he’d thought it would. And he kind of needed to…

Vegeta HAD relieved himself before leaving like he always did. But, that had been a really long time ago now, and his bladder had had plenty of opportunity to fill back up. He wriggled a little bit from side to side. Their voyage would surely be at an end soon…

It wasn’t.

More time passed, Vegeta was fidgeting wildly, curling up on himself and trying to stop his eyes from watering. His tail was flicking in all directions, occasionally twisting up around his crossed legs. He’d looked all over the tiny space-pod, trying to see if there was ANYTHING he could use to take care of his need. He was SURE there must have been something! If the others went on long trips like this often, there had to be SOME way to manage things like this. But, he hadn’t found ANYTHING. He’d tried hitting some of the buttons, hopeful that something useful would appear, but all he managed to do was adjust the seat and make the pod change speed a few times.

He didn’t have anywhere to go, and he wasn’t sure how much longer he could handle NOT going. He contorted further, he hadn’t ever had an accident before! Just… Just the couple times he’d wet the bed when he was a toddler, and THOSE didn’t count! How would he EVER show Frieza how tough he was if he couldn’t even hold it?

If… If there was no way to pee inside the pods, that meant they probably stopped on long trips. Yeah, Vegeta could ask for a stop. He blushed, a little embarrassed by the idea, but the alternative was so much worse!

He hit the button that he knew would allow him to speak to everyone else. “Uh—Um…” He flinched. He was used to his voice coming out loud, like father’s… He sounded so unsure of himself now.

“The communication devices are only for emergencies, ‘Prince’ Vegeta,” Frieza’s voice replied.

Vegeta crossed his legs tighter, this was definitely an emergency… “I—I know. Could we stop?”

“Stop?” Frieza repeated. “We have a schedule to keep, you know I prefer to get things done quickly. For what purpose would we need to stop?”

Vegeta winced again. Frieza was going to make him say it… His eyes started watering once more, face scorching pink.

“Vegeta, if you don’t respond, I’ll end communica—“

Vegeta panicked at the idea of his one chance being taken away. “I— I need to— I have to— I have to go…”

“Go where?”

“Mmmf… I wanna… I need to pee…” Vegeta said quietly, feeling horridly ashamed. His fantasy of frightening Frieza into submission became just that; a fantasy.

“Ah,” Frieza murmured. “Well, that’s not important enough for all of us to stop for. You may go when we arrive.”

“B—But, I— I— How much longer?” Vegeta hated how pitiful his voice sounded.

“Five minutes,” Frieza said.

That didn’t sound like too long. Vegeta could wait five more minutes.

Except, when he was SURE five minutes HAD passed, they still hadn’t arrived. Vegeta tried not to panic, time was probably just moving slowly for him because he was so uncomfortable. But, it kept dragging on and on. If it really had only been five minutes, then they were the longest five minutes of Vegeta’s life.

He continued to squirm, begging his body not to fail him. He’d never had to go this bad before. He thought about talking to Frieza again, trying to explain how much he needed a stop, but the idea of begging Frieza for something made him go still for a moment, disappointed in himself for even considering it.

“N—No, you can hold it…” Vegeta mumbled. “You can wait…”

Minutes kept ticking, and Vegeta slammed his hand on the communication button without even thinking about it.

Frieza sighed, “Vegeta… I am rather tired right now, I don’t need you pestering me.”

“How much longer?” Vegeta managed. He was so ashamed, astonished that his need was driving him to such awful lengths.

“Five minutes,” Frieza told him.

“But, you said that ages ag—“

“Goodbye, Vegeta.”

Now alone in silence once more, Vegeta focused EVERYTHING he had on holding it. It was so hard, though! It hurt! It was making him feel all dizzy, and kind of sick. When he felt himself pee a little he, again, couldn’t stop his hand from slamming the button.

“Vegeta,” Frieza’s voice was dangerous, and Vegeta shuddered. “I am trying to rest up before our mission. If you do not stop bothering me, there WILL be consequences.”

Vegeta trembled, now unsure what to say. “I— I don’t think I can wait anymore…”

“Hmmm, you CAN’T?” Frieza asked. “Poor, tiny monkey. Perhaps if you BEG me, I will consider stopping for you.”

Vegeta’s lip trembled. He didn’t beg. He did NOT beg. He was royalty, others were supposed to kneel before HIM, beg HIM for things. He really DID think he was going to have an accident soon, though… “Pl—Please, Emperor Frieza? Please? It really hurts, I… Can’t…” More things were beginning to hurt besides just his bladder. Something very deep and vital was causing him pain.

“Beg more.”

“Please!” Vegeta cried out. “Please! Please, please, please! Emperor Frieza, I will do whatever you want! Just— Please let me go?”

“… Nope, not good enough,” Frieza said.

“Ple—“

“Goodbye, Vegeta. Let me rest. If you bother me one more time, I may just have to tell your father that I no longer have a use for your planet…”

Vegeta’s whole body trembled as the communication ceased. He fought against his need with as much fervor as he’d fought against anything else, but he could only fend it off for so long. To his horror, he felt warmth seeping into his clothes and soaking the seat beneath him.

He’d lost.

When they finally arrived on the planet— which took FAR longer than five minutes— The wet spots on Vegeta’s clothing had gone completely cold. The seat in the space pod was stained, and so were Vegeta’s pants, marred with dark patches that made what had happened so obvious…

Of course, the pod didn’t contain anything for him to change into, either.

He didn’t want to get out.

He heard others shuffling around for a bit, then Frieza’s voice. “Where’s the little— Oh, the monkey brat probably can’t even open the door…” Vegeta listened as Frieza’s steps grew closer to him. He tensed up, trying to cover the damp patches. “Vegeta, weren’t you BEGGING me to stop earlier? I would have thought you’d be the first one out…” He hit something on the top of Vegeta’s pod and the door started to open. “Honestly, Vegeta. You are—“ He stopped, sniffed, and looked down at where Vegeta’s hands were.

“Hmm, perhaps your father was right… You aren’t ready for such an arduous mission if you’re unable to control your body…” Frieza murmured. Louder, he said; “Come out, Vegeta.”

Vegeta squeezed his eyes closed and shook his head.

“Come. Out. Vegeta…” Frieza hissed.

Defeated, Vegeta obeyed, crawling out of the pod. He stood before the tyrant, hands still trying to shield the evidence of his accident. This planet must have been REALLY close to a star… Vegeta had never felt so warm before, he was sweating and turning red…

“Move your hands.”

More head shaking.

“Vegeta, if you don’t do as I say—“

Vegeta followed the command. He felt disgusting, pitiful, unworthy of calling himself a Saiyan.

“Everyone,” Frieza said, much louder now, attracting the attention of the other Saiyans. “Look at this… Supposedly THIS is the proudest warrior of your race; The best your planet has to offer. Yet, he is so pathetic that he has not even mastered basic bladder control. How disappointing for you all. THIS is why you need me— Even your future king exudes nothing but weakness.”

Vegeta stared down at the ground. His head refused to lift, eyes refused to meet the gazes of the other Saiyans. The corners of his eyes burned, the backs stung. He clamped them shut. He would not cry. He would NOT cr—

“Vegeta!” Frieza snapped. “Open your eyes and look at everyone.”

Vegeta forced himself to comply. Most of the Saiyans just had blank expressions, but some of them looked sympathetic. He did not WANT sympathy. He was too wretched to deserve such things… He’d disgraced himself and his entire planet. They all should have been scorning him.

He was pathetic, worthless, a disappointment, a powerless, little weakling…

When Frieza finally got finished espousing all the ways in which Vegeta was a failure, when he finally allowed all the Saiyans to go, Vegeta ran off like he was going to join. Then, he just found a bit of foliage and hid there, sitting with his knees pulled up to his chest. He hadn’t fought ANYTHING since he’d gotten to this planet, yet he didn’t think he’d ever been in more pain than this.

Hours later, he had to pee again. He was allowed to do that now. He was next to some trees, not stuck in a pod with nowhere to go… He forced himself to get up, moving for the first time since he’d arrived. He stood at the tree, cringing at how damp his clothes still felt. He told himself to pee, but instead Frieza’s words just looped around in his head. ‘Pathetic, disappointing, weak…’

He stomped his feet and pushed hard, eyes screwed closed. He did pee after a few seconds, but it was really difficult and by the end of it, he felt worse than before, not better.

Later, they all headed back to their own planet. Vegeta was so exhausted— He didn’t even know why, considering he’d spent the day HIDING rather than fighting. He fell asleep only a few minutes into the trip. By losing consciousness, he was able to last through the voyage without a second ‘issue’. But, when they arrived and he woke up… He really, REALLY had to go, even worse than he’d needed it the day before!

He thought he could go straight to his room, where a private toilet would be waiting for him. Instead, as soon as he climbed out of his pod, Frieza was there to stop him. “Of course,” he said. “I will be discussing what happened with your father.” He stared down at Vegeta, at his twisting legs and hopping feet. “I see… He just never bothered to toilet train you, did he? Look at yourself, is that any way for a ‘warrior’ to behave?”

Vegeta tried to go still, but it hurt so bad…

“Get out of my sight, and try to learn some self control.”

Vegeta was more than willing to obey THAT command, he hurried to his room as quickly as he could. He rushed past his father, not saying a word to him— what COULD he say? The mission had been a disaster because Vegeta was WEAK.

He got to his restroom and urgently readied himself to pee. Again, all he heard were reminders that he was a failure, and he had to STRAIN to make himself go! When it finally happened, he mentally scolded himself. ‘You shouldn’t have to do this so often! No one ELSE failed to wait through that trip! You should have been able to wait! You’re supposed to be BETTER than them, you’re supposed to be— You’re supposed to—‘ His brain trailed off in a litany of self-condemnation.

‘Pathetic, frail, puny, feeble…’

He finished and just stayed there for a second.

He would NEVER allow anyone to see him that way again.

But now, someone had… Kakarot had! Kakarot was standing right there behind him as he uncontrollably voided all over himself. Kakarot was getting to witness the greatest humiliation of Vegeta’s entire life.

He knew now what his recurring dream had really been, it had been a memory, but one he’d buried down as deep as he could. Frieza’s taunting, Frieza’s SPEECH about how pathetic he was, swirled around him. How… How the Hell had he managed to FORGET it?! It was so important, it was the MOMENT all of this Hell had truly begun. The catalyst for why he’d felt the need to train his bladder, for why he’d always been too ashamed to let anyone know he needed to pee, for EVERYTHING that had led to.

Yet, for years, he’d somehow failed to remember it. Instead, he’d just forever had it in his mind that peeing was a disgraceful action, and one that was always associated with failure. Those feelings had always been there, he’d just never been able to figure out where they’d COME from. But, WHY? That was such a big thing to forget, even if he would have TRIED to force it out of his brain.

Vegeta was still gushing, and he realized now that he could probably pull himself out and start spraying into the grass instead of continuing to soak his clothes. Not that it even mattered. He was drenched, his pants clinging to him, his crotch warm and heavy with buckets of uncontainable liquid. Just like in his childhood memory, his eyes were stinging. He forced them closed. No crying. He didn’t cry. He would never cry…

Why did Kakarot have to be here for this. If Vegeta HAD to burst and do this to himself, why couldn’t he at least have had the luxury of being alone? He shouldn’t have bothered waking Kakarot up, should have just kept pacing the forest alone until he either MANAGED to relieve himself correctly or did THIS in private.

Fuck, what was Kakarot going to say? Probably scold him for holding it for so long, for not getting him sooner— “You tried to hold it through a four day trip, what did you think would happen? You could have asked me LAST night when you realized there was a problem, but you had to be stubborn about it.”

Goku watched as Vegeta lost control, skin prickling more the longer it went on. He’d seen and heard Vegeta pee a TON before, but this had to be his longest stream ever… No wonder he’d actually…

Right. Vegeta was finally peeing, but in the last way he would ever want to. THIS was bad. Once this was finally over, there was zero chance that Vegeta was gonna be okay. Goku had had a couple accidents as an adult. He’d just waited too long, or hadn’t noticed that he needed to go until it was almost too late… He always brushed it off though. He’d wet himself, and feel embarrassed for a bit, but he’d get changed and forget about it shortly after. The one time he’d wet himself in front of someone else, he’d laughed it off. It wasn’t a pleasant situation, but not the end of the world, either.

Vegeta wasn’t going to be able to handle this that well. Goku could see his body quivering and shuddering, spasming hard. He wasn’t sure if that was from humiliation, or just a natural reaction to finally urinating for the first time in so long.

The hissing noise finally stopped, rather abruptly, and Vegeta stayed where he was. Goku didn’t move either. He knew that the choices he made in the next few minutes were going to be crucial. When he tried to get Vegeta OUT of situations where he couldn’t pee in order to get him some relief, he often pretended that he couldn’t TELL Vegeta had to go. Could he get away with pretending he hadn’t realized Vegeta wet himself?

He could… Pretend to slip and fall in the mud. Then he’d say “Oh, Chi-Chi’s gonna be REAL mad if I come back all muddy… Better go wash off in the lake! Since you had to go right there, you should get cleaned up too— At least you made it though, right?”

It was dark… He really COULD act like he thought Vegeta HAD moved his clothing out of the way in time. Vegeta might believe it!

No, he’d only believe that if Goku were human… Humans could barely see in the dark. Saiyans could see perfectly well, their vision only slightly diminished by the lack of light. He could easily see the shimmering wet spots on Vegeta’s clothes. No way would Vegeta think he didn’t notice them.

Maybe Goku should… Pee himself as well, so that Vegeta wouldn’t feel alone! “See, Vegeta? You can’t feel embarrassed in front of me now, we BOTH didn’t make it!”

He could already hear the response; “I don’t need your pity, Kakarot, you moron!”

Vegeta was still kneeling there, twitching. He looked… Fragile and hurt… Goku WANTED to help him, NEEDED to help him… Not knowing what to do was shaking him to his core.

‘Maybe I should let him punch me…’ Goku thought. ‘That always cheers him right up!’

“K—Kakarot…” Vegeta said quietly, shakily.

“Vegeta…?” Goku asked, unsure of what else to say. He didn’t dare ask his friend if he was alright, the answer was obvious.

“I—I’m pathetic…” Vegeta whispered into the night. “I’m… Weak, and—“

“Hey, no,” Goku interrupted. “You didn’t pee for two days, you’re exhausted.”

“I— Kakarot, I just— I actually—“

“Two days, Vegeta…” Goku repeated. “You know that your body has limits, mine does t—“

“I’m… Not supposed to… To lose to myself…”

Goku stepped closer to him, moving warily. Suddenly, Vegeta seemed like a scared, wounded animal. “You didn’t lose, you just… Found where one of your limits is. And, hey, this might actually be…” He paused, unsure if he should finish the thought.

“What?” Vegeta demanded.

“…Maybe this is kind of a good thing,” Goku said hesitantly.

“How the HELL can this possibly be a—“

“Because… You know, you were ‘able’ to do this… I mean, I’m sure you were feeling that awful thing in your back—“

“M—Maybe…”

“And, that happens because your… stuff is moving up instead of out, right? But, this time it eventually went in the right direction— Without you having to work and force it to. So, that has to mean you’re getting better, at least a little.”

Vegeta didn’t think his body just… shattering like that meant ANYTHING was getting better. Not to mention, how bad the coldness in his chest had gotten, how it had moved EVERYWHERE, how he’d suddenly re-lived an awful memory that he’d SOMEHOW managed to keep away for years.

“K—Kakarot have you ever… Forgotten something that SHOULD have been important? And then you suddenly recall it much later?”

“Ummm…” Kakarot tapped his chin. “Oh, yeah. I forget Chi-Chi’s birthday every year, and then I remember it when Gohan gives me some flowers and says ‘Tell her they’re from you.’”

“That’s not what I meant…”

“Oh. What DID you mean, then? Let’s go the lake, you can tell me about it on the way there.”

Vegeta recounted his childhood experience to Kakarot as best as he could. It was awful trying to voice it out loud, he was giving life to the source of all his shame…

“You know all that stuff Frieza said wasn’t true, right?” Kakarot asked. “You were FOUR…”

“Even at FOUR a Saiyan warrior is supposed to have full mastery over his—“

“I’m pretty sure I wet myself TONS of times when I was four… Grandpa always just said ‘Whoops, let’s get you washed off.’ And that was it.”

What a silly, coddling thing to say… No wonder Kakarot was so soft. No wonder Kakarot… Never had trouble relieving himself… “I’m not you. I was the prince, I was supposed to be the best example of a Saiyan, and—“

“And you were four,” Kakarot repeated. “How long did you hold it for?”

“I have no idea, there wasn’t a clock. Frieza kept saying ‘five minutes’, but—“

“I don’t think Frieza could tell time,” Kakarot said. “Well, however long it was, it must have been more than ANY kid could take. You were little, that was bound to happen.”

They arrived at the lake. The waterfall actually sounded NICE to Vegeta’s ears now that he wasn’t…

Gah, he really wanted to get washed off. The sooner he’d cleaned himself up, the sooner he could pretend this hadn’t happened.

“I guess… Um… Just rinse off in the lake a bit for now, tomorrow I can take you home for a minute so you can get changed and everything…” Goku felt so out of his depth. He’d been there when Gohan had had accidents before. He’d even accidentally pushed Gohan too far once in the time chamber and CAUSED him to wet himself. Making Gohan feel better was so much easier!

There was only ONE thing that Goku knew usually cheered Vegeta up. But, would it even WORK this time? Would it be enough? How could Goku even DO it now? How could he possibly stroke the ego of a person who’d just wet themselves?

He only did it after waiting for two days…

“Wow, Vegeta, that was actually REALLY impressive,” Goku said. “You fought that SO hard until the very last second! And you managed it for two days! I can barely hold it for six hours!”

Vegeta had stepped into the lake, wishing he could go home NOW and have a proper bath. He looked up, “Kakarot, what the Hell are you talking about?”

“I’m just surprised,” Goku said. “I’ve never seen anyone wait that long before, I bet you have the strongest bladder ever!”

“Whatever you’re trying to do, it isn’t working. I’m not proud of this,” Vegeta said. “It’s… Weak. An inability. It’s not something that makes me—“

“Okay, but… Think about it this way; If you— WHEN you defeat this problem, your bladder’s still gonna be super strong. It’ll be exactly as strong, but it will do what you want. Then, you’ll have the biggest bladder in the universe and it also won’t hurt you all the time. THAT would be good, right?”

“I guess…” Vegeta said. That wasn’t ever going to HAPPEN, though. The shame was imprinted into him, he would never defeat his problem for good, only find ways to fight it in an endless battle. He paused, “Six hours…?”

“Huh?”

“You said you can barely wait for six hours,” Vegeta reminded. “That’s all?”

Goku shrugged. Up until he’d discovered his friend’s issue, he’d actually thought six hours was a pretty long time… “Er, yeah… Um… How often do you usually go?”

“That is a very personal question, Kakarot,” Vegeta grumbled. He finally decided he was as clean as he was gonna get and trudged from the lake.

“I know, I just… Are you hurting yourself, Vegeta?” Goku asked. “I get it, you don’t like it when someone worries about you, but… When you go, it’s always… a lot. And, I see you fidgeting around a whole bunch before you actually come and get me…”

“Once or twice a day is normal,” Vegeta said reluctantly.

“You mean, sometimes, you go 24 hours between—“

“That has been happening less frequently lately, but yes.”

Ouch… At least Goku kinda understood where those ‘feelings’ Vegeta had were coming from now. Of course being called worthless, pathetic and weak after having an accident would hurt someone really badly— Especially Vegeta!

Weird that he’d sort of forgotten about the whole thing, though. Goku was sure he must have TRIED to do that, but then why did the feelings stay once he’d made himself forget?

None of that made the slightest bit of sense of Goku. How could an important memory get buried, but leave all the feelings behind anyway? Sounded like something really strange had happened in Vegeta’s head.

Maybe he’d hit it really hard, like Goku had when he was a baby.
