Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*022*2023-05-18 20:59

Once they returned to the city, the dragon ball was easy to find. It had been picked up by a woman running a jewelry shop, thinking it was just a decoration. She wanted a lot of money for it, but Vegeta was able to pay. He bragged to Kakarot that Bulma gave him lots of money each week to spend on whatever he wanted.

“Wait, so you get an allowance?” Kakarot asked. “Like what Chi-Chi gives Goten?”

Vegeta glowered, “Don’t say it like that!”

“But— But that’s not fair, though! Chi-Chi doesn’t give me an allowance! I asked her, and she said it’s just for Goten since he’s a kid, but if YOU get one, then—“

“Be quiet!” Vegeta snapped. “What would someone like you even DO with money?”

“Get lots of food.”

“… Where’s the next ball?” Vegeta prompted.

Kakarot took out the radar. “Hey, it says it’s near Roshi’s place!” He said. “This should be easy!”

Vegeta hoped so. The past couple days had been so irritating. Being glued to that damn Kakarot’s side almost non-stop, his bladder still failing to follow his very simple commands, almost having that… weird breathing thing happen to him in a public place. He thought he deserved a break.

They flew off, and Vegeta had a far easier time traversing the air now. He also wasn’t constantly distracted by searching for forests anymore. His bladder actually felt comfortable for once. Hopefully they’d obtain the last ball before it decided to bother him again.

Ordinarily, he wouldn’t even think about it that much. He’d just pissed, so it would be a while before he needed it again. Two emergencies in as many days had grated on him though. He was having ‘incidents’ like this more often now. He knew that was all down to Bulma making him hydrate himself more than he ever had before, but with his ‘problem’ still a problem, his bladder filling itself up faster was not a welcome change.

What he wanted was to cut back on the water again, and only start following Bulma’s directions once he’d eradicated this asinine urination issue once and for all. Once he’d defeated it, once he was able to piss whenever he damn well pleased, THEN he’d drink however copiously Bulma wanted him to. He’d drink even more than that, just because he COULD…

He couldn’t deny that the way he’d kept himself hydrated lately WAS a good thing, though. They were now flying above the ocean. In the past, most times Vegeta did this, he’d be overwhelmed by the dry feeling in his mouth and on his tongue, fantasizing about gulping every last drop of the liquid roaring beneath him. He’d scold himself for the thoughts, reminding himself that he didn’t HAVE needs, and that drinking salt-water would only make him feel MORE thirsty. But, the sight of all that glistening fluid mixed with the sound of it sloshing was always so tantalizing.

Since he was finally drinking appropriate amounts of water, Vegeta didn’t daydream about trying to guzzle the ocean water he was flying over. But, the sight and sound of it was still doing SOMETHING to him. His stupid, suggestible bladder was pinching at him a little. Irritated, he ignored it. ‘There is no way I have to relieve myself again,’ he thought. ‘I’m waiting until this is finished and I can go home. Just forget about it.’

It was probably just a phantom urge anyway, when he looked straight ahead, rather than straight down at the water, the tingling in his bladder died down substantially.

Kakarot was lagging behind. Not wanting to give his bladder the TIME to actually fill up, Vegeta turned and shouted “Would you hurry up? I would prefer to sleep in my OWN bed tonight!”

“Sorry, Vegeta,” Kakarot said, speeding up a little. “You’re getting faster!” He added.

Vegeta knew Kakarot was only trying to placate him, to mollify his frustration a little, but… Dammit, it was definitely working. “Feh, I guess it WOULD be hard for ANYONE to keep up with MY speed… But, do try your best.”

They were off again, but before long Kakarot was moving even SLOWER. “Kakaro—“

“Ummm… Vegeta…” Kakarot said. “Could we maybe take a break?”

“Don’t tell me you’re actually getting TIRED,” Vegeta scoffed.

“No…” Kakarot said. “I just… I have to go, Vegeta…”

Vegeta scowled and turned away, dismayed when he felt heat creep up on his face. “I guess I shouldn’t even bother asking where… Didn’t you JUST piss?”

“Huh? No—“

“You did,” Vegeta rolled his eyes. “In the last city, you kept whining that you had to piss until I gave in. Then, we went back to my place, and…”

“O—Oh,” Goku said. Of course, Vegeta assumed he’d peed at Capsule Corp as well. After the show he’d put on trying to convince Vegeta to attempt the public toilet, it would only make sense that he had relieved himself already. But, he hadn’t. He hadn’t actually needed to pee then. He REALLY did now… The constant splashing of the ocean wasn’t helping at all. He rubbed his legs together for a second. “Right… But, I need to go again!”

Vegeta huffed and glanced around for half of a second— Probably even less time than that. “Well, I don’t see anything. Hold it until we get to that old pervert’s house.”

“Mmmf, okay…” Goku said worriedly. They weren’t THAT far from Roshi’s place. If he didn’t have to be subjected to the sound of running water the whole way there, it wouldn’t be that hard to make it. All those noises were getting inside his head, and they were getting inside his bladder too. He wished he HAD gone when he’d taken Vegeta home earlier, he regretted his choice not to.

They kept flying, Goku lagging behind. He tried not to complain about his urge anymore. It appeared that OTHER people needing to pee made Vegeta feel a little awkward too. His tense responses and the pinkness in his face made that obvious.

Goku had seldom flown while needing to pee. If his bladder was full, he’d stop at the first place he could and let it go. Holding it was uncomfortable and distracting, so he only did it when he had no choice. Restraining his bladder in mid-air felt noticeably different than restraining it on the ground. The difference in gravity and the lack of anything solid beneath his feet to bounce against made it all feel more precarious.

It took some time to actually work out what he could DO to soothe his bladder. Of course, he couldn’t jiggle his feet or lean against anything. He couldn’t cross his legs or hold himself, since his arms and legs needed to stay in a specific position. The most he could do was kind of rub his knees together, and that didn’t help very much. He thought about just going in the water. There wasn’t anywhere else to pee, so what else could he do?

“V—Vegeta?” He called. “I have to stop… I’ll just pee in the water, okay?”

Vegeta froze. “Kakarot, that’s revolting!” He turned, scowling. “We’re not that far away, can’t you just contain yourself for half an hour?”

Goku frowned. He didn’t think it was THAT gross to pee in the ocean. The fish were all doing it, weren’t they? A moment’s consideration was all it took for Goku to figure out that that WASN’T what Vegeta was annoyed about.

Goku thought he could guess what was on Vegeta’s mind pretty easily sometimes. He had a hard time doing that with most people, but Vegeta was different. He was easy for Goku to read. Right now, he was thinking something like, ‘If it were ME in this situation, the ocean wouldn’t even BE an option! He thinks he’s better at pissing than I am! He’s gonna show that off!’

Of course, Goku wouldn’t be showing off, he just really had to pee and needed to do it SOMEWHERE. And, he didn’t think he was somehow ‘better’ at peeing than Vegeta was. Vegeta probably KNEW all of that deep down as well, it just didn’t make a difference in how he FELT.

Goku tried to hold it until they reached Roshi’s place, but his bladder was really hurting him. He was moving sluggishly, which he knew was just irritating Vegeta further, and the ocean below him just kept getting louder. When he eventually felt himself leak a bit, he realized he probably wasn’t going to make it.

He had to go very soon.

So, he’d have to somehow change how Vegeta FELT about him doing that.

“Mmmf…” Goku whined. “Vegetaaaaa….”

Vegeta stopped and spun to face him. “Kakarot, just—“

“I can’t!” Goku said. “M—My bladder’s just not as big as yours is!”

Vegeta sighed, face reddening as he turned slightly away from him.

“You can wait WAY longer than me,” Goku continued. “I know you think it’s ridiculous that I have to pee again already, but that’s just because your bladder’s the strongest one ever.”

Vegeta turned around the rest of the way. “… Fine, just go,” he muttered. “Make it fast.”

Breathing a sigh of relief, Goku turned as well and started to undo his pants. Right away, a thick stream started to spatter into the water, the hiss mixing with the sloshing of the ocean. Phew… That was much better. The tight bands around his midsection all broke apart, replaced with the pleasant tingling of his release.

Vegeta tried not to listen to it. He THOUGHT that would be easy, since the ocean was loud enough on its own. Still, the distinct trickle of Kakarot relieving himself was detectable. And once he HAD noticed it, he couldn’t STOP noticing it. For whatever reason, he felt as embarrassed as he would have if HE’D been the one urinating in the middle of the ocean like that, unable to hold it in for a measly thirty minutes.

He REALLY wished that Kakarot would stop SIGHING like that. It sounded so… Obvious. Even though there weren’t any other people near them, Vegeta cringed at the thought of someone else overhearing those ridiculous noises. He blushed hard, unsure why HE was the one feeling humiliated now, especially when he knew that Kakarot didn’t have it in him to feel ashamed himself.

“Ahhh…” Kakarot breathed out.

‘Hurry the Hell up…’ Vegeta thought. ‘And be quiet! I don’t care how good it feels for you to piss! I—‘ The earlier twinges from his own bladder had returned, and they were far more insistent. ‘Dammit— You’re going to make me—‘

He couldn’t deny it from himself anymore, he needed to go. Being surrounded by water for ages, and then having to listen to Kakarot void his bladder had put the power of suggestion in his mind, and now his middle was throbbing, pressure mounting.

They needed to finish this soon.

Kakarot was almost done, at least. He was putting his clothes back together, turning to smile at Vegeta. “Thanks!” He said. “I couldn’t wait anymore.”

“Yeah, that’s great,” Vegeta sighed. “Are we close to the ball yet?”

“Oh, right…” Goku had sort of forgotten about that, focusing so much more on trying to hold his pee and get to Roshi’s house so he could use the toilet. He took out the radar, and his smile broadened. “Yep! It should be somewhere right around here, under the water.”

Vegeta felt a hint of relief then. Almost done… He waited for Kakarot to dive in, but he didn’t.

“You wanna look for it?” Kakarot asked.

Vegeta stared at him for a moment, silent. The quiet made the ocean feel louder to his ears, which in turn made his bladder convulse harder. He rubbed his legs together and ordered himself to just ignore that.

“Or…” Kakarot said. “Did you want me to do it this time? I just wanted to make sure, so you don’t think I’m—“

“Kakarot… You literally JUST pissed there!” Vegeta snapped. “Why would I go swimming in your piss?!”

Kakarot shrugged— He actually fucking— “The fish are peeing in it all the time.”

“The fish aren’t YOU!” Vegeta yelled. “Now, GO GET THE BALL!”

Kakarot jumped slightly, then dove under the water. Vegeta scowled down at it. Kakarot was brainless, absolutely brainless…

And he’d better hurry the Hell up, Vegeta was starting to get kind of—

No. He wasn’t getting desperate. It hadn’t been THAT long since he’d last peed. He was fine. The water was just getting on his nerves was all. Once he was away from it, his bladder would calm down.

Kakarot re-emerged from beneath the water, holding the dragon ball. “Got it!” He announced.

“Good,” Vegeta said. “Glad that tedium is over with. Let’s—“ He broke off. He’d been about to order Kakarot to just teleport him home again. But, if he did that, Kakarot would think he’d worn himself out just by flying for a few hours— Unacceptable.

Worse, Kakarot might guess that he wanted to get home quickly because his bladder was making him uncomfortable again— Even more unacceptable. He’d already gotten Kakarot to transport him home for that ONCE today, he wasn’t going to do it a second time. That would just be pathetic. Instant transmission was a last resort, and since at the moment his bladder was merely ANNOYING him, rather than actively trying to kill him, he didn’t need anything from Kakarot.

“Let’s fly back to Bulma,” Vegeta said.

“We will,” Kakarot said. “But, since we’re out this way, I should go say hi to Master Roshi.”

“MUST we do that?” Vegeta sighed.

Kakarot nodded, “I haven’t seen him in a while, and I wanted to ask him something. You can go home now if you want.”

“Why would I need to go home?” Vegeta resumed flying in the direction of Roshi’s place. “I could keep moving all day.”

Kakarot shrugged and followed after him. “Just sounded like you were getting bored.”

“Of course I’m bored, you’ve been so slow!”

“That’s just because I had to pee!”

“Well, what’s your excuse now? I bet I could beat you the rest of the way there!” Vegeta didn’t bother to wait for Kakarot’s response, immediately speeding up and flying as fast as he could. The wind was a little chilly near the water, and it stung his face the faster he moved. It was battering other parts of his body, too. The small tremors were going right to his bladder, and he tensed his thighs to quell his building urge.

Before long, Kakarot had caught up to him and surpassed him. Frustrated, Vegeta pushed himself harder to keep up. His abdomen ached, liquid sloshing and urging him to slow back down to regain control over it. He ignored it, beating Kakarot was more important

They landed on Roshi’s island at about the same time, but Vegeta was quick to declare that HE’D gotten there first. His voice cracked a little as he did so, because it had been a rough landing. He was so eager to best Kakarot that he hadn’t paid any mind to how gently he let his feet touch the sand— So, he basically just slammed down, which his bladder didn’t appreciate one bit. He still felt like it was being shaken as several more seconds passed and Kakarot started up a conversation with the old man.

“What brings you out here today, Goku?” Roshi asked.

“Vegeta and me were gathering the dragon balls,” Kakarot said. “And, we got them all, but since we were here, I figured I should say hello.”

“Ah, one of them was out my way, huh?” Roshi said. “Wish I’d found it first…”

Vegeta tuned them out. He’d thought the sound of the ocean would be less grating once they got to the island, but the constant splashes against the shore were actually worse. More aggravating was the fact Vegeta just had to stand there— not showing any signs of neediness— while he knew a toilet was available just inside Roshi’s house.

Yes, it was available. But, not usable. Roshi would know PRECISELY what he was going inside for, for one thing. And, more importantly, Vegeta would still bet money that Roshi had a hidden camera SOMEWHERE in his bathroom. Krillin still lived here with Eighteen after all, and there was no way Roshi wouldn’t at least TRY to get footage of her bathing.

The only reason there WOULDN’T be a camera in Roshi’s restroom right now would be if Eighteen had already discovered it and destroyed it. Seeing as how Roshi still had all of his limbs intact, Vegeta had to assume Eighteen just hadn’t found it, and that it was still there.

Vegeta pressed his legs together, subtly squeezing his thighs. Gah, he wished that his ears had an off-switch. If listening to running water wasn’t so irritatingly effective on him, he was sure he’d barely even need to go now. How could HE be so easily manipulated by a SOUND? How could his body react so much to a simple noise?!

He considered trying to train himself out of this. He thought that maybe, when he was at home and able to relieve himself whenever he pleased, he should wait until he was desperate, go to the restroom, and FORCE himself to listen to the sink gush for a few minutes before he let himself void. If he did that enough, his body would get used to it, it would cease to be swayed like this. He wouldn’t feel his urgency increase so rapidly anytime he was near a body of water.

But then, Vegeta thought better of it. Sometimes, the effect running water had on him could be a useful tool, after all. If he listened to it when he was TRYING to go, it could help him release. If that stopped working, he’d have one less attack to use against his problem.

So, he’d just have to endure the discomfort those noises were causing him now. He also tried to pretend that Roshi simply just didn’t OWN a toilet, and therefor there weren’t any places around here he could even TRY to pee. Hell, as far as he was concerned, Roshi DIDN’T have a toilet. He couldn’t use it, so it may as well have not existed.

Slosh… Slosh…

The ocean continued to lap at the shore, and Vegeta wished he could just blow the entire thing up somehow without destroying the planet. The liquid trapped in his body kept moving in time with each splash, his opening stinging every couple seconds. He shuffled his feet a little, hands balling into fists. His tolerance was fading away rapidly.

Vegeta thought Kakarot had spent ENOUGH time yammering with that old man, so he cleared his throat. He didn’t want Kakarot to notice the CAUSE of his impatience, he still wasn’t at the point where he was considering that the fool’s assistance might be necessary. He begrudgingly accepted that Kakarot probably WOULD notice, though. The idiot could be annoyingly perceptive when he wanted to be.

Kakarot glanced over at Vegeta for a second— If even THAT long— then his gaze went back to Roshi. “Well, we’ve gotta go give the dragon balls to Bulma now,” he said. “It was nice catching up with you!”

“See you,” Roshi said.

Kakarot flew off and Vegeta followed him. Ouch… His bladder did NOT appreciate him taking flight at all. It pulsed and shuddered, forcing him to tense his thighs even more since that was the ONLY thing he could really do when he was in the air.

Kakarot slowed, “You wanna teleport the rest of the way back?”

Vegeta huffed, “You honestly think a long flight is too exhausting for me?!”

“No… But, uh, I DO think that you really need to pee.”

Vegeta grimaced. Of course he’d been able to tell. Vegeta hadn’t even felt himself shivering back there, what had given him away?!

“Hey, it’s alright,” Kakarot said. “Listening to the ocean made ME have to go too, remember? So, if you wanna go home now—“

“No,” Vegeta said. “It’s— It’s not that bad, I can get there on my own.” He was NOT going to rely on Kakarot’s teleportation for a SECOND time today. If he appeared in front of Bulma and had to rush straight to their bedroom AGAIN…

“Okay,” Kakarot said. “If you’re sure…”

“Of course I’m sure!” Vegeta snapped. “Now, pick up the pace!” Even after he’d made that order, HE was still the one moving the slowest. His bladder was weighing him down substantially, and his feet started to kick oddly behind him, messing up his form. He was TRYING to keep them straight, but the pangs of need made that really difficult.

Finally, Kakarot slowed again. “Vegeta…”

“I’m fine!” Vegeta insisted. “Keep moving!” He wouldn’t admit it, but he was a little concerned that if he paused now, he wouldn’t be able to move again…

Kakarot glanced around, “You know, there’s nobody out here… It’s just us. I don’t sense ANYTHING.”

Vegeta came to a stop, floating in the air beside Kakarot and trying not to fidget his legs around. He failed miserably at that, and his knees continually rubbed together. “Your point…?”

“If you wanna just go in the water, like I did…”

“No— That’s— That’s too obvious!” Vegeta said. This area was so… Open… He could go outside, but always BEHIND something. Even if no one was out here to watch him, the vast expanse of the ocean was just—

“Nobody’s gonna see…” Kakarot reiterated. “I’ll turn the other way. Oh, just make sure you pay attention to the wind this far out at sea! I forgot that earlier, and—“

“Stop talking.”

Kakarot managed to remain quiet for about ten seconds. “You look… Real uncomfortable.”

“Which is why I want to hurry up and get home. Now, come O—“

“Would it be better if you went UNDER the water?” Like, while you’re swimming? So you’re covered…?”

Vegeta turned away. He HAD managed to pee for a few seconds while submerged in water during their camping trip. But, not only had he failed to actually finish, it had felt pretty revolting. “That’s disgusting, Kakarot. I’m not going to swim in— In my own—“

“Then, do you want me to bring you straight home?” Kakarot offered again. “I think your bladder might be worn out, you held it too long two times in a row, and now you’re gonna do it a third ti—“

“Kakarot, I’m fine.”

“Then move your knees apart.”

“And what’s THAT supposed to mean?!”

“Do it,” Kakarot said. “If you’re okay, then move your knees apart and keep your hands behind your back.”

“FINE,” Vegeta slowly edged his legs away from one another and clasped his hands behind his back. His bladder seared and the splattering water below him seemed to grow louder and louder. It began to feel like he was holding in an ocean of his own. “Nnnh—“ he twitched, legs starting to inch towards each other again, hands spasming. His middle felt heavy and painful, a pulse of urgency flared at his tip, then it started to sting and pinch, like how he felt when he was about to— “Gah—!”

Frantically, Vegeta turned away from Kakarot and started to get his clothing apart.

“You’re gonna—“

“Shut up, Kakarot!” Vegeta barked, freeing himself and aiming for the water below him. Nothing happened, of course. Just more searing throbs and an even more urgent desire for relief that wouldn’t come. Everything was so wide open, he wasn’t concealed at all. It didn’t matter that the only person around was Kakarot, he felt way too exposed.

Why wasn’t Kakarot saying anyth—

Oh, right. He’d just shouted at him NOT to.

“Kakarot…?” He prompted, face burning with awkwardness.

To his credit, Kakarot didn’t force him to ask. Unfortunately, he also decided to be… Himself about it. “Alright, Vegeta, you can do this! You’ve got the biggest bladder in the universe, let’s see if you can overflow the ocean!”

“Kakarot!” Vegeta felt himself blushing up to his ears.

“Well, I bet you could!” Kakarot added. “No one else would be able to, but you could! You’re so strong that—“

Dammit…

DAMMIT, that actually worked! Vegeta had finally started to urinate as Kakarot tried to convince him that he could piss enough to overflow an ocean. Why did THAT have to work?!

No, he decided Kakarot’s words had nothing to do with his sudden ability to empty himself. He would have begun to pee at that moment regardless of what Kakarot had said.

As his flow increased in both speed and intensity, Vegeta wondered if Kakarot was actually right and he COULD overflow the ocean somehow. The drop in pressure taking place inside his body was incredible, and his knees started to go a little wobbly.

He remembered that he was, in fact, flying at the moment when he noticed that he was starting to lower. The relief was breaking his concentration, and he had to remember to focus so that he didn’t just fall in the ocean— He shuddered at the thought, how humiliating would THAT be? In front of Kakarot, no less!

After a few minutes of continuous gushing, Vegeta’s stream slowed down again and eventually stopped. He put his clothes back together and turned around. Kakarot had, indeed, faced in the opposite direction the entire time. Vegeta realized he hadn’t felt the need to look behind himself to check. He’d just… He’d trusted that Kakarot wouldn’t look.

“Done?” Kakarot asked, turning around. “Were you able to fini—“

“Yes.”   

Kakarot smiled, “Good job, Vege—“

“STOP SAYING THAT.”

“But, it helps you,” Kakarot pointed out.

Vegeta grumbled to himself. It DID, but it shouldn’t have…

The rest of the flight back to Capsule Corp was uneventful. Vegeta mostly tried to forget about what had just transpired, like he did EVERY time. Of all the things that could possibly ‘help’ him with this infuriating problem, he wished it could be something other than Kakarot cheering him on. It worked, and he was glad SOMETHING did, but that didn’t mean he had to LIKE it.

They arrived, and handed the dragon balls over to Bulma.

“I still don’t know what you want them for,” Vegeta said. “But, there you go.”

Bulma looked Vegeta over for signs of discomfort. She thought she’d gotten pretty good at noticing when he had to pee. He seemed fine now, but was certain that DIDN’T mean he’d tried to use a public toilet. From what Goku had said, Bulma shouldn’t hope for that for a long, long time.

But, maybe he’d expanded his comfort zone at least a little bit the last few days. She thought that wasn’t too much to hope for.

