Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*012*2023-03-16 20:48

Somehow, Vegeta was able to fall asleep after all of that. The whole time he and Kakarot had been walking back, Kakarot was doing absolutely EVERYTHING to convince Vegeta that what he’d done hadn’t been that bad. “Wait, hang on— Whenever you almost die, you get stronger, don’t you? So maybe after what happened, your bladder’s gonna be even stronger now. That’s good, right?”

Nothing Kakarot said could make ANY of it better, though. And it got grating. Even so, Vegeta wasn’t sure how he would have PREFERRED Kakarot to react. His overly cheerful attitude about the whole thing was as irritating as could be. But, Vegeta certainly didn’t want Kakarot to make fun of him, or taunt him in the way Frieza had in his memory. He also didn’t think he could have handled walking in total silence, either.

The next morning, Vegeta learned that Kakarot’s hypothesis about his bladder getting LARGER following his disgrace must have been wrong. In fact, the opposite seemed to be true. The second his eyes cracked open, he registered that he was BURSTING. What the Hell?! In the past, no matter HOW long he’d waited, his bladder always behaved normally afterwards. It didn’t NEED time to recover and build back its strength.

He didn’t want to subject himself to any further torment so soon. Kakarot had promised to take him home so he could… Clean himself off a little better, anyway. He could relieve himself without having to say anything about it.

Goku got up a few minutes later, seeing Vegeta sitting up uncomfortably, shoulders shuddering. He looked like he really had to go again. That shouldn’t have been a surprise— Everyone had to pee when they woke up, right? He just wasn’t used to seeing Vegeta get twitchy like that until a REALLY long time had passed since he’d last gone.

Vegeta no longer appeared wet, everything had dried off in the night. When Goku got closer, he realized he still sort of smelled like he’d had an accident… Vegeta probably didn’t want the specifics of ‘last night’ to ever be mentioned again, so Goku tried to avoid them. “Still wanna go home for a bit?”

“Immediately.”

“Okay,” Goku held Vegeta’s shoulder and concentrated. He picked up on Bulma easily, and knew Vegeta wouldn’t want to see her until after he’d bathed, any lingering scent of his accident gotten rid of. He decided to search for Bulma’s father instead and, locating him, transported the both of them to his side.

“You’re trying to give an old man a heart-attack?” Dr. Brief asked.

“Nope,” Goku said. “Vegeta… Wants…” He paused, he really should have thought of an excuse BEFORE coming here. He noticed Vegeta was staying oddly close to his side, almost trying to shield himself, face flaming, hands clenching and unclenching into fists. “He got uncomfortable not being able to take a bath. I mean, I don’t get it, but—“

“Figured he would,” Dr. Brief said. “He never takes those gloves off—“

“They are to protect my fists when I pound them against your skull!” Vegeta muttered.

Goku looked at Vegeta confusedly, he hadn’t expected him to get defensive over THAT. Though, he too had often wondered why Vegeta had those gloves on constantly. It made sense when he was fighting, Goku had accidentally burned his palms with his own chi blasts before, the gloves probably stopped that from happening as much. Vegeta seldom EVER removed them. “Let’s g—“

“I— I don’t need you to WALK me,” Vegeta snapped. “I am perfectly capable of doing that myself!” Most importantly, he just didn’t want Kakarot on the other side of the door since his bladder was still nudging at him, shouting that he really DID have to go again already.

He went to his bedroom, relieved to see Bulma wasn’t in it. He… Didn’t think he could face her right now. Somehow, she’d take one look at him and just… Know. He needed to FORGET about last night, the weight of it was resting so heavily in his chest. It was like he was still trying to wrap his head around the fact that it had even HAPPENED. Even as it replayed itself in an endless, mortifying loop, he could barely grasp that he’d actually done that. It seemed so impossible, that he could ever be reduced to such a deplorable state.

Once in the restroom, Vegeta stood at the toilet. He was honestly a tad disturbed by how badly he needed to use it. It had not been enough time to warrant this level of discomfort. Perhaps he hadn’t actually ‘finished’ last night when he’d…

Dammit. He was thinking about it again. Why couldn’t his brain just bury that memory for a while? Like it had done with his FIRST… His first awful, disgraceful, pathetic little incident.

He took a deep breath and tried to pee. It only took a moment for it to begin pouring, and—

FUCKFUCKFUCK! HOTHOTHOTHOTHOT! “Fff—!” Vegeta gritted his teeth against a shout of agony. He felt like he was pissing out a mixture of lava and needles, and— FUCK! His pain tolerance was something he was proud of, but there was one part of his body that was FAR more sensitive than the rest, and now he was spraying acid out of it!

He looked down at his stream, and noticed a pink tinge to his urine. This wasn’t the first time he’d seen that happen, it had also occurred after Namek. Except the major difference HERE was that Frieza hadn’t just punched him in the kidneys over and over for several minutes. He hadn’t been too shocked by the sight of blood in his urine after that. He was now. Nothing had happened to justify it.

Although he couldn’t understand why urination had suddenly become painful, or why there was blood, he tried not to get overly concerned. He trusted whatever this was to heal quickly, it usually didn’t take him too long to recover from injuries If it persisted, he was sure a senzu bean would fix it, though he hoped it didn’t come to that. He didn’t want to have to ask for one when he didn’t have a single visible mark on him.

He finished peeing, his opening still flaring with stinging pulses. He told himself that since the pink tinge to his urine was so light, that meant whatever was wrong with him wasn’t THAT bad. It was probably over now, anyway. He’d gotten it out of his system.

Vegeta finally took the hot bath he’d been needing, but the warm water ceased to be pleasant rather quickly. He was accustomed to having his bladder fill up slowly and gradually, only causing him any serious discomfort after he’d been restraining it for a while. He wasn’t in the bath for that long before he was feeling the urge to fidget around. There hadn’t been any of that build-up of pressure that he was used to. Just, one second he was fine, and the next his bladder was throbbing.

Ridiculous.

When he got out of the tub, he considered NOT using the toilet again. He’d JUST gone, his body was being a moron! His bladder had NO business whining to him for relief again so soon, especially after what it had done to him last night!

It was the memory of last night that prompted to Vegeta to go anyway. For whatever reason, his body was behaving in a deeply peculiar way, and he wasn’t about to let it humiliate him again.

The second time he peed hurt just as bad as the first, and the coloration wasn’t changing, either. “Hfff—Nnng…” Vegeta’s eyes widened and his teeth clenched. Was this his punishment for the crimes he’d committed under Frieza? Having to endure a sensation that felt like getting stabbed repeatedly all down the length of his dick? His toes twitched and he rocked on his heels, more uncomfortable now that he WAS peeing than he’d been when he was still holding it!

It would heal, he reminded himself. There was no need to get worked up about it. There was definitely no need to TELL anyone.

So, when he finally found Kakarot, whom commented that he looked really pale, Vegeta insisted that he was fine; Because he WAS fine, he just happened to feel a little weird was all.

“You wanna go back?” Kakarot asked. “I, uh… I promise I’ll bring you here whenever you need me t—“

“Just take me back,” Vegeta interrupted. The words ‘You need me’ were revolting to his ears.

When they reappeared outside, Gohan, Chi-Chi and the kids were all up. “Where’d you go, Dad?” Goten asked.

“We were running out of bait,” Goku said automatically. “You wanna be able to go fishing again today, right?”

“Yeah!” Goten nodded excitedly. “After you and Vegeta fight!”

“Heh, okay,” Goku said. “Let’s go somewhere with a bit more space, though.”

As they walked down the trail, Vegeta buzzed with eagerness. After he’d… After ‘last night’, he was dying to do something that would remind him of how powerful he actually was. Any task that would help to teach his body that it actually didn’t HAVE any limitations was very welcome now. It needed to learn its lesson; Vegeta was in charge of it, and it had to do whatever he said. No more misbehaving, no more humiliations, no more disobedience.

He felt a little strange, however. His abdomen was extraordinarily sore, in a way he only ever experienced after he’d ALREADY fought a tough battle. A deep ache weighed heavily inside him, and he was really warm. He’d been to planets before that were orbiting very close to a star, a lot closer than Earth was to its Sun, and he felt like he was back on one of those again. The unusual heat was making him dizzy, and he had the most powerful urge to just… Shut his eyes and lay down.

He wouldn’t do that, though. Forfeiting a match because he was a little tired was beyond the realm of things he could ever forgive himself for. He just hadn’t slept that well last night, of course he hadn’t. He’d fought while groggy before and been FINE. He’d be okay today, too.

If the air around him would cool down a few thousand degrees that would probably help, too. With some dismay, he observed everyone walking alongside him. Kakarot did not seem bothered by the intense heat for some reason. Neither did Gohan, the kids, or even Chi-Chi. Vegeta hadn’t even thought he was THAT sensitive to extreme heat, how could he be handling a Summer day worse than a mere HUMAN was?

Everyone else was walking like the heat surrounding them WASN’T enough to bring their blood to a boil. Meanwhile, Vegeta felt himself sweating buckets as he struggled to see straight. His throat was constricting, his ears ringing, his bladder—

Dammit.

He seriously had to go AGAIN?!

That was impossible, he decided. It couldn’t have even been thirty minutes since the last time! His urethra was STILL burning in the aftermath of that torture. He could NOT actually need it again so soon. And, even if he DID, there wasn’t much he could DO about that now. Not until after he’d defeated Kakarot and the two of them got to be alone for a few minutes.

He tried to ignore the confusingly intense pangs rippling through his aching midsection. The sudden headache adding itself to his myriad of complaints demanded more of his attention, anyway. That and the knots his stomach was beginning to tie itself into.

What the Hell WAS this?! It was as though, since his bladder had managed to betray him so totally, the REST of his body wanted to give it a try as well. Every bit of it pulling out all the stops to see JUST how uncomfortable it could make him feel. It enraged him, fury intensifying the effect the heat was already having on him.

They reached a pretty wide open area, where hopefully they wouldn’t do too much damage if they sparred a little. Goku turned to ask Vegeta if he was ready, but hesitated. Vegeta was REALLY pale, sweat visible on his brow, eyelids drooping. Goku assumed he’d slept pretty poorly last night and must have been tired now, but wasn’t sure if that could account for all of it.

Well… Now that Goku was thinking about it, considering how aggressive Vegeta’s ‘problem’ was for him, he must have been extra careful about how much he had to drink— Particularly during the last couple days. He was probably just really dehydrated.

There was a small lake near them… “I’m thirsty,” he said. “Let’s drink some first.”

Vegeta followed Kakarot over to the lake, not intending to have any water himself. His bladder was behaving so bizarrely that he was wary of giving his body ANY liquid. But, he was SO warm, his throat was convulsing and felt like it was made of sand-paper, and Kakarot was loudly sloshing water into his mouth and swallowing, and— And it would feel so good to—

Vegeta tore off his gloves, cringing at how slick and sweaty they felt, and knelt beside the lake. He dipped his hands into the water, his fingers immediately turning to ice at the contact, but he didn’t mind. The rest of him was still burning up.

’Only a few sips,’ he told himself. However, after a couple swallows, the desire for more was too much, and he was still scooping handfuls of water into his mouth long after Kakarot had stopped. The fervor with which he drank startled him, he’d been unaware of how truly dire his thirst had become until he’d started trying to satiate it.

When his tongue no longer felt dried out, Vegeta forced himself to stop. He was all too aware of how much he’d be regretting that soon. He could sort of feel the fluid sloshing in his stomach now.

Goku felt a bit of a need to reassure his friend, to tell him not to worry, promise him that he’d bring him somewhere private again the second that water wanted back out. Vegeta had made it VERY clear that Goku was NOT allowed to be the first one to bring up his problem, though.

Goku supposed Vegeta looked a LITTLE better now that he’d had some water. His eyes were less sunken in, anyway. He was still sweating, still looked sleepy. He knew neither of those things would keep Vegeta from battling so, confident that he’d perked him up enough to turn this into a FAIR fight, Goku asked if he was ready to start.

In the seconds since he’d finished loading up on water, the unbearable heat had begun to push against Vegeta again. His bladder was still buzzing with a disturbing amount of need, occasionally spasming at random intervals, making him clench his thighs a little. And his stomach felt… Off. Probably just a result of the dizziness that still hadn’t faded. That would all go away soon, he’d just been really thirsty… “Of course, Kakarot. And don’t think I’m gonna go easy on you just because your children are watching!”

But, Vegeta DID go easy on him, despite his best efforts NOT to. The way his surroundings kept twirling as he flew around made his reaction time LEAGUES slower than it typically was. Trying to watch and pay attention to the directions Kakarot moved in made his headache worsen, and the spinning intensify.

His urge to urinate had increased at an alarming rate, and he kept needing to push his legs together when he was hit by sudden throbbing pulses. Sweat kept getting in his eyes, blurring his vision further, and his throat had started to close in again. The worst pain was in his stomach, though. It had managed to contort itself into MORE knots, and was doing flips inside him now. All of that combined and Vegeta was more focused on just trying to remember which direction was DOWN than on actually hitting Kakarot with anything.

When Kakarot landed a punch to his gut, Vegeta doubled over on himself, hacking. He finally felt cold instead of blisteringly hot, but his body continued to coat itself in sweat anyway. He was so horridly dizzy, he desperately wanted to be on the ground, to feel something solid beneath him, to give him SOME indication of which way was up. His vision was fraying around the edges, the world going dark. He gagged again, putting a hand over his mouth.

He felt that same, awful out-of-control sensation from last night, but this time it seemed to be moving upwards, accompanied by a wicked twisting in his stomach. He had to get back on the ground, if he could just remember which way that was, if he could just SEE straight— He had to— He could not allow his body to betray him in front of Kakarot again!

“Wait. Vegeta…?” Kakarot was saying, but his voice sounded really far away.

Vegeta struggled to the ground. He’d intended to rush behind a bush first, but he’d run out of time. He lurched again and, going to his knees, he began to vomit into the grass.

Goku stared down, eyes widening. “Whoa— I didn’t think that I—“ He stopped himself. He’d been about to say that he hadn’t hit his friend THAT hard, but knew the anger such a statement would unleash. Besides, it no longer looked like Vegeta’s sudden bout of nausea was from getting punched in the stomach. He was ghostly white, wracked with shudders and, when Goku put a hand to Vegeta’s shoulder, he could feel that he was burning up.

If all of that hadn’t been proof enough that Vegeta was really sick, the way he did not immediately jerk away from Goku’s touch and start yelling at him certainly was.

“I— I must have cooked the fish wrong last night!” Goku said. “I’m sorry!” Though, he wasn’t sure if that was the case. No one else was sick, and HE felt fine…

Trunks approached them nervously, “Is Dad okay?”

“I think he’s just got some food poisoning,” Goku told him. “Vegeta, you okay now? I’m gonna take you home, unless you wanna stay here— Teleporting can make you dizzy, so I just wanna make s—“

“Home is fine, Kakarot…” Vegeta said.

He REALLY wasn’t feeling good, he hadn’t shouted at Goku for acting too concerned, he hadn’t demanded what he wanted…

Goku looked for Bulma’s chi, and hurriedly transported himself and Vegeta as soon as he’d locked onto it.

Bulma stepped back in surprise, but before she said anything to Goku, her attention immediately went to Vegeta. His sallow complexion made it very apparent that he was ill. And Vegeta didn’t handle sickness well.

When he’d first started living here, he’d caught diseases often. His immune system wasn’t used to him being in an Earth city, wasn’t accustomed to any of the viruses that existed there. He basically caught EVERYTHING, and there were a couple months where it would have been easier to count the days where he DIDN’T have a fever.

Naturally, every time he WAS unwell, he’d refuse to ADMIT that to himself or anyone else. He’d continue to train and push himself in spite of his body NEEDING rest. Twice, he’d made himself collapse because he’d insisted he could ‘work through the pain’ and continue his usual regimen, regardless of the terrible flu he was dealing with.

Since he always took such awful care of himself, he inevitably made whatever illness he had WORSE, sometimes doubling the amount of time he ended up needing to stay in bed. He’d complain loudly every time Bulma said “Your temperature is still too high, you are NOT working out until I can touch your forehead without getting burned.”

He did such a horrendous job of managing his own illnesses that Bulma had mostly stopped asking him about his gloves. Whatever reason he had to leave them on constantly, there needed to be SOME way to minimize the number of times he came down with something that should have left him bed-ridden, only for him to shout some nonsense about being ‘unstoppable’— Then passing out in his gravity chamber because he’d tried to train with a ridiculously high fever.

Clearly, he’d done something similar again.

“Bulma, Vegeta’s not feeling good,” Goku said. “He got really sick while we were fighting.”

When Vegeta did not immediately start to protest, yell that he was ‘fine’, claim that he’d been ‘winning up until then’, Bulma knew his illness must have been serious.

Vegeta was also… Squirming. His ankles bouncing as he tried to wipe sweat from his brow.

‘Wait, that’s right,’ Bulma thought. ‘Vegeta, you idiot, why would you even GO on that trip? No wonder you feel terrible, you’ve been holding it this entire time, haven’t you?’

“I figure it’s something he ate,” Goku said.

‘Doubt it,’ Bulma thought.

“K—Kakarot, do you have any senzu beans?” Vegeta managed to ask. He was ashamed, but also utterly exhausted. His body was just… Broken. He needed to get it put back together again.

“They can’t cure—“

“Give,” Vegeta demanded, dismayed by the lack of firmness in his tone.

“O—Okay…” Goku said. He handed a bean to Bulma. “I guess you can try giving him that later if he doesn’t get any better.”

“Alright,” Bulma said, though SHE was certain Vegeta would make quite the miraculous recovery after he had a few minutes of privacy.

Goku nodded, “Gohan and I’ll keep Trunks outta trouble,” he said. “Get well soon, Vegeta!”

If every last piece of his body didn’t feel like it was made of paper-mache and dust, Vegeta would have made damn sure Kakarot knew what he thought of that coddling tone.

“I’m sure he’ll be fine,” Bulma said.

As soon as Goku had left, she turned to Vegeta and sighed. “Okay, I’m gonna go… Make soup for you. You just rest in bed. Will you be okay BY YOURSELF for a little bit?”

“F—Fine,” Vegeta managed, knees knocking together. Bulma had expected him to look a bit more relieved at her words, but he was still pale, shaking and tense.

‘Well, he’s been holding it for around three days now, so he’s probably forgotten what ‘relieved’ even feels like…’ Bulma thought. She left quickly, certain that Vegeta would suddenly be back to normal by the time she returned.

She felt silly making him soup when she didn’t think he was really sick, and instead simply needed the bathroom worse than she could imagine possible. Saiyans WERE just perpetually hungry, though. He’d definitely still eat it.

As she prepared the soup, she thought about Vegeta’s ‘problem’ and how idiotic it was of him to go off on a camping trip anyway. But then again, he’d spent YEARS out in space, surely he’d gone even LONGER without access to proper, private restroom facilities before. Obviously he’d managed that somehow. Considering what Vegeta DID in those days, she wouldn’t be THAT shocked if he’d ever decimated an entire planet just to get some privacy in which to relieve himself.

Meanwhile, Vegeta was in the restroom, struggling to go. This time, he was not at all concerned with someone overhearing. The door was locked, he WAS alone. He just… He KNEW that this was going to hurt again, and he was dreading it. He couldn’t even decide if the bloated feeling in his bladder was worse than how awful it suddenly felt to empty it. He REALLY hoped the senzu bean fixed whatever the Hell this was. He wished Bulma hadn’t left with it.

Finally, the walls of his abused bladder started to squeeze and boiling hot, liquid agony shot out of him. “Fff—Fuck…” He moaned. He suddenly wished he could urinate out of a DIFFERENT body part, one that wasn’t so delicate and sensitive to pain. He KNEW he could handle shooting burning stuff out of his hands…

He finished in under a minute, to his dismay. There hadn’t been much in him! Why had he felt like he was gonna burst anyway?

He left the restroom and collapsed onto the bed. He really WAS exhausted, and if everything could stop SPINNING for a second, that would be great!

It would be fixed soon. He’d eat the senzu bean, and whatever had gone wrong would repair itself.

He assumed that he HAD exploded his bladder last night. It was the only thing that made sense. It explained why he’d… voided without intending to. It explained why he was needing to go more frequently— Clearly, his bladder had some sort of tear in it. And it explained the blood and pain he got when he urinated.

The senzu bean would patch up the tear.

Bulma entered the bedroom a while later, expecting to see Vegeta up and alert, his face returned to its normal color.

Instead, he was in bed— She usually had to COAX him into laying down when he was sick.

So, then was he actually—

“Give me the senzu bean,” Vegeta ordered, voice lacking its usual bite.

Bulma retrieved it from her pocket. “Okay…” she said. “What exactly is wrong with y—“

Vegeta shoved the bean into his mouth and chewed. This was going to fix it. He was going to be fine, and no one would ever have to know that he’d apparently ripped his bladder in half. He swallowed, but didn’t feel any immediate change.

He’d probably feel the difference when he needed to go again later. For now, his bladder was thankfully empty.

Bulma set the bowl of soup on the nightstand beside him, then felt his forehead for a second, pulling her hand away. “I think you DO have a fever…” she said.

“It will go away,” Vegeta said. As soon as the bean took effect, all of it would go away.

“Yeah, just make sure you actually REST,” Bulma said. “No training until you’re better.”

Vegeta didn’t respond. All of this ‘concern’ and fussing over him… It was horrendous.

“What happened?” Bulma asked. “Goku said you ate something bad?”

Vegeta shrugged. He was NOT going to tell her. Even if he left out the part where he had… Where he’d disgraced himself. Even if he omitted ALL of that, listing his symptoms to her would be impossible. He just had to trust that the bean would work, and he wouldn’t NEED to say anything.

He ate the soup Bulma had brought. The inside of his mouth had been tinged with an atrocious flavor ever since his stomach had revolted against him earlier, he was desperate to cover it up.

Before he finished with the bowl, he was once again desperate for something else. Dammit! What the Hell was WRONG with him?! He’d peed half an hour ago! But, his bladder just kept SPASMING, hitting him with sudden waves of neediness. And this time he felt—

He felt the sharp pinching thing, the feeling that came RIGHT before he started to go. With as weird as his body was being… What if he sprang a leak right in front of Bulma?!

He shoved the bowl aside and shot to his feet, startling her. “What’s—“

“N—Need— I’ll— Uh— Bye!” Vegeta shakily made his way to the restroom, hurriedly locking the door. The senzu bean wasn’t working, it wasn’t doing anything against this!

As if to further prove that point, when Vegeta peed it hurt even WORSE than the last time! He felt like something very sharp was being shoved up his urethra, slowly twisting back and forth. “Gih—Haaah!” He exclaimed, wanting nothing more than an END to this! A moment later, when he realized how loudly he’d shouted, a pit of dread opened up inside his stomach.

Even if Bulma couldn’t hear him peeing from the bed, she could definitely hear him yell. When HE yelled, it could be heard halfway across the city.

It took him a few seconds to work up enough nerve to leave the restroom. When he did, he trudged silently to the bed and laid back down, face-first.

“Um… Vegeta…?” Bulma asked cautiously.

Nothing.

“Were you… Screaming?” It wasn’t as though that was an unusual sound to hear, she just didn’t understand what the reason for it was.

No response.

“Are you oka—“

“No!” Vegeta burst out, sitting up and facing her, furious. “I’m NOT okay, I—“ He caught himself, realized what he was doing. “I mean— I’m fine.”

Bulma sighed. This was obviously going to be difficult. “Well, you’re clearly NOT. Where does it hurt?”

Vegeta refused to tell her where the pain was, refused to even point to it.

“Vegeta…” Bulma narrowed her eyes. “If you don’t say what’s wrong—“

“Nothing is wrong,” Vegeta insisted.

Another sigh. “Alright, how about this; I’ll get you some paper, do you think you can just write down what’s bothering you?”

‘Only if I get to incinerate the paper after,’ Vegeta thought, shaking his head.

“Okay…” Bulma groaned. “You’re gonna make me guess, huh?”

More head shaking.

“Are you upset that you couldn’t finish fighting with Goku?”

He sort of was, but the disappointment paled in comparison to everything else.

“Are you embarrassed that you got sick in front of him?”

Vegeta shrugged.

Bulma took that as a ‘yes’. “When you yelled you were… Is this at all related to your… Um… What exactly do you want me to call this ‘thing’ of yours?”

“It does not deserve a name,” Vegeta said.

At least he’d spoken. “Alright, but everything that’s bothering you now… Is it related?”

“I— Yes…” Vegeta admitted. “I think it is. I didn’t feel sick until… After I… Nothing…”

“Alright, just gonna make this very clear; I am NOT going to tell anyone. I know, I made fun of you about it at first, but even THEN I never told anyone. Of course I won’t do it now.”

Vegeta’s frown deepened. He really WAS going to have to explain. Some of it, anyway. Last night would forever remain a secret between him and Kakarot. “I started to feel unwell after I… Was not able to… take care of certain things until the second night of the trip. This morning I began to… Experience pain when I… Um…”

“It hurts to ‘go’?” Bulma guessed.

“Yes, that,” Vegeta said. “A—And, there is blood…”

“And you’re… needing it more often,” Bulma observed. “And the fever… Sounds like you have an infection.” This was one of the things she’d been afraid of. This, and his bladder just rupturing. Honestly, she was kind of surprised it had taken so long. “Has this ever happened to you before?” She asked, not sure if he’d even grant her a truthful answer.

“No,” Vegeta said immediately. He didn’t think the time Frieza had made him piss blood counted.

“Well… Alright, the good news is you can take some medicine and it will clear up,” Bulma told him. “The bad news is… You can’t… ‘push yourself’ like you usually do.”

“I am going back to my training the second my fever breaks.”

“… Not what I meant,” Bulma said. “I meant… Vegeta, you held it for two days.”

“You think I had any DESIRE to do that?!”

“No, of course you didn’t. But, until your infection goes away, if you hold it you WILL make it worse.”

Vegeta crossed his arms. “Woman, don’t you DARE monitor how often I relieve myself.”

Bulma had actually been intending to do exactly that. She’d pictured herself watching to see when Vegeta looked uncomfortable, and telling him to piss if he didn’t get up and do it himself. But, thinking that over, if the goal was to get him to relieve himself more often, then she’d only achieve the opposite. Clearly, his ‘problem’ was the product of shame, anything that heightened that emotion within him would clamp his bladder closed.

The only way to help was to leave Vegeta on his own to handle it. This was so deeply personal for him that over-involvement would only make it worse.

Could she TRUST Vegeta to actually take care of himself, though?

Given his track-record…

They were probably going to need a LOT of medicine.

***

The medicine was helping. Vegeta no longer noticed any blood when he peed, at least. It still burned like Hell, though. And his bladder continued with those sudden, no-warning spasms that made him feel so desperate.

The biggest problem was that, with each does of medicine, Vegeta ALSO had to drink a full glass of water. He was drinking more copiously than he ever had before— Which probably meant that he was properly hydrated for once.

But, to be drinking SO much, while his bladder refused to hold more than a tiny cup of liquid before it started to berate him, made the whole affair DEEPLY annoying. He didn’t try to hold it. Bulma was leaving him alone in their room, so no one was present to watch as he made frequent, occasionally panicked, trips to the restroom over and over again. It still embarrassed him quite a bit, and the loathing he felt towards his bladder deepened.

He managed to doze off a few times, and each time he slept, he was subjected to the stupid Frieza dream again— Now, it came to him in full clarity, every word, every bodily sensation, every emotion, he felt it all with a startling intensity. He was always woken from the torment by another jab from his bladder, which could only be satiated by enduring the burning agonies that now accompanied emptying it.

Night came, and Bulma returned to the bedroom. Part of her was glad to see that he was actually resting like he was supposed to, the other half was dismayed that VEGETA was doing something that he was SUPPOSED to do. How awful must he have been feeling!?

“Doing any bett—“

“Sleep now,” Vegeta interrupted. He had no desire to return to the world of his dreams, but he had even LESS desire to discuss how he was ‘feeling’ with Bulma. The sooner this infection went away, the sooner Vegeta could pretend that NONE of this had ever happened.

He hadn’t gotten too desperate to fly home. He hadn’t tried to pee in a lake. He hadn’t gone so crazy with need that he’d basically BEGGED Kakarot to wake up and assist him. He’d never soaked himself in front of Kakarot. And, he DEFINITELY hadn’t made himself sick in the process of all that.

None of that had ever happened, and it never WOULD happen. He SHOULD have just used the dragon balls. Yelling at a magic dragon to rid him of his ‘difficulty’ was better than shooting blazing acid out of his dick while his woman and his rival both fussed over him.

He was about to fall asleep when his bladder lurched again and he stumbled to his feet in alarm. Shakily, he looked back at Bulma, hoping she hadn’t seen him move in such a frantic way. Her eyes were shut. Good.

He went to the restroom again, he aimed and reminded himself once more that Bulma couldn’t hear a THING from the bed. His pee trickled out and, ohhh, the burning had gone from an intense roar of agony to just a dull hum. It was clearing up, it was going away. This would be over soon. He could move on soon.

He headed back to bed and, unfortunately, back to the Frieza dream as well. This time around, there was a change; Vegeta wasn’t a child in his dream, like he had been in reality. He was himself as he was now, standing beside Frieza as the tyrant babbled on and on about what a disgrace he was. “Can’t even keep yourself dry…”

When he realized that he was in his ADULT body, that he must have had access to all of his abilities, Vegeta thought that meant he could DESTROY Frieza now. He was leagues stronger than he’d been when he was a kid. He was even stronger than he’d been when confronting Frieza on Namek. He really COULD win this time, put an end to the mocking tirade once and for all.

Only… When he tried to summon his chi… It wouldn’t work. He couldn’t feel ANYTHING building inside him, no energy, no heat, none of what he USUALLY felt. Instead, he was just… Empty. He was powerless, in both the literal and figurative sense of the word. He couldn’t access a single one of his abilities, he could do nothing to shut Frieza up.

And then the panic took hold. He was aware, in some corner of his mind, that this wasn’t real and HAD to be a dream. Frieza was DEAD, and he’d never had an accident in front of him as an adult. He knew he was asleep, and that when he woke up, he’d be in control again, he’d be strong again. But, his dream aggressively held onto him, refused to let him leave its confines, refused to allow him to open his eyes and find himself in his bed, with everything as it SHOULD have been.

And he felt a bit of stinging, the sensation that always came before he started to—

He woke, realized he was clutching himself tightly, bladder screaming like it had been doing all day. He started to get up and— Warmth. Just a tiny bit, maybe only a handful of drops, but he’d still SPILLED. No, no, no— He couldn’t risk— Not again—

Some of the water glasses he’d had to drain were still on the nightstand. Under normal circumstances, if he started to desperately… ‘use’ such a small container, he’d overflow it for sure. These weren’t normal circumstances, however. His bladder was REFUSING to hold much of anything. If he—

No! That was depraved and utterly revolting! He was not SO needy that he’d relieve himself into a glass when a toilet was RIGHT there. He could never be so desperate that he couldn’t WALK, sick or not!

He tried to get up again, and felt another spurt leak out. FUCK. Th—The glass was better than… Than THAT. Anything was better than that! Once he’d… Finished with it, he’d carry it outside or something so he could VAPORIZE it without waking anyone up! No one would know!

He grabbed the cup and pulled himself out, aiming into it. He did not start to go. So much of him was SHRIEKING that he shouldn’t even be CONSIDERING this. This was so beneath him, he was supposed to be able to wait— He was supposed to be able to WALK for a few seconds and relieve himself PROPERLY. He wasn’t supposed to… To wet himself, or get so desperate that he broke his body, or—

“V—Vegeta…?”

SHIT.

He turned slightly, trying to shield what he was… trying to do. Bulma was awake, rubbing her eyes. “Are you getting sick again?” She asked.

“N—No, go back to sleep!”

“What are you—“ Bulma sat up more, and she felt fully awake when she caught sight of the cup and its position. “… Oh.”

Vegeta tried to cover himself up, “What are you looking at? Go back to bed!”

Bulma was at a loss for words. It was obvious what Vegeta was attempting to do, she just never would have expected him to do anything like it. She knew that the infection must have been responsible, but it was still shocking.

“I’ll… Leave,” Bulma said simply, standing up.

Vegeta started to twitch more violently. “Y—You will not breathe one word of this to anyo—“

“I won’t!” Bulma said. “I promise, alright? I don’t want you to stress yourself out over that anymore!”   All of the assurances in the world wouldn’t have helped. She’d seen him at such a low, disgraceful point. The only thing that would have been worse would be if SHE’D been present for his… For ‘last night’.

The second she’d left the bedroom, his bladder gave out and drained into the cup. The burning was still fading away, it was improving, he was going back to normal… The water-level in the cup started to get dangerously high and he ended up needing a second one before he was finished. Gah, disgusting…

He took them into the restroom since he was finally able to stand up without disgracing himself. He scrubbed them in the sink, promising himself that he’d blow them up in the morning. They’d seen too much and deserved to die.

When Bulma came back in, he deliberately faced away from her. “Vegeta…” she said gently. “It’s not that big of a—“

“Silence…” he muttered.

“It’s really not… I mean, it’s not like I haven’t ever SEEN it,” Bulma said. “I seem to remember you being HAPPY to show it off to me before.”

“Th—That’s not the concern, and you know it!” If Vegeta’s ‘problem’ was all about not wanting anyone to peek at his dick, then there wouldn’t even BE a problem— Anyone who saw it would be amazed— ANYONE. It would be an HONOR to gaze upo—

“So, the anxiety doesn’t have anything to do with someone seeing your—“

“It’s NOT anxiety, and NO it doesn’t,” Vegeta snapped. “If that WERE the issue, the problem would vanish any time I’m behind a locked door.”

“… What exactly are you… ‘Having feelings’ about?”

‘Worthless, frail, puny, weak, disgraceful little monkey brat…’

“I… Don’t know,” Vegeta said.

“I’m sure you do.”

“I don’t,” Vegeta insisted.

“I PROMISE no one else will find out…”

“I— I didn’t know,” Vegeta said now. “I forgot for a while, just… Knew that if I… If I… relieved myself, then I’d be weak, and—“

“So, it IS an ego thi—“

“No!” Vegeta interrupted. “It’s… I…” He knew he should feel no shame in admitting that he’d had an accident as a four year old, but he did. He felt even more shame that the event had effected him so profoundly when it didn’t have any right to. “I—It…. Part of it… I— I think Frieza kind of made it start.”

“Did he try to train you not to go, or something?”

“N—Not exactly,” Vegeta said. “I… I was four, and we were… Going somewhere, another planet, a—and… Frieza wouldn’t let us stop, h—he made me…” Vegeta’s voice broke, and it shocked him he was even CAPABLE of speaking so quietly. “He made me… Beg, and still wouldn’t… And I just— I—“

Bulma cut him off, reacting in much the same way Kakarot had. “You were FOUR, Vegeta. If you… didn’t ‘make it’, that’s—“

“Wh—When we got there,” Vegeta continued. “Frieza… He made me stand in front of everybody, and he told them all how I was… Pathetic, a—and that I was the reason they needed to obey him, because their future king was…”

“Oh…” Bulma said. No wonder Vegeta associated peeing with failure, and when even the smallest amount of failure was intolerable to him…

It really WASN’T just an ego thing, it may have even been something beyond anxiety. Bulma had sort of been planning to find something that made Vegeta relax— Though, if such a thing existed, she’d never seen it and had no clue where to start looking— But, now that she knew WHERE his feelings were coming from, she knew the solution to them would be more complicated than she'd thought.

*013*2023-03-23 00:21

Vegeta healed. He always did. His bladder was back to normal. Or at least, back to what ‘normal’ was for him. Which was to say that it remained a disobedient, traitorous thing that refused to comply with any of his wishes. But, it no longer spasmed suddenly and made him feel close to exploding when seconds before he’d had no urge. It no longer stung when he emptied it. His urine was back to the color it was SUPPOSED to be, no longer tinted pink.

And, he thought it actually was a little bit stronger. Apparently, Kakarot had been right about something. Just as Vegeta always came back from the brink of death as a better fighter, his bladder worked the same way.

This was not good.

HE was the one that needed to defeat the stupid thing, after all. And it had been overwhelming him BEFORE. He had to strain HARDER to get his muscles to cede and actually let him go, his bladder tightening up and fighting him with more fervor than ever.

Clearly, this HAD to be thanks to something similar to the Zenkai Boost. His bladder was tougher because he’d nearly killed it, that was why he was having more difficulty urinating.

Because the only OTHER explanation was that everything that had happened to him during and after that trip had made his asinine ‘feelings’ get worse, and THEY were responsible for his bladder somehow getting even MORE prone to ‘lock-ups’.

And that couldn’t have been it. Vegeta would not ALLOW that to be it.

When he tried to go, he was acutely aware that the coldness in his chest was at a lower temperature than ever, and starting to move up into his shoulders and down his arms. And he KNEW that the REAL reason he couldn’t pee was just because his bladder had toughened up after its near-death experience.

Basic Saiyan biology. That was just how it worked. All evidence to the contrary was shoved aside.

Thanks to the annoying Zenkai Boost— And that WAS all that it was!— Vegeta, infuriatingly, actually LOST some of the progress he’d made. That had NEVER happened to him before, once he’d mastered an ability, he could always do it from that day forward!

But, now he was struggling to pee if Bulma was in bed again! He told himself over and over again that she’d hear nothing, and it still wasn’t enough! The memory of her being there, doting on him as he recovered from his infection, kept pulling his muscles taut.

And it was completely normal for things like that to happen with a Zenkai Boost— Vegeta’s feelings were NOT involved in any way!

He left the restroom in frustration. He was gonna have to return to waiting for her to fall asleep before he could urinate. Gah, he wished he’d KNOWN that was going to happen, he would have had less to drink while he’d been training today. He’d just been CERTAIN he’d be able to relieve himself early in the evening, now he was gonna have to hold off for another couple hours, pretending nothing was wrong.

He sat down in bed beside Bulma and gradually eased his legs outward until they reached the angle they’d form if he DIDN’T want to use the restroom. He just WANTED to use it, he reminded himself. If he truly NEEDED to go, then his bladder would have emptied when he’d told it to.

Bulma tried not to frown. Since, of course, she actually COULD hear him peeing from bed, she knew that he hadn’t gone. She’d actually heard him huffing a bit from frustration in there instead. She held her tongue, if she said anything encouraging, then he’d know she could tell he hadn’t peed— And from there it would be easy for him to work out that she could, in fact, hear his stream hissing whenever she was in this room. His ability to let it flow in here was clearly contingent on him continuing to believe the lie that the bed was simply too far away from the bathroom door for her to notice anything.

It concerned her that it hadn’t worked this time. Ever since she’d convinced him that his stream was inaudible, he’d been doing so well. Every time he went in there, he’d be peeing after just a minute or so. This was the first time he’d failed to let it go.

Wanting to encourage him somehow, and reinforce the lie he was depending on, Bulma asked “Do you need any more medicine? It’s stopped… Burning, hasn’t it?”

Vegeta wished she hadn’t mentioned his illness. Now that it was over, he never wanted to hear about it again. “Y—Yes…” Internally, he was screaming at her to just go to sleep. He’d had WAY too much water. If he didn’t get some of it out soon…

He could already sort of feel a bit of pinching in his back.

Maybe he could try starting from the beginning again— Tell Bulma that he needed to go, then do it somewhere else further away from her.

No, not now. She thought he’d just went, she’d either figure out that he’d failed, or start… doting on him again, assuming his infection had reappeared. He HAD to hold it, and he couldn’t allow there to be ANY indication that he was doing so.

When he noticed his legs starting to move closer together, he shoved them back out then, hit with another spasm, he laid down on his side and tried to pretend he was just tired. Showing signs of exhaustion— particularly when he’d merely engaged in his USUAL regimen today— was disgraceful as well. Just, nowhere near as awful as letting on that he needed to urinate and couldn’t do it.

There were some moments where Vegeta really missed having a tail. He didn’t need to transform anymore, so he didn’t pine for the ability very much. It was the tail itself that he wanted back. It just BEING there could be helpful sometimes. Vegeta had an intense desire to move around, and if he still had a TAIL… The Earth woman would have no way of knowing that it was common for a Saiyan to thump or twitch the end of their tail when their bladder was aching.

Before he’d lost his tail, flicking it around a bit had always helped ease some of the tension. And it was a subtle enough action that it usually escaped notice. He’d tense himself up and WANT to start squirming, but if he moved his tail around instead he could ignore that urge a while longer, with no one being made aware of his problem.

Without a tail, Vegeta had to ignore all of his body’s demands to move around. Anything he did to calm his bladder would make his condition obvious to Bulma. He couldn’t cross his legs or bounce them, he couldn’t hold himself, he couldn’t stand up and pace, or double over. Humans did the same things when they had to urinate.

He knew the reason his tail never re-grew was just because transforming no longer served a purpose to him. He knew Bulma probably didn’t WANT his tail to come back, requiring her to make note of when the full moon appeared so she could forbid him from going outside at night. He did seriously miss it sometimes, though.

Another advantage the tail gave him in these sorts of moments; He could coil it around his legs. That was a BIT more obvious, but not as bad as actually CROSSING them. He had wrapped his tail around himself in front of others before, and Nappa— the idiot— HAD asked him about it. Vegeta just insisted he was trying to scratch an itch, and that had been it. Another way to hold it in and squirm without alerting everyone around him to the fact that he was full.

Without a tail, his options were so limited. He couldn’t soothe his bladder at ALL without Bulma noticing. He had to stay STILL, had to keep his legs splayed apart, had to stop all this TREMBLING that was only getting worse by the second. He was so tense, he couldn’t stop shaking, nor could he let any part of his body relax without prompting more angry yells from his tormented bladder.

Kakarot said he just looked COLD when he twitched like this, though. Vegeta told himself the shudders weren’t all that obvious. He could even complain to Bulma that she kept their room too cold, just to dislodge ANY thoughts that his skin was only buzzing because he really needed to—

To his immense relief, Bulma yawned tiredly. “It’s been a long day,” she said. “I think I’ll go to sleep early tonight. You don’t mind, do you?”

Vegeta definitely didn’t mind, and tried to stay as still as he could as he waited for her to snore. He was so done with this nonsense, now he was wondering if he ought to ask the dragon to just… Work some kind of magic on his biology so that he didn’t even NEED a bladder anymore. If the Namekians could all get by without one, then a Saiyan should be able to as well!

Once he was certain Bulma was asleep, he stood from the bed. Immediately, his bladder surged and a hand started to fly towards his crotch. He stopped himself from making contact but, remembering no one could see what he was doing, he gave in and squeezed, maintaining the hold as he walked back to the restroom.

Once he’d locked himself inside, he tried to get his clothing apart. Again, he longed for the return of his tail. This was ANOTHER thing it could be useful for. Out in space, when he was finally alone for a few minutes and decided it was time to relieve himself, the strangest thing tended to happen. When his body realized that he had solitude and privacy, he’d suddenly feel way closer to bursting than he had just seconds before. He could have been controlling himself perfectly well, barely moving, then he was by himself and unable to resist doubling over and sometimes even gripping himself.

It was difficult to deal with his clothes when both his hands wanted to stay between his legs, and that was where his tail came in. It wasn’t the most comfortable way to bend it, but he could hold his crotch with his tail while his hands managed everything else.

Without a tail, he kept going back and forth between squeezing himself and actually working to RESOLVE his situation. Clothes finally out of his way, he tried to start his stream His bladder cramped, twisted, and it was like it was knotting its own opening up, tying it shut. ‘Dammit, you’re alone, and you were just doing that idiotic dance. How can you need to flail around like that if you won’t even void when you’re trying to?!’ Vegeta thought. ‘Bulma’s not even awake. Just—‘

Flashes of the days he’d spent sick, and the horrible night that had started it, pinged through his mind. He’d actually pissed himself. He’d… Had an accident in front of Kakarot, and then he’d needed to lay in bed while someone took care of him. What could be more pathetic than that? He was so feeble and puny, a frail little—

All of those thoughts came to him in Frieza’s disgusting hiss, drowning out his own internal voice.

He thought of one more thing his tail might have been useful for. When a Saiyan’s tail was squeezed, it was very painful, and it resulted in a loss of body strength. Vegeta had MOSTLY overcome this weakness. By the end of his tail’s life, it didn’t completely immobilize him if someone pulled it, but he still tended to feel a bit dazed and less in control of himself.

Since he actually WANTED a few of his muscles to lose their strength, he wished he still had a ‘button’ he could press to make that happen. If he still had his tail, then maybe if he gripped it tightly enough, his bladder control would shatter and he’d finally get to let something out.

Even though he KNEW it wouldn’t work, and would only make him feel worse if anything, Vegeta put a hand to his lower stomach and pressed on it. He TRIED to do it gently, but pain erupted beneath the touch anyway. “Hnng—!”

***

Bulma hadn’t actually fallen asleep, she’d just done her best to PRETEND that she had so that Vegeta would stop hurting himself. She’d been so relieved when she heard him get up, but that relief had disappeared when minutes passed and he STILL hadn’t started peeing.

Bulma was sure he’d had even worse experiences with this before, but this was the worst bout she’d been PRESENT for and it made her nervous. Vegeta was completely alone, as far as he knew. There was no reason for him to still be locking up. This told her that it wasn’t even JUST the presence of other people that caused him trouble. There were OTHER things that could do it, and clearly those were harder to get out of his way than simply giving him a bit of extra privacy.

When she heard him growl like he was in pain, Bulma cautiously got out of bed. As she approached the door, she wasn’t sure what exactly she planned on doing. Asking him if he was okay would just make it worse, but the desire to comfort him somehow was still there. How could she comfort someone that was too proud to admit he ever NEEDED it?

Choosing to keep up with her ‘sleepy’ charade, she just reached for the doorknob and twisted it. Of course, it was locked. And she heard Vegeta inhale sharply.

Bulma faked a yawn, “Hm… Vegeta, you in th—“

“G—Go back to bed!”

“I will in a minute, I need to go after you’re done,” Bulma told him. She still had no idea what she was doing, this wasn’t going to help, he was just going to—

“Fine!” Vegeta snapped. “I’ll be out in a second!”

“Were you able to—“

“YES,” Vegeta insisted, throwing the door open. Bulma watched warily as it hit the wall. It was too dark to tell if he’d put a crack in it or not. “I was— Ev—Everything is FINE, and—“

“Vegeta, you’re squirming,” Bulma pointed out.

Vegeta was swaying from foot to foot, hands shaking and clenching as he tried SO hard not to grab himself again if only to ease the pressure for a second. “No, I’m not.”

“What’s bothering you?” Bulma asked. “You weren’t able to go, were you?”

“I thought you said you needed to piss, just— Just do that, and go back to sleep. I’m f—“

“Can we talk about th—“

“There is NOTHING to talk about!” Vegeta exclaimed. “It— It just… It is what it is, alright?”

Bulma sighed. “You were doing so well…”

That was the LAST thing Vegeta needed to hear. “I KNOW that!” He yelled. “I don’t need you to tell me! It got worse, I’m too weak to fix it, I’m a—“

“Vegeta, no,” Bulma said, grabbing his hands. “Is that what’s been on your mind? No wonder you’re having so much trouble again.”

Vegeta didn’t respond. He didn’t WANT to respond. He never wanted to talk about this AGAIN with ANYONE. Why couldn’t she just leave him be? His bladder wouldn’t drain now, so he’d just try it again LATER and, if it still didn’t work, he’d keep waiting and trying until it finally DID. He could handle it!

His back was starting to feel awfully caustic, and his lower abdominals were on fire, but he could DEAL with a bit of pain! Being in pain was way easier than talking about his stupid ‘feelings’!

“This whole thing— It’s ALL about what you’re thinking,” Bulma told him. “If you keep telling yourself you’re ‘weak’, you’re going to make it worse. Try it one more time, and this time, tell yourself that you’re strong.”

Vegeta shook his head, but entered the restroom again anyway. He tried to do as Bulma said, but the angrier thoughts, which came to him in Frieza’s voice, were way louder.

When KAKAROT told him he was strong, he was always able to—

Furious with himself, Vegeta pretended Kakarot was there, giving him those stupid encouragements. He was seriously depending on Kakarot— An imaginary Kakarot, sure, but still— It was freaking Kakarot!

It wasn’t even WORKING this time, anyway. He honestly thought he was going to need to physically HEAR—

“Bulma, are you still out there?”

“I— I am,” Bulma said. “I can go wait in the hall if you—“

“No… I…” Vegeta’s chest CLENCHED, icy tendrils dripping down all his ribs. “I want you to talk to me.”

“Talk to you?” Bulma repeated. “But, won’t that make it even wor—“

“I—It depends on what you say,” Vegeta said. “When Ka—“ He stopped himself, appalled that he’d nearly mentioned how Kakarot had been ‘assisting’ him. “I think I need to… Hear it.”

“Hear what?” Bulma asked. “That you’re strong, and that you can do this…?”

Vegeta squirmed where he stood, his bladder rolling, teeth clenching, face burning… “… Yes,” he admitted. “And if you EVER bring this up—“

“I know, I know,” Bulma sighed. “You’ll blow up the galaxy, or whatever.”

“… Could you—“

“Okay, um… You can do it, Vegeta?” Bulma said awkwardly. This felt utterly surreal, she never would have thought she’d need to do something like this. Since Vegeta had brought himself to REQUEST it of her, he must have genuinely needed it, but that didn’t make it any less weird. “You’re… So powerful.”

Vegeta felt a pinching, which was more than he’d been able to conjure so far. “K—Keep talking…” This was working. WHY was this working? How could he possibly NEED something that was so asinine and coddling?! Something HAD to work though, he’d burst if nothing worked!

“You’re… Um… Way stronger than your ‘problem’, it can’t defeat you, you’re too—“

She was interrupted by the sound of liquid beginning to patter against liquid. He was going. Finally. But she’d sort of been expecting an immediate tidal wave, considering how desperate he’d been, and how loud his streams USUALLY were. This dismal trickle… She really WOULDN’T be able to hear it if she was in bed.

After a couple seconds, the noise got louder and more forceful, more like what she was USED to hearing. Unsure, and not wanting to cause him to stop, she asked “You want me to keep talki—“

“No…” Vegeta said, a VERY strange quality to his voice that she didn’t think she’d EVER heard before. It was so calm and breathy, almost gentle… “That was…. That was satisfactory, you can stop.”

Bulma stayed by the door anyway, trying NOT to feel too perturbed by how copiously Vegeta was urinating. She knew she ought to have gotten used to it, but after seeing him get SO sick from holding too much in, she couldn’t help but worry about it. He could easily make himself ill again.

He’d told her repeatedly that Saiyans DID have larger bladders than humans, so that meant he wasn’t harming himself, and she had no reason to concern herself over his ‘private matters’. She couldn’t help it. Goku didn’t pee like that, and Goku was…

Well, the major issue Bulma kept running into was that, for as strong as Vegeta’s bladder may have been, and even if Saiyans just naturally had bigger ones, it still… It had to actually FIT inside of Vegeta’s body.

And Vegeta was kind of… Maybe not ‘small’, exactly, he had more than enough muscle. But, compared to the other Saiyans Bulma had seen? Vegeta was… Really short. Now that Bulma had begun to pay more attention to Vegeta’s bladder issue, she’d noticed on multiple occasions that he sometimes got a little swollen in the middle. His body really WAS struggling to fit all of that inside it, and it forced him to stretch out in order to CREATE more space.

Vegeta was feeling a confused mix of sensations. He was so utterly relieved that he was gritting his teeth against a satisfied moan, but the shame was even stronger than that. Why did he NEED to… Basically hear someone cheer him on before he could do this?! He knew that he FOUGHT better if he’d just heard someone else express confidence in him, or praise him in some way. There wasn’t anything embarrassing about being told ‘You’re so strong, Vegeta!’ seconds before he went to knock somebody out.

Hearing it before he peed— NEEDING to hear it before he even COULD pee— was a different story entirely. He knew he should just be grateful that SOMETHING worked to free him from the torment of desperation, he just couldn’t shake off how pathetic it felt to need HELP with such a private thing.

He tried not to focus on that, maybe if he directed all of his attention towards the PHYSICAL sensations, his idiotic emotions would back off and leave him be. That had worked before during battles, it could work now. It really did feel good to let go… Since he did this so infrequently, he was accustomed to always feeling the urge at least a little bit. Often, he still felt like he was desperate even as he was peeing, his bladder so full that it took a bit for him to get enough out to make a dent in the pressure.

The pain was slowly decreasing now, the sensation of his bladder deflating and shrinking back down was so… “Ahhh…” Startled, he clamped his mouth shut, blushing hard. Bulma had probably heard that…

She had, and it startled her almost as much as the amount of liquid Vegeta could hold. She knew that was a GOOD noise, and meant he was comfortable rather than still suffering. She just hadn’t ever heard him MAKE a sound like that before, so it was a little jarring.

His stream finally trickled off and ended. She heard the sink running, and then nothing for several seconds. Clearly, he was in no hurry to come back out.

“Vegeta, you okay?” Bulma wasn’t sure why she was asking. She knew that he wouldn’t tell her if he wasn’t.

“F—Fine…” Vegeta said, finally opening the door. His cheeks were painted red, and his eyes refused to meet hers. What she’d done for him just now felt weirdly intimate. It hadn’t felt… Sexual, thankfully. Just really close in a less-than-comfortable way.

It felt noticeably different with Bulma from how it did with Kakarot. Kakarot just seemed to lack the social awareness required to think anything was weird about it. Bulma KNEW it was strange, and had to just try to ignore that.

Vegeta was forced to acknowledge that he PREFERRED doing this with Kakarot. Kakarot’s failure to notice that the ‘encouragement’ was awkward somehow made it FEEL less awkward to Vegeta. Kakarot was so annoyingly comfortable with the whole thing, that it actually lifted a bit of the humiliation.

With Bulma, both of them felt a little embarrassed.

He hoped he wouldn’t have to ask Bulma for that again. And, seeing as he apparently needed to start the whole process of eradicating his problem over again, he went back to the beginning. He’d force himself to SAY something to Bulma related to him peeing, and hope that doing so wouldn’t lock his body up again. “I… Uh… I was… I was able to finish this time.”

Bulma hadn’t doubted that— She’d be seriously disturbed if the ocean he’d just released HADN’T been all of it— There must have been some reason he felt the need to tell her, though. “That’s good, Vegeta. Talking to you helped?”

“… Yes,” he admitted.

“Great. Now, what do you say?” Bulma prompted. She’d teach Vegeta how to say ‘thank you’ if it was the last thing she ever—

“One word to anyone and I’ll pick a few of your favorite things and blow them all up.”

Well. That was better than him threatening to blow up the entire galaxy, anyway.

It was too bad he was struggling so much again. He’d been doing well and, Bulma thought, building some kind of confidence about this. He needed to get that back somehow.

Ordinarily, if someone asked Bulma if she wanted to give Vegeta any sort of ego-boost, she’d tell them that she’d rather shave her head and chop off her legs. But, if that same person asked if she wanted to keep him from getting sick again…

What could she do to REALLY encourage him? Maybe if she could simply change how he THOUGHT about this whole topic, it would go a long way to helping him overcome it.

He associated urination with weakness and defeat, that much was obvious. If she could get him to associate it with victory instead…

She could think of only one surefire way to do that.
