Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*021*2023-05-09 22:08

They were able to spend the night indoors, in a house belonging to some woman Kakarot had met as a child. Vegeta had been skeptical at first that anyone would just invite them inside, but when Kakarot knocked on the door and the woman recognized him, she welcomed them right in.

Her name was Suno, and Kakarot explained she was the person who’d rescued him when he’d nearly frozen to death. She lived with Android Eight, one of the older androids constructed by the Red Ribbon Army. Kakarot had needed to stop Vegeta from starting a fight with him when he assumed that they “must have missed one”.

“Calm down, Vegeta, Eighter doesn’t want to hurt anybody,” Kakarot said.

Suno even prepared dinner for them, not enough to actually fill either of them up, but enough to quell the small hunger pangs Vegeta had been experiencing. What troubled him more was his thirst, though. He hadn’t had anything to drink since that morning, and he knew he hadn’t come close to reaching the ‘daily hydration quota’ Bulma had been making him stick to lately. His throat was really dry, and the pitcher of water on the table looked really tempting.

But, he was acutely aware of how small Suno’s house was. It would not be easy to enter the bathroom unnoticed and, even so, he was sure that the sound of him peeing would be detectable. Going back out to use a tree was actually the more appealing option for him. He knew that was odd, the outside wouldn’t offer him any doors to lock and conceal himself behind, so it made no sense that he’d feel more comfortable THERE.

It was just that, if he went outside, Suno wouldn’t immediately guess that it was because he needed to pee. She wouldn’t THINK about him relieving himself, or about him not being able to wait any longer. There would be no chance of her hearing his stream hiss out. Those things WOULD happen if he used the toilet here.

He tried not to worry about it, he didn’t really NEED to go yet, and if he let himself drink a little, it would take time before it started to bother him. He’d be able to wait until Suno and Android Eight had both gone to bed.

Vegeta allowed himself a few sips of water, trying to maintain control over himself and ignore the fact that he was dying of thirst. Once the first couple swallows had gone down his throat, the desire for more was overwhelming. Before he knew it, he’d finished that glass and was pouring himself another. He tried to keep tabs on how much remained inside the pitcher, to get some idea of the amount he was pouring into his body, it was difficult to keep track though and it felt SO good to hydrate himself. Eventually, he’d finished more than half of the pitcher all on his own, and had to force himself to stop.

He felt rejuvenated, but not enough to offset the dread now making itself known. He’d better have an easy time getting RID of all that later…

Suno soon showed them to the spare bedroom, apologizing that there was only one bed. “That’s fine,” Vegeta said. “HE can sleep on the floor.”

Kakarot frowned, “Huh? Why? It’s a big bed.”

Suno backed out of the room, as though she could sense Vegeta’s building anger.

“Do you honestly have to ASK, Kakarot?!” Vegeta demanded.

“Well, yeah… The bed me and Chi-Chi have at home is smaller, and we both fit in it just fine.”

“I’m not Chi-Chi.”

“I KNOW that, you’re bigger than her, which is FINE because this bed is—“

“On the floor, Kakarot,” Vegeta insisted. “I’m not going to sleep beside you.”

“You did earlie—“

“Didn’t,” Vegeta interrupted. He sat down on the bed and folded his arms. “Stay on the floor.”

Kakarot laid down on the ground, wriggling slightly. “This is the same thing Bulma did…”

“What?” Vegeta asked, trying to settle into the bed. His bladder twinged slightly, a subtle jab of pressure. Now that he’d noticed it, it wouldn’t go away.

“When I was helping her find the dragon balls,” Kakarot explained. “I really wanted to sleep with her, but she made me stay on th—“

Vegeta shot bolt upright, “Kakarot— You tried to sleep with my Bulma?!”

Kakarot shrugged. “Well, yeah… Anybody would have.”

Vegeta jumped out of the bed, readying his fists, “OKAY! That’s IT!”

“The floor in that capsule house was all hard and cold,” Kakarot continued. “And the bed looked so much more comfortable.”

Vegeta lowered his hands. “Kakarot… You’re an idiot.”

“Huh? What did I do?”

Vegeta groaned and got back into bed. “Don’t speak to me until morning, alright?”

Kakarot went silent, so Vegeta assumed he was going to obey. Vegeta wished his bladder would do the same thing, but it was still nagging at him. A bit too much of that water had finished filtering through him, and he was far from being comfortable.

He could sense Suno’s chi and knew she was still moving around. She hadn’t gone to sleep yet. He didn’t know what the android was doing, since machines didn’t have chi signals he could feel.

Vegeta wasn’t desperate by any means, he could wait for those two to go to bed. He just had to make sure he didn’t fall asleep first. While he’d managed to nap earlier, his sleep had been far from restful. That dream, all the memories within it…

HAD Frieza noticed the problem? Vegeta told himself that it didn’t really matter if he had or not. Frieza was too busy being dead to torment him over it. The idea was making Vegeta’s head hurt, though. It forced him to run through all of his interactions with Frieza, particularly the ones in which he’d needed to pee. The thought that the tyrant had always been silently laughing at him and that, as a result, he’d never even had a CHANCE of intimidating him, was painful.

If he’d always been a joke in Frieza’s eyes, if no matter what he did, no matter what new heights he reached, Frieza was always thinking about the one very simple thing he COULDN’T do… Of course Frieza hadn’t been scared of him. All he’d ever needed to do was imagine Vegeta suffering immense desperation but failing to void no matter how hard he tried, and anything that MIGHT have been intimidating about him would fade away.

Vegeta had never stood a chance, there had never been anything he could have done to make Frieza fear him. He’d lost his shot at that when he was just four years old, and hadn’t even known it. Frieza had only ever seen him as a silly plaything, not as any kind of threat. And no amount of effort could have changed that.

Suno had been still for a while, so Vegeta figured she’d gone to sleep. Hopefully that meant the android was in bed, too. Vegeta crawled out of bed, a hand moving to rest protectively over his lower abdomen as his bladder sloshed. Ugh, that water was moving through him too fast. He’d JUST peed in the forest a few hours ago, his middle had no business aching so much again already.

He walked passed Kakarot, who’d managed to fall asleep already. He exited the bedroom and discovered a problem before he could make it to the toilet; The android was still in the dining area, just kind of… Standing there.

“Hello,” Android Eight said. “Trouble sleeping?”

Vegeta glanced towards the front door. He didn’t particularly WANT to go outside now. The cold would be even worse now that the sun was down. But, the android would see him enter the restroom, might be able to hear him voiding— If he even managed to get his stream started. “I thought you were going to bed.”

“I’m a machine,” Android Eight reminded. “I don’t need sleep.”

Vegeta thought Eighteen slept… Maybe since this guy was a different model, the rules were different? “So, you just stand around all night, then?” That sounded so boring… If Vegeta didn’t need to rest his body each night, he’d use that extra time to train. The android just wasted all of it.

“Yes,” Android Eight nodded.

Vegeta tried not to look at the door to the restroom. It was— It was RIGHT there. His bladder was throbbing with the need to head towards it. It was just too humiliating to do that with someone watching him. Eight would think he couldn’t hold it in. And he COULD hold it longer than this, it was just uncomfortable to…

“I’m going outside,” Vegeta decided, turning towards the front door.

“Don’t,” Eight said. “It’s dangerous at night. There are wolves.”

“The wolves should be afraid of ME…” Vegeta muttered. “I’m—“

“If you can’t sleep, you should drink something warm.”

The last thing Vegeta needed was more fluid. All the water from before was likely still processing, his bladder already had enough to deal with. “No,” he said. “I’ll—“ his eyes flicked to the restroom again, then the front door. “I need to— I’ll go to bed,” he decided.

He could hold it until morning, he’d go outside after he’d woken up. He’d gone to bed needing to pee plenty of times before and, so long as he paid attention to what chi signals he could feel, he didn’t have to worry about his dreams tricking him into doing anything disgraceful.

Vegeta managed to fall asleep. Unsurprisingly, his dream was far from pleasant. He and Trunks got locked inside the gravity chamber and weren’t able to just break down the door. None of Trunks’s attacks had been powerful enough, and Vegeta had needed to pee too badly to control his energy. He wasn’t able to sense Trunks, so he was aware that he was asleep, but that did nothing to tamp down the embarrassment he felt at being so blatantly desperate in front of his son.

When he woke up, his legs were tangled in the sheets and his hands had wedged between them. Humiliated by the knots his sleeping body had twisted itself into, he pulled his hands away and carefully stood up. Liquid sloshed inside of him and he was forced to perform a few cringing bounces to get it under control.

Kakarot was already up off the floor— How dare he not wake Vegeta up, too?! Did he think Vegeta NEEDED more sleep than him?!— Vegeta shook his head and went out the door once again. He… HAD to get outside soon, had to get to the trees, had to get RID of that water from last night. He thought it had all made it to his bladder by now. It sure FELT like it, anyway. He HOPED there weren’t any more waves coming, his holding muscles were burning badly enough already.

Before he opened the bedroom door, he had to take a moment to compose himself. He was shaking way too much, and his knees were rubbing together. When he paused, they even started to cross. He decided to allow that, and he let his hands return to his crotch for a few seconds as well. A little bit of squeezing and squirming might help him get this back under control for a little bit— Just long enough to make it outside without his problem becoming obvious.

One he had managed to straighten back out again without his insides immediately starting to sting, he opened the door and stepped out. He spotted Kakarot at the kitchen table, stuffing food into his mouth. Vegeta was still rather hungry, but his bladder needled at him more than his stomach.

“Hey,” Kakarot called. “After we have breakfast, the radar says th’ next ball’s to the East.”

“Fine,” Vegeta said, walking briskly by the table and towards the door. He was careful not to bend his knees too much in order to avoid upsetting his bladder. He knew that probably made his gait look odd, but hoped the reason wasn’t obvious.

“Hang on,” Kakarot said. “We aren’t leaving yet, I’m still—“

“I’m going outside for a minute, Kakarot,” Vegeta said, not pausing. “I have to— I dropped something yesterday.”

“We can look for it together after—“ Kakarot paused. “Oh. Okay.”

Vegeta threw the door open and walked out. Immediately, he shivered in the cold, the action making his bladder contract sharply and throb even more. His knees drew closer together and he jiggled on his toes for a second. It felt even colder than yesterday…

***

“Your friend was trying to leave last night,” Android Eight said. “I hadn’t known he’d lost something. I would have gone to find it. I don’t get cold.”

Goku shrugged, trying to keep the concern from creasing his brow. Vegeta had been holding it since last night, then? Goku wished he’d just woken him up. He was also surprised that, apparently, his friend felt more comfortable peeing outside than using Suno’s restroom. “Vegeta likes to do things for himself,” he said.

Goku finished his food and stood up. “Thanks for having us over, Suno,” he said.

“Don’t you want to wait for Vegeta to come back? He’s probably hungry t—“ Suno paused and glanced over the table, not one crumb remained on any of the plates. “Uhhh…”

“Eheh, whoops…” Goku said, standing from the table. “Guess I was hungrier than I thought… Uh, I’ll see you guys again if I’m ever up this way. Bye.”

***

Vegeta was now standing outside Suno’s house, arms and legs crossed, hands working up and down his arms. It was WAY colder than yesterday. So cold, in fact, that he hadn’t been able to pee. He’d been unable to tolerate the sensation of being exposed to the frigid air for long enough to actually go. And, the constant shakes had continually pulled all of his muscles taut, ensuring that he couldn’t loosen them up enough to release his bladder. Finally, he’d just given up, left the woods and come back to wait for Kakarot.

He hated cold. No wonder Frieza had only sent him on missions to warm places, nobody would want to buy a planet that felt like THIS. He couldn’t understand why any Earthlings CHOSE to live in this area.

Once Kakarot got here, once they could head towards the NEXT ball, Vegeta would find somewhere else to go. He’d stop at the first place he saw that looked usable. His urgency was increasing rapidly in response to the temperature, and he tapped his foot sharply.

Kakarot finally came out. “Hey, Vegeta. Did you… Um… Find what you were—“

“We’re leaving,” Vegeta interrupted. “Now.”

He took off into the sky, immensely relieved when his bladder didn’t try to pull him back down again. He could tell he needed to hurry though, it wasn’t easy to concentrate on remaining airborne when so much of his energy had to go towards holding it.

Kakarot joined him, “H—Hang on,” he said. “I haven’t even shown you WHERE to go yet…”

“You said ‘East’,” Vegeta reminded.

“Yeah, but—“ Kakarot showed him the dragon radar. “It looks like it’s in this city here…”

Vegeta slowed to look at it, legs rubbing together. He wished the map on the radar was a little more detailed. He wished it would point out the nearest forest with a temperature somewhere above sub-zero…

Kakarot glanced at him, “Uh… Er… You didn’t… Uh… ‘Find that thing’, did you?”

“It’s too damn cold here,” Vegeta said. “It’s worse than yesterday. I’ll ‘look for it’ somewhere warmer!”

“We can go back, I could—“

“Too cold!” Vegeta repeated. “Now, come on!”

“O—Okay,” Kakarot said, picking up the pace.

Vegeta followed beside him, and it was obvious that he was struggling to fly. His legs kept bending in and he was moving slower than he typically did.

Goku slowed as well, trying to make it look natural, trying not to call Vegeta’s attention towards his own dwindling speed. It seemed he hadn’t noticed it yet. Goku looked below them, trying to find a good spot to stop. He thought he had to make the decision carefully, since he doubted Vegeta would be able to get BACK in the air again unless he peed first.

If that happened, then there was always instant transmission. Hopefully it wouldn’t come to that, though. He knew it embarrassed Vegeta to need to ask for it, and that it felt like admitting defeat. It was admitting ‘I can’t go here, I can’t wait anymore, and I need to go so badly that I can’t even fly somewhere else.’

But, it made Goku feel a little better to know it was an option. It meant he had a way to ensure that his friend wouldn’t get hurt.

As they got closer and closer to the city, and Goku didn’t see any good places to stop, he felt himself becoming more grateful for his ability. It was okay that there weren’t any dense forests out this way, he could take Vegeta home in just a fraction of a second if he needed to.

Vegeta was dismayed as they kept traveling and he didn’t spot ANY areas in which he thought he might be able to void. Just barren, grassy fields with nothing to go behind. And, even when they made it to the city, he knew he wouldn’t be able to alleviate this pressure.

He was sure there wasn’t a single toilet there that he would be able to make use of. Earth’s public facilities were the worst out of any planet he’d ever been to. There was no way to use one discreetly, since multiple people could enter at once, and the stalls did nothing to muffle sounds.

But, they did get all the way there without finding any decent places for Vegeta to relieve himself. They landed, and Vegeta fought not to double over. He’d let his feet touch the ground as gently as he possibly could, and even so, the impact had sent shockwaves up to his over-full bladder.

“I’m sorry,” Kakarot said. “I was looking, I promi—“

“Which way is it?” Vegeta demanded. He had to get out of here as fast as possible. This place was crowded, people were going to notice if he began to squirm. People probably already WERE noticing, since he was still bouncing his toes, legs pressed together and dangerously close to crossing. “Where’s the damn ball?”

“Vegeta—“

“Kakarot, let’s get this over with before—“

“Ummm…. Hey, there’s a restroom over here,” Kakarot said, trying to lead Vegeta that way.

Vegeta lowered his voice as much as he could, difficult to do since he was already so annoyed. “Kakarot, are you a moron?”

Goku wasn’t sure why he’d suggested it. Yes, that WOULD be the solution to this problem if he was here with someone else. Just, not for Vegeta. But, the only other option was instant transmission, and Vegeta hated how he sometimes needed that. It hurt his pride every time he required it. “Uh… I have to go, too,” he said.

Vegeta tensed further, feet pointing inwards for a second. “Tough,” he said. “If you think I’m going to let you go when I— When I…”

“Okay, I’ll wait!” Goku said. “But…” he made himself squirm, hoping it looked real. “I really have to go, Vegeta!”

Vegeta turned even redder and stepped farther away from Kakarot. ‘If HE keeps fidgeting like that, people are going to stare.’ If they stared, they’d notice Vegeta looked uncomfortable, too. “Kakarot,” he hissed. “Hold still!”

“I can’t,” Kakarot complained. “How about… We go over there, and— And if it… Doesn’t work for you, I can take you home?”

“No.”

Goku had really thought that would work. He noticed how Vegeta kept trying to inch away from him and put as much distance between the two of them as possible… Goku crossed his legs and held himself, like he would if he really was about to have an accident. “But, Vegeta—“

Vegeta spun on his heels, facing away from Kakarot. ‘Act like you don’t know him! Pretend you’ve never seen him before in your life!’ He thought. “Ugh, FINE, Kakarot. Just cut THAT out.”

Goku made a show of slowly straightening himself out, as if doing so required a lot of effort. “Okay,” he said. “I’ll try, but hurry.”

Vegeta trudged after Kakarot towards the restroom. Then, he just stood in front of the door for a second. And then another second. And another. His bladder throbbed, willing him to go in, but his feet wouldn’t move anymore. He knew what would happen if he went in there. He knew that he’d be unable to get relief. He knew that he’d have to listen to streams flowing, toilets flushing, sinks running, while his bladder remained painfully full.

Worst of all, he knew someone would notice. Someone would notice that he was having trouble. A stranger, and a puny Earthling at that, would see Vegeta struggling with something that was supposed to be so easy and simple. The… ‘feeling’ would become all consuming. Even out here, it was coiling up inside his chest, lodging itself in his throat and clogging his airway. Without even going in, he was already starting to experience a shortness of breath.

If he went in and tried, doubtless being met with failure and shame in the process, he thought that… Thing might happen again. The thing Bulma had called a ‘panic attack’, but which Vegeta knew MUST have been something different, because he didn’t HAVE panic attacks. But, what if that thing, whatever it ACTUALLY was, did happen again, and someone noticed THAT?

He would not allow that to happen. He wouldn’t even give it the opportunity to occur.

Goku watched as Vegeta just stood there at the door. He was about to try to urge him to go through it, when he became aware of something that he found deeply troubling. Vegeta’s chi was… It was spiking tremendously, then fading back down a few seconds later, then raising again, falling… That was how it felt whenever Vegeta was fighting and needed to give it his all.

But, Vegeta WASN’T fighting anyone right now.

Was he…?

Goku noticed Vegeta’s breathing next, and that it didn’t sound right. Goku had no idea what his strange, choppy breaths or out of control chi signals could mean, but he just had a feeling they weren’t a sign of anything good.

Maybe he wasn’t ready for this after all. Maybe this was just TOO far out of his comfort zone. He reached out to his friend; “Vegeta…“

Vegeta opened and closed his fists in response to the annoyed pangs from his bladder. He didn’t understand why it had to try so hard to convince him to go in that room. It was its own fault that the room was useless to him. If his bladder would learn to just COOPERATE with him…

He felt Kakarot’s hand grip his shoulder, heard him say; “”Let’s go!”

A second later, they appeared in front of the last person Vegeta WANTED them to.

Bulma wasn’t fazed by them spontaneously showing up like that, she had gotten used to it. Calmly, she asked “Did you find them all already?”

Vegeta looked away, in the direction of their bedroom. He rubbed his hands against his thighs, which had no effect on his desperation, but he had such an aggravating urge to move around that he just had to do something.

“Nope, not yet,” Goku said. “We had to come back for a second because…” he stopped. “The… Dragon radar is out of batteries,” he decided.

“Goku, it’s solar powered…” Bulma pointed out.

“Oh? Well… Uh, maybe it’s something else,” Goku said, noticing Vegeta rush off in the corner of his eye. Vegeta sure was walking stiffly, he wasn’t bending his knees at all…

Once he was out of sight from Kakarot and Bulma, Vegeta let his hands go to his crotch and squeeze, legs coiling together. He was ashamed of himself, and not just because of the ridiculous dance he could no longer help. He’d needed to resort to Kakarot’s instant transmission again, the last resort, the thing that meant he’d lost and could no longer rely on himself to get out of his situation.

And then there was that horrid feeling that had almost overwhelmed him outside the public restroom. What the Hell WAS that?! What business did it have bothering HIM?! It was a puny, invisible, insignificant little emotion, it didn’t belong anywhere NEAR him! But, instead it had practically overpowered him today, he’d come dangerously close to that humiliating hyperventilation thing, something that made him look so pathetic and powerless, unable to even control his own breathing.

At least he hadn’t needed to ASK Kakarot to take him here. Thank fuck for that… It was embarrassing that Kakarot had so easily realized what he needed the second he needed it the most, but that was leagues better than having to ask, or— Or starting to choke on his breath in public.

He locked himself into his and Bulma’s bedroom, then locked the door to the restroom as well. His chest was still being annoying and causing him to shake. Once he was aimed at the toilet, his muscles remained taut. ‘Dammit…’ he thought, rubbing a hand over his bladder and only provoking more stabbing pulses. ‘You’re alone— TWO locked doors, just relax already!’

Once again, he didn’t know where to start, how to focus his energy. Every attempt to ‘relax’ only made his tension rise. He MUST have relaxed at SOME point in his life, even if just by accident. He couldn’t remember it though, couldn’t recall a single moment where he hadn’t felt some rigidity somewhere in his body.

Apparently, ‘relaxing’ wasn’t something he was supposed to TRY to do. Apparently, much like peeing, it was supposed to ‘just happen’. Knowing that intensified his frustration. How could Vegeta be SO bad at doing absolutely nothing?!

If Kakarot or Bulma were here, they’d tell him to stop thinking that way. Cringing, he forced himself to pretend they WERE there, encouraging him. He scolded himself for needing to imagine that, but it worked and his stream started to ebb out. For the first several seconds, his bladder kept stinging and throbbing as badly as ever, and he had to really strain to get it to continue emptying.

His release picked up speed and was at last pouring out with minimal input from him. He could finally just ‘let it happen’ like he was SUPPOSED to be doing all along. And, it felt so good to simply allow his body to do what it needed to do all on its own. It felt sort of… His shoulders went slack, they actually went SLACK, and the sensation was so bizarre and unfamiliar that it was kind of startling. Was that supposed to happen?

It really felt good to have less tension there, though…

***

Once Vegeta been gone for a few minutes, Bulma sighed; “I guess he needed to—“

“Yeah,” Goku admitted. “I’m still trying to help him and stuff. Don’t let him find out I told you, but he didn’t have much trouble going outside yesterday. It was fun, we both wrote our names in the snow.”

“Goku, why did you have to tell me that?”

“Today we were in this huge city, and I guess it was too crowded, and—“

“Did he try?” Bulma asked.

“Huh?”

Bulma lowered her voice, though she was sure Vegeta couldn’t hear them now. “The reason I told him to gather the balls is because I thought he’d end up in a situation where he’d have to try using a public bathroom.”

“Oh… Well, he… Uh, he TRIED to try, I guess…”

“Goku, that doesn’t even make sense. Did he try or not?”

“He got to the door,” Goku said.

“… So he DIDN’T try,” Bulma figured. “If this happens again, do you think you could convince him? Just… I don’t know, talk about how ‘easy’ it is, then he’ll need to prove he can do it ‘better’ than you, or something.”

Goku shrugged. That would probably provoke Vegeta into giving it a shot, but… “I don’t think I should do that.”

“It would work,” Bulma said. “He’d at least TRY it, I can’t even get him to do that much.”

Goku shook his head. “And then if he can’t go, and he doesn’t ‘defeat’ me…”.

“… Right,” Bulma nodded. The holding contest had helped because Vegeta had been victorious, and both she and Goku had KNOWN the outcome going in. This time, she was fairly certain of the outcome as well, but ‘losing’ wouldn’t result in any progress. The avoidance behavior would remain the same, if anything he’d be LESS likely to ever try it again. “There has to be some way you can convince him to—“

“I don’t think—“ Goku struggled. Vegeta wasn’t around to HEAR this, but Goku still felt like he’d know about it. “I don’t think Vegeta’s… ‘Ready’ for that yet.”

“What do you mean?”

“Well… Uh, you can’t sense chi, so I guess you wouldn’t have ever noticed, but… When we’re fighting, our energy spikes up and down a lot. It changes super fast.”

“So…?”

“So, if you can feel other people’s chi, you notice that. It’s really obvious. And, you can’t turn that off… If Vegeta’s in a battle, even if I don’t have a clear view, I still KNOW that he’s fighting, and I kind of have an idea of what he’s doing. When he was thinking about trying to pee in public, his chi was doing the same thing it does then. I don’t know why, but it felt really unstable, kind of… flaring, it just seemed like a bad sign.”

Bulma couldn’t sense chi, but she had an idea of what Goku might have been noticing. “Have you noticed that happen at any other time when he wasn’t fighting? Or, with anybody else?”

“Uuuummm…” Goku furrowed his brow. “I don’t— Yes!” He realized. “Gohan had this really big test at school, and he was worried about it for some reason, even though he’s never failed any of them, and his chi was acting weird. That’s probably because studying makes Gohan feel the same way fighting makes me feel, right?”

“I’m not so sure…”

“And… Okay, yeah, I think Vegeta’s does that a LOT, actually. Just, that was the most intense it ever was. And… Now that I’m thinking about it, his chi spikes way more during fights than anyone else’s… And not just when he’s charging attacks, either… Weird…”

“… I think what you’re noticing is his anxiety, Goku.”

“What’s that?”

“You know how Vegeta’s just ALWAYS sort of tense? And— I swear, he doesn’t even know HOW to relax… If he ever manages to do it, it’ll probably just confuse him or something…”

“Yeah,” Goku said. “He IS always a little—“

Vegeta came back around the corner. “Kakarot!” He said. “Is the radar fixed now?”

“… Yes, Vegeta,” Bulma said. “Go find the last of the balls.”
