Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*024*2023-07-21 20:42

After that, Bulma noticed that Vegeta left the door unlocked sometimes. It wasn’t very often, and he only did it at night once Trunks had been sent to bed and he no longer needed to worry about him running into their room. It was still major progress.

Bulma chose not to call attention to it, just felt relieved any time he left to pee and she didn’t hear the lock being messed with. There were a few occasions where a couple minutes of silence would follow him entering the restroom, and then she’d overhear him mumbling frustratedly before going back to lock the door, but she was thrilled that he was even trying. Other times, he’d go in, leave the door unlocked, and actually manage to pee. A few months ago, he likely wouldn’t have imagined that being possible.

Bulma ‘pushing’ him so hard HAD gotten him to take a big step. She didn’t want to do it again, though. As much as it looked like ‘forcing and shoving’ were the only things that WORKED to convince him to try these things, she knew how horrified he was that she’d seen him so frantic, needy and vulnerable for a few minutes there.

She wanted him to understand that it was perfectly fine to let himself be vulnerable with her, that she was the one person he should feel comfortable expressing those feelings around, but FORCING him to feel that way again would be torturing him.

Vegeta wanted to deal with this at his own pace. Unfortunately, that pace was just very slow. He insisted that the problem was ‘handled’ now, that being able to relieve himself easily while at home meant that it was resolved. True, getting home fast enough was seldom a problem for a person that could fly, but there were going to be times where he couldn’t just leave in the middle of something, and would have to either pee where he was or hold it until he got hurt.

Over the course of her research into Vegeta’s problem, Bulma had also discovered that, if his bladder was full and refusing to empty, a significant blow to the right spot in his lower abdomen could seriously injure him. She was positive he must have fought while extremely desperate in the past, and was grateful nothing terrible had happened as a result, but if he carried on like this, eventually he might not be so lucky.

Bulma wanted the problem fixed and gone immediately so that she could stop worrying so much about it. She was so disappointed that the dragon balls hadn’t been able to help, and she continually tried to come up with alternative wishes that might grant the same outcome. She just couldn’t think of any.

She knew Vegeta wanted it completely gone too. The amount of shame it brought him was clearly astronomical. He couldn’t see this enemy the way he saw all of his other ones.

But, Bulma had continually tried to MAKE him see it that way. Maybe that was the issue? Presenting each new thing as a ‘challenge’ and trying to rile him up, playing into the fact that he always treated everything like a battle. That might have just made it hurt worse any time he failed, adding to his reluctance to keep trying.

Perhaps, she should handle this with more subtlety somehow, rather than simply TELLING him what he should try next and arguing with him until he got so desperate that he complied.

She wasn’t sure what exactly to do, though.

***

Vegeta knew he was dreaming. He saw Kakarot right in front of him, but couldn’t sense him. So, he knew he wasn’t ACTUALLY stuck on that annoying running water planet Frieza had sent him to ages ago. He knew he was at home, in bed, and that all he had to do to get rid of the horrific pressure knotting up his bladder was wake up.

But, he couldn’t wake up. His brain was being a stubborn asshole and keeping him trapped here. No matter how many times he tried to control his chi and send it flaring through his body, the adrenaline rush wouldn’t arrive, and he remained here.

Here. Where he was surrounded by waterfalls. And by trees that had cameras stuck to them for some inane reason— Likely just because his brain was an asshole.

And Kakarot…

Kakarot even had to show up in his dreams to annoy him, didn’t he?!

“Just destroy all the cameras with your chi,” Kakarot said. “Then, you can go!”

“Kakarot…”

“Oh, looks like you maybe can’t move your hands,” Kakarot decided. “I’ll get rid of them for you!”

Since Vegeta knew he was dreaming, he saw no reason to stop holding himself. Why should he feel embarrassed in front of an imaginary Kakarot? He squeezed himself a little tighter just out of spite, in fact! The clutching didn’t seem to be bringing him any relief, though. He wondered if his real-world hands weren’t actually wedged between his legs like he wanted them to be.   “Don’t bother,” he told Kakarot. “I know I’m sleeping. If I piss here, I’ll just have a bigger problem to deal with. You SHOULD be trying to wake me up.”

“… You look like you’re awake,” Kakarot said. “Your eyes are ope—“

“I don’t sense your chi, and I haven’t been anywhere near this planet in years,” Vegeta said. “I KNOW I’m not awake!”

***

Bulma woke in the early hours of the morning, needing to pee. She groaned. This was so annoying, and it was always so hard to get back to sleep afterwar—

Awww, Vegeta was holding her! He was actually cuddling a little! He must have been DEEP asleep to be doing that! He was the least snuggly person in the universe, he only ever got this way when he was sleeping and unaware of it.

She supposed he must have been a TINY bit aware of it, though. Because, when he did this, he never squeezed her too hard, he never hurt her. On some level, he must have realized that he was grabbing onto her. Bulma enjoyed it when this happened, and she was almost reluctant to get up and leave his embrace. She really DID need the bathroom, though. If she stayed here in his warm arms too much longer, she could end up falling back asleep, which could easily be a disaster.

She started to get u—

Right…

He may have been GENTLY pulling her against his body, but she was STILL in the arms of a Saiyan. Gentle for him was still quite strong for anyone else. She wasn’t getting up until he let go.

Uncomfortable, Bulma squirmed slightly, hoping that might wake him up for a second. It didn’t.

She wondered if Chi-Chi ever had to deal with this with Goku. She had a feeling that Goku was a lot more prone to cuddling than Vegeta was…

***

So far, Kakarot had tried pinching Vegeta, hitting him, and imitating the sound of an alarm clock. Vegeta still couldn’t wake up, and he was significantly more desperate to do so. He recalled how much water he’d had right before bed, since he still saved the majority of it for the evening. All of it had filtered through his system by now, urgently trying to claw its way back out.

He was letting himself squirm, but it wasn’t doing much good. Worse than his urgent need for relief was the sheer frustration of it all. He KNEW that there was a toilet he could use just a few paces from his current position, not being able to GET to it because his own brain had chosen to torture him was pissing him off to no end.

Nnnh, ‘pissing’ him off… He needed to think of new terms to describe his rage with…

“I know!” Kakarot said. “I’ll scare you awake!”

“Feh, good luck with THAT, Kakarot!” Vegeta said. He uncrossed his legs, tangled them back in the other direction. It didn’t even make the smallest dent in his desperation. He felt like he was going to overflow, muscles spasming as heat brutally ebbed down his length. He didn’t feel anything spill out, and he REFUSED to let himself wet the bed again, not when he KNEW he was sleeping! “I’m not afraid of ANYTHING!”

“Then, I guess you won’t mind meeting my new friend…” Kakarot said.

Vegeta felt his bladder’s inner walls beginning to squeeze again, this time with much more force. The liquid filling him up wanted release so bad, he had to concentrate hard to keep it back.

***

Bulma was now fully awake, she no longer had to worry about falling asleep again. She needed to pee too badly for that to happen, her body couldn’t rest. Vegeta still hadn’t let go of her, though, in fact he was grasping her even tighter, if anything. Still not enough to cause any pain, apart from the pain involved with having to hold in her bladder.

“Vegeta,” she hissed out. “Wake up for a second!” She squirmed against him, wondering why her restless movement hadn’t been enough to disturb his sleep.

He didn’t look comfortable, either. His brows were furrowed, which she supposed was normal, but his jaw was really tense too. And he was shuddering slightly, legs moving around beneath the sheets. It looked like he was having a nightmare of some sort, something he’d vehemently deny if asked.

She nudged him with her foot slightly, “Get up!” She said, louder this time.

***

“Here he is!” Kakarot declared, holding out a small, slimy, pink worm.

Vegeta stared at it, unable to look away. He stopped squirming for a second, having momentarily forgotten how to move. ‘It’s not real, you’re imagining it.’ “Wha— Why are you showing me this?!” He demanded. His bladder spasmed sharply, and his thighs tensed up in an attempt to keep the flood inside him. The liquid was sloshing hard against his opening, but he HAD to keep it in. He was never going to wet the bed again, he would rather die! “You’re supposed to be helping me wake up!”

“I think this little guy might do the trick,” Kakarot said. “Say hello…” He stepped closer to Vegeta, whom took a step back, wincing as the pressure within him grew.

“I— I can see it just fine from here, thank you.”

“Come on, Vegeta, he’s nice,” Kakarot said, coming closer once more.

A fresh wave of desperation overtook Vegeta as Kakarot decided to put the worm ON his arm! It was… It was touching him, and even if it was just a dream, it FELT real, it was all slippery, and oozing, and— “K—K—Kakar—Kakarot!” It was all he could say. There was a worm TOUCHING him, and he had to PISS, and he couldn’t just wake up!

“He likes you!” Kakarot said.

Dream-Kakarot was so much worse than Real-Kakarot!

***

Bulma was beginning to grow VERY concerned that she was going to cause Vegeta to wake up in soaked sheets again. And SHE wouldn’t even have the excuse of being asleep during her accident. No, she’d just had the misfortune of being grasped onto by a ridiculously strong alien when she REALLY needed to be able to stand up.

She’d tried nudging his ankle a few more times, but that hadn’t done anything. She knew she needed to do it harder for it to actually phase him. She knew there was no chance of her accidentally bruising him, either. It was just hard to KICK someone that was sleeping so soundly and snuggling up to her— Especially when moments like this with him were so rare.

He was shaking more, confirming that he was indeed having a nightmare— He’d probably APPRECIATE being woken up out of it, right?

She groaned and nudged him a little harder. When that failed, she kicked against his leg and snapped, “Get up, Vegeta!”

His eyes blearily blinked open, and he started to let go of her. Finally…

Vegeta yawned, “Th—Thank you…” he said in a muffled, sleep-infused voice.

Wait— Did Vegeta ACTUALLY just say— That must have been a really bad nightma—

He quickly got out of the bed and walked on very stiff legs to the restroom, shutting the door.

…

…

Dammit…

Bulma couldn’t allow herself to dwell on the fact that Vegeta had FINALLY learned how to say ‘thank you’— albeit, while barely even awake and cognizant of it. He HADN’T been having a nightmare, he’d been having a different type of unpleasant dream.

And now she was going to have to wait here and listen to the results of that dream.

She REALLY hoped he was at least able to get STARTED quickly, though she had no doubts that it would take him a long time to finish.

***

Vegeta rubbed his eyes, squinting hard after he switched on the light in the restroom. He wasn’t even sure why he’d done it, Saiyans could see perfectly well in the dark. Annoying himself further, he glanced at his arm to CONFIRM that it was free of slime. Even though he KNEW the stupid worm had been a figment of his imagination, he still felt like it was there…

As his eyes adjusted to the bright light, his bladder gave a horrendous throb and he hurriedly situated himself in front of the toilet. His insides just cramped up even more harshly, heat stabbing at his opening. ‘Dammit— Come on, just work!’

A few halting dribbles seeped out, stinging as they burned forth. He forced himself to push against that, drawing out a longer spurt, then another. Then, at last, the thunderous stream he’d been holding back for so long.

The lessening of pressure felt wonderful, his lips parted in utter bliss. He was still sleepy, which made it even harder to avoid vocalizing his relief. His mind was all foggy and hazy, tiredness and relief making it hard to think clearly, to remember WHO he was, and that the prince of all Saiyans did NOT moan while engaged in such an embarrassing activity! “Ahhh….”

***

Bulma always felt a little uncomfortable listening to Vegeta go. She knew he didn’t WANT her to hear it gushing out like that, and the amount he released never ceased to concern her. This time, she felt more uncomfortable than ever. Having to hear him pee SO much for SO long while she also needed to go badly brought it to an all new level.

She crossed her legs tightly as his overburdened bladder continued to spill noisily from the other side of the door. She gritted her teeth and kept her hands gripped at her sides. She was NOT going to say anything, she was NOT going to knock on the door. She was NOT going to ask if he was nearly done, or if he could hurry up. Vegeta would have an awful reaction to that. He’d probably stop peeing long before he was finished, his anxiety worsening as he endured the aches of being forced to stop mid-stream. It would take him ages to be able to resume relieving himself afterwards.

Vegeta NEEDED to be left alone. This would be over a lot faster if she just stayed quiet and let him feel secure in his privacy. But, a glance at the clock told her he’d only been going for a minute so far. That meant he still had a lot more to get out, and she couldn’t stop squirming as she waited. If she held still, even for a second, she doubted it would end well.

There were other restrooms, but some of the employees would be in by now. And, well… It was vain and silly, but she didn’t want to be seen by too many people while she was in her pajamas and her hair was still mussed up from sleeping.

And… Okay, maybe she was ALSO a little worried that walking around too much would make her bladder burst…

‘Vegeta, please hurry up…’ she thought. Though, with as loud as his stream was, he was probably pissing as fast as possible…

Then, she heard him… moan…

Of course, she HAD heard him moan before. She’d MADE him moan plenty of times. She’d never heard him do it so loudly while peeing, though. It was a weird thing to imagine him doing.

***

Oh, why had he sighed like that?! It was humiliating! He couldn’t help it! He was too sleep-addled to control himself as well as he usually could! He hoped Bulma hadn’t been close enough to the door to hear that. And, he wished his bladder would hurry up and finish draining, now that he’d lost control of his mouth, his embarrassment had increased tenfold. He considered himself lucky that the emotions hadn’t made him lock back up again.

***

Vegeta stopped peeing for a moment, but Bulma didn’t dare hope that he was done already. Sure enough, his stream resumed just a second later, as fast and loud as ever. He sounded like a broken bath faucet.. How had he been so sound asleep with his bladder so full?! The pain of it should have woken him up long before Bulma did.

‘Come ON, Vegeta…’ Bulma thought, turning her knees towards one another. ‘You’re not the only one that has to go.’ The temptation to ask him to hurry was very strong. She knew that, as soon as the first word was out of her mouth, Vegeta would cease peeing— Whether he was actually finished or not. Chances were, he’d get angry and just storm out of the room, huffing and cursing at the fact that he’d need to try again later. One word, and the restroom would be vacant.

Vegeta would be beyond furious, of course. ‘Woman, what is WRONG with you?’ He’d yell. ‘You know FAR better than to speak to me when I’m… attending to that!’ Bulma could deal with him being grouchy, that was his default emotion anyway. But, then there was always the chance that she’d accidentally undo some of the progress he’d made. Vegeta’s ‘problem’ was even more volatile than his temper, doing anything to worsen it would be horrible.

‘Just wait…’ Bulma told herself. ‘He HAS to be done soon…’ But, she knew how huge his bladder was, she knew how long it typically took him to empty it. It had been around three minutes now, and the watery sounds in the other room hadn’t even started to dwindle.

When the flow finally did end, Bulma was surprised that she hadn’t leaked yet. Five straight minutes of listening to Vegeta piss while holding her bladder had to count as some form of torture. At last, the door opened again and Vegeta’s grogginess seemed to vanish entirely when he saw her standing so close to it.

“H—How long were you—“

“Not long!” Bulma promised. “I only heard the sink, I swear!”

Vegeta’s face reddened anyway. He checked the clock, then headed back to bed. A moment later, he could hear Bulma peeing, which made him blush more. He felt the exact same level of awkwardness he would have experienced had she been listening to him go.

At least she hadn’t heard him tonight— Especially that embarrassing… vocalization he hadn’t been able to stop.

***

Vegeta had promised to spend the next day with Trunks, but he’d THOUGHT that would involve the two of them training together. That was what their father-son days typically consisted of, after all. He’d also assumed that, whatever they did, it would just be the two of them— No involvement from that blasted Kakarot!

Vegeta was wrong on both counts.

Kakarot was taking Goten to the amusement park, and Trunks begged to go as well. Vegeta had struggled not to roll his eyes. What was the point of going to such a place? As far as he understood it, the Earthlings constructed amusement parks because the vast majority of them lacked the ability to fly. The steel contraptions in those parks thus became the humans’ closest equivalent to flight.

But, Trunks could fly perfectly well, so Vegeta had no idea what he’d need to get on a roller-coaster for. He told his son as much, “You can already fly faster and higher than any of those rides.”

“Yeah,” Trunks nodded. “But, when I’m flying I always know which direction I’m gonna go next so I’m never surprised. Plus, some of the roller-coasters go backwards, and it’s really hard to fly backwards without crashing into stuff.”

The dent Trunks had put in one of the walls could attest to that…

“Just let me teach you how,” Vegeta said. “By the time I was your age, I could do it backwards with my eyes shut!”

“Maybe some other time,” Trunks said. “I wanna hang out with Goten.”

“Alright. Have fun.”

“But, I wanted YOU to come!” Trunks whined.

Vegeta would prefer NOT to spend the day at an over-crowded, noisy amusement park. Particularly if Kakarot was going to be there. “I’m going to train.”

“You do that EVERY day!” Trunks said. “Come on! You haven’t played with me in forever!”

“I spent time with you last week.”

“Yeah, but all we did was train… I wanna do something fun.”

“Training is supposed to be fun,” Vegeta sighed. “You acted like you were enjoying yourself.”

“I was… But…” Trunks had learned how to manipulate Dad from watching Mom. He thought he could do it too. “Do you not wanna go because you’re scared of roller-coasters?”

Vegeta seethed, “I can already move faster than them, so why would I find them the least bit threatening?”

“And GOTEN’S dad is going!” Trunks added. “So, HE’S not scared!”

“I’m not scared, you’re being ridiculous! If you want me to go with you THAT badly, I will!”

Trunks smiled, “Thanks, Dad!” He started to rush away, “Come on, let’s go!”

Vegeta didn’t follow him immediately. The last time he’d relieved himself had been in the middle of the night. He hadn’t had enough time to fill up TOO much, but the urge to go was present and unavoidable. He’d also made it a point to never leave the house unless he was COMPLETELY empty. He’d made the mistake of going somewhere without draining himself out first too many times to ever allow it to happen again.

The amusement park would be crowded, of course, the only places he could attempt to find relief would be inside some of Earth’s decidedly uncomfortable public restrooms— He’d be lucky if he even managed to force himself to ENTER one, no way would he actually use it. The park was also in the center of a city, so Vegeta would have a tough time flying off to find some privacy in a forest without someone wondering where he’d gone.

If he didn’t pee now, he was going to regret it.

“Come ON, Dad!” Trunks repeated, realizing Vegeta was still just standing there.

“In a moment Trunks…” Vegeta said, glancing in the direction of his bedroom.

“But, Goten and his dad are gonna beat us!”

Vegeta had to work hard not to take that bait… “They won’t, I just— I have to do something before we leave.” He’d told Trunks about the problem already, Trunks would probably understand without needing a full explanation.

“But, you’re already dressed and stuff, what else do you need to do?”

‘I need to piss while we’re still here, otherwise my bladder will try to murder me today,’ Vegeta thought. “It’s— I— Wanted to…” This was bullshit, he thought it should get EASIER to say this each time he needed to. But, he never became any more willing to form the words. “It’s… Nothing. I just need a couple minu—“

“But, Dad— If it’s nothing, can’t we just leave?” Trunks was a little confused. He wasn’t used to hearing Dad stammer, and it was weird seeing him blush, too… Was Dad ACTUALLY scared of roller-coasters? He’d only said that as a joke…

Vegeta looked towards his bedroom again, willing himself to just SAY it— Trunks didn’t even care about his problem, it should have been so simple to bring it up to him! But, he still couldn’t manage it… “F—Fine,” he said. “Let’s leave…” He’d be alright. He hadn’t had much to drink yet today, he’d probably sweat a lot of it out anyway, and it hadn’t been THAT long since he’d last used the restroom. He’d be fine.

‘If it gets bad, Kakarot will be there,’ Vegeta reminded himself, then furrowed his brow at his own traitorous thoughts. That had sounded an awful lot like he was starting to… Appreciate Kakarot for something! And that was obviously impossible! He didn’t ever enjoy having Kakarot around, for ANY reason! He certainly didn’t NEED Kakarot for anything! He was fine!

When they reached the amusement park, Kakarot was easy to find. Goten was jumping excitedly beside him, already hopped up on sugar and adrenaline. Vegeta tried not to cringe, tried not to let the headache take hold. He couldn’t understand why he found Goten’s excitement so much more irritating than Trunks’s, it wasn’t like Trunks was any quieter…

“Mom measured me this morning,” Goten announced. “I’m tall enough to go on all the big rides now!”

“I doubt it. Your hair doesn’t count, remember?” Trunks said.

Goten pouted, “Yeah, it does so! I asked your Dad how tall he was once, and he counted HIS hair, so hair counts!”

“Oh… Dad, is that why you make your hair stick up like that? You wanna look taller?”

“M—My hair has always looked this way since the day I was born!” Vegeta said, glancing away quickly.

“I’m surprised you came,” Kakarot said happily. “I figured it was just going to be Trunks.”

“I am regretting my decision immensely, I assure you,” Vegeta said. His bladder twinged a little, warning him that he was going to be regretting it a lot more soon. Before the day was out, he just KNEW he was going to be stuck going to Kakarot and mumbling something about needing to go home. He was going to have to rely on Kakarot— again— because he lacked the ability to fix his problem on his own. Pathetic.

“Aw, come on, Vegeta!” Kakarot chided him. “It’ll be fun! Goten says the roller-coasters feel like you’re flying!”

“Kakarot, you can ALREADY fly!”

“Yeah, so that means I’ll be able to compare the feelings!”

Vegeta sighed, Kakarot wasn’t making this sound any less pointless. “Well… Have fun with that,” he said, rolling his eyes.

“I will!”

“I was being sarca— Never mind…”

They entered the park a few minutes later, and Vegeta’s attention was immediately drawn towards the large fountain in the center of it. What purpose did those things even serve? They were a waste of water— The liquid couldn’t be drank, nor could anyone wash themselves in it, and it wasn’t even deep enough to swim. It was just— Just THERE for the sake of being there. Bulma said they were meant to be ‘decorative’, and Vegeta had never been able to wrap his head around why humans were compelled to put random things everywhere just because they allegedly ‘looked nice’.

The only purpose that fountain served was to irritate him. His hearing was too good, and the heavy knowledge that he hadn’t relieved himself before coming here made it even more difficult to tune out the sound of flowing water. He thought he’d just blow the thing up if he didn’t know that Bulma would scold him over it for months after she got sent the repair bill.

So, Vegeta was going to have to endure that noise, which somehow managed to sound louder to him than the crowd inside the park. And it reminded him so much of… of OTHER things that he needed to tense his thighs in response to a sudden increase in pressure. He bounced once on his toes, unable to help it, but certain no one would notice such a small action.

Goku noticed it. He’d already known that, if Vegeta was joining them on this trip, he would need to be brought home for a minute at some point. Vegeta had gotten all panicky at the mere THOUGHT of trying to use a public restroom in an area that was way less populated than this one. That panic would be way worse here, Goku could only imagine how wildly his chi would spike.

And, while Goku figured Vegeta COULD hold it through the entire day, he didn’t want his friend to actually try to do that. He doubted Vegeta would, because once it started getting bad enough to make him squirm, he’d inevitably be mortified to act like that here. He WOULD request Goku’s help eventually, as much as it seemed to always bring him physical pain to do it.

It wasn’t a matter of ‘if’, only ‘when’.

Goku WAS a bit surprised to see Vegeta showing some discomfort already, though. Apparently, something must have prevented him from peeing before he left home today… And he was probably too embarrassed to admit that and ask for Goku to assist him so soon.

Vegeta didn’t enjoy it when Goku was the first one to broach this subject, though. And, he wasn’t acting like he did when he was ready to burst, so Goku decided to wait a little while longer before he said anything. Hopefully, Vegeta would bring it up himself before it got that bad.

Goku noticed Vegeta glaring off to his side, and followed his gaze until he noticed the fountain. Yeah… That sound probably WASN’T doing him any favors now… Best to get him away from it.

“What did you guys want to go on first?” He asked Goten and Trunks.

The boys each called out the names of different rides, and Goku said they’d definitely be able to go on both, suggesting the one he knew to be furthest from the fountain first.

“Very well,” Vegeta said. “I’ll just meet up with you by the—“

“Aww, come on, Vegeta!” Goku chided. “You’re not just gonna stand around and watch all day, are you? That’s no fun!”

“I’ve been looking around this place for three minutes, and it’s already clear that ninety percent of your time here is spent waiting in lines. If that’s what you want to do, go ahead. But, I think running some laps will be a much better use of my time than standing still for ages.”

“But, Dad!” Trunks whined. “I wanted you to come so we could do stuff together!”

“… Fine,” Vegeta grumbled. What… What was that THING Trunks was doing with his eyes? They were, like, bigger than usual… Why the Hell did that make Vegeta want to do what he asked? Had someone taught Trunks a mind-control technique? Who did that?! He was gonna kill them!

“Yay!”

A little while later, Vegeta was impatiently standing in line for the ride Trunks had wanted to go on. He hated staying still for prolonged periods even in the BEST of circumstances, but when he had an extremely noticeable pressure continuing to build in his bladder, it was even HARDER not to move. Having to pee only made it more necessary for him to hold still, though. He was hyper aware of how he was standing, looking down at himself repeatedly to make sure nothing about his posture made it look like he needed to go.

He wanted to tap his foot, like he typically did when his extremely limited patience was wearing thin. Ordinarily, he’d do that without even thinking about it, it didn’t matter if those around him saw that he was testy and irritated. But, when his bladder was aching, such a motion was forbidden, he was sure everyone would think his foot was bouncing because he was desperate to pee, and it had NOTHING to do with him being in an annoyed mood.

Vegeta knew that this worry was ridiculous— He was agitated so often, of course most people would assume that was his only problem. No one would jump straight to thinking that he was going to burst just because he appeared tetchy and irritated. Still, the fullness inside of him, the shame that squeezed tightly around it… It always made him feel so…

‘Maybe a little vulnerable?’

Bulma’s words came back to him… Preposterous as THEY were. Vegeta didn’t feel vulnerable at all, he was incapable of such an emotion.

His need was worsening as he forced himself to stand in the aggravatingly long line. The pulses within were coming on a lot faster and stronger than before. At least the fountain was no longer visible to him, but he swore he could still kind of hear it a little. It may have just been his imagination, though. Or, maybe he was listening to the sound of his rapidly filling bladder sloshing.

Trunks kept talking to him, and he really was TRYING to listen and respond, but he knew he was doing a bad job of that. There were too many things distracting him, his discomfort, his need to CONCEAL said discomfort, stress over when and how he’d be able to alleviate it…

Obviously, the only way ‘how’ was to eventually break down and ask Kakarot. Emptying his bladder here was entirely out of the question. Just the thought of it… The lines for the restrooms were long, too. And, if he appeared ‘impatient’ in one of those, of course everyone would think he was really desperate! They’d be… looking at him, and thinking about how full he was, thinking that he might not ‘make it’ to the front of the line fast enough…

But, of course he WOULD manage to do that! He’d get to the front, and… Possibly be stuck trying to use one of those ridiculous urinal-things the Earthlings had stupidly invented. Just… Out in the open, face going red, body shaking, visibly struggling, clearly not going, where anyone could see! A stall wouldn’t even be that much better, he’d still be overheard as he fought with himself.

The image of that iced him all the way down to his bones, the blood in his veins froze and a chill worked up his spine. If merely THINKING about it made him feel… This… Then actually attempting to do it would just destroy him.

“Vegeta,” Kakarot said. “Are you okay?”

Vegeta jumped slightly, realizing that his shuddering may have been noticeable. “I’m fine, Kakarot. Just bored out of my skull, can’t this line move any faster?”

“You… Uh… You look a little ‘cold’, Vegeta,” Kakarot pointed out.

“I’m fine,” Vegeta repeated. He had a feeling Kakarot could already tell what the real problem was— Kakarot was way too damned good at that, Vegeta thought that he could hold totally still, not shake even the tiniest bit, keep a perfectly neutral expression on his face, and Kakarot would STILL somehow figure it out. He’d see Vegeta’s ankles were closer together than usual, or something tiny and insignificant like that, and it would be enough for him to know.

“Er… Do you want me to… I mean, do you want something to help you warm up?”

Vegeta knew EXACTLY what Kakarot was really offering, and it was very tempting, but they were getting CLOSER to the front of the line now, and Trunks REALLY wanted his dad to go on this stupid thing with him. Vegeta wasn’t bursting, just uncomfortable. He could wait for a more convenient time. “Perhaps later…”

The roller-coaster, to Vegeta’s surprise, felt quite a bit different from flying. For starters, he wasn’t in control of its speed. So if, for example, there was some… ‘reason’ that he kind of wanted to slow down and move at a calmer, steadier pace, that wasn’t an option.

Second, he didn’t get to choose which directions it moved in. He’d thought, initially, that this didn’t matter since he could see the track just fine, but sometimes the cart would go backwards without warning. So, if there was something bothering him, something that would be further agitated by a sudden, unexpected jerk, he wasn’t able to prepare himself for it.

Finally, when he flew, he didn’t have a metal bar over his lap that continually jabbed him in the worst possible spot, over and over and over again!

By the time the ride was over, Vegeta’s legs were wobbling. His bladder felt like it had been put through a cement mixer, tossed around in circles. Stinging liquid sloshed hard against its aching walls, pressure expanding and making it very difficult to walk normally.

Trunks noticed his shaky steps, “Pfft, Dad, you ARE afraid of roller-coasters?” He asked, laughing.

Goten cracked up too, “Heheheh, Mr. Vegeta’s scared…”

“Of course I’m not!” Vegeta exclaimed, attempting once more to straighten himself out. “I— I just—“

“He’s probably a little dizzy is all,” Kakarot said. “Right, Vegeta?”

“Uh… Yeah…” Vegeta said.

“Yep,” Kakarot said. “We don’t fly in loops like that very often, so if either of you think he’s walking weird, that’s why.”

“I like flying loops,” Goten said, thoroughly distracted now. “Trunks, Trunks, I bet I could do more loops than you before I throw up!”

“No, you couldn’t!” Trunks disagreed.

They continued to bicker, and Vegeta was just grateful their attention had been diverted away from his struggle to walk without his knees rubbing. His bladder STILL hadn’t calmed down after the torment of the ride, the pressure inside of it was searing, jabbing very sharply at his opening. He gritted his fists uselessly by his sides, jaw tightening along with his thighs. The intensity of his need showed no signs of abating, he was going to have to—

“Dad!” Goten squealed suddenly. “I really have to go to the bathroom now!” He was squirming around, in the way that… In the way that Vegeta was fighting so hard NOT to, despite a desperate desire to do so.

Trunks snorted as he watched his friend, making Vegeta blush even though HE was doing so well keeping mostly still!

“Okay, okay,” Kakarot said. “I’ll find you one, it’s alright.”

“Hurry!” Goten begged.

“I will— Trunks, do you need to—“

“I’m fine,” Trunks said. “I’ll wait here with Dad.”

Kakarot and his spawn were off then, leaving Vegeta with Trunks. “The roller-coaster actually made you dizzy?” Trunks asked. “But, you fight while flying around all the time, you don’t get sick then!”

“I… Am mostly in control of the directions I move then,” Vegeta said. “It’s different.” He tried to will his legs to stop shaking now that Trunks was looking right at him. They didn’t want to listen. They wanted to cross, and kept trying to, requiring him to force them away from each other. He knew he didn’t look ‘normal’…

Trunks watched, “Did you bruise your knee training? Mom told you that 600 times Earth’s gravity was gonna be too much—“

Vegeta couldn’t stand here anymore. He had to move, this forced stillness was going to make him lose it— It was going to send him doubling over, and then Trunks would know what was ACTUALLY bothering him. “I'm hungry,” he decided. “Let’s go get some food.”

“We’re supposed to wait here for Goten and his Dad.”

“They’ll be able to sense where we are,” Vegeta said. “It doesn’t matter. Come on.” He started to walk off, and while THAT didn’t feel particularly pleasant, it was much better than trying to maintain complete stillness. Trunks followed him until they found one of the concessions stands. There were some picnic tables surrounding it, which was good. Vegeta could sit down and kind of… Shield himself a little, allow his lower body to squirm a bit.

There was, of course, a line though. He glanced longingly at the tables, desperate for the meagre privacy they would offer. He’d be able to bounce his knees, to tap his feet, to cross his legs… If he turned himself correctly, he might even be able to get away with holding himself for a few seconds.

If he could just get in control of this intense, flaring desperation, then he’d be able to wait calmly for a little longer, just a bit longer— Just until he found a good moment to allow Kakarot to bring him home.

But, for now, he had to wait in the line, and stay STILL. His toes clenched up inside his boots as he stood for agonizingly long moments, trying not to bounce his heels or wriggle. The crowd surrounding the stand was setting him very much on edge. So many people to witness if his bladder were to surge just a little too much and force him to double over. He shut his eyes, but this did little to ease the tension, he could still hear everyone, could still sense them…

They finally got to the front, Vegeta just read off a bunch of random foods from the menu, too distracted to be picky— He and Trunks would eat just about anything anyways. Trunks asked for a soda, then paused “Aren’t you gonna drink anything, Dad?”

Trunks looked concerned, and Vegeta felt warm and, yes even VULNERABLE, from his desperate need for release. The last thing he needed was more liquids. “Not thirsty,” he said. He looked back at the tables again, hating how pathetic he was being. He was dying to be over there, even though there’d be no relief, only a tiny bit of privacy in which he could hold himself.

“You’re gonna choke if you don’t have any water,” Trunks said.

That… HAD happened before, a long time ago. Trunks couldn’t have been older than two… Bulma had taken them both to a fancy restaurant, and just INSISTED that Vegeta ride in the car even though he could fly. He had been unable to pee for ages already, the traffic was horrendous, and the idea of getting his bladder even MORE full before heading back into the traffic was unacceptable. So, he’d refused to drink anything, and his throat dried out enough that he got a little choked.

Somehow, Trunks could still remember that.

It must have scared him, or something, for it to stick in his mind…

“Fine, I’ll get some,” Vegeta sighed, and the urge to grab himself as the person at the counter filled up the cup was strong. The sound was unbearable. The liquid inside him seemed to slosh with it. He took the cup as soon as it was full, but had no intention of drinking any.

He was finally allowed to sit down at one of the tables, scooting forward as much as he could to shield his lower body. His knees immediately started to bounce, ankles rubbing. Trunks was busy with his food, not paying too much attention, so Vegeta allowed one hand to move between his legs, squirming into the much needed pressure.

“Hey!” Trunks said.

Vegeta froze for a second, then hurriedly pulled the hand away— He’d noticed, he’d seen, he’d—

“Goten,” Trunks called, “We’re over here!”

Goten ran over, “No fair, you got food without me!” he accused.

Trunks picked up some of his snacks and stood, “I’ll share them with you, stop being a baby.”

Goten smiled and started to follow Trunks to another table, but Kakarot stopped him, “Okay, Goten— Try to remember what I said for the rest of the day.”

Goten nodded, blushing. “I know… I’ll tell you sooner next time.”

Once the kids had gone to a different table, Kakarot sat beside Vegeta. “Poor Goten, the line was SO long, he’s really lucky someone let us cut…”

Vegeta tried not to groan as he turned away, gripping a hand against his jiggling knee since he was too embarrassed to hold on where he REALLY needed to.

“He didn’t say anything ’til it was almost too late,” Kakarot said. “I guess I can’t blame him, though. I still do that sometimes.”

“Kakarot, could we speak about literally ANYTHING else?” Vegeta requested. He shoved some of the snacks he’d gotten towards Kakarot— It wasn’t exactly easy for him to eat right now, anyway. “Here, stuff your face and stop talking.”

“Okay.”

***

As the kids ate, Goten kept glancing over to the other table.

“What do you keep staring at?” Trunks asked.

“Your Dad’s acting weird,” Goten informed, taking another large bite of food. “He does that sometimes…”

“Weird?” Trunks repeated, confused. Dad hadn’t shouted at Goten’s dad in a while, or called him any strange names. Actually, Dad had been pretty quiet lately, which Trunks supposed was unusual for him, but not that interesting. “What do you mean?”

“He’s shivering, and he won’t sit up straight, which is weird ‘cause normally he’s all stiff and glaring at everybody and stuff…” Goten took a sip from his drink. “Except, sometimes he changes and I dunno why.”

Trunks looked over at his Dad as well now. Goten was right that Dad’s posture wasn’t as rigid as usual, and Trunks figured that was just because he was taking the day off… But, the way he was sitting now didn’t make him look more relaxed than usual. Actually, it was quite the opposite. He looked extremely tense, jaw tight, shoulders drawn in… And he WAS shivering, which was something Trunks had seen him do fairly often and had never paid much attention to.

He was acting kind of weird, and Trunks had no clue as to why until he noticed Dad’s foot was bouncing. Trunks shrugged and turned back to Goten, “It’s nothing, I think he just needs to—“ He stopped himself and shoved several fries into his mouth, as many as he could fit. He couldn’t believe what he’d almost said! Dad would be so angry at him!

“Needs to what…?” Goten asked.

Trunks struggled to swallow the mouthful without choking, trying to think of something else to say. “N—Needs to get back to training,” Trunks said. “He always gets super tense if he can’t do that.”

“Oh,” Goten said. After a moment, he added “But, I’ve seen him act all weird even after fighting and stuff, too…”

“Then maybe it’s something else,” Trunks said quickly. “I dunno.” He looked back towards his father. Now that he’d recognized it, he could tell Dad REALLY needed to go… Dad wouldn’t squirm like that if it weren’t necessary. That was probably what Dad had meant earlier when he’d said he wanted to do something before they left the house. He’d already needed to pee then, and Trunks trying to rush him out the door had made him too embarrassed to admit it.

Dad was probably ALREADY angry at him…

Trunks had seen his Dad desperate to pee several times. Dad never SAID anything about it, but sometimes the way he acted made it pretty obvious. Now that Trunks knew why Dad never just WENT, he felt kind of bad. Trunks didn’t know when his father actually peed, but assumed he usually only did it at home. They were gonna be here ALL day. Dad was really tough, he was the toughest Dad in the world! But, could he really hold it that long?

Trunks wasn’t imagining his Dad having an accident— He couldn’t even picture that— But he had this vague idea of some other bad thing that might happen instead. Dad had probably waited for ages and ages lots of times before and had gotten used to it, yet he still just felt… Well, it was a new feeling, but he felt kind of sorry for his Dad the more he thought about this thing. They were here to have fun together— Dad rarely let himself have fun to begin with!— and that was gonna be harder if he was uncomfortable the whole time.

Was there a way to make him feel better? Dad could go pee at home… Goten’s dad could teleport… Yeah, Trunks just had to get Goten’s dad to take them to the house for a little bit! However, Trunks knew his OWN father well enough to guess he wouldn’t ask Goten’s for a favor like that. Goten’s dad probably didn’t even know about the problem to start with, and Dad would NEVER tell him about it, much less request help!

Trunks kept thinking about it, and eventually settled on a plan. He wasn’t going to enjoy putting that plan into action very much, but if it meant Dad could feel comfortable enough to have fun with him, he’d do it.

Trunks finished the last of his food, then stood up and ran over to his Dad. “Dad, I wanna go on another ride with you!” He said. “Just us this time!”

Vegeta tried to stop bouncing his feet as he turned around. Another ride would annihilate his bladder, the bloated organ STILL hadn’t calmed down after the first one! He needed Kakarot to take him home first, but he couldn’t think of a good excuse to use in front of Trunks. He couldn’t think of anything other than the truth, which was that he was currently dying to pee and in very real danger of squirming and clutching himself in full view of a crowd of people today.

Yet, he couldn’t say that…

He noticed Kakarot giving him a worried look as he forced himself to his feet, “Alright…” he managed. “Show me which one.”

“Uuuum… This way!” Trunks decided, leading him off.

Vegeta fought to keep up with Trunks’s pace. His bladder was balanced so precariously inside of him that one wrong step would make it pound and throb so torturously that he was forced to stop for a second to regain control without losing his composure. He felt himself sweating copiously, felt his knees rubbing, felt his thighs straining. He knew he must have been walking strangely, and hoped that, coupled with the perspiration rolling off of him and the warm blush on his face, he looked more ‘overheated’ than he did ‘bursting to piss’.

Trunks hoped that taking Dad this way wouldn’t end too badly… He knew this was the last thing Dad would WANT to see right now, but he thought it was necessary for his plan to be believable. He needed Dad to fall for this, to make sure he didn’t realize Trunks had figured out why he was so uncomfortable.

Trunks thought Dad WOULD believe it. He’d been having fun at an amusement park all day, not really paying attention to things, he’d drank that big soda, and then he’d be near an enormous fountain that would remind him of anything he’d been neglecting.

Trunks really wasn’t going to LIKE what had to come next, though.

After a few minutes of pained walking, Vegeta had to try very hard not to curse when they went by that infernal fountain again. He didn’t WANT to look at, much less HEAR the stupid thing, but he couldn’t divert his attention away from it. In fact, his eyes just seemed to be DRAWN to it. His aching midsection throbbed urgently at the sight, huge bursts of liquid spouting out, rushing hard and fast into the pool below. It was reminding him a bit of his awful dream from the previous night, being stuck on that horrible water planet again…His back started to twinge… ‘Dammit, stop looking at it! Pretend it’s not there!’

Trunks saw Dad start to shake more as he stared at the fountain. He started to squirm around, which felt really weird since he didn’t ACTUALLY need to pee. He then tugged on his father’s hand to get his attention, “Daaaad!”

Vegeta was grateful for the distraction from the fountain until he looked down and saw WHAT exactly Trunks was whining about. He did not want to subject himself to the torment of standing in a restroom for several minutes, unable to urinate in it. “You are old enough to go by yourself now, Trunks,” he reminded. “I will wait right h—“

“B—But, I,” Trunks looked down, trying to appear embarrassed. He figured he was doing a good job, he could feel that he was blushing a bit from the silly dance he was making himself do. “The lines are all super long, and I don’t think I can wait…”

Vegeta’s first instinct was to demand why he hadn’t gone earlier, before it had become such a serious emergency, but he gritted his teeth and held it back. Preventing Trunks from inheriting The Problem was secretly one of Vegeta’s most important goals, part of that was ensuring Trunks was never made to feel ashamed when he needed to go. He LOOKED very ashamed now…

Vegeta glanced around until he spotted a restroom. He’d been pointedly ignoring them all day, lest his bladder decide to start ‘acting up’ at the sight of them— as if it wasn’t the infernal thing’s OWN fault that the room was utterly useless to Vegeta. He saw that the line was, indeed, VERY long. Trunks was fidgeting an awful lot, should Vegeta encourage him to wait through it anyway?

Trunks already didn’t think he could make it, if he turned out to be RIGHT and then had an accident in front of all these people… Vegeta would have basically set him UP to develop The Problem. His son would be humiliated, devastatingly embarrassed, and that was how it would start. He’d THINK about the awful experience every time he needed to pee, the feelings twisting and coiling inside of him until they transformed into something new and monstrous.

And, it would ultimately be Vegeta’s fault for not helping him properly.

If Vegeta himself weren’t so uncomfortably weighted down by his own over-full bladder, he knew he’d be able to rush Trunks to a different restroom very quickly, hopefully there was one elsewhere in the park with less of a line. But, running wasn’t a great idea at the moment, the warning pulses in his lower back would ignite and the blinding agony of gallons of acidic heat scorching his kidneys would follow. If that pain overtook him in such a crowded area, if it made him shout and double over, everyone would stare… The only thing that could possibly be worse would be if he somehow actually lost control of his bladder here…

Plus, having to carry Trunks at the same time… What if Trunks accidentally kneed him in the wrong spot while he was wriggling around?

There was another solution, Vegeta hoped it wouldn’t embarrass Trunks as badly as it often did him… “Kakar— Goten’s Dad can teleport, remember? He can take you home for a second.”

Trunks tried not to smile. Awesome! This was working! He was gonna help his dad! He made himself squirm some more, “Wh—Where is he? Hurry!”

“You should be able to sense his…” Vegeta paused. If Trunks was as bad off as he looked, he was probably struggling to focus enough for that. “This way, I’ll take you.” It felt like Kakarot and Goten had left the picnic tables, but they weren’t TOO far away from them. He took Trunks’s hand and led him back in the other direction.

Now that he had an actual goal, Vegeta found he could walk a little easier. His need to hurry, to keep Trunks’s bladder from getting broken in the way that his own was, was somehow even stronger than his need to pee. If Trunks developed this Problem, he would never, EVER forgive himself. This was the ONLY thing he didn’t want Trunks to inherit from him.

He could see Kakarot, almost there…

But, as he got closer to Kakarot, and thought of what he was going to say, the worse he felt. “Trunks needs you to take him home for a minute, he can’t wait through the line for the bathroom.” If someone said anything along those lines in regards to HIM, it would be mortifying! If he said that, he would only humiliate Trunks. Even if it only bothered his son a LITTLE, Vegeta was determined to prevent him from associating the need to urinate with even the SMALLEST hint of shame. That was the only way to ensure The Problem wasn’t passed down to him.

Vegeta WAS still… Deeply, deeply uncomfortable, Kakarot had already noticed it. Maybe he wouldn’t have to say ANYTHING to Kakarot, but if he DID… He could say that HE was the only one that was… In a rush…

He reached Kakarot and, ugh, there were SO many people! He didn’t want to speak, even in a whisper— He was so bad at whispering anyway! Even when he tried his very best to talk softly, it never worked, someone would hear him, someone would know—

He had to take care of Trunks… “K—Kakarot!”

Kakarot turned, “Hey, you guys already—“

“I— I need you t—to bring me home immediately. F—For… Uh… You know…” Ugh, even being THAT fucking vague was making him sweat. He squirmed, stepping in place, his disobedient body forcing him to emphasize his point against his will.

Trunks was surprised his father hadn’t mentioned HIM needing to go home at all… He didn’t understand why he hadn’t. ‘My kid’s the one that needs to pee really bad’ was such a good excuse to get out of having to admit his own desperation. Trunks tried not to frown, he’d done all that embarrassing dancing and then Dad hadn’t even used the ‘cover story’ he’d handed to him! ‘Maybe Dad just has to pee so much now that he can’t even think anymore…’

Trunks watched as Goten’s dad looked them both over. He forced himself to squirm even more obviously, hating that Goten was there to see him doing it. His face was on fire…

Goten’s dad furrowed his brow with concern, “O—Oh, okay,” he said. “Right now?“

“Immediately,” Vegeta repeated harshly. How DARE Kakarot make him say it twice? It was embarrassing enough the first time! He wouldn’t have ASKED Kakarot for this to begin with if the situation weren’t dire, it should have been obvious enough—

Kakarot looked down, “Goten, I need to help Trunks and his dad with something for a minute. Can you stay here and keep out of trouble for me?”

Goten nodded.

Vegeta felt Kakarot’s hand on his shoulder and tightened his grip on Trunks’s hand. Oh, he should have warned Trunks that teleporting while needing to pee felt odd— Even if that would require admitting to the boy that Kakarot had been ‘assisting’ him with this! He should have warned Trunks that there would be a sudden increase in pressure that lasted about a second, he should have told his son to brace himself for it! What if it was too much of a shock and he—

They appeared in front of Bulma and Vegeta frantically looked down. Trunks was dry, he was okay, everything was fine… Vegeta’s own bladder was still mid-spasm from the trip over here, and that wasn’t fine at ALL, but he forced himself to ignore it and just push his legs a little closer together in an effort to quell it. His back ached, an unsettling heat beginning to creep upwards through it…

Bulma wasn’t surprised to see them until she noticed Trunks was with them, “Oh, Trunks, are you alright?”

Vegeta nudged him. Oh no, what if he couldn’t walk now? Vegeta could carry him, but what if the assistance filled him with shame and caused him to—

“I’m fine, Mom,” Trunks said. “Just have to…” he started to rush down the hall.

Vegeta exhaled slowly. He wasn’t even sure which was contributing the most to his tension; concern for Trunks or the absolutely crushing weight of his searing bladder. He shifted his feet for a second, trying to get the pangs and throbs within him to settle down before he started moving again.

They refused to die down, remaining as fierce as ever, and pounding through him at a near constant rate. He forced himself to begin the walk to his bedroom, dismayed that Bulma had been so far from it this time.

It took him two minutes worth of painfully slow steps to get to his room. Once there, he slammed the door shut behind himself, and as soon as he heard it click, his body just… It decided to show him EXACTLY how awful it could be to him. His need for relief completely skyrocketed. He’d already been experiencing severe desperation to begin with, but all of the sudden, it now felt borderline LETHAL. The walls of his bladder were squeezing in, his urethra stung and felt like it had been lit on fire, his back screeched, he was dazed and dizzy… Just, all in the blink of an eye, his pain level had quadrupled.

And, naturally, all of that coming on so suddenly and so intensely was enough to prompt a short leak.

It felt so horrid that, for a few moments, he couldn’t move forwards. He just doubled over, clutched himself, forced his eyes closed and dug his feet against the floor. “Nnnnnh, what the Hell?” Why had it gotten so much worse so damn fast? Now, he feared he might burst when he was just a few paces from the restroom because his bloated, water-logged body refused to let him walk!

The mental image of that was so horrifyingly pathetic that it gave him the strength to move again. His body protested it, and the closer he got to the restroom, the worse the aches and pains got. His bladder was a fucking asshole, here he was, finally getting to the one place where he could reliably drain it, and yet it was hitting him with everything it had to try to stop him from actually making it.

He didn’t normally do this, but his body was being so disobedient that he didn’t want to take any chances. There was only one thing that would be more pathetic than pissing himself a few steps from the restroom; Pissing himself while standing directly in front of the toilet. So, he started to move his clothing apart before he’d actually gotten into the restroom. It made his face heat up, knowing that it made his desperation obvious— Not that his pained, hunched over hobbling hadn’t already done that. No one was in the room with him, no one was able to see him right at the very edge of his limit…

He shoved his way into the restroom at last, starting to dribble again when he saw the toilet. Even though he was letting SOMETHING out, his bladder only managed to hurt even worse. He struggled up to the toilet, pulling himself out the rest of the way and aiming.

To his immense shock, he didn’t have to strain. The shuddering leaks built into a stream right away. His toes curled again as his agony was replaced by intense relief. His eyelids fluttered, his swollen bladder slowly compressing and the painful bloat fading away. He gritted his teeth, trying not to repeat the mistake from last night where he’d accidentally… sort of… moaned… It just felt so good, though. Why did this have to feel so good? How could the same thing torture him so immensely, yet also bring him pleasure? It didn’t make any sense.

He wanted to hate EVERYTHING about his bladder, because of all the horrible ordeals it put him through, all the humiliation, all the shame, but then whenever he finally got to empty it, it made him feel so amazing that it was a struggle not to gasp and moan— And he’d feel weirdly grateful that he was the only person with a bladder huge enough to be able to enjoy this feeling for five entire minutes straight.

***

Once both Trunks and Vegeta had been gone for a while, Goku glanced worriedly at Bulma. “Is Trunks okay?” He asked.

“I think so, he didn’t get hurt, did he?”

“No…” Goku looked down the hallway for a second, making sure that neither Vegeta nor Trunks were coming back yet. He knew that Vegeta probably wouldn’t be finished relieving himself for several minutes, at least, but he didn’t want Trunks to overhear this either. “I was worried about something else.”

“What?”

“Does he copy Vegeta a lot? I mean, I know he does with some stuff… He makes the same faces, and sometimes tries to use the same attacks, but today I had to bring them both HERE, and—“

“You think Trunks is starting to develop the same problem Vegeta has?” Bulma guessed.

Goku nodded. “And, if that’s what’s happening, I can help. I’ll teach Goten instant transmission, since he and Trunks are together so often, and I’m sure Goten will get good at it right away. He picks up new techniques way faster than I ever d—“ Goku cut himself off when he saw Trunks walking back down the hallway. If Trunks WAS like his father in this regard, he wouldn’t be happy to overhear people talking about it.

Bulma looked down at her son. She didn’t think that Vegeta’s problem was hereditary, the issue was so dependent on Vegeta’s thoughts and emotions, and Trunks had no reason to feel the same anxiety and shame Vegeta did. She did know, however, that sometimes kids would subconsciously mirror habits and behaviors they saw in their parents. If Trunks noticed that Vegeta avoided public restrooms, even when he was visibly desperate, he may have begun to copy that without even realizing it or understanding.

***

Vegeta finally finished. He’d been so full, he was never leaving the house without peeing again. He’d have to think of a way to accomplish that without the need to say anything embarrassing.

He tucked himself back away, feeling the slight dampness from his leaking, and that brought back the intense feelings that had assaulted him moments earlier.

What the Hell was that?! Why had everything gotten so much worse, so much more dire, so much more painful, the instant he’d reached his bedroom? That hadn’t built up at the same, gradual rate it had been doing throughout the rest of the day, it had been instantaneous! A few times, he’d had something kind of similar happen to him when he got home after spending a lot of time out, but it had NEVER been that extreme.

Stupid body… Stupid, suggestible bladder… Stupid…

Wait, was Trunks okay?! What if that same thing had happened to him?! What if he’d reached the restroom, and everything inside him went haywire all at once, and HE hadn’t been able to withstand it?! What if he’d had an accident right in front of the toilet?! He’d be so embarrassed and upset! He’d be ashamed of himself! He’d think about it every time he had to go, and he’d end up—

Vegeta rushed out and back down the hall, finding Trunks standing with Bulma and Kakarot, Trunks was— He was still dry, and still in the same clothes, and he was no longer squirming. He was okay, he was safe, and Vegeta would never let him inherit The Problem.
