Weakness (Sonic Movie 2 Omo)

Author: Sonadow182

*000*2022-11-02 02:41

Sonic stared at his race car bed for the longest time. Beautifully made, with the plastic sheet tucked over the mattress for protection and an extra pad underneath the fitted sheet. It was night time, time for bed, but it was the first time he would be sharing his room with somebody else… or rather two somebody elses.

Tails and Knuckles.

One of them knew about his nightly problem, the other did not, and it worried him.

Ever since he had his first accident at the house, and Tom told Maddie about the accident at the hotel, and they both found out he's been living in the woods by himself since he was three, the humans have been patient with him, trying to properly potty-train him so he wouldn't have anymore accidents.

He's been doing a lot better, but every now and then he would slip up and wake up the next morning with his sheets soaked in urine. Tom and Maddie would be kind and understanding as they helped him get cleaned up, but he was frustrated. He didn't want to be wetting the bed anymore but… it was difficult to stop when he has been so accident prone his entire life.

Sonic's ear twitched when he heard somebody approaching him from behind and he turned to look. It was Tails, giving him a concerned look of sympathy.

"Are you ok?" He asked the hedgehog quietly.

"Yeah." Sonic nodded, whispering as well. "Just… a little worried about…" His eyes traveled to the red echidna that was in the room, setting up his own sleeping area with a bunch of pillows to make a nest.

Tails nodded in understanding. "It's ok. He doesn't know. I haven't told him anything, just like I promised."

"Thanks buddy." Sonic sighed. He remembered the day when Tails told him that he knew. It was after they had that dance battle in the mountains and had won their lives and their map back. When they realized it was really late and too windy outside to continue their journey, plus they were tired, Tails had suggested that they stayed the night at the hut they had stumbled upon. Sonic was worried back then and had remembered the fox saying that he had been watching him for years.

"Uh, Tails…" He had started. "You said that you've been watching me for awhile… right?"

"Yeah?" The fox had answered. "Why? What's wrong?"

"Does that mean that… you've seen… my… my…" Sonic was too embarrassed to ask.

"... Your nightly accidents? Yes, I've seen them. It's ok. Accidents happen, Sonic. And it's not like it's your fault anyway. You were three. You were never potty-trained."

"So embarrassing…"

"It's ok, Sonic. And don't worry. I promise I won't tell anybody."

He had gotten lucky not to have an accident that night, but he couldn't guarantee that he would be so lucky tonight.

"It doesn't matter whether you told him or not, though." Sonic sighed as he continued. "He's gonna find out eventually and… I worry about what he's gonna say. He's always going on about strength and weaknesses and challenging how strong I am… and… I worry that… if he sees me wet the bed… he'll think I'm weak."

"Then maybe you should talk to him." Tails encouraged.

"I can't. I don't know what's worse. Him finding out I'm a bedwetter, or admitting it to him."

"... I would say keeping it from him is worse, but it's your choice of what you wanna do." Tails shrugged. "Did you do your nightly routine?"

Sonic nodded. "Yes, but nothing came out."

"What do you mean?"

"I tried to go to the bathroom but I couldn't. I even turned on the faucet like Maddie taught me to see if that would make my bladder ache, but it didn't and I couldn't go."

"Hmm." Tails hummed, frowning in thought. "Maybe you're dehydrated. You should probably drink a glass of water before bed."

Sonic's eyes widened at him. "Are you nuts? That'll make me wet the bed for sure."

"Maybe not. You said you already tried to go and couldn't. That means your bladder is empty. And if you're dehydrated then the water you drink tonight won't make it to your bladder until the morning. By then you'll already be awake. Boom. No accidents."

"Are you sure?"

Tails shrugged. "It worked for me when I was potty-training and was learning not to wet the bed."

Sonic sighed and nodded. "Ok. If you really think it'll help then I trust you enough to try it."

Suddenly, there was a knock on the attic door and Maddie came up. "Time for bed boys."

"Yes Maddie." Tails said as he went to his sleeping bag.

"Yes Pretzel Woman." Knuckles responded as well as he burrowed into his makeshift nest of pillows.

Maddie chuckled softly, then looked to Sonic as he timidly approached her. She knelt down to his height and whispered to him. "Did you go potty?"

"I tried to, but nothing came out." He told her. "Tails told me that I might be dehydrated and said I should drink a glass of water."

"But aren't you worried that'll make you wet the bed?"

"Yes, but Tails said he did the same thing when he was potty-training and didn't have any accidents. And I trust him enough to take his advice."

Maddie nodded. "Ok. If that's what you really wanna do. I'll go get you some water."

"Thanks, mom."

…

The sun rose the next morning, shining brightly through the ceiling window upon the face of the slumbering blue hedgehog.

Sonic rubbed at his eyes and yawned, his peace disturbed by the UV rays of the burning ball in the sky. He carefully blinked his eyes open and looked around his room. His friends, Tails and Knuckles, were still asleep in their same spots. He smiled, then his eyes widened as he remembered what he did last night, the advice that Tails had given him.

He quickly reached his hands underneath him, feeling around on his bed. He grinned in excitement when he found that his sheets were still dry. He had not wet the bed last night!

"Yes." He breathed in victory as he went to sit up. But as he did so he gasped and quickly laid back down, his hands shooting to his crotch as his legs crossed over each other.

His bladder was BURSTING!

"Oh Tails, why did you tell me to drink water before bed?" Sonic whined softly, his ears pinned against his head as he squirmed in his bed.

He couldn't get out of bed, his bladder was too full. The moment he sat up, everything had rushed down to the entrance, and now the only thing that was keeping him from having an accident was his hands and his tightly clenched urethra.

He didn't know what to do. Could he possibly stand up and rush to the bathroom with his speed without leaving a trail on the floor? He really didn't want to have another accident after he had stayed dry the whole night… especially since Knuckles was literally ten feet away from him.

Looking at the red echidna across the room, Sonic noticed that he was still asleep, snoring away without a care in the world, a little drool dripping from his mouth onto his arm. Looking at Tails, he was also still asleep, oblivious to his role model's desperation.

Sonic thought for a moment. Both of his friends were still deeply asleep, and he knew Tom and Maddie kept extra sheets on standby in case he did have an accident. And he knew where they were.

Could he possibly get away with it?

He rubbed his legs against each other and whined, tears forming at the sides of his eyes. There was no way he was getting out of this situation dry. He was desperate! He couldn't hold it for another minute! At that moment, he made his decision.

Sonic took a deep breath and slowly, hesitantly, pulled his hands away. He uncrossed his legs and flinched when the flood in his bladder pressed against his aching walls with more force. He laid his head back, took another breath, tried to relax and…

The moment he was about to let loose, his head snapped to the attic door, his eyes widening and his hands shooting back between his crossed legs when he heard a knock coming from it before it opened and up the stairs walked Maddie.

"Boys. Time to wake up." She called cheerfully.

Sonic whined in desperation as he looked to his friends, watching as Maddie's call started to wake them up.

No, no. He was so close!

"Sonic? Are you alright honey?" Maddie asked her adopted hedgehog son when she heard him whine and saw his expression.

"I… I…" Sonic squirmed in his bed, his bladder aching for release. The urge to let go then and there was extremely tempting, but he couldn't possibly do it now that both Tails and Knuckles were looking at him. "I…"

Suddenly, Ozzie came running up the stairs and bumped past Maddie, headed straight to greet his best hedgehog friend. Sonic's eyes widened in horror.

"No! Ozzie, wait!" But it was too late.

The happy dog jumped onto the bed and stepped right onto Sonic, right onto his bulging bladder. The dog started licking Sonic's face excitedly, but as the hedgehog finally felt his bladder burst all over the bed, he wasn't in the mood.

"Ozzie! Stop! Get down!" He screamed, tears running down his face, which the dog quickly licked away.

"Ozzie! Down!" Maddie commanded, grabbed the dog by the collar and pulling him off the bed. "Sonic, are you ok- oh."

When Ozzie was pulled off the bed, Sonic's comforter and sheet came off with him, completely exposing the Blue Devil as urine started gushing out onto the bed, quickly spreading all over the fitted sheet. Sonic sobbed harshly as he peed himself in front of his mom, his best friend, and his mentor. He was so embarrassed he just wanted to crawl into a hole, curl up, and die.

"Honey, it's ok." Maddie hushed softly, gently rubbing Sonic's back.

"No! No it's not!" Sonic shouted through his sobs. "It's not ok!"

"Sonic, it was an accident. They happen."

"No. No. Too many." Sonic shook his head. "Too many accidents. They don't just happen! I'm just weak and pathetic!"

"Sonic Wachowski the Hedgehog!" Maddie gasped. "You are not weak and pathetic. Where on earth did you get that idea from?"

Sonic sniffed and looked over at Knuckles. The echidna was staring at the younger being in shock. He didn't know how to react. The only person he knew who could harness the power of the Master Emerald and live… was peeing himself right in front of him… and crying about it like a baby. And apparently, this has happened multiple times before.

"Sonic…" He started, but didn't get to finish as the hedgehog suddenly got up from the soaking bed and dashed out of the house, headed for the forest.

…

Sonic sniffled softly as he sat in the shallow end of his favorite stream, washing away the urine from his fur. He remembered that when he was still living in his cave and he had an accident this is what he would do to get himself cleaned up. Now usually he would just take a shower in the bathroom inside the house, but he just had to get away. Had to get away from the embarrassment. Had to get away from the ridicule. Had to get away from the eyes all staring at him.

His eyes were bloodshot and his face was red from the crying he had done, but he didn't care. He has never been more humiliated in his entire life. And the worst part was that Knuckles was never going to let him live this, or any other accident he has in the future, down.

"Stupid… Weak… Pathetic…" Sonic sniffed, slapping at the water with each word. He was so mad at himself. Why hadn't he learned to stop peeing himself yet?!

His ear twitched when he heard a twig snap behind him. He lifted his head up and turned, his ears lowering to his head when he saw Knuckles standing behind him. "Come to ridicule me?"

"No." Knuckles shook his head and stepped closer until he was standing right beside the Blue Devil. "You've done that to yourself enough."

Sonic sniffed and looked away, looking down at his legs in the water, not saying another word. Knuckles sighed and sat down beside him. "... Maddie… told me." Sonic's eyes widened a bit, but Knuckles wasn't finished. "She told me about what's been going on… Why has it been going on… And… Tails told me about… how you were afraid of what I would say about it."

Sonic remained silent and Knuckles sighed. "He blames himself… the fox. He thinks he's the reason you had an accident because he told you to drink before bed."

"It's not his fault." Sonic finally spoke, his ears down against his skull again. "It's not his fault that I peed myself… I'm just weak."

"No, you're not."

"Tch. Funny to hear that coming from you." Sonic sniffed. "You're always going on and on about how weak I am and how much stronger I can be. Well, here's the evidence of how weak I actually am."

"Sonic, you are not weak." Knuckles scolded. "I say those things because I know they motivate you. I say those things because I know how strong you are. You are one of the most strongest people I know. Dare I say you are as strong as I am. I don't know anyone else who could hold the power of the Master Emerald in their hands and willingly give it up, because they know they are not ready. You are incredibly strong, and the fact that you are prone to having accidents does not determine that." He sighed softly. "It just means that you need more training in another department."

"But I've been potty-training." Sonic looked at him sadly. "Tom and Maddie have been potty-training me since I moved in and I'm still a bedwetter."

"And that's ok." Knuckles assured him gently, laying a hand on his shoulder in comfort. "Sonic, I had no idea that you were so young when you lost Longclaw, and that you've been by yourself since that age for so long. It makes sense. You can't possibly raise yourself and teach yourself all the important skills you are supposed to learn at a young age. You need somebody to teach you. And that training isn't going to happen overnight."

Sonic sighed and looked down sadly. "I know…" Then he looked back up at him, hope in his eyes. "You really think I'm not weak just because I'm a bedwetter?"

"Not at all."

Sonic smiled, his eyes shining with fresh tears as he suddenly grabbed the echidna and pulled him close for a hug. "Thanks, Knux."

Knuckles froze for a moment. It had been a long time since he has felt a hug like this. He smiled a bit before he slowly wrapped his own arms around the hedgehog, hugging him back. "You're welcome, Sonic."

They stayed like that for a minute before the echidna gently pushed him off and affectionately ruffled his quills. "Come on. Let's go home. Your parents are worried about you."

"Right." Sonic chuckled as he stood up from the water, gently shook it off, and the two of them rushed back to the house, a deeper bond built between them.

End

