A Different Kind of Test -- A Splatoon 2 Story Staring Marina and Agent 8

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-07-08 02:33

Another commission! This one's a Splatoon 2 story, specifically set after the events of Splatoon 2: Octo Expansion. This story features a Female Agent 8, as well as Marina! Note here, this story delves into Marina's past with the Octarians, but takes some liberties with the ages of the characters. In particular, Marina is much older in the flashback then canonically she would be given the lore revealed in Octo Expansion, just to add a sense of grit and realism to the story, and also so she's not weirdly young. I definitely had a lot of fun writing this particular story, as I do really like the characters and world of Splatoon, so I hope you all enjoy!

A Different Kind of Test

Marina squirmed in slight discomfort as she watched Agent 8 slowly make her way through the latest test. Even after her escape to the surface, the younger octoling had returned to the Deep Sea Metro to finish collecting the mem-cakes. When she had been down there the first time, Cap’n Cuttlefish had urged her to head straight for the thangs, prioritizing them over the rest of the test set up for her down there. However, for Agent 8, the mem-cakes had always been the more enticing prize. A sentiment that was undoubtedly redoubled by the fact that, unlike the thangs, they weren’t meant to kill her.

Of course, the Deep Sea Metro could still be quite the dangerous place, so Marina and Pearl were carefully watching Agent 8’s progress on a monitor on the surface. If anything were to happen, they would be ready to mobilize at a moment’s notice. That wasn’t to say they didn’t have faith in Agent 8’s abilities, but it never hurt to be too careful.

So, Marina was glued to the screen, watching Agent 8 guide a giant 8-ball through a complex obstacle course. Of course, her protective nature for Agent 8 and her desire to monitor her progress through the metro was starting to come back to bite her. It had been quite some time since Marina had gotten up to use the bathroom, and she was starting to feel the effects of a full bladder.

“I’m back, Marina!”

Marina turned around to see Pearl walking back into the room, carrying two large cups of coffee from Squidbucks. She handed one to Marina who-- despite her need to pee-- took a tentative sip.

“I got you your fav,” Pearl noted, “Anything interesting go down while I was out?”

“Nothing,” Marina shook her head, “Agent 8’s been breezing through these challenges.”

“Sweet!” Pearl beamed. She hopped up on the chair next to Marina and looked up at the monitor, “Oh cod damn it, one of these stages again?”

“She seems to have gotten the hang of them, at least,” Marina laughed lightly, and was hit with a nagging signal from her bladder. She shuffled in her chair a bit before continuing, “She hasn’t dropped the ball yet.”

“Emphasis on yet,” Pearl rolled her eyes, “I’m just glad they have respawn pads down there.”

The two watched on as Agent 8 completed the stage and immediately moved on to the next station. As they watched, Marina took another sip from her coffee and pressed her thighs together. On the screen, Agent 8 was tapping her foot restlessly as she waited for the train to bring her to the next station, pacing around slightly even as it was moving.

It didn’t take long for the subway to pull into the next station, and Marina watched intently as Agent 8 was given a standard Octoshot and sent in to a relatively normal level, with sanitized octarian foot soldiers. She noticed there was some hesitance in Agent 8’s movements, which was a bit unusual. Marina could understand her being hesitant to fight against other octarians, especially after finding out how horrific the sanitization process was, but this wasn’t the first station where she had to fight them, and she hadn’t shown this kind of pause before.

As Marina watched Agent 8 take down the enemies before her, she took another idle sip of her coffee and felt another pang of protest from her abdomen. She placed a hand on it and squirmed in her seat, trying to be discreet about it with Pearl right next to her. She considered getting up soon. She wanted to keep watching over Agent 8, but Pearl was back, and she couldn’t put her needs off forever.

“Say, Marina,” Pearl spoke up, leaning closer and studying the monitor, “Do you think Agent 8’s gotta piss?”

“H-huh?” Marina looked over, her mind narrowing in on the word “piss” due to her own needs, “Oh, no, I don’t think…”

Marina trailed off. Come to think of it, Agent 8 was shuffling along somewhat awkwardly, keeping her legs pressed together as she stood and squirming around restlessly. It did actually look like Agent 8 was in desperate need of the bathroom.

“Actually, maybe she does,” Marina noted, her own bladder sending a sympathetic wave through her as she watched Agent 8 squirm around. She was struggling fighting an Octobomber, who kept shooting out splat bombs at her. She managed to take the thing out, but just as she did so, it launched one final splat bomb towards her, and she was only barely able to swim out of the way in time.

The bomb exploded and Agent 8 was hit with some stray sanitized ink and the shockwave. She suddenly froze, crossing her legs together and doubling over as she gasped. Marina watched as she stood there, just barely able to see a few trickles running down her legs.

“I can’t tell, but I think she’s pissing herself!” Pearl exclaimed.

Agent 8 stood there as pee continued to stream down her legs, mixing and disappearing into the ink beneath her. She glanced around a few times to make sure there were no enemies and continued standing there, still clutching her Octoshot as she lost control right in the middle of the battlefield.

“That’s odd,” Marina noted.

Pearl looked over at Marina, confused, “Why’s it odd? Did she just take a break or something?”

“No, nothing like that,” Marina shook her head. She shuffled in her seat. She’d actually been waiting for Agent 8 to take a break so she could go herself, “It’s just, well…”

Marina paused. It was something she wasn’t entirely sure Pearl would understand, but she knew Pearl was really open minded and understanding about things pertaining to Octarian culture. She would likely be more curious than anything, but there was always the possibility that it would gross her out.

“It’s just what? Come on, don’t leave me hanging,” Pearl asked, her curiosity piqued.

“Well, I’ve already told you about how the Octarians, particularly the military, are very pragmatic, and put a lot of emphasis on efficiency, right?” Marina asked.

“Yeah, you mentioned it was all sorts of stuffy, with bullshark rules and a stupid tight schedule, right?”

“Yeah,” Marina nodded, “Well, naturally, we applied that sort of mentality to rest breaks too. Taking breaks at all was pretty frowned upon, even if you needed to go to the bathroom.”

“Wait, you mean, you couldn’t take a leak?” Pearl asked.

“Not exactly. It wasn’t like you couldn’t go,” Marina explained, crossing her legs as the topic reminded her of her own need, “but you were busy all the time, and a lot of the time, people expected you to man your stations no matter what. Holding it in is bad for you, and it could distract you from your tasks, so a lot of the time, we’d just… well…”

Marina looked over at Agent 8, who had returned to the task at hand as if nothing had happened.

“We’d just… go right there, where we worked,” Marina finished.

“Woah, no way,” Pearl exclaimed, “Really, just like that?”

Marina nodded, “It was a bit odd at first, but when everyone around you does it, you get used to it pretty quickly. We worked in pretty grimy conditions, and there was usually ink around to hide the puddles, so it just became the norm. I imagine it was even stricter for combatants like Agent 8. You can’t really move around well when you have to pee, and there weren’t really many good places to stop that wouldn’t leave you exposed, so usually they would go as soon as they felt the urge to keep themselves combat ready.”

“Ah, so you were wondering why Agent 8 was holding it in in the first place, considering she’d be used to just… peeing,” Pearl looked down at the monitor in surprise.

On Agent 8’s side, she was finishing up the test, and as soon as she got back to the train, she set a course back to the main station. It looked like she was finally ready to take a break, now that she had wet herself.

Marina squirmed around a little bit and took another sip of her coffee. She would wait for Agent 8 to get back to the relative safety of the station, and then slip off to pee. Unlike her days as an engineer working for the Octarian military, she was perfectly free to leave her station, especially now that Pearl was here.

At least, that had been her plan, but then Pearl looked over, her cheeks tinged pink, “D-did… did you do it a lot? Wet yourself, I mean?”

“Yeah,” Marina nodded, “Like I said, it was pretty normal. There were plenty of times when I would be overseeing something important, like testing some dangerous weapon or high-tech device, and wouldn’t be able to leave. During times like that, it was hard to focus if I had to pee, so I would just go. There was this one time I was testing the new flooder designs, and the sound of the ink spraying down was getting to me. I hadn’t had a break all day, so I just relaxed and peed right there. It was a field test too, so I didn’t even have to worry about the lab getting dirty that time.”

“Wow, I can’t even imagine doing that,” Pearl noted. She leaned across the chair and kicked her feet up on the desk near the monitor, careful not to knock her’s or Marina’s coffees over. She threw her arms behind her head and smirked, “I’ve had some close calls at concerts, especially back in my more experimental days. MC’d at some really dank clubs, not fresh at all. Some didn’t have bathrooms, other’s had toilets so rank you’d think the salmonids had gotten to ‘em first. The closest I came was pissing myself on stage, but I played that off like it was part of the act. Of course, it was still an accident. Never pissed myself on purpose before.”

Marina felt another pang from her bladder and she shifted in her chair, “I guess it’s just a matter of culture. Like I said, for us, it really wasn’t all that weird. I have dozens of stories of just peeing, and even more of my comrades doing it.”

Pearl blushed, and the two looked back down at the monitor. Agent 8 had returned to the Main Station, and had changed out of her wet clothes. She was currently wearing a large pink sweater with a blue anchor design across the front as she washed her uniform off. She hung it to dry and waited, looking over the many memcakes she had collected.

Now that she was in a safe spot, Marina shifted again, ready to get up and excuse herself. However, just then, Pearl looked over at her, and asked, “So, if it’s normal to just… wet yourself in Octarian society, do you think the Octolings do it during Turf Wars and the other games?”

“Oh, um,” Marina leaned back in her chair, uncrossing and recrossing her legs and jiggling her legs a little as she once again put off a trip to the bathroom, “I suppose it’s possible, though really, that was mostly something that we did in the Octarian military. Before I joined, it wasn’t really common. So most of the civilian octolings coming up to the surface probably wouldn’t do that.”

“Huh, so it’s just the military, then?” Pearl asked, “But then, people just joining would be pretty shocked the first time they saw someone just pissing themselves casually, right?”

“I suppose,” Marina nodded, “I remember my first prolonged assignment, and it was a bit of a shock, but there had always been rumors, so I suppose it wasn’t too surprising.”

“I see,” Pearl placed a finger on her lips, looking up in thought, “Man, that must’ve been weird to get used to though, huh?”

“It was,” Marina nodded, “I vividly remember the first time I had to do something like that.”

“Oh, tell me, tell me!” Pearl asked eagerly. She took a sip of her coffee, and Marina squeezed her thighs at the sound of the straw drawing up the last of the liquid.

“It’s not really all that exciting,” Marina explained, running her fingers through her tentacles, “Really, I don’t-”

“Oh come on, please?” Pearl asked, gazing into Marina’s eyes hopefully.

Marina sighed, she couldn’t ever say no to Pearl.

“Alright, but like I said, it’s not much, and it’s a bit weird…”

###

Marina’s heart raced as she took the rickety lift down to the laboratory, an older female octoling wearing military goggles and a torn lab coat stood before her, escorting her down into the labs. She was looking over Marina’s file, straight faced, what little parts of her exposed face were unreadable. The two rode the seemingly endless elevator down,

“You’re quite the over-achiever,” she spoke finally, nearly startling Marina out of her skin, “Perfect scores on all your proficiency and screening tests, assigned to numerous weapon design teams, received multiple commendations for excellent achievement and work ethics, and hand-picked by Octavio himself.”

“T-that’s correct,” Marina nodded.

“I’m gonna tell you, none of that means anything here,” the scientist replied, “We’re all here for a reason. You’re not the youngest on the team, or the smartest, or the most accomplished, or the only one to be hand-picked by the bigshot DJ.”

“A-ah, yes, of course,” Marina nodded, stammering. The atmosphere and the conversation was making her nervous, and her new superior seemed to catch on.

“I don’t mean to say that to make you feel inadequate, you’ve more than earned your spot on the team, as long as you pull your weight. Just don’t go thinking anyone’s gonna be giving you any special treatment. I’m sure you’ve been praised and treated special in the past, but that ain’t us here. Do your job, do it well, and you’ll fit right in.”

With that, the elevator stopped, and Marina was immediately met with a large floor with multiple large machines, computers, and graphs. Along the back wall was a large glass panel that separated this room from the next, in which Marina could see harsh UV light and hear the sound of trickling water.

The older Octoling directed her to the back, pointing at a monitor, “Today we’re going to be conducting some tests. We’re growing special nutrient-dense wasabi specifically for Octavio. We’ve been experimenting on various different infusing methods and growth conditions. In particular, we’ve found the wasabi responds best to certain frequencies of music, so we’d like you to run the calculations and experiment around with the numbers. You can ask Mako-- she’s the Octoling over there with the eyepatch-- how the experiment’s been going so far.”

The older scientist made her way over to her own station, and Marina headed over to Mako. As she approached her, she noticed something odd about the way Mako was standing. Instead of working, it looked like she was just standing there, legs spread apart. It was dimly lit in the laboratory and Marina couldn’t really tell what she was doing.

Marina approached her, and noticed the faint smell of something familiar. It was mostly drowned out by the strong scent of laboratory chemicals and machine oil, but Marina could smell something else there that she was sure she smelled before, she just couldn’t put her finger on it.

“Um, Mako?”

“Holy-” clearly startled, Mako whirled around suddenly to face Marina, “Oh, right, the newbie was coming in today. What’s up?”

“Well, I was told to ask you about the music experiment with the wasabi,” Marina replied.

“Oh hell, right, uh…” Mako looked over at her desk, rummaging around on it, looking for something, “Sorry, you caught me in the middle of something, let me just- Aha, here it is!”

She held up a folder filled with notes and scribbles, “I’ll go over this with you over by the monitor.”

As she and Marina talked over the data points, Marina started to feel a familiar sensation. Perhaps it was because of her excitement and nervousness, or the cold air of the laboratory, but she had to pee. She glanced around as Mako explained to her the ropes, and noticed there didn’t appear to be any restrooms nearby. She wondered if she would have to ride the long lift back up just to pee.

As Mako talked, her bladder only continued to fill, and Marina was trying hard not to squirm or shuffle in front of her new comrade. She didn’t want to seem incapable or childish as the new girl here, especially after the speech she got from their superior.

Finally, Mako finished, and Marina was about to ask about the bathrooms, when she paused. She had just started, and if she did have to ride the long lift all the way back up, she would basically have done absolutely nothing before asking to take a bathroom break. That wasn’t acceptable. Marina shook her head. She would at least get started on her work. If this place was anything like the last few laboratories she worked at, she would get at least one scheduled break during the day. She would hold out until then, and then go when her break time came.

Marina found herself shuffling as she worked, standing at the monitor, looking over the numbers, inputting different parameters and running simulations to see what the computer predicted would be most effective. She shifted her weight from foot to foot, the sound of trickling water from the wasabi-growing stations doing her bladder no favors as she stood there. She glanced around the lab from time to time, looking back to Mako, and then her superior, both of whom were focused on their own tasks.

As the hours went by, Marina found it harder and harder to focus on her work over her growing need, and she found she was no longer able to keep her desperate movements as subtle as she would’ve liked.

Marina bit her lips and looked back over to their superior. She was wondering how much trouble she’d get in if she asked about the restroom. She really wanted to keep working, but her need was distracting her, and she didn’t want to let it get in the way of her job. As she turned to make her way towards her, however, she noticed that their superior was standing in the same strange pose she saw Mako in earlier. Her legs were spread slightly apart, and she was standing unusually still and stiff.

This time, however, Marina caught a glimpse of glistening liquid flowing down from between her superior officer’s legs, making a strong splash onto the floor of the lab below. The sound was nearly drowned out by the sound of trickling water behind her, but the sight was unmistakable, she was wetting herself.

Marina watched, stunned, as their superior officer casually continued pissing onto the floor of the lab, not even looking up from the console she was staring at as the puddle between her legs grew. Marina tried to tear her eyes away, especially since seeing her own boss do such a thing only made her own needs much worse, but she couldn’t help but watch until her superior’s flow had completely tapered off.

“Whatcha starin’ at?” Mako spoke from behind her.

The shock of her voice nearly scared the piss out of Marina, quite literally, and she found herself shuffling desperately as she tried to maintain control. She clamped her thighs together and turned to look at Mako, who was smirking at her.

“I uh, did… did our boss just…” Marina trailed off, shaking her head. If their boss really had just wet herself, it was best for her to keep her head down and not say anything, “Nevermind.”

Marina’s bladder sent her a strong wave of desperation, and as she braced herself against the console in front of her and crossed her legs, she whispered at Mako, “H-hey, do you know when we get a scheduled break?”

“A break,” Mako smirked, “Ha, as if! Sorry, newbie, we’re in this for the long haul. Enjoy the long shift!”

Mako returned to her station without another word, and Marina started to panic. If they didn’t get breaks, and there weren’t any restrooms down here, where was she supposed to go? She was used to holding it for long periods of time between breaks in the other labs, but with how badly she already needed to pee, she wasn’t going to make it until the end of her shift.

Suddenly, realization clicked. Her boss hadn’t wet herself, and it wasn’t just a coincidence that Mako had been in the same awkward stance earlier. Marina had heard rumors about it in her time in the other development teams. People in the Octarian Military would simply wet themselves where they worked if they needed to, to forgo breaks and improve efficiency.

Marina bit her lip. She was bursting, and if it was something her coworkers just did casually, she could get away with it too. Her long lab coat and black uniform would hide her stream and subsequent wet patch well, and she could get back to work and let herself dry off. She closed her eyes and tried to relax, but even though she was bursting, she couldn’t let go like this. She was just far too accustomed to holding it rather than peeing, and her body wouldn’t let go in her clothes, no matter what she was trying to tell herself.

Marina struggled at her station, dancing back and forth desperately. She was trying not to put on a display for her coworkers, but she was sure Mako, at least, had noticed. She wasn’t sure what to do. She couldn’t hold it until the end of her shift, but she just couldn’t bring herself to relax and let it go on purpose.

“Hey, Marina,” her superior called, “I need you over here for something!”

“Y-yes ma’am!”

Marina tried her best to straighten herself out and walk over to where her superior was waiting for her. She was standing in front of a large machine with the side-panel removed, and some wires sticking out.

“You’re good at repairing this kind of stuff, right? Could you help me fix this motor?”

“S-sure thing,” Marina nodded.

She bent down, the added pressure from her position spiking her desperation, and she blushed. She let out a long spurt of pee right onto the floor. She hoped her superior didn’t notice it as she tried to regain control, but she wound up leaking a few more times. She finally managed to stop the flow before she left a puddle by the machine, and she fixed it up with no further problems.

“Thank you, Marina,” her superior officer replied. If she had noticed Marina’s leaks, she didn’t say anything.

Marina nodded and quickly shuffled back over to her station, returning to work. The leaks from earlier had did very little to abate her desperation, however, and Marina knew she was fighting a losing battle.

I have to let go… Let me let go!

Marina once again attempted to relax and pee in her clothes right there, and this time, either because she had taxed her body to it’s limits, or because she had already leaked, she began peeing. At first she looked around in a panic, wondering if her coworkers would say anything, but neither her superior, Mako, or any of the other scientists down here said anything about it. Marina continued to pee, becoming more and more aware of the growing puddle beneath her. She had been holding in quite a bit, so would up peeing for much longer than her superior had earlier, and by the time she was done, she was practically hugging the console, bracing herself in the blissful relief she finally got.

Marina glanced over at Mako again, who gave her a slight nod and a wink, and Marina immediately turned back to her console, blushing furiously. She couldn’t believe she had just done that, but it seemed that was the expectation down here. She tried to ignore the feeling of wetness pressed against her crotch as she worked.

By the end of her shift, she was dry, and she found herself reflecting on that moment the rest of the night. Eventually, however, it would become the norm for her, and she would get used to simply peeing where she stood whenever she got the urge to go, knowing that it was an unwritten, unspoken expectation of the lab she was now a part of.

###

“Wow, I seriously can’t believe you did that!” Pearl exclaimed.

“I-I’m sorry if that was too detailed,” Marina replied. She was shuffling around quite a bit now. Her memories of her old desperation only served to make her current need worse, “It’s quite a vivid memory, but I get it if it really isn’t all that appealing.”

“Oh no, it’s totally fine, Rina!” Pearl reassured her, “I really enjoyed it, I definitely want to hear more stories like that.”

“I have a few,” Marina recalled, “Like I said, before then I would hold it in a lot at the other labs, waiting for our breaks, which were usually really spaced out. Then after that there were a number of times we were working on the wasabi project. Being around the sound of running water all that time was basically torture for your bladder, so we’d all pee a lot. There were a few times when Mako would suggest some crazy contests, like who could make the biggest puddle, or who could stealth pee the best, so if you got caught in the act, you lost.”

“Sounds like she was doing it for more than the practicality,” Pearl noted.

“What do you mean?” Marina asked.

“I dunno, maybe she found it fun, or like, sexy?”

Marina squirmed and blushed at the thought, “I-I don’t know, is peeing all that sexy?”

“I mean, it could be,” Pearl shrugged, “I mean, look. It looks like Agent 8 has to go again.”

Marina looked down, and sure enough, Agent 8 was squirming yet again. It looked like she was back at it with the tests, and unfortunately for her, she was going through another painfully slow 8-ball course. She was aiming meticulously with the charger, trying to guide the 8-ball to where it needed to go, but all the while she was bouncing up and down. Marina was surprised. Was she really going to wet herself again? And why wasn’t she simply peeing like she had experienced in the past. Worse still, watching her desperation only made Marina’s own desperation worse, and she found herself clamping her legs together tightly.

Unable to keep watching Agent 8 squirming around desperately, Marina shifted forwards in her seat, preparing to get up and finally go. As she did so, however, she was hit with a desperate wave, and she shook her legs together frantically. She felt herself leak and she gasped, grabbing her pants as the small spurt leaked into her panties.

“What’s wrong, Rina?” Pearl asked, looking over.

“I uh, well,” Marina blushed, “I actually have to go myself. Could you watch Agent 8 for me?”

Marina stood up, hand still pressed firmly against her crotch, when Pearl stopped her with her hand. She blushed as she looked down on the monitor, watching Agent 8 squirm, “S-since you’re used to pissing wherever, do you think you can wet yourself here?”

“W-what?” Marina asked, embarrassed.

“Yo, what’s with that shocked response?” Pearl asked, “I mean, we were just talking about it, and you’re already leaking. Besides, you used to do it all the time out of convenience, right?”

Marina blushed, and then gasped as she felt herself leak again. This time it soaked straight through her underwear and she could feel a wet patch spread out underneath her hand. She blushed as she squirmed around. Pearl was right. She was already leaking, and even if she rushed to the bathroom now, she wasn’t sure if she would make it.

“A-are you sure you’re okay with me doing it right here? I don’t want to gross you out,” Marina replied.

“Listen, I could never find you gross, Marina, even if you piss yourself. I’m the one who suggested it!” Pearl replied.

“Well, as long as you’re sure,” Marina nodded, still squirming in place.

Hesitantly, Marina felt herself relax, and she let out another, longer leak into her pants. Instinctively, she clamped down, her body and mind fighting as she blushed and danced in place. She spread her legs slightly and removed her hand, her aching bladder begged her to let go. It had been a while since she had wet herself on purpose, and something in the back of her mind was fighting her as she tried to relax.

She glanced down at the monitor, only to see Agent 8 holding herself openly as she tried to make it to the end of the 8-ball course. Unfortunately, the ball started rolling back down, and wound up stopping on a platform at the bottom of the hill. Agent 8 looked back in disappointment, and then doubled over, crossing her legs. She helplessly tried to hold on as she hobbled back to the ball, but it was no use. The picture was grainy and it was hard for Marina to make out an actual stream, but from the way Agent 8 had suddenly relaxed, Marina could tell she was wetting herself again.

The sight of Agent 8 having yet another accident was enough to push Marina over the edge, and she was finally able to relax fully. She felt one last hot spurt shoot out of her, soaking through her panties and running down her pant legs before she lost control. Her stream soaked straight through the crotch of her pants and sent a stream pattering to the floor below. Hot urine soaked into the fabric and ran down her pant legs, making them cling to her skin as she let out a sigh of relief. With her standing over the monitor, watching Agent 8 also wet herself, it was funny how much this reminded her of her days at the lab. She felt herself relax more and her legs quiver as she continued to empty her full bladder onto the floor.

As she wet herself, Marina remembered she had an audience, and turned around to look at Pearl. The squid was transfixed, getting an incredible view of Marina’s firm bottom and tight black pants as she flooded them with pee. The soaked fabric clung tightly to her ass and crotch, leaving little to the imagination as golden rivulets of pee flowed down each of Marina’s long legs.

By the time Marina was done, she turned around to see Pearl, still staring intently, and clearly very hot and bothered.

“Enjoyed the view?” Marina teased, snapping Pearl out of her stupor.

“Y-yes. Very much so,” Pearl admitted, blushing, “Damn you for being taller than me, I’d kiss you right now.”

“D-did you really find it sexy?” Marina asked, heart racing at what she just did.

“Yo, sexy? That was beyond sexy. That was… hypersexy!”

Marina giggled, pulling Pearl into a hug, careful to keep her wet legs away from Pearl’s clothes and letting out a sigh of relief. “I’m glad you thought it was hot. I… I wouldn’t mind doing that for you again, if you want.”

“Only if you’re into it,” Pearl replied, hugging Marina back and stealing a quick but heated kiss. Once they broke, Pearl beamed, “but thanks for totally catering to my whack curiosity.”

“Of course, any time!” Marina nodded, “Though, I should probably get cleaned up. Care to join me in the bath?”

“You didn’t have to ask me twice!”

Marina shot Agent 8 a quick message about how they weren’t going to be monitoring her for a bit, and Agent 8 replied that she was done with the tests for the day anyway. Apparently having two accidents had been her limit. Marina sent her a few words of encouragement, neglecting to mention her own accident, and then Pearl and Marina quickly headed for the bathroom, leaving the puddle Marina left on the ground to be cleaned up later.

The End

