My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*016*2023-01-16 05:46

It was now the fifth week of school, and Naomi was STILL having a ridiculously difficult time. Her actual classwork was going smoothly, she’d had her first quizzes of the year and had passed every one of them. She wasn’t overwhelmed by the amount of homework and never handed anything in late. She even seemed to be fairly well liked by most of her peers, although she hadn’t made any super close friends yet.

All things considered, this was probably the best she could have hoped for with starting a new school, but there was still one enormous problem that prevented her from enjoying her experience here; Every single day, Naomi would inevitably suffer an absolutely CATASTROPHIC need for the girls’ room.

The majority of her classes were all scattered about across one side of the school. Then, all of the toilets seemed to be clumped at the other. And there was ALWAYS a line. Naomi didn’t even have a clue how many times she'd left the bathroom slightly damp after just barely making it. She’d stopped wearing light-colored panties to school, aware now that they were likely to become stained.

She had also learned a little more about school policies, particularly the ones related to bathroom usage. Not only were teachers not SUPPOSED to let students leave during class to satiate their bladders, if a teacher ever BROKE that rule and showed pity for a very, very, VERY desperate girl like Naomi… It would do no good. The bathrooms were actually LOCKED while class was in session, a decision the principal said was to ensure no one hung out inside them in lieu of going to class.

When classes ended, the bathrooms were supposed to be unlocked. Normally, they would be. Or, at least, SOME of them would be. One awful day last week, Naomi had been close to tears as she hobbled up to a women’s room, but when she gripped the handle, she discovered they’d FORGOTTEN to unlock that one. When she managed to find one that wasn’t still locked, the line was so immense that a wet streak made it all the way down to her ankle before she was finally able to sit on a toilet and relax for a second, eyes rolling back in her head as she moaned with extreme relief.

Weekends were a haven for her now. At home, the toilet was always RIGHT there, unlocked, and she could just USE it when she had to. After so many daily bouts of horrid need, she had an almost silly amount of gratitude for the freedom her home’s restroom allotted her. It was such a wonderful feeling to just sit down and pee BEFORE her middle was hurting so intensely that she felt sick.

Weekends only lasted two days, however. Most days, Naomi DID have to hold it. She’d thought that eventually she’d get used to it, or that her holding muscles would get stronger the more times they were forced to work out. This did not appear to be happening, though. She most DEFINITELY was NOT getting used to it. Each day’s desperation felt just as awful as the one that had preceded it. Every time she found herself at the back of a line, she had no option but to potty-dance as if her life depended upon it. It never got easier, her bladder protested violently every day, never growing any larger to better accommodate the liter of liquid that she was repeatedly forced to keep at bay inside herself.

Today, Naomi was wandering the halls between 7th and 8th period, praying with tightly-clenched thighs that she could get to the restroom before she’d have to hurry to class. Her bladder was aching with need, a burn pressing against her sphincters. She’d spent the entirety of her last class with her hands planted firmly between her legs, rocking frantically against them. Her classmates kept staring at her the more she fidgeted, and it embarrassed her to no end, but she just couldn’t help it! It would be so much more embarrassing if she wet herself!

Besides, plenty of THEM had been squirming as well. It was easier to feel less ashamed when she wasn’t alone. When class dismissed, she’d taken off as quickly as she could, the frantic pace upsetting her water-logged bladder but not so badly that she had to slow down. Better to have a few leaks warm her underwear than to completely soak her pants.

She careened down hallway after hallway, pleading with every God she could think of to please, please allow her to make it in time.

Suddenly, the bell rang, as she knew it would. Looking around, refusing to give up hope entirely, Naomi spotted that rude hall-monitor standing in front of a women’s room. She watched as the hall-monitor twisted a key in the lock, the sight twisting something inside Naomi’s body along with it.

She didn’t dare ask the hall-monitor to unlock the door for her, she knew she’d only be reprimanded for being late now. She hurried to class and resigned herself to continuing her already agonizing hold. Upon entering the room, she found Mr. Jamieson already droning on about something. He gestured for her to sit down without so much as a pause in his speech.

Naomi took a seat at the far rear of the room, and instantly her knees resumed the frantic bouncing they’d been doing for the entirety of her last class. Her bladder forced her to recall the rest of her day, the water she’d reluctantly drank at breakfast, the way she’d already needed to go pretty bad during the lunch break. How she’d hurried to the bathroom in the cafeteria— the only one that was ever unlocked during lunch— and had been faced with an enormous line. She’d squirmed and crossed her legs as the clock kept ticking, ensuring that she wouldn’t have any time to actually eat something. She hadn’t cared, so long as she PEED…

But, the lunch period ended before she could even do THAT. A member of staff stepped forward and began to lock both restrooms, right in front of the anxious students whom hadn’t been able to get a turn. Ohhh, if only she’d gotten there a few minutes earlier, she could have locked herself into a stall, sat down and succumbed to bliss… She wouldn’t have this bowling ball pushing into her kidneys now…

Naomi shook her head, trying to clear her mind of the fantasy. That was all it was. A fantasy. Peeing was only something she was allowed to do in her imagination. In the real world, she had to hold it forever and ever and—

She bit her lip until she drew blood, then focused ahead on class. She was actually able to take notes for 15 minutes before she had to sneak a hand down to cup herself. She felt a clammy sensation between her thighs when she did that, and realized she must have spurted out a few leaks without noticing. That had been happening a lot… She’d just get so full that it was impossible for her to feel anything coming out. The drop in pressure was so minuscule that it may as well have not even happened.

Glancing up and looking around the classroom, she saw others struggling with the same problem that she was enduring. In the early days, Naomi mostly felt sympathy since she knew all too well how bad they were feeling. Now? The sight of other people suffering the burden of a full bladder sort of just stressed her out and filled her with dread.

Well, seeing other GIRLS in that condition did, anyway. She still mostly just felt BAD for the guys, because when THEY finally got to rush off for relief, Naomi knew it wouldn’t effect HER at all. When the girls were free to go, Naomi knew they’d be clogging up the line SHE was going to be stuck waiting in.

She’d formed a habit without realizing it. When she spotted female classmates squirming and writhing during the final period of the day, she couldn’t help but mentally count them up. ‘Six… Seven… Eight…’ She tallied them, the number of girls she’d have to try to beat to a stall, the number she may be forced to listen to peeing before she could, at long last, rest her weary body atop a toilet seat.

Every time she caught herself doing that, she felt ridiculous. This was, after all, just ONE classroom. Of course, the OTHER classes were also filled to the brim with GIRLS filled to THEIR brims, it was impossible for Naomi to know for certain how many would be ahead of her when she got to the line. But, she couldn’t stop counting.

‘Jessica’s bursting,’ Naomi thought now, glancing at one classmate. ‘So’s Brooke… They’re on the track team, they’ll probably get there before me… Ahhh, I wanna be first! I wanna get there before anyone!’ She tapped her feet anxiously beneath her desk, unaware of how loud the clacking of her shoes was until Mr. Jamieson set down his chalk, turned, and asked “Is there something you want to share with the class, Naomi?”

‘Only that I gotta go pee right now!’ Naomi’s bladder screamed. But, she shook her head. “N—No,” she said. “Sorry.”

“Alright…” Mr. Jamieson turned back around, and Naomi resumed her squirming.

The pressure pushing against her sphincter was so intense that it was a struggle to even breathe. She inhaled as slowly as she could manage, choppy, careful little puffs. If she breathed too fast or too deep, another weight was lain down atop her bladder. The overfull organ was shrieking at her, begging her to forget all about where she was and just GO. It didn’t care at if Naomi got teased or bullied for letting it flow in the middle of class. It didn’t care that the seat she was wriggling her butt against wasn’t made of porcelain and had nowhere for her urine to fall. All it cared about was breaking free from the torment and suffering, draining itself dry of every last painful drop.

One such drop seeped into her panties. Then another. And another. If it wasn’t for the new warmth she felt against her squeezing fingertips, she may not have even noticed the spills.

Beneath her desk, her knees went back and forth between bouncing uncontrollably and banging against one another hard enough that she wouldn’t be surprised if she had bruised them. She crossed her legs, uncrossed them, recrossed them in the opposite direction. She pleaded with her bladder to hold it together a while longer.

A tiny, shocked moan of despair burst out of her mouth when she felt a hard rush of urine soak its way into her already clammy panties. She bounced frantically in her chair, tears forming in her eyes. She squeezed both her hands against herself as hard as she could, fighting to fix the hole in her dam and put an end to the leakage. She managed to cut off the stream, but the remainder of her lake still had to come out so, SO badly. Waves roared and lapped at her overworked sphincter, which quivered against the mighty weight.

This happened again and again. She would start to pee— She would start to really, really PEE— so she’d cup herself as tight as possible and tense up every muscle she had. She’d regain control over the flood for a few more measly minutes, and then another jet would glide into her clothes, starting the process over again.

Finally… The bell was ringing. Finally, she was free. This was the worst moment of all. She knew she had to RUN. She knew she had to HURRY if she wanted to beat all the OTHER girls that were just as desperate as her. But, she also COULDN’T run anymore. Speed was the only thing that could save her from a long line, but it was also the thing that was sure to damn her.

She forced herself onto her feet as carefully as she could, maintaining her fraying control over the sloshing cup balanced precariously inside of her. She took mincing, contorted steps from the room, noting that several of her classmates were doing the same, and paying careful attention to which GIRLS were doing it. She had to beat them, she just HAD to. She was gonna have an accident…

Oh, but they were moving so much faster! Naomi felt like she was trapped in slow-motion, all while moving through molasses. Jessica left the room first and bounced down the hallway, Brooke right after her, then Susan… Everyone was getting ahead! They should have waited, they should have looked at Naomi and thought ‘Oh, she has to go the worst, we should wait for her’!

By the time Naomi finally GOT to the girls’ room she’d been fantasizing about for what felt like a lifetime, the line was out the door and stretching FAR down the hallway. She forced herself to take her spot at the very end, gazing out at what must have been DOZENS of other overflowing girls. Each… Each one was desperate, so they’d all need at least a minute to finish. There were multiple stalls, but that wouldn’t cut down on the time too much. And once Naomi got close enough, she’d have to hear the streams firing out, colliding so loudly with the toilet water, creating that unmistakable hiss that only happened when a girl was enjoying a VERY needed pee… Some of them would probably moan or sigh, adding to the auditory torment…

When a few girls emerged, pink faced and maddeningly calm, from the restroom, Naomi squeezed her eyes tightly closed and told herself she could hold it. ‘Look, three of them are already finished. Just wait and it will be your turn soon. Just hold it. Hold it, hold it, hold it…’ It felt like her bladder was held together with bits of chewing gum and duct tape, it felt like the tape was starting to peel, everything coming apart. ‘Hold it, hold it, please just hold it…You don’t have to go that bad. You can wait. Just hold it.’

As she performed her familiar pee dance, it struck her that it no longer embarrassed her. Crossing her legs, jumping around, skipping in place… Even blatantly holding herself was no longer a grand, epic humiliation. Every other girl in line ahead of her was doing the same thing and, when she looked across the hall to confirm, all the guys awaiting their turn in the men’s room were doubling over and clutching themselves as well.

The only issue with Naomi’s pee dance was how poorly it actually seemed to be working. All the clenching and contorting in the world wasn’t enough to make her bladder a few liters larger. Droplets continually broke free, warming and re-warming her panties as her fingers worked as hard as they could to form the cork she needed. Cold panic flooded into her veins, fear that today was finally going to be the day she’d been dreading all along; the day she completely peed herself at school, not even the smallest drop actually making it into a toilet bowl.

She buried her hands in her groin and doubled forwards, not caring that this caused her skirt to ride up and expose her panties— Black today, the easiest color to hide dark spots and stains on. Tears stung the corners of her eyes as her hands grew slick with warm wetness, her bladder continuing to push and push and push, its walls squeezing with so much strength that she felt powerless. “Not gonna make it…” she mumbled, not even noticing that her lips were moving. “Not gonna make it, can’t hold it…”

“Ahhh—!” A voice moaned behind her. “Don’t say that…”

Naomi somehow managed to turn around a little, even that small motion prompting another spurt. She saw another girl standing beside her, her face was pink and puffy, dotted with either tears, sweat or some mixture of the two. Naomi recognized this girl from some of her classes, her name was Fawn. Naomi had seen her squirming a lot during sixth period, and it looked like she hadn’t gotten to pee at any point since then. Fawn was folded over in half, her hands squeezing her crotch, her legs coiled. She looked as close to an accident as Naomi did. Little dark streaks were visible on Fawn’s pants, trailing down from her inner thigh to just above her knee.

“Don’t say that, if you don’t make it, I’m not gonna—“ Fawn sucked in a sharp breath, bent over more, and a faint hissing noise filled the air. “Can’t wait…”

The line inched forwards, and Naomi tried talking to Fawn in order to take BOTH of their minds off the agony of their needs. But, it was hard to pick a conversation topic when both of their brains were stuck on such… linear thought paths. “I haven’t gone since this morning,” Naomi said.

“Me neither,” Fawn said, stomping her feet hard against the floor. “I tried, like, four times to get to a toilet. They were all either locked, or the line was too long, or a hall-monitor made me go straight to class…”

“Every day, I— Ah—“ Naomi felt another leak. She needed something more between her legs, it was a shame she hadn’t been born with four hands. FOUR hands would be enough to plug her closed, surely. Every drop felt like it was trying to come out now, a non-stop pulsating in her most sensitive area that was driving her crazy. “Every day, I think ‘I’ve never had to pee this bad before,’ and then the next day is even worse!”

“I knowww,” Fawn moaned. “I— I actually… Earlier I thought about running outside and just popping a squat behind the school.”

Naomi chewed on her lip. SHE’D considered that a few times before herself. The thought of running back there, yanking down her panties and dropping into a squat, her urine gushing and arcing out in front of her to create a long, huge puddle of mind-breaking relief…

A stream started to roll down Naomi’s leg and she nearly went to her knees as she fought to stop it. “Oh, don’t mention that!” She groaned. “I can’t think about it!”

Fawn cringed, bobbing up and down. “S—Sorry,” she said.

At last, the line had budged forwards enough time that Naomi was able to set one foot inside the restroom. She had been anticipating this moment with equal parts excitement and dread; Excitement that she would finally be in the home-stretch, so close to using the toilet. Dread, because she was now subjected to the sound of each girl ahead of her letting loose their gushing streams, some of them exhaling with relief, or even commenting to a friend in a neighboring stall that they’d “just barely made it”. This was the worst thing about waiting in line like this, having to listen to other people do the thing she needed so, so very badly.

Naomi looked back at Fawn again. Fawn was her mirror image, legs coiled together, hands squeezing with all their strength. Her expression radiated with need, urgency and pain. The most agonized look that Naomi thought she had ever seen on anybody. Fawn’s eyes were darting in every direction, lip caught between her clenched teeth as she nearly hyperventilated. Her face was flushed with a sheen of sweat.

Flushed. Naomi wished she’d thought ANY word but that one. Her fingers kept pinching into her opening, her urethra stinging and screaming for the pressure to evaporate. Rather than evaporating, it just got worse and worse and worse. Her panties felt utterly soaked beneath her palms, like a rag left at the bottom of a bathtub for hours.

And for whatever reason, she kept glancing towards Fawn. Her heart was twisting for the other girl, whom now almost looked like she was about to burst into tears. Naomi wasn’t sure WHY she felt so much sympathy for Fawn, when EVERYONE was in the same position as her. Perhaps it was just easier for Naomi to feel bad for someone who’d get to pee AFTER her than it was to feel that way for someone ahead of her, still separating her from a stall.

Finally, a toilet flushed and a door popped open. A very relieved looking girl exited and headed for the sinks, and Naomi rushed for the now vacant toilet. She leaked profusely every step of the way there and barely even remembered to shut the door and lock it before sliding her sodden panties slickly down her legs and taking the seat she’d been dreaming about for ages.

The instant she felt the porcelain beneath her, all bets were off, a waterfall erupted from between her legs and fell with an echoing hiss into the bowl. Finally, she was peeing like she’d been dying to all day. She couldn’t resist a moan as hours as hours of suffering and torment came at last to such a blissful end. She didn’t think she’d ever stop being amazed by how GOOD it felt to relieve herself after such a long, awful wait.

She heard the stall beside hers being slammed closed and when she looked down at the gap, she saw Fawn’s feet jumping frantically before her pants and panties laid bunched around her ankles. “Can’t wait…” Fawn muttered. “Can’t wait… Ahhhhhhhhh….” Now, she was clearly sitting on the toilet, and letting out a geyser that rivaled Naomi’s in sheer force. She panted breathlessly. “Wow…” she managed with a soft exhale. “Didn’t think I was gonna make it…”

“Me neither,” Naomi agreed, continuing to pee as if her life depended on it. It took well over a minute for both girls to finish up and depart from their stalls. They washed their hands at the sinks together and then ended up walking out and down the hallway side by side. Naomi was self-consciously looking down at herself, like she did every day. She’d attempted to dab off her legs with some toilet paper, but her white socks had obvious spots on them, and she could feel the way her drenched panties clung to her skin.

Fawn’s damage was even more obvious though… One disadvantage of wearing pants rather than a skirt. Her butt displayed an enormous dark patch, and her pant-legs were streaked with liquid as well. Even if she’d gotten to a toilet in the end and released most of her pee where it belonged, she looked as though she’d had an accident. Fawn looked down at herself in horror. “Oh my God… This—“

“I—It’s okay,” Naomi said. “Not your fault. It could have been worse…”

Fawn nodded, she knew she COULD have poured the entirety of her bladder into her clothes instead of just PART of it. But, an almost-accident and a complete-accident both left the same mortifying stains. “This is… The worst it’s ever gotten. Like, every day, I almost pee my pants, but… I can’t go home like this.”

“I’ve almost wet myself every day, too,” Naomi said. “I know how it—“

“No, I really can’t go home,” Fawn interrupted. “My Dad’s gonna be so mad if he sees this. Every afternoon, he sees the wet spots and he just yells at me about how I’m too old to be having accidents, that I should KNOW when I have to go—“

“Haven’t you told him about the school policies?”

“I have,” Fawn said. “And it doesn’t make a difference. He still says it’s my job to be responsible and plan ahead AROUND the policies, since that’s what it’s gonna be like when I get a job.”

Naomi didn’t think there were very many jobs where the boss could force all the employees to hold their bladders for eight hours straight, and wouldn’t even make an exception if someone was about to have an accident. “How about this; I’ll take you to my house and get you something to change into. We’re about the same size, so I’m sure my stuff will fit. I’ll wash those pants and bring them back tomorrow.”

Fawn smiled. “Y—Yeah,” she said. “That’s really nice, Naomi.”

So, that was what the girls did. They reached Naomi’s house and Fawn changed into a pair of Naomi’s pants before heading home. Her Dad didn’t see her in sodden clothing and so had no reason to berate her. The next morning, Naomi returned Fawn’s pants… Which was good, because it gave her something ELSE to change into when the school day ended with yet another near-accident for her.

This routine kept up for the remainder of the week, and in the process, Naomi made her first real friend at her new school. They even decided to go out together that weekend, heading to the mall. That was the most fun Naomi had had in a while, Fawn was awesome to be around when they weren’t both squirming and writhing at the end of a line for the toilet. They actually had a lot of common interests, they both enjoyed rhythm games and shoujo mangas. They agreed on which pizza toppings were the best. They each loved rock music more than any other genre.

They were quickly becoming the best of friends. Which was a VERY good thing, because the next Monday, there came a moment where both of them REALLY needed a good friend by their side.

It was already shaping up to be one of the worst days of Naomi’s life for one very awful, and very stupid, reason. Somehow, and she had absolutely NO idea how, Naomi managed to wake up, get dressed, head out, and walk all the way to school without using the toilet at any point. She didn’t understand how she could have forgotten it. She’d been really exhausted since she’d had a test to study for, but still… Arriving to school with a freshly drained bladder was a REQUIREMENT. She didn’t now how she was ever going to manage now.

But, she told herself, she was lucky! She’d gotten to school early, AND she’d realized her mistake in time to remedy it. She’d visit the restroom before the first bell had even rung, get rid of all that had accumulated during the night, and there would be no problem. She hurried down the hallway to the nearest girls’ room and tugged on the handle.

It didn’t budge.

She tugged again, much harder.

Still nothing.

It was locked.

She tried not to give up hope and rushed to the next closest bathroom, but that one was locked as well. Blushing, she spun around and gave the men’s room a try, and didn’t have any better luck there.

The restrooms were still all locked up from when everyone went home last night. Dread knotted up in her stomach and coiled around her bladder like a snake. If she didn’t get this done before school, when WOULD she be able to go? She didn’t think she could wait until the end of the day like she usually did— Instead of leakage and sodden panties, she’d be standing in a lake!

She decided that the best thing she could do would be to wait right here, right next to the locked women’s room. Someone would HAVE to unlock it before the bell rang, and she could dash in for a much needed pee. This wasn’t the easiest thing in the world; Naomi was now a girl with an uncomfortably full bladder standing and staring at a door that held the universal symbol that meant ‘Toilets right here, come in and let it all out.’ But, she couldn’t go in, so the sign did nothing more than taunt her as she waited and waited. She started to tap her foot, trying to convince herself that the action was merely a product of boredom, and NOT a form of squirming intended to ease the tension in her bladder.

It was ten minutes before one of the hall monitors started to approach the door, and Naomi’s abdomen went light and loose with anticipation. In a matter of seconds, she’d be on the toilet, panties around her ankles, ridding herself of the pressure.

When the hall monitor spotted Naomi, her brows lowered. “What are you doing here?” She asked. “Students are supposed to wait in the auditorium until the first bell rings.”

“I was on my way there,” Naomi explained. “But, I need to use the bathroom, and the doors are all locked.” She bounced a couple times on her toes. Her body had been so certain of relief, her muscles had already unclenched a bit, it was making her feel so much more eager to go… “Could you unlock this one for me?”

“‘Fraid not,” the hall monitor said. “I haven’t got the keys. Go to the auditorium.”

“Actually, I was going to wait here until someone who DOES have the keys comes—“

“We can’t have students wandering the halls. Go to the auditorium. I’m sure the toilets will be unlocked after first period.”

Naomi’s heart pounded. Perhaps one of the bathrooms WOULD be unlocked then, but by the time she found which one was open, the line would be so long. And they were only allotted two minutes between classes. Once those two minutes were up, someone would come and lock the door again, regardless of how many students were still waiting to go! She wasn’t psychic, but she had a fairly good idea of what her future would entail if she went to the auditorium instead of continuing her wait for the toilet.

Naomi bounced a few more times, trying to emphasize her problem to the hall monitor. She kept her voice level and calm, hoping that politeness would get her somewhere. “I’m sorry,” she said. “It’s just, I really need to go. The end of first period is… Over an hour away, I’d prefer to use the bathroom before—“

“I’m supposed to write you up for even BEING here,” the hall monitor interrupted. “I’m trying to cut you a break, but if you don’t head to where you’re supposed to be, I might change my mind.”

Naomi reluctantly walked down the hall towards the auditorium. A few other students were here early as well, milling around. Naomi didn’t see Fawn, which disappointed her. She needed something to get her mind off her bladder, off of how uncomfortable it already felt. She felt a constant low thrum in her midsection, her body so confused as to why she’d been awake for so long without relieving herself.

She glanced towards a door at the other end of the auditorium. That one, she knew, led outside. Thinking back to earlier fantasies brought on by pure desperation, she wondered if she should go out that door, head to the forested area behind the school, and just squat. That would sure beat fighting to get a toilet break all day. And it would DEFINITELY beat risking an accident.

It wouldn’t even be a big deal. Naomi had never really been one for bashfulness. She dressed pretty and girly enough, but she wasn’t the type to be afraid of getting a little dirty, or to worry about what was and wasn’t ladylike. If peeing in the woods was the best option left available to her, then she’d just go pee in the woods.

She headed towards the door and, for the second time that morning, her internal sphincters started to unwind in preparation for the end of her hold. She actually felt weirdly excited. This would be her first time answering nature’s call in nature itself. Maybe it would be sorta fun!

She reached the exit and pushed it open, stepping outside onto the blacktop. She walked across it carefully, hoping no member of staff was around to spot her out of place again. She kept walking until she finally noticed the problem.

Last week, the black top had been open, after a person walked all the way across it, they could go straight into the woods.

Today, there was a new fence.

Naomi stood in place for a moment, swaying as she tried to spot some kind of gate she could pass through. She didn’t see it, and she knew it would probably be locked anyway. She doubted she could climb the fence without being noticed. Her hands moved up under her skirt, gripping her panties as though to tug them down. She needed to go… Her urethra was twitching, bladder furious at having its relief snatched away two times now.

She could just go back a few feet until she was right next to the school, yank down her underwear and lower herself into a crouch. She could pee there… Her bladder stung at the thought. She wanted to…

But, she was in a LOT more danger of getting caught in the act if she did it right next to the school. She thought she’d be mostly okay if another female student spotted her, but if a guy did it, or— worse— a member of the staff…

She didn’t think she wanted to risk that.

Maybe… Maybe she’d get lucky today and, on the way to first period, she could pop into the (hopefully now UNLOCKED) bathroom and go. Everyone ELSE hadn’t been stupid this morning, they’d probably ALL peed before coming to school, so there wouldn’t be a line this early.

She really, REALLY hoped that her new plan would work.

She went back into the auditorium, willing the first bell to ring so that she could return to the halls and try to use the restroom again. When that moment came, she was the first one out, walking as fast as she could towards the girls’ room she’d been shooed away from earlier. She tugged at the handle and her heart sank down until it was resting uncomfortably atop her still filling bladder.

The door wasn’t opening.

She spotted a different hall monitor and went up to him. “H—Hey,” she said. “Do you have the door for that room? I have to go.” She shifted between her feet. She didn’t feel desperate enough that she just HAD to jiggle, but a fidgeting girl was sure to get at least a little sympathy, right?

“I do,” he said, and Naomi almost leapt for joy, but then he continued. “We aren’t supposed to unlock them yet, though. Not until after first period.”

Naomi wriggled her hips and bent over a bit, trying her best to drive her point home. “C—Can you make an exception? I just— I need to go now. And I wanna be able to concentrate in first period,” she added that last part in another attempt to appeal more to him. Yes, Naomi was a very good student, and she needed to go to the toilet to keep her grades up!

“Sorry,” he said. “Students are supposed to go at home before school.”

“I— I forgot this morning,” Naomi whined. Her bladder pulsed harder inside her, its desire to drain seeming to ratchet up a few more degrees every time she was denied. “Please? I’ll be fast!”

“I want to,” the hall monitor said. “I think these rules are ridiculous, but I’m not allowed to break any of them. Just get to class, I promise this one will be unlocked afterwards.”

Naomi trudged miserably to first period. At the moment, her anxiety about not being able to go to the bathroom was worse than her desperation to do it, but she knew that was going to change fast. She took her seat and faced forwards as more students filed in.

One of them was Fawn, whom took the spot right next to Naomi. “Hey,” Fawn said. “Something wrong?”

“I have to pee,” Naomi responded. “I forgot to use the bathroom this morning, and all the toilets are locked. And they put up a fence out back so I couldn’t even go in the woods.”

Fawn frowned. “You were actually gonna use the woods?” She asked, shocked. She’d fantasized about doing that before, sure, but she’d never once thought she’d actually have the nerve to DO it. “Is it that bad?”

“Not an emergency yet.” Naomi said, fidgeting with her feet beneath her desk. “But, there’s no way I can make it until the end of the day.”

Fawn nodded. Poor Naomi… It was always so close even when she DIDN’T start the day already a little full…

“The guy told me the toilets will be open after this class, so I’m gonna go then… The line shouldn’t be too bad, I don’t think…” Naomi kept mumbling to herself, her bladder sending her nervous twinges that made her tense up her thighs.

“I hope so…” Fawn said. “I’ll go with you.”

Naomi watched the clock carefully for the next hour, the thrumming pressure in her abdomen building into more of a pulsating ache. Every few seconds, there’d be a sharper bolt of need that rippled through her, forcing her to squeeze her thighs together rhythmically. When the bell rang and she stood up, her liquid all surged downwards in a panicked rush at her opening. She had to bounce a few times to overcome the spasm.

Fawn looked at her with sympathy. “You made it,” she encouraged.

Naomi gave a shaky nod, and the girls exited the classroom together. They went down the hall, towards the restroom Naomi had been PROMISED would be unlocked.

To her immense relief, it WAS open.

However, there WAS a line.

Not a long one, but enough that she was worried about getting a turn before the two minute long passing period was over. She scrambled to take her place at the end of the line, all too aware of the sounds of toilets flushing pouring out the door.

Naomi’s urge had gone from annoying to insistent, her bladder sending numerous warning pangs, telling her that if she didn’t get into a stall soon, it was going to start getting painful. The waistband of her skirt felt tighter than it usually did, snuggly pressing against the curve of her bladder. She crossed her legs as she stood in the line, squeezing her thighs together.

Fawn got in line behind Naomi. She was starting to feel the need as well, just a slight buzzing against her sphincters that was very far from an emergency, but she was sure a pee would feel pretty good right now. She still made sure Naomi was ahead of her, knowing the other girl had held it for way too long already and was in a much worse state. Fawn hoped that there would be enough time for Naomi to have a turn before the door had to be locked once more.

Naomi stepped in place as she waited, raising one heel after the other off the floor. Her hands were clasped in front of her and her teeth worried at her lip. She counted the people ahead of her, there were only five, but would they all be done in under two minutes? She silently begged for the other girls to all make it fast, she didn’t want to spend another class period distracted by the ever-present throbs pushing against her opening.

Contrary to how things usually felt when she was waiting for a toilet, time seemed to be moving in fast forward for Naomi now. She knew at least one minute had already passed her by, leaving a mere sixty seconds for her to reach the front of the line. Her bladder was doing anxious cartwheels inside of her, and the butterflies in her stomach seemed to be having a dance party. Only three girls left ahead of her now, and the closer she got to the restroom, the worse she had to go. Her poor bladder had been teased so relentlessly this morning, and still hadn’t learned its lesson, because she felt her muscles loosening on their own in anticipation.

Two more in front of her…

One more…

She was next! She was gonna make it! She was gonna get to—

Just as the final girl left the restroom and Naomi was about to go in, the bell rang and the same hall monitor from earlier stepped in front of her and started to lock the door. “H—Hey!” Naomi cried, rubbing her knees together. “I didn’t get to go yet!”

The hall monitor turned around, frowning when he recognized her. “I’m sorry,” he said. “It’s the policy, there’s nothing I can do about—“

“But— You said earlier that I could go after first period!” Naomi protested, she bounced and bounced, dismayed by how much genuine NEED she had to do that now. The jiggling wasn’t merely an act to appear more sympathetic, it was NECESSARY to quell the aches rippling through her midsection. “It’s after first period, so let me go!”

“I’m sorry,” the hall monitor repeated. “Second period is already starting, I could get in trouble if I bend the rules for y—“

“She hasn’t gone to the toilet since yesterday,” Fawn interrupted, putting a hand to her squirming friend’s shoulder. “Can’t you make an exception?”

The hall monitor only apologized again. Naomi was getting sick of hearing the words “I’m sorry”. If he was REALLY sorry, then he’d let her use the restroom! “You can go after second period, or third… Or, you SHOULD be able to go at lunch…”

“I need to go now,” Naomi stated firmly. Her chest felt hot and achey, she was burning up with frustration. This whole policy was so ridiculous! If she wasn’t allowed to take a pee break during class, then it made no sense to make it so difficult to use the bathroom OUTSIDE of class time, too!

“I know, I understand,” the man said. “You can go after your next class, now hurry before you’re late.”

Naomi stomped off, trying not to shout. She didn’t think he ‘understood’ at all! How would he like it if he’d been made to hold his pee ALL freaking morning, and the second he was about to FINALLY let it out, someone just locked the door and ordered him to hold it for another whole hour?!

Fawn sat beside Naomi again in their next class. She was very worried for her friend now, and her own bladder had begun to spasm. It was as though Naomi’s discomfort was somehow contagious. She had to scissor her legs back and forth a few times to alleviate a few sharper pangs down below.

The two fidgeted restlessly until the end of class, and Naomi practically sprinted to the women’s room afterwards. But, the line was even longer than it had been an hour ago, and she was nowhere near the front of it before the door was locked. Again, she protested it, squirming and wriggling where she stood, anxious sweat flowing down her face. “I’ve had to go all day! Please, just let me use it! I’ll be really fast!”

It was a different hall monitor now, and this one was less friendly than the man from earlier. She didn’t even bother to feign any sympathy for the jiggling, needy girl and her steadily distending bladder. “Get to class,” she said.

Fawn shook her head, “We’ll go to class after we pee,” she said. The twitching tingles in her midsection had transformed into sharp, jabbing pokes. It was about the same level of need she USUALLY felt at this time of day, which was to say that she was beginning to feel a tad desperate. “Promise.”

“Get to class,” the hall monitor repeated. “Or, I’ll have to write you up.”

“Fine,” Naomi huffed. She didn’t care about getting in trouble. Hell, if she brought a note home to her parents that said ‘Naomi insisted on using on bathroom after being told no’, they would just wonder why in the world she was being punished for simply needing to GO. “Write me up after I go to the toilet.”

“No, if you choose this, you’re going straight to the office. No bathroom. Get to class.”

Naomi’s heart sank, weighing down atop her full bladder. She liked so many things about this school! The homework was easy, the teachers were all good at explaining things, she’d made a nice friend… But this ONE thing was just SO horrible that it was impossible for her to feel happy here!

Naomi and Fawn went in separate directions for their next class, and both spent the entire period tapping their feet and crossing their legs. The bell rang, and they met up again at the end of the line for the girls’ room. When Naomi saw its length, she felt like crying. She knew she wouldn’t get a turn, but she couldn’t bring herself to walk away and just go to her next class.

Fawn tugged at the waist-band of her shorts, trying to move it away from the hard flesh in her middle. Her bladder was well and truly full now, and her feet were in endless motion, slapping against the floor with audible taps.

Naomi was even worse off, of course. Fawn saw that her hands were gripping the edges of her skirt, pulling at it. It was clear that the girl longed to put her hands between her legs, but was trying hard not to give in to the desire. She marched in place, squeezed her eyes closed, and then leaned forwards.

Fawn assumed she was just doubling over in response to a more severe pang, but then she heard Naomi speak to the girl right in front of her. “C—Can I cut?” She asked. “Please? It’s just— I’ve been trying to pee all day, and they always lock it before I—“

The other girl shook her head, swaying from side to side in a way that suggested she had quite a bit of liquid sloshing around within her. “No, I can’t wait.”

Naomi frowned, looking at this other girl’s posture. She supposed she DID look uncomfortable, but Naomi was CERTAIN she needed to go a whole lot worse. She should be allowed to cut! Her urethra was starting to sting, muscles growing sore from the hours and hours of forced retention. Her eyes stung as well, panic running coldly through her veins. She knew she wasn’t going to get to a stall before fourth period, she’d have to endure another hour of fullness. But then, it would be lunch. Would she be able to go during lunch?! If she didn’t, then she’d… She’d probably have to hold it to the end of the day as usual. She COULDN’T hold it to the end of the day this time, she KNEW she couldn’t. There was literally no chance of that happening!

Her anxiety must have been causing her to shake, because she felt Fawn touch her arm. “L—Lunch is just one more hour,” she encouraged. “Then, we’ll have thirty whole minutes to use the bathroom!” She was trying to sound upbeat and positive, but she wasn’t any more optimistic about their chances than Naomi was.

Seeing Naomi so frantic was having a noticeable affect on Fawn. Her earlier thought about the desperation being contagious came back to her. Just having to watch her friend writhe and whimper like that made Fawn’s bladder shudder with enough sympathy pains that she had to cross her legs.

The bell rang. The door was locked. Neither Naomi nor Fawn got to pee. The wriggly girl who’d refused to let Naomi cut didn’t get a turn either, and Naomi heard her moan as she walked towards her fourth period class. That girl’s legs were wobbling, but not as badly as Naomi’s were when she started moving. It now felt like she was balancing a glass of water on her head, and that one wrong move would make it spill over and drench her.

During fourth period, Naomi was left with no choice but to start cupping herself, fingers buried against her twitching opening. Her thighs flexed and rubbed against one another as she stared at the clock, willing lunch time to hurry up and start. She wished she shared this class with Fawn, so that they could pass notes. She thought that would be a serviceable distraction from what was now a rather painful need.

The lunch bell rang and Naomi sprang up. She’d intended to bolt for the cafeteria right after, but her bladder had NOT appreciated how quickly she’d gotten to her feet. A sick earthquake of a spasm sent ripples through her bladder, making it feel like oceans were at war inside of it. Every step stabbed through her like the sharpest of blades. She shuffled slowly through the hallway, passing a bathroom.

She doubted it would be open, but she gave it a try anyway. Of course, it was indeed locked. Only the cafeteria restrooms were unlocked during the lunch hour. Another stupid, awful rule that only succeeded in forcing the students to squirm, and costed them their time to eat. As she continued her pained, contorted walk to the cafeteria, her hands pressed themselves into her crotch. She was amazed by how much better that made her feel, even the smallest lessening of the pressure was a relief.

Naomi wasn’t even that hungry, though. Her body was so full of fluid that she couldn’t even bear the thought of putting something else into it. She entered the cafeteria, and she spotted the massive line for the girl’s room on the other side of it. Fawn was at the very end, bending forwards and backwards, one hand lightly touching her lower stomach as though for comfort.

Naomi stood beside her, and was surprised when Fawn encouraged her to cut in front. Fawn was stepping in place and so obviously struggling, but she STILL wanted Naomi to have a turn first. Naomi was so grateful, the throbbing pinches squeezing her urethral sphincters even eased off for a second.

But, ONLY for a second, because when Naomi picked up on the sound of a toilet being flushed from inside the restroom, the boiling pains re-ignited. The scorches of need were sharp and acidic, and it felt like the pee wasn’t even confined merely to her bladder anymore. The pressure had spread and moved out, weighing down her entire body. Like she had overflowed to such a heinous degree that pee was attempting to flood into any hollow space it could find within her.

And there were so many people in front of her. She knew this restroom only had two stalls, and she was scared that even THIRTY minutes wouldn’t be enough time for her to get to one. She bobbed up and down, pushing her fingers more tightly against her bladder’s only exit pathway. “F—Fawn,” she said. “H—Has the line at least been moving k—kinda fast today?”

Fawn shook her head, looking absolutely miserable. Her hips swayed and the clack of her shoes against the linoleum floor was constant. “Th—That’s the thing, only one of the stalls is working today, and—“ She bent over double, releasing a moan in protest of the vicious waves that had just slammed against her floodgates. “And— Oooh— This is gonna take forever.”

Naomi just stared at Fawn for a second. She couldn’t imagine worse news than that. There was just ONE toilet available for dozens and dozens of bursting girls? Couldn’t they have unlocked some of the other bathrooms after they discovered THIS one wasn’t fully operational? “Th—They should have opened another—“

“Someone else already asked,” Fawn interrupted. “They aren’t opening the others, because of how we aren’t allowed to leave the cafeteria during lunch.”

Naomi stomped her foot once in frustration, and then three times more to quell the incredibly angry sloshing of her bladder. At her LAST school, juniors and seniors were allowed to leave the cafeteria— Hell, they were allowed to leave the SCHOOL during lunch if they wanted! Here, they were being treated like little kids that couldn’t be left alone for five minutes! “I don’t get it, do they just like to make us hold it? I’m surprised I haven’t seen anyone have an accident, or get sick, or—“

“Th—That’s right, you’re new,” Fawn said. She uncrossed her legs and wrapped them back around in the other direction. She leaned hard against the wall and her knees buckled as she tried to remain standing. A small spot of heat bloomed inside her panties and she pushed both hands against herself, fighting to regain her bearings. “Ah— Th—They put in all these restrictions a couple y—years ago. There was th—this thing where some guy was hiding out in a closet and taking pictures of girls in the locker room. So the school completely cracked down on everything. They want to know where every one of us is at all times in case something similar ever happens.”

Naomi could understand SOME new rules being put in after something like that. She could understand banning cell phones and other devices with cameras, and making students sign out whenever they left the classroom. She couldn’t understand taking it to this much of an extreme, and never, ever making any kind of exception for anyone. It should be obvious to anyone with functional eyes that Naomi genuinely just had to pee really, REALLY bad and that her only intention today was to relieve herself, not to do anything that would hurt someone. Why did EVERYONE need to be punished to THIS extent because one person had done something awful?

The mention of the locker room DID give Naomi an idea. There was a gym class going on during every period of the day, meaning the locker rooms were always open. The locker rooms didn’t have any toilets, but they had shower stalls. If she wasn’t able to get to the front of the line before lunch was over, MAYBE she’d be able to get over to the locker room and go THERE without anyone catching her and ordering her back to her own class.

God… The thought of squatting down in the shower and letting her stream hiss into the drain… Just picturing it made her want to moan from the imagined relief. She could practically feel it now, the immediate rush as she gave her sphincters permission to loosen, the shrinking of her bloated bladder, the ecstasy of letting it all go and no longer having anything to fight against, losing herself to a world of bliss…

Hssssssss…

It didn’t strike her that her relief was no longer imaginary until she felt warm liquid gushing into her strained palms. Ah! No! She was peeing! No, no— Please, not yet! She squeezed and squeezed and squeezed at her groin, tightening every muscle in her pelvic region. The leak ceased, but dribbles kept squirting out, and she dug her fingers in even tighter, falling into a crouch as her eyes screwed closed and she released a low, agonized moan. This was it! This was it— This was the day— She couldn’t make it, she couldn’t hold it! She was gonna have an accident right there on the cafeteria floor, her entire grade there to witness it happen.

It was this thought that managed to give her the strength to plug her bladder shut again. The flow cut off completely, and not even a drop escaped for several seconds as she tried to remember how to breathe. Slowly, she stood back up again. But, she was unable to come to a full upright stance, she remained hunched over, and she didn’t DARE move her hands from her crotch. Her panties felt cold, damp and gross, but she kept her hands pushed against them, fearing that they’d get even wetter if she let go.

“A—Are you o—okay?” Fawn asked. She had been in long bathroom lines with Naomi loads of times, she’d seen her get REALLY desperate, she’d seen her get leaky and sodden… But what had happened a moment ago was worse than anything Fawn had ever witnessed. Naomi’s loss of control had been AUDIBLE, pee hissing as it forcibly flowed from her, and it had lasted for at least ten seconds before she was able to stop it. That sound hadn’t helped Fawn at all, the noise was so tempting to her, a siren song to her bladder, telling it how EASY it would be to just give up and soak out into Fawn’s (still mostly dry) shorts rather than staying locked inside her body. “N—Naomi?”

“I al—almost had an accident…” Naomi confessed miserably. She turned to the girl in front of her. “C—Can I please cut? I can’t hold it…”

“And you think I CAN?” The other girl asked, and Naomi saw that she too was cupping her hands against her crotch. She could just barely make out a very small dark spot on her pants as well. “Wait your turn.”

“I’ve been waiting my turn since seven thirty in the morning,” Naomi said. “I’ve waited as long as I ca—“

The other girl’s expression attempted to soften, but the strain she was under made friendliness difficult. “L—Look, I’m sorry, but I’m about to pee my pants. I can’t let you cut.”

Naomi was about to pee herself, too! She’d been about to pee herself for hours and hours! She knew this girl wasn’t going to budge though, and tried to picture herself in her shoes. If someone asked to cut in front of HER when she felt this frantic for the toilet, she definitely wouldn’t say ‘yes’, either.

Minutes ticked by, each one stretching Naomi’s bladder further and drawing forth whimpers from Fawn’s throat. The line moved ridiculously slowly, each girl needing at least a minute in the lone functioning stall before her bladder was completely drained dry. Naomi found herself looking over at the line for the men’s room. It too was long, and the guys waiting all looked like they were coming apart at the seams, but THEIR line moved far faster. Not only were BOTH stalls in the men’s bathroom still working, they ALSO would have a row of urinals, so many more places to go than what was available to Naomi and the other girls. That wasn’t fair at all, none of this was fair.

She couldn’t handle the jealousy that washed over her as she watched the guys’ line shrink so quickly, so she made herself look elsewhere. Her gaze fell on the trash can at the other end of the cafeteria and, before she knew what was happening, she was fantasizing again. She imagined herself running over to the bin, pushing her panties down and perching over its edge, peeing out her waterfall in a thunderous rush of relief.

That was one fantasy she wouldn’t act upon… Well, not unless the room was empty, anyway. If everyone else vacated the cafeteria, she didn’t think she’d have ANY qualms with turning the trash can into her toilet. It would be too tempting, it would feel too good to just… To just PEE—

“Nnnnhhhh…” Naomi mewled, folding forwards more as new heat seeped into her underwear, wetting her palms.

Fawn hobbled closer. She wanted to put a hand to her friend’s shoulder to comfort her, but by that point both of her hands were REQUIRED to stay glued between her quivering thighs. She felt like her holding muscles were on fire now, a burning ache ripping all through her abdomen, concentrating into a bright, sharp blaze inside her urethra. Drops slid out of her every few seconds. Single drops, that was all. Not enough for her to say that she was even peeing, not enough to give her any kind of relief. Just enough to flood her with panic, because she couldn’t get the dripping to stop. It was like her bladder was a broken faucet that could no longer be switched off all the way, constantly dribbling minuscule amounts of water.

The second only three girls remained in front of Naomi, the bell went off. The ringing sounded more like a death knell to Naomi, and to ALL the students that hadn’t yet been granted their turn at a toilet. “N—No…” Naomi whimpered, breaking into an icy sweat. She couldn’t control herself anymore, she’d lost the ability to think rationally or to consider things like politeness and modesty. She shoved her way past the three girls ahead of her and made it to the door, ignoring their protests. She grabbed hold of the doorknob and started to pull. She actually got it open, she could SEE the working stall, she could see ITS door was open, she could see the toilet. In just a few seconds, she’d be sitting on it. In just a few seconds, she’d be peeing…

“No,” a voice said, grabbing her wrist. “You heard the bell.”

Naomi looked to the woman now holding her in place, she squirmed and writhed, trying to yank her hand back. She needed it between her legs, she could feel another leak right there, right at the very edge, ready to come out! “Please,” she begged. “It will only take a minute, I’m gonna have an accident if I don’t g—“

“It’s time for class,” the woman said simply, like there was nothing to debate, like Naomi soaking her skirt wasn’t even a big deal.

“I know, but I can’t hold it anym—“

“I can’t hold it either!” Said one of the girls Naomi had shoved past.

“Me too!” she heard Fawn add.

“The bathrooms will be open again after your next class,” the woman said. “Just wait one more hour— It’s only an HOUR. I swear, all you girls get so dramatic about this every d—“

“Because we have to GO,” Naomi said, trying to wriggle free again. The door was still open, she could still see the toilet out the corner of her eye.

She was NOT allowed to get any closer to it, though. She, and everyone else that was still waiting, still holding, was sent out of the cafeteria and told to go to class.

Naomi had her next class with Fawn but, while Fawn immediately started to hobble towards it, Naomi went in the opposite direction.

Fawn turned, noticed her friend dithering. “None of the bathrooms are gonna be open,” she pointed out. She tried and failed to ignore how her bladder cramped with that acknowledgement, and she felt a small gush of slick heat pool into her panties. She already knew that this was going to be yet another day where she had to change her pants before going home. A wet spot was probably already visible on her crotch, she just couldn’t move her hands for long enough to get a decent look.

“I— I know,” Naomi said. “I’m g—gonna go to the locker room…” She continued her sluggish pace down the hallway, towards the gymnasium. The locker rooms were right beside it. If she didn’t run into any members of staff on the way there, she’d be able to ‘use’ a shower stall really soon. Her heart thundered as she imagined what would happen if she WASN’T able to enact this plan. She didn’t think her bladder could handle even one more class without exploding into pieces and leaving her in an enormous puddle.

Fawn started to follow her. “What f—“

“Showers,” Naomi said. “I just… I can’t wait anymore.”

Fawn froze in indecision for a second. The idea of using one of the school’s shower to get her relief sounded kind of… icky to her. She’d never peed anywhere other than a proper toilet. But, peeing her pants would be way grosser than letting it go down the drain. She decided to follow her friend.

They fought against their burgeoning bladders, and managed to make it to the locker room door before a hall monitor spotted them and knew they weren’t where they were supposed to be. Naomi’s protests of “But, I need to pee so bad! I’ll die if I don’t go!” Died on her lips. The hall monitor saw which door she was trying to go through, and knew that the door didn’t lead to any toilets. She was sure that urinating in the showers went against another of the school’s many rules.

So, they had to go all the way BACK to their next class, bodies protesting each step. They both felt so stretched out and bloated, they felt like they were carrying bowling balls in their stomachs. They were both dripping every so often. Just occasional droplets leaking free and making them blush with embarrassment, hearts pounding with the knowledge that it was only a matter of time before the dribbles became streams, and those streams became impossible to stop.

They entered their classroom, the teacher, Mr. Bowen, turned and glared at them over his shoulder. “Nice of you two to join us…” he said.

Naomi flinched. She knew she was late, and she knew that wasn’t good. But— for God’s sake— if all of the toilets were just ALWAYS unlocked and usable, she would have gotten here right on time!

Naomi took her seat, and Fawn was right next to her. Immediately, two sets of knees were knocking, feet sliding anxiously back and forth. Mr. Bowen was writing something on the board. Naomi was supposed to be copying it all down into her notebook. But, she couldn’t move her hands from between her legs to work a pencil. She was just gonna have to try to remember everything. She stared at the board and at the formulas written there, trying to copy them to her brain and commit them to memory. She could barely make out the symbols, they were all spinning and swirling, blurring at the edges. ‘So, that’s how you— Ah— I need to pee! No, no, focus. The formula for distance is— Nnnnh, I’m leaking!!’ She wriggled hard against her straining hands, grinding herself into her chair. Nothing was working! No dam was strong enough to fend off the typhoon trying to come through.

Fawn wasn’t fairing much better. She was able to take notes with one hand for a while, the other working itself to the bone in the battle against her bladder, but after about ten minutes one hand simply wasn’t enough. She needed to use all of her strength to keep the urine at bay, and the strain was causing tears to form in the corners of her eyes. Occasionally, she would accidentally kick Naomi, or Naomi would accidentally kick her. Each time, the jolting surprise would prompt a spurt to flow into at least one pair of panties.

Naomi felt so sodden, she didn’t understand how her underwear could be so wet, her thighs so clammy, and yet her bladder still so full. She’d leaked so much throughout the day, she was just lucky she’d been moving around so much so that it didn’t all end up in one big, obvious puddle. She was lucky she was wearing a skirt, her panties were soaked already but she’d been able to keep her skirt dry. Poor Fawn was wearing shorts, there was no way to keep them out of the line of fire when her bladder decided to force something free.

Naomi managed to squirm in silent agony for another three minutes before her hand just shot up on its own. Startled, her bladder pushed out a leak and the one hand that remained at her crotch had to push in harder. She had no idea why she was even raising her hand, she supposed it was just out of habit from her memories of her old school. THERE if she raised her hand and asked “May I please use the restroom” the answer was almost always yes. Back when she’d attended her old school, she hadn’t even known the MEANING of the word desperate…

She knew that word far too well now. She had become the very definition of it. Five days a week, her bladder became her own personal torture device, and she endured the full brunt of its awful power. How could her own body put her through so much blazing agony? Wasn’t it supposed to be on HER side?!

Mr. Bowen turned and noticed her. “Yes, Naomi?”

“C—Could I pl—please go to the bathroom?” Naomi asked. Her voice cracked, her vocal cords aching, every part of her pulled so taut in the effort of impeding the flood. There was not one millimeter of muscle inside of her that wasn’t in agony.

As soon as the words were out of her mouth, several of her classmates piped up to request a toilet break as well. They moaned, complaining of how long they’d been holding it, how many times they’d already tried to go today. None of them claimed to have been waiting longer than Naomi already had been. When she looked at the clock, she determined that it had been somewhere around fifteen hours since she’d last gotten to enjoy the relaxing bliss of sitting down on a toilet. If anyone got to go now, it should be her!

Fawn was the last to speak up and plead that she be allowed to pee as well.

Mr. Bowen clapped his hands together, silencing everyone and startling Fawn into releasing a fairly intense squirt of liquid. The leak lasted two full seconds before, with a great deal of bouncing up and down in her chair, she managed to cork up the flow.

Then, Mr. Bowen shook his head. “No, Naomi.”

Naomi’s bladder couldn’t accept ‘no’ for an answer anymore. It was going to empty very, VERY soon, the only question was whether it would empty into a toilet or into her panties. “But— But— It’s an emergency, I haven’t been in so—“

“Go during lunch.”

Anger joined the desperation to create a furious hurricane in Naomi’s stomach. “I tried! I didn’t get a chance t—“

“You aren’t leaving,” Mr. Bowen stated. “Not only did you arrive to my class late, even if I DID allow you out into the hall now, none of the bathrooms are open. You may go after class. ALL of you may go after class. My class is not your time to use the toilet.”

“But, I’m gonna have an acci—“

“Let’s get back to work, shall we?” Mr. Bowen sighed, facing the board once more. He kept writing things on it, but Naomi couldn’t read a single word or decipher any of the symbols. She felt like she was going insane. Her legs bounced like pistons, her knees grinding together. She clenched her thighs, crossed her legs, wriggled back and forth, spread her legs out, recrossed them, cupped herself with every ounce of strength she had left, ANYTHING to just please, please keep holding it! She bounced up and down in her chair, the tears slowly rolling down her cheeks as a jet of pee audibly hissed out and re-warmed her still drying panties. “Oooohhhh…” she moaned softly, setting her head down on her desk and gritting her teeth.

Fawn watched her friend, her brain caught between feeling concerned and focusing all its energy on helping Fawn maintain her tenuous hold on her own bladder. She stared down at her lap, at the hands digging against herself. She could make out the darkened material beneath her palms, and she could feel how sodden she’d gotten. It struck her then that, if she didn’t go to the bathroom after THIS class, she was guaranteed to pee her pants today instead. She didn’t even know if she’d be able to make it until the bell rang.

She really didn’t think Naomi could make it that long…

Naomi started to forget where she even was. The eyes of her classmates vanished, any knowledge of the fact that she was SUPPOSED to be paying attention to Mr. Bowen’s lecture faded. She couldn’t even hear him anymore, his voice had become a nearly inaudible buzz, just a lot of wordless, formless nothing. The room she was in blurred, all of the items around her turning into vaguely shaped blobs. The only thing in Naomi’s world that truly existed to her anymore was her bladder, and the raw, exhausted, totally shot muscles in charge of controlling it.

This was inhumane, it was simply impossible for a girl to hold in liters upon liters of burning urine for this long. It had to come out. Her ears were ringing, her heart was thudding, and tears streamed down her face. She wasn’t sure if she was crying audibly or not, she could no longer hear clearly, was no longer fully aware of even her own actions.

But, Mr. Bowen hadn’t snapped at her again to be quiet, so her tears must have been soft enough. What wasn’t soft were the occasional hisses of pee that continued to jet out from between her legs. She was no longer able to anticipate when one was about to happen, no longer able to grind her thighs together, squeeze a little tighter and try to prevent it. The leaks happened so suddenly, and each one made her more miserable. Her underwear was doubtlessly ruined, even though they were dark in color, she’d probably soiled them enough by now that a stain would remain anyway. The back of her skirt was starting to feel wet, too.

She couldn’t do this anymore.

It was over.

The pain was so extreme, far beyond anything else she had ever experienced. The statement “I have to pee really, really bad!” did not even do justice to the powerful pressure she was under. This was Hell, and she couldn’t take it anymore. Her body couldn’t take it anymore. The spurts were uncontrollable. She wasn’t going to make it to the end of this class, she wasn’t going to make it through the line for the bathroom, she wasn’t going to make it to a toilet. She was going to go right where she was, and with some dim acceptance of what was about to occur, she tried to maneuver her skirt around so that it wouldn’t get too badly damaged from the onslaught of water that was soon to be pouring from her.

Maybe she’d get really, really lucky. Her panties would be drenched, and there would be a puddle left on her chair, but her skirt would stay mostly dry. Then, if she ran from the room fast enough once class was over, before anyone noticed the liquid left in her seat, she’d get away with this. No one would even know she’d had an accident.

Fawn watched as Naomi’s hands shakily released from her crotch and started to tug the back of her skirt instead, lifting it up so that she was no longer seated directly on top of it. Fawn was confused, but too desperate to whisper and ask Naomi what she was doing. Fawn just kept grinding hard into her clutching palms, her fingers growing wetter and wetter by the second as more maddening, un-relieving drips spurted from her.

Naomi squeezed her hands back between her legs, but by that point it was really no use. Her floodgates had been destroyed, and she was letting out a constant dribble that burned as it exited her. It was over. She was going to use her current seat as a toilet, and there was nothing she could do about it.

With that final, despairing thought, her dribble gained a little more pressure, transforming into a real steady flow. Her panties warmed up considerably, heat spreading out below her as the fluid quickly overwhelmed the fabric to land on her chair instead. Holy… Ohhhh, that felt goooood… The dissipation of pressure inside her bladder along with the warmth surrounding her crotch created an all too intoxicating sense of relief. She sat there for a few seconds in a daze, lost in a world of hazy bliss while her urine pooled beneath her.

She almost even moaned, but then just enough of her agony faded to remind her of where she was and WHAT exactly she was doing. She was in class, and peeing herself. And really ENJOYING the sensation of doing so. She couldn’t help that last part at all, it just… She’d held it so long, it felt amazing to go, even if it was in her panties. But, moaning would draw attention and someone would definitely notice what was happening. When her ears picked up on the subtle hiss of her urine sloshing out, she grew concerned THAT would garner her some unwanted attention too.

Gritting her teeth, she tightened her muscles as much as she possibly could. As expected, this failed to make her stop peeing, only slowed the flow down enough that it wasn’t as noisy. It didn’t feel as spectacular anymore. She wanted to PUSH and pee with wild, reckless abandon, gushing it all out in an immense wave of total relief, but she couldn’t allow herself to do it that way. Everyone would hear it spraying and look over to watch as she emptied her bladder into her chair.

For the next several seconds, everything was okay. Naomi was peeing, her bladder slowly shrinking back down, the puddle beneath her growing larger and larger, warmer and warmer…

Drip…

Drip…

Plink…

But, then the puddle had gotten TOO big, and little streams started to cascade OFF the chair, splashing to the floor. Naomi clenched and clenched and clenched, trying to stop completely— She’d been wrong, there was no way she could get away with this! She couldn’t take a secret leak in class! She should have fought against this harder! What had she been thinking— She HADN’T been thinking, her bladder had supplanted her brain, had taken full control of her, had tricked her into giving it what it NEEDED, what SHE needed— She couldn’t stop going, worse yet, she started to void even more strongly, the audible hissing was back and there was nothing she could do other than just sit there and keep letting it happen.

At least the sensations of urinating after such heinous restraint were still pleasant. Really, really pleasant. She was amazed that this felt so good. It felt more incredible than any other pee she’d ever had, even it being an accident taking place in front of her classmates only diminished her euphoria a little. She could feel eyes on her, which made her blush though she didn’t dare to look, wanting to just enjoy this as much as she possibly could.

Fawn jolted when she heard the first loud slosh strike the floor, her eyes jumped over to Naomi, whom was trembling and shivering in her seat, trails of liquid flowing out from underneath her, wetly gliding down both her own legs and the chair’s. Naomi was red-faced, humiliated, sweating… But also… Her eyes were glazed over, and her lips were parted. It was obvious, no matter how bad and embarrassing her situation actually WAS, a part of her was in Heaven simply because she was finally PEEING.

It sure looked like it felt good… Fawn’s straining bladder felt close to splitting open! When more loud splashes pattered against the ground, a ton of bricks slammed directly on top of Fawn’s full bladder. The bloated, rounded curve protruding out of her lower stomach crumpled inwards, threatening to burst like a water balloon with a cinderblock dumped onto it.

“Nnnnh!” Fawn gritted out, an involuntary noise as she doubled over, her holding muscles shuddering, the liquid squeezed behind them beginning to move. It surged down, down, down against her weakening muscles, and a thin, warm stream erupted from her opening, soaking into the already damp fabric of her shorts. She restrained the next surge, but it was torture. In a frenzy, she thought about letting out more pee if only to get rid of some pressure and give herself a better chance of making it, but she knew if she allowed her bladder to relax for even one second, she wouldn’t be able to restrain it again. She would completely pee her pants if she gave herself permission to go at all, so she fought to keep it ALL inside, pale, twitching, and close to tears.

“I HAVE TO PEE!” Fawn exclaimed, hardly aware of what she was doing. Her voice sounded wrong to her own ears, and when she realized how loudly she’d said that, the embarrassment made her start to cry for real. She coiled up on herself, begging for the inevitable flood to stay where it was.

Mr. Bowen sighed, not looking away from the board. “I know. And I’m very sorry if you think these rules are unfair…”

Naomi, still in the process of drenching her seat, spoke next “L—Let her go!” She wanted at least ONE of them to make it!

Mr. Bowen didn’t respond.

Fawn whimpered softly, “I—It h—hur—hurts…” she gasped, another stream of liquid rushing into her shorts despite all the effort she was putting in to keep it locked up. It took over four seconds of absurdly delirious relief and utter terror to make it stop. Her body was in Hell, tormented, bloated, pulsating in white hot flashes of needy, painful urgency.

In her blind desperation, she fumbled to her feet, losing quite a few squirts in the process. She struggled to the door, feeling tiny drips come out with every step.

“Fawn,” Mr. Bowen said. “Get back in your sea—“

“I can’t hold it anym—“ Fawn’s bladder jerked and convulsed, and she failed to stop another jet of urine. “A—Anymore…”

Naomi, now finally nearing the end of her own release, watched Fawn with dismay. Her friend wasn’t going to make it, either. And Naomi didn’t know if she’d get back to her seat before her control shattered entirely— Naomi didn’t know if she’d even have the luxury of THAT little bit of privacy, or if she was going to have to soak herself with everyone still paying attention to her.

Mr. Bowen didn’t even appear the least bit sympathetic! “Sit down. Wait until—“

“I CAN’T—“ Fawn doubled over, both hands squeezed hard between her trembling thighs. She pressed down with all of her weight, but all that did was compress her bursting bladder. She was incapable of stopping the next leak, nor the one that came after, and then she… Started to pee, spraying with intense force.

“N—No!” Fawn cried out, moaning as her bladder just voided even more strongly.

Naomi felt the last of her liquid leave her, just as Fawn’s accident began to pick up and flood out in earnest. Her heart sank, the horror she felt for her friend overpowered everything else. She hardly felt the pleasure of her freshly emptied bladder, barely registered how much better it felt to be freed from the pressure, all she could focus on was how utterly humiliated poor Fawn was.

She looked around, it did not appear that any of her classmates were amused by Fawn’s misery, which was good. Most of them looked sympathetic. A few of the ones that were squirming, desperate to do what Fawn was doing, even seemed to be a tad envious— Imagining how good it would feel to just give up and let it all flow. If Naomi hadn’t already wet herself, then the sight and sound of Fawn’s bladder exploding would have forced her to.

Fawn crossed and bounced, folded in half with both hands still at the crotch of her jeans, but none of it did any good. She was peeing, just as hard and fast as she would have been had she been seated on a toilet. “Please!” She begged, not even sure whom she was speaking to. She was frozen, she couldn’t walk, even to dart out of the room to finish her accident in the empty hallway rather than the crowded classroom. “Please, please! Please!”

Her cries didn’t mean a thing though, they couldn’t stop the torrent that flooded from her body. Her hips jerked back and forth, still trying to put an end to the release, squeezing her hands against her utterly soaked crotch, drenching her hands, but it did nothing! She peed and peed and peed, the fluid hissing through her shorts and trickling in pale yellow rivers down her legs, puddling to the floor. Pee cascaded down her thighs and the sides of her calves.

Fawn started to cry, sobbing as she continued to wet herself right there in the classroom. The worst part of all was that her bladder was STILL throbbing urgently, STILL making her feel like she was desperate to go even though it had already burst, even though she was urinating for all she was worth. She writhed one more time and just gave up, her legs spreading apart on their own, her hands unclenching from her front, and her body continued to reject every last drop she had been carrying in a heavy, unstoppable wave.

She couldn’t stop peeing, nor could she stop crying. This was the worst day of her life. She was eighteen, this was her last year of school, but she was having an accident in front of all her classmates as though she’d barely started Kindergarten. Her sobs were the only thing loud enough to cancel out the sound of her ever-growing puddle.

After nearly two minutes of continuous gushing, her tap finally switched off. Her body had deflated with her bladder, and her mood along with it. She looked down, her shorts were so wet, only a few random patches of dryness that, if anything, just made it MORE obvious that she’d wet herself. The puddle she’d left behind was enormous, too.

She still couldn’t move.

“Well,” Mr. Bowen said. “This is why we tell you all to use the bathroom during lunch.”

Naomi sprang to her feet, gripping the edge of her dress. Her panties had gone cold now, and they clung stickily to her skin. It was so uncomfortable, and the splattering noise that could be heard when her chair got pushed slightly through her puddle was humiliating and obvious. “We both TRIED to— I tried to go ALL day! There aren’t enough toilets for everyone to go! You don’t give us enough time!”

“You’re all seniors, many of you are ADULTS,” Mr. Bowen said. “You’re at an age where you should be able to PLAN—“

“Both of us have been going STRAIGHT to a bathroom between classes ALL DAY, we just never got a turn to USE any of them!” Naomi said. The clamminess of her underwear was starting to get to her. They felt like they had after her first day of school, where she hadn’t had time to pull them down before sitting on the toilet and had just peed through them instead. But, this was worse, because none of her urine had ended up where it was should have, in spite of all her best efforts.

Fawn hiccuped, trying to stop her tears and calm down. At least she knew Naomi wasn’t going to make fun of her now…

“Naomi, did you have an ‘accident’ too?” Mr. Bowen asked.

Naomi looked down, and saw that a bit of her liquid HAD managed to slosh onto her skirt, there were several tell-tale dark spots dotting its material.

“Both of you— Go to the nurses office, get changed, and come right back. You’ve disrupted my class more than enough for one day.”

Tearfully, Fawn hurried from the room, and Naomi followed after her, blushing as her wet socks squished with every step. When she caught up to Fawn, she asked if she was okay.

Fawn just shook her head, she was crying too hard to speak.

“It’s not fair what happened,” Naomi said. “Mr. Bowen was a jerk…” He was really the only teacher in this school whom Naomi disliked. She was sure that, had they drenched themselves in anyone else’s class, they would have been met with a bit more sympathy about it. “It’s just… It’s not fair,” she repeated.

Fawn still didn’t reply, merely kept walking in the direction of the nurse’s office.

Once they’d reached it, they didn’t even have to tell the nurse why they were there. She could tell. Fawn’s accident was blatantly displayed by her sodden shorts, and while Naomi’s skirt had MOSTLY escaped her deluge, the yellow tint to her socks and the slick, shimmering quality to her legs were obvious enough.

They were told to pick garments from the lost and found to change into and the nurse pointed out a small restroom they could go to for privacy as they got dressed. Stunned to see an unlocked toilet, Naomi started to ask “Could we come to use it sometimes?” She’d bet a lot of the students didn’t even know there was a toilet hidden here, much less that it was apparently ALWAYS available. She and Fawn could come HERE when they needed to go between classes, no more waiting in lines and missing their chances!

The nurse shook her head, “If I let YOU do it, I’d have to let everyone do it. I can’t have a line here every day.”

“But—“ Naomi nibbled her lip. “We only… We only had accidents today because we weren’t able to use any of the—“

“I know,” the nurse interrupted. “And, believe me, you aren’t the first. I’ve spoken to the principal about changing the rules, but convincing that man of anything is like pulling teeth.”

Naomi frowned. She sifted through the lost and found with Fawn until both girls had picked out pants that looked like they’d fit.

When Naomi got changed, she realized there was nothing she could do about her ruined underpants. She hadn’t even thought about looking for another pair in the lost and found, not that she thought she wanted to WEAR a stranger’s used panties anyway. She took off her underwear and wrung them out over the toilet as best she could, but they still felt wet when she put them back on and pulled on the new pants.

Fawn got changed next, she too had to try to squeeze out as much liquid from her panties as she could, but the clammy feeling stayed after she’d gotten re-dressed. Glumly, she decided to use the toilet while she was here. Her bladder hadn’t had enough time to re-fill much, but she was grateful to be allowed to let out even a tiny trickle in a proper place.

She left the restroom, then she and Naomi went back to the hallway. Fawn had stopped crying and felt ready to talk again. “Th—Thanks for trying to stand up for me,” she said. “Ev—Even though it didn’t work.”

“No problem,” Naomi said. “Thanks for sticking with me all day.”

