Odd Girl Out

Author: _Snowflake

*000*2016-04-20 18:37

Welcome to my first story in this site! I am so excited to finally get this on the go, I have been planning this for a very long time, but I finally jumped into action because of the second contributor, Kai Wall. She may publish certain chapters later in the story. The storyline consists of the protagonist going to her vacation house with one of her friends. That is all you really need to know, for now...

This is an interactive story, to those of you who don't know what that means, after every section of the story, you audience will get to make a choice. What choices you make deciphers what ending you'll end up getting. Certain choices will make or break a bond you have developed with certain friends. In the end, you will choose one to take with you to your vacation house. As a date or as a friend is all up to you.

Good luck!

{Odd Girl Out}

{June 7th, 2014, Two weeks until departure}

You wake up to the ringing of a alarm in your ears, the same alarm that has pestered you the past 10 months of your 18-year-old life. Time to get up for school. With a flick of a hand, the noise was silenced, and with a grumble, you reluctantly roll out of bed, throwing off the covers. Letting out a yawn, you look in the mirror beside your bed, just like every morning.

{Who do you see?}

{Name: Elise

Looks: Medium length, curly brown hair. Wears thick rimmed glasses, and metallic braces for a slight underbite. Classic 'nerd' look. Loves jeans, and t-shirts, but will occasionally wear a skirt.

Personality: They say, 'Don't judge a book by its cover!' but in this case, what you see is what you get. Elise loves video games, and excels in school. Labeled the 'weird' one of her friend group, but she embraces every moment.

Habits: Elise is very open about her needs, unless she is playing video games. In which case, ironically, has resulted in many previous accidents.

Overall likeliness of an accident: Moderate/High}

{Name: Lilith

Looks: Short pink dyed hair, (used to be naturally blonde) green eyes. Sundresses are her main choice when it comes to clothing. Has her signature Lily headband on at all times.

Personality: Shy at first, but once she warms up, she is fun and energized! Labeled the 'fun' one in the group. Lilith seems to have endless energy, so often caught running around in the gardens, admiring all the flowers and caring for them the best she can. (Her dream job is to be a florist!)

Habits: Tends to joke around about her needs at first, but will become silent the more her urge increases. Very bladder shy, will avoid using public restrooms at all costs.

Overall likeliness of an accident: Moderate}

{Name: Willa

Looks: Long dirty-blonde hair, and blue eyes. Also has braces to correct some malocclusion. Hoodies and sweatpants are her best friend, and wouldn't be caught dead in anything above the knee. Short for her age.

Personality: Very shy, even to the closest of her friends. Labeled the quiet one of her friend circle, but don't get on her bad side! Sometimes the tiniest people throw the hardest punches. Good with classes, but often bored in them, so doesn't pay as much attention as she should.

Habits: Silent about her needs, afraid of being a inconvenience to people.

Overall likeliness of an accident: High}

{Name: Arianna

Looks: Red hair pinned up in a high ponytail, brown eyes. A few freckles speckled over her cheeks. When not in her gym clothes, she wears tank tops and yoga pants.

Personality: Typical tomboy, and athletic. She participates in various sports both in school and after school. Labeled the 'athletic one' of the group. Despite the usual definition of athletic people, can actually be quite sensitive.

Habits: Makes countless jokes about her needs, even when she is bursting.

Overall likeliness of an accident: Small}

{Name: Allie

Looks: Sleek black hair, and hazel eyes. Usually wears any clothing 'in-style', may that be sweatpants or dresses.

Personality: Marketed as the popular girl, but is always faithful to her best friends. Isn't really labeled anything in the group, other than the 'fashion police' that is. Very open and outgoing, and will speak her mind.

Habits: Doesn't say anything about her needs unless they become obvious.

Overall likeliness of an accident: Small/Moderate}

[Choose Elise]

[Choose Lilith]

[Choose Willa]

[Choose Arianna]

[Choose Allie]

*003*2016-04-20 19:30

Votes will close tomorrow at 4pm Atlantic time.

*009*2016-04-21 18:08

Votes might have to stretch out longer, until we get a tiebreaker.

But we'll see, we still got a hour.

*012*2016-04-21 20:27

Votes have been counted!

Lilith wins! I'll post a chapter soon.

