Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*008*2022-12-06 20:15

River and Duncan had both suffered a number of injuries when they were imprisoned by the Organization. Most of them had healed, leaving behind just physical and mental scars. But, one of the injuries Duncan had gotten had left what looked to be a permanent issue behind.

He’d gotten hit extremely hard in the middle with a very, very heavy object. It had been one of the worst pains he’d ever felt in his life, and while he HAD healed up for the most part, it still did effect him. He couldn’t eat too quickly without worrying about throwing up, and sometimes when he sneezed hard enough his bladder would get… Leaky. Even if he didn’t have to go that badly, a sneeze could prompt some dripping and he’d have to run to the toilet.

He didn’t think River or Hugo had noticed it yet. He never spurted enough to leave a mark, after all. And he didn’t think the way he always hastily mumbled “E—Excuse me, I need to go…” before rushing to the restroom was TOO suspicious.

Duncan didn’t want them to know about this.

He’d NEVER leaked in his pants from sneezing before, and he KNEW that the harm done to his body by the Organization was to blame for his new problem. It made him pretty angry, he hadn’t known that ‘not wetting my pants a tiny bit every time I sneeze’ was something he shouldn’t have taken for granted.

Duncan couldn’t hide his problem forever. A few days after his and River’s first real outing, they both had really terrible colds. Hugo had expected them to maybe get a little sick as they re-entered the world, spending all their time inside meant they weren’t exposed to as many germs, their immune systems may have been affected.

He hadn’t expected them to get quite THIS sick, though. He actually considered postponing all of the deliveries he’d been planning to make so he could stay home and take care of them. River had insisted he leave, though. Their customers were waiting, and River had taken care of himself while sick plenty of times.

Being reminded that River had once simultaneously endured pneumonia and a horrendous case of food poisoning while alone on the streets had done very little to make Hugo feel better about leaving them alone. It did the opposite, made him want to take care of River even more to make up for all that time he hadn’t been there.

“I’ll be fine,” River said. “I’ll take care of Duncan.”

‘You need someone to take care of you,’ Hugo thought. River eventually convinced him to go, only by pointing out that someone had to go buy medicine anyway and Hugo could make the deliveries on the same trip.

River and Duncan had then just stayed in bed, trying to sleep off the sickness. It was hard, though. No matter how they laid, their noses would quickly become clogged and it would be hard to breathe. River started to cough violently at one point and forced himself up to retrieve some water.

“No, let me,” Duncan said.

“I can—“ River was interrupted by another hacking cough. “I ca—“

“Lay back down,” Duncan told him.

River listened, turned onto his other side, and retched some phlegm into his mouth. Cringing with disgust, he shut his eyes and tried once again to sleep.

Duncan groggily stumbled to the kitchen and grabbed some water bottles from the fridge. He opened one and started to sip from it. God, his throat hurt so badly, like it was full of little needles and blades. Every swallow hurt him, he could feel the ache move up his throat, through his jaw, up to his ears…

But, the hydration was helping him a little. He was so, so thirsty. Before he knew it, he’d already emptied that bottle and had to refill it. He drank it more slowly now, returning to the bedroom and handing the other bottle to River.

River drank it gratefully, then laid back down once it was drained. “Want me to refill it?” Duncan asked, finishing his own bottle off again.

“N—No, I’m fine for now,” River said. “I want to sleep…”

Duncan could agree with that. He got back into bed and snuggled up to River. At least, since they were BOTH already sick, they could cuddle as much as they wanted without worrying about the spread of germs.

***

Duncan was out on a date with River. A real one. A normal one. Not just sitting on the couch with him, watching movies, eating chips and calling it a ‘date night’. They were outside, at a real restaurant, like what regular people did.

Neither of them felt scared, and Duncan had a vague memory that everyone connected to the Organization had been arrested and could never hurt anybody again. He and River were safe forever now. They could do anything.

Duncan felt so free, just being able to sit with River out in public and talk openly, as loudly as he wanted. His voice came out easily, he didn’t need to fight for his words, they were just there. Just like they were supposed to be. Just like they’d been in the days before the Organization.

Duncan mostly had to use his mouth to drink water, though. For some reason, he was extremely thirsty. He drank and drank until his stomach was making sloshy noises. River actually told him to slow down, which was funny since usually it was River who ate or drank too fast.

They ate and talked, and just enjoyed one another’s company, and their surroundings. It was so nice to see walls that weren’t just plain brown wood, floors that weren’t more of the same. It was nice to have a world that wasn’t confined to just one tiny cabin in the middle of a forest.

All that water had to go somewhere though, and soon Duncan was squirming. He couldn’t remember how far they were from home, but was sure it would be too far for his bladder. So, he waited until there was a pause in their conversation and said “E—Excuse me, River, I need to go.”

River nodded and waved him off. River didn’t need to be scared about being alone at the table. Duncan didn’t need to be scared about going to the bathroom by himself. Everything was fine now, everything was better.

Duncan was eager to start feeling better in another way, though. He stood from the table, feeling a rush of pressure that made him bend forward at the waist a little bit. He was surprised he hadn’t noticed how much he had to go before! When he looked down, his belly looked rounded and hard, straining from all the liquid stuck in it.

He walked in the direction of the restrooms, already feeling relieved when he saw the sign for the men’s. He reached out and turned the knob, but it didn’t come open. He paced in place, his nose twitching with irritation. His bladder didn’t want to wait anymore…

Duncan leaned against the wall and crossed his legs, rubbing his knees together. His middle felt heavy, like it was weighing him down. It was so hard to stand upright when the boulder of his bladder was dragging him back down. Several minutes passed, and the restroom door didn’t open. Not wanting to be rude, but knowing he didn’t have much time left, Duncan knocked on it. “Excuse me… I… How much longer are you gonna be in there?” He rocked on his heels as he waited for a reply.

“Ugh…” came a pained voice from within. “Sorry, it’s going to be a while…”

Duncan nibbled on his lip, the surges from inside him growing more insistent. “Er… Can you hurry? I’m sorry, I really need to—“

“S—Sorry, I have a stomach condition,” the other guy said.

“O—Oh…” Duncan winced. He hadn’t meant to embarrass that guy, he just really had to go! He turned around to look at the women’s room at the other end of the hall. If they were single-stalls, then it really shouldn’t matter which one he used, right? He started for it, but was beaten by a woman and her three young children. He squeezed his thighs together, nervously looking down at his bloated stomach. Those kids and their mom were gonna take forever in there…

Duncan had to find somewhere else to unload his burden.

He went back to the table and told River that his toilet break had been unsuccessful. “It’s urgent,” he said with a blush.

“That’s okay,” River said. “I don’t mind looking for another bathroom.”

They paid and left the restaurant, and Duncan hopped fretfully from foot to foot as he glanced all around. He could hear his pee sloshing each time he jumped, could feel it pushing more and more against his opening. His middle was so swollen he looked like he had spontaneously grown a beer-gut. He wanted to hold himself, but didn’t want to do it in front of River until he just HAD to.

River took his hand, clearly trying to calm him. Duncan squeezed down on it hard. “Let’s… Let’s try the comic store across the street,” he said, leading Duncan that way. Duncan was scrambling to keep up, tripping over his feet as he tried to cross his legs and walk at the same time. His bladder was cramping hard, twisting in his gut and making him bite down on pained groans. He had to go so bad that it was giving him a migraine!

They made it to the comic store, and there was a sign taped right on the door saying the toilet was only for customers. That wasn’t a problem, though. River had money, and he loved to collect manga, so they wouldn’t have trouble buying something so that Duncan could piss.

They entered, and River was already talking to the lady behind the counter. “I’m gonna buy something, but is it alright if he uses the toilet right now?”

She nodded, pointing towards the restrooms. “Ah, thank you,” Duncan gasped out, rushing that way. He shoved the door to the men’s room open and burst inside. Finally, finally…

There weren’t any urinals on the wall, and he worried for a second that he’d gone through the wrong door. (He HAD done that a few times when he was younger and dying to piss.) But, when he checked, the sign was indeed blue and said ‘men’s’ on it. So, they just hadn’t installed urinals here for whatever reason. That was fine, he could use a stall.

Already unzipping, he rushed into the first one, but it was just… Empty. The toilet paper dispenser was attached to the side, but there wasn’t a toilet, nor any piping where one might have once been. Confused, Duncan left that stall and tried the second, but that one was the same. Now, he was frustrated and starting to panic. The third and final stalls were also identical. Nowhere for Duncan to actually GO, and his bladder was sending him a lot of extremely loud messages that he couldn’t carry on NOT going for much longer.

The sinks! Yeah, he’d just use the sinks! He sometimes struggled using things that weren’t toilets, but with as bad as he had to pee right now, he didn’t think it would be a big obstacle. He’d just pretend the sink was a funny shaped urinal, and that should be enough to trick his body into letting it out.

He hurried to the row of sinks, reaching past his fly to retrieve his cock. But, once he was AT the sinks, he realized this plan wouldn’t work, either. The sinks didn’t have any drains, they were completely smooth. If he flooded one with his pee, he would be unable to wash away the evidence.

Instead of freeing his dick, he just squeezed his hand around it, savoring the tiny bit of relief that granted him. This was such a weird place. No urinals, no toilets, no drains in the sinks… It was like the restroom was just there for show and not meant to be used at all for anything!

He was still clutching himself when he left the room. He’d intended to let go when he saw River again, but he found that to be impossible. River noticed, of course. “Could you not go here, either?”

Duncan shook his head. “The bathroom didn’t have any toilets,” he stated, the words sounding odd to his own ears.

River, for some reason, didn’t seem to think that was odd at all. He just shrugged. “Meh, okay. Let’s try another place, then.”

They left the store, and River showed Duncan the manga he’d chosen. Duncan wished he hadn’t, since a quick flip-through of the pages told him the plot revolved entirely around a martial artist that had discovered he fought better if he had to pee and so always held it before a big match. “Nnnh, I’m glad my problem apparently helped you choose, but I still have to go, remember?”

“I— I know,” River said. “I’m just trying to think of where you can…” He looked around. “I mean, when I was homeless, I had a hard time finding a spot to piss pretty often. Sometimes, I’d have to go behind buildings, or a bush, or—“

“I d—don’t like peeing in public,” Duncan complained, bouncing away and squeezing his member tighter by the second.

“It’s just an option,” River said. “Only if we can’t find you a toilet and you NEED to. Wanna keep looking?”

“Y—Yes!” Duncan cried.

So, they kept searching. They found restrooms easily enough, but something always prevented Duncan from using them. They’d be locked, out of order, closed for cleaning, or not contain any toilets. Duncan was getting dizzy from how desperate he felt, his chest was hurting too, like the piss was flooding up into his ribcage. With as swollen as he looked, it may well have been.

Finally, he found a bathroom that was open AND had a toilet inside— Something he didn’t think should have been so hard! He dragged himself up to a urinal and pulled his dick out. Finally, finally… No more pressure. He relaxed, and his pee slammed out of him furiously, striking the urinal with an ear-splitting hiss.

But, for some reason Duncan didn’t feel better at all. He still felt like he was desperate to pee while in the midst of going! He didn’t feel even the tiniest lessening of the pain inside him, if anything it was just getting worse the longer he stood there and went! It was so bad that he was bouncing on his feet, hopping back and forth between them— Doing a pee dance even though he was ALREADY peeing!

Maybe he’d just needed this so much that it was going to take time before he felt the relief? That didn’t sound right, but it was the only explanation he could think of. So, he waited, peeing away and begging for that loose, fluttery feeling to hit him and chase away all the aching pangs. Over a minute passed. He didn’t feel better. His stomach was still protruding outwards, still stretched. Two minutes went by. It still hurt so bad. Three minutes. Four minutes. Five minutes. His piss kept flooding so viciously, no end in sight. It was like he was going to be trapped there forever now, voiding endlessly and never feeling even the tiniest smidge of relief.

Six minutes, and now he’d been going so much that the urinal couldn’t drain it fast enough. Pee was splashing out onto the floor, and he felt terrible about the mess, but he couldn’t make it stop! All he could do was shuffle over to the NEXT urinal and begin flooding that one instead, but within minutes the same thing had happened, and he just wanted it all to stop. His entire body felt full. His head was pounding, his chest hurt, he could barely breathe, and—

Duncan’s eyes blinked open and he was staring at the ceiling of his bedroom. His hands were tucked painfully between his tense thighs and his legs were knotted up into a confused pretzel. Of course, all of that had been a dream. He should have known. It was too unrealistic.

Especially the part about the Organization being gone…

He couldn’t spend time wishing that THAT part of his dream had been true, he had too many other things to worry about. First of all, dear GOD did he need to pee. Second, he felt even sicker than he had before his nap. He had the worst migraine in the history of migraines and couldn’t breathe out of either of his nostrils. Third, River was awake and coughing again, so Duncan knew he had to refill the water bottles, but— Ohhh, peeing had to come first!

“River,” Duncan rasped. “I—I’ll get you some water after I use the bathroom, okay?”

River nodded weakly, didn’t even try to protest and say he could do it himself. He was accepting the help he needed. “I g—gotta go after you, okay?” He said.   “W—We can go together agai—“

“N—No,” River said. “I’m not bursting, an’ I’m too dizzy to do it standing right now, it’ll go everywhere.”

Duncan got out of the bed and River followed. Duncan wanted to run to the toilet as fast as he could, but he had to take slow, careful, deliberate steps to avoid spilling his bladder all over himself.

They got to the hallway, and Duncan felt the most awful thing in the world; a tickling sensation in his nose.

No. No. If he sneezed now, it wouldn’t just be a dribble that came out…

He squeezed his dick with both hands as he shuffled along, trying to pick up the pace and fight back the urge to sneeze. The pressure in his head and bladder both worsened, his nose twitched and wrinkled up. Don’t sneeze, don’t sneeze, please don’t—

Too late. Duncan sneezed loudly and forcefully, and his abdominal muscles all contracted at once, forcing out an immense wave of pee that instantly soaked through his pajamas and splashed on the floor.

“O—Oh, hurry—“ River said, grabbing Duncan’s arm and trying to help him along.

“Achoo!” Duncan sneezed again, and his bladder reacted with an even more powerful leak. “Achoo! Achoo!” Every sneeze pushed more pee from his body, drenching his legs and pooling into a puddle at his feet. He would regain control for a fraction of a second, sneeze again, and then he’d be back to pissing. Finally, he just couldn’t stop going, his control had shattered completely and he was just going to keep peeing until he was empty. Through it all, he continued to sneeze.

River was staring, chest tightening. Poor Duncan… Of course, his body was weaker since he was sick, and sneezing so many times would have made it harder to hold… River put a hand to Duncan’s shoulder, unsure of what to say. He wasn’t good at delicate things like this. “Um… There, there? Just let it out?” He mumbled uncertainly.

“I— I couldn’t—“ Duncan spoke through a mouth full of phlegm, voice choppy and rough. “Ugh…” He felt so gross. Sick as could be, snot running down his face, eyes burning, throat filled with gunk, and lower body coated in piss. He couldn’t believe River was able to handle touching him now. He also couldn’t believe he still wasn’t finished urinating. He wished it would just stop. Nothing about this release felt good. It was revolting and humiliating and so, so pathetic. His bladder just kept contracting inside him, it honestly just sort of hurt…

“I— I know you couldn’t,” River tried to soothe. “It’s just an accident… You’re just really sick, that’s all…”

The final few spurts finally trickled out and Duncan was shaking his head. “I—It’s not just because I’m sick.”

“Sure it is,” River said. “Your body’s all worn out and stuff, so—“

“I— I always pee some when I sneeze,” Duncan admitted. “But, since I had to go real bad this time, there was… More.”

River thought about that, and realized that every time he’d heard Duncan sneeze, it had been followed by him hastily running to the toilet. So, he leaked whenever he sneezed? Even if he didn’t need to pee very much? “I—I guess that’s how it is for some people, then,” he said finally. “Don’t be embarra—“

“It wasn’t always— I didn’t used to—“ Duncan sighed. “You remember when I had those weights thrown into my stomach?”

Of course River remembered. It had been terrifying to see. He nodded.

“Well… After that, some stuff’s been acting weird,” Duncan explained. “You know how I eat slower than y— Well, I guess everyone eats slower than you… But, if I eat too fast, I throw up.”

River recalled Duncan scarfing down their first meal after their escape, and then suddenly looking worried and running to the bathroom… He hadn’t known all of his food was coming back up. “Oh.”

“And, also ever since then, sneezing has made me pee. I think the weights did something to my insides.”

River wished Duncan could see a doctor… Hugo had had enough first-aid training to tend to all the wounds they’d had, but no way could Hugo fix something that was internal. What if there was some super serious damage to Duncan’s body, and they didn’t know because they couldn’t see it?

“W—Well, it’s okay,” River said, knowing it really wasn’t. This sounded like it would be a permanent thing Duncan would have to live with now; A life-long injury which he’d done nothing to deserve. “Accidents happen… I mean, you’ve seen me have one.”

Duncan nodded. River had utterly drenched his pants out of fear when they’d been with the Organization. Duncan frowned, realizing that both of their accidents had ultimately been because of the same people. “We need to clean up…” he said finally.

River really didn’t feel like mopping the floor. He was so, so dizzy… He knew they had to, though. Duncan had made an awfully large puddle. “I—I’ll go get—“

They both froze at the sound of the door unlocking. They always got scared by that sound, even though it was always only Hugo coming home. River tensed up and pressed himself against Duncan, not caring that his boyfriend was soaked.

“I’m home,” Hugo called. “Feeling any bett—“ He stopped as he entered the hall, immediately spotting the puddle. “O—Oh…” he said.

Duncan pressed his face into River’s shoulder, too ashamed to look at Hugo. “I— I sneezed really hard when I had to— I’m sorry, I didn’t mean—“

“It’s fine,” Hugo interrupted. “You’re sick. It happens. I’ll get it cleaned up, just change and go back to sleep.”

Duncan shuffled away, shielding his face with his arm.

River wanted to go after him, but his own bladder still needed attention. He thought about trying to wet his pants to make Duncan feel better, except then he’d make a bigger mess for Hugo to clean up. He went to the bathroom instead, pulled down his pants and sat on the toilet.

It was odd, not only had phalloplasty granted him the ability to pee while standing, but it had also made it so that he could finally SIT to go without any issues. He didn’t have to hover and bend around until he was at the right angle, he could just sit and relax and be done with it. His bladder would empty, and nothing would spray out between the seat and the rim. His knees would stay dry. The floor would stay dry. Every time he woke up to pee in the middle of the night, he’d be so thankful that he could just groggily sit there without having to think about it anymore.

He shouldn’t have ever had to do the stupid hovering thing. If those doctors around for his birth had just left his body ALONE instead of trying to modify it to look more ‘normal’, River wouldn’t have had so much trouble peeing. He wouldn’t have had so much trouble with a LOT of things.

He finished going and pulled up his pants. He rinsed off his hands and wobbled tiredly back to his room. Duncan was in bed, wearing fresh pajamas and staring at the ceiling. River laid down beside him. “It’s okay…” he told him once more.

“I peed… I wet myself…” Duncan said.

“I know… But, it’s over now,” River told him. “I don’t think any less of you. Hugo doesn’t, either. You’re okay.”

Duncan turned and rested against River. “I hate being sick…”

“I know, me too.”

*009*2022-12-07 19:24

“Let’s try something smaller today,” Hugo suggested. “Something relaxing that will get you out of the house for a bit.”

River couldn’t think of anything that would be relaxing outside of the cabin. He shook his head.

“Let’s all go for a short walk,” Hugo said. “Just around this area. It’s very, very secluded. No one will even be there.”

River worried at his lip. No one being there made it scarier. “Yeah, so if somebody shows up all of the sudden, nobody will be around to call the police.”

“I’ll be there,” Hugo pointed out.

“If someone from the Organization sees us, they’ll probably go after you, too,” River said. He sighed. “Just— Just forget about this, okay? Duncan and I are fine with being inside, where it’s safe.”

“So, that’s your plan, then? Just stay here forever and give up?” Hugo asked. This wasn’t the River he remembered from before. He supposed it made sense that his experience had changed him so much, but River had never been one to back down from a fight and just let whoever wanted him hurt win.

From the look on River’s face, he seemed to be remembering his former self a little bit as well. “B—Before, I came across some bad guys, yeah. There were gang-members and addicts and just generally angry people who wanted to pick fights with me— But, none of them could do what the Organization can. I COULD fight back against them, some rich, shadowy cult thing that tortures people for money and gets away with it is a lot stronger than I am.”

“You beat them once, though,” Hugo reasoned. “You got away. You survived— That means you should try to live.”

“I didn’t really beat them,” River said. “I just managed to get out alive. They’re still out there, and nothing I did really damaged them. I wasn’t able to kill their president, and he TOLD me that they were just gonna set everything back up again somewhere else— That they’ve done that for decades. And I AM living, just, I’m living in here now.”

Hugo frowned. In the old days, River would never say no to a challenge; he’d always get excited. So maybe if he framed THIS like a challenge… “River… Where did my fighter go? Let’s show them how tough you are!”

“H—He’s… He’s still here,” River said, shame welling in his chest. He HAD gotten weaker. He KNEW he’d gotten weaker. He looked away, going silent.

Hugo’s heart clenched. This wasn’t River getting excited at the prospect of a challenge. These WEREN’T the old days, and this wasn’t the old River. The old River needed opportunities to show how strong he was and to take charge. This new River needed… Something different, Hugo just didn’t know what. Maybe if he figured out what New-River needed, he’d start seeing more shades of Old-River again…

“I’m sorry,” Hugo began. “I think I said the wrong thing. I’m trying to help you, because I want you to be happy again.”

“I am happy,” River said. “Mostly. I mean, there’s stuff that I miss, but I can live without them.”

“I think a little walk would help you feel better,” Hugo said. “Go talk to Duncan, see what he thinks of it.”

And, it was because of Duncan that River agreed to go, because Duncan said that the walk would be scary, but he thought he really needed some fresh air. “We’ve gone outside in the woods before,” he said.

“For, like, a minute,” River said. “And we were just right in front of the cabin…”

“I think…” Duncan said. “I think Hugo is right and that these woods are safe. I figured that out when I saw how many confusing turns you have to make to get here, remember?”

River tried to remember the route to the cabin, and he couldn’t. “Er… I mean, I was sort of thinking about something else when Hugo was driving us home that day…”

“Oh, right,” Duncan said. “Well, it’s this super complicated path. I don’t think anyone would know there’s even a cabin down here. So, we’re hard to find, and if we stay in this area, we’ll be safe.”

After that, River felt better about going for a hike, but worried that they may end up getting lost in the woods. Still, Duncan wanted to go, and the thought of being all alone in the cabin was too scary to consider.

They set off early the next morning. The sun had risen, so the woods weren’t terrifying and shrouded in darkness, but some of the shadows cast by the trees made both River and Duncan jump a few times anyway. When the leaves rustled in the breeze, River would whip his head back and forth, certain that it was the sound of someone sinister following them.

“It’s okay,” Hugo assured him repeatedly. “Out here, you need to be more scared of bears than of people.”

River hoped they didn’t run into any bears…

After twenty minutes of walking, River had gotten used to the sounds of the forest and no longer felt AS frightened. He walked beside Duncan, occasionally grasping his hand and squeezing it. He felt somewhat safer and had an easier time breathing.

But, then River had a different problem.

River had used the toilet after waking up, like he always did. But, he REALLY should have used it again right before they’d left. He just hadn’t been thinking about it, and nobody had reminded him, either. Everyone had forgotten, too focused on the day’s activity.

River had pissed outside tons of times, and it ought to have been easier for him to do it now than ever before. As soon as he realized the pressure in his bladder was too much to ignore, he stopped in his tracks, hands anxiously moving to his fly.

But, he didn’t zip it down.

People— all animals— were very vulnerable when they were urinating. Peeing out here would mean going deeper behind some bushes, where a person from the Organization, or maybe just a wild beast, could be hiding. He’d have his back turned the whole time, he’d be concentrating on emptying his bladder. He’d be in danger. Peeing while this deep in the woods wasn’t safe.

He’d hold it.

Hugo noticed River dithering. “You alright?” He asked. River hadn’t gone on a long walk in quite some time, it made sense that he’d get worn out early on.

River considered lying and pretending that he was fine. But, claiming that he DIDN’T need to pee when he knew his bladder was small and filled up quickly wouldn’t be a good idea. “I have to take a piss,” he said.

 “Okay, we’ll wait for you,” Hugo said.

River shook his head. It may have been perfectly easy to announce his need to empty his bladder, but it was a lot harder to explain that he was too frightened to do it out here. Hugo was used to River needing to pee. Needing to pee was perfectly natural and normal. It was expected. River was SUPPOSED to need to pee.

River wasn’t supposed to be afraid of everything, though. River had become the ‘tough guy’ in the year’s after his parents threw him out. He hadn’t been fearless, since nobody was, but he’d been the type of person that could fight THROUGH their fear if they needed to. The Organization and his paranoia about it had changed him, made him frightened of things that never would have seemed threatening before.

Hugo had made it clear he wanted the OLD River back. River wanted that person back as well— The person he was SUPPOSED to be, the person he’d fought SO hard to become.

The OLD River wouldn’t be scared of peeing in the woods.

He turned to the bush directly beside him, shuddering and twitching. The new River WAS scared of peeing in the woods. He was terrified of it. He reached for his zip again, and heard Hugo and Duncan walking farther down the path. Doubtless, the two thought they were giving him privacy. Doubtless, the two thought that River WANTED privacy.

He didn’t, though. If he had to pee out here, he’d feel a whole lot better if at least one of them kept their eyes on him the entire time.

It couldn’t be helped, though. He didn’t want to ask either one of them to watch him piss. That was a ridiculous request that no one would ever understand. Even if River embarrassed himself by admitting to his terror, Hugo at least would think it was silly for sure; Just one more sign that River had changed.

He yanked down his zipper and freed himself. Once he’d gotten rid of all his pee, he could run to catch up to them and feel safe again. He could see they’d paused halfway around the next corner. They could still KIND of see him if something went wrong…

He aimed between his feet and told his bladder to relax.

But, it didn’t. He had the same awful feelings he’d had in the bathroom at the mall the other week. His chest clenched and tightened with icy tendrils of fear, the silence around him grew heavy as his ears rang, and he couldn’t get out even a drop. He stood there about a minute longer, rubbing over his bladder and trying to convince it to empty, but it refused. Before long, the feeling of his hand over his middle became painful and he had to stop. He wasn’t getting anywhere.

If only someone was THERE right beside him, staring intently as he made himself vulnerable, vowing to protect him should anything go awry. He was fine peeing by himself at home, because home was safe. But, trying it anywhere else….

He couldn’t go if nobody was looking.

He zipped his pants, bladder still unrelieved, and ran along the trail. His abdomen pounded every time his foot hit the ground, but he wanted to feel safe a lot more than he wanted to feel less desperate. He caught up, and Duncan was the first to ask if he was feeling better.

River, again, thought better of lying. It was only a matter of time before he started doing a bit of a pee-dance, so it was for the best that Duncan DIDN’T believe that he’d just gone. “Nope, I still gotta piss. I wasn’t able to go just now.”

Hugo knit his brow with worry. He’d hoped that the incident at the mall had been a one-time thing… He couldn’t understand why River had suddenly become so pee-shy. Even so, he’d thought it wouldn’t be a problem just around him and Duncan— And that if it was, he’d been certain he and Duncan had moved far enough away from him!

But, maybe River wasn’t having trouble because he was pee-shy, it could have been something else. “Do you have this problem often?” Was there maybe some kind of complication with his phalloplasty? It had been a while since the operation, so if something was wrong they should have known by now, right?

River shook his head. “Nuh-uh, this is only the second time. The other time was at the mall.”

“It’s never happened at home?”

“Nope.”

Okay, so River’s body was functioning as it should have been. He’d just spontaneously developed a shy bladder for whatever reason. The guy just needed a little extra privacy, there was no shame in that. If he had issues going without a locked door behind him, then he wasn’t alone in that. River would be able to go as soon as they got back to the cabin, and Hugo could talk with him a little more about it afterwards if he wanted to. Being pee-shy was going to make the return to society a little trickier for River, but Hugo was sure they’d think of a way to manage it so that River knew where he could go for a secluded pee. “River, is it an emergency?” Hugo asked now. “Or, do you want to keep walking for a little while?”

River didn’t think it was an emergency, and he figured he had a little time before it turned into one. He filled up fast, but was sure he could handle it a little longer. “Yeah, we can keep going, but not for TOO much longer,” he said. “I think I can wait for about one more hour before it gets bad.”

They returned to their walk. Hugo had brought along water bottles, but wasn’t sure if he should tell River to drink or not. It was hot, River hadn’t done any real exercise in forever, so he was sure to get sweaty. But, the guy had ALREADY told Hugo that his bladder was uncomfortable to carry, so he didn’t know if he should risk ADDING to his burden.

Duncan asked for a drink a few minutes later, and Hugo watched River’s reaction carefully as he passed a bottle to Duncan. River’s eyes were fixated on the water as it sloshed slightly from the movement. A gentle splashing noise was heard when Duncan brought it to his lips, and Hugo saw River’s hips wriggle in response, his sweaty face scrunching up.

River NEEDED to drink water, yet at the same time more fluid was the last thing one part of his body needed. “You doing okay, River?” Hugo asked.

River flinched, noticing the sway in his hips that he’d been powerless to stop. He blushed and stared down at his feet. This extra, careful attention being paid to him just because he’d said he needed the bathroom… It made him feel really funny. “Um—“

“You have to tell me if it’s becoming an emergency,” Hugo said. “You say the word and we’ll go right back.”

River shifted on his feet. The pressure in his bladder had gotten a lot worse, and he needed to keep his legs close together to keep it from throbbing too strongly. He was probably supposed to just feel really embarrassed, right? Having his bladder be the topic of discussion, having someone be so CONCERNED about how urgent his need was… There was embarrassment, but there was a lot of something ELSE, too.

In the past, before the Organization, it was common for Hugo to notice River fidgeting in the car and ask “You gotta take a leak? Want me to pull over?” But, that would be all. River would say yes, Hugo would search for a public restroom, and that would be that. And, even if it took a while to find a toilet, Hugo wouldn’t do much ‘checking in’ with River to make sure his bladder wasn’t hurting him. Now, Hugo was being so attentive and careful about it…

“I— I can keep going for a little bit more,” River assured. “We should turn back around soon, but I can— I’m holding it.”

They went further down the trail, Duncan returning to his spot beside River and grabbing his hand. “I’m sorry you couldn’t go,” he whispered. “You’re okay, right?”

River felt like he was melting. The heat of the embarrassment had all but vanished, leaving only the pleasant warmth that came from another person being so focused on him. “Y—Yeah,” he said.

“I kinda have to pee, too,” Duncan informed. “But, I’m gonna hold it until after you’ve gone. Would that help you feel better about it?”

God… River didn’t deserve someone so nice. “Y—You don’t have to—“

“It’s okay,” Duncan said. “I figured you’d want somebody else in the same boat with you.”

River went quiet. He’d been desperate a ridiculous number of times in his life, it was what happened when a person had a bladder the size of a humming-bird’s. But, never before had anyone actually WORRIED so much about him because of it. Growing up, if he ever had an emergency while his parents were driving him somewhere, they’d just tell him to hold it. If he ever protested that he COULDN’T hold it, they’d yell at him to be quiet. So, with them, whenever he got desperate, he’d just dance around in silent agony while they completely ignored his blatant distress. Never once had they asked him if he was okay, or helped him find a toilet when he badly needed one. One word about having to go, and they’d bark at him that he wasn’t a baby anymore and that he could hold it until it was more convenient for them.

River squeezed onto Duncan’s hand, “I—If you want to do that for me, go ahead I guess.”

Ten minutes later, the pressure in River’s abdomen had grown to a constant, numb tingle. These were the warning pulses, telling him that he should DEFINITELY be on his way to the toilet soon. “Er,” he spoke up. “I think I need to go back now…” He bounced on his toes, trying to emphasize his point.

“No problem,” Hugo said, and River felt warm all over again. No “Just hold it, will you?” No “I want to keep walking, you need to learn to wait.” Nothing like what his parents would say, just a swift promise that River would be taken to the toilet and that everything was okay.

They turned around and headed back in the other direction. River’s bladder felt light and happy with the knowledge it would be getting drained soon. Some time later, it was cramping and surging and tangling in angry knots of need because Hugo had made a wrong turn while leading them back to the cabin.

They stopped for a second as Hugo tried to get a handle on where they were. River swayed from foot to foot, he couldn’t lean to one side for very long without his pee rippling and squeezing itself against his bladder’s exit. He was sucking in heavy, sharp breaths, and his face was far sweatier than it had been earlier.

He’d been right before; He’d had one hour to get to the toilet before his need turned into an emergency. Now that they were accidentally taking the long way home, it had been WELL over an hour, and River felt like his bladder was going to pop like an overinflated balloon. The hand not wrapped around Duncan’s kept going down towards his crotch, where it would flutter uselessly until he’d managed to resist the urge to grab himself.

Duncan rubbed a soothing circle against River’s palm. “Do you want to try to go again?”

River definitely did. Piss was searing inside of him, he wouldn’t be surprised if it was actually boiling considering how angry his bladder felt. He was surrounded by trees! He should have already watered half of them by now! “H—How much further to the cabin?” River asked.

“I’ve figured out where we are,” Hugo said. “I recognize what kind of trees these all are, I know what part of the forest we’re in.”

“Are we close?”

“Yeah, we just need to go this way for a little bit,” Hugo said, walking off.

River followed, tensing his thighs more and more with each step. “H—How long’s ‘a little bit’?”

“I’m not sure…”

“H—Hugo!” River gritted. “C—Can’t you give, like, an estimate?” If he knew he’d be at the toilet in twenty minutes, he’d know he’d be able to wait… Any longer, and he wasn’t nearly as sure.

“I can’t,” Hugo said. “Are you alri—“

“I need to go piss really, really bad,” River interrupted. “I—“ he ran his free hand through his hair. “Fuck, I’m starting to burst.”

Duncan gave River another gentle squeeze. “Um… If you need to hold onto yourself, that’s okay even though we’re outside. It’s still only us.”

River’s hand instantly made contact with his groin and he shuddered at the little bit of relief that gave him. “I— Shit, I gotta GO… I wanna try again, okay? Please, I— I know this is weird, but I need you to—“

“We’ll give you privacy,” Hugo interrupted. “Come on, Duncan…”

Before River could figure out how to protest, how to explain that he actually needed the exact OPPOSITE, Hugo and Duncan had walked ahead of him, and this time they’d gone so far he could only just barely see them. River flinched, already feeling his muscles tightening.

But, he just had to go SO badly now, it HAD to work this time! He yanked down his zipper and aimed, trying to pretend Duncan was next to him, watching him carefully and surveying his surroundings. He tried to imagine Duncan’s voice, tried so hard to make himself actually hear it. What would Duncan say if he was there? “Nothing’s happening around here, River…” Yes, that would make him feel safer… “Now, just let it all go…” More at ease… “I mean, I love getting to stare at your dick right now, but we DO need to head home soon…” And THAT part sounded more like Duncan.

But, his fantasy wasn’t good enough, and River couldn’t relax enough to get even a dribble out. After minutes of frustration and fullness, he just shoved his cock back into his pants, then whimpered at the finality of zipping them closed again. He had to get home, then he could go.

He stumbled as fast as he could towards Hugo and Duncan. Neither of them needed to be told that his piss-stop had been unsuccessful, because by the time he’d reached them, a hand was buried between his straining thighs.

“I’m so sorry,” Hugo said. “I didn’t mean to get us lost, tr—try to hang on, okay?”

River’s teeth gnashed at his lip. “I d—don’t have much of a fucking choice, do I?”

Duncan rubbed River’s shoulders. “It’s okay,” he said. “We’ll be home before you know it… Do you know why you can’t go?”

‘Because I can’t go with no one watching,’ River thought wryly. He couldn’t repeat those words to Duncan, though. This problem of his was so ridiculous. He’d heard PLENTY of people had trouble going if someone WAS watching, but not once had he ever heard of the reverse. “I just don’t like being alone in the woods, trying to piss,” he said, the closest thing to the truth that he could manage.

Hugo nodded. “That’s okay,” he said. “I’ll have you home soon, and you’ll have lots of privacy there. It will be alright.”

River nodded too. He didn’t care about the privacy, but the safe cabin would be sure to give him the relief he craved.

They walked on and on, River caught in a world of ever-increasing desperation. Since he’d gotten phalloplasty, he’d noticed that the urge to pee felt very slightly different sometimes. There were occasions where, when he really, REALLY had to go, he’d almost feel like it was inside of his shaft already, partway to freedom. It was an odd feeling, heat and pressure building down his length. He felt it now, and a second later he’d leaked, and then the tension was building again.

Whimpering, River slipped a hand between his legs to squeeze away at himself. He pinched the head of his dick, as though he could coax the the piss back up and into his bladder. Even with his hand gripping so firmly, he felt a heavy shock of a spasm flare through his bladder and spread out through the rest of his abdomen. He was dribbling out a small handful of tiny drops. His entire body clenched, from the soles of his feet all the way up through his spine, as if tensing EVERYTHING would cause him to be able to hold it.

It didn’t work. Another immense surge hit him, frantic and sharp. He was never going to make it to the cabin at this rate! His hand worked its way even deeper between his legs, and immediately another rippling shot of pain burst through him. “Ahhhnnnn—!!” He gasped out in a pained, strangled yelp.

This was really going to happen to him, his urine was all right at the edge, right at the tip of his cock, just about to burst out and there was nothing he could do about it. He held his breath and squeezed Duncan’s hand as hard as he could, struggling to keep walking and keep up with him.

Pssssh!

A pained leak warmed the crotch of his boxers, it only lasted for a second, but had been so forceful that he could feel how damp his pants were getting beneath his hand. Shit, shit, fucking— His boxers were sodden and sticking to his thighs. He didn’t dare look down at himself. But…that loss of control, as short as it had been, seemed to lift some of his need. And as horrifying as it was to have peed some in his pants, he was suddenly able to walk a little easier.

His bladder cramped up again, forcing down another choppy stream into his boxers. He felt a dull point of relief, it felt— It felt almost good to let that little bit out… So, he made a risky choice– He was going to deliberately let go of some more. Just a little bit of the burden. Just enough to take the awful edge off of his desperation.

He needed to go SO much that, as soon as he’d made the decision, he felt more liquid flowing out into his boxers. He let it continue, savoring how good it felt to relax his holding muscles. He peed and peed for five, ten seconds – the saturated spot on the front of his pants spread, and he only made himself stop when he felt it gush into the palm of the hand he had welded there.

He immediately felt WAY better. But then his urine started to cool off, and his crotch felt sticky and clammy. And then Duncan spoke, “I—It’s okay if you can’t make it…” he said. “I um…”

River tensed, and glanced down at himself. There was wetness streaking down his legs, and when he dared to move his hand away from his crotch— God dammit, he was a LOT wetter than he’d thought he was. The material encasing his dick now housed a large, dark wet spot. “A— A little came out…” he admitted to Duncan, but he did NOT admit that some of it had been intentional.

“I… Could hear…” Duncan mumbled.

River hadn’t even thought about the noise his leaks must have been making…

“But, it’s fine, I promise— It’s totally fine if you— If you can’t—“

“I can hold it,” River said, trying to sound confident. What he’d just released should have been enough to buy him some time, right?

Five minutes later, and River felt like he hadn’t gone at all. He was starting to seriously consider just allowing himself to have a total accident as he carried on walking. His bladder was getting PAINFUL to cart around, and Duncan had SAID it was okay to wet his pants, and he… Dear GOD, River just wanted to go…

Hugo was a few paces ahead of them, and he knew the cabin was close, just about ten minutes left and River would be free to relieve himself, he’d have all the privacy in the world and he’d feel fine… “T—Ten more minutes,” he announced. “River, is that okay?”

Ten minutes sounded more like ten hours to River’s bladder, but he forced a nod. “Y—Yeah, I’ll make it…”

A minute later, and he was leaking again. Audibly. Both Duncan and Hugo could hear the little spurts being ejected into River’s boxers.

Hugo didn’t know what he’d do if River had an accident. He considered telling River to try going again, but that would waste valuable time River didn’t have anymore. He pushed through some bushes and was now in a clearing— Not the one that housed their cabin, but a different one. This one was vacant, if anything had ever been here, it was gone now. Just a grassy area with nothing in it except for—

There was an old wooden outhouse.

Hugo had thought there might be something like that out in these woods, since they’d been part of a vast expanse of farmland ages and ages ago. He was sure the outhouse hadn’t been properly cleaned in a while, but as he drew closer no foul smells emanated from it, so it was probably MOSTLY okay. “H—Here, River!” He said, not believing their luck. “Th—This has a door for you, you can go!”

River was confused why Hugo thought he would care about a DOOR at this point. Really, the outhouse was just taunting him the same way the trees had been. One more spot he SHOULD be able to go, but wouldn’t be able to.

“Hurry,” Hugo encouraged. “Duncan and I will wait on the other side of this clearing, and—“

“Pl—Please…” River interrupted. “Don’t.”

Hugo blinked at him. “Don’t what?” He was worried River had already begun to soak himself, but he didn’t hear the torrential hiss that would surely cause.

“Y—You and Duncan… Please stay RIGHT by the door, please?”

“But…” Hugo furrowed his brow. “I thought… I thought you were getting pee-shy…”

“M—More like the opposite, I just— Ugh, I can’t explain it right now, just— PROMISE you’ll both stay by the door while I’m going!”

“I’ll stay by the door,” Duncan assured. He didn’t understand what River needed, but he was still going to give it to him. “Hugo too, okay? We’ll be RIGHT there.”

“Thank you!” River cried, he hurried towards the outhouse, awkwardly doubled over as his legs quivered. His steps were so tiny, but taking larger ones would result in him getting drenched. He grabbed the door and yanked it open, hobbling inside. The outhouse was home to a large hole cut out of a bit of wood, and a circular plastic urinal that nearly made River explode when he laid eyes on it. “Shitshitshitshit…” he hissed out.

He released his grip on his cock to tug his zipper down, leaking the second he’d let go. The fabric around his zip was so sodden that it was hard to move, but he managed to get it down and part the flaps of his pants open.

He aimed into the small plastic urinal, piss flying from his tip before he’d gotten it pointed properly. His legs parted and shook as he moaned, all the pain within him slowly ebbing away. “Fuuuck…” he sighed, tipping his head back and blinking away tears as he pissed for all he was worth. His stream was gushing out so quickly that the urinal was struggling to drain all of it, he could see the fluid swishing and bubbling as more and more pounded out uncontrollably. “Fuck… Fuck… Ohhhh, GODDDD…” At last, his middle stopped aching and all that remained was the pleasure of release. Once he’d gotten it all out, he shoved his cock back into his pants and hastily zipped them. He heard the urinal sort of… gurgling as it tried to drain away everything he’d just flooded it with.

Outside, Hugo and Duncan could hear everything, every patter, every hiss, every last bit of River’s heavy and oddly vocal release. Duncan was blushing all the way down to his shoulders. He was still eagerly anticipating his and River’s first time, and hoped to Hell he could manage to make his boyfriend moan at least HALF as much as his bladder could.

Duncan also hadn’t been lying earlier when he’d said he needed the bathroom too. Listening to River let out a symphony of watery gushes wasn’t helping his own bladder at all. He started to rock from side to side as he waited for River to finish.

Hugo was blushing as well, not to the same extent Duncan was, and for vastly different reasons. His chest was tightening in sympathy, he didn’t know if he’d ever heard River go so much all at once… The poor thing had a small bladder that didn’t like to hold such a massive quantity, that must have been really hurting him. He was still perplexed by River’s request that they stand here. He’d been certain River was just getting pee shy, but now he knew that couldn’t have been the problem. He’d been focused on getting River privacy because that’s what he’d THOUGHT he needed, and now it was clear River had needed something else entirely.

Hugo was so bad at this…

River shoved open the door of the outhouse and almost hit Hugo with it. “Ahhhh!” He groaned loudly. “THAT feels SO much fucking better!”

Hugo flinched when he saw the door flying his way. “Careful.”

“Oh, sorry,” River said. “I didn’t smack you, did I?”

“No,” Hugo assured. “I guess you’re okay now?”

“Yesss, I feel amazing,” River said.

“Um, my turn?” Duncan asked, jiggling a little. “An’… I think I want you guys to stand by the door for me too, okay?”

“Y—Yeah, of course,” River got out of his way.

Duncan hurried in and shut the door behind himself. It… Was kind of eerie now to make himself vulnerable while he pissed outside of his home. River and Hugo were both right outside the door, and that made him feel better, but he still wanted to keep an eye on it.

He pulled down his pants and sat over the hole in the wood plank. He felt more than a little grossed out sitting down in an outhouse even though he’d HAD the option to stand, but his spine would go all chilly and rigid if he faced his back to the door.

At least the wooden outhouse wasn’t anywhere near as disgusting as plastic portaloos he’d had to use in the past had been. The wood beneath him was VERY uncomfortable, though. He relaxed and his waterfall was gushing instantly. He sighed happily to himself, blushing at the sound of his pee splashing into the dirt underneath the outhouse.

Duncan hadn’t thought his own urge was that severe, but was surprised by how pleasant the looseness in his belly felt now. Poor River must have been exploding, for sure…

He stood and pulled his pants back up, opening the door and immediately grabbing River’s hand in his own.

Hugo led them back to the cabin, which only took about ten more minutes— But those ten minutes would have surely been too long for River. Hugo was still perplexed by River’s new urinary trouble. He couldn’t make sense of someone not being able to pee because there was too MUCH privacy rather than too little. But, apparently that WAS River’s problem, and it was one he hadn’t had back before… Everything.

It was a strange problem, and it was a strange solution, but Hugo’s job was to take care of River. If that meant remaining in the audience whenever River had to urinate outside, then that was just how it was going to be.

