Todomatsu and Atsushi's Date

Author: snuggly-omo

*000*2016-07-17 07:18

It makes me sad that there's like no Osomatsu-san omorashi fanfics, so I'm gonna write them. Anyways, please enjoy my first story.

It was a sunny day, not a cloud was in the light blue sky. Todomatsu, the youngest Matsuno, had gotten a text from his boyfriend, Atsushi. Atsushi asked Todomatsu if he'd go on a date with him. Todomatsu of course said yes, and later got ready.

"Wow, I can't belive Atsushi-kun finally asked for another date!" Todomatsu said as he brushed his hair. "Must be pretty exiting, huh?" Osomatsu said as he rubbed his nose. "You bet!" Todomatsu replied. Todomatsu finished brushing his hair and walked into the living room. "Hey, Totty." Choromatsu said as he greeted Todomatsu. "I hear today is a big day for you, is that true?" Totty noded. Any second now his date would arrive in his car.

"Hey, Totty. Why don't you have breakfast with us before you leave?" Jyushimatsu asked. Todomatsu looked at his brothers gathered at the small table. "Heh, why not?" He said as he joined his older brothers. Todomatsu was always thirsty in the morning so he'd drink a lot. He drank at least 7 cups of orange juice and about 5 glasses of apple juice.

The matsus heard a knock on the door and ran over. "It must be for Totty." Karamatsu said. Todomatsu answered the door and Atsushi was standing there waiting. "Ready to go, cutie?" Atsushi said as he booped Todomatsu's nose. "Mhm." Totty said as he grabbed his hat.

Todomatsu remembered that he forgot to use the bathroom before leaving, he was too exited to see Atsushi and thought nothing of it at the time. "Oh well." Totty thought to himself. "It's not like I won't be able to use the bathroom later." Atsushi held the door open for Todomatsu to get in the seat next to the driver's seat. Totty sat down and began to feel the need to pee. Atsushi buckled himself and Todomatsu in and drove off.

"So, where would you like to go first?" Atsushi asked Totty. Todomatsu didn't respond at first. His attention was focused on his bladder. "Hey, is something wrong?" Atsushi asked. "No, everything's fine." Totty replied. "Let's go see a movie." Atsushi suggested. "A movie sounds nice." Todomatsu said as he shifted back and forth.

They arrived at the theater and Atsushi got the tickets for the movie they were going to see. They got popcorn and extra large sodas for the film. They walked into the theater and took their seats in the way back. There was no one else in the theater, so Atsushi and Todomatsu had it all to themselves. "The previews would be a great time to run to the restroom." Totty thought. He was about to get up but the movie was already starting. He has been exited for this movie to come out, and he did not want to miss a single second.

Todomatsu started chugging down his soda like it was no big deal. "Hey, slow down, Totty. " Atsushi said. "You could get the hiccups or a stomach ache." Todomatsu nodded and stopped chugging down his drink. He shifted in his seat unable to stay in one place.

"I hope Atsushi does not notice me right now." Totty said to himself as he looked at Atsushi. Usally Totty would complain about having to pee. That was always the case around his brothers. He never did that around a friend or anything. Even at school Totty was always too nervous to ask to go to the restroom. Todomatsu was trying his best at trying to hold it. His face turned a light red that was hardly noticeable.

Todomatsu squeezed his legs together to be able to hold it. He let out a small groan of desperation, when Atsushi noticed. "Totty, do you have to go?" He asked him. Todomatsu was too nervous to give Atsushi the truth. "G-go where?" he replied nervously. "You know, go to the rest room?" Atsushi replied. "Oh no, I'm just trying to get comfy, that's all." Todomatsu said. Atsushi stopped looking at Totty and looked back at the screen. Todomatsu put his hands on his crotch area and squeezed.

"Why did I have to drink so much?" Totty said to himself. Totty was so focused on his bladder, it was impossible for him to pay any attention to the movie. He fealt a spot of wetness near his crotch area. Totty started trembling because he needed to go so bad. He really hoped the dark wet spot would be un noticable. Atushi looked at Totty. "Is this movie really too scary for you?" he asked. "N-no, the movie is fine." Totty replied. "I'm just cold."

"Really? I think it's kinda hot out, but, I guess you can wear my coat." Atsushi said as he put the coat over Totty. "Thanks." Todomatsu said. The movie was not even halfway close to being over. Totty fealt more liquid spout through his pants. His blush turned darker and now was noticable. Atsushi noticed the dark wet spot on Totty's jeans. "Totty, come on, let's get you to the bathroom before you drench yourself." he said as he grabbed on of Totty's hands.

Atsushi stood up and slowly helped Totty up. As soon as Totty stood up, a hissing noise could be heard. Totty fealt a warm yellow liquid stream from his pants and onto the floor. He face turned into an even brighter red as he started to tear up. Todomatsu had never been so embarassed in his entire life. He pissed himeself infront of his boyfriend. His legs were shaky and he could hardly stand still. The pee was all over the floor. Totty fell on his knees and started crying.

"Totty, it's okay. Everyone has an accident sometimes." Atushi said while kneeling next to him to confort him. "That's not the point!" Totty said as he was still balling his eyes out. "Hey, it's not that bad." Atsushi said. He looked Totty's jeans and onto the floor. Todomatsu's jeans were soaked and there was pretty much a river on the floor. Atushi helped Totty up. "Let's go to my house so you can get cleaned off. And don't worry, I won't tell anyone about this."

After they arrived at Atsushi's house, Todomatsu took a shower and threw his clothes in the laundry. A few hours later everything was back to normal.

