Kris's longest day (a deltarune omorashi story)

Author: splatman55

*000*2022-08-12 04:38

Let's get the things i must say out of the way.

1: i dont own deltarune

2: kris is 18.

3: this doesnt take place anywhere in the game.

4: kris has no confirmed gender.

It was an ok thursday for kris. they did not enjoy it but tomorrow it will be friday and then the weekend.

Kris woke up at around 6:00 am. they changed their clothes and sat on their bed. wondering what today would bring. when all of a sudden they felt an urge to take care of a certain "need". they got up and walked over to the bathroom when they were stopped by toriel.

Toriel: ah, kris. i see you have awoken. well since you're up early we can leave early and perhaps be on time.

Kris nods and leaves with toriel, still needing to take care of their "need". at this point kris couldn't help but hold their crotch.

Once they arrive, toriel walks them into class and then leaves them,

Alphys: ah kris! i see you're a bit early. well, you can sit in your seat and get caught up if needed.

Kris couldn't think of anything but needing to use the toilet. they rocked back and forth in their seat.

Alphys: are you ok kris? you seem to be moving a lot. you must have gotten a lot of sleep last night. which is good.

The rest of the wait for class to start is silence. aside from kris's chair squeaking from rocking back and forth.

Once class starts kris is zoned out. trying to hold back their pool of urine.

Alphys: ok class. so i assume everybody's group projects are done. if not please let me know and i will give you a 2 week extension.

Susie walks up to alphys and tells them that they havent finished but are very close.

Susie: yeah, we're not doing it.

Kris gives them a thumbs up.

Alphys: anyways class. we will continue to be learning about the human and monster war. and kris, if you are uncomfortable please feel free to leave. of course you may miss out. but i understand this may not be a topic you would like to know. since you're human and all.

Kris decides not to leave because their school doesnt have toilets and it'd be useless to walk around.

Alphys: so as most of us already know... humans sealed the monsters underground. that is until one fell in during the year 201X. their name was frisk.

Kris was squirming uncontrollably now. they were gonna leak soon. and they knew it well.

Alphys went on and on about this one human killing every monster in sight.

Kris looked at the clock. they couldnt read it. they grab their cellphone and check the time.

Alphys: uhm... kris? no cellphones allowed.

Kris can't say anything and just gently drops their phone in their bag. there was 35 minutes left of class

Eventually alphys excused themself for needing to go get more chalk.

Susie: are you ok kris? do you need a little potty break?

Kris was pushing against their crotch.

Kris stares and them blankly and shakes their head.

Susie: ok man.

Alphys walks back in and continues explaining frisk's actions.

Kris was interested but didnt get to know most of it because of how focused they were on avoiding having an accident.

15 minutes later the bell rings and school is over.

Kris walks out and is stopped by toriel.

Toriel: are you ready to go home darling?

Kris nods their head and they leave.

Only 2 minutes later they arrive.

Kris rushes their way in and into the bathroom.

Toriel: kris? did you not go before we left?

Kris didn't answer and closed the door while dancing from foot to foot.

They lifted the toilet seat lowered their pants sat on the toilet and let out a stream of piss lasting over 1 minute.

Kris got up, flushed the toilet washed their hands and left the bathroom feeling relieved.

Toriel: feeling better now?

Toriel lets out a small chuckle as she hugs kris and then sits in her chair while she reads a random book of hers to kris.

After a long while kris goes to bed.

Should i make a part 2? you just let me know ig. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

