Killer Omorashi

Author: secretomoact

*000*2022-02-05 04:18

Like the last few stories I've posted, this was originally written using characters from a non-kink book I've written. So, name-changes were made and the setting was kept vague to keep it from being recognizable, I hope the vagueness does not distract from the desperation content.

As a warning, the characters appearing in this one are from a horror/comedy book that I wrote; They are serial killers and, while there will not be any graphic violence or murder here, there will be references to it. So, if that’s not your cup of tea, you can skip this one.

***

“Okay,” Julian declared as he twisted the final knot around Jesse’s wrist. “That should hold you… How much time do you want me to give you down here?”

Jesse considered it. The ropes binding his legs together and keeping his arms behind his back were uncomfortable and he didn’t want to be in them for long. But, they were supposed to cause discomfort, and he needed enough time in them to ensure a person wouldn’t be able to free themselves from the rope they’d chosen, or the knots they’d learned to tie. “A couple hours,” Jesse answered.

Julian gave him a quizzical look, “Really? That lon—“

“We can’t have one of our subjects escape,” Jesse said. “I have to make extra certain that such an act would be impossible.”

“Well…” Julian looked down at his feet. “if you’re sure, I guess… I’ll go get some stuff at the store, then. You just… Stay here and… Try to get yourself out of those binds.”

“Okay,” Jesse said. As Julian climbed the stairs to leave their basement, Jesse was already wriggling his fingertips. He could scarcely bend his fingers at all, the ropes were so tight and firm. He doubted he’d be able to escape from them, but that was a good thing; It meant none of his future victims would be able to, either.

He figured he ought to try a little harder though, pretend he was fighting for his life like the people he tied up would inevitably be doing. He tried to thrash and writhe, but without the presence of the heart-pounding adrenaline he’d have if he was actually on the receiving end of a drawn out, painful murder, he didn’t think he was putting his whole heart into getting free.

Once he’d lost the circulation in his arms, it had stopped being that uncomfortable, too. So, even less motivation to fight with the bindings. He continued to put in a little effort, though. He fidgeted his legs as much as he could, he kept flexing his arms, but nothing seemed to make the ropes loosen. If anything, they were just getting tighter. The one wrapped around his lower torso was getting particularly tight… It was more uncomfortable than all the others, his middle felt really tense, and—

He should have peed before asking Julian to tie him up. He definitely should have peed. Now that he’d noticed the urge within, it seemed to intensify. How interesting that acknowledging a pain makes it amplify a little like that… It was as if once he’d made note of the discomfort, he’d given it a megaphone. His bladder was now demanding all of his attention.

He tried to ignore it for a while, but he couldn’t. It was throbbing and pulsating, and the fact he could neither cross his legs nor hold himself was making it worse. He finally seemed to find the motivation he’d needed to really fight against the ropes keeping him bound. Even if he couldn’t free his hands so he could get his zip down, he at least wanted the use of his legs so he could try and pin his opening shut between them.

His hips hitched back and forth, the only part of his body he could move around that freely. He was trying to ease the ropes over his legs downwards, if he could force them down to his ankles, rather than around his thighs and knees where they were now, they’d be too loose and he’d be able to step out of them. Then he’d get to do all the leg-crossing he wanted!

He couldn’t push the ropes down though. To do that, he’d need hands, which he knew he had even less chance of breaking free. He could sort of twist his ankles around, and he hooked them against one another, but that didn’t bring him much relief. The rope over his midsection was quickly becoming his worst enemy. Why did Julian have to put it RIGHT there? It was DIRECTLY over his bladder, and it seemed to squeeze itself more and more with each passing second. As if it wasn’t merely a rope, but a strangely camouflaged boa constrictor that was hell-bent on watching Jesse pee his pants.

Wait… No. He wasn’t THAT desperate already, was he? A few seconds of steady breathing and Jesse determined that he was certainly close to having to worry about that. His bladder was so full, the rope squishing it was so tight, and he couldn’t do anything to help hold it in! If he didn’t get out of these ropes soon, he was going to get soaked.

Wet pants weren’t too uncommon for Jesse. He’d had serious bedwetting issues for as far back as he could remember; Some nights he’d wet his pajamas, change his damp clothes, put a new sheet of plastic over the bed, fall back asleep… And then pee himself again before morning. He wasn’t sure what it was, he just could not for the life of him wake up when his bladder needed emptying.

He’d wet his pants while awake not too long ago as well; He’d managed to get himself locked into a freezer overnight while he really, really, really needed to go. He’d known he’d needed to conserve his energy if he was to survive the below freezing temperatures for so long in his thin clothes, and that holding it in would make that difficult. He also knew that urine would be warm… So, he’d just taken a deep breath and let it flow.

For a few seconds, his plan worked. He no longer had to put any energy into holding his bladder closed, and his legs were sieged by a pleasant heat that overpowered the frigid air that had been battering against them. He was actually feeling kind of proud of himself for being intelligent enough to use the tools at his disposal to warm himself.

And then he remembered that liquid cooled off pretty quickly when in such low temperatures. He felt significantly LESS smart when his urine began to freeze itself against his leg.

He shook his head back and forth to clear it of these memories. Not just because they were embarrassing, but because he could remember the relief he’d felt in that freezer as his bladder released its contents in a nice, steady hiss… He remembered all the pee dreams he’d had before waking up wet, how all of them had ended with finding a urinal just in time and crying out in ecstasy as he hosed it down… Sure, that was always followed with a moan of despair when he woke to find he’d drenched his bed again, but at least his bladder had been empty all those times!

As he tried to block out the tantalizing memories of blissful oblivion, his bladder forced out its first spurt into his tight skinny jeans— Because, of course, he’d had to wear his tightest jeans today as well! He panicked and squeezed his thighs together, the only thing he could do to try and hold his need back. He was trembling, shaking and rolling about on the ground, trying to break through the ropes from brute-force alone.

Of course, that didn’t work. He managed to roll himself on top of his stomach, though. The instant he did, it was like every bit of his weight was slamming on top of his bladder. Pain erupted beneath his sensitive flesh, his bladder shrieking in wild frenzy as a huge spurt poured from his tip. He quickly fought to roll over onto his back, but after such a brutal experience, his bladder was angry and thrashing, more and more leaks wetting the crotch of his pants.

Jesse moaned into the darkness of his basement. He was positive now that the ropes were inescapable, because now he really had been fighting for dear life and he hadn’t managed to loosen them even slightly. “Julian!?” Jesse called, before remembering that Julian had been about to go to the store… He groaned, tensed his thighs and clenched his muscles as hard as he could, straining his ears out for Julian to return home.

‘All these years researching new, creative methods of torture,’ Jesse thought miserably in the dark. ‘And the worst one of all was staring me straight in the face the whole time…’ He didn’t like to think that his work, the experiments he’d done to see how much pain a human could withstand, could be outdone by a simple biological urge…But, this truly was a form of torture; One Jesse had never thought about before. To need to pee so badly while something squeezed the living daylights out of his bladder and he couldn’t even squirm in any meaningful way…That horrible throbbing ache that started in his middle, careened up his back and pulsated through his most delicate and sensitive areas… Could his experiments even measure up to this kind of pain?

Perhaps this would be a good thing to try next time he acquired a test subject? He’d have to find a way to keep the subject from wetting themselves. Jesse was only fighting so hard not to pee in his clothing because he didn’t want Julian to come home and find him laying in a puddle of urine. A test subject would be unlikely to care what their captors thought of them or have any desire not to make a mess of the torture dungeon, so would have less incentive to hold…

Perhaps Jesse should have been thinking of different escape methods and not of horrible things to do to whatever victims he managed to get his hands on in the future, but thinking about his work was always a good distraction. And he really, really needed a distraction!

It only lasted so long, though. Then, he could think of little more than ‘Have to pee! Oh, please! I have to pee so bad! Please, I need to urinate! I have to go! I need the restroom right now! Please, please, please! I can’t hold it! I need to pee!’

Then, he heard the door opening. Julian was coming down the stairs, “It’s been about an hou—“

“Julian, please release me,” Jesse instructed.

“You said two hours, th—“

“I recall what my instructions were previously,” Jesse said. “But, now I urgently need to void!”

Julian blinked at Jesse for a few seconds. Sometimes it seemed like Jesse had blended up an entire thesaurus and then drank it like some kind of disgusting smoothie. He didn’t understand why Jesse always had to try and make people think he was some kind of super genius, all it did was make him talk weird and use words normal people didn’t understand. “Um… You need to do… What?”

“I am experiencing a terrible exigency, my body requires me to pass water straightaway.” When he again received a blank stare, Jesse groaned; “I have to micturate, Julian.”

“…What?”

“I must urinate!”

“You… Oh, you’re all jiggly! Do you mean you gotta take a piss?” Julian guessed.

Jesse winced at Julian’s vulgar tongue, (Jesse hated swearing, he thought it made a person sound frightfully unintelligent.) as well as at the fact that his accomplice apparently had not previously been clear on what the word ‘urinate’ meant. But, he nodded. “Yes, dreadfully! Please, untie me!”

“Okay!” Julian said. He knelt down next to Jesse and had him roll onto his side. Jesse cringed as turning over made his liquids slosh and push themselves against his opening.

“Hurry…” Jesse said.

“I am,” Julian assured. “Now… Um… Uh…. How do you take the knot back out?”

“You didn’t consider it may be of the essence to work that out prior to tying me up?”

“Sorry…” Julian said. “Maybe I can just cut you free instead, do you think we’ve got something that could do that?”

“Julian, you are presently in a torture dungeon,” Jesse reminded. “Everything in here is sharp, I’m sure something will get the job done.”

Julian opened several of the drawers, each stocked full of various dangerous implements. He soon found a decent looking knife.

Jesse squirmed on the ground and listened as Julian sharpened up a knife before returning to him. He felt a bit of relief when Julian began cutting apart the rope binding his hands. When they were freed, they stung with a million pins and needles as the blood flow finally returned to them after so long. The tingling was of no concern however. It didn’t matter that his hands didn’t feel right, what mattered was what they could do. And right now, all they could do was press against his crotch. He couldn’t get a fantastic grip through his tight jeans, but it was something and it was enough to make him give a tiny sigh. “Ahh…”

Julian heard his little moan and flinched, “You’re not… You’re not ‘going’, are you?”

“No!” Jesse cried out. “I’m just… I’ve been really desiring the use of my hands, and it… Feels better to be able to—“

“Oh,” Julian said. He then sliced through the rope tied around Jesse’s waist, then finally took care of the ones binding his legs. The instant Jesse’s legs were free, they were crossed, scissoring against one another, completely out of Jesse’s control.

“Wow, I guess you do have to go really bad,” Julian said.

“Silence,” Jesse commanded. He forced himself up onto his feet, and realized that he was still pretty far from being okay. To get to the restroom, he’d need to leave the basement. And to do that, he had to make it up a flight of stairs. “Are there any containers down here?”

Julian shrugged, “I don’t think so… It’s not like it’s that far to walk.”

Jesse hesitated for a moment before placing his foot up onto the first step. He immediately let out a sharp hiss of air through his teeth. An intense wave of need had snaked through his foot, up the line of his leg, and directly into his throbbing abdomen; He felt a short spray of urine shoot from his tip. He could not recall ever needing to relieve himself so urgently before in his life. “I have to do it right here,” he announced.

“What?!” Julian asked, alarmed.

Jesse was already working on his zipper.

“You can’t be serious? You’re just gonna piss on the steps?”

“I have been left with no other options,” Jesse said. “The pressures of nature are simply too much for me to bear at the moment, I have no choice but to—“ He stopped speaking abruptly as it registered to him that something was wrong; His zipper was not coming down. It wasn’t even budging. He gripped hold of it and yanked with his full strength, but still it remained up. His pants were much too tight for him to just yank them down by the waistband— Not that he particularly wanted to expose quite THAT much of his body to Julian, anyway…

“Julian, my zipper is stuck!” he cried out in a panic.

“Once you’re actually at a TOILET, I’ll help you!” Julian said. “Don’t pee on the steps!”

Jesse bounced in place, continuing to tug the accursed zipper. His holding muscles were so exhausted, it took every ounce of willpower he had to keep his bladder’s contents where they belonged. He wanted to fire back that, whether his zipper came down or not, the steps were GOING to be peed on; The only difference would be whether or not Jesse’s clothes would get wet as well… But, before he could even open his mouth, it registered to him that the area around his crotch was starting to feel strangely warm. Then, he picked up on the sounds; A loud hiss had begun to fill the room, like the sound of air being let out of a balloon. This was underpinned with the distinct noise of liquid splashing against concrete.

Panicked, he tried to get a good grip on his member, but all this did was get his hands wet as the deluge only continued to build in intensity. Jesse shuddered with equal parts embarrassment and relief… So much relief… He’d needed to do this for so long, finally having it come out felt nothing short of exquisite. But, every few seconds the textile sensations of his rapidly dampening clothing would register to him once more, and the humiliation would begin to outweigh the relief.

The fact Julian was there didn’t help, Jesse found himself wishing he’d just gone ahead and had his accident BEFORE Julian had come home. Being found in a massive puddle of urine would have been slightly less embarrassing than being watched while CREATING a massive puddle of urine. The amount he was letting loose was also somewhat mortifying; he’d been spraying uncontrollably for at least a full minute, and he didn’t feel like he’d be done any time soon.

Julian was just watching him, and he wanted to tell him to look away but he couldn’t even find his voice through the shock.

Julian apparently COULD find his, though. “Hey… Um… Well, you piss the bed practically every single night, so at least this isn’t a totally new experience for you, right?”

Jesse finally remembered how to talk, “You’re not helping!” he shouted overtop of the stunningly noisy hiss that was still emitting from his midsection.

“Sorry… Feel any better at least?”

Jesse scowled, but had to admit that he definitely did. A brief shiver passed through him as the last of his urine drained from his body and he gave a very soft sigh. The sigh wasn’t purely from relief, but also from dismay. As he stood there, soaked from the waist down and stinking of urine partway up the stairs of his makeshift torture dungeon, Jesse wondered what he could have possibly done to deserve this much humiliation. That would, however, forever remain a mystery to him.

*001*2022-02-05 18:13

As Jesse changed out of his soaked clothes, he grumbled to himself about the indignity of it all. His bladder had never really been on his side, always seeming to fill itself to the brim at the worst possible moments. His body’s perceptions of itself had always been a little off kilter. He’d never known quite what to call it… His body was just always icy cold, which he supposed was why he never seemed to get sweaty. In addition, he was just perpetually numb. Things that should have hurt just… didn’t. He was able to stick his fingers into candle flame without feeling much of anything. He could wrap his hand around a shining light bulb and not register it burning.

It was not unless Jesse was experiencing an extreme level of pain, for example if instead of a small burn from a candle or bulb, his entire arm had been set on fire, only then did the agony manage to register itself. He’d never understood why he didn’t feel things the way other people did. In his earliest memory, his hand is full of cactus needles and his Mother is screaming, freaking out and trying to soothe him. But, Jesse is just sitting there and staring at the pointy things jabbed into him, with no idea why Mother is asking him over and over if he’s okay. It doesn’t hurt. It’s just interesting.

But, this constant numbness, this inability to recognize a sensation until it became very strong, meant that Jesse could barely ever realize that he needed to relieve his bladder until it was a catastrophic emergency. This, Jesse thought, was one of the biggest problems with being so numb. When he was very little and kept on having accidents well after others his age had stopped, Mother had taken him to a doctor, thinking that he had something wrong in his bladder.

He didn’t. The doctor asked him if he couldn’t feel when he had to go, and he tried to explain that he COULD, but only when it was really close to coming out. The doctor just assumed he was like any other kid, not paying attention because he was busy playing.

But, as Jesse got older, old enough to stop getting so caught up in games that he neglected pee breaks, his problem stayed the same. He couldn’t count the number of times he passed up an opportunity for a piss, only to suddenly find himself on the verge of an accident two minutes later. He’d driven his teachers crazy with it in elementary school. “We JUST had a bathroom break, Jesse. You can wait.”

But, Jesse could never wait. He’d wriggle and squirm, and then he’d pee in his seat after about half an hour of constant jiggling. He would be comforted by his Mother each time this happened. He would also be comforted every time he wet the bed growing up, which happened most nights. “It’s okay, Jesse,” she said. “You’ll grow out of this.”

But, Jesse never did.

All through middle and high school, Jesse would have to be careful to remind himself to pee at each break, even when he didn’t feel the need to go. And even though he’d felt none of the pressure in his bladder, he would often stand there peeing for almost half a minute, the relief not registering any more than the urge had.

The only times the sensations of relief were strong enough to penetrate the numbness was when Jesse had been completely bursting to go, like he had been earlier…

Even though that bout of desperation had ended with an enormous puddle, it was still not the most desperate Jesse had ever been in his life. No, that honor went to when he and Julian had needed to split town last year once it became clear people were growing suspicious of their activities.

The plan was to travel by train across the country to a new location and begin their work once more there. When it came time to get off one train and get onto another, they were to do so as quickly as possible in order to avoid being seen by anyone employed at the station or getting spotted on a security camera.

There was not, as Jesse emphatically told Julian over and over, any time to use the restroom at the train stations. Jesse spent some of the time they were traveling working on a letter to his Mother, telling her not to worry about his whereabouts and that he was safe. He spent even more of the time they were traveling growing more and more annoyed by Julian’s incessant pleas for a toilet break.

The moron had been nice and quiet during the first two stops. Then, after that it was “Jesse, I have to piss!” “Jesse, I have to piss NOW!” “Jesse, I can’t hold it!” “Jesse, please, you gotta let me go here!” Jesse would angrily shush him each time. They were supposed to be QUIET as they maneuvered through the stations to avoid drawing attention. Julian loudly begging for a urinal was not helping them accomplish that.

“Silence!” Jesse hissed, forcing Julian onto the next train. “You do not need to go that badly. You are imagining it.”

Julian’s legs had twisted together and begun to bounce. Confused, he said “How could I be imagining it?! I’ve already peed a little!”

Jesse grimaced. He had not wanted to know that. “Well, then you’ve released the excess pressure, haven’t you? That means you can retain the rest inside yourself.”

Deciding those words probably amounted to ‘Just shut up and hold it!’, Julian chewed on his lip and stared out the window as the train started to move. He held himself as he was jostled around. “I can’t, Jesse…” Julian said. “I just GOTTA go at the next stop.”

Jesse rolled his eyes at his accomplice’s pathetic display. “We can have one comfort break today,” he conceded.

“What’s—“

“We will pee once,” Jesse interrupted. “But, only when it becomes necessary. When we BOTH absolutely require it.”

“But, Jesse, I ‘absolutely require it’ RIGHT now,” Julian said, and he curled and twisted every which way as he fought not to flood the seat he was in.

“But, I do not,” Jesse said. “And I don’t want to waste our one break if I don’t need to make use of it.”

“But… YOU’RE the one that says we can only have—“

“You are lucky I am allowing even one,” Jesse interrupted. “Now, be quiet and control yourself. You will get to do what you need to do later.”

Julian felt like he was going to ‘do what he needed to do’ in his pants any second now, but he could tell there was no arguing with Jesse. He understood WHY Jesse didn’t want to linger around the train stations for long, but Julian didn’t think peeing would take all THAT much time! Sure, Julian was probably holding five gallons of piss inside his body right now, but Julian was a fast pee-er. If he pushed hard enough, he was sure he could get it all out in under a minute. He imagined how loudly it was gonna spray, how good it was gonna feel, how—

Drip…

He snapped his legs together and tried to STOP imagining those things.

Jesse refused Julian’s repeated begs for the toilet at the next stop and forced him onto the next train. Thirty minutes after that one took off down the rail, Jesse’s bladder at last became full enough to penetrate through his numb senses, and he instantly went from feeling not even the tiniest tingle in his middle to fighting not to double over as urgent spasms rocked through his entire body. “We will be taking that break at the next stop,” he informed Julian, hissing through his teeth.

For the ten millionth time in his life, Jesse cursed his perpetual physical insensitivity to all stimuli. He had observed the behavior of others enough to know that everyone else was capable of recognizing when their bladder was starting to get a little full, they could register they needed the toilet long before they were bursting for it. But, not Jesse. His bladder only ever felt completely empty or filled to its brim, he didn’t get to have that warning build-up over time.

Julian, being a person that possessed two functioning eye balls, could tell right away that Jesse was dying for the toilet now, and this confused him. If Jesse had been holding it this whole time too, why hadn’t he agreed to go earlier? “But— We were just near a bathroom! Why’d you—“

“My affairs are none of your concerns, Julian,” Jesse said.

“…Affairs?” Julian repeated. “What? Holding it until you’re about to wet your pants when you were JUST near a toilet— One that I BEGGED you to stop at— That’s an ‘affair’?”

“I had no need to relieve myself at the last stop,” Jesse said. But, dear GOD did he have such a need now! His jeans were squishing his abdomen without even the slightest hint of mercy. It felt like a twenty pound bowling ball was crammed inside his body, bruising and slamming into his other organs.

“What the Hell do you mean?!” Julian asked, staring at Jesse’s knotted legs and the hands pinned between them. He knew his own position was probably no less pathetic than Jesse’s by now, but he’d at least been trying ALL DAY to get to a bathroom… “You’ve obviously been holding it a while!”

“I felt no urge to go until now,” Jesse stated. He bounced up and down in his seat, his hands kneading painfully into his crotch. He knew how ridiculous his claim must have sounded, even if it was the truth.

Julian slumped back, trying to give his bladder more room to stretch out. He was too desperate for a urinal to argue right now. He kicked his legs out in front of himself, crossed them tight at the ankles. “How much longer until the next stop?” He asked. Even if Jesse had apparently decided to take his stupid pills today, at least he’d promised Julian a bathroom break. At least Julian knew he’d be peeing soon…

“I do not know,” Jesse said, annoyed. He tensed his thighs around his hands, squeezing tight and trying to plug up his opening as much as he could. “I have never been out this way before.” His bladder throbbed and thrashed, bashing around inside his body as gallons of urine looked for an escape route. ‘Ohhh, please let it be close!’ A tiny, pathetic voice in Jesse’s brain begged. ‘Please, please? I need to go real bad!’

Jesse tried to silence the voice. No way could that have come from his own brain. No way could he honestly be having such needy, whining thoughts.

Because, Jesse could hold it. He may have needed a toilet so badly that he felt like the pressure he was under was strong enough to crush a truck, but he could hold it. He could hold it. He could hold it. He could hold it.

Pee pulsed down his urethra and wet the front of his boxers as his bladder angrily shouted back that no, he in fact couldn’t hold it. He hissed through his clenched teeth as he rocked back and forth and back and forth and back and forth, damp crotch straining against his hands.

At last, the train came to a stop. “We are relieving ourselves here, do not argue with me,” Jesse gruffly said to Julian.

Julian stared, blinking at Jesse as he gently raised himself to his feet and fought not to explode right then and there. He wondered why on God’s green Earth Jesse thought he would even consider arguing with him about NOT pissing here after he’d just spent the last several hours pleading for permission to do exactly that.

Jesse watched as Julian walked to the exit and tried to force himself up. As soon as he was on his feet, a jet of liquid shot down his shaft and his grip on himself tightened so much that it was painful. Tears formed in the corners of his eyes, but he knew if he loosened his hold at all, he’d pee and pee and pee until he was standing in an enormous puddle. He attempted to straighten himself out and walk in a way that was at least somewhere in the same zip-code of ‘normal’, but this proved impossible. Standing up too tall made the skin stretch over his bladder and drops of urine dribble out. Parting his legs too much to take a step made short but intense leaks hiss into his pants. Basically, all he could manage was to do tiny, humiliating hops, folded over almost in half as he held onto his crotch for dear life.

Julian was able to walk a little bit better than Jesse could, and that was why he was able to reach the door to what they both needed before Jesse. Julian removed one hand from between his legs to grip the doorknob when Jesse caught up. “N—Needless to say, I will be using that room first.”

“No,” Julian disagreed. “You aren’t,” he shoved the door open and began working at his belt. Before he could shut the door closed again, Jesse forced his way in.

“I am on the verge of a catastrophe,” Jesse said, trying to shove past Julian to get to the toilet… Oh, God, the toilet… Jesse’s eyes were fixed on it now, he was so close… So close to relief…

“I don’t care what you’re ‘on the verge’ of!” Julian snapped. He was beginning to get very, very annoyed. It was Jesse’s fault that he had to pee so bad, it was Jesse’s fault that they BOTH had to pee so bad! Julian had TRIED to go before he had an emergency, and now that he was HAVING one he wasn’t about to let the guy that had continually prevented him from pissing go first! “You’re gonna have to wait!”

“Julian, no,” Jesse snarled. “You are GOING to allow me to use it first!”

“No way!” Julian shouted back as he loosened his belt and gripped his zip. “I’ve been holding it WAY longer!” And he knew he COULDN’T hold it another second! He was so angry with Jesse right now for forcing him to endure his full bladder for so long that he honestly WANTED him to have an accident. It would serve him right!

“Then, step to the side,” Jesse said. “We will share it.”

Julian shook his head stubbornly. If Jesse hadn’t been such an asshole to him about bathroom breaks all through this trip, then he WOULD have considered moving over enough that they could both unleash their streams into the toilet, but he wasn’t going to do it now! Jesse was just gonna have to hold it or piss his pants. It was what he deserved. Julian unzipped, then pulled his pants down and sat himself on the toilet. The instant he felt the porcelain seat underneath him, his drips became a loud, gushing stream. As he gave a long, loud exhale of relief through his nose, he stuck his tongue out at Jesse.

‘Immature little cretin…’ Jesse thought as he jumped from foot to foot. He knew Julian did not often sit down to urinate. The only reason he was doing so now was to make sure Jesse couldn’t use the toilet with him.

Julian put his hand between his legs and adjusted himself, so that his stream cascaded directly into the water beneath him, the volume of his hissing spray increased in intensity, and glancing to his side, he saw how much of an effect it was having upon Jesse.

Jesse was almost on his knees now, his hands pinned between his legs and his eyes wide… Were those… Were those tears? Holy shit, Julian had NEVER seen tears on Jesse’s face before. Or, at least not REAL ones. He’d only ever seen Jesse fake a cry to manipulate someone, but this looked pretty genuine. Julian almost felt bad.

Almost.

Emptying his bladder felt too good for Julian to feel bad about anything.

Besides, he reminded himself, Jesse deserved this.

‘My bladder is going to rupture,’ Jesse thought as Julian continued pouring on and on and on. “Pl—Please… Hasten it up a tad?”

Julian just shook his head. “I’m going slower,” he informed. And, from the sound of it, he really WAS. Julian had always had a high level of control over his flow… He could make it come out as quickly or as slowly as he wanted. He could make himself stop pretty easily too… And that gave him another idea. He clenched his muscles for a moment. “Ahhh, I think I’m done,” he said.

“Then get u—“

Then, Julian let go again, and pee noisily splashed into the bowl once more. “Nope. Sorry. My bad. I still gotta go.”

“Ohhhh, hurry!” Jesse bounced in place. He lost another leak. Then another. And another. He felt his palms and fingers getting damp as pee bloomed hot and wet over the crotch of his pants. “Hurry up!” Drips kept on pattering out, and Julian just kept peeing and peeing and sighing and peeing more, and—

All at once, it was too much.

Jesse could not hold it any longer. He looked around the small room. No trash can… Letting it out against a wall could work… No, no, if someone went in right after them and found the mess, they might say something and then security could come and… Wow, imagine if he was captured all because he pissed on a wall!

Pinching his opening shut as much as he could, Jesse kept trying to think of an answer… The sink, yes. The sink. Sinks and urinals were basically the same thing, right? Both little bowls made of porcelain that expelled water down a drain. Pretty much the same thing!

Or, at least they were the same thing to a person whose mind was addled by the fog of intense desperation.

He let go of his continually spurting dick and tugged down his zipper, rushing madly for the sink, leaving a little trail of liquid along the way. The sink was too high up for him to aim into, but he was pretty sure it was sturdy enough to support his body weight…

“Jesse, what are you doing?” Julian laughed. He was nearly empty, he knew he’d be up off the toilet in just a couple more seconds, but as the last of his pee trickled out, he made no move to stand. He just stayed where he was and watched Jesse.

Jesse yanked his pants down and pulled himself up onto the sink, sitting over it and positioning himself so that he was gushing into the basin. Then, he moaned as he gave up the last bit of control he was still hanging on to. Piss loudly crashed into the sink and Jesse felt himself shiver.

“What the Hell are you doing?” Julian repeated, even though it was obvious. “I was just about done!” He stood and started to pull his pants back up. “Couldn’t you wait one more second?”

“Silence…” Jesse murmured, his features slackening as his body relaxed, urine still noisily spraying away beneath him.

“Not like I have to wash my hands or anything…”

“Silence,” Jesse managed once more through his heavy, relieved breaths, his pee gushing harder and harder. He doubted if the sink’s faucet itself could even match the power of his ‘faucet’. He was peeing as if he hadn’t relieved himself in weeks. This was all Julian’s own fault anyway. He wouldn’t let Jesse relieve himself into the toilet, and so this was what happened. Jesse’s bladder was still aching even as his stream crashed heavily into the basin.

“Jesus, Jesse,” Julian said. “How much do you drink?!”

“Ahhh…” Jesse moaned out, unable to articulate himself and unsure what he’d even say if he could. Liquid continued pouring hard and strong, noisily hissing and splashing. Jesse was growing a bit uncomfortable with how much Julian was watching. “Look somewhere el—“

“Aren’t you done yet?” Julian asked impatiently. “And you bitched about how much I had to go?!”

“Give me a second,” Jesse said. “I think I’m nearly spent…”

“Are you sure?” Julian said, fighting down another laugh.

Jesse felt what seemed like the last few drops of his urine trickle out, but as soon as he thought he was finished, he felt the weight return to his abdomen and another intense wave of pee surged out. “Ahhh… Perhaps not…” He was gushing again with wild abandon and continued on for half a minute before the stream ceased once more.

Jesse stayed where he was, bearing down on his muscles as hard as he could, attempting to force out anything else his bladder might have still been containing. He didn’t feel the need to go anymore, and after a few more seconds of attempting to start up another stream, he felt confident he really was emptied out.

Jesse dropped down from the sink and slid his pants back up, zipping and buttoning them. He gave another sigh through his nose.

“… Feeling a little bit better now?” Julian asked. “You… You’re gonna rinse out the sink, right?”

Jesse groaned, but decided he should probably do that.

They continued on their journey, and when after a few more stops Julian announced that he was once more desperate for the toilet, Jesse chose not to argue and the two were able to have a far less dramatic pee break.

Once they reached their destination, Jesse promised himself he’d do a better job of relieving himself when he had the chance, even if he didn’t feel like he had to. But, he forgot more often than not.

That was definitely the most desperate he could recall ever feeling, and he was amazed that it hadn’t ended in a puddle just like his agony from earlier today had.

*003*2022-02-06 20:28

{{31 minutes ago, daisyduke said:

I totally love your stories! They are one of the best male omo fictions, I enjoy them a lot. Please keep writing, you're so good at it.

}}

Thank you so much. I’m glad you like them. I’m definitely going to keep writing, there’s plenty more to come.

*005*2022-11-21 00:42

Written for the Omovember prompt "Too Stubborn To Admit It".

I hope this one fits the prompt okay. Since what he’s ‘too stubborn to admit’ ISN’T that he needs to pee.

***

Jesse and Julian shared a bed at night. It wasn’t that they were a couple, or anything. Just, they only had the one bed. And it was a big bed, anyway. And… Okay, maybe Jesse did like that Julian was really warm. And, maybe some nights he’d snuggle closer to him if he was feeling extra chilly, but… But, that was all!

Julian liked when Jesse cozied up to him like that, even if he knew the other was just seeking his body-heat. It felt nice, Julian didn’t even mind it when Jesse wet the bed and caused the both of them to wake up damp.

It was pretty much a foregone conclusion that Jesse would wet himself at some point during each night. It didn’t matter how long before bedtime he ceased drinking water, or if he peed just a minute or two before it was time to sleep; His bladder would always fill up and empty itself while he dozed. A few times, Jesse had tried to use a moisture sensor and alarm in order to wake himself up when he began to leak, but the alarm never managed to actually rouse him. It never failed to wake Julian, but by the time he’d shaken Jesse into consciousness, the other’s bladder had already finished draining out into his pants.

They did try to minimize the damage of Jesse’s night-time accidents. The mattress had a protective cover, and Jesse’s half of the bed always had an absorbent mat for him to lay on top of, which soaked up the majority of his spilled liquids. If he rolled away from the mat in his sleep though, the sheets always had to be washed.

When morning came, they didn’t talk about it. Julian didn’t groan “Really, Jesse? Again?” because he’d known to expect it. It was so rare that Jesse managed to wake up dry that Julian only commented on THOSE mornings, things like “Wow, you actually made it…” or “Cool, you’re all dry for once!” Things that would always be met with grunted insults as Jesse ran to the toilet with his hands between his legs— Because whenever Jesse actually held his pee through the night, he’d wake up feeling unfathomably desperate to go.

That night, Jesse relieved himself right before bed, just as he always did in spite of knowing how futile it really was. He hadn’t felt much urge to pee, but when he relaxed and let it flow his release lasted for over half a minute. He knew that, had he been able to sense things as intensely as other people, he probably would have been squirming about as he’d lowered his pajama pants. He also knew that, had he been able to sense things as intensely as other people, the relief of his bladder deflating would have been pretty exquisite.

But, Jesse was numb, and the feelings weren’t extreme enough for him to notice them. He hadn’t registered the fullness pulsing in his bladder, nor had he been able to truly enjoy his release.

Unlike Julian, whom knocked on the bathroom door as Jesse finished up, asking how much longer he was going to be in there. Jesse opened the door, seeing Julian tapping his foot and shimming his hips impatiently. “Fucking finally…” Julian mumbled, pushing past Jesse and up to the toilet.

Julian hadn’t shut the door and Jesse watched as he freed his dick and released a clear stream of pee into the bowl. From the force of Julian’s release, he had certainly needed to go, but it wasn’t as powerful as the jet of urine Jesse had let go of a moment earlier. That… Fascinated Jesse. He’d evidently been fuller than Julian, yet Julian had FELT his need much more strongly. When Julian sighed loudly once he’d finished after only around twenty seconds, that too piqued Jesse’s curiosity. He wondered what it would be like to actually FEEL things the way Julian did… Would Jesse be able to hold less than he could now if he was made to experience the discomfort from the moment his bladder first began to fill up?

Jesse thought about that as he fell asleep. His bladder was large, it could certainly fit a lot inside it… But, once it finally managed to get so full that Jesse actually realized he needed to go, the pain was IMMENSE and he’d want it all OUT right that very instant! If he was able to register those aching pinches and throbs sooner, he doubted he’d be willing to hold even half as much as he did now. It just hurt too badly!

***

Jesse was at the hardware store with Julian. This was where Jesse purchased ropes and other materials he needed for ‘work’. They alternated between hardware stores every time they needed to pick up something. Julian thought it was pointless. “We should just keep going to the one closest to home,” he always complained.

“Sure,” Jesse would roll his eyes. “We should go buy a bunch of ropes, saws and whatnot from the same location every fortnight. That won’t look suspicious in the least!”

And Julian would nod and say, “So, you agree? We don’t have to go so far today?”

To which Jesse would always smack him on the head and not say another word.

During this particular trip, Jesse found himself in the midst of a major emergency. Like always, the urge to urinate hit him all at once and, suddenly, an intense needful surge was pulsing in his bladder. It was bad enough that he stopped mid-step to clench his thighs together, groaning. “Mmmf…”

“What’s the matter, Jesse?” Julian asked him.

Jesse looked away. He could not understand why the need to relieve himself always caused him to feel embarrassed. It was idiotic; Everyone had a bladder, it wasn’t as though he was so proud as to pretend he was an exception to that. It still made him blush sometimes to tell Julian what he needed to do— Particularly if Julian hadn’t said that HE needed to go first. “I… I must excuse myself for a moment, Julian,” Jesse told him.

Of course, Julian couldn’t take the hint. He was as dense as a neutron star. “Hm? Why? Did something happen?” Julian sped directly to Jesse’s side. Thank God the moron at least had enough intelligence to whisper his next statement; “Do you think someone is onto us here?”

Jesse heaved a heavy sigh. They were alone in this aisle. They’d been alone in the last several aisles. If someone had noticed them and was following them around for some reason, then they were invisible. “No, Julian. I just… I require use of the facilities now, alright?”

“Um…” Julian frowned. “O—Ohh, right. That’s a fancy way to say ‘toilet’, isn’t it?”

“… Yes,” Jesse said. “Please, excuse me. It is rather urgent.”

“It’s okay, I’ll go with you!” Julian said, hugging Jesse and causing him to grimace. “I gotta go too all of the sudden.”

Jesse groaned again. Julian had the most peculiar habit of always ‘suddenly’ needing to pee the moment Jesse said that HE did. “Alright… Just… Leave the cart close to the restrooms.”

“Will do,” Julian said, and they started in that direction. Jesse grew more and more and more desperate with every step. This interested him a bit. It always sort of had, the way his bladder seemed to just KNOW when he was getting closer to a toilet. The way it… Anticipated it, started to loosen itself up as it prepared for relief, only succeeding in making Jesse have to fight harder not to let go too soon.

All that loosening inside his bladder stopped when Jesse saw the massive line for the men’s room. Oh, this was ridiculous. It spilled out the door… The men’s room wasn’t supposed to have a line this big! Ever! He’d only ever seen these sorts of crowds in front of the women’s one before. Jesse hopped up and down a little as he took his place at the end of the line.

“Aw, shit,” Julian said. “This is gonna take a while! Can you make it, Jesse?”

Jesse glared at him. What an irritating question…

“Did you bring your knife? Why don’t you just stab everybody?”

What in the world was wrong with that boy, and how did Jesse ever find himself stuck with such an incompetent fool? The person right in front of them had looked back over his shoulder, so Jesse forced a smile, remembering that there WAS a reason someone would make a statement like that even if they HADN’T ever actually stabbed anybody. “Eheh, you are so humorous, Julian. But, please do not make me laugh! That is way too hard on my bladder!”

“O—Oh, right,” Julian said, quieting down.

Jesse leaned against the wall and hitched his hips, wriggling from side to side. This was so bad… His insides were twisting, brimming with urine. He had to go so much… He wished that he COULD stab everyone in front of him, but he did have guidelines for choosing victims, and to his knowledge none of these people would pass. Not that he could just DO that outside of his basement, anyway.

He could perhaps use some of his other skills, though. Jesse was very good at manipulating people, after all. In the past, he’d managed to talk others into doing all sorts of things they’d never do ordinarily. This time, he was merely trying to get to the front of a line, so it should be far, far easier.

The main tool at Jesse’s disposal was always his appearance. He looked young. His eyes large and wide, his body small and slim, and his voice noticeably higher than most eighteen year olds’. It was easy for him to pass as someone much younger. And, people DID tend to move out of the way when a kid needed to urinate really badly…

But, to really sell it, Jesse would have to allow himself to do the major, full-blown pee-dance that his bladder was currently begging him for. He’d have to say, out loud, AND in childish terms, that he was very desperate for relief.

No.

That was far, FAR beneath him,

Besides, he could wait.

He could definitely wait.

A ripple of painful urgency tore through his bladder and he thought that, perhaps, maybe he COULDN’T wait! He crossed his legs tightly, not even meaning to do it, and started to open his mouth. “I— I— Have to—“

The man in front of him turned around, and now he looked different than he had a moment ago when Julian had made that comment about knives. The difference was stark, the man now had no eyes, just a smooth patch of skin where they should have been.

And, Jesse realized right away that he was not actually at the hardware store waiting in line to pee. He was instead at home, in bed, and fast asleep.

That was the most peculiar aspect of Jesse’s nocturnal enuresis. Most nights, something would occur during his dream that would alert him to the fact that he was sleeping. He’d be aware of it, it would be clear to him that, if he let his bladder relax, he would wet his bed. But, that knowledge would never be enough to get him to WAKE UP no matter how hard he tried. He’d pinch or slap himself in an attempt to rouse his body awake, but would always fail. Then, before long, he’d need to urinate so badly that his dream-self had an accident at the same time his real-self did.

Now that he knew he was sleeping and that none of this was real, Jesse saw no reason to try to preserve much of his dignity. None of these people were ACTUALLY watching him, and the person beside him wasn’t the REAL Julian. So, he let his hands drop down to his crotch for a very firm squeeze and didn’t dare to move them.

“Ah, yeah,” Julian said. “Guess you figured out you’re sleeping?”

Even in Jesse’s dreams, Julian was a moron who kept pointing out the obvious… “I have,” he gritted out, bucking his hips against his clenched palms.

“Well, that means you CAN kill everybody here, right?” Julian said. “No consequences if it’s a dream. Just stab everyone so you can be at the front of the line.”

“Julian… You complete and utter… Emperor of the dullards…” Jesse grumbled. “Even if I do that, I still wouldn’t be able to void. I’ll only end up soiling the sheets again. What I NEED to do is wake up before I… Before I…” Wow, even inside a DREAM Jesse was embarrassed to say—

“Before you burst and wet yourself?” Julian finished for him.

“C—Correct…” Jesse turned away again. “I do sincerely hope that the dream version of you is at least SLIGHTLY less useless than you are in reality.”

“Hey!” Julian frowned. “If you keep being a dick, I’m not gonna help you wake up!”

Oh, for the love of… “This is my dream,” Jesse reminded. “You only exist inside my mind, you cannot possibly disobey me here!”

Julian stuck his tongue out, “Watch me!” He ran off.

“Return here, at once!” Jesse ordered, chasing after him. Now that he knew he was asleep, he was confused by how the jolt of his feet slapping the ground over and over still managed to shake up his bladder and slam the urine inside of it so roughly against his sphincters. He wasn’t ACTUALLY running around or stomping, so why did his bladder react as if he were? Was it just because it was what his brain EXPECTED to happen if he ran around while full of pee?

He didn’t know where Julian was now. And he wasn’t in the hardware store anymore. The dream had swapped locations to inside his house. He heard a toilet flush and watched Jesse leave the restroom. “Ahhh, better…” Julian sighed. “Thank you so much for letting me go first!”

Okay, was this actually Julian’s dream? Because real-Jesse would NEVER allow Julian to use the toilet first if he was this desperate— Or even if he didn’t feel like he had to go at all! Real-Jesse would make Julian WAIT. “Um… You are most welcome,” he said. Since he apparently couldn’t control dream-Julian, it would probably serve him well to at least get on his good side if he wanted help with waking up.

“Love you,” Julian told him.

Eheh… Um… Wow! Jesse REALLY couldn’t control dream-Julian, could he? Because that was DEFINITELY the LAST thing Jesse would ever want to hear come out of his mouth! “That is… Nice, Julian. But, I still require—“

“I know, I know, you still gotta piss super bad,” Julian said. “Your turn now.”

Jesse shook his head. This was one of the things his dreams liked to do. They’d provide him with lots and lots of opportunities for relief, trying to tempt him into letting go and freeing himself from the pressure. “I cannot do that, Julian. If you recall, I am actually still asleep at the moment.”

“O—Oh, right!” Julian said. “I need to wake you up!”

Good. Being nice to dream-Julian HAD gotten him to be more willing to help.

“I know, I’ll startle you!” Julian said. He ran to Jesse’s side and hugged him tight.

“This is you ‘startling me’?” Jesse asked. Again, even though he knew he wasn’t ACTUALLY being squeezed around his midsection, his bladder felt like it really WAS being crushed in Julian’s arms. ‘Perhaps in the real world he IS hanging onto me?’ he wondered.

“Not yet,” Julian said, before giving Jesse a long, sloppy kiss on the cheek.

“Ah—No!” Jesse shoved him away. “You imbecile! For what purpose would you—“

“To shock you awake,” Julian said. “Besides, this is YOUR dream. You said earlier that you can control me ‘cause I’m inside your brain or whatever, right? So, that must mean I’m not doing anything you wouldn’t WANT me to do!”

“I do not wish to have your lips touch any part of my body,” Jesse said. “Not even when we are outside the bounds of reality. You are speaking nonsense.”

“Even if you don’t WANT it,” Julian said. “Since it happened in your dream, that means you DEFINITELY at least thought about it. Your brain makes your dreams, doesn’t it?”

“Th—That is correct,” Jesse said, flustered. He started to pace in place as his bladder convulsed more and more. “I— Simply must have been subconsciously dreading the possibility that the REAL you would attempt such a maneuver one day.”

“Oh,” Julian said. “Well, if that didn’t wake you up, let’s try something else… Like… In the real-world, we are probably very close together, aren’t we?”

“Yes, Julian,” Jesse muttered. “We rest in the same bed, as that is the only one in our possession.”

“Ah, but we could GET a second, couldn’t we?” Julian prompted. “When we got that one, we could have gotten two smaller beds for around the same cost, right? And, you could always force me to sleep on the floor— You know I’d probably do that if you commanded it. But, for some reason, you picked the large bed, and you have never even attempted to make me spend the night on the ground.”

“We live in the mountains,” Jesse said. “It is much too frigid to lay on the floor throughout the entire night.”

“Oh, so when you give a reason, it’s one that makes it sound like you care about my health,” Julian said. “Why might that be?”

“Because you’re going to be even more useless if you become ill, you absolute and total half-wit,” Jesse snapped. “Whatever it may be that you are trying to allude to, rest assured that you are incorrect. As usual.”

Julian was right at Jesse’s side again, Jesse blushed as the other watched him stomp his feet and twist around, his hands still hadn’t budged from between his legs. “Maybe your dream will let you wake up once you admit it…” he said. “You want to go pee, don’t you? You want to make it to the toilet in time?”

“I… I do wish to relieve myself, yes,” Jesse agreed. His bladder surged away within him. He bent over at the waist and dug his hands firmly into his groin. Sweat beaded up on his brow. “But, I have nothing to confess.”

“You are a serial killer,” Julian said. “I think there’s a lot to confess…”

“You—“ Jesse gnashed his teeth together. “You know that isn’t what I was referring to!”

“Ah, so you DO realize what I’m trying to make you say!”

“N—No,” Jesse insisted. He twisted around, pressure mounting in his core. His entire body felt full, bloated and overtaxed. In the real word, he was probably twisting around in the sheets so much they were getting tangled. He was probably kicking the Hell out of Julian every time he turned. Served the moron right, it was what he deserved for having such an irritating doppelgänger in Jesse’s dream.

“If you admit it, you might wake up…” Julian said again.

“I will not, because I don’t like you!” Jesse snarled. “You— You— You drive me— You drive me up a wall. You dimwitted imbecile!”

“Hm, looks like that didn’t work…” Julian said. “You’re still here… How much longer do you think you can hold it?”

“If you keep this up, the real version of YOU is going to get wet too, you realize?”

“Why would that be?” Julian asked. “Is it maybe because you’re cuddling against me?”

“N—No,” Jesse said. “Th—The mountains. We live in the mountains. The temperatures are very low, bitingly cold. I get… Chilly easily. So, if we are even within an inch of one another right now, that would be the sole reason for it. I— Ahhh—haaa…” Jesse hissed through his teeth as his bladder gave a thunderous lurch and he nearly let it all go right then and there.

“You are running out of time…” Julian noted. “Better hurry up.”

“I… I get my sheets damp every night,” Jesse said. “Why should I obey your whims to avoid it this time? I have grown used to it.”

“You still want it to stop,” Julian said. “You hate wetting your bed so often.”

“I— I do despise it,” Jesse agreed. “But, there is nothing I can do about the situation.”

“There might be, at least for tonight…”

“Ah— I’ll… I’ll restrain my urges until I wake up,” Jesse decided. “I—“ He bit down on his lip when he felt a pulse of urine seep out. He was sure THAT had happened in the real world too. He felt it too clearly, the damp warmth of his release, the eagerness of his bladder to let the rest out. He didn’t know how much time was left until morning, when his body would hopefully wake up of its own accord. “I… I…”

“Yes, Jesse?”

“You are… I… I tolerate you, alright?” Jesse blurted out. “I can put up with having you in my presence.”

Jesse didn’t wake up. His bladder boiled and surged. His sphincters grew weak and another dribble spurted out.

“Err,” Julian made a noise like a gameshow buzzer. “Nope. Try again.”

“Fine…” Jesse huffed. This was… This was just a dream. Nothing he did here mattered. Nothing he did here would have consequences. He could say whatever he wanted here and none of it would follow him after he’d woken up!

But, then it would be in his brain. It would stay there. This… Realization. This realization that wasn’t so much a realization as it was an acknowledgement. An acknowledgement of something Jesse wanted to stay buried.

He loved Julian.

He didn’t want to… He didn’t want to have sex with Julian. He’d never wanted that with anybody, the thought made him feel sick to his stomach almost. But, he wanted to spend every day of his life with Julian. And Julian loved him too. Julian loving him was, at first, just a tool to get the other to go along with whatever Jesse wanted, but somehow Jesse had come to return those feelings.

It was a shock to his senses. He knew he was CAPABLE of loving another person. He’d loved his Mother, anyway, so the necessary wires were at least THERE in his head. But, how had he managed to end up loving an utter twit like Julian?!

It was beneath him!

“You’ve figured it out, haven’t you?” Julian asked him. “Say it.”

“I… I… I am… In love with you,” Jesse said.

“There we go,” Julian said. “I bet you’ll be getting up any minute now…”

Jesse did blink himself awake a few seconds later.

Immediately, he was feeling between his legs, but a moment later when he registered the immense pressure against his urethra, he realized he’d actually managed to wake up before his sheets got wet…Wait. He’d ACTUALLY managed to wake up before his sheets got wet! He’d done it! Finally!

But, he could feel the pee trembling right at the very edge of dripping out and he needed to press his hands very firmly against himself to keep it where it was. When he did that, he felt there WAS actually a little bit of dampness between his thighs. Not a lot. Definitely not the catastrophic drenching he usually woke up with.

The problem now was that he wasn’t so sure if he could drag himself to the toilet in time. He may very easily end up with wet sheets anyway! He swore he had to go even worse than he had in the basement that afternoon! “Ohhh…” he moaned involuntarily as he tried to sit up, the action causing the waistband of his pants to strangle his bladder mercilessly. He didn’t dare stop holding himself.

He had no idea how he was gonna stand up and walk down the hall like this, and he wished he’d had the foresight to sleep with an empty bottle in his bed. His bladder was splitting apart and wanted to be emptied RIGHT now.

 He reminded himself that it was SUCH a short walk to get to what he needed, and slowly, very slowly, set one foot down on the ground.

HSSS!

A jet of pee flowed forth immediately afterward and he pinched his opening shut as he scrambled all the way out of bed. He stood there, curled up on himself and gripping his dick for dear life for several seconds, breathing harshly in and out. Then, he made himself break into a run towards the restroom. He was leaking like crazy the entire way, but he thought trying to get there FAST would give him more of a chance of staying mostly-dry than taking slow, careful steps would.

He made it to the door. Relief, finally… He reached out for the knob and turned it.

But it didn’t budge.

He immediately knocked on it as loud as he could. “Julian!” he shouted at the locked door. “You ignoramus! Get out of there this instant!”

“Wha…?” Julian responded tiredly, before a slow trickle could be heard on the other side of the door.

Jesse tried not to imagine Julian sleepily sitting on the toilet, his eyes barely open as his bladder drained. He tried not to imagine the relief he must have been feeling.

“I am experiencing a cataclysmic plight, Julian!” Jesse said. “I require that room IMMEDIATELY.”

More hissing liquid, followed by a yawn. “…Y’mean y’ actually woke up in time?”

Jesse fought down the embarrassment as he confirmed that yes, he had.

“Okay,” Julian said with another yawn. “Well, I’ll be done in a minute. Sorry, woke up bursting.”

Jesse danced in place, certain Julian could not have woken up as desperate for the toilet as he had. Jesse kept alternating between gripping his crotch and trying to pull the waistband of his pants away from his bladder. He wished he had a third hand! He felt more drips spilling out with each passing second, and the sound of Julian’s stream splashing into the bowl was NOT helping him at all.

Then, finally, he heard the toilet flush.

“Hurry!” Jesse demanded. “Hurry up! I’m— It’s really dire, I’m about to—“

The door finally opened and Julian stumbled out, “Alright already, jeez. It’s all yours.”

Jesse hurried in, yanking at his pajama pants as he went. He allowed them to fall around his ankles as he aimed his leaking dick at the bowl and allowed his aching muscles to surrender to the ocean inside his body. “Haaahhhh…..” Pee flowed forth in a long, heavy stream, sloshing loudly into the bowl.

He heard snickering.

His eyes popped open, and he realized he hadn’t shut the door… And he’d been so eager to go that he’d just dropped his pants all the way to the ground since it was quicker than unbuttoning them. Julian was watching him void relentlessly with his posterior exposed…

“Cease your infernal laughter!” Jesse snarled. “And stop spectating!”

“You— You just—“ Julian laughed more. “You look like a toddler, pissing like that!”

Jesse didn’t know what in the world his dream had been on about. He HATED that little pissant with every fiber of his being!

“Aw, Jesus… I’m sorry Jesse,” Julian said. “You just look silly, that’s all… And, holy fuck, how long are you gonna piss for?”

Jesse frowned. His bladder still felt pretty full to him… “That is no concern of yours.”

“Seriously, Jesse,” Julian said. “That’s a CRAZY amount, I’m just IMPRESSED it didn’t all end up in the bed.”

“SILENCE!” Jesse barked. And he most definitely didn’t feel GOOD about Julian sort of… ‘praising’ him for keeping the sheets dry! Not at all!

Jesse finally finished after nearly two minutes, and sighed again as he pulled his pants back up. He turned to the sink, scowling in the mirror back at Julian. “Did you NEED to watch through the full duration like that?”

“No,” Julian shrugged.

“Then, WHY—“

“I was just curious how much was gonna come out.”

“You say that as if it’s normal…”

“You say THAT as if you don’t torture people in your basement!”

Jesse slowly walked back to the bed and laid down. His dream was completely wrong. He did NOT love Julian. Not the teeniest, tiniest bit.

*006*2022-11-25 00:39

Written for the Omovember prompt "Peeing Into A Container".

***

When a clap of thunder tore through the morning sky, Jesse woke up. He was far less successful than he had been the day before. He felt the wet squelch of his soaked pajama bottoms and the cold puddle laying beneath him. The rain outside was really coming down, hissing violently. That sound had probably been a factor in his accident. He groaned, lifted up the sheets. He’d stayed on top of his protective cover, so none of his liquids had stained the bed.He still really needed to change, though.

Julian was already awake, and Jesse ignored him as he got out of bed and stripped out of his damp clothes. He briefly registered that his accomplice was fidgeting, but ignored that. It wasn’t important. The idiot was probably uncomfortable because he’d forgotten how to blink or something equally as asinine.

Julian watched as Jesse got changed, and he rubbed the back of his neck. “Uh… Maybe just keep the wet ones on,” he suggested.

“And for what purpose would I do that?” Jesse muttered under his breath. A flash of lightning bolted from outside, and the way it lit up the room made Jesse look even more irritated than usual.

Julian jiggled on the spot. “Uhh… Because… Er… Last night, I couldn’t sleep, and so I started thinking of ways someone could escape from the basement. And I thought, maybe if they had a wire coat hanger, they could push it out from underneath the door and hit the button to unlock it from the other side. But, I didn’t know if that would work, so I decided to test it out, and see if I could hit the lock button for the bathroom with an un-bent wire hanger, and—“

“Julian, is the bathroom door locked from the inside right now?”

“… What happens if I say ‘yes’?”

Jesse just stared at him. “I— I do not even know where to begin with you right now. First of all, how would one of our victims manage to untie themselves to get to the door to start with?”

“Uh…”

“We tested the ropes not too long ago,” Jesse reminded. “If I couldn’t escape from them with as hard as I was fighting, no one else can. Second, where would they obtain a wire coat hanger from?”

“Well…”

“Third, even if our victim was able to get out of the ropes and find a coat hanger in this fantasy-land you’ve constructed, the alarm would go off the second the door opened and we would both be there to handle the breach.”

“Oh, right—“

“Finally, what would possess you to attempt this little experiment upon the restroom door if you were not one hundred percent certain you’d be able to get it unlocked again afterwards?”

“I— I thought I knew where the key was!” Julian stammered. “Just in case! I was sure it was in our nightstand, but it wasn’t there!”

Jesse pulled on a new pair of dry pants and zipped them. “I suggest you relocate it, then. Otherwise, after you inevitably soil yourself, I will be forcing you to remain in your sodden clothing for the remainder of the day.”

Julian grumbled as he threw the nightstand drawer open again. “Yeah, well the joke’ll be on you, ‘cause you’ll have to smell me…”

“What was that?”

“Nothing, Jesse…” Julian kept pawing through the nightstand. He thought about arguing further, pointing out that it would be easier to find things if Jesse cleaned up every once in a while. He didn’t want to push his luck anymore, though. He still didn’t know if Jesse was serious about making him wander around in pissed pants all day if he were to have an accident.

Was he gonna have an accident? He’d eventually fallen asleep after his experiment with the door, and had woken up once needing to go, only to remember the toilet wasn’t available anymore. All of that was still in him, and the rest of his morning pee was trapped as well. He did seriously need to go, but felt confident he could wait longer. Still, he didn’t really WANT to wait… “I’m gonna go piss outside,” Julian announced.

“You aren’t,” Jesse corrected.

“Yes I am,” Julian said. “I have to go!”

“Julian, are you somehow missing the typhoon outside?” Jesse asked. “You go out there, and you’ll get executed by a bolt of lightning.” He folded his arms. “So, by all means, go put yourself out of MY misery if you wish, but I still wouldn’t advise it.”

Julian sighed. Jesse was right, it was dangerous to go outdoors right now. He knew Jesse was trying to tell him to stay safe, in his own… special way. Julian kept searching for the key.

About an hour passed before Jesse’s bladder started to act up. And, like always, it did not come on gradually. It instead came all at once, pressure slamming into him and making him cross his legs. “Oooh…” he winced. Why did it work like this for him!? He’d felt fine five seconds ago! Where did all this pee even COME from? It felt like it had all just been teleported into him from some outside source!   If he didn’t know better, he’d swear Julian had somehow transported all of his urine into him out of spite. Not only was that completely impossible, but Julian was also still squirming around as he lifted the couch cushions in search of the key.

Jesse’s hips swayed as he joined Julian in the squirming. He tried to think dry thoughts, and to put the idea of emptying his bladder out of his mind. This didn’t work, the sharp point of need pressing against his opening demanded his full attention.

Julian turned around to look at him. “Why don’t we just call the locksmith to fix the door?”

“Julian…” Jesse sighed, rubbed a hand over his face. “Did you somehow manage to lose even more of your very limited supply of brain cells while I wasn’t looking?”

“Huh?”

“We have a torture chamber in our basement,” Jesse stated.

“So…?”

“So, we can’t invite people in and allow them to wander around.”

“But, he’ll just be looking at the door,” Julian shrugged. “It’ll be fine.”

Jesse groaned, “We can’t know that for sure. What if he needs a tool and assumes we have one in the basement? Then, he’ll go down there, see everything, and I’ll have to tie him down and set to work, and I would prefer not to do something so strenuous when I’m needing to micturate.”

Julian stared at Jesse’s wriggling for a moment. “O—Oh, right. Micturate means ‘piss’!”

“Yes, Julian… That is exactly what it means. Good boy,” Jesse rolled his eyes, hopping fretfully.

“And, I guess you gotta do it too now?”

Jesse wanted to slam his head into a wall. Or maybe just Julian’s head. Perhaps that would fix his brain some. “Congratulations, you have a very impeccable grasp of the obvious.”

Julian smiled, “Thank you!”

Jesse sucked in his cheeks, hissed a long breath out through his clenched teeth. “Ssssoo,” he said finally. “It would seem we are not going to be able to find that key in time.”

Julian shrugged. “Eh, I mean, I gotta go bad. But, I can probably hang on a couple more hours, I think.”

Jesse’s bladder flipped over on itself at the thought of hours. When it was full, it was FULL, and it didn’t have ‘hours’ to wait. He crossed his legs around the other way and dug his nails into his thighs. “That is quite wonderful for you, Julian. However, I am experiencing quite the urgent situation now.”

“Seriously? You didn’t even NEED to go when you got up!” Julian said. “And, I’ve seen how much you piss, it’s not like you’ve got a tiny bladder.”

“My body behaves in strange ways at times,” Jesse said. “But, that is not of your concern. Fetch me my sharpest blade, I’ll handle this.”

“Um… Jesse,” Julian said. “I know I’m a few sandwiches short of a full deck—“

“Mixing up your idioms there, idiot—“

“—But even I don’t think you can STAB the door open,” Julian finished.

“I merely need to gouge a large enough hole to fit my hand through,” Jesse explained. “Then I can unlock the door from the other side.”

“And then we have a big hole in the bathroom door forever,” Julian said.

“We are the only two that use it,” Jesse pointed out. He knew this wasn’t one of his better ideas, it was going to make an awful mess, and he’d probably get splinters fitting his hand through the hole, but his bladder was urging him to latch onto anything that offered even the smallest hope for relief.

“Really, Jesse,” Julian said. “If you think the key’s a lost cause, you’re really good at pick—“

“Wait, hold on,” Jesse said. “I am a master at lock-picking, all we need to find is a paper-clip. See, Julian? There’s a brilliant idea.”

“Er… Yeah. Glad you thought of it…” Julian said. Hopefully, a paper-clip would be easier to find than the key had been.

As Jesse waited for Julian to return with the clip, his bladder rapidly expanded. He could hardly believe he was this full already, considering the ocean he’d pumped into his pajamas during the night. He should have been throughly wrung dry after gushing all THAT out. Apparently, though, his bladder ALWAYS had more to give, whether he actually had a place to give it TO or not.

 Jesse impatiently bobbed in place. How long did it take to find a stupid paper-clip? If HE was searching for it, it would have been retrieved by now! He should go show Julian how it was done… Except, well… Jesse couldn’t exactly move around too well at the moment. His bladder was cradled painfully between his hip bones, and the little jiggly motions that he couldn’t help performing were bouncing it in a way that was just painful. Walking needed to be kept to an absolute minimum until he’d managed to get himself empty.

He wanted to STOP all the anxious hopping since he’d realized it wasn’t making it any easier for him to hold on. It was, in fact, doing the opposite; Sloshing the contents of his desperately full bladder and making the liquid crash down hard against his sphincters. Except, every time Jesse managed to hold still for a second, he’d begin subconsciously jiggling again a second later, and then he was back to hopping up and down not long after that.

A surge of heat bloomed down his length, scorched through his urethra and soaked painfully into the dry pants he’d JUST put on. He doubled over and gnashed his teeth, hands tucking themselves against his groin for some badly needed support. He felt another leak right at the very edge of spilling forth, his squeezing grew tighter and tighter, and he couldn’t let go, he really couldn’t… The sound of the rain outside wasn’t helping at all! He wished he could stab all the clouds and make them shut up!

“Jesse!” Julian said happily. “Found a paper-clip!”

Jesse’s eyes opened, he stared at the clip in Julian’s hand. “G—Great,” he breathed out, surprised by the honesty in his tone.

Julian was staring at him, “Oh, wow… It got bad while I was gone, huh?”

“S—Silence…” Jesse ordered. “I do not need your commentary. Give me the paper-clip.”

Julian held it out, and Jesse reached for it, a spurt shooting in to his boxers the second he’d released one of his hands from his dick. His hand darted back into position, pressing away. “Ahhh—-!”

“Can you not move your hands?” Julian asked.

Jesse shook his head. “I— I’m afraid that I begin to… Experience a slight lack of control, if I—“

“You’re peeing yourself a little?”

Jesse said nothing, but his blush was all the answer Julian needed.

“That’s okay! I’ll pick the lock!” Julian stared at the paper-clip for a second, then tried to shove it into the key-hole.

“J—Julian…” Jesse grunted. He felt like the piss was already in his dick, ready to slide out… A drip oozed forth into his boxers, and then another. “Y—You absolute buffoon—“

Julian grinned. “Be nice, or maybe I won’t help…”

“Ah—!” Jesse squeezed his eyes shut and stomped his feet. He supposed he could be— He shuddered from a lot more than just desperation— ‘nice’, if it got him some relief. “Julian, you… Remarkable human being, I am afraid you must unbend the paper-clip first.”

Julian followed Jesse’s instructions, until he was left with a long, thin wire. “Okay!” he said, shoving it into the key-hole and turning it. Nothing happened, of course.

Jesse watched Julian’s feeble progress. “Th—That’s not—“ A long, long stream of pee slicked its way down Jesse’s right leg, and it took over three seconds of painful contorting and squeezing to make it stop. And then he was dripping more, and it just wouldn’t end. His eyes shot wide open as the icy realization that he couldn’t hold it struck him. “Ahh— I— I must— Wait here!” he exclaimed, rushing off.

He went to the kitchen, looking every which way for something— ANYTHING— that would suffice for his horrid situation. A— A bottle— He needed—

He tore the fridge door open. There were some full water bottles— He’d have to empty those before he could— He’d explode if he had to watch water pour down the sink, he needed—

There was also a mostly empty milk jug, it was almost down to the dregs. It was a gallon jug, so even with the little bit of milk in there, there was PROBABLY enough room— He was already unzipping his pants.

“Jesse, who the fuck pisses in a fridge?” Julian asked, standing in the kitchen doorway, wide-eyed as Jesse unzipped himself in front of the fridge.

“I’m NOT,” Jesse snapped, reaching for the milk jug now and uncapping it. He held it at crotch-level and fished out his dribbling penis. He registered how small the opening on the jug was when his stream exploded out of him and quite a bit ran down the plastic sides and over his hand, he gasped and panted ecstatically, hardly caring about the little misfire as he corrected himself.

“Oh, come on, at least empty it the rest of the way first…” Julian groaned. “I was gonna drink that…”

“Silence…” Jesse breathed, relief flowing all over him as his urine jetted into the jug. It produced an extremely loud rattling noise as it splashed into the hard plastic receptacle. It was loud enough to overpower the storm outside. “Ahhhh…”

Julian squirmed, seeing Jesse go was reminding him of how full he still was. He swayed from foot to foot. “Almost done?” he asked, hopeful that Jesse would pick the lock on the door once he was finished.

Jesse shook his head, eyes closing gently and mouth falling slack. “N—Not even close…” he said.

“Could you hurry?” Julian requested. “I still have to—“

“It is your fault I needed to restrain myself for so long this morning,” Jesse interrupted. “You get to wait now.” His stream slowed for a second; Pee drooled from his tip, flowing steadily into the ocean he’d already let out. Then, his release increased in its speed again, hissing and sloshing and making him shiver so much he almost dropped the jug on the floor. He held onto it tight and managed to prevent a catastrophic mess.

At last, he was done, and the jug was looking pretty full. He hadn’t gotten it up to the top, but he’d managed to increase the water-level to a little beyond the half-way point. He set it onto the table.

Julian cringed, both because Jesse had decided to place it against a surface they ATE off of, and because he would have preferred to go his entire life without knowing what pee mixed with milk looked like.

“Ahhh…” Jesse sighed again, tucking his member back into his slightly damp pants and zipping them.

Julian scowled, crossing his legs. “Better now?”

“Yes, much relieved,” Jesse replied. He yawned. “I think I need more sleep n—“

“Jesse, no! Pick the lock, please? I need to go, too!”

Jesse shrugged. “Use the jug. It is your own fault this is happening.”

Julian looked at the jug. “There’s not enough room left in it now!”

“Pour it out down the sink.”

“That’s— We wash food in that sink, Jesse!”

“Ah. Well then, I suppose you are going to have to restrain your bladder until I feel more up to handling the—“

Julian grabbed Jesse, “If you don’t pick the lock for me, I am going to pour that jug out over your head! And then, I’ll get rid of the paper-clip so you can’t shower after!”

Jesse patted Julian on the top of the head. “You wouldn’t do that…”

“Try me.”

Jesse sighed, “Oh, alright,” he said. “I guess you have had enough punishment now.” He took the paper-clip from Julian, and then he had the door open in a matter of minutes.

Julian rushed in and unloaded his bladder, moaning happily to himself, the door still wide open.

“You know, you could have shut the door,” Jesse pointed out.

“You just pissed in the middle of our kitchen,” Julian reminded. “Oh, God… This feels good!”

“It was your decision to watch me do that.”

“… You’re watching NOW!”

Jesse faced the other way. “I’m not any longer,” he said. He turned back around, now staring at Julian again. “Also, if you ever mess with the lock again, you are going to receive a worse punishment than simply being made to restrain your urine.”

*007*2023-11-15 21:41

Written for the Omovember prompt "I Told You So".

***

Jesse could think of dozens of places he would rather be right now. The bowels of Hell, the WRONG side of his ‘operating table’, a lion’s den… Physical pain was one thing, but prolonged annoyance was quite another.

Why Julian had decided to drag him to this stupid carnival was BEYOND him. Julian KNEW he hated things like this; Things with lots of people, and noise, and people, and disgusting food, and people… Yet, Julian had insisted that they visit this place anyway. Julian insisted it would be fun. So far, it hadn’t been.

It was hot enough to melt the ever-present chill in Jesse’s body, and he was coming to realize that he hated being overheated even more than he hated being cold. It was so loud, people chattering and screaming— And not even the GOOD kind of screaming, either. No, instead it was the kind of nonsensical screaming idiots performed when they wanted to make themselves the center of attention for the entertainment of their equally moronic friends.

Jesse was also starving. There were items here that were allegedly edible, but Jesse thought that was probably a lie. None of it resembled food that was of this Earth, and Jesse was sure that one bite would shave years off his remaining life-span. Not one word in the phrase ‘deep-friend butter on a stick’ was the least bit appetizing. When Julian decided to procure this item, the sight of it was nauseating.

“Don’t they serve any food here?” Jesse asked eventually.

“Yeah,” Julian said. “Of course they do, I’ve been eating all day.”

“You have been consuming copious amounts of garbage, yes,” Jesse said. “However, I would prefer something edible.”

Julian shrugged, “I think it’s tasty,” he said. “Come on, aren’t you having ANY fun?”

“Yeah,” Jesse said. “The people here really remind me of why the work I do is so important.”

“Jesse…” Julian sighed. “We’re taking the day off. You should enjoy it. Let’s play some games.”

Jesse rolled his eyes. Julian had already wasted close to a hundred dollars trying, and failing, to win a cheap plush tiger by way of hurling tennis balls at stacks of glass bottles which Jesse was PRETTY sure had been superglued together. “You do realize we need money for important things, don’t you? Like sustenance.”

“Having fun’s important,” Julian said. “I dunno what a sustenance is, but I’m sure we have enough of those at home.”

“Which reminds me, perhaps we should go there,” Jesse suggested. His stomach growled loudly.

“At least DRINK something,” Julian said. “So that you’re not totally empty.”   “Fine…” Jesse said. He doubted that the drinks could be anywhere near as revolting as the ‘food’. At the least, he knew it would be difficult for them to turn plain water into anything disgusting.

He was wrong. The demons working this place had somehow devised a way to deep-fry water into some grotesque little round nuggets. The biggest mystery was not HOW they had done it, but WHY.

Julian got him a cup of lemonade, which Jesse sampled and found satisfactory. It was just normal lemonade, no special ‘additions’ designed to send people to an early grave… Come to think of it, maybe Jesse should get some of the recipes used here, even if he had no intention of ever eating any of them.

The lemonade tasted good, and it made Jesse feel better to have SOMETHING inside his stomach, so he kept drinking it, and even re-filled the cup a few times before Julian finally decided that he’d had enough and was ready to leave.

“It is about time,” Jesse said. “How you have managed to stay entertained for this long is beyond me.”

They headed towards the exit. Just beside it, they passed by a row of portable toilets “Wait, hang on,” Julian said. “I should pee before we leave.” Eyeing the once-more empty cup in Jesse’s hands, he added “You should too. Those cups are big, and you re-filled it, like, four times.”

Jesse felt no need to relieve himself, especially if doing so would require him to use a portable toilet. He’d been disgusted enough for one day, he didn’t need first-hand knowledge of the havoc the revolting carnival food wreaked on a person’s digestive tract. He was aware that it would take them a while to get home, but his bladder felt perfectly fine. Even when he rubbed a hand over his lower belly to make sure, he didn’t feel much there. Maybe a small throb, but nothing to be concerned by.

“That is quite unnecessary, Julian,” Jesse said.

Julian gave him a skeptical look, “You always say that,” he pointed out. “Are you sure?”

“I am sure,” Jesse sighed. “Now, make haste. I want to get home.”

Jesse waited off to the side as Julian went to relieve himself. His stomach growled again. He was so hungry that he doubted he’d be able to feel anything else. No matter how full his bladder got, his desire for food would continue to outweigh it, to block it out. He saw no reason to worry about making it home in time. He was more likely to pass out from starvation than he was to wet his pants.

When Julian returned several minutes later, Jesse grumbled at him to hurry up once again. He was beyond done with this place. He needed food, his bed, and something to deal with the enormous headache he was now enduring.

Unfortunately, his wait was far from over. This asinine carnival wasn’t close to their house. They’d have to reach the bus stop, endure a couple hours on board it, then walk the last couple blocks home. Hopefully Jesse could endure that without his head exploding from the ungodly pulses firing through it.

He felt a little better once they’d left the carnival and all its noises behind. His throbbing headache faded slightly, at the exact moment something ELSE started to throb instead.

Why…

He’d felt absolutely ZERO need for the facilities a few minutes ago, and now his bladder was searing. Why did this always happen? Why couldn’t it give him a little bit of WARNING, like other people’s bladders seemed to do for them?! He had to go really badly all of the sudden!

They passed a few stores along the way to the bus stop, stores which Jesse knew would have restrooms. His bladder tried to persuade him to stop at each one, urging him NOT to try holding it all the way home, when his need was already so pressing.

However, urinating now would give Julian the opportunity to say “I told you so.” Julian didn’t GET to say that to Jesse very often, and he relished every chance he had, taking so much delight in it that he’d continue to bring it up weeks after the fact. “Jesse, remember that one time that I was right, and you were wrong?”

Jesse supposed that, since it was so RARE for Julian to be correct about anything, it only made sense for him to be proud of the rare occasions that he actually was. But, Jesse didn’t want to grant him that joy.

Luckily, it was very easy for Jesse to come up with an excuse that wouldn’t necessitate him admitting that his vexatious bladder had decided to sneak up on him again. “Alright,” he said. “Seeing as we are passing by facilities that aren’t quite so heinously ghastly, I suppose I WILL relieve myself before we head home.”

Julian gave him an odd look, “But, you can’t,” he said.

“You intend to stop me?” Jesse quirked a brow. “The bus comes every twenty minutes, if you recall. We won’t be stranded.”

“It’s not that,” Julian shrugged. “It’s just, you know, the stores aren’t open today ‘cause of the carnival.”

Jesse finally noticed that the lights were off inside the buildings they were walking by. Feeling his face heating, he scoffed, “I— I knew that! I was planning to pick the lock.”

“Just to pee?” Julian asked. “If you gotta go THAT bad, we should just go back, and you can—“

“I don’t need to go THAT bad,” Jesse insisted. “I can wait until we arrive at home.”

Julian eyed him up and down, and Jesse paid careful attention to the way he was standing. Apart from his legs being pressed together a little too closely, he didn’t think he looked desperate.

“Alright…” Julian said. “If you’re sure.”

They reached the bus stop and sat down on the bench together. Jesse’s foot was inclined to start bouncing immediately. He squeezed a hand around his knee to keep himself still. His bladder was surging, pressure radiating around the base of his cock. How much lemonade had he consumed? The cup had been humongous, he’d re-filled it so many times. He knew more of it would be arriving in his bladder soon, stretching it out further.

He tensed his thighs, squeezing and relaxing his muscles rhythmically. Such a subtle motion was unlikely to be noticed by his companion, but the pressure nipping at his tip was making him desire to move around much more.

Just as Jesse was starting to think that a nearby bush could use a good watering, more people started to gather at the bus stop, nixing that option completely. He pictured himself getting booked for public urination, and the arresting officers discovering his more serious crimes once he was on their radar. He intended to go down in history as one of the most brutal serial killers to ever live, for his torture methods to strike fear into all who learned of them for generations to come. The last thing he wanted was to forever be known as the serial killer that was only caught thanks to a desperate need to micturate.

He could hold it.

The bus arrived and Jesse stood, his bladder protesting the motion with a few hearty throbs that forced his thighs to grind together. ‘Restraint,’ Jesse told himself. Julian was not allowed to discover how much he needed to go.

Once they were both on board, Julian turned to Jesse and asked “Didn’t you have at least a LITTLE fun today?”

Jesse sighed, “That one man we saw getting off the Tilt-a-Whirl regurgitated his stomach’s contents for one hundred and thirty two consecutive seconds before getting back in line to ride again,” he said. “I suppose that was mildly fascinating.”

Julian frowned, “That’s the only part you liked?”

“I did not say I enjoyed it,” Jesse corrected. “If anything, it left me feeling quite perplexed. Why would a person CHOOSE to board such a ride after consuming so many grotesque ‘food’ items? Do they find merriment in making themselves ill?”

“I dunno man,” Julian said. “That ride was so cool, though! It went so fast, I couldn’t tell which way was up by the time it was over! Almost barfed all over myself, too, it was awesome! You should have tried it!”

Jesse sighed. As the bus lurched forwards, his bladder lurched along with it, dragging his attention back towards an issue that was far more pressing than Julian’s immense idiocy. They were seated towards the back of the bus, which ensured Jesse felt each bump in the road very clearly. The liquid inside of him was getting shaken up like a soda can, splashing from side to side within his bladder and burning its aching, stretched walls.

He tensed his legs up again, trying to pinch his opening shut in between his straining thighs. His hands rested madly atop his knees, gripping them tightly to prevent them from bouncing. He recalled how long the ride OUT here had lasted, and anticipated that this journey would feel as though it were twice the length.

The bus was going to make several stops along the route, of course. Many of those stops would be near places with public toilets. Jesse supposed if his need got too extreme, he could always go during a stop rather than waiting all the way home.

He pictured himself springing up and sprinting off the bus, muttering an order for Julian to follow. “Certain pressing matters cannot be put off any longer, Julian, a break is required immediately.” Julian would follow him obediently, but he’d also laugh and say “I told you so!”

Jesse would rather hold it until his teeth began to float…

So, when the bus made its first stop, Jesse did not rise to his feet. Instead, he shut his eyes against the opened doorway, and let his ankles rub subtly together. It did nothing to quell the rising tide of his bladder. And, his brain— usually his most faithful asset— was betraying him as well. With his eyes closed, he kept envisioning himself in front of a urinal, voiding himself dry. The image was fretfully tantalizing, and it looked so real in his mind’s eye. Like, he actually WAS in a bathroom, his zip apart, letting it flow.

He snapped out of it when the bus started to move again, and shamefully flexed his thigh muscles to check for any dampness around his crotch. He was dry, thankfully. The fantasy hadn’t gotten THAT intense.

They hit another speed-bump, sending Jesse’s bladder careening upwards, until he could almost feel the pressure in the back of his throat. He anxiously crossed one leg over the other, praying that it looked casual, and not like he was trying to ward off a leak that was building up just behind his opening.

His attempts to quell the spurt failed, and a warm dribble started to bead into his boxers. He felt his tip growing hot and slick as the liquid spilled out over it. He tightened his legs and managed to staunch the dismal flow, but now the wet spot in his boxers acted as a cruel tease on his bladder— Reminding it that it had been slowly emptying just a second ago, and wouldn’t it feel nice to do that again?

Jesse adjusted his position again once he felt like he’d gotten back enough control to be able to move. His legs were wrapped around one another, thighs rubbing and hands gripping the edge of his seat.

Julian was watching him, “Maybe it’s a good thing you didn’t go on the Tilt-a-Whirl,” he decided. “You’re looking kinda sick just from the bus… You wanna get out for some fresh air next time we stop? I don’t mind if it takes longer to get home.”

Jesse glowered, but after a moment of consideration, realized Julian was being genuine. He really DID just think Jesse was car-sick. The fool was much too stupid to be subtle, so if he HAD realized that Jesse was eager for a toilet break, he would have loudly said something like; “Jesse, you gotta pee real bad, don’t you? You look like you’re gonna wet your pants any second now! Try your best to hold it until the next stop!”

Jesse shrugged in response to Julian’s offer. He did very much want to get off the bus at the next stop, but fresh air was the furthest thing from his mind. Once they got off, and Jesse mentioned that he actually just really needed the bathroom, Julian would be able to use that most dreaded phrase “I told you so.”

“I am fine, Julian,” Jesse said. “I will feel better once we reach home and I am able to eat.” His hunger had been taking a backseat to his bladder for ages now, but the emptiness in his stomach was still difficult to ignore. He wished some of the liquid in his bladder could be moved THERE. His stomach had PLENTY of room.

Ugh, his brain was broken… The lack of food was making him stupid, and the need to empty himself was just exacerbating it, speeding up his loss of brain-cells. If he didn’t urinate soon, he was probably going to turn into Julian.

The bus stopped again, and Jesse stayed where he was. His bladder was currently cramping in the throes of a major spasm, so he couldn’t have gotten up if he wanted to. His hands were resting atop his thighs now, inching closer and closer to his crotch. He knew how good a nice, long squeeze would feel, how satisfying it would be to start preventing his flood by manual means. The small ring of muscle blocking off his bladder was seriously trembling, pleading for some reinforcement.

He cringed and palmed his dick for a second when the bus resumed its path down the street. He glanced surreptitiously at Julian to make sure he hadn’t been watching, then tried to adjust his pants a little, attempting to get his waist-band to stop cutting into his bladder so relentlessly.

The next stop would be theirs, Jesse’s torment would be near its end soon.

Unfortunately, now that he was able to look out the window and see familiar sights, count off the number of blocks that were remaining, the needful surges beneath his fly were worsening at a rapid pace. And, his ability to conceal his desperation was deteriorating. That first, half-second grab at himself hadn’t been enough. He wanted— No, NEEDED— to wrap his member up in a real, firm grip. His hands just kept fluttering around his midsection, palms clammy with the desire to make contact.

He told himself he could wait, that it wouldn’t be much longer now. But, his body protested. There was just so much in him. If the pressure kept rising like it had been doing since the start of the ride, he would eventually be using his pants as a urinal. His hands finally made contact, but not with his crotch. He’d instead rested them tentatively over his lower stomach, dismayed by how hard and firm it felt. His skin was pulled taut with his massive need to pee. It was like an over-ripe melon that was about to burst open.

The weight of his hands against his bladder was like nothing he’d ever experienced before. It was like his bladder was caught in a vice. He uncrossed his legs and crossed them again in the other direction. He felt raw and vulnerable and so needy. He felt like he was being split apart. Finally, he felt a warm spot forming in his boxers, and he felt it growing steadily as he peed. He wasn’t just dribbling or leaking, he was peeing, he was letting go a thick, consistent stream, and for a second it was such a relief to be going at all that he almost didn’t react.

When he fully registered what was happening, he responded by bending over so far that his forehead brushed the edge of the seat between his knees, squeezing himself roughly with both hands. The flow was stemmed, but now his bladder was trapped in the throes of some tremendously awful spasms, and his opening felt like it had been lit on fire then rubbed in pepper flakes. He wanted to keep peeing, he wanted to continue relieving himself, he just wanted to go…

The shock of nearly losing it like that had made him temporarily forget about Julian. He remembered his companion when the idiot chose to speak, though. “Jesse, you really ARE car-sick, huh?”

Jesse was breathing heavily, every inhale a choppy gasp. He was glad he was folded over so much, Julian couldn’t see where his hands were. Julian couldn’t say ‘I told you so’. Julian couldn’t— Ah!— Jesse suddenly felt something warm and heavy moving up and down his trembling spine. It startled him enough for another squirt of pee to burst out, but once he got used to the sensation, he relaxed slightly, but only for a second.

Julian was touching him. Julian was touching him without being instructed to do so first. Furthermore, the WAY he was touching him felt far more intimate than anything Jesse was used to. Sure, sometimes they woke up pressed together since they shared a bed, but that was different, that happened accidentally while they were both asleep. This was deliberate, and Jesse wasn’t supposed to like it.

But, it was soothing him, it was calming the raging tide inside his bladder, it was making him feel more like he could actually hold it until he got home. That was probably just because the touch of another person was keeping him grounded, forcing him to stay in the moment and be aware of his surroundings, so that he didn’t lose himself to the world of desperation again. That was all it was.

“We’ll be home soon,” Julian said. “It’s okay.”

Jesse hoped so. His member now felt chafed from rubbing against his damp clothes. He wanted the toilet, a shower, some food, and some rest. He just wanted to go home, and then he’d never let Julian drag him out like this again.

Julian kept rubbing his back, all along the little knots of tension in his spine. He kept that up until the bus finally stopped again and they were able to get off. “Alright,” Julian encouraged. “We’re here, almost home. You’ll feel better once we start walking.”

Oh. Right… They still had to walk the last couple streets home. Jesse knew that he was NOT going to feel better once they’d started walking. He was going to feel a whole lot worse. Not only was he going to have to carefully plan each of his steps to avoid upsetting the precarious balance of his bladder, he was also going to have to ACT like he didn’t have to go. The huddled position he was in now allowed him to grab his crotch and squeeze it for dear life without Julian noticing. That wasn’t going to work once they were outside. If he held himself, Julian would see. Julian would know.

Jesse slowly and carefully got to his feet, hopeful that any swaying or jiggling would look more like he was still recovering from his ‘car-sickness’. Julian didn’t say anything, so he assumed it did. As he wobbled off of the bus, he no longer felt the liquid inside of him was sloshing. His bladder was likely too full for that to happen now, there was not even the smallest bit of empty space left in it now, his urine didn’t have the ROOM to slosh.

Once outside the bus, Jesse tried to walk normally. That lasted for about three seconds before his crammed to the brim bladder pulsed SO hard that he was sent doubling over, mashing his hands back against his groin. “Mmmff…” he moaned, stomping his feet against the sidewalk.

Julian watched. Of course he watched. Jesse couldn’t expect the moron to look away, to realize that Jesse might not appreciate being STARED at right now. “Do you have to use the bathroom really bad?”

Jesse rolled his eyes. Why was that even a question?! There were very few reasons he’d be clasping himself like this… Jesse couldn’t think of any other purpose his furious grasping could have— Yes, he had to use the bathroom really bad! He needed to go so much that he couldn’t breathe, and the liquid that was seeping slowly into his boxers did so little to lessen his urge that he was barely noticing it!

“I guess that’s why you were acting so funny…” Julian said.

Jesse began to walk again, still clutching himself and commanding his body to hang on until he got home. Home was just ten minutes away, but those minutes needed to move faster. He just had to get home. He was grinding against his clenched palms for all he was worth in an effort to keep his bladder plugged closed. And, Julian’s asinine comments weren’t helping. The moron could not possibly get more irksome…

“I told you so,” Julian remarked. “I told you, you should have gone before we left.”

Jesse grimaced. Julian wasn’t helping. Neither was the cool evening air that was rushing against him as he stumbled awkwardly down the sidewalk. It was awful. He needed to release his urine. It had to come out so badly. His stomach ached. He wasn’t sure if that was thanks to his tearing-apart bladder or the day’s starvation. “Silence…” he growled.

“I’m just saying…” Julian shrugged. “You must have needed to go back there, you should have just done it.”

“I had no urge…” Jesse insisted. And, he hadn’t! It wasn’t fair! Why couldn’t his bladder EVER give him a warning? He legitimately just hadn’t needed to go back at the carnival, but he sure did NOW. If he waited much longer, he wondered if he might faint from the intense pain. Some of his test subjects in the basement had done that before, and THIS agony currently tearing through him must have been approaching that level by now.

Finally, they arrived home. Jesse rushed up to the door and squirmed impatiently while he waited for Julian to unlock it. Why had he trusted that moron with the keys? If he’d managed to lose them today—

Julian hadn’t lost them, he pulled them from his pocket and shoved the house-key into the lock. He twisted it around and tried to open the door, but it wouldn’t budge. He tried again, only to be met with the same results.

Jesse danced from foot to foot. He was certain that his desperation was far worse than any person was ever meant to feel, “Julian!” He exclaimed. “Open the door at once! I— I can’t withstand the pressure much longer!”

“It won’t open!” Julian whined. “I’m trying!” He jiggled the doorknob again, and when the door STILL failed to open, Jesse had had enough.

“V—Very well, then!” Jesse snapped. Julian watched as his companion’s hands moved up to unfasten his zipper, he shuffled behind the overgrown bushes lining the front of the house, pulling his pants down and crouching behind them.

Jesse didn’t think he could be seen in this position, if he squatted, he was completely hidden by the bushes. No one on the street or the sidewalk would spot him. And, if anyone did, he intended to bark at them that this was HIS yard and he could water it however he pleased.

Julian COULD see him, though. From his vantage point on the porch, he could see back behind the bushes fairly clearly. Jesse was aware of that and shut his eyes, trying to ignore him as he released. A small trickle pattered out into the dirt. Jesse’s bladder was so full that it took him a second to even realize that it had begun to empty. He whimpered softly and pushed down, finally peeing a strong stream.

The ocean being ejected into the dirt hissed and splattered violently. It took a bit before the spray even made a dent in his bladder, and he remained stuck in a confusing mixture of desperation and relief until something in him seemed to snap and start deflating. Then, he moaned in total relief. “Ohhhh….”

Julian felt really funny watching Jesse in that moment. It was something to do with the noises he was making, the fact he was bottomless, and the exact position he was in. Crouching like that, legs spread and giving such a clear view of his dick, panting and gasping so loudly… It was kind of animalistic in a way, primitive. Very much unlike how Jesse typically behaved. His appearance now was completely contrary to his obsession with being viewed as more intelligent and superior to everyone.

It was interesting to see Jesse give in to such a human need like this…

Jesse eventually emptied out enough that, while he was still peeing ferociously, he was no longer completely dazed by his relief. He was more aware of what he was doing, and of how exposed he was. He saw Julian staring directly at his most private area and scowled. He’d been nude around Julian before, but this time Julian was more fixated on his body parts than he usually was.

When he had finally rid himself of every last drop, he stood and pulled his pants back up over his hips, concealing his groin with his hand as he did so, not that it particularly mattered anymore. He came back out from behind the bushes, “I guess if the lock is malfunctioning, we’ll have to try to go around the back.”

Julian stuffed the key into the lock again and twisted it. This time, with his mind so much clearer, Jesse was able to get a better look at what he was doing.

No… There was just no way…

“Julian, you complete and utter… Emperor of the dunces!” Jesse exclaimed. “You are turning the key the wrong way!”

“Oh…” Julian said. “Is that what’s wrong?”

Jesse tore the key from his hand, stuck it in the lock and turned it the CORRECT way. The door opened perfectly easily after that. “I need to study you,” Jesse mumbled. “I must learn how it is possible for a human to remain alive with zero functional brain cells.”

