[HSR Fanfiction] out of luck (aventurine)

Author: starlightsmoon

*000*2024-11-21 15:57

Another aventurine omo fic lmao i love this guy

This time i stuck him in a school setting with ratio as his hot teacher just to make his situation even more embarrassing for him heheh

Link to the AO3 version (must be logged in)

Actual fic below woohoo

Somehow, he had forgotten to go to the bathroom before his first class that morning. And somehow, he had not gotten a chance to go during the entire day.

Now, he was in his last class of the day and positively bursting.

Honestly, he felt kind of stupid to have gotten into such a situation.

That morning, he was occupied with keeping his catcakes busy while he tried to leave without them trying to follow him.

Once he got to the academy, he saw someone he knew and the two of them were talking until his first class was about to start.

Once the lunch break came around, he had to find one of his professors right after he had eaten and was in their office until his next class.

And thus, he had no time to use the bathroom, and the consequences were that he felt like he was going to piss himself at any moment.

Aventurine tried his hardest to not be obvious. He kept his eyes on the blackboard at the front of the class, his gaze wandering to his professor every so often, like usual. Even in his current situation, he couldn't help it; Professor Ratio was basically a Greek god. Even in that sweater of his, you could see the outline of his muscles. Positively gorgeous. His hot professor did thankfully take his mind off of his situation for a bit, however, because of that, he felt himself leak, his focus being elsewhere meaning his bladder decided it was a good time to make itself known again. His body tensed as he tried his hardest to stop the leak without giving away his predicament. As the desperation died down slightly, he looked down at the papers on his desk, barely used, empty pages where his notes should be, and frowned in frustration. Then an even stronger wave hit.

He tried to discreetly grab himself in an attempt to stop the sudden wave of desperation, staring down at his desk as he felt his cheeks burn with embarrassment. How could he let himself get in such a situation in public? And in front of Professor Ratio, of all people. He closed his eyes in an attempt to focus on holding it. There were only 10 minutes left of this class. 10 more minutes and he could go to the bathroom. 10 more minutes until he could feel that sweet relief. He balled his fist on his thigh, willing himself to hold on, to not think too much about the time, about how increasingly desperate he was getting, about how good it would feel to finally let go-

As if on cue, he felt himself leak, the warmth spreading across the front of his underwear.

Nonononono this cannot be happening-

His eyes stayed fixed on his desk, wide and panicked as he felt leak after leak escaping him. He didn't dare to look at the damage, but he was certain it had soaked into his pants by now. He was thankful they were black.

He heard the soft hiss as his leaks turned into a stream and started to drip onto the floor below him, making a puddle under his chair. His hand flew up to cover his mouth as he gasped, hearing Ratio stop talking. He heard the deafening silence around him. He felt tears well up in his eyes and drip onto the desk as the front of his pants became wetter and wetter. He could feel eyes on him; he wondered what they thought, whether they could feel the embarrassment too.

Trembling, he finally closed his eyes, attempting to shut out everything as his bladder emptied the last of its content. His tears felt hot on his cheeks, his free hand finally leaving his thigh to wipe at them. Immediately he heard murmuring between his classmates. He already attracted attention due to his appearance, and now he was going to attract more because he pissed himself in class? What a joke.

To his dismay, he felt Ratio's presence beside him, opening his eyes to the man's hand on his desk and his face closer than he would like at the moment. He wanted to be swallowed up by the earth. The scholar seeing him like this was the last thing he wanted.

Naturally, the man escorted him out of the room, promising to pelt anyone who laughed with chalk. Aventurine was thankful that the professor had such a reputation that people knew he wasn't bluffing. It didn't stop the deep, deep shame he felt knowing the man had seen him wet himself in his classroom, but the strong hand on his back as he was guided to his office was strangely comforting.

