Gove and Lexa's Bonding Moment (SFW Version)

Author: Subzerowater

*000*2021-07-02 16:04

Hey all! It has been a long time. I written 1 story a couple years back and have been lurking since then. However, now I am back and will give another short at writing again. It is a long story but I hope you will enjoy what is to come!

One day I will start writing a NSFW version with more exciting stuff included in it. However, while this story is relatively mild, it has a small bit of sexual themes in it. You have been warned!

###

Gove’s eyes opened in a dark cold room. The breeze he felt made him feel like ice, yet he was fogged by the clouds in his mind. What happened? Why am I here? As he slowly clears his fogged mind, he slowly realised the precarious situation he is in.

The 19-year-old fair skinned boy, with hair as dark as shadow itself, was restrained by rope. His hands rested uncomfortably on the back of the chair, and his legs were spread as wide as an eagle, with the only thing covering him is a piece of white underwear obscuring his penis. Speaking of penises, Gove suddenly remembered a need, a dire need that can be embarrassing if not taken care off.

“Hey! You are finally awake!”

Gove looked up and saw a sight he could never believe. It was someone he was close to, and someone he wants to take the extra step with. A pure innocent 19-year-old girl still wearing her cute pink spectacles but stripped down to her pure white bra and panties and in the same position as Gove.

“Do you know what happened? Why are we here?”

“Lexa, I am glad you are ok. How are you feeling?”

Both sat still in their cold hard chairs, stunned by what was happening. Neither replied to each other’s questions… at least for a while.

Lexa was the first to understand the situation. She and a few of her friends were just chilling at Flemy’s house. It was a stinging time with talks about boys, girls, life, future, and games. Gove was there too, just quietly sipping his drink and not taking much part in the conversation, yet such behaviour piqued the eyes of Lexa who found him to be … well … “cute”.

That was when the hammer hit her head. She and Gove were the last visitors in Flemy’s house. Flemy offered both one last drink before heading home ( with a totally not mischievous smile). Well, anyone with a mind can piece together what happened after she drank it.

“damn you Flemy. What is your game here?” muttered Lexa under her breath.

“Lexa, I think I know what happened,” said the bound Gove.

“Yea, she was behind all of it” replied Lexa with a pouting face.

Lexa had mixed feelings. She was near a guy that would raise her temperature every time they got close yet seeing him in this situation gave her some weird powerful feeling tough, she is in the same situation as well. They chatted for a while about various topic. It was heart-warming, but Lexa also had to deal with an issue she would rather not let Gove know.

Of course, there is only so much they could do to hide their secrets. Both began to rock back and forth during their conversation. Without the use of hands or legs, they can only use their hips and muscles to keep the situation under control. Their eyes suddenly met in their efforts and turned their faces as red as tomato.

“So, uh how are you doing? You have been moving around a lot,” asked Gove with a pinch of concern.

“Uh… you know… I am doing fine” replied Lexa shyly. “You don’t look so good yourself,” she continued with a more mischievous smile.

“Oh me? Nah I am doing good,” responded Gove. “You know… you are quite beautiful like this”.

Lexa heart starting racing. Her face warms up and helps offset the chilling breeze. She did not say anything, tough her smile told Gove how she felt. This back-and-forth conversation continued for a while. Suddenly, she saw Gove making a lot of movements.

“ahhhh hahh ahhh”

“Gove! Are you ok?”

“ahhh!!! No, a bit came out..ha..ha”

Seeing Gove’s white underwear becoming darker caused a spam in Lexa. She too had to make a lot of muscle movements.

“Ah noo, Gove! That sound! Ahhhh”

Both did manage to stop their flows. It was not too bad, and their undergarments just became slightly darker. You can see 1 dot on Lexa’s panties and about 3 on Gove’s underwear. The differences of colour were extremely obvious. Lexa however, observed something interesting.

“ haaah… that was close aren’t it for both of us”

“It was your fault!” yelled Lexa playfully. “Besides… uh… you want to look down a bit”

“Huh? Why?”

“It has... gotten bigger”.

Gove did not need to look down to understand what Lexa meant. Seeing her in such a position with just bra and panties, with her wetting it fired all the neurons in Gove’s brain. Gove was in a really bad situation and will most likely wet himself first but seeing this wonderful sight might change the victor of the game.

“This… turns you on… doesn’t it?” asked Lexa.

“No point hiding anymore. Yea, this kind of thing turns it on. It’s called omo- “

“I know. I like this kind of stuff too, and so does Flemy now I think about it.”

Both are at their limit, but Gove’s hard and grown penis stopped the flow of urine in him. Lexa on the other hand, did not have such blessing with her vagina. Slowly but surely, Lexa’s panties become darker slowly and slowly until….

“Ahh ahh!!!! I cannot hold it anymore! Ahh!” struggled Lexa as she was violently moving her hips.

“Please! Don’t look! Ahh! I cannot hold it! I CAN’T HOLD IT!!!!!”

“PSSSSSHHHHSSSHSHSHSHSHSHSSHH”

Lexa had completely lost it. Her panties became damp and wet. The liquid flowing from her chair to the floor made a noise unlike any other. Her breathing slowly calmed down, after 3 minutes, only silence and a very wet Lexa remains.

Gove’s underwear did become wetter too, but with something stickier. Even tough he did not have his hands; this was still too stimulating for his penis. He could only stare, as this was heaven to him.

“haaah. I am sorry! I am so sorry! I hope you didn’t look!” teared Lexa.

“I am sorry, but I did.”

“This is so embarrassing!”

“No, this was the most beautiful thing I ever seen in my life,” comforted Gove.

Gove’s heavenly moment was short lived. His penis became smaller not long after, and his urine was stimulated once more begging to exit through the tip of it.

“oh no. oh no. oh no.”

Lexa saw Gove wiggling his bum around on his dry chair.

“no. It is coming out! I cannot stop it! Ahhh! Shit! No! NOOOOO!”

"PSSSSHSSSSHSHSHSHHSSSSSHSHHSHST"

And with that, Gove too sustained the same fate, only that some of the urine got onto himself due to the direction his penis was facing. Lexa took in the sounds, the flow of liquid and the sight of it. She memorised every single detail, for she may never get the chance to do so again. If her hands were not bound so tightly, she might had started touching herself.

“I am Sorry Lexa. I never imagine I as a grown up would piss myself” whimpered Gove with this time him crying.

“Don’t worry. Just as you said. This was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. We both wet ourselves, so we are even now eh?”

“all right you lovebirds! This was so exciting to watch! Thank you for your kind attention!”

An unknown voice came across the room, followed by the appearance of a slightly older girl with red hair with a camera. She was Lexa’s height; tough her cannons were much bigger.

“Flemy! What have you done!” yelled Lexa angrily.

“oh, chipper up Lexa! I was sick of both of you acting willy nilly with each other and not making any progress. It makes my heart break you know?” answered Flemy with stars sparkling all over her.

“So, you drugged us, brought us down here and tied us up? You are evil you know that” sighed Gove who already knew Flemy’s eccentric troll personality.

“Bingo! Furthermore, I even recorded this entire conversation both of you had! Awwwww this is so cute! I will make sure to send it to you!”

“What do you want? What have we done to you?” questioned Lexa, fearing for the worst. Did she do anything to her? Did Flemy want revenge? Was it Gove’s fault they were in this situation?

“Nothing! As I said I wanted a way to ‘bond’ both of you together. Get it? Just like how you are in ‘bondage’ right now! HAHAHA!”

“Cringe Flemy, cringe.” Sighed Gove again.

“Aw don’t be like that. I will let you go, and I will send the video to both of you as a memento to remember. Maybe both of you can do some other sexy stuff together after watching your video in bed. Ah don’t worry, I promise I will keep this a weeny secret between us!”

“we are not –“

“Anyways that is all for today. I hoped you had fun. Nah I know you did! I will let you folks off now. Enjoy your holidays while it lasts. I know I did!”

*15 years later*

“Mama. How did you and dad get together?”

“Dear sweety, you are still too young for that. I promise to tell you tough when you get older”.

“Promise?”

“Promise!”

