Power Rangers fanfic

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2017-07-29 20:58

As a kid, I loved Power Rangers and always wanted to be one--especially getting beaten up while suited up. I don't know why I have this kink, but oh well! Anyway, special thanks to @Donuts_are_omo for giving me a few ideas with the story. As thanks, she's the Pink Ranger and I am the Blue Ranger. Enjoy!

It was another sunny, hot and beautiful day in Angel Grove. School has been cut short for two weeks as students concentrated on their extra-curricular activities to help boost their college applications.

The five teen-aged Power Rangers were no exception—when not dawning their flashy power suits and summoned to fight off hordes of monsters, they lived mostly normal lives:

Brandon was the Red Ranger—the leader of the group. His sense of justice and willpower made him a natural leader, as well as an excellent martial arts instructor. He was at Angel Grove Dojo, teaching a basic self-defense class.

Samantha was the Yellow Ranger—her patience and virtue propelled her position in the group as a “mother-like” figure for the group—everyone in the group has confided their issues with her at least once. She often did community outreach—in preparation for summer, she led a team of volunteers to clean up the beach.

Henry was the Blue Ranger. Though a bit shy, his intelligence and ability to analyze situations has helped his team get through many tough situations. He usually tutors other students, but as the school is letting students work on their extra-curriculars, he is enjoying his pasttime of cycling.

Sarah was the Pink Ranger—cheerful and playful and always being the optimist. Never afraid to reach out a helping hand, her time is occupied lately by being team captain of Angel Grove High’s volleyball team, representing the school in the state competition.

Axem was the Black Ranger. The cool one of the group, he is the most outgoing and partier. However, he would drop everything if someone was in trouble. He was invited to be a guest at Angel Grove’s local radio for an upcoming dance competition that he is teaching.

Unfortunately, Lord Zedd has taken note of the Rangers’ lives lately. In an uncharacteristic move to be more of a strategist, he held off on constantly bombarding the Rangers with monsters to wear them out. The battles were always back and forth. The Power Rangers seemed a powerful foe as a team, so this time Lord Zedd decided to pick off the Rangers one by one.

With three of the five Rangers out of the immediate area, Zedd took his gamble and decided to attack the Blue and Pink Rangers.

Lord Zedd cast his spell to create Tentus—an octopus-like monster who’s main ability is to instill fear with its Phobia Ink. Its freightening appearance gave even Lord Zedd’s henchmen the creeps—it’s white, pupiless eyes, jet-black tentacles, decaying flesh and odor would remind anyone of death. Lord Zedd ordered Tentus to attack Angel Grove park, where Henry was cycling nearby and where Sarah was workout out at the gym.

It was about 3 P.M.—the sun was out and it seemed like everyone who did not need to be indoors were outside enjoying themselves. Henry had already cycled for almost two hours at a steady pace—he was working on endurance today, but that didn’t mean he didn’t hydrate. He had already drank two cups of water before he started cycling and another 2 liters during. In fact, Henry decided to end his cycling session because his bladder has been aching for the past thirty minutes. As the blue ranger, he was true to his color—he was wearing a mostly blue and black cycling skinsuit.

He knew the spandex could absorb and wick away some moisture and sweat, but not a full fledged accident. He’s had a few close calls before—sometimes he would overdo it and ignore the call of nature. But the bumps on the road do not mix well with a full bladder—there were only a couple of times where a small leak or stream burst out, but nothing he couldn’t control. Henry slowly dismounted his bike carefully, catering to his aching bladder. As soon as he stood up straight, the weight of gravity seemed to really pull down on his bladder. Henry grunted a bit—he still had to lock up his bike before going inside the Angel Grove community center’s gym and restroom, where Sarah was working out at.

Being the Pink Ranger, Sarah wore a matching pink ensemble—pink workout shorts, white and pink top and matching shoes, with pink waistbands and a headband. She started almost the same time Henry did. Today, she was focusing on weight training. The air conditioning unit wasn’t working at full capacity, so Sarah needed to drink even more water during her workout. Sarah knew about the dangers of doing weights and a full bladder—sometimes people would inadvertently wet themselves from the pressure. She did her best to avoid that, but the women’s restroom was under renovation—there always seemed to be a line when she looked from her weight training session, always hoping that there would be a time when there was no line at the women’s restroom.

Unfortunately, the few times she could have made a dash to the restroom was when guys interrupted her to flirt with her. Sarah would reject their advances, but being too nice at times cost her the chance to use the restroom without lining up. She did her best to ignore the urge, instead focusing on her training. However, even she started to realize that the longer she went, the less and less intense she would be due to her increasing bladder bulge.

Sarah decided enough was enough and attempted to use the restroom once again. As she was making her way to the restroom, she almost bumped into Henry, who was almost hobbling past her to the restroom. She giggled a bit and asked why was he in such a hurry. Henry turned and gave a snicker, answering her rhetorical question. As they were both just ten feet away, a loud explosion and a boom shook the building. People screamed and ducked. Of course, Henry and Sarah looked at each other and both ran towards the source of the sound--outside.

Almost immediately, Sarah and Henry saw a barrage of Putties, terrorizing Angel Grove’s citizens. It seemed more than usual, but Henry and Sarah sprang into action—their adrenaline temporarily suppressing their bladder urge.

As Sarah and Henry were fighting the Putties, they were getting fatigued. All that exercising had spent a good amount of energy. As Henry and Sarah became more and more winded, they both decided to morph and take out the Putties.

“Pterodactyl!”

“Triceratops!”

And just like that, a flash of lightning and instantaneous transformation of Henry and Sarah into the Blue and Pink Ranger, respectively—their blue and pink sheen suits shining vividly under the sun.

Taking out the Putties was a lot easier, as being morphed in their power suits enhanced all their abilities. As the last of the Putties were being cleared out, they both noticed Tentus walking towards them. He was a bit far away, and they knew they were in a fight—it looked horrendous!

“TODAY IS THE DAY YOU TWO PERISH!” Tentus declared.

“No way buddy!” the Blue Ranger retorted back.

“Yeah! We’re the Power Rangers and we’re gonna take you AND Lord Zedd down!” added the Pink Ranger.

Tentus threw out two of his tentacles incredibly fast—one at each of the rangers. It made contact and it immediately transported them.

Stunned for just a second, the Blue and Pink Ranger recovered, but realized that they were transported to a swamp—dead trees everywhere, dark and gloomy, pools and puddles of dirty water everywhere.

“Where are we?” the Pink Ranger asked.

“I’m not too sure—definitely not Angel Grove,” the Blue Ranger answered.

Things were eeriely quiet. The Blue and Pink Ranger moved together, slowly, trying to survey their new surrounding.

Splish. Splash. Whoosh. These were the sounds as they were walking through the swampy waters.

“I don’t like this at all,” the Pink Ranger said.

“I agree,” said the Blue Ranger.

The sound of them mudding through the water reminded Sarah of something:

“...I still need to go pee,” the Pink Ranger stated.

This stopped the Blue Ranger in his tracks. He turned and looked at her.

The Pink Ranger had her legs crossed standing up, with her right hand on her thigh and left hand, bent at a 90-degree angle, clasping her right wrist—the classic pose for a girl needing to use the restroom.

“Can you hold it?” asked the Blue Ranger.

“I...think so...” the Pink Ranger answered.

Henry reassured Sarah, “Don’t worry—we’ll defeat this monster and then we’ll be good. We’ve done this a thousand times before!”

“Yeah...” the Pink Ranger said, but there was some hesitation.

In an effort to make her feel better, Henry said, “Well if it helps, I gotta go too...so we’re both in this together.”

“Ok.” Sarah said, trying to validate Henry’s concern.

“HENRY WATCH OUT!” Sarah screamed.

Henry turned and bam! Tentus had appeared right in front of the Blue Ranger, paralyzing him with his atrocious appearance. Henry was able to see in detail how freightening Tentus was—his pupiless eyes, monstrous mandibles, decaying flesh with huge insects crawling out of it and dropping onto the floor. Without the helmet, you would see Henry’s face turn pale white, eyes wide-opened, and a dropped jaw. The Blue Ranger froze in fear—his whole body had goosebumps—from his toes all the way up to the back of his shoulders. Henry couldn’t even scream in reaction. Luckily for him, Sarah grabbed his arm, pulled him away and roundhouse kicked Tentus off. As Tentus fell back, he evaporated into the dark, misty atmosphere.

Henry landedon his butt, supported by his arms behind him.

“You okay?!” Sarah asked Henry.

Henry could only nod his head—he was still in shock. Sarah helped him up to his feet.

“T..th...thanks Sarah.” Henry muttered out.

“No problem. Are you hu...hurt...?” As Sarah asked Henry, she noticed that Henry’s blue jumpsuit was wet—starting at the crotch, going down his left pant leg into his boot.

Henry looked down and said nothing—he was still trying to figure out what just happened.

“It’s okay. Don’t worry about it, ok?” Sarah said, now her turn to comfort the Blue Ranger.

“Y..yeah...ok..” the Blue Ranger replied.

They both continued onward, ever so slowly. Henry seemed to get his senses back, and broke the silence.

“I’m embarassed.”

“Don’t be! You had to use the restroom after you went cycling and didn’t have a chance to!”

“Yeah...but still. I thought that you were going to be the one that wasn’t going to make it...”

Sarah didn’t really know how to respond. “Well, I still have to go pee. And kicking that monster back there caused me to leak a few drops, to be honest with you.”

“Oh...ok. Well...hopefully we can make it before you have an accident too,” Henry said.

“Yeah...at least I won’t be the only one to have an accident if it happens though!” Sarah said jokingly, the first time humor was surfaced since they arrived at the swamp.

“True...but to be honest, if you were gonna have an accident, I would’ve wet myself too just so you won’t be the only one. We’re one team!” Henry said.

The Pink Ranger controlled her laugh, trying not to pee.

“Unfortunately, I still have to go,” the Blue Ranger said.

“Wow—you must’ve drank a lot.”.

“At least 3 liters.”

“Do you drink that much all the time when you go cycling?”

“Yeah. At least. Gotta stay hydrated.”

“I’m surprised you don’t have any more accidents when you go cycling, Henry.”

“Well...let’s just say spandex works well with wetness”.

“Gross! Are you saying you’ve done it before?”“Well...professional cyclists do it. I’ve actually researched it and honestly, it’s mostly water at that point.” Henry explained.

“I suppose...” Sarah hesitantly agreed. “Anyway, let’s change the subject...all this talk about peeing really isn’t helping me!”“Yeah, sorry. Anyway, I think jumpsuit is drying out.”“Good.”

Sarah and Henry continued a few more steps and then all of a sudden, their feet were immobolized.

“I can’t move!” Sarah yelled.

“Argh! Me too!” Henry said.

Tentus’s tentacles wrapped around both their legs, keeping them from moving.

They both tried to punch off the tentacles, but another pair appeared from the ground and held their arms behind their backs.

Tentus reappeared again.

“YOUR WORSE NIGHTMARES ARE ABOUT TO BECOME A REALITY! PREPARE TO SUFFER BEFORE YOU DIE!”

“No! You won’t get away with this!” the Rangers screamed desperately.

“HAHAHA! DWELL INTO YOUR DEEPEST AND DARKEST FEARS!”Tentus then spewed its Phobia Ink at the Blue Ranger’s helmet’s visor.

“No!” both Rangers screamed.

The absolute fear that Henry fell into the first time repeated itself. All of his worse fears manifsted themselves into his mind.

Sarah saw and heard the Blue Ranger, brought to his knees without him even knowing it, screaming and yelling as he tried to shake his head violently to somehow get it out of his mind.

“HAHAHAAAAAAAAA!” Tentaus laughed maniacally.

Sarah did her best to comfort Henry with her words, but his constant scream overpowered her voice. That’s when she also noticed that Henry’s crotch started to darken—he was peeing in his blue jumpsuit again without even realizing it. She didn’t know what to say—she just stared in awe, as she saw her friend and teammate pee himself. The darkness turned his once shiny bright blue jumpsuit into one with dark, wet streaks all over his bottom half of his power suit. The Phobia Ink must have been really effective—the Blue Ranger’s suit was so saturated with pee that it no longer could absorb the liquid and it was soaking and gushing out the once shiny material—through his crotch, the legs, even his butt. As the effect wore off, the Blue Ranger fell onto his back, twitching and spasming.

“Henry! Snap out of it!” Sarah pleaded.

‘IT’S NO USE! HE’S SO INSTILED IN MY FEAR HE MAY NEVER RECOVER!”

“No!” said Sarah.

“NOW IT’S YOUR TURN TO JOIN HIM! BUT FIRST...”

Tentus raised his arm—the tentacles that wrapped the Blue Ranger receeded; it was no longer necessary on him. The tentacles then reappeared on Sarah—one particular tentacle wrapped her waist with the end of the tentacle, slapping her bladder.

“Ugh...No! I...ah....uh...ungh....”

Tentus knew the Pink Ranger also had to relieve herself. He just kept laughing as he gestured his tentacles to keep slapping her bladder violently.

Sarah knew she could not last much longer...she tried, whimpering, doing anything and everything to aid her bladder in keeping the floodgates closed—hunching over, trying to cross her legs but every attempt to do so would have Tentus’s tentacles jerk her legs apart again violently. No sooner than 20 seconds, Sarah whimpered...looked up, tearing up through her helmet, and just relented.

“Oh no...” she cried softly.

A very loud hissing noise could be heard—the Pink Ranger started to pee through her pink jumpsuit. It didn’t matter that her top was a skirt that went over her pants—the tentacles held her so that she was bent slightly forward, so that her crotch had a pool of pee coming out like a waterfall. The pee soaked through the front of her pink skirt, pants, running down the inner and rear side of her thighs, into her boots.

The Pink Ranger peed through her pink jumpsuit for one minute. As she finished, her butt was dripping wet, and she fell onto her knees. She was still wrapped by a tentacle—she felt like giving up. She, the Pink Ranger, just peed herself. She couldn’t register the relief of an empty bladder, as she was faced the reality of Tentus being too much for her and Henry.

The Blue Ranger lay on the ground in a pool of his own urine, incapacitated like a drunk person. The Pink Ranger on her knees—there was so much urine that entered her boots that now they were spilling out in her kneeling position. Tentus stared at his imminent victory against the Blue and Pink Ranger for a moment before he started walking toward them and said:

“YOU TWO ARE DEFEATED! THIS IS THE END FOR YOU TWO!”

Sarah shed one tear in her helmet as Tentus inched closer and closer...

*003*2017-08-01 04:40

{{7 hours ago, Gotta_Tinkle! said:

AMAZING!!! I loved power rangers when I was little!

These were my two favorite parts:

}}

Thanks! I'm guessing you have a thing for the Pink Ranger (who doesn't? lol) Since I'm a horrible drawer, I illustrate by using my words and being as descriptive and realistic as possible.

*008*2017-08-02 00:52

{{18 hours ago, poads said:

Funny you should mention that. I know the names the author used aren't the real Power Rangers, at least not the from the original Mighty Morphin' series.

The Blue Ranger was Billy. Pink was Kimberly. Black was Zack. Red was Jason. I can't remember the Yellow one. But on a side note, the girl playing the Yellow ranger tragically passed away after the series aired.

}}

You're spot on! I also dreamed myself of being the Blue Ranger when I was young and since I have an omo fetish, I figured what the heck--why not put myself in it? I decided using different names and characters too, just cause.

On a sad note, the actress Thuy Trang (Trini) was killed in a car crash. She probably could have survived if she had wore her seat belt.

On another note, David Yost (Billy) left abruptly because he was being gay bashed on set--ironic, since the show was supposed to teach values of inclusion and acceptance.

{{7 hours ago, desperation_fan said:

Yellow Ranger was Trini. And nice story. :)

}}

Thanks!

*010*2017-08-03 03:49

{{10 hours ago, Gotta_Tinkle! said:

Nah, I'm just into female desp.

}}

Haha okay fair enough.

