Night At The Hotel (Sonic Movie Omo)

Author: Sonadow182

*000*2020-09-10 06:40

It was night time on the planet Earth on the border to California. Inside a small hotel, an odd couple of friends were sleeping in their separate beds.

One of them was a human named Tom Wachowski, the town Sheriff of Green Hills Montana. The other was a blue alien hedgehog named Sonic, who had been in hiding on Earth in Green Hills for ten years now.

They were on a road trip together to get to Sans Francisco, to make it to the Transamerican Tower where Sonic's lost rings were located. The ride halfway to California had been long, with no stops in between until they had made it to a bar by the border, where Tom had used a pay phone to call Deputy Wade, and Sonic had snuck in the bar in disguise to have some fun. There, Tom had helped Sonic bucket list for awhile before a bar fight broke out, which Sonic completely won by planking everyone with his speed.

Now the two were in their hotel room to rest for the night for the long drive they had tomorrow. Sonic had fallen asleep instantly, Tom tucking the blanket over him, after running around the room a bit trying to entertain himself. Although he had done a few things in the room already, including a pillow fight with himself, flipping the channels on the tv crazily, and even taking a shower, there was still one thing that he forgot to do... something that he often forgets to do even after ten years of experience.

Sonic was peacefully asleep in his bed, dreaming of the great time he's been having with Tom so far, when he suddenly started squirming. At the bar, Sonic had drank a lot of Mellow Yellow, at least five cans of it. And despite the 13 year old knowing that he's a bit accident prone, he had forgotten to empty the tank before sleeping.

Sonic started squirming more, his bladder filling up of the soda quickly. In his dreams, waterfalls cascaded around him. Rivers flowed quickly by his feet. And rain poured down on him. He whimpered quickly and pressed his hands between his legs onto his crotch, trying to keep the liquid building up inside contained. In his dreams, he looked around for a place appropriate enough to pee. He was in the forest where he had hid for ten years. Sonic squeezed his legs together as he felt a surge of desperation pass through him. Unable to hold it anymore, the 13 year old rushed behind a boulder and positioned himself. Once he was comfortable, he let out a long sigh of relief as urine started flowing out of his body, splashing against the rock.

"Made it." He said to himself as he finished. But as he was cleaning himself off, he couldn't help but feel that he was dirty, as if he had actually went on himself. But that was impossible, right?

The blue hedgehog's eyes slowly started to flutter open. With his blurry vision, he looked around. He was still in the hotel that he and Tom had rented for the night. It was still night out, the clock on the bedside table reading 2:30 am. Sonic yawned and tried to go back to sleep, when suddenly, he felt odd.

He was strangely warm... warm and wet.

"*GASP* Oh no." Sonic whisper shouted as he sat up in his bed and pushed the covers off of him. There, surrounding his lower half, was a stain of urine on the bed.

It was large and disgustingly warm, as if he had went recently. Tears came to the hedgehog's eyes. He couldn't believe this happened to him again. He was too old to be wetting himself, let alone bedwetting!

What made it worse was that he was not alone this time. Before, when he was alone in his cave and he had an accident, he could just easily clean it up without the embarrassment of someone finding out. But he couldn't do that this time. He couldn't hide this from Tom.

Tom... what would he think of him when he finds out?

Either way, Sonic knew that he was gonna find out eventually, and he'd rather let him know now than wait in the morning when Tom would surely find out due to the smell. Besides, sleeping in a bed full of pee was disgusting, and Sonic was not eager to give it a try.

Sniffling quietly, Sonic got out of bed and went over to Tom. He tried to stop crying before waking him up, but the tears continued to silently drop down his face. Might as well get it over with now. But how was he to wake the Donut Lord without upsetting him?

"Meow." Sonic said meekly. It was the first thing that came to his mind. "Meow."

Tom shuffled in his sleep. Sonic's meowing was breaking through.

"Meow." He continued. "Meow."

Tom groaned and yawned, rubbing at his eyes a bit as he rolled over and faced Sonic. "Ugh, don't tell me that you actually sleepwalk and turn into a cat."

Sonic stared at the human adult and sniffed, more tears running down his cheeks. At the sight of this, Tom immediately became more concern. "Hey bud, what's wrong?"

Sonic just stood there, silently crying and staring at Tom. He wanted to tell him... needed to tell him, but he couldn't get the words out.

Realizing that something was seriously wrong, Tom pushed the covers off him and sat up, turning on the lamp beside him. "Hey, whatever it is you can tell me. What's wrong?"

Sonic opened his mouth to speak, but all that came out was a pitiful little squeak. He started crying more, shaking and trembling a little.

"Sonic?" Tom said, reaching a hand out to the little creature. Was he hurt? Did he have a nightmare? What was wrong with him?

Then, Tom did an eye inspection on him. He immediately noticed the wet fur on Sonic's legs, mostly around the crotch area. He looked to Sonic's bed and saw the large stain on it. Putting two and two together, and Tom had an idea of what happened.

He sighed and pulled Sonic into a gentle hug. "Hey, it's ok Sonic. Accidents happen."

Sonic bit his lip and gripped onto Tom, releasing his small sobs into his shirt. "I-I'm too old to be w-w-wetting the bed."

Tom held onto the boy and gently petted his quills, softly rocking him back and forth. "Shh. It's ok bud. Accidents happen. It's not your fault."

Sonic sniffed and looked up him with tears eyes. "Y-You're not... mad? Or g-g-grossed out?"

"Of course not, Sonic." Tom frowned. "You're just a kid. Kids have accidents. We all have accidents, no matter at what age."

Sonic sniffed and wiped at his eyes, staring up at him with a wavery smile. "Thank you."

Tom smirked and ruffled his head a bit. "Don't worry about it. Let's get this cleaned up and you in a shower. Then you can sleep with me tonight."

"R-Really?" Sonic asked in shock.

"I'm not gonna let you sleep in a wet bed. That's unsanitary."

"Heh, yeah."

The two of them let go of each other and Tom got out of bed, going over to Sonic's and pulling the sheets off as Sonic went to go shower. After Sonic's had his shower and Tom had informed the front desk of the accident, the two of them got into Tom's bed together and laid down.

With covers now over them, Sonic lowered his ears a bit a snuggled up against Tom. "Hey Donut Lord?"

"Yes Blue Devil?"

"Thanks again... for everything."

As Sonic fell asleep, Tom put on a small smile and rubbed the little creature's ear, earning a soft purr.

"You're welcome." He whispered as he turned out the light and fell asleep.

The End

