Desperate Demon

Author: satyr

*000*2019-03-04 03:07

Inspired by a request from @Imouto Kitten in the request thread, I decided to try my hand at a supernatural-horror-omorashi-romcom thing. I'm bad at keeping promises to finish stories, but this one deserves at least one follow-up, so I better write it, right? But then again, it was a lot of fun to write, so hopefully writer's block won't be an issue.

“… Asha-atgaaaah!” Adam yelled the final words. He could feel the sweat dripping down his face. The darkened room had grown unnaturally hot as he worked through the incantation in Dr. Musgrave’s Demonic Dictionary. What had started as a game done out of boredom suddenly seemed much more real. But demons and ghosts didn’t exist, right? Of course not. This was a silly game. This was just a cheap thrill provided by a silly ritual and a dusty old book he’d found in the back of the library… Scratch that. Just as he’d all but convinced himself, the first of the candles set at each point of an imaginary pentagram blew out. There was no draft or breeze. The heat was now unbearable. One by one, each of the candles burned out—one second they were glowing, the next they were not, following some arcane sequence. Fuck me, it really worked. What the hell do I do now?

“What indeed, human?”

Adam looked around him, eyes straining to adjust to the sudden darkness. I didn’t imagine that, did I? That was definitely a female voice.

“You did not.”

Adam got up in a panic, trying to find the door but tripping over the heavy tome from which he’d gotten the bone-headed idea to summon a demon. He fell and just about managed to get his hands in front of him. When he looked up, he was staring at an indistinct silhouette. Slender, toned legs rising up towards curving hips, and above, a set of ample breasts straining against fabric. He pushed himself back from the figure, closed his eyes, opened them, and when he did, the candles were once again burning.

And in front of him stood an attractive young woman, dressed as some young women do on a hot summer day: extremely short daisy-dukes and a white top, barefoot. She looked ordinary—well, extraordinarily attractive, as if her curves had been carved to appeal to him, but otherwise human—except for the eyes, which were pure black, no whites. Adam’s mouth fell open. The room had taken on a reddish tinge. Odd shadows danced upon the walls as if alive. And then the illusion fell away, the woman’s eyes faded into black on green irises and mercifully, white around, and the shadows stilled.

“I trust that shall do for a demonstration,” said the woman.

Adam stood up gingerly to face this abomination, and discovered that his thighs were sticky and wet. He looked down and blushed as he realized that in his terror, he’d peed a little in his pants. When he looked back up, the woman smiled.

“Kneel,” commanded the woman. He felt an odd tingling at the back of his mind, but it faded. The woman’s smile faded. “Kneel, peasant,” she said. Again, Adam felt the tingling sensation, but there was something else this time. His mind’s eye conjured up a rope, and he looked down to his hand to confirm that it was indeed free. It felt like there was something there, a kind of rope or leash, and although he couldn’t see it, he could sense the rope looping around his wrist and tracing an arc up towards the woman’s neck. “Kneel, damn it!” Said the woman again, but this time, the sensation at the back of Adam’s skull felt different. It was a violent recoil, like a heavy band being snapped back. The woman fell to her knees.

It’s the binding, he realized. The Demonic Dictionary said this was a binding ritual.

“You bound me?” She was sweating now, and the confident tone was gone. In its stead was exasperation, maybe even desperation. She clutched her abdomen as if in pain, and then she looked down and seemed to notice her attire for the first time. “What in the Nine Circles of Hell is this?”

Adam had regained his feet now and walked over to sit down on his bed. This is crazy, he thought.

“Crazy isn’t the half…” The woman groaned. Adam realized he hadn’t spoken a word aloud, but she seemed to respond as if he had. Not so confident now, he thought, testing his theory.

“I am a Lady of the Circle of Pride, you’re devil-damned right I’m confident,” she said. But her voice cracked, betraying her true feelings. As did her posture, a face grimaced in pain and clutching her abdomen as if she was about to vomit. Could it be that her pain was caused by defiance of her master? Adam tried to recall the exact words from the book. “And Whosoever shall conducte the Binding, shall command the Respecte of His Servant, and the Servant overcometh not her Master but on the Payne of a Death most payneful and everlasting.” Some old-timey shit like that, but the meaning seemed clear.

As he repeated the words in his mind, her face grew pale, and she doubled over in pain. Then she proceeded to vomit on his floor. Adam shot up. All color was gone from her skin, and the rasping sounds emanating from her chest reminded him of his grandma on her deathbed. Holy shit. Demon or not, she looked human enough now, and he couldn’t in good conscience kill her. What to do, what to do? “Uh, like, you can just chill, if you don’t, like, try to harm me or something,” he tried.

Adam had no knowledge of the laws of the occult, and he had no idea if that would do it. But the woman’s breath calmed, and she managed to raise herself from the floor and wipe a trail of puke from her mouth. Her eyes were red, not demonically so, more so the redness of a person crying, and tears were rolling down her face. Adam grabbed a roll of paper towels off his bedside table—he kept it there mostly for the purposes of masturbation, sad single life that he had—and handed it to her. She wiped down her face, then stared up at him with what seemed like a mixture of pleading and hatred.

“I don’t think we’ve been properly introduced,” Adam said. “I’m Adam. What’s your name?”

“Asha,” she spat out. Of course. That was what the book had said.

“Well, Asha, I can’t say it was nice meeting you. But maybe we got off on the wrong foot.”

“I can’t believe this,” Asha said.

“Frankly, neither can I,” he replied. “Hey, bring me that book. I need to figure out what the fuck just happened.” Her face grimaced again, muscles straining in an unnatural way like some sort of cramp, but she did as she was told, crawling over to retrieve the book and place it in his lap. Adam leafed through it until he found the page he was looking for. Under the description of the ritual was a short part about what to expect on success. He read it aloud. Asha’s eyes opened wider with every sentence:

Invocation & Binding of Asha, a Demonesse of the 1st Order, Progeny of Luste and Pride. Attempt not this Binding but with the proper Trayninge and Guidance. Whosoever succeed at the Binding shall be the Master. And Whosoever shall conducte the Binding, shall command the Respecte of His Servant, and the Servant overcometh not her Master but on the Payne of a Death most payneful and everlasting. The Servant shall be Subject to the Laws and Strictures of the Human Forme in this Playne of Existence, and her Body and bodily Needs shall be the Domayne of her Master, but her Mind shall be Free as a Dove. Frighten not at demonic Imagery, for they are but Trickery of the Devil and command no Power in this Realme unless the Master set her Free. The Ritual of Freedom shall not be recorded in these Pages, as the Consequences are dire; But the Ritual of Return, which shall sende the Demoness back whence she came, is recorded on the next Page.

The next page had been ripped out of the book. Adam frantically thumbed through the book, seeking a loose page, but there was none. Am I stuck with this… thing now?

“I would prefer,” Asha said, voice straining not to betray what must be an underlying, seething rage, “if you do not refer to me as a ‘thing’.”

“Can you, like, not respond to my thoughts? Like, some privacy, please?”

“I can,” she said. “Is that a… command?” She spat the word out like it was a turd someone had dumped into her mouth.

“It’s… Whatever. Hey, let me get this straight. Are you truly, uh, harmless?”

“I am a scion of Hell, human. I am never harmless to my enemies.”

Hmm. Can she lie to me? Let’s find out. “Tell me a lie. I command you. Tell me, uh, tell me the sky is red.”

“The sky is red in Hell.”

“Whatever. Tell me the sky on Earth is green.”

“The sky is green.”

Well, that was dumb. She obeyed my command, of course she’s not gonna be doubled over in pain. Hmm… “I command you to tell me the sky is green, and I command you to not lie to me. I command you to do both, at the same time.”

Her face, which had regained a little color, drained. “The… sky… is… green.” As soon as the final word was out, she doubled over and clutched her abdomen again. Her breathing grew ragged, and Adam felt compelled to put a hand on her slender shoulder.

“Easy now,” he said, and her breathing calmed. “Okay, so now that’s settled. I command you to tell me the truth: can you actually harm me as long as the, uh, binding is in place?”

She grew silent, eyes glazed over. It seemed like she was trying something, straining—her face contorted in a way that seemed literally out of this world, which to be fair it probably was—and then she slumped down on the floor in a heap, breathing heavy as if after a long run. He could see tears forming in her eyes, and she was straining not to let them fall. “No,” she said finally. “Not bodily. But I can still whisper poisonous words in your ear, as long as you do not command me to silence.”

Adam’s body ached. The ritual seemed to have taken something from him. He felt like he’d just returned from a heavy workout, and there were circles of sweat under his arms and down the center of his t-shirt. He’d begun the ritual at midnight, the witching hour, and when he glanced at his phone he realized it was now close to 3 in the morning. And he had classes to attend, people to see, things to do. Adam badly needed some rest.

“Well, in that case, I’m gonna sleep. I guess you can share the bed, I feel kind of bad about almost killing you earlier so I wouldn’t have you sleep on the floor. Maybe in the morning it’ll turn out you were just a weird dream.”

“I am your worst nightmare.”

“Whatever. Good night. Put out the candles, will you, and try to get some shut-eye. And no poisonous words in my ear tonight.”

“I do not sleep.”

“Whatever. Also, pretty sure you do up here on Earth. Laws and Strictures of the Human Forme and all that shit, right? Good night.”

He let himself collapse on the bed. Asha laid down beside him, her arm lightly touching his. This was just a weird dream, it must be. The candles burned out again, even though Asha was nowhere near them. His last thought before falling asleep was, It’s kind of nice to share a bed with a girl again, even if she is literal hellspawn.

In the morning, she was still there. Adam was reminded of the microfiction story he’d read in his Latin Literature course: When he awoke, the dinosaur was still there.

“There’s no devil-damned dinosaurs here,” Asha said.

Adam sat up. The first thing he noticed was his underwear, which was still damp from his little accident when the demon materialized. He blushed at the thought. He hadn’t pissed himself since kindergarten, not even just a little. But then again, he hadn’t ever seen a demon from literal Hell materialize from thin air either, so he had a damned valid excuse.

The second thing he noticed was that Asha had her legs crossed, and her hand was buried in her crotch. Her white shirt had ridden up, and he could see the contours of a bulging abdomen. She quickly moved her hand away when she noticed him looking, but her legs remained crossed. Did she have to pee? Her abdomen had definitely been much flatter the night before. And her body language screamed desperation. This was something Adam was very familiar with, as his search history would no doubt attest to, not to mention the used paper towels in his paper bin, but he’d never been fortunate enough to witness such obvious urinary desperation up close in real life.

Adam tried to work through it in his head without silently verbalizing, hoping Asha’s sixth sense couldn’t pick up what he was thinking about. What had the book said? Oh yeah, her mind was to be free as a dove, blah-blah, but her body and… bodily needs would be his domain. And she was a demon of Pride. No doubt she was not keen on pleading with him to be allowed to do something as demeaning as release her bladder in a toilet. Did they even pee in Hell? Feeling the wetness at his crotch, Adam decided that perhaps it was time for her to taste her own medicine. At least he could allow her to get to the point where she had no choice but to beg. Might do wonders for her attitude. This is just like those stories I read on omorashi.org!

“What stories? What is omo-rashidot-awrg?” Asha asked. She’d snaked her hands down to her crotch again, but removed them when he looked over.

“It’s nothing,” he said. He got out of bed, rummaged through his closet for clean, dry, urine-free clothes, and began to undress. Asha looked on with curiosity.

“Some privacy, please?”

“Is that a command?”

“Do you not have this thing called rhetorical questions in Hell?”

“We do not.”

Adam rolled his eyes. “Never mind. Yes, turn around, you’re not getting a peek at my ball sack just yet. You gotta buy me dinner first.”

“Buy you dinner? I take what I want. I do not barter or exchange favor for favor.”

“Whatever, turn around and no peeking.” She did.

Adam got out of his wet pants and boxers, throwing them in disgust into his laundry bin. He might enjoy the occasional wank at the thought of a girl desperate to relieve herself, unable to contain her liquids as they poured out, but he did not relish the experience of doing so himself. Once he was dressed and dry, he told Asha to turn around and stand up. She did so, raising herself from the bed gingerly and standing up straight as a rod, but her confidence was quickly shattered as she was forced to bend over and cross her legs.

Adam picked up his phone and noted that he’d forgotten to set his alarm and overslept. Oh, well. Morning classes could wait. He needed to figure out what the fuck to do about the hell-spawn now joined at his hip before he could delve into Classic Literature or Feminist Literary Criticism in the 20th Century. Adam’s bladder was full, so he headed to the bathroom. As she crossed the threshold out of his room, he looked over to see Asha still bent over in the same spot, but now her face was white as a sheet and her face was spasming again. “Come here,” he said, and she shuffled over. For each step she took, her face seemed to calm, and by the time she stood right in front of him, she’d regained her color. Curious. “So, am I right that it’s painful for you to be away from me?”

“It would seem so.”

“Fan-tastic.” He rolled his eyes. Just one more problem.

“I would rather think this, what do you say, ‘sucks balls’,” Asha said.

“We’ll need to work on your sarcasm meter. Come on.”

Adam walked over to the bathroom, looked to the left and to the right to ensure that none of his housemates were around, and then dragged Asha by the arm into the bathroom. Adam unzipped and emptied his bladder into the toilet bowl, sighing in bliss. He’d needed that. Once he’d zipped up and turned around, he saw that Asha was eyeing the toilet bowl, hopping from foot to foot and clutching at herself like a toddler. A delightful little potty dance. But she made no move towards the toilet, nor did she ask for permission. She just stood there in agony and pride, biting her lip and saying nothing. Oh well, her loss. Adam was certainly enjoying himself. She was, he saw now in the harsh fluorescent light, very pretty, nice and curvy, with shapely breasts just the right side of unnaturally large, and her face was cute. If only she wasn’t a demon, he would have definitely dreamed of hitting on her but not actually dared.

Adam grabbed her hand, which forced her to relinquish her iron grip on her privates. Those tight shorts must be digging into her bladder something fierce. As they exited the bathroom together, hand in hand, they almost ran into Ryan, one of Adam’s housemates. “Whoa, get a room you two—Adam? I thought for sure that was Eddie in there with a girl. Would you look what the cat dragged in.” He measured Asha from head to toe with his eyes, and she actually blushed. Probably because she was potty-dancing like a young child, but Ryan seemed not to notice. “Decided to end your dry spell with a bang, eh? Good for you.”

“He was not dry this morning,” Asha said. Adam blushed, thinking of his pissy pants, but Ryan got an entirely different idea.

“Whoa! I like her. Don’t let this one go, dude,” Ryan said, giving Adam a very bro-ish pat on the shoulder as he squeezed past.

“Your friend is odd,” Asha said.

“That’s rich, coming from you.”

Adam needed to figure out next steps, and decided that the library where he’d found the cursed book was a good start. But first… He dragged Asha into the kitchen and retrieved a bottle of mineral water from the fridge. “Drink this,” he said.

Asha let go of his hand and squeezed between her legs again, blushing as she did so. “I would prefer not to,” she said.

“Are you disobeying my command?”

“N-no!” She grabbed the bottle and chugged the contents so quickly some spilled over onto her shirt, wetting her chest. He noted that she was not wearing a bra, a fact more apparent as the material soaked through.

“This tastes funny,” she said.

“What do you even drink in Hell? The blood of your enemies?”

“That, or the seed of a lover.”

“Oh, lord.”

She grimaced and her face seemed to… bubble was the right word for it, as if something was boiling beneath her skin. “Right, demon, you and the Lord aren’t on good terms, I take it?”

“He is but a fairy-tale for puny humans and certainly no ‘lord’ of mine.” Her sneer was undercut by the childish dance in place she was doing to contain her bladder.

“Okay, potty princess, let’s go to the library and figure shit out,” he said.

“What did you just call me?”

“Well, it’s quite obvious you need to pee.” Adam shrugged.

“I do not… urinate.” She spat the word. “I am strong and above such silliness. That is the province of weak humans.”

“Okay, whatever. We’ll see if your clothes are dry by the time we get back.”

Adam was now lacing up his shoes. “What do you mean? Why would they not be?” Asha asked.

“Well, because it looks like you’re about to piss your pants. And we’re about to go out in public, and then everyone will see, and...”

“What?” Asha’s voice cracked.

“So you aren’t feeling a terrible pressure down there? You just enjoy dancing around like a toddler in the toilet queue?”

“I… may feel a certain pressure,” she admitted.

Are you going to beg?

“I do not beg. Ever.”

“Okay then, let’s go and hope you don’t embarrass yourself.” Adam smiled. This was the best thing about this terrible, weird ordeal so far.

“I might be temporarily weakened by the trip across the aether...” Asha admitted. “Maybe it would not be a bad idea to...”

“Are you really begging me for permission to use the bathroom because you can’t hold it like a big girl?”

“I do not beg. But...”

“Well, looks like Ryan’s gonna be in there a while, so you might as well hold it until we get to the library. If you can. Otherwise, well, you’ll just have to wet yourself like a little girl.”

“Like you did last night?” She shot back, staring daggers.

Adam grabbed her hand and yanked her out the door. “You don’t mention that to anyone ever. Hear me?”

“Yes, ‘master.’”

The display Asha put on while they walked hand in hand was extraordinary. Adam kept up a steady pace, and held her hand tight, so she couldn’t stop and squeeze herself, but her thighs were shaking and she kept her legs firmly together, biting her lip and straining with all her mind. When Adam stopped to locate the shelf he thought he’d found the book on, she wriggled free of his grasp, crossed her legs and bent over. Asha must be at the end of her tether now. Her eyes were watering, and she couldn’t prevent herself from grabbing at her crotch. Better get her to a bathroom before disaster strikes, Adam thought. Don’t want to draw unnecessary attention when I’m here to do demonic research, but it’d be a shame to cut the show short.

“No… disasters… will… strike,” Asha said.

“Never mind, then,” Adam said, and headed towards the back of the library, where the small collection of purportedly occult books was housed, wedged in between histories of Ancient Greece and Science Fiction. Asha shuffled after him.

As he rounded the corner, he saw that he wasn’t alone. A girl stood with her head bent down inspecting one of the occult books, and when she heard them approach, she turned around. Shit. It was Amy, his platonic friend that he wished was something more. In classic Adam style, he had made no move and she’d found a boyfriend. “Oh, Adam! Who’s your friend?” She said, beaming him a heart-melting smile.

“Oh, Amy. This is my, uh, friend, Asha.”

“Nice to meet y—” she began, holding out a hand in greeting, but Asha was doubled over in pain. Asha whimpered, and then she looked down. Adam could see there was a shiny spot of wetness blooming on her daisy-dukes.

“May I please use the toilet?” Asha said.

“Oh, restrooms are over there,” Amy said, flustered, pointing around the corner.

Asha looked at Adam with a mixture of fear and humiliation. “Go,” he said, and then, to Amy, “I better check up on her, talk to you later,” and then they were off, Asha shuffling, halfway bent over, Adam keeping close by her side. It was a single-user, unisex bathroom, and Adam looked over his shoulder to make sure no one was looking in their direction before dragging the desperate demon with him into the restroom.

As soon as Asha saw the toilet, her reserves of strength failed her. Adam stared, mesmerized, as pee began pouring out of her shorts, wetting her butt, pouring out the leg holes, running down her lightly tanned legs, trickling down to her toes, one of which was bleeding. Of course, she hadn’t been wearing any shoes. Adam had been too caught up in arousal to even consider it. Maybe demons didn’t wear shoes in hell, but human bodies weren’t made to walk barefoot on gravel. Asha’s shoulders began to shake as the final drops left her body, dripping into the puddle. Her ample butt had a half-moon of glistening wetness, and trails of shiny urine spattered her legs. She was stood in a puddle that extended from the door all the way to the edge of the porcelain bowl. Then a low, keening noise, and then whimpers. The demon was crying. And Adam felt like a right asshole.

Without thinking, he put his arms around his demoness from behind, then reached over and wiped away a tear.

“Ladies of the Circle of Pride do not cry,” she whimpered.

“Sshh,” he said. “I’m sorry.” Why am I apologizing to a demon?

This time, she didn’t respond to his internal monologue as if he’d spoken aloud. Instead, she whispered, “Why are you being nice to me?”

“Because I just realized I’ve been acting like a horny asshole,” he said.

“Assholes are certainly erogenous, but they are hardly the primary locus of arousal,” she said.

“Oh, my. Good to see your sense of humor is back.” He put his hands back on her shoulders and turned her around. Her eyes were red, her cheeks streaky with wetness, and the front of her shorts was a mess. Adam handed her some paper towels, but then thought better of it, and instead wiped down her legs himself. She stood mute as he cleaned her up, the waft of fresh, accidentally spilled urine doing unspeakable things to his groin but his empathy telling him no, no, this is not the time to get a boner, and the result being a sad semi. There was nothing to do for her shorts; they were soaked beyond saving. And her feet—that must hurt.

“I guess we better get you some dry clothes. And shoes, definitely. But… We’ll have to dip into the occult section and just grab some shit, because we need to figure this thing out.”

“This feeling,” Asha said, “is that what you felt last night? When I came and you…” Her face started contorting and her voice broke. Of course, he’d forbidden her from mentioning his own little accident to anyone.

“Yes, I guess,” he said. “But what happened to you was in public, so I guess that must be far more humiliating.”

“It feels wrong,” Asha said.

“Yeah, it sucks, doesn’t it? I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have put you through this.”

“I never realized,” Asha said, wiping away the last tears, “that humans could be crueler than the scions of Hell.” Oof.

“Well, I’ve made a mess of things, haven’t I? Feel free to punch me for being a dick.”

Smack. Adam was on the floor, a searing pain in his jaw, one hand stuck in the puddle of urine, eyes watering. Slowly, he stumbled to his feet, whimpering. The girl had surprising strength.

“I guess I deserved that,” he said, hand to his jaw. That’s gonna bruise. “In the future, if I tell you to punch me, I mean, like, lightly in the shoulder, not a knockout punch to the face.”

“You did deserve it,” Asha said, and something like a smirk played on her lips. It was the first time since she realized he’d successfully bound her that he’d seen her smile.

It was almost enough to make up for the pain, to see her smile again. Almost. What’s gotten into me? Don’t tell me I’m falling for a god-damned demon.

“I heard that, and I have seen no signs of unsteady gait. You do not appear to be falling down very much, unless you happen to tell me to punch you.”

“It’s… Never mind. I’m gonna have to teach you some idioms. Okay, sorry to say, you’re gonna have to walk home in this state, and some people will probably stare. You ready?”

“Yes.”

Adam took her hand and brought her round back to the occult section. He wanted to minimize Asha’s exposure to the public, but he also really needed to figure out what the hell was going on and how to fix it. He had no idea what the laws and rules governing interdimensional travel were, but for all he knew he might have opened a gateway for all sorts of terrible hell-spawn to travel through. And he couldn’t live his entire life with a demon joined at the hip. How was he going to explain that to his parents? To future girlfriends? They’d just have to grab some books, yeah, and then Asha could carry them in front of her soiled shorts to hide her accident from the front. Excellent plan.

Except Amy was still there, rummaging through the occult section, desperately looking for something. She turned around and her mouth fell open when she saw the state of Asha’s shorts.

“Oh,” she said. “I’m sorry that happened to you. Adam, why didn’t you show her where the toilets were? Where are your manners?”

Asha blushed and squeezed Adam’s hand. Hard enough as to almost be painful. She couldn’t harm him, but she could certainly signal her desire to do so.

“Uh, yeah, I’m terribly sorry. We need to just grab some books and then we’ll get out of here!”

“Your girlfriend is clearly in distress, humiliated in public, and you care about books? I thought you were a gentleman,” Amy said, frowning. Adam blushed.

“She’s not my girlfriend, but yeah, you’re right, we’ll hurry, just really need to grab some stuff real quick...” He was stumbling over his words. Amy raised an eyebrow at him in response. Oh, yeah. They were holding hands. Of course anyone would think they were a couple.

“It’s okay,” Asha said, although her tone did not sound OK at all. “We really need some books.”

“I’m sorry he’s such a dick, better you found out now than later,” Amy said, addressing Asha. “I’ll help you find whatever it is. I can, uh, I can walk you home, behind, and you can, like, hold the books in front, and then you can maybe hide what happened. What is it you’re looking for?”

“I don’t really know, to be honest,” Adam said. “Anything about, like, binding demons and how to return them to Hell, I guess.” He realized as he said it out loud how stupid it sounded.

But Amy perked up. “I didn’t know you were into the occult too,” she said.

“Wait, you’re into the occult?” Adam hadn’t expected that.

“I was just looking for this book I thought I saw here, the Demonic Dictionary, but I can’t find it,” Amy said.

No way, Adam thought.

“Yes way,” Asha said.

“Yes way?” Amy looked confused.

“I have it,” Adam blurted out. “The book.” Why did I say that?

“You have it? That’s dangerous stuff right there. It’s got a rep for being, like, the only actual manual of demonology in existence, the rest are just bullshit and superstition,” Amy said. “Don’t tell me you’re intending to try a ritual.”

Asha and Adam looked over at each other.

“Don’t tell me you two actually already did one?” Amy said.

Asha, do the thing. The thing with the eyes. You can still do that, right?

Asha’s eyes briefly flashed. One second, green, probing, the next, dark, inky voids of nothingness, darkness swallowing all color, then green again. The whole thing was over in a second, but Amy took a frightened step back.

“I did the ritual. She’s the result.”

“Oh my God,” Amy said.

Asha’s face contorted at the invocation of the Lord.

“You actually fucking bound a demon. This is so cool!”

*008*2019-03-05 18:54

Chapter 2

The three of them were sitting in Adam’s room, which he was trying to air out. He’d forgotten to clean up the vomit from the night before, and by mid-morning it was smelling pretty bad. Asha was freshly showered and sitting in a borrowed set of Amy’s clothes, which were too small for her, but would have to do for the time being. Asha was both taller and curvier, and her new shirt exposed her belly-button in a way the designer had surely not intended. Her jeans were so tight they “rubbed at her pussy,” as she said, and when she noticed Adam’s discomfort when she said that, she began chanting pussy, pussy, rubs at my pussy until he’d ordered her to cut it out, which garnered a devilish giggle from the demon.

Showering had been an awkward affair. They’d gone to Amy’s place, since her parents had set her up with an apartment of her own, so they had privacy. When they entered, he noted that his dashingly average looks had taken a step down in the face apartment: the side of his face was swelling up and turning a sickening shade of greenish yellow where Asha’s haymaker had hit him.

They’d quickly determined that Asha could not shower on her own, since she doubled over in pain the moment she was more than three steps away from him. So he had to go in with her, determined to sit on the toilet lid and respectfully avert his eyes from her. Except when she attempted to remove her soiled clothes, she groaned in pain again. Then she’d reminded him of the book’s words: her bodily needs were the domain of her Master, Adam. Apparently that meant she couldn’t even undress herself. So he had to help her out of her clothes, lowering the wet shorts, then down with the soaking, dripping panties. As he touched the wet fabric, his crotch pitched a tent, and to make matters worse, she picked up on it and began grinding herself into his hand, which he knew she was doing just to wind him up. “Cut it out,” he said, and then he led her to the shower, doused her with cold water just to take the grin off her face, and wet a washcloth.

Quickly, he rubbed the cloth over her skin, trying to get her clean without getting himself worked up. “My crotch feels icky,” she said, when he respectfully declined to touch her between the legs. “It feels like the urine is still there.” Cursing inwardly, he began to wipe her down. “I heard that,” she reminded him. “Keep going.” So he did, rubbing at her lips, her hairless mound, around the inside of her thighs, and she moaned.

“You’re enjoying this too much,” he said.

“I am used to slaves.”

“You’re the damn slave, not me.”

She looked hurt at that. Adam regretted bringing it up. So he brought the cloth up again, between her legs, rubbing slowly, and her eyes glazed over. Then he stopped before either he or she could get more worked up. Why the hell am I acting like this? She’s a demon, hell-spawn, a devil, and she hates me, and terrifies me.

“Glad to hear it,” she cooed.

And I am pleasuring her, because I felt bad for her.

Now she was fully dressed, and he tried to forget the way she fluttered her eyelashes and blew him a kiss while he toweled her off.

It turned out that Amy knew a hell of a lot more about demonology than Adam. He’d picked up the Dictionary out of pure boredom. Aside from trying to summon Bloody Mary in the mirror at a sleepover in sixth grade, he had never dabbled in the occult. “Bloody Mary is a myth,” Asha said. “Bloody Angelique, however, is very much real, and you do not want her in your mirror.” Neither of the two humans felt compelled to ask for any details. Amy explained that she’d gotten into the occult as a side effect of a teenage goth phase, but once she got older, she started researching obscure literature on the matter, and then she had “an experience”, which he declined to elaborate on, but which had somehow convinced her that demons were realer than she’d thought. Her research had eventually led her to the idea that the Demonic Dictionary was the real deal, for reasons that seemed fairly flimsy to Adam, but he couldn’t deny the evidence in front of his eyes.

Unfortunately, the book which called itself a dictionary lacked an index and was not organized alphabetically. At least not according to any alphabet he knew. They’d spent an hour flipping through the book, but couldn’t find anything helpful about returning demons to Hell. Nor any elaboration of the mechanics of invocation and summoning.

“Hey, Asha,” Amy said, visibly frustrated. “You want to go home, right?”

“Of course.”

“Then how about you spill the deets on how all this works? Can’t help a gal who won’t help herself.”

“Do you think I know?”

Adam and Amy shared a look. “You mean you have no idea how any of this works?” Adam asked.

“When I was young, the idea of being summoned and bound by a mere mortal was a scary story used to make children behave. As I grew older, I was taught that only lesser demons could possibly be bound, and only by a powerful necromancer, such as has not walked the Earth for hundreds of years, not a mere dilettante with a dusty old book. I am descended from the rulers of two of the Nine Circles of Hell, and no mortal should be able to summon me, much less bind me.”

“So much for that idea,” Amy said.

“Wait,” Adam said. “Spooky bedtime stories for demon babies? We’re just gonna ignore that? What’s it like to grow up in Hell?”

“It is Hell,” Asha said.

“Elaborate.”

“Painful.”

She didn’t seem to enjoy this turn of the conversation, so he took the hint and dropped the subject.

An hour later and no closer to solving the mystery, Amy had to take off for an afternoon class, but promised to dig deeper and see what she could find that night. She also left a couple of changes of clothes for Asha, but sternly told Adam that if they couldn’t solve this within the next few days, he should quit being such a cheap-ass and buy her some clothes in her size. As if he had the money laying around to fashion a brand new wardrobe for a she-devil. Adam decided it was high time for some food, so he set about making his decidedly mediocre spaghetti bolognese.

“Ah, meat,” Asha said as she dug in. “Reminds me of home.”

“Eat a lot of meat, do you?”

“Not yours,” she said.

“I guess veganism isn’t hot in Hell.”

“What’s veganism?” She said among mouthfuls.

“Like, not eating any animal products? No meat, no cheese, milk, eggs, anything like that…”

“Oh. What a silly idea.” She washed the food down with several glasses of water. Once they’d eaten, her mood seemed to improve dramatically. She even attempted to tell him a joke. “Why did the little Negro cross the road?”

“Jesus,” he said, and as before, her skin bubbled at the mention of anything to do with God. “Don’t say ‘Negro,’ it’s offensive. And definitely don’t say ‘nigger.’”

“Okay,” she said, rolling her eyes. “Why did the little dark-skinned mortal cross the road?”

“I don’t know.”

“To witness his enemies being driven by the lash across a field of spikes, wailing in pain.”

“That’s supposed to be a punchline?”

“It’s funnier if you expect the punchline to be racist. But you didn’t want me to say the N word.”

Huh. I thought racism was like, par for the course in Hell.

“Oh, we definitely regard all mortals as less than the ant you thoughtlessly crush under your shoe. But we don’t distinguish based on skin color, ethnicity, religion, gender or sexual identity,” she said.

“Who knew Hell was so progressive,” he said. “But wait—do you really regard me as less than an ant?”

She cocked her head to the side and considered it. “You have the capacity for cruelty, which is a quality I admire in my enemies. But you were also kind to me, which I did not expect. And certain things indicate you might one day become a thoughtful lover, if you grow the balls to flirt with a mortal woman. I am… conflicted.”

“Does that mean if I somehow freed you, you wouldn’t torture and kill me in some terrifying manner?”

“Probably… not.”

Adam sighed. “Guess who didn’t score any brownie points with the guy holding the leash.”

“You just said ‘brownie,’” she pointed out.

“So?”

“So, isn’t that racist?”

“Jee—damn it,” he corrected himself. “Brownies are a form of cake. Brownie points is an expression. Don’t take everything so literally.”

Adam retired to his bed to leaf through the book again, and Asha sat down beside him. After a while, she began subtly rocking back and forth. Then she let a silent but deadly fart slip. He looked over at her. “Asha, do you need to go to the bathroom?”

“N-no,” she said, biting her lip.

“Well, I’m not taking the chance on you ruining Amy’s panties. Let’s go.”

“I don’t need to go.”

“You go when I say you go.”

“Y-yes, ‘master.’” She got up, holding her belly.

When they got to the bathroom, the door was locked and the shower was running. “Damn it,” Adam said. He took her back to his bedroom, and she proceeded to pace back and forth for the next fifteen minutes while insisting she could hold it.

“Listen, apparently I’m the one who has to clean you, and I didn’t sign up for this,” he said. Then he dragged her back to the bathroom, which was mercifully empty. He helped her lower her tight jeans, then her panties, and she sat down on the toilet and did her business. She did not pee, however. When he helped her up, he inspected the panties. “Thank go—thankfully there’s no stain,” he said. “You gotta tell me when you need to go.”

“I’m not a baby,” she said.

“Could have fooled me.”

They were back in his bedroom now. “What do you know about Pride?” She asked.

“About pride?”

“I am a Demon of the 1st Class, Adam,” she said. “I am a Lady of the Court of Pride, the Seventh Circle of Hell, which sits above and dominates the Sixth Circle, the Circle of Wrath. I am a Devourer, a Flayer, a proud member of the Court of my ancestors.”

“Wait, I thought Wrath was the fifth circle.”

“Do you really think Dante actually visited Hell before he wrote his silly poem?”

“Huh, guess not.”

“He didn’t visit alive, anyway.”

Adam shuddered.

“Anyway, as I was saying. I am a Scion of Pride, and on my mother’s side, of Lust. I am a standard-bearer of confidence. A crusher of hope, a denier of weakness...”

“So what you’re trying to say, in a very round-about way, is that it’s very hard for you to be seen as vulnerable or admit weakness?”

“Y-yes,” she gulped.

“Well,” he said, “like it or not, humans are weak, and your body is human now, at least for the time being. And it is far better to admit a minor weakness sooner, rather than demonstrate a major weakness later, in devastating fashion. Don’t you agree?”

She nodded.

“What did you feel when you wet yourself at the library?”

“A way I haven’t felt in a long time. Not since I was a mere spawnling.”

“Tell me about it.”

“I would rather not.” He didn’t want to push her, but at the same time, he was curious. If he could somehow understand her, understand what Hell was truly like, then maybe he could get a grip on how this all worked. Get a grip on how to send her home.

“I said, tell me about it.”

“Very well.” The color drained from her face. “I was a mere—a child, as you reckon it. Or maybe a teenager. I… How am I going to tell this story in a way that you can comprehend? Let’s try this: I had to wake my father and inform him that I had wet the bed.”

“Wait, wet the bed? Like, urine, sheets...”

“No, not like that. Not at all.” She rolled her eyes. “It did not happen like that. But the metaphysics of Hell are far greater than a tiny mortal mind can comprehend. We do not sleep, we do not urinate, we do not have beds. Even the pits of fire are just a metaphor. I’m telling you an allegory to help you understand. Nothing I’m about to tell you happened quite like that, but you can imagine something analogous, but which you couldn’t possibly wrap your little brain around, okay?”

“Go on.”

“Okay. So I woke up, realized I had somehow lost control of myself in my sleep, and that I was now drenched. I felt the smell, the cooling wetness clinging to me, the terrible shame. I cried, and then I had to tell my father what I had done. And he… Do you command me to go on?” Her lower lip trembled. She was clearly reliving a traumatic memory. Suddenly he felt like a jerk for dredging up what lay better buried.

“You can be brief if you like.”

“Suffice it to say, I thought he might punish me corporeally. Perhaps put me to the stake for a fortnight: it is not lethal to our kind, but decidedly unpleasant. But instead he did something far worse: he humiliated me in front of the entire Court at my debutante ball.”

“Your dad sounds like a jerk,” he said.

“It is the way of Hell. None of the details are exact, but my transgression was similarly immature, and the punishment equally harsh and humiliating.”

“And that’s what you felt like when you wet yourself in the library?”

“Y-yes.”

Her upper body was shaking. “Come here,” he said. She looked at him and raised an eyebrow. Adam took a deep breath, and then he pulled her close and held her. He could feel her breathing very quickly, sense the way her body tensed as he pulled her into his embrace. But then her muscles loosened, her breathing grew steadier and more regular, and she allowed him to place her head on his shoulder. They sat like that for a few minutes. Adam lost himself in the moment, but then he had to suppress the urge to subvocalize what the hell am I doing cuddling a demon?

“It turned you on, though, didn’t it?” She said suddenly.

Adam felt his cheeks warm. “You noticed?”

“My mother was a Succubus.”

“Oh.”

“Also, you said something about acting like a horny asshole. And I noticed your erection earlier, but I thought it might be the proximity to the female sex organ that did it. I didn’t get it then, but I put two and two together after.”

“I guess it’s a kink I have,” he said. “I’ve fantasized about having a bladder slave. But that was just a fantasy—I felt awful when I realized I’d forced it on you.”

“I guess I could have asked you for permission earlier,” she said.

“But that would hurt your pride, right?”

“Right.” She bit her lip again. Nervous habit?

“Don’t get cocky. I do not get nervous.” She separated herself from his embrace and gave him a glare that said, We may have just had a ‘moment’ but don’t let that fool you: I’d still incinerate you on the spot if I could.

“I’m glad to hear you are still slave to your baser instincts, as are all of mortal kind,” she said, reasserting her old, cocky bravado. “A little bit of breasts and buttocks, a little bit of urine accidentally spilled, and all the blood rushes from your big brain to your little one.”

“Tits and ass,” he corrected her. “Not breasts and buttocks.”

“Same difference.”

“Not if you want to pass for human until we get this sorted. The way you speak is like a pile of anachronisms had an orgy and your vocabulary was the outcome nine months later. And you do want to pass for human, because I want you to pass for human, and you have to do what I say.”

“Fine.”

Adam put away the book of demonology for the evening, deciding that he wasn’t getting anywhere and he might as well wait to see what Amy turned up. Instead, he booted up a game of CS:GO to take his mind off Hell. Asha stared in fascination at the computer, an invention that seemed to have passed by without notice in her Circle, but soon she was delighting in the virtual violence, and then he allowed her to play a match for herself. It went predictably badly, not so much because she had trouble adjusting to the controls, which she picked up quickly, but more so because she insisted on shooting the bodies of her dead enemies repeatedly, cackling like a maniac, while her team shouted at her over the voice chat and the remaining enemies shot her in the face or in the back.

After that, he decided to put on a couple of slasher movies, sensing that violence was a good way to cheer her up. By the time the second movie wrapped up, it was late enough to call it an early night. He scouted the living room to make sure his housemates weren’t there—didn’t want to have to explain how the girl he’d never mentioned before was now suddenly his live-in girlfriend—and led her to the bathroom. He stole a disposable toothbrush from the pack Eddie kept for the benefit of his many one-night stands—made him look like a gentleman, Eddie claimed—and brushed her teeth. Asha submitted to this indignity without a word. Then he peed in the toilet and led her back to the bedroom.

There was a text from Amy waiting for him: “Found something. Tell ya tomorrow!”

Good.

They laid down and he fell asleep almost immediately.

Early in the morning, he woke. The first thing he noticed was that his side was damp. Then he noted the smell of fresh urine in the air. Asha was fast asleep beside him, head turned away from him. He lifted the duvet and stared for a moment transfixed at her black panties, at the glistening wetness, the slow trail of pee leaking out between the wet outline of her lips, slowly making its way between her thighs onto the sheets. The slow, almost inaudible hiss of a bedwetting accident in progress. A front-row seat at one of his fantasies, in the flesh. Wait, the sheets! His sheets! Adam shook off the trance, then shook Asha awake. “You’re wetting the bed!” He whisper-shouted in her ear.

Her eyes shot up wide, then she crossed her legs, placed her hands between them and strained to stop the flow. The hissing abated. He could see in her eyes that she was mortified, but at least she didn’t cry.

“Why didn’t you tell me you needed to go?”

“I… I woke up and knew I had to urinate, but you didn’t give me permission to wake you, so I fell asleep again.”

Of course. She hadn’t peed since her accident that morning, and had quite a bit to drink in between. “I didn’t tell you not to wake me if it was an emergency!”

“Well, I didn’t want to look weak.”

“Better to have an accident than to admit you need to go like a big girl?”

“I still need to go.”

He got out of bed and helped her out, but she sank into a crouch, and then she started dripping on the floor, pee leaking out between the hands clutching at her crotch. Thinking quickly, Adam scooped up his paper bin and tried to position it between her legs. As he did, the dam burst in full, and pee began pouring out of her, through Amy’s panties and pitter-pattering into the bin. Asha closed her eyes and whimpered, then sighed, then moaned as her bladder emptied into the makeshift potty. When she was done, he had to help her up on unsteady legs. She looked at him expectantly. What does she expect, exactly?

“Hug me, you asshole mortal,” she whispered. Right, right. He hugged her, held her tight, and she sank into his embrace. She let him hold her for a minute, and then she composed herself and separated. “Right, this is a disaster,” she said, matter-of-factly. “Get me cleaned up.”

“You don’t give the orders ‘round here,” he reminded her, but he did lower her wet panties to the floor and throw them into the laundry bin, then used a towel to quickly dry her. Adam opened a window and poured the liquid contents of the paper bin out, along with a couple of used tissue papers. The damage to the bed wasn’t too bad, thankfully, so he just laid down the towel for her to sleep on, nude from the waist down. Adam tried and failed to hide his boner, and she smirked.

As he was about to fall asleep, he noticed a sound. It was hard to make out, but clearly there, a sort of wailing somewhere in the distance. Then the intensity grew, less like something approaching you from the distance and more like working the dial on a stereo, until the sound resolved into a mixture of a wolf-pack howling and a woodchipper churning through logs, and loud gnashing of teeth.

He turned to Asha, who had sat up straight in bed. Her face was a study in fear, eyes wide, color drained from her cheeks, mouth contracted to an O-shape.

“Asha, do you know what that is?” He whispered.

“A pack of hell-hounds.”

“Hell-hounds?”

“Imagine a bulldog the size of an ox, with teeth like a shark.”

“Damn.”

“Except each tooth is actually another jaw, filled with more shark’s-teeth that are each somehow larger than the jaw itself.”

“Holy shit.”

“Then imagine a pack of them.”

“Fuck.”

“It was probably sent by my father, the Pridelord of the Seventh Circle, or perhaps by my grandfather on my mother’s side, the Lustlord of the Fifth and Duke of the Spiked Dungeon. Either way, they’re both bound to be exceedingly mad at me for damaging the reputation of the clan. And by extension, mad at you.”

Adam shivered.

“They’re looking for us,” she whispered, as the sound grew more distant, then faded away into the night. “But we should be safe until morning, since they went off to chase a false lead. They only hunt at night.”

“What will they do if they catch us?”

“To me? I don’t know, but it’s going to be painful and terrible. To you? The same, I suspect, except you are mortal and will die from it. Then you might find yourself reliving that nightmare for the rest of your afterlife.”

He shuddered. She crept closer to him, and he crept closer to her, and they fell asleep holding each other.

