Desperately Exposed - Page 2

Author: SeriousSly

*027*2022-03-30 10:47

I so very appreciate everyone's kind words for both this story and my own writing style - you are all beyond kind!

Additional appreciation for everyone's continued patience on story progress (and especially for this post being a non-update). I am continuing to work on this story but I often find that I can feel if what I'm writing is the best version of what it can be, and if it is not a brief break to come back with fresh eyes and ideas has always proved fruitful.

All this to say the next chapter is continually being written, and revised, and should be posted SOON. But as such things go, to put a time frame on "SOON" would take the focus off of the story and onto the deadline.

Thanks everyone for the comments!

*030*2022-04-15 15:06

Chapter 6: The (Anti)Rain Dance

To have all the chances in the world to do something, and then to want it most only once those chances have gone away is the folly of human nature. In that same token, refusal and procrastination are built into the human experience – to refuse and refuse to do something at every possible event because something more important has come up, until finally, there is no more choice. Crossing the threshold of the classroom door Adam ambled to his desk with these thoughts weighing heavily on his mind and an increasingly full bladder weighing on his boyhood.

Taking his seat Adam began to seriously worry about the growing ocean between his legs and how long he could truly continue to stop it from flowing freely out of him. Adding to this concern Adam was in the worst possible place to be in the entire school right now, Mrs. T’s class. Mrs. T was infamous amongst the school population for being the strictest, most detention happy teacher in the building. And despite this, as the water he drank just last period continued to flow downward and look for a way out, Adam raised his hand.

“Yes, Adam?” The class turned their heads toward him.

“Mrs. T,” the boy struggled not to cross his legs, “can I please go to the bathroom?”

“No, Adam, you should have gone during passing period.” Adam opened his mouth to explain he had tried but Mrs. T cut him off before he could, “No buts! Class is in session so please focus on taking notes and learning!”

Adam was crestfallen, his face said it all to the class that had been looking on. He needed to pee desperately, and he needed Mrs. T’s answer to be different. The teen tried to avoid meeting his classmates eyes as they looked upon him – some with sympathy and some with bemused interest. He sank a little farther into his desk as his situation well and truly dawned on him. Adam sat, full bladdered, with his spout sending constant signals that it would be ready to empty at a moments notice but he could provide nowhere for that amber liquid to go. The boy was running out of sheer willpower to continue to keep his lower half dry and with forty minutes in the period to go Adam was beginning to consider drastic measures…

Mrs. T meanwhile having satisfactorily answered Adam’s question strode up to the whiteboard and addressed the class in a loud voice which demanded their attention.

“Hello class. Today in Environmental Science we will be discussing a current event effecting our very community as we speak: the drought which I’m sure you’re all aware of. We will be covering the effects of a drought on an area, as well as how people have dealt with droughts throughout the years, and how we can conserve water in times of drought. Please ensure you’re taking thorough notes as there will be a test on this later this week!”

Notwithstanding the potential flood currently threatening Adam’s underwear and his dignity he could not afford to let his grade slip in this class further than it already had or his mom would kill him. And with a feeling of hopelessness Adam resigned himself to attempting to pay as much attention as he possibly could to the lesson in front of him all the while trying to ignore his ever more urgent need. Mrs. T paid him no favors, launching straight into her lesson plan at full speed by quickly explaining what a drought was as well as several of the factors which helped to cause droughts.

Some of this even began to click with Adam as he vaguely recalled some of the talking points Keri had shared with him just earlier that morning. Over the course of several minutes however pressure continued to build and Adam found it harder and harder to continue to focus even partly on the lesson. The boy began absentmindedly squirming in his seat, shifting side to side hoping desperately to redirect some of his urgency.

Three more minutes ticked slowly by as Adam sat confined in his desk chair trying to think about anything besides peeing. And that proved to be an extremely difficult challenge. No matter how hard he tried to concentrate on the lesson Mrs. T was teaching Adam’s mind continued to bombard him with intrusive thoughts. Pee. He needed to pee so bad. All the liquid inside of him would not continue to wait. His shifting picked up a little more as he tried so hard to push the thoughts away. The boy couldn’t stop himself from fantasizing just for even a moment that he was in front of a urinal without a care in the world. His mind maddeningly drifted to the thought of the relief he could experience, even if he wasn’t. What if he just let loose right here and right now, damn the consequences. What if he just allowed the hose between his legs to wash away all of his concerns in an unrestricted stream of relief. What if -

Drip.

Out of sight from the rest of the class, under the confines of his underwear a singular golden drop of Adam’s waste water formed on the tip of his boyhood. Having used the distraction caused by his fantasizing to finally sneak out it hung there for just a second as if to see if any other pee would join in it’s escape, and more nearly did. However, feeling this drop escape drastic measures began to kick in. Adam ceased restraining his legs and crossed them immediately while also bending forward slightly to try to put non-obvious pressure on the source of his leak. Jostled by these actions the golden drop shook free from Adam’s tip and fell, making contact with the inside of his underwear. This was bad. Anyone who cared to look would see his change in posture, and obviously work out the situation had begun to deteriorate.

And then the universe seemed to smile, if just briefly, on the overly-hydrated boy as it bestowed upon him a gift. Suddenly the classroom lights dimmed and then turned fully off and the sound of an unfurling projector screen at the front of the class confirmed what was going on. Big, black bold lettering shone brightly on the projector screen:

“DROUGHTS: AN IN-DEPTH OVERVIEW”

Now shrouded in darkness Adam gratefully saw his opportunity and he embraced it. He felt the classroom eyes shift from him and onto the big bright projector screen as the video began to play. Adam took this chance to slip his hand under his desk, between his crossed legs, and confront head-on the most private part of himself which was no longer completely dry. Acting quickly the boy gave his spout a quick squeeze hoping against hope that it would help delay his need more than it did. Still, it was better than nothing and although Adam couldn't keep his hand there for long without risking another classmate taking notice he was now at the point his hand could have to start taking regular trips downward until he could take a trip to a bathroom.

Suddenly the classroom was bathed in orange light as the video on the projector screen pulled outward to reveal from a zoom shot that it was recording a forest fire. Adam tried to pay attention as best he could as the video’s seriously-toned narrator explained the cataclysmic scene on display.

“One of the most obvious and devastating effects from a drought can be wide spread wildfires as forest trees become so dry from lack of water that they act as kindling waiting for an errant spark to set whole country miles alight.”

The film cut to a scene of several grizzled looking men and women taking various pieces of equipment off a firetruck parked in the wilderness.

“Although a daunting task it is still nevertheless necessary for fire departments to curb these fires as best they can by employing several different methods, or all of them as the case may be. These can include: cutting down trees to create a fire line in the forest, starting a controlled burn to safely clear away flammable brush, and when all else fails, the fireman’s trusted ally: water.”

Adam gulped. The screen cut to a shot of a fire hose as water snaked its way down the hose line and headed towards the tip. Similar to the boy’s own hose the one on display in the video first had just a little water dribble out at the tip before then near instantly having a full stream going as it shot forward towards the fire. Taking in this, to Adam, very suggestive imagery the teen crossed his legs tighter as his full bladder weighed even heavier on it’s exit path. He watched on in unabashed envy as gallons and gallons of water were rapidly expelled from the hose, wishing instead for all the world that could instead be him lending his own waters to the efforts.

Drip. Drip.

Two more golden drops escaped from Adam’s over-burdened spout and continued down the tube they had just traveled up, this time on the outside. He felt the drops warmly sliding down himself until they reached the circular spheres sat below his spout, at which point they finished their descent of Adam’s boyhood and absorbed into the bottom of his underwear. Adam desperately crossed his legs and gave himself another squeeze as the narrator droned on.

“While in modern times our species has developed sophisticated ways of dealing with droughts and their effects, we might also ask what civilizations of times passed did to help combat these natural disasters.”

The film cut to a scene of people dressed in tribal clothing performing some sort of dance whilst chanting and jumping.

“Indeed, many ancient tribes would find solace in their gods during periods of extended droughts. Historical records indicate some tribes often performed what have become known as rain dances in an attempt to curry favor with their chosen deity so that rain might finally come to their dry homelands.”

As the figures on screen danced desperately for rain to visit their lands Adam found himself also nearly dancing in his desk seat attempting what amount to a ritual of the opposite effect. His legs began shaking and his wiggling got even more pronounced as Adam’s anti rain dance came into full swing. As his bladder pushed again the boy did everything is his power to resist what was becoming an overwhelming urge to now soak everything immediately in front of his spout, shorts or otherwise. He managed to allay the golden tide… but just barely. As Adam recovered from almost accidentally taking a complete potty break right in the middle of class a quiet girl’s voice behind him spoke up.

“Yo, can you like stop shaking please? It’s super distracting.”

He didn’t hear her, the teen was transfixed as the video had shifted to a new section:

“REDUCING WATER WASTE”

On the screen alongside this text was an outdoor water fountain, pumping at what must have been full power. Adam couldn’t handle it, he looked away, he squeezed himself openly, he felt as though at any moment he might begin flowing as a fountain right into his underwear. Even had there been just a few minutes left in the period, and there was much more than that, there was absolutely no way this urge could wait, Adam needed to pee now. The boy stood up from his desk and painfully dragged himself to Mrs. T’s desk as the video continued to highlight fountains spraying water freely into the air.

“Adam?” Mrs. T looked up from some papers she had been grading. Adam leaned over and tried his best to whisper.

“Mrs. T, please, please may I go to the bathroom.”

“I thought I already told you the answer is no young man.”

Drip.

“Please Mrs. T! Please, I really have to pee, it’s an absolute emergency!”

“Absolutely not, now return to your seat at once and let this serve as a reminder to properly utilize your passing period!”

Drip.

Adam couldn’t believe what he was hearing, he couldn’t believe his teacher would do this to him. And just as he began to protest Adam for the second time in that moment could not believe what he was hearing:

“One way to cut down on water use is to pee in the shower!” proclaimed the video on the screen. The scene cut to two shots, one of a man and one of a woman, each stood inside a shower and shot from above the shoulders sighing contentedly as the water fell on them. The implication was immediately, painfully obvious to Adam. Staring in horror as these two actors freely voided themselves onto the ground below Adam knew for sure he could take no more waiting as his bladder pushed once again with even greater force against his hidden hose. In that moment, the battle between brain and bladder was finally decided and Adam did as his bladder commanded, damn the consequences.

The boy ran out of the classroom as quickly as he could leaving behind him a trail of surprised gasps and shouted words from his class and his teacher respectively. There could be no doubt of Adam’s target as he sped down the halls with his hands firmly clamped between his legs, attempting to hold back his desperately needed pee for just a minute more: the teen moved as quickly as he could towards the nearest bathroom on this side of the school.

And he got there. Underwear only sporting a couple of wet spots. Adam could feel his bladder finally run out of room as urine in need of space pushed its way down his spout toward the exit. As Adam pushed on the door to the boy’s room (this one finally, actually opening) he began unbuttoning and unzipping his shorts, fully primed and ready to flood the nearest urinal. But stepping through the doorway Adam bumped into something else – a person.

“Hey! Watch it man!”

In front of Adam stood an older, much more built out student and in front of that student stood many, many other boys of a similar description in a line. The entire school’s varsity football team was in front of Adam, seemingly having just come in from gym to take a needed rest break. There must have been thirty to forty of these towering players, and only two stalls and four urinals in the bathroom to receive them. Most of the team stood in line waiting patiently for their turn while six others players availed themselves of the boy’s room facilities.

Adam could hear the relief that filled the room as other boys let loose several yellow streams against the porcelain fixtures in the room. Looking over Adam could see the streams originating from the players’ front facing male apparatus. Adam could not stand to witness all the triggering events occurring in the room. He could not wait!

“No no no no!”

And just like that, it had begun. Adam’s boyhood could no longer delay in carrying out what it had wanted to do this morning in Adam’s home toilet. The dam finally sprung a leak and Adam’s spout began to freely flow.

As he felt the whiteness of his briefs no doubt begin to discolor to match the amber liquid voiding into them Adam took one final desperate measure. Releasing his hold on his shorts Adam used one hand to yank open his underwear and the other hand to physically squeeze shut his voiding hose as the bathroom’s onlookers observed in shock. Adam’s shorts, having been unzipped and unbuttoned, fell leaving the boy standing in his underwear in the boy’s room with one hand disappeared into his unmentionables. But at this point none of that mattered to the teen.

Shaking loose his shorts to prevent tripping Adam immediately turned around and ran back out the door and into the hallway. He needed a spot where he could pee and he needed to find that spot in the next couple of seconds or he would be horribly, horribly drenched by his own hose. The idea came to Adam in an instant almost as if from heaven itself: outside.

Next to the boy’s room was an enclosed staircase allowing access to the second floor of the school, but more importantly on the other side of that staircase room was a door leading to the school’s back fields. It was absolutely perfect and Adam was ready to use any kind of potty, even a natural one. Barging through the doors to the staircase he swiftly navigated around the stairs desperately trying to keep his grip on a spout that was trying its best to finally relieve the overburdened bladder behind it. All of the pent up pee that had accumulated since the last time Adam had relieved himself oh so many hours ago pushed again on the exit as Adam struggled to make the exterior door with some semblance of dryness.

Finally pushing through the windowed exterior door Adam was greeted with a rush of slightly warm late morning air and the beautiful sight of an empty fields area. The sports fields were completely empty with the varsity teams currently on break and that was a blessing for the boy who could not have afforded to take another step forward. Right here would have to do. Without hesitation Adam used his one free hand to grip the elastic side of his underwear and whip it down with such force that it went past his knees and dropped to the ground below him. For the first time in over twelve hours Adam’s spout finally fell free from its cloth confines and was embraced by the sun rays which fell upon it, now bared to the world. And so, completely exposed from the waist down Adam leaned his bare butt against the glass behind him, closed his eyes, and ceased attempting to delay his well needed piss any longer.

Still jostling around from its sudden release from the boy’s underwear, Adam’s spout began expelling liquid in all directions. Adam couldn’t have cared less as he leaned back with his eyes closed and listened to the sounds of well needed relief begin to patter onto the grass and concrete in front of him. The world was his oyster, and his potty. A warm breeze caressed the boy’s nude bottom half and he enjoyed the feeling of that juxtaposed with the cold glass on his bare butt, all the while freely peeing without even feeling a single change in his bladder’s capacity. The boy felt as though he could continue peeing and peeing and peeing and peeing forever…

… Walking down the school halls from one meeting to another Vice Principal Roberts adjusted her tight blond bun to make sure it was still properly in place. Then she gave her suit jacket a quick dust off checking for any potential crumbs and looking closely to ensure her morning coffee hadn’t spilled anywhere without her noticing. As the one charged with keeping order in the school she held herself to an almost astonishingly high standard and expected nearly the same out of the students she watched over. Completing her brief self inspection in about 4.67 seconds she concluded everything was exactly how it should be and focused her attention back onward.

Stilettos clicking on the hard linoleum floor as she walked to her second floor meeting Mrs. Roberts found her train of thought regarding next year’s school budget interrupted by an obvious rule violation farther down the hall from her. She saw a boy running down the hall at breakneck speeds only to suddenly disappear into the boy’s room. While the VP could easily guess why the student had been running she nonetheless could not stand by while one of the members of her school flagrantly broke a rule, no matter what the reason. Mrs. Roberts resolved her meeting could wait a moment for her to speak with this boy when he came back out and began walking instead toward the boy’s room.

However, before the Vice Principal reached the bathroom the situation went from bad to completely ridiculous as she saw the same boy, this time clad only in his undergarments, dash out of the bathroom and into the staircase. Mrs. Roberts couldn’t believe her eyes, this absolute tomfoolery would not be permitted in this fine educational establishment! She picked up pace, not running of course, but walking even more briskly now as she approached the bathroom. The door remained open from when the boy had just rushed out and peering in she saw the whole of the boy’s varsity football team uproariously laughing and a pair of discarded pants on the floor. It made perfect sense to her that of course the football team would have a hand in this; the Vice Principal made a mental note to speak immediately with the team’s coach and schedule a stern talking to. But for now these athletes could wait, she had a streaking hooligan to catch.

Past the bathroom and through the stairwell doorway Mrs. Roberts mentally steeled herself for the yelling she would inevitably need to do in order to catch this nearly naked boy. However as she looked up and across the room those thoughts completely dissipated from her mind and she stood speechless at the sight before her eyes.

Two pale globes shadowed by the mid-morning sun were pressed against the exterior glass door with a shimmering stream falling underneath the two of them. The undergarment which had previously been covering the rushing boy’s private area was now slightly slumped against the ground, covering absolutely nothing and allowing Mrs. Roberts a completely unobstructed view of the student’s bare butt, slightly smushed against the glass. The young man was obviously too busy relieving all of the pent up pressure from his bladder to have even had a chance of noticing the stairwell door Mrs. Roberts had gone through.

The Vice Principal was completely unsure of how to handle this kind of situation – she had never seen a student in this manner before and just as she felt a rising rage within her, she also felt a strong desire to look away out of respect for the student’s privacy. Still though, something this egregious could absolutely not be allowed to continue. How dare this boy insult her school by not only running around naked but also peeing on school property! There was no question, she spoke up:

“Excuse me young man!”

The boy flung around in startled surprise. She had been definitely right about the man part. The glass began getting a complete wash down before the spout was finally, forcefully turned off. Bladder still significantly unrelieved.

