Zelda's Friend (2nd Zelda story)

Author: SecretPerson

*000*2016-07-12 16:41

Hello all!

I finally have more Zelda content to share with you! You'll see when you start reading how long this has been in the making :P

This story is over three times as long as the already-long Zelda's Visit

, the first story in the series (not required reading to understand this one, but it would give a little background). So, I've divided it into three parts and I will be posting them in this thread as I finish editing them; it should be about 2-4 days in between each one.

As always, comments and constructive criticism are more than welcome :)

Now, without further ado...

PART 1/3

At 11:55 PM, on December 31 of 2014, Zelda began emptying her bladder into her own toilet. It was the conclusion of a great big hold – that is, one of large volume, and a pee much needed, if Zelda ever “needed” a pee – but the start of one that was to be great in its significance: Zelda planned to be the very last person to pee in the year 2015. (Time zones were a bit of an issue, but Zelda told herself she would simply count from her local midnight, and put aside the small dissatisfaction it gave her; she wasn't planning any travel anyway).

At 11:59 PM of the same day, Zelda finished emptying her bladder – a bit closer than she had intended to cut it, but her phone assured her she still had 40 seconds to spare. She pulled up her pink underwear and blue pajama pants and headed back to her room to watch the ball drop on her laptop. As it struck the bottom of the post, the clock in the center of town called out the first of twelve sonorous booms. Zelda had decided in advance that she would hear this same sequence of twelve rings at least nine more times – five noons and four midnights, or four and a half days – before she would pee again.

At least! thought Zelda, and she closed her laptop and began sipping a cup of coffee (she was a bit of a night-owl).

The first sunrise 2015 saw Zelda – in all her curvy, plentiful self – asleep in her bed, breathing her not-quite-excessive chest up and down regularly. Noon, though, found her up and about, going through a normal day, the matter of her New Year's Resolution not yet relevant, as she felt no urge to use the bathroom. She wore light blue jeans that fitted comfortably around her, and a yellow T-shirt that was thin and tight enough that if you looked carefully – and Zelda was the sort of person who might let you if you weren't a creep about it – you could just make out a pink bra keeping her large breasts squeezed against her chest.

The day was uneventful. The giant-bladdered girl had no trouble keeping track of the time and date on her own, but when the town clock had struck noon she had mentally ticked it off as the first of the nine times she would need to hear that twelve-ring sequence, and when it struck midnight that same day – or rather, just barely the next one – she checked off another. By this time she could feel a little bit of pee building up inside her, but it was no problem at all to ignore it. It was only a day's worth of pee, nothing to fret about.

On the second day, things wouldn't yet get fun, but as Zelda thought to herself as she showered off with slick motions and smooth movements, they might start to get interesting. This day's clothes were a simple blue, puffy skirt covering red panties (with only a few inches to spare) and a black bra under a blacker shirt (such attire was appropriate despite the season, as the weather had been showing a reluctance to get on with the cold and snow that Winter was supposed to bring). Before putting them on, Zelda inspected her tummy, and found it to already be sticking out a small amount. This was no surprise; over the years of her holding, Zelda had learned to see the relationship of the urgency level of her bladder with its size in her belly. What she saw exactly corresponded to what she was feeling: a minor urge, sitting on the escape valve, so to speak, but not pressing in excess of its own weight.

Today was Friday, and having the day off (by virtue of it being the only day this week she would have worked, so her employer had decided “screw it”) Zelda went to the mall. She had a few errands to run, and she planned to eat lunch out if she could find a good place. On her drive there she was accompanied by two water bottles, a replacement for the juice of the breakfast she had missed in her sleep.

And as Zelda thought of breakfast, it occurred to her that she was ravenous, so although it was only ten in the morning, she turned down the idea of eating at whatever convenient mall restaurant popped up and instead turned off into a fast-food place she visited regularly. There was no line at all due to the odd time, and she even had to call out to get someone to come to the counter.

“Coming!” said a voice that had become familiar to Zelda over the years she had eaten here. It belonged to Jewel – a small, friendly, African-American girl who had worked at the place for several years, and had become a nice acquaintance of Zelda's, through a greeting here and a few words of small-talk there. Her bright green eyes and straight black hair smiled along with her as she came around the corner and said “Oh! Hi, Zelda. What brings you here at this hour?”

“I slept through breakfast” Zelda chuckled, already preparing the payment. “And no work today. My boss is super enthusiastic about New Year's.”

“Lucky you! All I get is a holiday card,” Jewel said with a smile. Will you be having the regular?”

But Zelda's attention had fallen to Jewel's outfit – a green tank-top that hopped over her medium-small chest but then lacked the energy to make it all the way down to her waist. This revealed a small bulge in her tummy that was probably nothing at all, but which nonetheless raised a suspicion in Zelda's mind, which she briefly put down her wallet to focus on. Could it be?

The second half of the girl's speech hit her suddenly, and she said with a start “Oh! Uhm, yes, the usual please.”

Jewel had already started ringing her up tentatively; now she finished it off. She pulled a tray from behind the counter and set it on top; she took the receipt neatly off the machine just as it finished printing and put it on the tray; a cup was summoned from somewhere Zelda couldn't trace with her eyes, so smooth was Jewel. In the same motion as all the set-up – really, in the same motion as their whole encounter thus far – the girl turned and disappeared back into the kitchen.

This left Zelda alone. She looked about the empty restaurant, and gave her bladder a moment to speak. It complained a bit about its mild task of containing a day and a half of pee – pee which weighed a bit more than it had an hour ago, it seemed – but Zelda shut it up. She then turned her thoughts to another bladder, which was perhaps just as full, if her eyes hadn't betrayed her, and one which in that case would be of much greater interest: Jewel's. In that one moment in which Jewel was turning, Zelda had glimpsed a perfect side view of the thin, petite girl, and one thing seemed just a tad out of place: the slight bulge protruding from her tummy.

Surely, it couldn't be! Surely, Zelda's eyes had lied.

Her contemplation was cut short; Jewel emerged once again from the kitchen, carrying a bag containing two hard tacos and a sour cream, along with a bag of chips – Zelda's usual. Zelda payed and thanked Jewel, and, wary of being indiscreet, refrained from glancing even once more at her belly-region. If she truly is holding, Zelda reasoned, then she will hold again.

Zelda filled her large fountain-drink with soda, the two bottles of water she had just drank in the car the farthest thing from her mind, and drank it heartily and unhesitatingly throughout her meal, even going so far as to refill on her way out, having almost drained it completely. Jewel had not come out again from the back-area in the time that Zelda was there, so she simply left, taking her drink with her. Having eaten something of a brunch, she was now having second thoughts about going on a shopping trip. Perhaps she would just stay home today. Tomorrow, maybe, she would go out with the considerably full bladder she would have by then, and challenge herself to remain discreet.

The plan was settled as the large girl proceeded out to her car, sipping her drink flirtatiously, as if to tease herself with her own bladder, which was filling slowly but surely.

By the time she returned home after the 30-minute drive, Zelda had finished off the second soda, and the effects of the first soda and the water from earlier were beginning to make themselves apparent. It wasn't a problem at all, of course; she was still completely in control. Still – the third set of chimes sang, signaling noon of the second day, and she felt perhaps a bit more than a three-ninths full. She could easily hold until the desired time anyway, of course. Well, scratch the easily, but she could do it. It was just a matter of making sure not to overload herself.

Enough! Zelda's past 6 months of training since her failure at Crystal's house had not gone to nothing. She had learned control, confidence, and most of all, capacity. Her capacity, she had measured, had increased greatly, and she was no longer a little girl. She would hold until the time she needed to, and she would keep on holding after that, and she would hold until any who dared to challenge her had long since wet themselves! Only then, only then (!) would she allow herself to calmly sit down on a toilet and release her bladder's contents.

The matter was closed. Zelda took out a book as much to actually read it as to simply sit doing something other then paying attention to her bladder (this was not done out of panic or any such desire or necessity to forget her urge, but rather out of sheer annoyance, of course, and— enough, enough!)

It was now ten past eight in the evening on the second day. The book Zelda had chosen randomly off of her shelf had enthralled her, and had kept her reading through it – and then through its two short sequels – for the whole time. She wondered why it hadn't ever made itself known before!

Oh well. She set the wonderful trio tenderly back where she had once stuffed it so carelessly, and stood to stretch. She arched her back, and in doing so stuck her bladder out from her belly, pressing it tight against the skin – giving her a harsh reminder of what she had ignored for eight more hours, but one which she chose to continue ignoring now– and allowing it to shine in all its curviness, right alongside the other wonderful curves of her body – and all on the second day!

Something in her pocket disturbed her; she reached in to find out what it was, but found nothing.

Nothing?

Nothing at all!

Zelda turned at the waist and looked at the chair she had been sitting in. Seeing nothing, she turned the rest of her body and knelt down to run her arm around the cracks of the comfy old thing and see if what she was looking for had fallen into one of them. Her wallet, however, was nowhere to be found! Thinking back on the day, she deduced that it could only be at the restaurant where she had eaten earlier.

The thirty-minute drive was made in twenty, without one thought of piss. When she got there, she saw Jewel just closing up shop, as the restaurant closed at 8:30 on Fridays. Jewel had a bit of a concerned look on her face, but when she turned around and saw Zelda, it immediately melted off and was replaced with one of relief and delight.

“Zelda!” she cried. “I'm so glad you're here! You left your wallet here earlier today, and I didn't know what to do! I was just gonna leave it in the back with a note, but– well here, lemme go get it for you.”

Jewel disappeared back into the store before Zelda could open her mouth to say thanks. When she emerged, she held Zelda's wallet in her hand, and handed it back to its owner, who took it gratefully.

“Thank you so much!” said Zelda. “I don't know what I would've done if you hadn't found this.”

Jewel laughed a little. “It was nothing,” she said, almost with a blush.

“No, really,” Zelda said. “This is a big deal. Thank you so much.”

Jewel smiled. “You're welcome. Have a good night, okay?”

“You too,” Zelda said, and almost hugged her. Instead, though, she turned to leave, but before she had taken two steps, she heard a quite “crap!” come from behind her. She turned immediately and asked “What's the matter?”

Jewel looked at her. “I locked my car keys inside!”

“I'll drive you home!” Zelda said it instantly, and without any intention of making Jewel owe her one – the finding of her wallet was more than enough.

Jewel looked down and said quietly “House key too.”

“You can stay at my place.”

Jewel looked up at Zelda. She seemed slightly stunned by the suggestion, and impulse acceptance was on the tip of her tongue, but then she looked away and said “No. I wouldn't ask you to do that. Thank you, but no.”

Zelda pursued. “It's no trouble at all! You practically saved my life by finding my wallet – it has everything in there. The least I can do is keep you out of the cold until you get your keys back.”

Jewel looked down and contemplated the matter with visible indecision. “Are– are you completely sure it's no trouble at all? I wouldn't be in the way of anything?”

“No trouble at all! You'd be a welcome guest.”

Jewel hesitated. “...Okay. I– thank you. Thank you for doing this for me.”

The genuine smile on Zelda's face as she said again that it was no trouble told Jewel that she really was welcome, so she got awkwardly into the passenger's seat of Zelda's car as Zelda got into the driver's seat, and they were off.

Halfway through the drive home, Zelda remembered what she had seen earlier: a hint that perhaps Jewel was holding as well. At first she was reluctant even to look, so sure was she that she had been mistaken. It was less than a minute, though, before curiosity overcame her, and she sneaked a glance down at Jewel's tummy.

She couldn't believe her eyes. The bulge had grown at least a centimeter since she had seen it earlier. What's more, seeing it from the side for more than half a second was enough to convince Zelda that this was in fact a bladder bulge.

Jewel was holding too!

Zelda pretended not to notice. A few minutes later, she saw Jewel sneaking a few glances back at her tummy, probably coming to the same conclusion about Zelda.

The rest of the drive was filled by thoughts alone. Holding one's pee until one's bladder bulged out of one's belly wasn't, generally speaking, something that normal people did. To bring it up in front of someone who wasn't into it would inappropriate, not to mention the fact the one who brought it up would then have to go and pee – thus ruining her hold – lest it be awkward that the hearer knew she had to go.

Neither girl, therefore, said anything, though both did in fact have gradually filling enormous bladders, and both were trying to hold for multiple days. When they arrived at Zelda's house, they went inside and sat on the sofa, both of them looking awkwardly around in search of a way to indicate her own bladder without making a fool of herself if the other one wasn't interested.

After a minute, Jewel broke the ice. “You got a bathroom I could use?”

“Yeah!” said Zelda, and hopped up. She walked down the hall, with Jewel following, and pointed out the bathroom.

Jewel nodded. “Ah, thanks!” She went back to the couch and sat back down. “Just for reference.”

“Of course.” Zelda sat back down with her. After a moment Jewel indicated the bookshelf, and Zelda nodded and smiled. Jewel picked off a book and began reading, and Zelda followed suit.

It wasn't long, though, before neither of the girls was really reading. At perhaps 9:30, Jewel sighed and said “I have to pee.”

Zelda stirred up a bit, readying herself for the vocal circling that was about to begin. “Me too,” she said tentatively.

Jewel shrugged and smiled kindly. “You can go first. It's your bathroom.”

“Meh. I'll probably go later.”

“Yeah, me too.”

They paused. Zelda took a slight risk: “I gotta go pretty bad though.” (By now, this was nearly true. Nearly.)

Jewel put a hand on her bulge and rubbed it slightly. “Yeah, so do I.”

Zelda eyed her carefully. “Holding since New Year's?” she asked quietly.

“Yep!” Jewel confirmed, then beamed. “Nice to meet another big-league holder for once!”

She stuck out her hand, and Zelda shook it firmly. “I'll hold circles around you.”

“You'll eat those words.”

Day three was upon them. Zelda woke up with a hand between her legs, but removed it quickly, only to place it back down again on her growing belly. She felt it up and down and pressed it in a little, savoring the little pangs it sent through her, before getting up and going to the living room, where Jewel was sleeping on the couch. She admired Jewel's bladder bulge, which by now had grown to nearly an inch and a half coming out of her belly, and noticed with slight indigence that Jewel was not holding herself in her sleep. She woke the girl up.

Jewel sat up and rubbed her eyes, looked around with some confusion, then remembered where she was. She looked up at Zelda and said “Good morning!”, then stood and stretched. Her own bulge rivaled Zelda's in size, but although Zelda knew she must be rather full at this point – she herself certainly was – Jewel showed no signs of it. This was expected; Zelda was holding discretely too.

Zelda proceeded to her kitchen and began taking out some breakfast ingredients: eggs, bacon, and sausage, and a pan to cook them in. She called out to the living room “How many eggs can you eat?”

“Probably just one,” came the response. “I'm tiny!”

Zelda couldn't help saying “so's your bladder” under her breath, to which the sing-songy reply came: “I heard that!” Zelda smiled and rolled her eyes as she took out the jug of orange juice and the jug of milk and set them on the table with two tall glasses. She looked over at Jewel and raised her eyebrows, but Jewel simply poured herself a glass of milk and began sipping it. Zelda poured herself a matching glass orange juice to sip on while making breakfast.

As she stood in front of the stove once more, her bladder tugged at her consciousness. It was now full enough that she had to give it some thought now and again, and not the off-handed my-bladder's-full-oh-that's-cute sort. When Zelda thought about it, she really did need to pee.

So she tried not to think about it. She sipped her orange juice and flipped the eggs in their pan. She flipped the sausage next, and then the bacon. Pretty soon she had a nice little rhythm going where she just kept on doing little things one after another and used these things to occupy her mind as she cooked.

When she brought the food out to the table, however, she had to sit down and sit still, but the bites she took were spread too thin to accommodate the task of bladder-distraction. So she just sat up straight and held it like a big girl. She was not squirming, nor giving any other indication of her fullness, because she was freaking Zelda, and she could hold her bladder.

At this point, it occurred to her for the first time to check up on how Jewel was feeling. She first looked over at the girl, and found her to be seemingly doing just fine: she was sitting about as still as anyone would without feeling any urge to pee, and looking at her face one wouldn't suspect that she was going through any turmoil; furthermore, when asked how she was doing, she simply responded with “I'm doing fine, thanks!” and a smile.

When Zelda inquired about the state of her friend's bladder, she got a similar answer.

“Empty,” Jewel said, and poured herself another glass of milk. Zelda eyed her suspiciously, but of course a glance at Jewel's bladder revealed that she was lying. She continued looking at her new competitor as she poured herself another glass of orange juice to match Jewel's glass of milk.

After breakfast, Jewel stood and stretched her arms high above her head, which lifted her green shirt up a bit and pushed her midsection forward, emphasizing her nicely-sized bladder bulge, which she proceeded to rest one hand on and rub a little (it gave way only slightly, an indication to Zelda that is was hard and full). After stretching, Jewel sighed deeply and put her hands on her hips, then sat back down and gulped the rest of her milk; Zelda, seeing this, hastily drank down the rest of her orange juice.

Jewel laughed, then grinned. “Afraid I'll accuse you of cheating if you don't drink as much as me?”

“It would be cheating if I didn't drink as much as you.” came the reply.

Suddenly, though, Jewel seemed to realize something, and became quite shy and awkward. She assumed an inward pose, and began to avoid eye contact with Zelda. Zelda looked at her inquisitively and was about to ask what was wrong when she realized what it was with a start.

“Oh!” she said. “Are you wondering if-” Jewel looked up. “It's– oh, hey, you're more than welcome to stay here over the weekend if you like!” When Jewel looked up shyly, Zelda smiled mischievously. “Of course I'll want you to be here when you pee yourself.”

Jewel's shyness melted a little, and she smiled back. “...Alright.” she finally said. “I guess I can stay long enough to beat you at this.”

Zelda smiled. “Awesome.”

“What do you want to do for lunch?” Jewel asked.

The clock in the center of town had just struck twelve – for the fifth time, Zelda counted – and both girls were hungry. They had spent a good part of the morning chatting away, about not only pee and the holding thereof, but also a suite of other things – all the talking that they had never gotten to do since they had become informal friends at the restaurant – and by now Jewel was comfortable being Zelda's guest.

“I dunno.” Zelda said. She paused. “Are you in the mood for fast food?”

Jewel rubbed her belly. “Yeah, anything's good!”

“I know a place, then.” Zelda said. She told Jewel what she had in mind, and Jewel agreed happily, so they started driving. Zelda was careful not to let her bladder cause a safety issue as she drove – she had encountered this problem once or twice before, but it seemed to her that the general solution was simply not to drive when she was bursting, the same way she wouldn't drive when she was drunk (luckily, she wasn't bursting yet; as for her commute to work on normal days, she walked or rode her bike).

When they arrived at twenty past noon, the place was packed. Jewel went to get a table while Zelda stood in line to order their food. Luckily, this particular fast food place lived up to the former half of the term: by half past noon their number was called. Zelda went to retrieve their food: a burrito for Zelda, a hard taco for Jewel, and extra large drinks for both of them – free refills.

At first, both girls ate normally, taking an occasional sip of their drinks when they felt like it, but it wasn't long before Zelda caught Jewel's eye and took an extra long sip of her own drink, implicitly challenging Jewel to do the same. Jewel responded by taking an even longer sip of hers. The girls barely broke eye contact as they each took another bite of their respective meals, then each proceeded to each take another long sip, Zelda leading. After this second pair of sips, Jewel took the lid off of her drink and took a huge gulp of it. Zelda, not to be outdone, took off her own lid and took a huge gulp, followed by another. Jewel rolled her eyes and quickly downed the whole rest of her drink (which had not been anywhere near empty); before she even finished doing so Zelda was working on hers, and after both cups were empty the girls slammed their cups down, looking daggers into each other's eyes.

“Refills?” Zelda suggested, in the tone of voice one might use to suggest a duel to the death.

“Of course.” Both holders stood up and refilled their cups to the brim. They sat back down and began drinking again with almost as much speed as before. About halfway through the new liquid, though, the drinking slowed to a stop by silent mutual consent, and they resumed eating their meals.

Right after they were done eating, the gulping down of their sodas resumed, taking them once more to the bottom of their cups.

“One for the road?” Jewel asked.

“Why not?” Again they refilled their cups, but after throwing away their trash and exiting the restaurant, they found themselves reluctant to take any more gulps, or even sips, for both girls now were feeling a good amount of pee building up inside of them (and a good urge to go with it), and as much as they would have liked to continue their drinking game, they recognized that it might be best for both of them if they took a break, at least long enough for the soda they had just had to make its way down from their stomachs into their bladders.

The ride home, therefore, underscored neither the brown of the soda contained in each girl's cup, nor the yellow of the pee contained in their bladders; rather its theme turned out to be the blue and gray of the rain that had begun to fall while they were leaving and which intensified practically into a storm before they were home, as though even the clouds themselves couldn't hold their pee anymore. When Zelda commented on the rain to her companion, she got a response which contained none of the usual cheerful, bright enthusiasm Jewel normally exhibited: a mere “yeah” and an uncomfortable shift in the car seat.

“You alright?” Zelda asked. Jewel perked up immediately, and removed her hand from her lower bladder-region, where it had been resting.

“Yeah!” she said, smiling. “I'm fine!” She nearly laughed it.

“Oh. Okay,” Zelda said, just as she pulled into the driveway. When the two got out of the car, however, she noticed that Jewel was still displaying signs of discomfort when she thought Zelda couldn't see her: she bend over after getting out of the car; she clutched at her stomach as she climbed the stairs to Zelda's door; she pressed her legs together as she waited for Zelda to unlock it.

Back inside and on the couch again, the girls watched the rain fall idly. It was around one o'clock in the afternoon, and the weekend thus far was turning out to be rather uninteresting, save for the wonderful new friend Zelda was meeting. This was due entirely to their relative immobility, which in turn was due partly to their growing disinterest in normal, non-holding activities, and partly to the fact that Zelda wasn't sure she could drive safely anymore.

In the silence of the moment – a silence even more complete than that which Zelda heard when no one else was in the house, it seemed – Zelda's mind wandered abstractly, in the way one's mind does when one has no particular thoughts to think, or when one is on the edge of sleep. It began with the rain, which reminded her immediately of her bladder (though almost anything would have at this point – it was beginning to reach a level of fullness that she couldn't ignore). Next it wandered to the concept of bladders in general, then to holding in general, and finally to Jewel. Jewel, in Zelda's eyes, was turning out to be quite enthralling: her small size and mirthful energy made her rather adorable, in fact, and Zelda wondered why she had never noticed before. They had exchanged smalltalk at least once a week – and usually more – for several years, and all along this wonderful friend had been lying just beneath the surface.

A conversation topic struck Zelda, and she blurted it out.

“How are things at the restaurant you work at? Do you like it there?”

Jewel considered the question with mild surprise; the friends had exchanged mostly small-talk until now – with an occasional dive into deeper waters, and of course open discourse about the state of their bladders – and although this question was rather simple and shallow, the tone with which Zelda asked it implied that she wanted a deeper answer. The mood of the rain cast about a slow, considering attitude to the conversation, so it was nearly a full minute before Jewel answered.

“...Yeah, I do. It's actually pretty cool. The work's not too bad, and the pay is good too, I guess.”

Seeing, she thought, a small hint of reluctance, Zelda didn't press for more.

In the ambient storm, each girl took a book and read to herself for a while.

END OF PART 1
