Zelda's Friend (2nd Zelda story)

Author: SecretPerson

*002*2016-07-17 23:32

PART 2/3

Six hours passed, and it was now 7:30 in the evening on the third day of their adventure. The sun had retired under the horizon and the rain had died down to a drizzle, but the girls' bladders were as full as ever, with their last pees being over 67 hours ago and the soda from earlier coursing in. Zelda had just finished her book, and as she closed it and stood up to stretch, the fullness of her bladder came sloshing back to her. She held her arms straight above her head and swung her hips around a bit, which only served to shake up her swollen belly more. She put her hand on the bulge and pressed gently.

“Whew!” she said. “I don't know about you, but I really need to pee.” Jewel looked up at Zelda from her sitting position, and put her hand on her own bladder.

“I'm desperate,” she said. “That soda's really getting to me.”

Zelda chuckled. “Me too.” She couldn't help jiggling her legs forward and back for a few seconds, and she bent forward for a moment afterwards. “Really.”

It occurred to Zelda that she wasn't exactly on track for making it to four and a half days. She had only heard the center-of-town bells strike twelve five times out of nine, and already she was struggling to contain her bladder. It wasn't as though she wasn't completely in control – she was, of course, being Zelda – but as she inspected the size of her bulge (maybe two inches from her normal flat tummy) and evaluated the urgency of her pee-needs (fairly high, causing non-ignorable discomfort and taking nontrivial effort to contain) she realized that she was, if not ahead of schedule, then certainly pressed right up against her quota.

“Hey– should we drink those sodas we left in the fridge earlier?”

It was Zelda who suggested it, despite her thoughts moments earlier, and she did so with her typical outward confidence and subsequent inward regret.

“Yeah, we should!” Jewel replied, with equal confidence and, Zelda suspected, equal inward doubt. But Zelda always honored her word, and Jewel would never dare to be outdone. The girls went to the kitchen and grabbed out their cups from earlier, neither one wanting to be the first to back down. With a last glance at one another, they drank the soda down, with such speed that neither of them had to stop for breath. After drinking, they tossed their empty cups into the trash and sighed. Jewel bit her lip and twisted her legs together involuntarily.

“It seems someone's getting a bit full!” Zelda teased.

“Why, not at all! I don't think I could pee if I tried.”

“Of course not,” Zelda said. “And certainly not if I tickled you.”

Jewel's eye met Zelda's, and for the first time since the car ride, the former contained real doubt.

“You wouldn't.”

“Wouldn't I?”

The girls looked at one another for a frozen moment, Jewel's expression one of fear for her bladder control (amplified by her slow stepping back and forth) and Zelda's one of playful mirth (and only a hint of her ever-increasing struggle). The tables turned, however, when Jewel lunged forward and began tickling Zelda! Zelda first giggled, then laughed wildly as Jewel's fingers poked and prodded her sides up and down. She flailed uncontrollably, desperately trying to keep from peeing herself. Finally she gained enough control to take Jewel by the shoulder and hold her back with one hand, while holding her pee back with the other, crossing her legs to help.

“Enough!” said Zelda. “Enough. I won't tickle you if you don't tickle me, okay?”

Jewel grinned. “Sure!” She stuck out her hand, and Zelda shook it.

Activity between the two giant-bladder girls soon slowed down to a near halt, as though it had been powered by the sun. They went back to the living room and sat on the couch to switch idly between reading, checking their phones, and looking passively out the window (all of this punctuated with an occasional status update on how full one of the girls was getting, or how the other one was nearly pissing herself).

By ten in the evening, they decided it was time for bed. Jewel wrapped herself in the blanket Zelda had given her the night before, and Zelda stood go to her own room. Before she did, however, she knelt down beside the sofa.

“Hi!” said Jewel.

“Hello.” Zelda grinned mischievously. “May I have a reprieve from our deal so I can tickle you?”

Jewel considered it dramatically. “Hmmmmmmmmmm...well, tickling is well known to increase one's need to pee, and right now I am...just about to pee my pants.” She grinned.

Zelda, taking this as a no, began to stand, but Jewel said “So yes, go ahead. I can take it!”

Zelda smiled, then knelt back down and cracked her knuckles, before going to work on Jewel's sides. Jewel twisted and squirmed around, but she was cornered from escaping, so for the full minute Zelda carried on, the girl was helpless. By the end, she really was about to piss herself, and she couldn't mask that fact as anything but what it was: she scissored her legs violently and squeezed herself between the legs for minutes after Zelda was done.

Finally, Jewel slowed her legs to a halt and removed her hands from her crotch with a groan. But still she smiled as she said “I hope you enjoyed yourself; I almost peed all over your couch!”

“I did enjoy myself!” Zelda said. “I'm getting closer to winning every minute!” And with that, she went off to bed.

In the morning of the fourth day, Zelda woke up as any girl might: her legs were crossed gently, her pillow was a bit sideways, and her hair was ruffled and static-y. As any girl might be, she was vaguely aware of a fullness in her lower tummy asking to be let out.

When she stood and stretched, however, the illusion of normalcy shattered; her bladder's extreme fullness flooded back to her, and she had to end her stretch prematurely to crouch down and hold herself in time to stop the pee from coming out. She stayed crumpled up and near to the ground for a shamefully long time – what seemed like an hour but was no more than 30 seconds – before slowly rising and removing her hand. She looked down at her belly and was delighted to see it sticking out far and wide, containing a bladder which, despite being even fuller than it had been when she had rushed to the bathroom half a year ago at Crystal's place, was still under her control. She put her hand on the three-inch bulge and rubbed it lovingly.

Walking to her closet to pick out clothes and then to the bathroom for her shower without squirming took some effort, but she maneuvered through it successfully. Actually undressing proved to be a different matter: as she leaned back to pull off her shirt and undo her large bra, and as she lifted one leg and then the other to peel off her pants and socks, and as she doubled over to draw down her panties, she found that these actions applied to her bladder a pressure which she couldn't ignore inconspicuously; she ended up dancing around on the spot – little enough that it wouldn't have given her away in public, but still enough that she felt ashamed (and still enough to cause her aforementioned impressive breasts to jiggle energetically).

Once she was fully undressed, she took a moment to practice her discipline by snapping into a straight upright position and stopping all desperate movements cold turkey She planted her feet on the ground shoulder-distance apart and held her hands behind her back, transferring full responsibility of bladder control to sheer willpower. Her willpower bent and strained under the load, but managed to keep her bare legs and the bathroom floor dry. It wasn't half a minute before she had regained full control, but she still chastised herself as she turned on the shower and stepped in.

As Zelda closed the shower curtain and began washing her hair in quick, distracted motions, it occurred to her to wonder how Jewel was doing. Surely, she would have had to pee by now, or else would be going very soon.

The thought distracted her from enjoying her shower almost as much as her bladder did, and when she had scrubbed, lathered, rinsed and repeated herself clean, she stepped out of the shower and dried off at twice her normal pace, driven by curiosity. Once dry, she pulled on her pink lace underwear, not stopping to regain composure after bending over to get it around her feet – a daring move which caused her to swing her hips back and forth as she pulled up her panties and bent down to pick up her bra.

Next was her blue shirt – which she managed to put on in her normal way – and finally her jeans, which put considerable extra pressure on her bladder as they compressed it down to only 2.5 inches outward of her tummy.

Zelda wanted to burst out of the bathroom and run down the stairs to check the living room and other bathroom for Jewel, but she decided it would be better to walk slowly, as she would on a normal day, so Jewel wouldn't think she was more desperate for a pee than she was. Therefore, her walk was really more of a slow stroll; it ended when Zelda arrived in the living room and found Jewel sitting with one leg over the other, her foot tapping the ground with some fervency, and reading.

Zelda put her hands on her hips, with her legs pointedly apart. “Morning!” she said coolly.

Jewel looked up and hurriedly uncrossed her legs. She stood and smiled back, also bidding Zelda good morning. At first, all that betrayed her fullness was her subtle-lip biting and the huge bulge in her tummy, but as Zelda continued looking at her, challenge in her eyes, Jewel's control began slipping: she put her hand on her tummy and grimaced as she squeezed her legs together, bending over slightly and moaning with effort as Zelda watched. Her display of desperation had no small effect on Zelda's own need, but Zelda only gripped a handful of her shirt behind her back and continued watching as Jewel struggled to regain control.

When she finally did, Zelda walked over and perched on the armrest of the couch, crossing her legs out of comfort, not necessity. “I don't really have to go,” she lied.

Jewel sat back down and kept her legs straight. “Yeah, me neither.”

She paused, then looked up at Zelda, who looked back and smiled, raising her eyebrows knowingly.

Jewel put a hand on her thigh and opened her mouth to speak, but changed her mind and sighed. She looked down, then back up, then said tentatively “How full are you really?”

Zelda didn't move or change her expression. “Not full at all, really.” She smiled a forced smile and looked Jewel in the eye; Jewel nodded and attempted to keep up the illusion that she wasn't full either. She did so successfully – for now.

Zelda stood and continued speaking, taking a few casual steps out into the center of the room “I thought we'd eat breakfast out today, if that sounds good.”

“S-sounds great,” Jewel said. Her current meekness wouldn't have given her away on its own, but since Zelda knew that Jewel was normally very social and energetic, she knew that the girl's bladder must be getting to her. It was only Zelda's own bladder that kept her from fully enjoying Jewel's desperation.

“The place is within walking distance, and since the weather still isn't too bad I thought we'd walk there.” Zelda said.

“Sounds great!” Jewel said. Almost as an afterthought, she stood up and said “Let's go!”, in half-hearted mimicry of her normal self.

Zelda strode towards the door confidently, hiding all signs of desperation, while Jewel followed behind with a twist in her step, biting her lip; the endgame of the girls' contest was at hand.

At the restaurant, both Zelda and Jewel ordered pancakes; drinks were orange juice for Zelda and apple juice for Jewel – again, free refills. They sat side by side in a booth by the corner with the drink machine, both reluctant to drink any more yet each determined to show off her superior bladder. Neither of them drank more than a few sips until they had both finished at least three-quarters of their meal. During that time, they made no small matter of casting sidelong glances at one another, each daring the other to down her drink, each analyzing and evaluating the other's level of fullness compared to her own, each even threatening to begin tickling the other (but of course, they had agreed not to, and Zelda was a woman of her word second only to being one of incredible bladder control – Jewel might and might not have been so loyal to her word, but having deduced that she was at a slight disadvantage in this game she decided not to break that ice).

It ended up being Zelda to end the drought by taking several large gulps of her orange juice. Jewel followed suit with her apple juice before Zelda was done, but this time the outburst ended there, with sheer bladder pressure preventing either girl from continuing to drink.

Twenty minutes passed. In this time, any free “sleeping control” either of the two had had over her bladder had dissipated, and it was clear that a resolution would have to be reached soon: Jewel sat on the edge of her seat, tapping her heel on the ground nervously and biting her lip again; Zelda managed to sit comfortably, but even she couldn't resist an occasional shift of position when her bladder contracted particularly painfully. Both of them had finished their meal, and were staying just to enjoy the moment a while longer.

Zelda, after keeping herself controlled and sticking to her word, put a great deal of value in taking risks, and following her heart in the heat of the moment. It was this, combined with sheer excitement and burning curiosity about who would win the contest, that prompted Zelda swiftly to down the other half of her drink, stand briefly to get a refill, and then drink the entire refill as well. She sat back down, and as Jewel took her seat again, on the outside seat of the booth, Zelda looked at her with incredible daring in her eye, so much that Jewel might have considered forfeiting were it not for the occasion of New Year's; so much that it was nearly a minute before she got her own refill; so much that she shook as she drank it.

They got up and left without a word. Once outside the doors, Zelda patted her 3-inch bladder lovingly, using all her strength to maintain perfect composure as she turned and smiled brightly at Jewel.

“That was a nice meal, wasn't it?”

At this point, Jewel had collected herself enough to form a strategically viable response. She paused in her walking and put her hands on her hips, arching her back as far as she good in a semi-fake stretch. She made sure not to stop her shirt from riding up her tummy, so that the end of its green fabric could accentuate the impressive bulge in her tummy as she took one hand off her hip to give it a firm rub, which very nearly made her pee her pants, as she shot back a half-smile, half-grimace at Zelda.

“It was!”

Jewel had expected Zelda to continue walking – Zelda had stopped for her to stretch – but to her horror, she did not. Instead, she kept right on looking at Jewel, leaning against the wall of the building they had stopped in front of. Jewel's rub would require a compensating squirm, and naturally Jewel had planned to carry it out once Zelda wasn't looking at her, but Zelda wouldn't turn away!

Jewel desperately tried to remain in control. She clenched her fists at her sides and bent at the knees ever so slightly as the backlash from her bladder demanded a response, but none was possible! Zelda continued looking, and Jewel knew that at this rate, the piss would come out soon, ready or not. She grimaced, and angled one knee in front of the other, putting her hands on her thighs and squeezing hard. She let out a cross between a desperate moan and a nervous laugh, to which Zelda responded only by continuing to smile. Finally, when she couldn't wait any longer, she said “please keep walking...”

Zelda turned and resumed walking, smug, and as Jewel walked next to her she managed to recover with only a few cross-legged steps and a single crotch grab for the rest of the walk home; no such movement was seen in the proud Zelda.

Noon on the fourth day! This was the message carried on the seventh twelve-tone ring of the dire bells in the center of town, and as Zelda noted it to herself she saw Jewel do the same.

She began cryptically: “I see you live around here?”

The astute remark was intended to throw Jewel off, but Zelda was also glad for the distraction it provided from her bladder, which was decidedly more than seven-ninths full.

“I'm definitely not peeing before the next one.” Jewel's response was so unphased that Zelda herself was thrown off.

She recovered, then nodded. “Definitely not, you say?”

“No way.”

“Alright.” Zelda let Jewel have her moment. “I won't pee before the one after.”

“What?!” Jewel whipped around and stared at Zelda, who looked innocently off into space, crossed her legs, and put her wrist on her lap mock-thoughtfully.

“Hmm?” she said, turning gently to Jewel. Jewel started to say something, but bit her lip. Her feet were tapping, unable to stay still under her bladder's growing load, and she couldn't keep her hands away from her crotch.

“Nothing.”

Zelda turned back to her fake thoughts; back to her veil of comfort; back, in secret, to the enormous urgency of her bladder that she was trying so desperately to hide. She kept a calm face, but the seas filling her bladder contrasted it sharply; she took out a book and tried to read it, but found herself stuck, unable to concentrate; she needed to pee!

This wouldn't do. Zelda stood up and put her hands on her hips. “What do you wanna do for lunch?” she asked, with a slight waver in her voice.

“Eh,” Jewel said. “I'm not really hungry.”

“Yeah, me neither,” Zelda said. She sat back down again, but her bladder was dissatisfied. She stood once more, and walked to the center of the room. A wave of urgency that had been growing for a good five minutes finally climaxed and she had no choice but to cross her legs and lean forward with an audible moan. When she recovered, she felt much more in control, but her face was red with embarrassment.

She turned back around to see Jewel sitting straight and pristinely, smiling down at a book she had taken from the shelf. The already red color of Zelda's cheeks turned a deeper hue with humiliation and anger. She stalked out of the room and could be heard walking around in the kitchen; a minute later she returned with two tall empty glasses, a pitcher of orange juice, and a jug of milk. The items practically crashed through the table when Zelda put them down, startling Jewel badly. Zelda ignored her and poured the cups full with the girls' favorite drinks: orange juice for Zelda and milk for Jewel. She checked to make sure they were equal, then sat back down and smiled grandly.

“Drink up!” she said, picking up her glass and taking an impressive gulp, downing half of it at once.

Jewel's hand hesitated above her own glass, and Zelda pounced immediately. “What's the matter? Can't hold any more in there?” She drank down the rest of her juice and patted her bladder with a happy sigh.

“Of course not.” Jewel said. She picked up her glass and began gulping it down, but found herself slowing down so much that by the end she was only taking a small sip every few seconds.

The moment Jewel was done, Zelda poured them each another full glass, and gulped hers down eagerly. The weight of the liquid in her stomach was pressing down on her swollen bladder, but Zelda just savored the feeling and sighed blissfully.

Throughout the whole process of making and serving drinks, Zelda kept her composure perfectly, but Jewel's control was beginning to slip more and more. She jiggled her legs up and down and side to side as she drank, whimpering quietly now and then, struggling to keep her massive bladder contained.

When Jewel finally finished the last pitiful, tiny sip of her second glass of milk and Zelda began to pour them each a third, she finally protested.

“Zelda, stop!”

Zelda didn't stop. “What do you mean?”

“Stop making us drink more and more!”

“Why?”

Jewel looked down at her scissoring legs, down at her giant bladder bulge, down at the hand placed firmly on her thigh. She bit her lip, summoning ever greater amounts of willpower to remain shut as the two uninvited glasses of milk weighed down on her bladder; she clenched her fist into a tight ball and struck her leg in frustration.

“Are you alright?” Zelda asked, with concern that was only half sarcastic.

Jewel snapped up and stamped her foot. She picked up the pitcher of milk – while frantically crossing her legs and bending at the knees – sloshed a full cup's worth into her glass (and another onto the table) and poured it seemingly straight down her throat, all before Zelda finished pouring her own glass of juice. She then took the juice pitcher and glass out of Zelda's hand, finished pouring the glass full, and handed it back to Zelda.

“I'm fine!” she said cheerfully, and now standing still. “Drink up!”

Zelda hesitated, an expression of surprise hanging on her face. Jewel looked up at her expectantly, with wild eyes, which Zelda couldn't look away from as she drank her juice. They maintained eye contact for another moment after Zelda finished, before she finally said “Well, three more glasses each ought to be enough for now.”

Jewel smiled mischievously. Now her stomach, like her bladder, was painfully full, but still she said “You sure about that?”

Zelda nodded idly. She was distracted by a wave of pressure, and by the painful fullness of her own stomach and bladder; she bent forward with a moan. Jewel, meanwhile, had reached a point of desperation which is not unlike the tipping point of an intellectual who borders on insanity: she was no longer methodically, controllably holding her pee via conventional means, but was rather flying by the seat of her pants through a void of unknown possible futures: she was improvising, making wild, hold-altering decisions in every moment, and doing astoundingly thus far.

Her desperation made her almost drunk. She stumbled over next to Zelda and put one hand on the girl's lower back, the other on her belly. “Maybe we should push this little competition along a little faster, hm?” she suggested, rubbing the taller girl's bladder lightly.

Zelda looked down maternally at Jewel, and allowed the smaller girl to have her fun. It felt good, aside from being crazy painful, and she wanted Jewel to know she could take it. When Jewel was done, Zelda sat down on the arm of the couch and pulled Jewel closer to her. She then return the favor: she put one hand on Jewel's back (a little higher than Jewel had done to her), and the other on the small girl's bladder. Jewel looked at Zelda with high confidence, which provoked Zelda to press down with considerably more force than she had planned. Jewel yelped and tried to squirm free, but Zelda held her still to torment her bladder for as long as she herself had suffered through it (though she let up somewhat on the pressure).

As soon as Zelda was finished, Jewel stumbled away and landed on the couch, where she moaned in pain and scissored her legs violently, even going so far as to grab herself between the legs to maintain control. She looked as though she were almost crying from pain, but she did her best to hide it from Zelda; Zelda pretended not to notice, and told herself she'd go easier on the poor girl...maybe.

END OF PART 2
