Torrie and Kaleigh’s Omo Adventures

Author: slick66

*000*2021-01-04 06:55

The Story of Torrie and Kaleigh

This is a story of a girl named Torrie and her best friend Kaleigh, who we will call Kay for short. I can only hope that I can bring my characters and story to life as nicely as in her story, but I’ve had these ideas kicking around for so long and I love reading all the stories that everyone on the forums share, I wanted to contribute in some way, so here we go…

The first part will set up the story and give a little background on the two main characters and how they started their interest in Omo individually and how they started a fun Omo adventure!

Background

Torrie and Kay had known each other for as long as they could remember. They lived in a small upper middle class neighborhood just inland about a mile or so from the beach. The summers were a little bit crazy in the town with people coming to visit the beach, but there was a ton of things to do in the quaint little ocean side town and the surrounding area. There was a boardwalk that was mostly empty in the off season from September - March over the winter. The boardwalk and the surrounding town had lots of shopping, restaurants, arcades, a few parks, lots of surf shops, a movie theater, everything you would want to have in a town.

Being that the beach was close, Torrie and Kay spent a lot of time there in the summers and often rode their bikes to the beach most days in the summer. Growing up, both girls longed to work in the main surf shop on the boardwalk and maybe even become life guards when they were a little older.

Torrie and Kay lived about 5 houses away from each other. The houses were very nice, but most of the properties in the neighborhood consisted of the actual house, and many of the houses in the neighborhood were fairly large. Many consisted of 5 or more bedrooms and although the houses were somewhat close together, they all had fenced in yards with decks and a decent amount of privacy from their neighbors. There were a few other kids that lived in the neighborhood, some were 3 or 4 years older than Torrie and Kay and there were a few others that were 4 to 8 years younger, so they were the only two in the neighborhood in the same grade at the time we will pick up our story.

Torrie was an only child and her dad had passed away when she was only 5 years old and her mom never remarried or dated much. Her dad had a really good job and left them a sizeable nest egg of money and Torrie’s mom worked part time around town while Torrie was growing up, but when Torrie was 15 and a freshman, she went back to work full time as an executive assistant in a large realty office in the town that handled a lot of the rental properties and worked a lot during the summers, but during the bulk of the school year worked from about 8:30 am to 5:30 pm in the office, knowing that Torrie was responsible enough to be home from school for a few hours every day by herself.

Kay was about 6 months younger than Torrie, and had 2 younger brothers, she was the big sister by 7 and 8 years. Her parents were really cool and often helped take care of Torrie when Torrie’s mom needed to pick up some extra part time shifts in her seasonal jobs after her husband passed and Torrie and Kay often spent time at each other’s houses after school doing homework and hanging out playing video games and chatting and texting with their other friends from school.

Torrie was a fairly petite and cute blonde, about 5’2” and 100 lbs. Kay was about the same height, 5’3” and 120 lbs, brunette, kind of plain Jane looking (cute), but what always stood out on Kay was that she always had incredibly large boobs for her age and size and she always cracking jokes on herself about how big they were. Both girls played soccer when they were younger, but as they got older, decided that they didn’t want to play for their high school teams, instead, they both wanted to focus on school and maybe getting jobs at the boardwalk instead to make money to start saving up for cars. The elementary school and the high school in town were both fairly small, maybe 200 kids per grade, so everyone pretty much knew everyone else, it wasn’t overly cliquey, and for the most part growing up, everyone got along. Most people that lived in the town growing up tended to stay in the town and raise their families there, so it was a nice place to live, work, and play…

The First Experiences

As a young girl that spent a lot of time at the beach, often time no where near a bathroom, it wasn’t uncommon for Torrie when she had to pee, to just run into the ocean and pee through her bathing suit and then come back out and do what you were doing on the beach or walking around on the boardwalk. It started as far as she could remember, she had asked her mom to take her to the bathroom and her mom said, just run in the ocean and go and she never asked again. She never had accidents and was a well potty trained kid, but whenever she was on the beach, she was peeing in her bathing suit.

Torrie remembered the first time she shared it with Kay, Kay was kind of weirded out about it, but as they spent more and more time at the beach, she started to do the same thing as well and no one ever seemed to really care. If their parents asked if they needed to go, they would just say, we went in the ocean, and it was accepted. Both girls never really thought much of it growing up and never really talked a whole lot about it, they just did it and it was always under water, so it never really felt weird or anything.

As Torrie started to get a little older, she often wondered what it would be like to just have the freedom to pee in her pants whenever she wanted to, but she never really acted on it as the thought of doing it in your real clothes was definitely not acceptable and would be quite embarrassing if anyone found out about it. Many times coming home from the beach before she would get in the shower, she would sneak a bit of a naughty pee in her bathing suite and then wash it out in the sink before she would jump in the shower.

It always felt so good to just either sit on the toilet and feel the warm pee soak up against her pussy or if she stood in the shower, she loved how it felt as it ran down her legs. Once she realized that the feeling of the warm pee also invoked other feelings in her, she started learning how to masturbate and really kicked her curiosity on peeing herself into full gear…. For the longest time, she kept this dirty little hobby to herself, embarrassed that if anyone found out about it, they would think she was a weirdo. She especially never thought about telling Kay about what she did, what would she think of her best friend??? Would she think I was dirty and disgusting for indulging in this at home...by myself….

Kay had a bit of a similar view on it as the girls started to get older and she had often wondered if some people did pee in their pants on purpose. Last Christmas she got her very own IPad to use for school work and for fun. Interestingly enough, one of the first things she did was google peeing pants. It was quite the eye opener for Kay as she realized there was a whole culture of people that peed in their pants...on purpose and actually liked it. Kay became quite mesmerized by the fact that people would do this on purpose in their clothes.

How do they hide it? Kay often did her own laundry, so she did figure that if she did try it once, she would be able to hide it fairly easily, but she was never quite brave enough to give it a try as she was always terrified that she would get caught. However, it didn’t stop her from always looking up pictures and videos of peeing and she found that she enjoyed watching girls pee in their pants quite a bit, even though she did have crushes on boys. It was sort of a weird trick that her mind would play on her.

She thought she liked boys, but she loved looking at beautiful girls, and especially loved looking at them wet. Lookingat the pictures and videos of all the pretty girls she found doing this on the internet almost made it seem like a normal thing and it often made her extremely horny to look at these pictures and videos to the point that almost every night before bed, she would often watch a few videos and masturbate, but for some reason, she was never daring enough to try peeing her pants herself.

Every time she thought about it, she just chickened out at the thought of trying to hide it. It never dawned on her to do what Torrie was doing as even that made her nervous that she would get caught. She often wanted to tell Torrie about it, but she wasn’t sure how Torrie would react if she knew she liked looking at other girls. Surely they had been friends for so long that she wouldn’t care right??? I mean, she liked boys too, she just appreciated a really good looking girl also, and Torrie did fit the bill.

How Torrie and Kay discovered their mutual like of peeing....

As Freshman year of high school started for both girls, they were both excited about the fact that they now got out of school around 2pm and would have a lot more time after school to get home, do homework, and while the weather was still somewhat warm, maybe catch a little beach and boardwalk time. The first day of Freshman year, the girls met at the end of their road and caught the bus to school that was only about a 10 minute ride with a handful of other stops to pick up some of their other classmates.

The first day started out great, both girls were in the same home room and had just about most of the same classes, lunch at the same time, gym at the same time, it was going to be such a fun year.

As both girls met up in the cafeteria on the first day, they chatted with their friends and each other and had a great time comparing first day notes up to this point. Torrie was gulping down water like it was going out of style because she was so thirsty, and then it was off to class after class. The final class of the day was social studies, a subject both of the girls really loved. Torrie sat down in class next to Kay and admitted that she had to pee, but didn’t have time to stop in between classes as in between every class, she was stopping to chat with someone she hadn’t seen in a while.

Kay instantly became a bit interested in her friend’s predicament. Class was only about 35 minutes long, but it was surely an interesting thought to watch Torrie squirm a little as she new she had to pee pretty bad. Torrie was wearing skin tight light jeans and a tight fitting white shirt that outlined her body perfectly. Kay had opted for a pair of tight black leggings that were probably pushing the limits of revealing every curve on her body and a similarly tight pink top, that her overly large boobs seemed to be squeezed into the top like two watermelons.

During the class, Kay was intently watch as Torrie was bobbing her leg up and down and then rubbing her thighs together, then she would open up her legs just enough to see the faint outline of Torrie’s womanhood through her jeans. Kay was almost entranced through the entire class and almost didn’t hear a word of what the teacher was even saying. Class went so fast, that it was over in a second.

Class ended and both girls headed to their lockers to get their stuff for the end of the day and then head to their bus. Torrie whispered to Kay, “Hey, I’m going to run to the bathroom real quick, I’ll be right back and then we can catch the bus.” On the way, Kay saw Torrie get stopped by a few girls that they used to play soccer with. They hugged and chatted. The whole time, Kay stared at Torrie rocking her leg and almost pulling the skin tight jeans she had on more and more up into her pussy, almost as it was becoming a damn to stop what looked like to be an eventual accident. Kay had never seen her friend so desperate to pee before, but she was really starting to tingle with excitement at the premise that her friend may pee her pants in front of her. But, then she also hoped that wouldn’t happen, as she knew that it would be extremely embarrassing for Torrie if that were to happen in front of all of their friends.

She watched as they chatted for a few more minutes and then Kay heard the sound of bus engines starting and realized the girls that Torrie was talking to were staying after school for sports, so they didn’t have to be anywhere. Kay ran over to Torrie and said hi to her friends and apologized for not coming over to say hi sooner and reminded Torrie that if they didn’t hit the road, they would be walking 5 miles home as Torrie’s mom worked and Kay’s mom worked part time until 3 and then went to pick up her younger siblings at after care at school.

Torrie thought, shit, we have to go. Kay said, will you be ok on the ride home? Yeah, Torrie said, I’ll be fine, it’s like 10 to 15 minutes and there’s only a few stops before us and a short walk. I’ll be fine. As they got to the bus just in time, and got to their seat, Kay realized Torrie was bouncing her legs quite a bit up and down. She leaned into Kay and said, I have to pee so bad, it’s not even funny. I wish we were at the beach and I could just jump in the ocean and PEE NOW!! Uggghhh. This just got Kay more and more excited and she couldn’t believe what she was hearing. She was trying to play it cool and not seem like she was too interested in Torrie’s predicament, but was trying to be more nurturing and assuring that they would make it home.

The 15 minute bus ride came to an end and the girls jumped off the bus and headed on the quick 5 minute walk home. Torrie’s house was first, then Kay’s house.

“Kay, I don’t know if I”m going to be able to even get the door unlocked, that’s how bad I have to go”, as she swung her backpack around from her shoulder and grabbed her keys out of her front pouch and gave them to Kay, all while on a very brisk walking pace now.

They reached the front door to Torrie’s house, Torrie was so desperate that she had jammed her hand into her crotch and was rubbing it and holding so it would make the sensation go away. Kay was like, damn Torrie, why didn’t you pee in school? “It just slipped my mind, it was crazy today. Open the goddamn door already!!!! I’m really going to pee my pants!” Kay suddenly got a bit mischievous and as she was getting ready to open the door, dropped the keys on purpose. “Ahhh, Kay, what the fuck!”

“Sorry, they slipped, which key is it…?”

“Kay, seriously, don’t mess with me like that damint.” Torrie wasn’t mad, she was actually laughing now.

“What if you just were to pee in your pants right here on the door step before you made it inside….” Kay was thinking, damn, did I really just say that out loud… I sure did. What will Torrie say about that?????

“Well, I guess I would make quite a mess of myself wouldn’t I...You would like it if I peed myself, wouldn’t you.” Torrie was really laughing now and her face was going bright red. “Kay, are you really not going to open the door for me??? Shit”.

Kay had to collect herself as she felt herself breathing really fast and heavy and getting really excited at the thought that Torrie wasn’t mad at her and thought she might be ok with the thought of peeing in her pants right now… “well, maybe, how much is it worth it to you for me to open the door” she chuckled, but all the while being really excited.

“Well, hopefully none of of our neighbors are watching me right now damnit!. I’ve never had an accident Kay and you’re going to make me have one, I can’t believe you” as Torrie doubled down to her knees laughing so hard that she now was on the brink of a full out accident. “Kay….help, please, it’s going to come out any second, I can’t stop laughing…..”

“Ok, give me a second….Slowly Kay fumbled around at the lock, she got the bottom lock undone...then got the key for the deadbolt lock. Put the key in and said, almost there… as to just push Torrie a little further. The whole time she was like, damn, how is she not peeing yet….I’m going go have to let her in and this will be a bit awkward now as I am now full on trying to make my best friend pee herself… but she had one last ditch trick and took out her water bottle and started to slowly spill it out on the ground, laughing the whole time and watching Torrie shake from laughing and holding…

“Oh shit...Torrie exclaimed. That’s it, I just peed a little. My panties are soaked now Kay…

“Let’s see…”

“I can’t show you my panties, what the fuck”.

“Shit, Kay!!! I’m peeing more, come on and open the door.!” Look at my jeans as she was still laughing, Kay could see a nice camletoe outline of Torrie’s pussy and an apple sized, very yellow we spot on her crotch… Kay figured, what the hell, I’ll just go for the final push here. She’s still laughing,so she’s not mad at me it appears.

“Come on, let me grab your bag and help you up”. As she started to help Torrie up, she started to tickle her sides mercilessly and Torrie erupted in laughter and tried dropping back to her knees. Kay was also behind her and was holding her arms from being able to reach her crotch to hold and then the levee broke….

She could hear a full on loud hissing noise and as she looked over Torrie’s shoulder, could see a full on yellow pee running down the insides of both of Torrie’s legs on the inseams, but it wasn’t getting her on the crotch that much.

Torrie was still laughing the whole time and teasing Kay saying, I can’t believe you made me pee myself. OHH My god, but it feels so fucking good right now and I can’t stop...Kay, I can’t stop….

“Let it out girl, she laughed” as she held her friend tight. Suddenly, Kay realized the pee that she didn’t see down Torrie’s front, was actually riding up her cute little but, to which Kay was pressed against and was now feeling wet warm pee on the front of her skin tight black leggins. Her first inclination was to drop Torrie from her grip, but realized Torrie’s body had pretty much gone limp with tiredness and she didn’t want to hurt her, so she held onto her as pee kept coming for what seemed like 2 minutes straight. Now almost every inch of Torrie’s light blue jeans was covered in a hot yellow pee and boy did she smell like PEE.

“Torrie, I think you’re peeing on me, I’m going to let you go…”

“Nope, she grabbed onto Kay from behind and held onto the waistband of Kay’s leggings…”To bad, you made me pee myself, so if you get wet, that’s your fault! Laughing the whole time…Finally Torrie stopped peeing and let Kay go.

“Torrie, your pee smells and I have to still go home”, and now it looks like I peed…

“Oh my god Kay, let’s get the fuck inside!”

Inside the house, Torrie was like, shit, I can’t believe I just peed my pants.

Kay feeling pretty bad and guilty now said “I”m really sorry, you aren’t mad at me are you?...

“No, I’m not mad at all, I think it’s kind of funny”.

“Ok, well, I’m covered in your pee now, so…

Both girls had a good chuckle and Kay was now starting to get herself worked up again at the sight of Torrie’s tight wet jeans with the bright yellow pee stains on them…

“Kay….Kay….are your staring at me????”

“Shit, sorry, I….just...umm….”

“It’s ok, I’m not mad at you, calm down. It was my fault for not going at school. Whatever, I’ll just throw them in the wash, hopefully this yellow stain comes out, holy shit, it’s yellow from not going all day”. Text your mom and tell her we have a group project that we need to get started on for Social Studies and we can get your leggings in the dryer too.”

“Great Idea” Done...my mom said no problem, just be home before dinner at 6.

“Cool, my mom won’t be home until 6 anyway from work”

“Torrie…”

“Yeah”?

“I have to admit something, I really wanted to watch you pee in your pants….oh god, I hope that doesn’t sound bad….”

“Ummm ok, that’s a bit interesting…, but ok”

“Ever since we’ve been going to the beach and peeing our bathing suites, I’ve been fascinated by watching girls pee their pants and something just came over me...oh god, am I a fucking weirdo????”

“Wow...um no, you’re not a weirdo at all, but you like watching girls??? Are you a…

“No, I’m not a lesbian… I like boys….I just like watching a pretty girl pee too… My god, I sound like such a weirdo….”

“Well, I have to admit something to you. I often come home from the beach, lock myself in my bathroom and pee in my bathing suit...So, you’re not weird at all.”

“Really???? SHIT, how did we never really discuss this with each other, we tell each other everything.”

“I guess I was a bit embarrassed by the whole thing and didn’t want you to think I was a weirdo” said torrie.

“Wow, I am really relieved” Kay said. “Umm, do you…”

“Do I what…?”

“Touch yourself?”

“Ummmm, that’s a bit personal, but I guess you just watched me soak myself and admitted that you liked it, so I guess I can admit that I will touch myself once in a while, how about you????”

“Yes, kay said a bit sheepishly, are your sure you’re not weirded out and mad at me???”

“NO, stop asking, but you better not tell anyone about this or that I peed my pants as she quipped laughing”

“GOD NO, I would NEVER!!!”

“Ok, calm down… Let’s go get something to drink I’m parched”, as Torrie grabbed a cold water from the fridge and a Diet Coke for Kay as that was her favorite.

“Torrie, you are soaked, and your pee is cold on my tights and it still smells as both girls laughed”.

“Do you want to go up and get changed? I’ll need to borrow some shorts or something while we wash these clothes”.

“Yeah, no prob, but let’s stop outside on the back deck real quick before we change, you owe me a favor now”...

“What’s that Torrie?”

“I want you to pee your pants too…”

“Umm, ok, I’ll do it! Kay exclaimed excitedly”.

The girls hit the back deck and Kay said, how should I do this”

“What do you mean, just stand there and let it out, you must have to go from school too”.

“Yeah, I can definitely pee….”

“ok, here’ we go…”. Kay stood there with her legs shoulder length apart. Torrie walked over to her friend and pulled her leggings up tighter against her but and pussy to see the full outline and Kay’s now visible panty line.

“What color panties are you wearing??”

“Mine were white, now yellow as torrie laughed”

“ white also...it doesn’t want to come out…”

“Just pretend like we are in the ocean, it will come”

“Kay closed her eyes and begin to push, and a trickle started… It was warm and wet now on the area that was cold with Torrie’s pee…. The stream cut off as it her mind said don’t pee your pants! “Come on peee…...peeee….”. More pee started to come out and run down her legs, now coming out full force, Torrie could hear Kay’s pee hissing out from her leggings as a nice puddle formed at her feet… Kay then realized, shit, I just peed into my sneakers, as she kicked them off quickly to avoid further damage….

“WOW Kay, that was a good pee”

“It feels so good, I have to admit, I’m kind of throbbing….and I kind of need to, maybe get some alone time in your shower…”

“Kay, what the fuck, you want to masturbate in my shower, we are moving our new found love of pee along a bit quick here, don’t you think???

“Well you said that you…”

“I’m just fucking with you…. you can do whatever you want…. Ok, let’s get up to my bathroom and get cleaned up and changed”...

Both girls headed up to Torrie’s bedroom and admired each other’s wet pants for a minute. Torrie feeling a bit jealous that you couldn't really make out Kay’s wet spot that much, but she was obviously soaked in yellow pee….

“I have to go again already Torrie exclaimed…”. I’m going to go stand in the shower and pee some more…”

“Can I watch…”

“Sure, weirdo…. As Torrie Laughed…

“Stop, panty wetter….”

Torrie got into her tub and with her legs somewhat crossed this time so the tight wet denim and her white cotton panties hugged her wet pussy and rubbed against her clit… she moved her right leg up and down to almost make the wet heavy fabric masturbate her clit…Kay’s heart was pounding out of her chest as she watched her friend stand there almost masturbating in front of her in her peed jeans…. As Torrie stood there for what seemed like 5 minutes, Kay was like… are you going to pee?

“Just wait a second, I’m working it up…”

“Working what up??? Kay said curiously “.

“Just watch, Torrie then started to rub herself with her right hand feverishly through here wet denim...slight moaning sounds begin to come from her…. Her eyes were closed as if she was in a trance… Kay’s chest was pounding so hard she thought Torrie could hear it… Her huge nipples were busting out of her top from excitement….She rammed her hand down her tights and felt the warm wet panties beneath her and her pussy was even wetter than ever. What is this…she thought, I’m not peeing...I’m...excited and WET as hell from that…..

Torrie unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them back a bit to expose her see through yellow peed in panties that were soaked to the waistband at this point and continued to rub feverishly, forgetting Kay was in the room and watching intention and also masturbating...and then all of the sudden let out a high pitched squeal…. and pee jetted out of the white panties and streamed into her wet jeans that were just at the top of her thighs…

Kay now was ready to explode, what the fuck did she just witness and she’s sitting in her own peed pants for the first time ever also…

Kay couldn’t resist and jumped into the shower and put her hand under stream of Torrie’s pee and then started to feel her friends pissy wet panties, “Rub it hard Kay”... all of the sudden Torrie stopped peeing for a minute and then dropped to her knees and seemed like she was in a trance, breathing really heavy….

“What was that...Kay asked”

“That was called an orgasm…”

“How did you...how did you know you could do that???”

“Lots of practice Kay”. Practice makes perfect, you’ll have one some day…. As she laughed”

Kay decided to squeeze out whatever pee she still had left in her as they were both standing in Torrie’s pee in the shower together…Torrie could see the glistening crotch on Kay’s tights and quickly pulled them down to expose Kay’s panties and see the pee come out of her pussy better.... This feels so wrong torrie, what did we do????

“Kay, that was the most incredible thing I’ve ever done, I don’t….”like” girls per say, but we are besties, so that doesn’t count right???:”

“ I suppose not… I think we just have a secret fun thing to share with each other from now on…”

As both girls stood there admiring each other’s wet panties, Torrie took a quick feel of Kay’s lovely round but that was totally see through in her wet panties by now… She also had a nice yellow tinge in her white cotton panties….

“We have to get washed up as Torrie through on the water and stepped out for Kay to get washed up. Towel is right here for you… I’ll go shower in our guest bathroom, bring your wet stuff downstairs and we will throw it in the wash!

Kay showered, feeling really dirty for what just happened, but really excited. Torrie was feeling the same way…

Both girls met in Torrie’s room as Kay needed to get some clothes to borrow…

The girls spent the next couple of hours just talking, doing homework, laundry, and vowing to keep this a secret from anyone else!

As it was time for Kay to head home, she put on her freshly washed clothes. Torrie’s jeans didn’t quite come all the way clean, almost as if she didn’t put the right detergent in the wash, so Torrie was a bit upset with the fact that her favorite jeans were kind of messed up now, so she hid them away in her closet, as she had plent of other similar pairs…

Kay left and the girls both agreed that this was going to be a fun school year… and Kay said, maybe I will tell my mom I have to come by tomorrow after school again… I’ll pack something to have fun in and bring it over.. Torrie said, that sounds like a plan and you can probably just leave some stuff in my room… my mom never comes in here…

Ok, see you tomorrow the girls, hugged and Kay went on her way…

Hope you enjoyed..

*004*2021-01-05 03:19

First Night Aftermath

After both Torrie and Kay ate dinner with their families and made small talk, exclaiming how their day at school was good and pretty “uneventful”... they both couldn’t wait to get back to their bedrooms to reflect on what happened after school. Both girls were still a bit in disbelief on just how fast their day escalated in to pretty much a place their friendship had never gone. It was all a bit surreal to both of them considering they had both been hiding this secret love of pee in one way or another. Torrie essentially shared that she does like to pee herself in her shower and masturbate to it and Kay, while never peeing herself on purpose, had a love of watching girls pee and all in a matter of moments, everything was out on the table and just moving in full speed.

Kay laid in bed watching TV, but not really paying any attention to it. The entire time her mind kept drifting to watching Torrie have a full blow accident in her jeans and enjoying it and then actually touching her while she peed more. She could still feel the warm, wet, slippery pee in her mind. She had changed into a pair of skin tight pink cotton shorts that she had and still wore the white panties she had peed in earlier, but were freshly washed at Torrie’s. The entire time in bed she just kept running the incident over and over and started to get extremely worked up. Her nipples were totally poking through her plain, snuggly fitting white t-shirt.

Every shirt she had was snug because of her large breasts and she often was self conscious when she new her nipples were hard as they were always visible through whatever bra and shirt that she wore, but now it didn’t matter as she lay in bed. She kept thinking of how Torrie had an orgasm and she grabbed her IPad and began looking up how to orgasm, as she too wanted to experience what looked like an incredible heart pounding experience that Torrie had.

Five houses away, Torrie told her mom, she was going to hit the sack early tonight, as she was tired from the first day and wanted to just get a good solid night of sleep. As she was up in her room sitting at her desk, she began looking up peeing your pants on the internet to see what Kay was looking at. She saw a bunch of sites come up immediately, but she wasn’t quite sure where to start. It all seemed a bit strange to be so interested in watching other girls wet, but what happened today had fueled a crazy desire in her to check some stuff out. She decided to text Kay…

“Kay, when you said you like to look up girls peeing on the internet today… you have any sites that you like to look at?”

Kay’s heart almost jumped out of her chest as the phone buzzing on her nightstand scared the crap out of her… as she gained her composure from lightly caressing her pussy through her tight shorts, she thought...wow, that’s an interesting text…. “Sure, here’s a few that I like to look at, one of the best is ormoroshi.org, tons of cool content, that will keep you busy for a long time...LOL”.

“Maybe you’ll get some ideas there too….haha”.

“Thanks Kay, I’ll check it out!”

Kay was now even more insanely horny at the thought that her bestie, and new found pee buddy, was looking up peeing...what the fuck, is this real??? I can’t believe this is happening. Kay was still reading about orgasm techniques while gently caressing her pussy. The entire time she was doing it, she started feeling the crotch of her panties getting damper and damper from her masturbating… Suddenly she realized she needed to pack an outfit for some potential after school shenanigans for tomorrow. She figured she would do it before she fell asleep, so she jumped up and found an old pair of white cotton panties that were probably a little small and worn out.. What type of pants do I bring? Leggings? Jeans? Shorts? Hmm, so many choices.

She had old pairs of each that she knew if she packed and left at Torries, she wouldn’t really care, so she grabbed an old pair of jeans that were probably a size too small, but she could still squeeze into, even though they were a little uncomfortable, she new she was not going to be wearing them all day. She found another pair of same tight cotton shorts she was wearing, just in light green, and an old pair of tight white cotton leggings that she never wore, because they were a little too revealing and a bit thin, so they always showed her underwear, so she was always too self conscious to wear them. What the hell, let’s throw in pair of pink panties too.

Back into bed, the idea of what was ahead tomorrow was just too much, she couldn’t get comfortable, she couldn’t sleep and her nipples were still rock solid. It was about 12 midnight now and she was wide awake and had to pee pretty bad. She was sure everyone else had already gone to bed, as she peaked out of her bedroom door and heard nothing and saw no lights on upstairs or downstairs where her parent’s room was. I have to do something…. I have to sleep! I wonder if I were to just indulge in a little private fun, maybe I can try to get some of it out of my system she thought. She went into her bathroom that was connected directly to her bedroom and shut the door and locked it to be safe.

What should I do, should I sit on the toilet and pee, sit in my bathtub and pee, stand in the bathtub and pee…. I can’t run the water in the bath after or my parents will wonder what’s going on, but I can just leave it until morning when I take a shower before school… Yeah, that’s what I’m going to do, I’m going to sit in the tub. Kay plugged the drain and sat down. As she sat in the tub, she pulled her legs up so her shorts pushed tighter against her pussy. Her heart pounding, she was starting to wonder, what am I doing… this just feels so naughty to be doing right now… as she sat with her legs pulled in towards her chest, she relaxed her muscles and let out a large spurt of pee that instantly soaked her crotch and ran all down her butt, turning her light pink shorts a nice dark pink, but instinctively she clenched and stopped. The fabric was wet, slippery, and heavy around her crotch as she felt it with her righ hand, and her left hand trying to calm down her rock hard nipples.

She relaxed again and watched her crotch glisten as the hot pee squirted out through the fabric, down her but more, and into the tub, which now had a noticeable yellow puddle that formed around her curvy little butt. It went cold fairly fast in the cold tub. She stood up and looked at her but in the mirror and realized that she was sitting on her T-shirt and the back of it was tinged yellow and see through. Shit, she thought, I didn’t want to do that, but too late now… She loved the way her ass looked with the dark wet patch on it. She pulled down her shorts to check out her white panties underneath, that now had a nice yellow hue and had already gone see through from the pee.

As she stood there, she let out another hot jet that ran down her legs and soaked the front and pooled up in her half pulled down shorts. She quickly pulled them up and the pee splashed down her legs and re-warmed her throbbing pussy. She slipped her hand inside the shorts and her panties and begin to rub her clit furiously with the warm wet and slippery pee that was covering her pussy. As she was doing that, she forced out more pee to get her fingers more slick. More hot pee ran down her legs and the front of her shorts were soaked all the way up the front. Now she was standing in a little puddle, she sat down with a little splash in the pee and rubbed herself furiously in the puddle for about 10 minutes. Her bladder seemed to be filling more and more as she was masturbating.

She was getting ready to stop when all of the sudden she was getting this crazy feeling that the pee was going to explode out of her any second… She kept rubbing furiously and her body went totally numb… she just felt this incredible feeling in her pussy and she let out a loud moan without even thinking… she snapped quickly back to reality and slammed her hand over her own mouth while still rubbing and was like… Shit, I hope that wasn’t too loud… the rooms were pretty sound proof, so she was pretty confident no one would have heard it, but she also wasn’t quite sure how loud she really was…. As she sat there in a pee puddle, feeling relieved, she was wondering if that was what her orgasm was supposed to feel like. She sat there and just relaxed and let the rest of her full bladder empty, just hissing full force as it came out. Her shorts were completely saturated now, not a dry spot on them, and her shirt was getting wet half way up to her tits…

As the puddle grew to a huge size in the tub, she rolled over on her stomach and pushed out the last bit of pee as she rubbed her pussy into the puddle and against the tub… Pee now rolled up the front of her shirt and completely exposed her boobs, she was totally covered in pee at this point. She stood up dripping all over and covered in yellow pee and thought, crap, I have to get these off and get into bed with pee all over my skin…. WTF was I thinking… I can’t take a shower at 1am, that will surely be heard by her parents.

She opened the drain and let the puddle go down…. and stripped her clothes off and left the in the tub for the morning, she would just rinse them out and then put them in the bottom of her laundry basket for when she did laundry at the end of the week… She grabbed her towel and wiped herself down as much as she could, although she was still a bit sticky from the pee all over her body. She went into her room, grabbed another pair of light blue cotton shorts, no panties and a T-shirt and drifted quickly into LALA Land…

It was about 2 AM at Torrie’s house and she was still scrolling through videos, pictures, and stories, her mind was on sensory overload. She realized it was 2am and she had to wake up in 4 hours to get up and get ready for school. Shit, I have to get into bed now. Torrie got into bed and quickly fell asleep. Torrie’s mind was still in and out of sensory overload even as she slept. Even though she was sleeping, she was still looking at pictures and videos… She really had to pee, so she got up to pee. Stumbling into her bathroom, she sat down on the toilet and was waiting to pee. She had to pee really bad, but nothing would come out. Then she started to pee, and pee, and pee, for what seemed like 25 minutes, it just didn’t stop… what the hell was going on, I just can’t stop peeing…. All of the sudden, her mind woke her up and she realized that she was not really in the bathroom, but she was still tucked into bed… and peeing in her light gray leggings… HOLY FUCK she thought.

Did I really just pee in bed… what the fuck just happened. She quickly stopped the flow and realized that she was pretty wet from the crotch to her butt, her panties were soaked. Shit the bed… she threw on the light, realizing it was only 4am…. She was so worked up, her mind put her into a state of thinking she was really on the toilet peeing. It wasn’t too bad, just a small wet spot on her dark blue sheets, nothing crazy, she peeled the sheets back and nothing on the mattress… thank god. What the hell. She’d never remembered even having night time accidents as a kid, but she was so engrossed in all her day’s pee activity, her mind just wanted to make her pee…. Well, my leggings are pretty soaked, I can’t wear these now… Fuck, I’m wide awake now she thought as her heart was still pounding out of her chest…. Then she realized her bladder was ready to explode again…

Well, I’m already wet, I wonder what will happen if I let a little more out. Standing on the hardwood floor in her room, she tried to let out just a little bit more and huge torrent screamed out of her pussy and down both legs and onto the floor, she managed to stop, but she had a pretty big puddle on the floor… Shit, I didn’t want to do that… she felt another wave come and she sprinted for her bathroom, dripping pee along the floor as she ran, she threw up the seat and just sat on the toilet peeing full force through her panties and leggings… while she was peeing, she feverishly started masturbating her cute little tight pussy…. within seconds she had an orgasm so intense she almost fell off the toilet as pee still dripped from her ass into the toilet…

Holy shit, what a mess I made, as she gained her composure and realized what she just did. She quickly stripped down, rinsed out her clothes, grabbed a bag and threw them in her closet. She put a towel down on her bed under the wet spot to protect the mattress and tried to get about another hour’s worth of sleep, which I was no problem, she was so tired when the alarm went off that 60 minutes after…

On the way to wait for the bus the next morning, Torrie told Kay, I can’t wait to tell you what happened to me last night…. “what, tell me now”!

“Nope, can’t bus is coming…we have to wait until later”....

