Torrie and Kaleigh’s Omo Adventures

Author: slick66

*011*2021-01-08 04:39

The Pre-Party... so you can get a good visual of the girls... I’m just starting the sleepover itself, it will likely be a longer chapter, maybe split into parts, but I’m really looking forward to writing it!

The week was moving along at a good clip. Kay and Torrie and the girls were getting excited about the weekend. The weather was going to be pretty crappy on Friday and into the night, lots of rain and storms coming up the coast, so it wouldn’t be so bad to be inside.

Wednesday night before the party, Torrie was turning in for the night. She made a quick stop at her laptop, checked Facebook and Instagram, leafing through some pictures and posts from the girls that would be coming over this weekend. She admired several pictures of the very tan, pretty Katie with a perfect body and her little navel piercing, sexy bikinis that showed her but cheeks off amazingly.

Next onto “little” Niki, the just 5 foot tall girl with very light brown hair, almost bordering a dirty blonde that she often wore pulled back and in a perfect little pony tail that seemed to wag and bob like a happy puppy every time she saw you and talked to you, she was always happy and perky, never seemed to have a bad day, it was remarkable. She was a little powerhouse of an athlete, a runner, soccer player, softball player, she did it all. Just about as rock solid of a body that you could imagine. She also looked amazing in all of her bikini shots on Instagram and she loved posting selfies and also had a navel piercing (it’s a beach thing). She also had really nice, perfectly round and perky boobs for a girl of only 5 ft and about 90lbs soaking wet...pun intended…

Alyssa...another carefully invited choice of Torrie’s liking… A little bit quiet, took her awhile to used to people. Tall for a girl, about 6’1”, soccer goalie and basketball player, she had long legs and was the tallest girl in school. Because she was tall, she was sometimes shy in social settings, feeling a bit awkward around everyone, but she was an amazing athlete. A brunette that liked to sometimes get reddish highlights. She was athletically built and not awkwardly skinny like most tall girls. She also looked amazing in bikinis, but often covered herself up with with a wrap in pictures. She had perfectly proportioned breasts and in the few pictures she wasn’t covered, looked like she had a puffy looking pussy that her bathing suites and shorts seemed to like to ride up into and made it look like a nice mound. Torrie really wanted to see her naked, she was just fascinated by her Amazonian stature and pretty face.

Finally, Lizzie, who had the most amazingly soft and pretty face, with incredibly long dirty blonde hair that she often accentuated with more blonde highlights that went a little more than halfway down her back. Lizzie was about 5’5”, skinny with perfectly round boobs, an amazing ass and two long slender legs with the most amazing thigh gap in the school that looked amazing when she wore her tight little leggings that left very little to the imagination of what was under them… bikinis, forget about it, she looked amazing. Honestly, she made anything she wore look amazing, it was almost uncanny how pure and goddess like that she looked every day and never wore a bit of makeup or anything. Her most amazing outfits were tight jeans in the winter and little tiny jean shorts of many colors in the summers.

All the looking at pictures of the girls was starting to get Torrie a little horny as she felt a nice little tingle in her crotch. As she continued looking at some other pictures, she just instinctively clicked onto her favorite omo.org website to check out some of the real life experience posts, she loved them as they often contained videos and pictures. Subconsciously, she had started just rubbing her crotch as she sat in her leather desk chair with her tiny grey cotton shorts with white panties underneath that pretty much would show if she spread her legs ever so slightly.

She was feeling a little naughty and figured there would be no harm in just letting out a tiny dribble of pee to moisten her crotch a little bit. She relaxed slightly and pushed a little bit of pee into her panties that instantly turned them see through and yellow. Not much was into the shorts, even though they were tight, they were a little thicker. It felt so warm and amazing as she rubbed a little harder. She decided to consciously let out another spurt as she felt like she wanted a bit more… Another spurt came out in warm wet fashion against her pussy lips and running down her but drenching her white panties. There was now a dark visible wet spot on her little grey shorts.

Still rubbing, she peed some more, this time making a bigger wet spot that now was soaking down to her but and created a little run off on her chair and made a little drip on the floor. She quickly jumped up and grabbed a dirty towel from the laundry and inspected her cute little ass in the mirror, showing a sexy little wet patch. She pulled her pants down and inspected her now yellowing panties that were wet down her but and halfway up her front from sitting.

Back to her chair, she sat there, imagining she was at school and possibly having an accident in class and how naughty she would be. She spread her legs wide, letting her white panties peak on both sides from her grey shorts, which you could now make out were see through and filled with yellow pee. Imagining that the boys...or girls… in class might be peeking at her panties and loving what they saw…

More hot pee begin to flow over her crotch and down to her ass in a steady stream… it was really wet now and she was sitting in a wet puddle and pee ran down the back of her hamstrings, dripped on her calves and onto the floor. It felt amazing… Her cheeks were flushed, even though she was by herself, she was breathing very heavy now as she took a pen from her desk and jammed it into the outside of her wet panties up against her clit and moved it around furiously. Next the hand went down in he shorts and her fingers entered her wet slippery pussy and her thumb rubbed her clit at the same time. While she was fingering herself, she pushed some more pee out to get her fingers a little more slippery. Pee jetted out and soaked her front and back.

She fingered more and more. She just couldn’t stop, she was about to explode, and all of the sudden, the familiar shudder of ecstasy and warmth came over her entire body and she had the most intense amazing feeling in her pussy and then she got caught by surprised, she kept rubbing as she still had some engergy to this orgasm… all of the sudden another euphoric wave of pleasure hit her and a hot jet of pee seemed to squirt out from her pussy, she continued rubbing, another orgasm hit her to the point that she moaned out loud and peed again shooting pee all over the floor, finally her body collapsed into the chair, exhausted and wet, she squeezed out whatever remaining pee she thought she had. Not much, but enough that it made her pussy tingle as it came out. The wet panties and shorts were making her pussy feel so sensitive, she had to stand up.

She cleaned up her mess and decided to snap some pictures of her see through yellow panties from the front and the back. She then sent them over to Kay… “hope your night was as fun as mine”.

“Damn girl, that was the hottest picture I have seen… I want to touch your butt so bad right now Tor… I’ll be right over….lol”

“Wait...really???”

“No, I’m just kidding, it’s like midnight, I can’t just come out lol”

“Ohh, lol, I thought you were serious...I’m a little slow”

“Yeah...well….”

Kay decided to take a picture of her tight camel toe in her light blue shorts with her amazing cleavage and hard nipples and send it over to Torrie…

“Pee for me…” as Torrie was still in her tight wet panties and started feeling horny already again…

“Nah, I can’t tonight Tor, I have to get to sleep and I don’t feel like getting cleaned up and shit”.

“Party pooper…”

Kay thought, well, I won’t disappoint her. She went into the bathroom and pulled her light blue shorts down and revealed some nice light blue panties. She sat down on the toilet and pushed out some pee, she didn’t have much as she had just gone about 45 minutes ago, but it was enough to make her crotch nice and wet and run down her ass, wetting both cheeks nicely. Little droplets of pee still dropped out of her panties and as she stood up, it ran down her legs a little as she walked over to the mirror...snap and texted…”here you biatch...How’s that!”

“Damn girl, that’s hot, I was just teasing, you didn’t really have to pee LOL”

“OHH, you little twat….LOL… I love you”

“Good night…”. Torrie took her phone into the bathroom, and finished herself off one more time to Kay’s wet pictures and headed to bed…

Kay’s panties were wet, but not overly soaked, so she squeezed as much pee out as she could and decided to just put her shorts back on and go to sleep in her wet panties….

*014*2021-01-09 04:54

The Sleepover Part 1

Finally the day of the sleepover had arrived. It was a, windy, rainy early fall day, as Kay and Torrie got off the bus, they both hurried home to get out of the rain. Torrie’s mom had left earlier in the morning for her convention, so she was able to just chill and get everything in order before everyone started to arrive.

Everyone was set to arrive around 6. Kay arrived at Torrie’s a bit earlier to make sure everything was set and to see if Torrie needed any help with anything.

Niki, Katie, and Alyssa all arrived together driven by Katie’s Mom from soccer practice, since the weather was crappy, they all got together in the school’s large indoor sports facility that held larger events such as wrestling, basketball, the schoo’s graduation and lots of other larger community events. The girls grabbed their bags and quickly ran inside out of the pouring rain, hit the front porch and rang the doorbell.

Torrie greeted the 3 girls at the door, waived to Katie’s mom and away she went. The girls all exchanged hugs and exclaimed how happy they all were to see each other. The girls were dressed in their soccer warm ups and figured they would all go get changed. Lizzie arrived minutes later ringing the doorbell, dressed in some nice tight light blue jeans that showed off every curve of her perfect body with a somewhat shiny sleeveless shirt that had a large v-neck cut that showed off her cleavage and was loose to the point that her bra peeked out a little. The shirt made her look like she had larger boobs than she did...well probably her bra helped with that, but she looked amazing. She chuckled as she came in…”damn girls, I am a little bit over dressed”.

“Well, we all just came straight from indoor practice, so we didn’t change out of our warm ups yet, we are going to slip into some other clothes” Katie said, taking charge of Niki and Alyssa, “let’s go get ready for some fun bitches”...she teased.

Torrie asked the girls if they wanted to all use guest rooms to change…

“Nah, we will just change downstairs, we don’t care, we spend enough time with each other in the locker room, nothing we haven’t seen before” Niki quipped

“Ok, let’s go then girls, to my basement of fun”

Kay was wearing a tight fitting long sleeve white T that had a hood on it, that showed off the name of their beach town with a cool sunset scene on it and a cute little pair of shiny tight orange LuLu lemon shorts that matched the sunset scene of her shirt and showed off her curvy butt and pulled tightly up to her crotch and showed her nice little visible panty line. When she got to Torrie’s she grabbed the panties that she brought that just hugged her womanly parts just barely enough and maybe just a little too much when she started to get really horny, which she was already getting worked up.

Torrie had on a pair of little pink cotton Nike shorts that were skin tight, and showed every bit of her butt and the outline of her pussy. They were short, just extending down to the start of her smooth inner thighs, a pair of very light and tight pink cotton panties, and a skin tight white tank top.

When the girls got downstairs, Katie, Alyssa,and Niki all pulled some comfortable stuff out of their bag. Niki pulled down her warm ups exposing some cute little white panties with her tight little ass cheeks hanging out of them as they ran up her butt crack, she gently pulled them out to cover her butt a little more. In fact, all the girls had white panties because their soccer shorts and warm ups were white, so they wore white spandex shorts under them with white panties for every practice or game. She pulled out a navy shirt with a sea gull on it. The Gulls, the school mascot… adorned the front. Next came out a cute pair of little white cotton shorts that when she pulled them up hugged her ass perfectly and created a cute little triangle shape around her pussy as they pulled in snug towards her crotch as if she just tucked her pussy into a nice snug little package.

Katie had on a white thong that showed her perfectly tanned ass, not a tan line on her entire body and she had an amazing golden brown tan.

“How are you so perfectly Tan???” Kay asked….

“Tanning salon my dear...you just go in naked and everything comes out Tan, first time I ever did it, I burned my nips” the girls erupted in laughter”

Katie showed off her rock solid six pack and cute pierced belly button, off came her bra that briefly exposed her perfect tight perky boobs with perfect nipples, and she slipped on a tight strappy black shirt that showed off her belly ring. She pulled out a little pair of silky white satin looking shorts that were snug to her but, but loose around her crotch area and as she was bending down at her bag, Kay was staring at Katies panties peaking out the side and her thong sticking up a little out the back.

At the same time Alyssa had on some snug fitting bootie panties that were a little more like shorts and were smooth and shiny, she showed her long muscular athletic legs, she pulled on a skin tight pair of Sky blue leggings that clung to her like a second skin. She was of course statuesque with her 6 foot tall, perfect frame. Even though she was a beauty, she never felt confident, she always felt like she was too big and that everyone stared at her, but she was gorgeous, but her height made her a little bit self conscious when she wasn’t around her teammates in sports. She pulled on a loose fitting white tank that you could see through the sides of the arms that slipped that on over a cute blue sports bra that matched her leggings.

Niki happened to look over at Kay who’s nipples were popping out of her shirt as she watched the girls getting changed and re-dressed. “Damn Kay… is it cold in here for you…”

Kay’s face went red and flushed warm…”you know me and my big old boobs, always showing the goods” she tried joking…

“What if I had your boobs on my body.” Niki asked…

“Hmm, well, you probably wouldn’t be able to walk, you would fall forward and bounce off the ground” Kay joked as all the girls roared again picturing Niki bouncing around with boobs that were as big as her head…

“Give us a flash Kay, let’s see those mama’s” Niki quipped with a sneaky grin on her face…

“Oh, it’s going to be one of those parties” Katie laughed…

“You never know….” Niki laughed

“Show em Kay” Torrie egged on..

Without even thinking, Kay just whipped up her shirt and and showed her boobs that were popping out of her bra that she could never get quite the right size of…

“Damn girl” Niki exclaimed… I’m going to come over and motor boat those big boobs and she ran over and jokingly jammed her face into Kay’s chest as Kay pulled her shirt back at the same time… both of the girls laughed hysterically

Alyssa just hung out and observed, giggling at the ice breaking small talk going on… “Why so quiet Lyss? Lizzie asked

“Oh, you know me, I’m not as fun as all of you…”

“Lyss, you are the best, don’t sell yourself short, your so beautiful and so tall, I wish I was as tall as you” little 5 foot Niki exclaimed. “I’m a full fucking foot shorter than you” I would kill to borrow 6 inches from you!”

“You can have it...I’m so awkward compared to everyone else”

“Stop” Lizzie exclaimed..You are so fucking beautiful, you intimidate people with your beauty…”

“Sure, thanks for trying to make me feel better… but…”

All the girls ran over and grabbed her and gave her a huge group hug...Niki playfully grabbed two handfuls of Alysa’s butt and gave her a little pinch… and Alyssa felt much better with her girls…

“I….love you guys….as she had a tear in her eye….”

Ok, enough being sappy bitches...Katie exclaimed….The doorbell rang and the delivery that Torrie ordered had shown up. The girls ran upstairs and grabbed the food, paid the awkward nerdy delivery boy who did nothing but stare at the hot girls wishing that he was part of the party.

There was pizza, wings, mozzarella sticks, nachos, and breadsticks, and a salad for Alyssa who always ate healthy, and Torrie remembered to make sure she had something to make her friend comfortable…. As they laid out all the food, Lizzie pulled a 6 pack of beer out of her bag and put it on the table… She had a 22 year old sister that was living at home as she was still looking for a full time job after college… I brought us some fun, enough for 2 each...My sister dropped me off, so I asked her to stop at the liquor store before we got here.

“Umm, that’s ok” said Alyssa, “you know me… I don’t….”

“Shut up as Lizzie handed her an open bud light bottle...it’s light beer and you need to loosen up and have some fun for a change… stop being so damn uptight…

“Well….I...never drank alcohol before….Is it good?”

“Umm, it’s the king of beers girl…of course it’s good” Lizzie joked and passed a bottle to each girl…”cheers to everyone…to good friends and to hope we don’t wait this long to all hang out again.

The sleep over was now kicked off….

*015*2021-01-09 07:12

The Sleep Over Part 2

Alyssa reluctantly took a sip of the beer and kind of liked the taste of it. Ok, it’s not so bad, it’s pretty good actually... Alyssa grabbed a slice of pizza to the amazement of the other girls and chomped it down and swigged some more beer....”what, you guys told me to loosen up...”

The girls all chuckled and started doing the same. Sipping away at their beers and eating pizza and snacks, making small talk about some minor school drama, the girls all sat on the large soft leather sofa. Katie sat with her legs spread open, almost constantly flashing the other girls her tiny white thong covered pussy.

“Torrie and Kay, have you guys ever drank before asked Lizzie”.

“Well, we sometimes drink the hard stuff”

”really?” Katie’s ears perked up...”you have any vodka?”

”Sure, we have tons of stuff behind the bar...” Pretending to be a drinking expert, when her and Kay had only just tasted it for the first time a week ago.

”Nice, we’re going to have to break that out. You have some Tea or Lemonade or something to mix it with, it’s better that way”

”Yeah, we have half and half tea, lemonade, raspberry lemonade, we’ve got some good mixers, right Kay?”

“Yeah, I’ll run up and grab it for us” Kay ran upstairs and came back with a bag filled with half gallon bottle of each from the upstairs fridge”

”Ok, you guys are the bartenders” we can break that out after we finish up our beers”

”Perfect” Torrie said...

All the girls finished their first beers and begin to crack open their last beer and they stared in amazement as Lyss quickly downed about half of the second beer quite quickly...”what, I’m thirsty.. the pizza is salty” she laughed. About 15 minutes later they finished their 2nd beers and noticed that everyone was pretty happy, they were cranking some music and singing... and laughing... Kay noticed that Niki was crossing her legs and bobbing her leg up and down, almost moving her little tight pussy lips along with every bounce through her shorts. Sensing this was her time to pounce...

”Let’s play a little game” Kay exclaimed.

“Ohhh, what kind of games Kay...” Katie exclaimed, giggling all cutely and innocently batting her eyes at Kay...

”Well, how about a little truth or dare...”

“I’m in...” Torrie exclaimed quickly

”Me too” said Katie

Lizzy, Niki, and Alyssa all agreed.

”Ok, I get to go first” Kay said. “Niki, truth or dare”.

“Truth”

”Have you ever... peed your pants by accident” She could clearly see Niki bouncing and bobbing

“Oh yeah, definitely...sometimes from laughing, sometimes when I’m playing soccer, I’ll just pop a squat and go, I pissed my bed once when I had too much to drink at Lizzie’s house, her sister got us fucked up... as she laughed” I have a little bit of a weak bladder... she laughed without a care..

Katie chimed in: “haha, me too, I always pee a little when I laugh...don’t feel bad girl...”

Kay instantly started to get excited, out game the high beams again... as she almost couldn’t believe how freely Niki was spilling her pee escapades... gut she figured the beer was catching up to her tiny little frame much quicker than all the other girls and Katie just offering it up without even being asked

Torrie quickly chimed up next... “Katie, truth or dare”

“DARE as she batted her eyes... at Torrie”

“I Dare you to take a big shot of this tequila”

“Let me have it!”

Torrie poured her what amounted to about 2 large shots, not knowing much about how to pour a shot and she used far to big of a glass.

”Damn, are you trying to get me hammered” she laughed.... I guess I have to do it. She grabbed the glass and after the first big gulp she sipped she choked and started coughing, some of the tequila dripped out of the side of her mouth and onto her boobs on her shirt...The girls were all yelling chug, chug, chug, chug... She managed to get the rest down, feeling flushed and hot... she was choking again from the hot liquor down her throat... As she coughed again, she was jamming her hands into her crotch trying avoid squeezing a big pee out as she was a bit full from the 2 beers she drank... As she finally calmed down, she pulled her hands out of her crotch and there was noticeable wet spot that had formed on her silky white shorts... “SEE, I told you, laugh, cough, I might PEE!”

”Speaking of pee” Alyssa asked shyly... “ where’s the bathroom?”

“Wait, before you go, it’s your turn, truth or dare... Katie asked Lyss”

“Umm, can’t it wait a minute, I’ll be right back”

”Torrie, you keep quiet...Ok, You’e getting a Dare!... You have to finish that big glass of ice tea as the girls poured her a 20oz glass behind the bar and poured a lemon flavored vodka into, a couple oz’s, enough to that it would get her a little drunker, but she may not notice...”ok, give me the glass so I can drink it and go.” She started to take some sips and realized that her bladder was aching so bad and her stomach was so full from the beer that she didn’t know how much she was going to be able to get down. It tastes a little funny she thought, but she kept sipping, trying to get through it as quickly as she could, but it wasn’t going well, as she sat on her heal and pushed it hard into her pussy to try to hold her pee in, but not showing the other girls that she was incredibly desperate to go.

”Lizzie” Torrie asked.. truth or Dare... Truth... Have you ever....masturbated...?”

Lizzie’s face went red with embarrassment...not sure she wanted to admit it in front of all of the girls...

”Hey, come on, what’s said here, stays here, we’re all old friends” Torrie laughed...

”Ummm, yeah, I’ve masturbated before.....a few times here and there....”

Lizzie then asked Kay... Dare....

I dare you you to take off bra and show us your boobs...

”I already showed my boobs”

”no, without the bra...”

”ok, here you go” she unhooked her bra and instantly felt so much more comfortable and showed everyone her huge boobs...

Lyss still sat there quietly sipping her tea, really needing to pee more and more...”are your sure I can’t just take a quick pee?”

”nope, drink....”

Lyss was drunk from the beers and now the vodka in her drink, so she shook her head and complied.

“Torrie” Truth... have you ever watched porn....”yeah, I’ve watched it on the internet”

“ohh, what kind Katie asked curiously...” girl on girl??? She giggled” Torrie was definitely getting a drunk vibe from Katie that she was pretty much up for anything and looking to hook up with someone tonight and she was trying to feel out the room herself... “I’ve watched some girl on girl stuff...I watched some girls....pee in their pants....she let the test balloon out...”

”Really...Katie said curiously...” have you ever made out with a girl....?” Kay almost spit out her drink...Torrie just sat there kind of thinking how to answer....

”So you HAVE!.. WHO, tell us now”

“wait, that’s two questions....”

“Fuck it, game over”

”Ohh, then can I go to the bathroom now lyss said excitedly....”

“NO all the girls laughed...Lyss muddled under her breath...ok, you’ll be sorry when I just pee right here on the floor”

That didn’t slip by Kay... “Ok, well if you can’t finish your drink first, then...just pee...it’s ok... we’ll wash your clothes for you later...”

“NO, I can’t just pee, that’s gross, I”m going to keep drinking, I’ll honor my dare”... she was only about halfway done and bouncing up and down like a rubber ball, and rubbing her legs together. She was embarrassed to physically hold her crotch in front of the other girls, so she kept enduring the pain...and it hurt....to the point that her eyes were starting to tear up a little, not that she was going to cry, she was just trying to hold so hard...

“Katie chimed in... yeah, it’s ok if you have to...PEEEEEEEEEEEEE...PISSSSSSSSSSSSSS, waterfalls are so nice.... oceans...”

All the girls laughed, but Lyss’ predicament was getting worse....

Niki was also now furiously bobbing up and down.... and was getting ready to get up when Kay said... Ok, Holding contest, the last one standing gets to....

Katie chimed in.... last one standing gets to make out with anyone of her choosing....

Woahhh, easy there Katie....Lizzie exclaimed....Are you wasted...

Maybe a little bit Katie said, so that’s why it’s ok... no one will know... remember what’s said at the party stays at the party....

Kay was like, brilliant, I can hold forever bitches, so you are all done....

So, Kay....then who would you make out with....Katie asked curiously....

Kay thought for a second....and joked, not wanting to look too eager or make her pee buddy Torrie feel weir since they’ve been playing with each other quite a bit...but they weren’t a couple or anything....just pee buddies that helped each other get off....that’s all...”all of you!”

Torrie thought, damn, that was kind of a brilliant answer...and she wasn’t jealous if Kay made out with anyone else, because she was going to win the contest!

Niki had sat back down... and Torrie handed all the girls different drinks as all the girls chose something and a flavored vodka...except lyss who still had to finish her drink, but Torrie poured more tea into her glass....”thanks Tor... she sighed”

Then Torrie exclaimed...No one has to worry, if anyone has an accident, I’ve got tons of clothes, and we have washers and driers, so drink up bitches....

About 5 minutes later, Niki was really jamming her hands into her little white shorts and was rocking furiously on the floor...and whimpering...I’m not going to make it...it’s coming...fuck....fuck...as she rocked back and forth on the floor, she suddenly froze in place and hot yellow pee quickly soaked the nice tight triangular package that was her pussy in her shorts and it was coming out full force...as she sat almost in ecstasy....her shorts were almost instantly see through....pee spread all up her backside and up the front, it was coming out everywhere... The other girls stared in amazement as Niki sat there just peeing full force in front of the rest of the girls...

All of the sudden, Lyss stood up quickly with her hands jammed into her crotch and tears streaming down her face from the pain of her bladder... she was about to latterly explode... she tried to take a step and was so tipsy from the alcohol, she bumped into the couch and slid to the floor... the girls all laughed....someone is toasted... all of the sudden, Alyssa’s crotch was glistening with a full stream of pee as she laid on her back on the floor with her legs slightly bent in front of her... pee soaking all down her butt and up the back of her tee shirt...she quickly realized what had happened... she just had a full blown accident... she started to cry a little bit, but the pee felt so good as her bladder continued to empty... the girls all sat there watching in amazement as they didn’t think anyone could have that much pee inside them...

Alyssa’s ass was just covered in a river of pee, she tried to get up again, but slid over in her pee and rolled onto her side, still peeing with her ass facing the girls as it hissed out in full force....the girls watched as it now seemed to just run out towards her ass...

Katie, drunk and horny went over to comfort Alyssa and tried to help her sit up, but also put her hand on Lyss’ ass and felt the pee on her leggings that were now saturated across the top half and the backs. The only dry spot was her shins.... Katie instantly felt warm pee start to soak into her thong, drenching it instantly....”Fuck Lyss, you’re making me piss” Katie just stood there and spread her legs open and let it happen on purpose... her silky white shorts getting dark and clinging to her skin, the pee rolled down the fronts and backs of her legs feeling so warm and sticky.....

“Well, that was quick, 3 down, 3 to go” Kay exclaimed....She had to pee, but she had a bladder of steel and even with all the peeing, she was no so horny, she was really rocking on her foot to masturbate in front of the girls without masturbating through her little orange shorts that were now jammed into her pussy lips.... she could feel her panties getting damp, but that was from being horny...

Lizzie was still dressed in her skin tight jeans and sexy booby showing shirt....

Lyss was sitting up and Torrie had grabbed some towels for her and Katie and Niki to dry off their legs and wipe up the lake of pee that was on the basement floor...luckily it was tile, so it was easy to wipe up. Losers have to sit in their wet clothes until the game is over by the way... as Kay added another rule to the game on the fly...

Lyss kind of drunk just sat there staring at her wet pants saying...I peed....I peed my pants....I can’t believe I peed....Lizzie....I peed...

”yes lyss, I see you peed dear...I’m trying not to pee myself....”

The last 3 standing drank more and more of their drinks...

Torrie was about a 9 out of 10 and Lizzie was up to about 11 out of 10....Kay was still holding strong, she was blocking out her need to pee, which she was really good at, she would pee only when she wanted to pee!

“Katie begin to torment Lizzie by pouring liquids between cups, making pisssssssss noises....

Lizzie was walking around the room back and forth, trying to hold and figuring if she walked, that it wouldn’t want to come out...She felt a spurt shoot into her panties, warming her crotch....she froze...SHIT... Jeans are still good.... a few minutes and another warm spurt of pee soaked her smooth pussy...now it was starting to seep out to her jeans as a small wet spot showed.....She covered it with her hand so the girls didn’t see it... walking....another spurt... this time it was a little longer... and she didn’t realize at first that her jeans were so tight, the pee shot up her butt crack....when she turned around...Torrie shreaked.... you’re peeing!!!! You loose....

”not yet, I didn’t have a full accident yet, this doesn’t count....”

”Oh yes it does” Katie and Niki grabbed Lizzie on each side of her waste and started to tickle her mercilessly... Lizzy laughed and screamed, stop, it’s coming.... I can’t.... a huge hiss came out of her pussy and the pee seemed to almost instantly cover her ass, and run straight down both legs. Her awesome thigh gap made it look so sexy... she finally gave in and just let it happen... pee soaked her jeans all the way down both legs, mostly down the inside and the backs of her legs....”how is that possible that I peed behind me...” she laughed... After about 2 minutes, she finally stopped pissing and there wasn’t much dry left on the jeans....as they were totally stuck to her legs now...

Torrie and Kay gave each other the look and Torrie somewhat gave in and just stood up and said I can’t hold it anymore, I’m out... and she relaxed and pee started to pool up inside her tight little shorts and then made it’s way down her legs like a waterfall...She then thought...I’m going to show off a little and pulled her shorts down and let the pee fall into her shorts as the girls watched her panties just stream pee from her cute little pussy....They all stared as her cute little pink shorts were heavy and totally soaked and dripping with pee, her pink panties were see through, and you could see her entire pussy...

Katie walked over and put her hand under Torrie’s pee stream, then pressed her hand up to Torrie’s crotch. The rest of the girls all started giggling... Katie is HORNY...Niki exclaimed.... Katie then made her way over to Niki and grabbed her at the butt and pulled her close and kissed her...Niki just let it happen.... she then walked over to Lizzie and put her hands on the insides of her wet legs and worked her way up Lizzie’s legs until she got to her pussy, she rubbed it gently through Lizzie’s wet jeans for a few minutes....Lizzie moaned gently... she then moved over to Kay...

Kay... You get to make out with anyone you want, but I just cheated and made out with everyone... what you are you going to do... Kay feeling naught, held Katie and brought her into her huge boobs. She moved Katie over to the couch and laid her down and put her hands up Katie’s shorts and rubbed her wet thong... She laid on top of her as all the girls were hooting and hollering and cheering them on... Kay laid on her and rubbed her breasts against Katie’s hard body... This is for cheating... Kay relaxed her bladder as their bodies rubbed together and Katie loudly moaned, almost making a show for the rest of the girls...

The girls watched from behind as Kay’s pussy was almost exploding out of her little shiny orange shorts that were probably about a size too small for her... Her round little but cheeks were now showing out of her pants.... and the girls could see the pee glisten from behind...as it covered the front of Katie’s body... Katie’s pants now getting wet and warm all over again from Kay’s pee....Katie was loudly moaning and saying, I’m so naughty for cheating...this is my punishment... I’ll take it... she reached in front of her feeling Kay’s throbbing pussy lips as the pee streamed down and ran down her arms and onto her shirt.... Finally she stopped peeing and the girls continued kissing and feeling each other’s hot wet pussies...

While the girls were making out..Torrie said... well, this might go on for a while...as she laughed... Niki stood there and spread her legs and started to pee more into her already saturated white shorts rubbing her pussy while she watched the other girls making out...Torrie pulled niki’s shorts down exposing her panties and the pee running out from them.. both were quite wet and yellowed with pee...she leaned in with her hand on Niki’s crotch and started to rub Nik’s clit and slipping a finger into niki’s tight little pussy... Niki moaned loudly... and all of the sudden, felt her body shudder.... Lizzie stood in amazement as she just watched Torrie give Niki a knee bending orgasm...Niki slouched to the floor in her puddle of pee and shuddered....What the fuck was that Tor...I’ve never... ever... felt that before.... that was...fucking amazing...how did you do that?????????

”I guess I have the magic touch....I made Kay orgasm too....?

Ohhhhhhh, so you guys make out Lizzie asked curiously.....

“Ummm, just like once when were drunk...”

“Kay yelled, we make out... and it’s glorious”

”Lizzie asked Torrie timidly... can you...do that to me???”

Torrie walked over and started to feel Lizzie’s pussy over her wet jeans...getting her worked up.. she unbuttoned her jeans and peeled them down and saw Lizzie’s see through panties... she slipped her hand down her wet panties and started to do the same technique on Lizzie’s pussy, in about 3 minutes, Lizzie was getting this feeling like she was going to explode.... Tor, Wait...Torrie kept going.. I think I might pee.... quite Lizzie.... just let it happen and all of the sudden, the explosion of euphoria hit Lizzie’s body as she arched her chest back and moaned... and shuddered and almost fell back... she stood with her legs wide open and just relaxed and let more warm pee soak her crotch and her perfect little pussy... it streamed into her half pulled down jeans and pooled in the middle.... it stopped and Torrie pulled Lizzie’s jeans up and the pee ran down the legs and pushed up into her wet pussy... “holy fuck that was amazing”

The entire time Lyss just sat watching everything. Torrie came up behind Kay and started rubbing Kay’s wet pussy from behind....finding the clit and giving Kay an instant orgasm......Torrie was the orgasm whisperer....

She realized a very drunk Lyss was just sitting there... and Torrie and Niki and Lizzie went over to her as Katie and Kay continued to make out and caress each other on the couch, kissing and fingering each other, moaning and screeching....

The girls picked Lyss up and Lyss said, can...I try to do what just happened... she said in a funny drunk way....Niki stood on the couch and took Lyss’ shirt off and exposed her cute sports bra...and little perking nipples on her nice breasts... Niki standing on the couch pulled the bra down exposing her boobs and she started to caress them....Lizzie came from behind and started rubbing Alyssa’s wet ass and pulled her leggings down exposing her totally soaked see through wet white boy shorts....p

Torrie came in from underneath and begin to rub Lyss’ pussy.... almost instantly, she could feel warm pee flowing from Lyss’ pussy... sorry...I have to go...Don’t stop it...it’s better that way....Torrie went to town... getting 3 fingers into Alyssa’s pussy with no problem...Hmm she thought... She found her clit while she was fingering her and decided to put her mouth on it and start to suck it and lick it... it was salty from the pee that smelled a little like beer, but did’t taste too bad...Torrie sucked a little pee from Alyssa’s panties... Hmmm, this is interesting.... After all 3 girls felt Alyssa up and had her pretty much Naked in the room, they gave her the most amazing and he first orgasm....

*016*2021-01-09 08:00

The Sleep Over Part 3

After all the girls peed, sucked and finger fucked each other for about an hour... they were all pretty drunk, wet and dirty, so they all figured it was best to clean up a little bit, but they would come back down in the morning and all do a good deep cleaning and mop the floors etc....

Torrie took everyone’s pissy clothes and put them in the Laundry and got that going...

Lyss was so wasted that they got her in the shower and cleaned her up and got her into a pair of Torrie’s panties and shorts that were too small for her, but she didn’t care, she said they felt good...

Katie and Kay showered together, still making out with each other in the shower...they rubbed their bodies a together...Katie just couldn’t stop sucking on Kays huge breasts and then moving down to Kay’s pussy...When it was Kay’s turn, she was helping wash Katie’s body and she started to give Katie oral sex in the shower and Katie said... Kay... I have to pee... watch your face.... Pee on me... pee on my chest....Katie quickly obliged and shot hot pee all over Kay’s chest.... Kay leaned in and let some hit her mouth... tasting Katie’s pee was amazing...Kay was just in heaven with how well this turned out...

After their shower, they got dressed...and decided to sleep in the same bed in one of the spare rooms so they could continue making out and that was the last anyone saw of them for the rest of the night...

Lizzie, Torrie and Niki were watching poor drunk Lyss who was pretty much passed out at this point... Dressed in a fresh pair of yellow shorts and green panties that Torrie didn’t really like, so she gave them to Lyss to borrow and an old t-shirt...

The other 3 girls talked about the night and how much fun they had and Torrie demonstrated the technique she used to give the girls an orgasm... Lizzie decided she was going to practice and started going to town as she opted just to sleep in some panties...all 3 girls were in Torrie’s bed now and Lyss was on the air mattress on the floor...

The 3 girls started to have wandering hands and were all feeling each other up... Niki was still wasted, but still wide awake and really going to town feeling up Torrie and Lizzie... Torrie explained the technique and Niki started to practice on Torrie as Lizzie was going to town on her own pussy... Torrie gave Niki pointers and within about 10 minutes, gave Torrie a screaming orgasm.... it was amazing...

Torrie showed Niki on her pussy what to do and Lizzie finished herself off and fell asleep... Niki finally got some help from Torrie and she had her 2nd orgasm of the night....

They cuddled as Lizzie snored on the end.. Niki was in the middle.... both girls fell asleep in each other’s arms...

Torrie woke up around 7:30 with a bit of a headache. Not too bad, she was looking around and decided she needed some water....all of the sudden, she felt the bed sheets and they were wet...FUCK...Who pissed in my bed....She felt her crotch and she did’t think it was her....the side of her shorts were wet, but just the side that was........Next to Niki....she mentioned that night pissing her bed drunk....Fuck...she pissed in my bed... She pulled the covers down and saw immediately Nik’s saturated leggings that Torrie let her borrow and a round wet patch on the bed in the middle... She then looked over at Lizzie’s panties and her ass was all wet, unknowingly in Niki’s pee.... She woke Niki up... Niki...you pissed the bed....

FUCK...I’m so sorry, she started to cry.... and Lizzie woke up...feeling her wet ass... What the fuck... Niki, did you pee on me she laughed....I’m sorry she cried...I’m so sorry....

Torrie comforted her....it’s ok... it was an accident....

“I knew I should have put on my night pants...”

“What they asked....”

“I piss my bed a lot....I have to wear a kid’s pull up...and I was so drunk I forgot...”

”Ohh...really...” Torrie inquired...

”Yeah, my mom hates .... she’s always disgusted by it.... I can’t help it though, the doctor says it happens sometimes for a while... I don’t know....I have an underdeveloped bladder....”. I have a pee pad and everything in my bed so my pull-up doesn’t leak through the mattress if I really pee a lot...

“Does the pull up work” Torrie asked...

”yeah, most of the time...sometimes I pee too much and it leaks.. I’ll leave you one, I obviously don’t need it now”.

Torrie assured her it was fine and 3 girls got up and got the bed stripped down.... and realized that Alyssa had also peed herself in her sleep, but luckily it was on the air mattress, so no harm there... Alyssa was soaked from her ass to her tits in pee... The girls woke her up to a screaming headache....when she realized that she was soaking wet, she was like....shit.....I thought I got up to pee in the toilet...I really though that I got up to pee.... I must have dreamed it.... it’s ok Lyss, it happened to me a few weeks ago and Niki peed on both of us last night....Well, I guess that makes me feel a little better....

The girls cleaned up the room and all decided to get washed up...

Kay and Katie woke up in the spare bedroom.... both were just wearing panties and t-shirts....

They both got up and decided to go to the guest bathroom together... Katie really had to pee bad... and Kay pulled her bladder of steel trick and just ran in and sat on the toilet in front of Katie, still in her panties...she started to stroke her pussy in front of Katie and immediately her big nipples got hard....

Kay, I’m going to piss my panties.....

So what, they’re Torrie’s....

Hmm. True....

Kay started to let out a nice long stream in the white panties she was wearing....turning them bright yellow and smelling super strong from all the drinking last night....

Katie watched in amazement... Damn that’s some bright yellow pee Kay...

Katie not being able to hold it anymore ran over and sat on Kay’s lap and started to let her pee out...which was equally as yellow... soaking down to Kay’s panties and running down Kay’s legs and onto the bathroom floor.... Fuck...we have to clean this up Katie...Yeah, that’s fine, we will... as she continued to push out hot pee all over Kay....

She finished and stood up, showing Kay her hot pussy from behind... Kay reached out and started to rub it furiously....peeing more into the toilet herself....

Katie turned around and threw her hands down Kay’s panties and fingered her to a peeing orgasm.....

As this was happening, the other girls heard what was going on and all 4 of them threw open the door to watch... Kay grabbed Katie and pushed her into the shower and pulled her panties aside and started to finger her tight pussy hard and rubbing her clit with the other hand.,...in minutes Katie screamed in ecstasy... I think that was about the 10th one since last night Kay... the girls all looked on in amazement as their two friends put on a show...

Katie squeezed out the last little bit of pee into ....hey....those are my panties Torrie laughed....

”yep and you’ll never want to wash them again’’

“Umm’ that’s gross....”

The girls all gained their composure, helped get the whole house cleaned up and laundry done and cleaned Torrie’s mattress up and dried it with a hair dryer...

The basement totally smelled like pee, but they cleaned it good with some nice smelling floor cleaner and sprays...

As the girls rides started to arrive, they all agreed that they would like to do this again and Katie mentioned that next time if it was ok, she would invite a couple other girls that she knew, her friend Cassie that lived in her neighborhood that was a year ahead of them, but they were really good friends, and she knew Cassie peed in her pants on occasion as well... and her friend Brianna, who was a pretty free spirit and totally up to do anything.... and that meant anything. She didn’t need any convincing... If Katie said pee your pants.. Bri would pee on command she said...

The girls all thought that was a great idea and would find a time to get together again in the near future...

*018*2021-01-09 14:47

Thanks so much for the kind words! I appreciate it all! I’m going to keep going, maybe moving off with other characters when possible also. Certainly welcome suggestions and such, will try to work them in...if they fit, it is my fantasy of course LOL. Seriously, though, will do my best to add as much and as often as time permits and make it fun for people to read.

*022*2021-01-10 04:05

Awesome, thanks again for the kind feedback, there will definitely be some public wetting stuff soon... I have a really fun idea, but don’t want to spoil the surprise...

*023*2021-01-10 05:46

After the Sleepover:

After everyone left, Kay and Torrie had most of the afternoon before they were going to be back over at Kay’s to fulfill their baby sitting duties for the night.

“Kay...did we really just have a major pee party last night....??? Like, how the fuck did that all really happen, I mean, did we really peg all the pissing girls to THE T....?

”I suppose we did...I can’t believe that really happened myself....I’m still in a daze...I mean...Katie and I just...I mean...She just made me feel like a queen last night....”

”Do tell your majesty...how was her body...? The girls giggled and swapped stories on making out and how Niki peed in Torrie’s bed, the girls just couldn’t believe what happened... and really couldn’t wait to find more girls in school that might be like minded...

Kay and Torrie speculated that there were a lot more girls in school that shared the same type of fetish that they did, that just kept it repressed as peeing your pants really isn’t socially acceptable, however... it’s done a lot more than anyone can imagine....

Kay and Torrie made another pass through the house, making sure there was no evidence of any party or anything...Taking out the garbage and doing another deep clean on everything, including the laundry. Torrie’s mom called and the girls spoke with her on speaker together... She asked what they did the previous night to which the girls innocently replied...”oh, nothing much, we just hung out and played some video games, watched a movie, and hit the sack early, we have to be ready to baby sit later....”

“Sounds pretty boring” Torrie’s mom teased the girls... and told the girls all about the convention and how she had a large reception with her colleagues to go to later this evening...

The girls decided to take a long nap after checking in with Kay’s parent’s, assuring them they would be over around 4pm so that they could get ready to head to their dinner party. The girls hung out with Kay’s little brother’s took care of them, fed them dinner, and made sure they go to to bed on time and so on and so on for the night...

School came the next week and the girls from the party met up in the cafeteria on that Monday after and all whispered about how much fun that they had over the weekend... Even shy Alyssa seemed to have a new found confidence about her, more outgoing and talkative...Have they finally broken her out of her shell...The girls believed they have as she was one of the first to say that she couldn’t wait to hang out again soon and asked Lizzie if next time she might bring her some extra beer...

Lizzie certainly obliged and said Lyss, if it makes you as social as you were the other night, you are going to get your own six pack...

As the girls spoke and hung out, a few of the cheerleaders came over and approached the table and sat down. There was Brianna, Julianna, and Cassie. There were no shortage of incredibly beautiful girls in school and most of the boys in school were a bit geeky and self absorbed and the girls were not all that much into them at all...in fact, most of the boys were almost immature and obnoxious to the point that the girls steered clear of most of them and there were probably a ratio of 4 girls for every boy in the school for whatever reason...

Brianna was a wild child of a girl, super crazy, up for whatever anyone wanted to do, didn’t care what it was, she would do it and it was easy to convince her. She was the type of girl that if you asked her to show her boobs to the whole school, she wouldn’t think twice about it and do it. She had a super pretty face, she was not skinny, not overweight, but curvy and well developed in all the right places and she always wore everything as skin tight as she could get it, never leaving much to the imagination. She had shoulder length light brown hair with lots of blonde highlights, a very popular thing amongst the school...blondes had more fun of course...

Except if you were Julianna was this exotic looking girl, with olive complexion, long jet black hair that shined in the light, a perfect body and the most angelic looking face. Always wearing the shortest little mini skirts, this was her signature... It was never a chore to sneak a quick peak of her panties as her skirts were always so short, it was almost impossible for her to hide panties in them. She always wore a complimentary tight shirt to show off her perfectly shaped breasts.. Her legs always seemed so incredibly smoooooooth and silky as they ran up from the ground and just vanished into the short little skirts....

Cassie or Cassandra, a gorgeous little black girl with a nice little bubble butt and large breasts, a perky little attitude, long black straight hair that she often kept braided in a braid that ran almost down to that perfect bubble butt. She Often wore all kinds of fun outfits from short skirts, to tight leggings, to tight jeans and she looked incredible in a bikini during beach season. Another exotic looking beauty...

The 3 girls sat down at the table with sleepover crew, all of them were close friends with Katie, so there was no doubt in everyone’s mind that they were here for a reason...they wanted to get in on some fun...

“So ladies...Katie tells me you had a bit of a...party this weekend...” The beauty Julianna exclaimed quietly... Julianna was definitely going to be the captain of the cheerleading squad some day, almost a natural born leader that commanded presence amongst the other girls...

Torrie spoke up... “Ummm, yeah, we had a...get together...”

”From what I understand it was a lot of fun...Lizzie, I hear you can get alcohol, is that true?”

”Yeah, my sister is 22 and I can get whatever I want whenever, you need me to get you Some stuff?”

“Yea, however, we also want you guys to come with the alcohol...”

“My parents are going out of town in a couple weeks...and I figured we could have what you call...”a get together”? “ “Cass and Bri and myself are interested in partying...I have a hot tub and indoor pool and lots of things to do at the house...” My Older sister is supposed to be responsible for me that weekend, but she’s already told me she’s heading out to hang out with her friends that night and she doesn’t care what I do that night.

Jules parents were loaded and she lived in a mansion right on the water with tons of different amenities and All the girls spoke for a while and planned to get together in a couple of weeks when Jules parents would be out of town.

After school that day, Jules, Cass, and Bri all got on messenger and started to chat with each other and discussing plans for the get together and discussing who from their circle of other friends and cheerleaders that they wanted to possibly invite over. As they created a short list of girls they wanted to invite over...Jules was feeling a little frisky and started to pull down her shirt and showing off her cleavage to the other girls on video...

Ohh, are we doing this type of call Cassie exclaimed....She stood up showing her cute bubbly butt in a pair of skin tight yellow leggings and pulled them down just a tiny bit to show off a pair of light yellow cotton panties that matched her leggings, spun around and pulled down the front of her shirt revealing her nice dark breasts...

Bri just sat there quietly rubbing her pussy through her jeans on camera... waiting for the girls to notice what she was doing.... It took Jules and Cass a while to realize what was going on as they were too busy showing each other their boobs... and finally Cassie noticed what Bri was doing and said..”Ohh girllllll, let me join...as she sexily started to rub her pussy through her leggings. Jules sat on her desk chair with her legs spread and her hand rubbing her pussy, what would be anyone’s dream to see if they were sitting in front of her, watching her spread her legs in her skirt, revealing her sexy little black panties under her tight black cotton skirt...

“Cassandra....” Julianna exclaimed...”Are you home alone...”

“Besides my younger sister dear... my parents don’t get home from work for a few hours yet and she’s doing homework, she’s slammed” Cassies sister was equally as beautiful as she was, just one year behind the other girls, but the two girls could almost pass as twins since they were so close in age and they were always hanging out together, although this was the first time in a while they would be in different schools for a year until they both moved up one grade.

“Ok... give us a little show...” Jules said confidently...

”ok, what do you want girls?... You want to see my hot pussy...my nice tits... my perfect ass...you want to watch me rub one out...”

Bri of course up for anything.... I’ll do whatever you guys want me to...

“Well, in that case... I want you both to take off your shirts and show me those luscious breasts...” Jules said

Both girls took off their shirts exposing their beautiful large breasts as Jules rubbed her pussy through her panties feeling the moisture in her crotch from her hornyness.

Bri stood up rubbing her crotch with her breasts exposed and said... “watch this...” Cass and Jules watched as a large wet spot formed on Bri’s tight Jeans and spread up the front of her crotch, glistening and shooting down the inside of her thighs instantly... She started to rub herself as the pee continued to pour through her jeans with shimmering streams running all down her legs...

”Holy shit Bri” Cass exclaimed....as she watched in amazement as Bri’s Jeans became saturated with pee... “you are totally making me want to do that... Cass then relaxed her muscles and the girls could totally hear the piss hissing out of her pants... it shot up her ass and down both legs splashing onto her floor in her room as she jammed her hand into her pussy... Jules sat and furiously masturbated to the site of her two best friends peeing in their pants... she was just going to town and was ready to explode when behind Cassie, her bedroom door flew open and they saw Cassie’s sister Shauna walk in... stop and freeze as she stared at her older sister...

“Cass... what the fuck...”

“Cass was startled and almost had a heart attack...she forgot to lock the door to her bedroom and Shauna stood there shaking her head... I mean... If you’re going to do that, lock the fucking door... I don’t need to see that shit.... Shauna quipped as Cass was super embarrassed to have been caught not only half naked and masturbating, but being soaked in her own pee.... Even though it was no secret that she liked to indulge in peeing....it’s still awkward to be caught by your best friend and sister...

Jules was stunned and was trying not to laugh... “hey girll, come let me get a look at you” Jules exclaimed trying to bail Cassie out a little bit...

Shauna came over into view of the camera and waived to the girls and noticed Bri also wet through her Jeans and half Naked...”Bri, what the fuck, you too, cover that shit up” Bri just got more cheeky and pulled her jeans off on camera exposing her see through soaked white panties... and stuck her boobs further into the computer. Camera... “how’s that better” She teased Shauna...

”You’re a fucking weirdo Bri...what the hell, I still love you though....”

”Shauna...” Jules exclaimed....”step up to the camera, it’s your turn... you walked in on us...you need to contribute to the chat....I want to see those little shorts you are wearing come down and see your panties underneath...

”Ummm, yeah... I’m not doing that in front of my sister”

”well, I’m already naked in front of you...if you are going to be on the cheer team next year, Jules is the boss...”

”Isn’t this considered hazing or something....” Shauna pulled her little tight white shorts down and exposed her hot little ass to the group... then turned around and showed them her cute little package in her white panties... all of the sudden, Cass came behind her and whipped Shauna’s panties down exposing her perfectly shaved pussy... She quickly pulled them up embarrassed by being pantsed on camera...

Ok girls... I’m out of here...I was just coming to get some help on something from Cass, but stepped into something I didn’t want to see...

“Ok, want to see you pee sometime tooooo...we love you....” Jules exclaimed...

”yeah...you won’t see me pee unless you pin me down and force me to...that’s not my thing...”

”challenge excepted....we will see you pee sometime soon...byyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeee”

The girls all figured that it was time to end the chat and get cleaned up before their parents got home....

