Tied together on the first date

Author: space_cat

*000*2025-07-25 21:55

Liam and Cathy were sitting on the couch in Liam's living room. It was one of those first dates where the walls had not yet been broken down, but they both found each other likable. This connection might have been why they decided to go back to his apartment after initially only meeting at a park nearby for a walk. From afar, you might not have been able to tell they were on a date at all. Liam sat as far away as possible on the other end of the sofa to avoid invading Cathy's personal space.

He ran his fingers through his curly brown hair nervously before resting his hand on his jeans, the other placed next to him on the couch. While listening to Cathy talk, you could see the anticipation in his green eyes as his pupils dilated slightly. She was answering his question about what she sought in a relationship. Cathy burned with passion for life and all its facets. The way she smiled, softly articulating with her hands to underscore her points, was truly mesmerizing. She stopped for a moment and reconsidered the thought forming in her mind. You could see her hands clasping each other, her long nails almost clawing into her soft skin.

Liam noticed the obvious pause in her thought process as his eyes followed her hands to her blue jeans, where she let them rest. He looked up, tracing the white sweater she wore, to her shoulder-length blonde hair and her slightly awkward facial expression. "What were you going to say?" he asked innocently. Cathy's heartbeat quickened. "Well, I could go on about this, but..." she thought, Screw it, and plunged ahead, "...one essential part is definitely that it works out in the bedroom, ha," she said, followed by a nervous giggle. Liam returned the gesture and let out a laugh. "Yeah, definitely. I mean, it's good to clear that up from the start, I guess," he said, looking away slightly.

Cathy gathered her courage and replied, "Well, let's put the cards on the table then. What do you like?" Liam looked at her mischievous smile and then away again. He thought for a moment. Should he tell her? She seemed very open, very cool, nonjudgmental. But so soon? He rarely spoke about his kink. Meanwhile, Cathy was fully committed—she had no intention to back out now. Her entire adult life, she’d been fascinated by pee-related kinks. However, her previous partners never shared her interest. To be fair, she hadn’t explicitly raised it, but she had tested the waters occasionally, steering the conversation toward that topic, mentioning needing to pee but not going yet, and so on. Still, nothing resonated, and she left it alone most of the time.

This time however, something felt different. She couldn’t pinpoint why, but she liked Liam. He seemed calm, relaxed, and like someone she could talk to about anything. Liam, meanwhile, decided not to change the topic against his better judgment, but instead offered a tentative hint, saying, "Well, actually, I rarely talk about this. I mean, I am usually..." He paused. "... I feel like I like a lot of things," he said, trying to give the most general answer possible while throwing the ball back to Cathy, hoping she was braver than he was. She looked into his eyes as she felt a thought lurked there. "This is so stupid, but I have something that’s always intrigued me," she said, looking down at her hands again.

Liam jumped in: "Go for it if you want. I always like to hear new perspectives." Little did he know, this perspective was all too familiar—he’d discovered his own interest in peeing kinks long ago. Cathy tried her best to ease the next sentence in smoothly, without diving in too recklessly: "Well, you know squirting, right?" "Yes," said Liam. "And you know how some people say squirting is just pee?" She paused, her face flushing as she realized what she’d just said. Liam's mouth formed a slight smile as he caught her meaning, and he replied, "So, pee? I mean, I think there’s something intriguing about it." Cathy's eyes widened, her pupils dilating as she looked at him in disbelief: "You’re joking, right?" "No way, I mean, I'd certainly be up for that," Liam said with a mischievous smile.

Cathy's mind was blank with disbelief. She tried to think of something to say, then asked, "Have you ever explored that in past relationships?" Liam unconsciously shifted to face Cathy, which brought them only an arm’s reach from each other on the couch. "No, not really. I mean, I’m pretty pee-shy, coincidentally," he said, laughing. "Well, that's too bad," Cathy said, giggling, "I would’ve loved to see it." There were a few seconds of silence as Liam looked at the floor and then back up: "I mean, I'd need to be really desperate to manage to let out anything in front of you," he said jokingly.

"Oh, do you? How much have you had to drink?" Cathy responded, stunned at what she had just said. Liam turned red, and Cathy could see he was reconsidering the conversation. "Listen..." she said, "I didn't mean to be so upfront. It was just a thought, but it's good that we have something in common, isn't it?" Liam replied, "Don't be! I like the idea, to be honest. But I might chicken out at the last possible moment. I mean, we've only known each other for a few hours, unless..."

"Unless what?" Cathy blurted. "I guess I might need to be handcuffed to you or something," he laughed nervously and added, "That way, I'd have no choice but to take you with me to pee." Cathy's face lit up as she heard him say that. She felt her body tingling, her hands sweaty, and she nervously pressed her lips together, thinking for a second. Liam looked slightly away, worried he’d overstepped. "Too bad I didn't bring my handcuffs," Cathy said, summoning her courage. They both laughed nervously for a second, and then Liam looked at her seriously and said, "I mean, if you really wanna do it, I have some rope here. But I mean, that's really..."

Cathy interrupted: "Yes," she blurted. Liam waited for a second and added, "That's really exciting. Never thought my day would go this way, ha." They both laughed and Liam got up from the couch to fetch a piece of rope from the kitchen cabinet. Meanwhile, Cathy was thinking. It suddenly struck her that she’d needed to pee for a while, and just then, a sharp twinge in her bladder reminded her that now might be the time. Maybe she shouldn’t have agreed. Now she would have to wait until Liam needed to pee and they untied the rope.

She wasn’t comfortable peeing in front of him yet—watching him pee was not an issue. But she did not want to expose herself to him. Too late. Liam came back and paused, thinking about the implications himself. He knew he didn’t need to pee now, but what if he did later and couldn't because of Cathy watching? He leaned toward Cathy and asked, "Are you sure about this?" She replied with a smirking grin and a quick "Yes," knowing she had a pretty strong bladder anyway. So he set his doubts aside and tied one end of the rope to her right arm and the other to his left arm.

So there they sat on the sofa for the next 30 minutes. Their forearms were tied together by the rope, leaving only a few centimeters of space in between them. Still, they sat as far apart as possible. Being too close to the other person still felt uncomfortable, as they’d only known each other for about six hours. Cathy felt her bladder ache but tried to ignore it, while Liam was drinking a glass of water to increase his urge to pee. He was really excited. "Wanna talk about something while we wait?" he said nervously, trying to break the silence.

"Sure, what do you have in mind?" Cathy replied, trying to distract herself from her urge to pee. It was now at 6 out of 10, while Liam was at a comfortable 4 out of 10. "When did you discover... you know, that you liked watching?" Cathy instinctively moved her right hand toward her lap to ease her urge but stopped, realizing it would also pull Liam’s arm closer to her thighs. "I think it started when I was a teen," she said. "You know, girls sometimes go to the bathroom together, and I don't know, I thought it was really intimate and cool to see someone else pee, you know?" She crossed her legs. "Yeah, that makes sense," Liam responded, as he began sharing how he’d discovered his kink. Cathy tried to listen while also sneakily checking if he needed to pee yet, growing worried about her own situation.

They talked for another 15 minutes while Liam drank another two glasses of water, slowly feeling a slight urge to pee. Cathy, meanwhile, began rocking her feet up and down discreetly, clenching her legs together and doing everything in her power to hide that she was now at 8 out of 10, bursting to pee. She thought about how stupid this whole idea was and whether she should admit she desperately needed relief. Maybe Liam would understand. Then they could cut the rope, and she could slip to the toilet. Oh God, just the thought made her lose focus for a second and a small spurt nearly escaped. She clenched her thighs. "This is stupid," she thought, "I'll just ask him now."

Just as she opened her mouth, Liam said, "You know, I think maybe I have to pee now. Should we... you know?" Cathy’s heart sank—I’m dying, she thought—but she replied quickly, "Yes, let's go." They both got up, and Cathy almost stumbled from the weight of her bladder. All that pee suddenly pressed against her pee hole, and she instinctively clenched her legs together. "Everything okay?" Liam asked. "Yeah, sure," she replied, "let's just go." They shuffled a few steps to the bathroom. 

As Liam opened the door, his heartbeat raced, and his palms started to sweat. He only now realized Cathy would be with him. He got cold feet and said, "You know, maybe you could stand outside the door and wait until I’m on the toilet." He felt uncomfortable with the thought of her watching while he undressed. Cathy agreed, and as he went in, she stretched her arm out as far as possible to give him enough room to enter the tiny bathroom, which held only a toilet. Meanwhile, Cathy turned her body away so she wouldn’t be able watch, as they had to keep the door open because of the rope.

Cathy's blood was boiling. She was now certain she’d pee within the next 15 minutes not matter what. There was no way around it. Her only hope was that Liam would hurry up. While he pulled his pants and underwear down, she stood outside, pressing her left hand against her crotch, trying to clench even harder. Liam sat down on the toilet and tried to concentrate on peeing. He knew he had to, but it was hard with Cathy—or rather, her arm—just centimeters away. "How's it going in there?" Cathy said, sounding uneasy, perhaps stressed. He found it odd. "I’m trying, but if you want, you can come look," he said. Cathy removed her left hand from her crotch, turned around, and slightly pushed her body into the small space. She saw Liam sitting on the toilet, his legs closed to conceal his private parts, trying to concentrate. It was torture for her. Seeing the toilet, her muscles nearly gave out, and a small spurt escaped as she squeaked, shoving both hands into her crotch.

Liam's hand was, of course, dragged along, now hovering near her legs. "Wait, do you have to pee?" he asked from the toilet. "Yes, kind of," Cathy replied, her face reddening deeply. "Oh, well, do you... I mean, I can get up if you just turn around for a moment," Liam said. Everything in Cathy's body screamed yes, but instead, she blurted, "No, just do it, I'll wait." And Liam resumed concentrating on peeing. He closed his eyes, and a small dribble came out. Cathy, hearing this, was caught off guard. Her bladder was full to the brim, her panties wet from the spurt, and her arms clenched in her lap as her belly contracted. She squeaked.

At the same time, Liam's dribbles turned into a steady stream, hitting the water in the toilet bowl. Cathy's bladder contracted further, forcing out a stream of pee that soaked her panties, jeans, and hands pressed into her crotch. "SHIT, SHIT, SHIT. NO," she screamed as Liam looked at her pants. "Oh no, wait," he stuttered and jumped up from the toilet, pee still running from his penis onto the floor. Cathy saw this and gasped, pee running through her hands and down her legs.

She stared at Liam peeing on the floor as he grabbed his penis with one hand and managed to stop the stream for a second. Meanwhile, Cathy's bladder was still emptying a stream of pee. She made a few small steps, trying to position her pussy dead center over the toilet, but it was no use - she could not possibly unbutton her jeans and take off her panties with only one hand. So she stood, her bladder emptying, hovering over the toilet, fully dressed. Cathy felt a mix of intense relief and shame.

She hoped Liam wasn’t watching, and he was indeed looking away. "Sorry, I’m having a hard time stopping it if I let go," he said, trying to aim between Cathy's spread legs so the rest of his pee made it into the toilet. Cathy sighed with relief as she felt her stream weaken and collapsed onto the toilet, while Liam discreetly tucked away his penis with one hand. They sat in silence for a moment, then Liam looked at the large puddle on the floor and said, "Wow. You must have been really desperate."

The relief flooding Cathy's body made her smile before she replied, "Yes, I’m really sorry. I'll help you clean up. This was not supposed to happen." Her legs and crotch were wet, pee still dripping from her jeans, and her bladder ached faintly. "Don't bother," Liam said, "This was definitely one of the most interesting dates I’ve had." They both laughed.

