College Desperation

Author: StarCommand

*006*2022-06-10 18:13

Chapter 2: desperate morning:

As Arabella rolled over in bed, she winced and asked herself internally, "why do I have to pee so freaking bad most mornings"? She knew the answer was that she stayed well hydrated, and usually tried to drink 1 or 2 cups of water before bed, but she still couldn't help but complain about the side effects of hydration. Arabella shoved one of the many pillows on her bed between her legs, and pushed her crotch into it, rubbing it back and forth to keep her pee out of her blue cotton panties and purple leggings. Her top was covered with a white T-shirt and no bra, letting her nipples poke slightly through.

She waited for a small wave of desperation to pass, and then grabbed her phone to check the time, which was 9:10 AM. She didn't have class today until 10:30, so there was plenty of time to spare. What didn't have plenty of time to spare was her bladder, which was very full. She knew she could contain it relatively well though until she stood up out of bed, which would then cause her desperation to spike. It was a vicious cycle, but one she knew well as it happened many mornings, both at her home and also now that she had been in college for over a week. She decided to stay in bed for a while, because she knew she could hold it, and had full intention of enjoying the comforts of her warm bed for a while yet.

Arabella looked at her roommates bed, which contained her sleeping roommate, covers thrown all over the place. Liliana was wearing gray sweatpants and a gray, loose fitting shirt. It was so loose fitting in fact, that her breast was hanging out of it, and Arabella was looking right at Liliana's left boob. Arabella didn't mind though, as the boob looked quite nice to her. Arabella was bisexual, although she hasn't revealed this to anyone at all, and wasn't even 100% sure of it herself. She could feel her crotch tingling while staring at her boob, but she wasn't sure if it was due to the sight or due to her need to pee badly. She flipped back and forth between scrolling through social media and looking at Liliana's boob, all the while keeping pressure on her crotch with the pillow, grinding it slightly.

She kept this pattern up for about 10 minutes, when she had to make a decision. Her need to pee was getting worse, so she knew from experience that she would either need to do more drastic things to keep holding it, or get up and go pee. She opted for more drastic things, as she wanted to stay in bed longer, and she had a habit of holding her bladder for long periods of time. Some of her friends from highschool called this a bad habit, but it was what she knew, and she never could get out of the practice. More drastic meant that she needed more support than from a pillow, so she found it in the form of her right hand. She stuck her fingers directly onto her peehole and pushed tightly, even though she was fighting through her leggings and panties fabric. She scrolled through her phone with her left hand and thumb, while her right hand stayed occupied. For the most part she stayed pressing tightly onto her crotch, but she sometimes would rub slightly to ease the pressure.

It was now 9:33, and Arabella was getting very desperate. Normally she wouldn't even let it get this bad, but there was one thing keeping her in bed, and that was staring at Liliana's boob. She could hardly stop looking, and was worried if she left the room and came back it would no longer be exposed. Arabella didn't have much of an option to leave though, as she has lost a big spurt about a minute back, and her purple leggings had a wet spot about the size of a golfball, while her fingers were just slightly wet on the tips from the spurt. She didn't want to get up, but knew she had to or another spurt would be imminent.

She knew the bathroom was outside the room, as each floor had a bathroom that the floor residents used. Unfortunately for Arabella the bathroom entrance was on the other side of the floor, which meant once she exited her room she would have to go all the way around the large floor to reach the bathroom entrance, and pass by a lot of rooms and therefore potential people to see her. She still had her hand pressing tightly onto her crotch, and she kept it there as she swiftly went from laying down to standing fully.

The sudden change made her a bit dizzy, but she had very little time to spare, and quickly headed for the room door, crotch in hand all the way. As she predicted, standing had made it way worse, and she knew pee would be exiting her within the next minute whether into a toilet or her leggings. As soon as she opened the door, she was glad nobody was in the immediate area, as she shoved her left hand in her crotch to join the right. She started taking small fast steps around the hall, crotch held tight with the right hand now rubbing pretty furiously. As she rounded the first corner of two, she was very lucky to see nobody in the hallway, although one door to one room was open. She shot down the hall, not bothering to even look in the room, as her pee was on the very edge and threatening to spurt again.

Arabella then rounded the second corner, and she saw three girls in the hallway. Two of them were standing at the end chatting, not paying her any attention at all. The third girl, however, was standing outside the bathroom with her legs crossed super tightly. This girl was wearing black leggings and a black T-shirt. Arabella had seen this girl in the hall before, but didn't know her name. Arabella walked up to her, although not in a calm manner. She managed to remove her left hand from her crotch and she quit rubbing, momentarily at least, with her right hand, but her right hand still remained pressed very firmly onto her pussy. The girl saw Arabella walk up, hand in crotch and she said to her, "we're out of luck I'm afraid. I heard someone snuck laxatives into something at the big party last night.

Now all the stalls are full and there's a few people about to shit themselves inside. At least all I need to do is pee, and from the look of it you REALLY need to pee also". Arabella had started rubbing again, and she even had started to jump around some while listening to the girls explanation. Arabella responded "Are you for real? I'm actually going to piss my fucking pants in like 0 seconds" Arabella didn't normally cuss too much, but this was an exception, especially when she felt the dam break and a small stream started trickling down her leg, despite her rubbing and pressing. The other girl could tell Arabella was absolutely in trouble, so she said Arabella could cut in front of her, despite herself being very desperate and crossing her legs tightly to keep it contained.

Arabella didn't have any time to wait though, so she did the only thing she could think of and ran to her room, although she quickly thanked the girl for her offer before leaving. As she ran back to the room she kept losing more pee, and by the time she opened her door and ran inside, there was a streak of pee down her left leg to her lower thigh and her right leg to her knee, and she was still peeing, unable to stop it. She was terrified to have actually lost control and not be able to stop it, but it just kept coming. She didn't want to get pee on the carpet, so she ran to the one place she knew wasn't the carpet, and that was her bed. As she shot onto her bed the pee kept pouring out of her, and she welcomed the relief despite being absolutely embarrassed.

As she continued her accident, she looked up and saw Liliana waking up, likely from all the noise she had made. She noticed Lilianas boob was still exposed, but she was more worried about hiding her accident. So she quickly pulled her covers over her and got on her phone, trying to act nonchalant as pee still left her bladder and soaked her clothes and sheets. Liliana opened her eyes and asked Arabella very sleepily and confusedly, "were you just running...?"

"Nah girl, i think you must have been dreaming or something" Arabella said with a small but convincing smile. Liliana continued waking up, and when she noticed her boob slipped out, she didn't even bother to fix it right away, instead continuing to stretch and wake up with it out. She did put it back in her shirt though as she stood up slowly and said "oof gotta pee. I'll be right back". When Liliana said this she squished her thighs together, but this was all that was required at the moment to hold her bladder. As soon as Liliana left the room, Arabella shot into action, as she was at this point finished wetting herself. She luckily avoided her pillows and big blanket, but her sheets and small blankets would need changed and washed. First though came her outfit, and she tore off her leggings and panties, which were sticky on her sweetly toned legs.

She quickly stuck them in her laundry basket, before putting on pink cotton panties and some tight blue jeans. She took off her white t shirt and put on a pink bra and pink Tshirt, and just as she pulled the shirt over her head, Liliana came back into the room, looking frustrated. She closed the door loudly and talked to Arabella, saying "the bathroom is full. I guess I'll hold it until I leave the dorm" as she said this she had her legs crossed tight and was bouncing around. "I better get ready quickly though, I don't want to have a second accident in a weeks time" Liliana blushed as she said this, but she started getting undressed, right in front of Arabella! The two roommates had seen each other naked when changing before, although they usually averted their eyes and looked away. Arabella was brushing her hair trying to act nonchalant, but she was closely watching this morning, and had no intention of averting her eyes, as she figured Liliana would not notice in her desperate state.

First Liliana took off her shirt, and as she bounced around the room and kept moving her legs rapidly, she put on a black bra and a black hoodie. Arabella looked at her breasts when she got the chance, and was a bit sad when the bra and hoodie covered them up. She really was surprised at these thoughts in her, but this morning had been full of surprises so far. Liliana then took off her sweatpants, revealing that no panties or underwear were underneath. As she was naked from the waist down, a hand shot to her crotch, but it wasn't to be modest, it was to keep her pee contained. Liliana looked at Arabella and caught her staring, but she just said "sorry I'm being so extra but I've GOT to go bad" Arabella said "it's no problem at all do whatever you need to do.

I literally hold my pee too long all the time. I just hope you get to go soon!" Liliana slipped on a black pair of tight panties, and then immediately returned her hand to her crotch before finding and putting on her own pair of jeans, although these jeans were gray. Liliana grabbed her stuff in-between grabbing her crotch, and quickly said "Bye have a good day see you later" before rushing out the door. Arabella was then alone, and surprisingly horny. She did change her sheets, but not before they had some extra juices added onto them from rubbing one out to the thought of her roommate naked... and desperate to pee. She wasn't sure why, but it was kind of cute, and kind of hot, that Liliana had needed to go so badly...

I hope you all enjoyed! Please leave any feedback you have and any suggestions for future ideas!
