College Desperation

Author: StarCommand

*007*2022-06-12 20:58

Chapter three: Ella's drive

Ella fired up her truck and put her home address into google maps, a nearly 12 hour trip from the northern university to her southern ranch home. She had only been in college for 3 weeks, but the cancellation of one of her classes and an extra day off campus wide meant she had the next four days completely free. She planned to drive a day there, be at home for two days, and then drive back the fourth day. It was a windy morning, but rather warm for the time of day, which was 5:45 am. She was used to getting up early on the ranch, so the earliness didn't bother her much. As she rolled out of the parking lot, life was good. She had a full tank of gas, plenty of daytime to drive, a big full cup of delicious coffee, and she was happy with how she looked this morning. She knew that she looked rather good in her knee high black boots and yellow sundress that had white stripes horizontally through it's entirety.

The dress went down to below her knee by a little bit, so between it and her boots none of her leg was showing. The dress did cover her breasts completely where no cleavage was showing, but the large size of them still stood out, and looked very good. The dress had straps that covered her bra straps also, but some of her shoulder, chest, and back still exposed her well tanned skin. Underneath the dress she had on long black socks that were also knee-high, a white bra, and white tight panties made of a synthetic material that made them slightly see through. She also had a 12 pack of water and some Rye chips for drink and snacks in her passenger seat. She put on a good country playlist, and she was off driving, loving life.

At 7:30 Ella had finished her big coffee and a third of a bottle of water, and she desired some breakfast and especially more coffee. She searched along the route and found a combination gas station and McDonald's 15 minutes away. She drove there and filled the truck with gas, then pulled to a parking spot and walked inside the McDonald's, her boots click-clacking on the floor. She definitely turned a few heads of both women and men both as she walked up to the counter and studied the menu. She decided on the breakfast burrito meal with a large coffee to drink. As they were making her order she walked over to the bathroom inside the McDonald's, and as she approached the door noticed a sign that "said out of order- sorry!". Normally this might be an issue, but luckily for Ella she had a pretty strong bladder.

A combination of working long days outdoors and naturally having a strong bladder meant she was no stranger to holding her pee in. That wasn't to say that she had never peed outside, as she has plenty of times. But more often than not she did hold out for an actual toilet. Also luckily for Ella, was that the gas station also had it's own bathroom, so she could go in there if she wanted. And she wanted, as while she wasn't desperate by any means, she knew she would get there if she didn't go AND drink more coffee and water.

She waited for her order, gave the cute guy that handed it to her a wink, took it to her truck, and then headed inside the gas station to use their bathroom. The women's was occupied, but there was no line, so she simply waited, not doing anything in particular to keep her need contained. After peeing, Ella went back to her truck, got her food ready to eat on the road, and started it up and headed back out, her Google maps saying she was just over 10 hours away. As she drove she listened to more music, and ate the burritos with her coffee providing relief from the thirst they caused.

It was now around 10:30 am, with Google maps telling her 7 hours and 42 minutes remained on the trip. Ella had eaten her food and drunk the McDonald's coffee, as well as finished her first bottle of water and was halfway through her second bottle. She was very happily driving along and had around half a tank of gas. She saw an exit coming up with a gas station, and decided to stop and get gas as well as pee again, as she had to go, although not desperate at all her bladder was starting to feel a bit full. As she pulled into the station though it looked super sketchy, and decided maybe she had better just get gas and not go inside to pee. She could handle herself well and was a strong girl, but it just didn't seem like the type of place you go Into alone, and especially not looking as pretty as she did. She hopped out of her truck and paid with her debit card at the pump.

Hopping out and standing however shifted her bladder, and she kept her legs tight together while she pumped the gas. She was strong willed though, and decided that she would wait until lunch to pee. She got back into her truck with no trouble from anyone, and on her way she went. Sitting again did help her bladder, but she still kept her legs close together. She drove for around an hour before deciding to start looking for a place to eat. Her bladder had calmed down until about the last 10 minutes, when she had felt her desperation increase and resorted to shifting around in her seat pretty frequently and bouncing her left leg, which wasn't in use with the pedals.

By this point she had finished her second bottle of water, although she didn't dare open a third. She passed a couple of exits before she saw one with a restaurant which she wanted... Which was a cracker barrel. They had delicious catfish, and she knew that was what she wanted. She took the exit, and as she did she had to brake pretty sharply to slow down, which caused her bladder to spasm slightly and made her shoot a hand to her crotch.

She didn't apply much pressure and certainly didn't need to rub, but she balled her fist and pushed down for just about two seconds through the dress. This was enough help to get her need back under control. Ella wasn't too worried though, as not even a drop had escaped into her tight panties. She drove the rest of the way to the cracker Barrel continuing to squirm and bounce some in her seat. Her squirming and bouncing and tensing her butt caused a good wedgie to form with her tight panties, but that was ok with her because if anything it helped her hold on. The cracker barrel was fairly busy, but she found a parking spot about halfway up.

As she pulled in the time was 11:35, and Google maps said she had 6 hours 33 minutes left to drive. As she got out of the truck she gave her crotch a quick squeeze through the dress, then walked to the restaurant with her legs pressed very tightly together. She definitely had to pee, but as she got in she was quickly greeted by a hostess who seemed eager to seat her, so instead of going straight to the bathroom, she followed the hostess to the table with short tight steps. As she sat down she thanked the hostess and crossed her legs while swinging her feet.

Ella thought about getting up and peeing, because at this point it was very serious, but she decided she would wait until her order had been taken, not wanting to leave before her server knew she was there. About five minutes passed, and just as she was getting ready to get up and pee, her server showed up. He introduced himself as James. He was young, probably right around Ella's age, and although not really her type Ella thought he was cute. Her legs crossing and swinging had caused her supple, muscular leg and the bottom of her thigh to show, which she noticed him looking at almost instantly. She uncrossed her legs but squished them together, hoping this would be enough to hold it a bit longer. Her thighs were no longer exposed in this position, although some of her leg still showed between her boot and dress. He asked "Could I start you with something to drink?"

"Why you sure could. I'd love an unsweet tea if you have any made!" She said with a sweet looking smile. He said "we should have some made, that would be a good choice. I'll go and get that for you". As he started to turn, Ella said "James, if it isn't too much trouble I think I am ready to order also. As she said this she started to bounce in her seat, as a wave of desperation had hit her just then. She shot a hand near her crotch while she bounced, but didn't grab or touch herself. James noticed this, and Ella, not pee shy at all said "oh don't mind my movements, I've been driving and I've just really, REALLY got to pee badly. I hope you don't mind." James blushed and started shifting around, although he remained professional and said "of course I don't mind ma'am, the bathroom is right back behind me over there. I can come back and get your order in a few minutes if you'd like"

"oh don't be silly, silly! I've held it this long I can wait a little longer. I would love the catfish meal if that works for you" she said with a big smile, still bouncing away in her seat. "That definitely works for me" he said with a small smile, " and what two sides would you like?".

"Oh shoot, I forgot that it comes with sides! Let's see here..." As she looked over the sides, she quit bouncing, but her desperation quickly prevailed, so she resorted to a way of holding it which she knew well, which was to scissor her legs in and out rapidly. She wasn't sure why, but whenever she had to go and wasn't driving, she liked to scissor her legs rapidly to contain her pee, as had worked well for her multiple times in the past.

As she started spreading her legs and closing them tight, only to spread them again right after then closing again in the cycle of scissoring, the dress she was wearing rode up and showed off a LOT of her thigh after a few seconds, although her panties were still concealed and hidden from James. She said "I'll take the broccoli and the uhhh... The peas" she started to laugh and looked up at James, "get it? Peas? Because like, I have to pee? Hehe I think it's funny". She noticed James was trying to remain sly, but it was obvious he was really looking right at her toned legs and thick muscular thighs.

He was blushing still, and Ella was not sure if it was at her joke, which some could find crude, or at the sight of her. He started to laugh though, and said "that is funny, I agree. And like I said, the bathroom is just over there behind me, unless you want to hold it longer for some reason, haha" he looked nervous as he said this, and he shifted his feet again. Ella was intrigued at this, and wondered why she would want to hold it any longer, or at least why he would say that. So she asked him, while still scissoring her legs, "and why would I want to hold it longer?" She asked, not in a bad or accusatory way, but in a curious, tone.

This really got him flustered, and as he started blushing a lot, he slowly said "well... I guess to strengthen your bladder?? Haha I don't even know... Anyways I will be right back with your tea." He was still nonchalantly, but obviously staring at her legs and thighs, and he and Ella both knew her panties had to be close to being on display. Ella knew they weren't though, and she didn't mind a cute guy liking how she looked. She gave a big smile and said flirtingly, "that would be awesome. Make sure it's unsweet! I'm already sweet enough as it is", with a wink. Ella thought poor James was about to pass out as he turned and went to get her drink! But as he left, it was seriously time to go pee before it got worse. She stopped scissoring her legs and stood up, which caused her bladder to shift and she quickly crossed her legs super tightly while pulling her dress down.

She quickly walked over to where the restrooms were, keeping her legs super tight, and was thankful she saw no line outside the door. As she got inside she did find a line though, and was rather annoyed because damn it, she seriously had to pee! There were three stalls inside the restroom, with all three taken and five people waiting outside of them. Four of the women were seniors in front of her, so she couldn't ask to skip in front of them, she would find it disrespectful. The fifth woman was probably in her mid 20's, so just a little older than Ella herself, but this woman was at the front and had her legs crossed tightly under her tight black leggings.

Ella joined the back of the que, but she quickly realized that she needed to do more than stand there with her legs crossed. She started stepping back and forth in a small circle quickly, and this worked for a while, until she was third in line with two people in front of her and one more senior behind her now. She had a big wave of desperation wash over her, and she shoved her left hand right Into her crotch through her dress. Her fingers pressed through the dress fabric and pushed against her peehole through the dress and panties. It was embarrassing, but much better than wetting her panties, which were still completely dry. No one noticed except the woman behind her, so Ella said "sorry ma'am, I'm just absolutely dying to go"

"don't worry young lady, you aren't bothering me."

There was now one woman in front of Ella, and her fingers were still pressing onto her peehole. She stood still at this point, willing people to hurry up, which seemed to work as a stall opened and now she was at the front of the line. After about a minute, she heard a stall about to open up, so she got ready to run into it, thankful for her outfit and that she wasn't wearing a complicated belt or anything. As soon as the door opened, despite pressing her peehole, a drop, then a spurt shot out, wetting her tight panties. She ran in the stall, threw her dress up and pulled her panties down as she plopped onto the seat.

Her piss erupted out of her, ferociously hitting the water with a loud sound. As she sighed in massive relief, she almost was getting horny from how good the pee felt leaving her. She was just so glad she made it without wetting herself. She studied her panties which had a huge wet spot, but knew they would dry quickly. Her dress had a small spot in it where her hand had been pressing it onto her crotch, but it was luckily mostly in the yellow instead of the white, and she knew it would dry fast also. She peed for quite a while, before finishing up and hurrying out of the stall, trying to be courteous to those still waiting. As she headed back out to the table she found her tea, unsweet, just like she wanted it. She messed around on her phone for a few minutes, sucking down her tea to nearly empty by the time James showed back up with her catfish. "That looks really good! Thank you!"

"You're welcome" he said! "Looks like you like the tea also. Do you want another glass?"

"Oh yes please, I'd love some."

"Cool, I'll be right back with it". As she dug into her meal he quickly brought another glass and asked, very nervously "it looks like you feel better now. Did you find the restroom OK?" Ella was sitting with her legs crossed, but she pulled up her dress just a little bit as she spoke, so much of her thigh was exposed as she saw him looking again, and she said happily "man that restroom was a miracle. I was seriously so desperate to go. There was a long line though, which sucked. But I feel much better now!"

"Well I'm glad to hear that, and let me know if I can help you with anything else" he said with a smile. Ella finished her meal and her tea again, and decided against a third glass because of the driving she had left to do. James came up and asked if she was ready for the check, which she said yes, and also said "and please do come back in just a minute. I want to make sure to give you a good tip" she said with her southern accent and smile. "Alright.. I will be back soon then!" He said nervously but slightly excitedly. She sat back down at the table and looked around, as she had devised a risky but naughty plan. She made sure nobody was paying her any attention, before reaching under her dress and sliding her panties off.

She quickly checked to make sure they were dry from her spurt, and they were still slightly damp, but she figured they were dry enough to make an excellent tip for James, who she had fun with as her server. Ella always liked to flirt, and while she wasn't normally brave enough to do something like this, her relieving pee had honestly made her horny and naughty feeling. She had had a few "peegasms' before, but this was the best one she ever remembered having by far. Plus she had extra panties in the truck, which she always kept there, so losing this pair didn't hurt her. As she balled them into her hand she looked around to make sure that she wasn't spotted, which she didn't seem to be.

As James came back, she spoke to him one final time, and said "thanks for being an excellent server. I had a great meal. And hopefully I don't regret that second tea you brought to me! It was great to meet you" as she said this, she stuffed her hand containing her panties into his apron pocket, and left her panties inside it, for him to find whenever he looked. She gave him a wink and blew him a small sexy kiss before walking away, bottom only covered by her dress now. She went and paid her check at the front counter, and then went into the bathroom again before she left, as she had to pee again. Her need wasn't bad, but it was definitely felt by her worked muscles. This time, of course, there was no line. At that point she was back out to her truck, ready to hit the road again. It was 12:20 with 6 and a half hours of driving to do.

Ella put more music on, slipped on the pair of blue and purple cotton panties, and was once again off, enjoying her day. She drove for three more hours before stopping for gas again. At this point she had drank a half a bottle of water, and that on top of her earlier incident and the teas meant she was in a major need to go. She had been in need for the last two hours honestly, and had gone from keeping her legs tight together, to bouncing and squirming in her seat, to basically giving her seat a lap-dance for the last 15 minutes or so. She hadn't held herself any, because she wanted to prove to herself she didn't need support from her hand. If her seat had been a person though, they would have received quite a good lap-dance.

As she was on the exit, she had to stop and wait at a red light, and she was moving the truck with how much she was bouncing around. She scooted forwards in the seat, backwards, sideways, up the seat, pushing down her crotch onto the seat, moving her legs in and out rapidly, and really tensing her pussy muscles. She was cursing out loud for the light to turn green. Just as the light turned green, a drop leaked out and wet her panties, and to react she reached up under her dress with her left hand and held herself directly through them. Using her hand was a lot better than more drops escaping. The gas station was half a mile down the road, and she floored her big engine all the way there, hand cupping her pussy.

It never left her crotch as she pulled into a parking spot and shut the truck off. She figured she could pull into a pump after avoiding a big accident. She got out of her truck and ran to the front door of the station, although she has removed her hand from under her dress and was now pressing herself through her dress. As she ran inside and looked around, she couldn't find a sign for the restroom, so she ran up to the clerk, a middle aged woman. No longer holding herself but stepping rapidly in place, she breathlessly asked "do you guys have a restroom I can use??!!!!!". The woman had a look of sympathy in her eye for Ella, and said "yes, but you need a key, and you have to buy something first. It's company policy, not mine".

Ella reached to the closest thing to her, some random candy bar, but then realized all her money was in her truck. "Shit I left my money in the truck. Can I please please please use the restroom first??!!!! I'm gonna get gas after I swear!!" Ella was at this point still stepping in place but also had reached her right hand up under her dress and was starting to rub herself quickly through her panties in order to keep it contained.

The woman hesitated while Ella had no time for hesitation, and said "... OK. Here is the key, but please do buy gas after you're done". Ella grabbed the key with her left and turned around to go to the restroom before she realized she still didn't see one! She turned back and quickly asked "oh where is the bathroom??!", Absolutely embarrassed to be rubbing herself in front of this woman, but glad nobody else was inside the station, with only two other cars outside pumping gas. "just go outside, turn right, and it will be around the corner dear, it should be empty". Ella said thank you very quickly as she ran outside still cupping and rubbing away. The people at both pumps which were in use watched as this incredibly attractive young woman busted out the door and began right around the building, desperate pottydancing run on full display.

One of the pumps was in use by a older man who found the run quite attractive, likely because she was attractive with a hand under her dress. The second pump had a young teenage girl who had just gotten her drivers license, and was herself needing to pee, although not nearly as badly as Ella. As Ella rounded the corner, despite her hand she actually started to leak, and by the time she reached the bathroom door a stream was beginning snaking down her right leg. Luck was on her side though, as the key went into the lock on the second try, so it didn't take too long, and she shot inside to find a relatively clean bathroom for the area. She slammed the door shut not bothering to lock it, as her panties were at this point soaked with pee.

Her right leg had a stream down the inside that had started to go into her boot and was soaking into her sock. Her left leg was a bit damp with a small stream down the back of her thigh. And her right hand which was cupped and still rubbing was full of pee, with her fingers soaked. She pulled her dress up and immediately sat on the toilet, not even bothering to take her panties off, and letting the pee pour through them and soak them more. She had already leaked enough that it had to be considered a full blown accident, but she still peed for a long time, releasing the warm liquid into the toilets cool waters. The relief was still amazing, and she enjoyed every second of it.

After her accident, Ella was embarrassed, and was so glad she was traveling alone so nobody would have to know about it. She cleaned her legs up, and poured the little bit of pee out of her right boot into the toilet. Part of her sock was soaked, but she didn't worry too much about it, and knew it would dry. Her dress was untouched, but her panties were not. They were absolutely drenched. She took them off, although she liked the pair and wanted to save them and wash them. So she put them in her hand and threw them in the back seat floorboard as she reached the truck. The man which had witnessed her accident before was gone, which she was glad about. The young girl though was still there, standing outside of her car with jiggling, crossed legs under her jeans.

The girl must have been a local and knew the bathroom needed a key, as she approached Ella and shyly asked "excuse me miss, do you have the bathroom key?" Ella just smiled a small smile and handed her the key saying "Here you go. Don't wait too long like I seem to be doing today". The girl smiled and walked quickly and tensely towards the restroom. Ella was mad at herself, because if she had stopped for gas earlier she could have peed earlier and avoided this whole accident. But she was stubborn, and wanted to wait until she really both had to pee and really needed gas. She hopped in the driver seat, started the truck, and pulled it to the pump. As she pumped gas, she knew she would make it to the ranch with enough gas to spare, so she wouldn't have to stop again for gas, and her parents planned on having dinner ready for the family when she got there, so she wouldn't stop for food either.

She swore to herself though, that she would stop if she needed to pee at all. Especially since she was now out of panties, as she still had clothes at the ranch she planned to wear and bring some more to college with her. Since she would be going with no panties on for the rest of the day, she knew any leaks would get anywhere, and with her bladder worn out the way it was, she knew she had to stop if she needed to pee, unless it was just the tiniest of needs. She had three hours and 29 minutes left to drive, but felt good simply because her bladder wasn't weighing her down. As she pulled out of the station she cracked a water, knowing that she was gonna stop anytime she had to go. And she did stick to this plan... Mostly.

She stopped with 2 hours and 43 minutes left at a Walmart, both to pee because she felt the need and to pick up a few non perishable groceries her mom had texted her to get. She she stopped with an hour and 55 minutes left at a gas station, and despite not needing gas, she decided to top off there, as well as go inside and use their restroom. When she went inside she saw their coffee machine, which sounded good, so she couldn't help but get herself a large coffee as well after peeing there. She also stopped an hour and 12 minutes away, because she had slugged the coffee as well as finished that bottle of water and opened another one, and she had to pee once again. Ella had to wait in line at this gas station, and with two people in front of her, she resorted to once again walking in circles and jiggling around until she got her turn on the toilet.

She then got in her truck and started off for the remaining 72 minutes, and she chugged away at the water now that she was once again relieved. What she didn't really think about was that the ranch was in the middle of nowhere, and that there would be no more chances to stop between the time she needed to pee again and her ranch. And with 43 minutes left in the drive, she once again felt that familiar urge creeping up. It was easy to control though, until 28 minutes away. That was when she had to start keeping her thighs smudged together again. She could feel her pussy, naked under the dress, smooth against her thighs, as she generally kept it shaved. She was straining it pretty good, and with 22 minutes left she was jiggling and bouncing in her seat pretty hard again.

She really considered pulling over, but there was a car right behind her, and the road she was on was not a good one to pull over on. At 15 minutes Ella pulled her dress up to her waist, completely exposing herself and sitting bare bottom on the truck seat. She tried to change tactics and stopped jiggling around, instead sitting still while applying direct pressure to her peehole with her left hand. She also rubbed her naked pussy some, trying to stem the tide. This worked pretty well, until she was 8 minutes away, and she felt a big spurt hit her fingers and therefore her truck seat. Luckily nobody was around now, so she quickly pulled off of the rough road, figuring she could make use of the trucks four wheel drive if needed.

She stopped, and as another spurt started to leak out of her, she threw the door open and quickly jumped out and squatted down, peeing hard and fast onto the ground and experiencing a peegasm near the level she has had that morning, although not quite as good. As she got done peeing she saw a car coming from way in the distance, so she finished peeing, gave her pussy a few quick pats, and hopped back into the truck for the last couple minutes of driving. As she got home she was greeted by her family and was glad to be in her familiar loving home with all her comforts and all her beloved sheep around. She was also glad to have unlimited access to good clean bathrooms, which she used to pee five times more before falling asleep that night.....

Thanks so much for reading! I hope you all enjoyed this chapter! Please feel free to comment what you liked, what you would change, or any ideas for future chapters! I appreciate it.

*010*2022-06-13 17:50

{{14 hours ago, Ktpq said:

This was a really good chapter I can’t wait for chapter 4

}}

Thank you! Glad you enjoyed

{{4 hours ago, daisyduke said:

I love your story it is soooooo good, love how you describe their desperation and how far you take it.

}}

Thank you very much!!! I am really glad you liked it and that you enjoy my descriptions. I hope future chapters please you also!

*012*2022-08-12 03:04

Chapter 4: Test day

"I don't know what to say, I suppose you'll just have to squeeze your legs together or something, as you cannot leave this test room before your test is complete without forfeiting your score". These were the words Arabella had heard whispered to her by her professor during the first exam of the semester in her English class. Those words came 20 minutes ago, when she was around halfway through with the exam she was taking, yet fully distracted by a full bladder. Arabella had stayed well hydrated, as was normal, all throughout the day, and it was catching up to her in this last class of the day.

She was wearing a white t shirt, black bra, white thong panties, and black athletic shorts that covered her ass and a small part of her thighs, but that was about all they covered. Her footwear was red tennis shoes with white socks that went almost to her knee. She looked very good, and she knew it. What she also knew was that her professors advice of squeezing her legs together was barely working anymore, and Arabella had at least 25 minutes of test left to complete.

She had a fine grade in the class, but still couldn't afford to lost a whole test score, so she buckled down, squirming and squeezing her legs together even harder as she went. She was embarrassed, but nobody really seemed to notice too much except for the professor and a guy who was sitting closest to her. She knew he knew because he had heard her ask the professor to go. And because of all her movement in the seat. While she was embarrassed, especially because she thought this guy was cute, she was also slightly...

Excited in a weird way. Because she had to pee. And she knew that at least two other people knew it, if not more suspected it. She never had been excited by needing to pee before, always finding it a chore to go. But, since she had witnessed her roommate once wet herself and once be desperate to go, something inside her had been awoken, and she liked seeing her desperate, as well as knowing that someone knew she had to go... Or maybe she was just going crazy right now, as she was indeed also embarrassed, as well as worried about being able to finish before her bladder had had enough.

Fifteen minutes later, and Arabella had made quite good time, with only two multiple choice questions and a small short answer to write left before completion. Her desperation, while still somewhat manageable, was seriously worrying her, and she decided in order to finish she just had to use some direct pressure, otherwise her black shorts would quickly become shiny, at least with a leak. Arabella quit squirming, and replaced the action by sitting on the heel of her right red tennis shoe, and scooting back and forth on it. And this worked for the remainder of the test, but not without drawing the attention of quite a few surrounding students, and even some students behind her noticed, who she was unaware knew. It was very embarrassing, but less so than wetting yourself in college! Just as she finished writing her response, a small leak happened, and she shot her left hand to her crotch, and pressed for a few seconds to support her heel grinding.

The leak wasn't bad though, and had just barely wet her panties. She quickly stood up, opting not to go over her test, and instead marched it stiffly to the front of the room to put it on the professors desk. She managed to do this without any help from her hands, so didn't draw too much attention to herself doing that. Before she could leave the room though and search for desperately needed relief, she had to return to her desk and pack her stuff into her bag. She managed to walk back to her desk without too much trouble, but as she began packing her bag she kept getting more desperate, and began rapidly stepping in place to keep her bladder contained.

She got all her stuff in her bag, zipped it quickly, and basically ran out of the room, although she managed to avoid holding her crotch until she hit the hallway, at which point her left hand hit her crotch and grabbed furiously to prevent a second leak. Arabella was very desperate at this point, but she was incredibly glad she managed to hand her test in without too much embarrassment. She stopped in the hallway to consider her options now that she was free of the test, of which options she had three.

The first option was to go to the toilet a floor below her. She was on the second floor, and while the first floor had restrooms, the second did not. The second option was to skip this toilet as it was on the opposite side of the first floor, and head straight outside and to the library directly across the way from her that had restrooms right inside of it (she knew this because of her campus tour she had before classes started). This didn't really make as much sense as her first option, but it was a choice.

The third option was to try and make it back to her room, which she wanted to go to anyways, as her roommate Liliana and her wanted to and planned watch a movie after her test. It was a five minute walk to her building and two more minutes to get to the restroom on her floor, so about seven minutes. This option made the least sense of all... Unless she wanted more people to notice her desperate. The Thought got her excited, and she smiled thinking of everyone on campus watching her struggle to hold her pee. This was unlike any thoughts she had really had before, but she enjoyed having them.

But... Just as she was considering choosing option three, the guy who had been sitting nearest her and who knew she had to pee while taking the test, walked out of the test room! In his eyes, he saw a beautiful, hot woman in a cute outfit standing there, squeezing and grabbing her crotch, looking frazzled. In Arabella's eyes, she saw this as a very embarrassing thing, but also an even better chance to let someone know she had to pee than option three. It was like the embarrassment and danger of being desperate combined and got her excited! She was a smart woman, and a quick thinker, and she used this to her advantage.

"Excuse me", she said to the cute boy, "it's no secret at this point that I'm dying to pee". As she said "dying to pee" she added her right hand to her crotch as well, and started stepping in place slightly. "But I'm not sure where the nearest bathroom is, do you happen to know"? She said this with urgency, as she seriously was about to pee herself. As Arabella stood there potty dancing, the cute guy was blushing. Not because she had to pee (he wasn't into that, persay), but because she was very hot in his eyes, and he was excited to just be talking to her, even in such awkward circumstances as these. "ummm... Ye-yea I think there is one on the first floor.. I can take you there if you want?"

"That would be awesome, now let's please go! Like right now!!" She said excitedly, both hands still planted in her crotch. "You lead the way... Whoever you are. Haha what is your name?" Arabella asked as they began heading towards the stairs. "uhh.. Brian. And yours is?"

"Arabella", she giggled. "As they, reached the stairs and descended them, Arabella encouraged "hey can you walk a little faster? I'm actually peeing my pants here". She said it in a joking way, but truthfully it was no lie, as she was walking she lost a spurt and it wet her left hand fingers. "yea I'll hurry", and he did, beginning to jog down the stairs, and then to the bathrooms he knew were on the other side of the building. Arabella was using all her willpower, and all her muscle power, to keep more leaks from springing. As they rounded the corner to the restrooms, there was a very unnerving sight. The women's restroom was closed!!! Arabella literally gasped, and broke out into a full on, frantic pottydance.

"There's no way, I literally cannot hold it a minute longer. Brian please watch guard for me". All he could muster was a confused "ok?" As Arabella ran full sprint into the men's restroom that was still open, praying that there was nobody in there. And luckily for her, there wasn't. This was good, as she ran for the nearest stall, pulling her shorts and panties down before she even reached the stall. She began leaking, and before she hit the toilet in sweet relief, pee had ran down and in-between her thighs and wet her thong and shorts pretty well. But Arabella did not care. She was in pure ecstasy as her bladder relieved itself into the waters below.

After finishing peeing, Arabella pulled her panties and shorts back up. They were wet, and the pee made them sticky to her womanhood and thighs. But she was incredibly lucky her shorts were black, so it really didn't show through... Much at least. She quickly left the stall and opted not to wash her hands, Incase some guy would come in there. As she exited the room she felt exhilaration, and saw Brian standing there, watching guard as she had asked. He stood there blushing like a fool, unsure of what to say after all he had seen, so she simply said "Thank you so so much Brian... I appreciate your help more than you could ever know. But... Do you think we could maybe keep this between just us? Hehe".

"Yes I promise not to tell a soul... But uhh... Did you make it okay? Like... Ya know?" All Arabella did was giggle and smile, and she gave him a quick peck on the cheek as she said "See you in class, you better sit by me again!" After this she headed out of the building, and thought of her experience the whole way back to her room for her movie time with Liliana...

Thanks for reading! As usual, please leave any feedback you have, and if you have anything you want to see implemented into future chapters, leave a comment on that as well!
