Emily tries and fails (AI Story) (It's actually good)

Author: skye__

*000*2025-02-20 19:35

I recently tried Grok3 to see if it's any better at Omorashi than other AI models. It took no convincing, and I only did one revision to make it slightly more descriptive.

Not perfect, but it's getting pretty good...

Emily Parker jolted awake to the shrill scream of her alarm clock, her heart pounding as she fumbled to silence it. Squinting through bleary eyes, she saw the glowing red digits mocking her: 7:45 AM. She’d overslept by nearly an hour, and a wave of dread crashed over her. There was no time to waste—no chance for her usual morning ritual of stretching, brewing coffee, or even splashing water on her face. Her bladder gave a faint, sleepy nudge as she rolled out of bed, a subtle fullness lingering from the three glasses of water she’d chugged last night and the iced tea she’d sipped late while polishing a report.

“I’ll go at the office,” she mumbled to herself, brushing off the sensation as she yanked on a navy pencil skirt that clung to her hips, a crisp white blouse that she buttoned with shaky fingers, and a pair of sleek black heels that clicked against the hardwood floor. She snatched her purse, her keys jangling as she bolted out the door, the early twinge in her abdomen fading into the background of her frantic rush.

The subway station was a chaotic sea of bodies, a humid tangle of commuters that pressed in around her as she squeezed onto the train. She found herself wedged against a pole, one hand clutching her bag tightly to her chest, the other wrapped around the cool metal for balance. The faint nudge in her bladder had grown into a steady, warm weight during the dash to the platform, a sloshing sensation that seemed to ripple with every shudder and jolt of the carriage. She shifted her stance, crossing her left leg over her right, her thighs pressing together in a quiet, instinctive bid to hush the mounting urge.

The train lurched unexpectedly, throwing her off balance, and she tightened her grip on the pole, feeling a sharp ripple in her lower belly as her wee pressed insistently against her control. She tilted her head back, staring at the flickering advertisements overhead—something about car insurance, a smiling family she couldn’t focus on—trying to pull her mind away from the warm, heavy load building inside her. But it was no use. Her thoughts kept circling back to the pressure, the tingling fullness that made her squirm. A tiny quiver ran through her core, and she clenched harder, her cheeks flushing as she willed herself to stay still, praying no one noticed the subtle sway of her hips or the way her breath hitched.

The ride stretched on, interminable and torturous. Each stop brought a fresh wave of passengers, their chatter and rustling bags prolonging her wait, and by the time the train screeched to a halt at her station, her bladder felt like a taut, swollen balloon, bursting with wee that sloshed dangerously with every step she took. She stepped onto the platform, her heels clicking sharply against the tiles as she wove through the crowd, her legs pressed so tightly together she could feel the fabric of her skirt straining against her thighs. Her gait turned into a slight waddle, an awkward shuffle as she fought to keep her composure. The office was just a block away—she could make it, she told herself, biting her lower lip as a sudden, sharp wave of urgency pulsed through her, making her knees tremble. She quickened her pace, her purse bouncing against her hip, her mind racing with a single, desperate mantra: Hold it, hold it, hold it.

Emily slipped into the marketing firm just as the morning meeting kicked off, the glass doors swinging shut behind her with a soft thud. She darted into the conference room, her bladder now a constant, nagging presence that throbbed with every movement, and slid into a seat at the back, hoping to go unnoticed. The presenter’s voice droned on about quarterly projections and market trends, a monotonous hum that faded into white noise as Emily waged her silent battle. Her focus was entirely consumed by the effort to hold back the flood threatening to wet herself. She crossed her legs tightly, one thigh locked over the other, her foot bobbing rhythmically as she fought the growing swell inside her. Her hands rested in her lap, fingers digging into the fabric of her skirt as she squeezed her pelvic muscles, determined to keep everything locked away.

The minutes crawled by, each one stretching her resolve thinner. Every few moments, a fresh surge hit her—a hot, urgent wave that made her breath catch in her throat. She shifted in her seat, uncrossing and recrossing her legs, squirming to find any position that might ease the relentless fullness pressing against her insides. The iced tea she’d gulped down at lunch yesterday, the water she’d downed before bed—it all seemed to conspire against her now, refilling her bladder with alarming speed. She could almost feel it trickling in, drop by torturous drop, stretching her to her absolute limits. A small twitch escaped her control, a fleeting leak dampening her panties with a warm, fleeting rush, and she froze, clenching harder to stop the flow before it could escalate. Her face burned crimson as she stole a glance around the room, but the other attendees remained oblivious, their eyes fixed on the projector screen or their scribbled notes.

The meeting dragged on for a full hour, an eternity of squirming and silent pleading. By the time the presenter wrapped up with a curt “Any questions?”, Emily’s desperation had reached a fever pitch, a wild, clawing need that buzzed through her entire body. She stood quickly, intent on bolting for the bathroom down the hall, her legs trembling beneath her as she gathered her things. But before she could make her escape, her boss, Mr. Thompson, intercepted her near the door, his broad frame blocking her path. “Emily, can you and Sarah handle the Johnson account update? They need it by this afternoon—top priority,” he said, his tone brisk and leaving no room for negotiation.

Her heart sank, the weight in her bladder sloshing audibly—or so it seemed to her—as she nodded. “Of course,” she managed, her voice tight, forcing a smile that felt more like a grimace. Sarah caught her eye as they stepped into the hallway, tilting her head with a flicker of concern. “You okay? You seem… off,” she whispered, falling into step beside her.

“I’m fine,” Emily lied, her thighs pressed together as she lowered herself into her chair at her desk, the motion sending a fresh jolt through her overfull bladder. “Just busy.”

For the next hour, Emily and Sarah hunched over their laptops, hammering out the Johnson update. Emily’s focus splintered with every passing minute, her mind a battlefield where work clashed with the screaming demands of her body. She squirmed in her seat, her hips shifting from side to side, her legs twisting into a pretzel beneath the desk in a desperate bid for relief. The tight pencil skirt hugged her abdomen, amplifying the sensation of her swollen bladder pressing outward, a warm, restless sea bursting against her weakening defenses. Her panties were already slightly damp from earlier leaks, a constant reminder of how close she was to wetting herself, and she clenched her muscles rhythmically, battling to keep the wee contained.

A sudden, brutal wave hit her mid-sentence as she typed an email, the words blurring on the screen. She gasped softly, her hands flying to her lap, pressing discreetly against her crotch as a few drops escaped, soaking into the fabric with a faint, warm spread. She bit her lip hard, squeezing her thighs together until the urge subsided, her breath shallow and ragged. Sarah glanced over, her brow furrowing. “You sure you’re okay?” she asked, her voice laced with worry.

“Really, I’m fine,” Emily insisted, her voice strained and higher than usual. She forced herself to finish the update, every keystroke a test of willpower, every pause a moment to regroup and tighten her hold. When they finally hit send, Sarah grinned, oblivious to the war raging inside her friend. “Go take a break. I’ll cover for you if anything comes up.”

Emily nodded, gratitude flooding her as she stood, her movements stiff and deliberate, like a marionette with tangled strings. She hurried toward the office bathroom, her bladder throbbing with every step, a pulsing, urgent ache that radiated through her core. But when she reached the door, her hope shattered—a yellow sign glared back at her: “Out of Order. Please use lobby restrooms.”

The lobby was two floors down, a journey that felt like miles with her current burden. She shuffled to the elevator, her legs trembling as she stepped inside and pressed the button, crossing them tightly as the doors slid shut. One hand gripped the railing, her knuckles white, while the other hovered near her abdomen, as if she could physically hold herself together. The descent was agonizingly slow, each second amplifying the frantic urgency in her bladder, the tingling pressure that danced along the edge of her control. When the doors finally parted, she waddled out, her eyes locking onto the unisex bathroom across the lobby—and the line of seven people snaking out from it.

She joined the queue, her desperation now a wild, uncontrollable force that clawed at her insides. She shifted from foot to foot, her heels tapping an anxious, erratic rhythm against the polished floor, her hands clenched into fists at her sides. The pressure was immense, a hot, heavy load begging to burst free, pressing relentlessly against her pussy. She could feel it teasing her with tiny, involuntary dribbles, dampening her panties further and threatening to escalate. Hurry, please, she thought, her breath coming in short, shallow bursts as she fought to hold it in. Another leak slipped out, a warm trickle snaking down her inner thigh, and she pressed her hand against her skirt, trying to stem the flow without drawing the curious stares of the people around her.

Her phone buzzed in her purse, snapping her out of her trance—Sarah’s name flashed on the screen with a text: “Client called back. They have questions. Need you ASAP.” Emily’s stomach plummeted, the weight in her bladder sloshing furiously as she groaned in frustration. She couldn’t leave now, not when relief was so agonizingly close, but her job hung in the balance, and the Johnson account was her responsibility. With a defeated whimper, she stepped out of line and hobbled back to the elevator, her bladder protesting with every movement. Inside, she leaned against the wall, her legs twisted together in a knot, her entire body trembling with the effort of containment as the elevator hummed upward.

Back at her desk, Emily sank into her chair, hunched over as she dialed into the client call. Her thighs locked together, her skirt pressing mercilessly against her bloated bladder as she answered their questions, her voice wavering and her words clipped. She rocked subtly in her seat, her hands gripping the armrests until her knuckles ached, her mind a haze of desperation. Another spurt escaped mid-sentence, warm and wet, soaking her panties further and leaving a faint damp spot on her skirt. She clenched hard, stopping the flow, but the effort left her breathless, a bead of sweat trickling down her temple.

When the call finally ended, she was at her breaking point, her body a quivering mess of need. “I have to go,” she muttered to Sarah, who nodded with wide, understanding eyes, her expression a mix of sympathy and alarm. Emily stood, her legs shaking as she hurried to the elevator again, determined to reach the lobby bathroom before it was too late. The line was shorter now—only three people—but every second stretched into an eternity. She bounced on her heels, her bladder a quivering, bursting balloon teetering on the brink of rupture. More leaks slipped out, hot rivulets snaking down her legs, and she pressed both hands against her crotch, her face flushed with embarrassment as she tried to hide her frantic movements.

Before she could reach the front of the line, her phone rang again—Mr. Thompson’s name lit up the screen. “Emily, where are you? The board presentation starts in five minutes. We need you up here,” he said, his voice sharp with urgency. Her heart raced, pounding in her chest. This was her big moment, a career-defining pitch she’d spent weeks preparing for. She couldn’t say no, not now. “I’m coming,” she replied, her voice quivering as she abandoned the bathroom line once more and stumbled back to the elevator, her bladder screaming in protest.

In the conference room, Emily stood before the board, her legs trembling beneath her as she clutched the podium for support. She was absolutely bursting, her bladder a throbbing, overstretched vessel packed with wee that begged for release. She began the presentation, her voice faltering as waves of desperation crashed over her, each one stronger than the last. She shifted her weight, crossing her legs mid-sentence, her hands gripping the podium until her nails dug into the wood. The pressure was unbearable, a hot, urgent mass pressing relentlessly against her pussy. A small spurt escaped, wetting her panties anew, and she faltered, stumbling over her words—“The, uh, projections for next quarter…” She clenched her thighs, stopping the flow, but the dampness spread, a warm reminder of her peril.

Mr. Thompson frowned from the head of the table, his bushy brows knitting together. “Emily, you alright?” he asked, his tone a mix of concern and confusion.

“Yes, just… nervous,” she lied, forcing a brittle smile as she pressed on. Her mind raced, split between the slides on the screen and the frantic effort to hold herself together. Another leak, longer this time, trickled down her leg, pooling in her shoe with a faint squish. She could feel the warmth, the inevitability, as her bladder teetered on the edge of collapse, her control fraying thread by thread.

As she reached the final slide—“In conclusion, our strategy ensures sustained growth”—Emily’s resolve shattered completely. She was still in the conference room, the board members’ eyes fixed on her, when the first unstoppable gush erupted. A hot, powerful stream burst from her, soaking her panties in an instant and cascading through the fabric of her skirt. She froze, her breath hitching as the flood poured out, a torrential rush of wee hissing audibly as it drenched her thighs and splattered onto the carpet below. The warmth spread in a glorious, uncontrollable wave, her bladder unleashing its contents with relentless force. Rivulets raced down her legs, pooling around her heels, the golden liquid glistening in the harsh fluorescent light.

“What are you doing?” Mr. Thompson’s voice cut through the haze, sharp and startled as he half-rose from his chair. The board members gasped, chairs scraping against the floor as they turned to stare, their expressions a mix of shock and dismay. Emily’s face burned with humiliation, and she stammered, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry!” Her hands flew to her crotch as she tried to flee, stumbling toward the door in a desperate bid to reach the bathroom. 

She squeezed her thighs together, clenching with all her might, and for a fleeting second, the stream slowed to a dribble, her body trembling with the effort as she wailed, “I’m sorry, I can’t—” But it was too late. The pressure surged anew, and another spurt burst forth, forceful and unyielding, soaking her hands and splashing onto the floor with a wet slap. She couldn’t stop it—spurt after spurt escaped, each one a warm, wet explosion that drenched her skirt and puddled beneath her as she wet herself completely. The relief was overwhelming, a euphoric release that washed over her as her bladder emptied itself fully, leaving her standing in a shimmering pool of her own making, still muttering, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry,” through choked sobs.

The room fell into a stunned silence, all eyes locked on Emily as she stood there, soaked and mortified, her legs glistening with wee. Her skirt clung to her thighs, dark and sodden, her shoes squelching faintly with every slight shift of her weight. Tears welled in her eyes, blurring her vision as she stammered again, “I—I’m so sorry,” her voice breaking into a ragged sob.

Sarah burst in from the doorway—she’d heard the commotion from the hall—and rushed to her side, draping an arm around her shoulders. “It’s okay,” she whispered, her voice soft and steady as she guided Emily out of the room, shielding her from the gaping stares. Mr. Thompson called after them, his tone softer now, “Take the rest of the day, Emily. We’ll… handle this.”

They ducked into the supply closet down the hall, where Sarah grabbed a stack of paper towels and handed them to Emily. The air was thick with the sharp, unmistakable scent of urine as Emily dabbed at her legs and skirt, her cheeks burning with shame. Sarah knelt beside her, mopping up the dampness with gentle efficiency, her presence a quiet comfort. “It happens,” Sarah said, her voice kind but firm. “You were amazing up there, wet skirt or not. They were impressed—I could tell.”

As they left the office later, Emily’s damp clothes clung to her skin, a constant reminder of her very public failure. Her blouse stuck to her back, her skirt heavy and cold against her thighs, her shoes leaving faint wet prints on the pavement. She kept her head down, avoiding the curious glances of passersby, her mind replaying the moment over and over—the shock on their faces, the sound of her own release echoing in the room. Yet beneath the crushing embarrassment, there was a strange, quiet relief that settled into her bones. She’d survived the day, bursting bladder and all, and somehow, with Sarah’s arm linked through hers, she felt a flicker of hope that tomorrow might be less unforgiving.

