Desperate Escort 2

Author: souvikd70

*000*2020-07-15 03:08

I was in the need to satisfy my fetish. Desperation and girls peeing hard. And I didn't want to go to a bar just to stare at the ladies' room all day in the hope of seeing a desperate girl or two. So I did the better thing, in my opinion. Called an escort over.

I found her on Craigslist. She had put up the post at 4pm saying that she was currently working as a nurse and would be free for outcall services after 6 pm. I replied to her post and got her number. Here's how the texting went:

Start at 4:33 pm:

Me: Hey babe, I replied to your Craigslist post. Do you want to come over after you finish your shift?

She: Sure. Where do you live?

Me: (writes address)

She: That's not too far

She: I get off at 6. Can be there at 620

Me: Great. Can I make a request?

She: ok

Me: Can you be desperate to pee when you come? (I crossed my fingers, a lot of girls get turned away at this)

She: lol sure

Me: can you be really desperate? like dying to pee?

She: well i kinda need to go now

Me: Can you hold it till 620?

She: um okay.. i can try

Me: Please do try. i want to see you desperate to pee

(After a while, around 5pm)

Me: you there?

She: yup

Me: how do you feel?

She: i need to go!

Me: cmon, just another hour

She: ya but i haven't peed since lunch

Me: when was that?

She: 1230

(I was pretty hard at this point)

Me: It's just been 4 and a half hours

Me: cmon you're a big girl. you can hold it.

She: hang on babe

(another 30 minutes pass)

She: hey babe

Me: did you pee?

She: naah i was called

She: im at work

Me: okay

Me: how bad is your pee?

She: i gotta go

Me: can you old it

Me: PLEASE

Me: *hold

She: okay. can you tip me?

(we agreed upon a tip)

Me: okay keep holding it. See you soon!

(at 6 pm)

Me: sup babe?

(5 mins later)

She: just got off

She: On my way now

Me: hows your blader?

She: full lol

Me: how full?

She: very. Feel like im gona burst babe

(my penis was also feeling like bursting)

Me: okay get here fast and call me

(15 mins later)

She calls me asking for parking. I go down, trying to conceal the bulge in my pants and direct her to a parking spot. She parks and emerges from the car. She has East Asian features, looks Filipina. Not particularly hot, but not at all bad looking either. She is of decent height, maybe 5 and a half feet, and decent sized thighs which I notice because she is wearing pretty revealing shorts (obviously changed from her nurse uniform). Her skin is orange-ish brown and she is wearing dark red lipstick. Her top is red in color. Her name is Mimi. We look at each other's bodies for a split second in anticipation of the upcoming physical intimacy. Then she holds my hand and allows herself to be steered towards my house.

Me: Need to pee Mimi?

Mimi: Yes babe, really bad.

Me: How long can you hold it?

Mimi: I really have to go babe. (She pouts) I'm holding it for 2 hours.

We enter my house and I shut the door and rub my hand over her bladder. She oohs. Then I unzip her shorts and take it off to reveal blue panties. Coincidentally they are the same color as my underwear, which I also reveal, barely concealing my erect manhood within. She grins and rubs her hand over my penis from top of my underwear. Now I grin and take off her top and bra. Soon her panties follow, along with my T-shirt and underwear. We stand there smiling at each other, me with my penis at 90 degrees from my body, unshackled from the confines of my underwear at last, and she with her nicely shaped breasts and sparse triangle of pubic hair hiding a bulging bladder. I look at her pubic area.

Me: Your bladder doesn't look too big Mimi. Sure you need to pee?

Mimi: Yes babe. Can I go now?

She crosses her legs. That's sexy.

Me: Why don't you drinks some water first?

Mimi: Mmmph, I need to pee baby. Please!

Me: I'll double your tip if you drink a full glass of water and wait for another 10 minutes.

She agrees. I give her the glass of water and she sips it slowly holding the glass with her right hand, keeping legs crossed.

Crossed legs is a huge turn on for me. Even though guys also do it, I think it is more of a feminine thing. I love imagining their tortured abdomens with bursting bladders, the urethra leading up to the pee hole opening and how that's forcibly clamped shut by shapely thighs holding back the impending deluge. Salivating!

Mimi finishes the glass of water. I start a timer for 10 minutes. We start talking about the weather. Yeah, seriously. She tells me how it's cold today and that's making her pee more. I close the window to make her more comfortable. I don't want her to pee herself all that quickly, and I know how feeling cold induces bladder release.

Me: Have you ever been this desperate before?

Mimi: Nope. I've been desperate on road trips, but not this bad. (She pointedly stares at my erection, which now regains its full size after having deflated slightly during the time she was drinking)

Me: Ever peed outside on a road trip?

Mimi: No babe, I don't pee outside. It's disgusting.

Me: What if you're desperate?

Mimi: There's always a toilet.

Me: But you're a girl. You guys have to find a proper toilet, not just anywhere.

Mimi: Ya. Always found one.

Me: Do you envy guys for being able to pee anywhere?

Mimi: Not really. I can't imagine having that huge thing in my pants.

For some reason her last statement really turns me on. My penis seems to have a mind of its own, increasing its defiance in the way it stiffens even more. I feel I might cum if this goes on. So I try to stop thinking about her for a while, excusing me to check the 10-minute timer. The minutes tick by and we make small talk. Mimi seems to be holding it quite well. I start to doubt if she's really that desperate.

But with a minute remaining, she begins to walk back and forth. Her ass wiggles as she walks. She has a tattoo on her back. Some weird pattern, looks like a sword had a baby with a machete. She then puts both her hands on her crotch with an 'Oh' sound of a whimper. I begin to jiggle on my feet to block the impending cum. Just a few more seconds left.

Mimi: Can I pee now?

The timer showed 9:36, but I yielded.

Me: Yup.

She runs to the restroom, opens it to find it's a walk in-closet, lol. She exclaims 'Oh my god', opens the other door and finds the bathroom.

Me: I want to see your pee! Can you hover over the bowl?

She obliges, remains in a half standing position and the pee rips out from her hole. She 'oohs' and 'aahs' as the stream thickens, I don't think I have ever such a thick stream of pee! It clatters against the water in the toilet bowl making a racket so loud I feel the neighbors can hear. She 'oohs' again as the pee keeps on coming, I feel as if her pee hole is going to rip from the effort and spew its contents all over my bathroom. 'Oh god' she exclaims, as her stomach makes a gurgling noise. Still the pee keeps coming. She starts to smile from the sheer joy and relief of letting it all go. After what feels like a minute and surely more than a liter of pee, the stream dies down. She jerks her pussy downward to expel the last drops, then wipes herself off with some toilet paper.

Me: Hurry up and let's get to the bed. I can't hold my cum much longer!

She follows me to the bed, still sighing in relief. I lay down and she starts massaging my dick. It doesn't take too long. In about 30 seconds the white stuff rushes out as I cum over her hand. She smiles and looks at me. I smile back through half-closed eyes.

We clean up and talk a bit more before she leaves. I hope I can call her again some day :-)

