The Call of Nature

Author: RenaFetish

*000*2024-08-18 22:17

Chapter 1: The Forest

Alex and Mark had been hiking through the dense forest for hours, their bladders full to bursting. The sound of rushing water in the distance only made matters worse, as the urge to pee grew stronger with each passing minute.

"I can't hold it anymore," Alex groaned, clutching his crotch as he stumbled over a fallen log. "I need to find a place to pee, now."

Mark nodded in agreement, his own bladder feeling like it was about to explode. "Let's find a spot off the trail," he suggested, scanning the surrounding trees for a suitable location.

As they ventured deeper into the forest, the urgency of their need to relieve themselves only intensified. The trees seemed to mock them with their lush greenery, as if taunting them with the impossibility of finding a private spot to pee.

Finally, Alex spotted a secluded clearing up ahead. "There," he said, pointing towards the open space. "Let's go there."

They hurried towards the clearing, their bladders protesting with every step. As they reached the edge of the clearing, Alex suddenly stopped in his tracks, a look of horror on his face.

"What's wrong?" Mark asked, confused by his friend's sudden change in demeanor.

Alex pointed towards the center of the clearing, where a majestic oak tree stood tall and proud. And at the base of the tree, a man was relieving himself, his back turned towards them as he emptied his bladder onto the forest floor.

Mark's eyes widened in shock as he realized what was happening. "Is he... peeing on nature?" he whispered, unable to believe his eyes.

The man finished his business and turned around, a sheepish grin on his face as he zipped up his pants. "Sorry, boys," he said, approaching them with a friendly smile. "Nature called, and I had to answer."

Alex and Mark exchanged a bewildered glance, unsure of how to react to the man's brazen act of peeing in the forest. But as they looked into his eyes, they saw a twinkle of mischief that made them chuckle despite themselves.

"Guess we're not the only ones with full bladders," Mark said, breaking the tension with a laugh.

The man chuckled along with them, his easygoing demeanor putting them at ease. "Name's Jake," he said, extending a hand in greeting. "Nice to meet fellow nature lovers out here."

And as they shook hands, Alex, Mark, and Jake knew that their chance encounter in the forest had brought them together in a way they never could have imagined. And as they continued their hike, the call of nature would always remind them of the bond they shared, forged in the most unexpected of circumstances.

The End.

