Anna gets outed

Author: sj420

*000*2020-06-15 14:53

"But Mom," I protested, "if I drink anymore, I'm going to burst."

I pressed my hand into the crotch of my faded blue jeans and squeezed my legs together as tightly as I could under the dining room table.

"What's wrong?" she asked unsympathetically, pushing the full glass of water towards me. "I thought you really enjoyed this kind of thing. Drink up!"

"Why are you doing this to me?" I asked as I gingerly took a sip. I could feel my distended belly aching at addition of more water. It was all going to need to escape somewhere very soon. "You know I'm never going to be able to hold it all the way to school."

"If you're not able to control yourself," Mom demurred, "then I guess you'll have to deal with the consequences."

"Meaning I'll be known as 'that girl who peed her pants on the school bus' for the rest of my life," I said, forcing down another gulp of water. Despite myself, I was starting to get turned on by this situation.

"You didn't have any problem being 'the girl who wet her pants in the backseat of her mom's car' yesterday," she replied.

"I scrubbed out the car seat when we got home," I objected. "And, I didn't even ask you to take me home early even though the back of my dress was soaked and everyone was staring at me. What do you want from me to do?"

"I want you to stop gulping down bottled water every time I turn my back and going to the toilet before you're literally about to wet your pants," she said with exasperation.

A bladder spasm forced me to clench to prevent an accident. At this rate, I wasn't even going to make it to the bus stop without peeing myself, let alone hold on for the entire ride to school.

"But Mom, you're LITERALLY pushing me beyond that point right now against my will," I barked. "I just want to go to the toilet and you're making me hold until I pee myself."

"Then why were you secretly gulping down that bottle of water in your room?" she asked.

"OK, maybe I wanted to hold my pee a little this morning," I admitted. "I certainly wasn't planning to piss myself in front of everyone at school today."

"Right," she agreed, "when you're with YOUR friends, you control your intake so you don't have an accident and embarrass yourself, but whenever I take you anywhere, you hold on until there's a puddle on the ground."

"Mom, I'm so sorry I embarrassed you at church yesterday," I offered, doubling over to contain my bladder. "I swear it will NEVER happen again."

"No, I don't imagine so," she said with satisfaction. "I'm guessing one accident in front of all of your school friends will teach you a lesson they won't ever let you forget. Kids can be SO cruel, and they all have cameras on their phones these days, right?"

Her saying that made my heart race with a mix of fear and arousal.

"Can I at least pack myself a change of clothes?" I asked weakly, taking another big gulp of water and scissoring my legs under the table.

"No," she said firmly.

"So you're actually going to make me go to the school office, call you, and wait there for you to bring me dry pants?" I asked incredulously.

"Oh, you won't have to bother with all that," she said with cruel satisfaction. "I won't be bringing you any clothes. No need to go through the motions."

"Then what am I supposed to do?" I asked.

"I'm sure you'll figure something out," she said dismissively. "Hurry up and finish that water, you don't want to miss the bus."

I obediently tilted my head back and gulped it all down despite my body's protests. I was shaking with anxiety and excitement about what I knew was coming.

These were my most faded jeans. I'd never dared to wet them in public before, but I had done it in the shower when no one was home often enough to know how obvious the resulting wetness would be.

I grabbed my backpack and stood up gingerly. I had to continuously shift my weight to ensure my bladder didn't release on the spot. As I made my way toward the front door, I stopped at the coat closet and began to browse for a jacket to bring with me.

"Oh, you won't need anything," Mom assured me. "It's warm out there today."

"But Mom," I insisted, pee dancing in place, "if you're not going to let me use the bathroom or bring a change of clothes ... "

"Oh honey," she interrupted, "tying a jacket around your waist isn't going to fool anyone. It's bad enough you're probably going to ruin those shoes. Don't ruin one of your jackets too by getting pee all over it."

With that, she ushered me out the front door and closed it behind me, leaving me anxiously pee dancing in front of the house.

I seriously considered just finding a bush to pee in. After all, once I got far enough away from the house, Mom would never know, and I could always tell her that I barely made it to the school toilets in time.

Part of me, however, didn't want to waste this opportunity. After all, the whole reason I usually gulped down so much water in the morning was to make myself slightly desperate to pee on the ride to school.

I'd be lying if I didn't admit that I secretly fantasize about our bus getting delayed and arriving at school so late that I'm forced to go straight to my first period class despite my desperate condition. My teacher, already irritated at my tardiness, denies me a bathroom pass, and I'm left to fidget at my desk until a puddle begins to form under my chair as everyone around me begins to whisper and giggle.

In an attempt to "teach me a lesson", my mom had created a situation straight out of my fantasies. My heart was pounding with excitement at the prospect that I might actually have a genuine pee accident before my first class for the day even began. Could I really forgive myself if I chickened out?

I found myself waddling awkwardly, but rapidly to the bus stop. My bladder ached, but constant movement eased the pressure a little. I'm sure I looked ridiculous, but I told myself it was much less embarrassing than pissing myself on the walk to catch the bus.

At least if I wet my pants on the bus, I could blame being trapped in a confined space without a bathroom. I mean, no one would prefer me to pull my pants down and flood on the floor rather than pee myself in that situation. Everyone would believe I had a very humiliating, but very innocent public accident.

But what would everyone think of me if I got on the bus to go to school AFTER I had already pissed in my jeans? That absolutely could not happen. I could deal with everyone teasing me the rest of the year for being a pants wetter, but I didn't dare let them suspect I was a freak who was into this as a fetish.

Melissa was standing at the stop playing on her phone when I arrived. We were the only two seniors on our route still riding the bus because neither of us had cars of our own or friends to pick us up in the morning.

We had become best friends. Truthfully, she was my only real friend, and Melissa was the only person I had ever voluntarily told about my kink. I found myself relieved that she had seen me wet my pants so many times before.

She had always been amused at my willingness to totally humiliate myself for a brief thrill, but she had never balked at sticking by my side during the "walk of shame" home after I would pee in my pants at the movies or the mall, even in broad daylight when everyone would be staring at us.

As I approached, Melissa looked up from her phone and, noticing my pained walk, immediately asked if I was OK.

"No, not really," I admitted, standing next to her but continuing to practically jog in place. "I'm absolutely bursting."

"Are you crazy, Anna?" Melissa asked with a sneer. "Do you really want to do this on the bus?"

"This wasn't my idea," I assured, clenching my legs together and squatting. "My mom caught me secretly drinking a bottle of water in my room and made me drink four more glasses as punishment. She wouldn't even let me bring a jacket, you know, in case... "

"So your mom is actually trying to make you piss in your pants today?"

"I think she's hoping if she embarrasses me badly enough, I'll stop doing it intentionally," I explained.

Melissa chuckled. "I guess that makes some form of sense," she acknowledged.

As the bus pulled up, I gingerly stood upright and followed Melissa up the steps. I felt the first few warm spurts soak into my panties as I did, but didn't dare call attention to myself by checking my jeans for seepage. Melissa motioned for me to take the window seat and I slid in--nervously bouncing and scissoring my legs to contain myself as the bus lurched forward.

It was only an 18-minute ride to our school every morning, but with how full my bladder already was, it might as well have been a year. I consoled myself that, whatever happened, at least I had made it onto the bus in dry jeans.

"Do you think you're going to make it in time?" she asked with concern.

I shook my head as a spasm hit my bladder and I had to press my hands into my crotch and clench tight to hold back the flood.

"What are you going to do?"

I shrugged, and asked hopefully, "You wouldn't have any spare pants, would you?"

Melissa shook her head. "Surely your mom wouldn't make you sit in your own piss all day," she reasoned. "Maybe if you call her after it happens ..."

"I asked that this morning as I was choking down the fourth glass of water," I interrupted impatiently. "She told me not to bother."

"Wow," Melissa exclaimed. "What did you do to piss her off so bad?"

"I peed myself on the way to church yesterday," I blurted out breathlessly.

"Seriously?" Melissa asked with a smirk. "Was it obvious?"

"Yeah, it was that royal blue dress," I confessed. I could barely focus on the conversation. "She made me sit through the service soaking wet and scrub out the car seat afterwards."

"Well, you definitely deserved that," she assured me. "Plus, I'll bet you didn't mind too much."

Just then the bus hit a pothole that sent us both airborne for a fraction of a second. As my ass hit the seat again, I could feel a familiar warmth rapidly spread across it.

"Oh shit," I whimpered as I tried in vain to contain the flow. I rose to my feet so as not to flood the bench seat I was sharing with Melissa and clung to the high back of the seat in front of us as warm piss uncontrollably streamed down my legs and pooled inside my sneakers.

My pulse pounded with panic and arousal. I glanced over to see that Melissa had scooted into the aisle to ensure she stayed dry. This had drawn the attention of the sophomore girls in the row across from us, who were already laughing and taking video with their phones.

I sat back down while still peeing and held my backpack in my lap to obscure their view. The flood I had released was now spreading across the floor towards the seats in front of us on the bus. I sat there simultaneously mortified and on the verge of an orgasm as the girls sitting across the aisle us excitedly notified everyone that "Anna just pissed her pants".

Melissa found a seat elsewhere next to someone who presumably didn't reek of urine and I spent the next few minutes deflecting mocking questions. Isn't 18 years old a bit late to still not be potty trained? Have I considered diapers?

Eventually, they tired of interrogating me and contented themselves replaying and laughing at the video of my accident while I sat quietly with my thoughts. I could feel cooling denim clinging tightly to my legs and piss sloshing around inside my sneakers whenever I would move my feet.

I shifted my backpack aside and glanced at the damage to reveal dark-blue piss streaks running the length of my inner legs down to my ankles. The contrast with the faded fabric couldn't be more obvious. The tails of my collared shirt didn't hide the wetness of my jeans at all, but it had managed to get wet as well.

When we arrived at school, I sat there as everyone else filed off, laughing and making comments as they passed me. Melissa stayed behind to check on me, asking if I was alright. I softly assured her that I was fine as I stood up and slowly made my way to the front of the bus.

The driver glared at me as I reached the door. I muttered, "Sorry, it was an accident," as I passed him.

I was aware there were lots of students loitering and talking in front of the building. I avoided eye contact, held my backpack in front of my lap, and walked quickly as I tried to retreat to the building before they noticed me.

Unfortunately, the squelching of my waterlogged sneakers and sight of my two-tone jeans did not escape their notice. I could hear the insightful commentary that "SOMEONE had an accident" and lots of laughter as I hurried past.

I retreated to a stall in the nearest ladies room, but quickly realized that aside from giving me a place to hide from the gawkers for a little while, there wasn't much I could do.

I poured the excess piss out of my shoes into the toilet and wrung out my socks, but that only left me with slightly less squishy socks and sneakers. I dabbed at my jeans with toilet paper, but they were still visibly soaked down both legs by the time the bell rang.

I reluctantly left the privacy of the stall and walked to the sink to wash my hands before class. The girls who had originally seen me run into the stall in my pee pants had left the bathroom, so I stoically endured a whole new set of classmates smirking as they realized what I had done.

The halls were packed with students and teachers during the passing period as I walked to my locker, but it felt like everyone parted to stare at me and make comments on my accident as I passed. I have to admit the exhibitionist in me was getting turned on again by all the attention as I reached my locker.

As I traded my backpack for my first-period notebook, I was left with nothing to hide the piss streaks running the length of my pants legs. Camera phones held by my mocking classmates immortalized the walk from my locker as I shyly squelched to class.

When I finally reached my first period classroom, I tried to ignore the snickering as I sat down timidly at my desk.

"Eww, she's getting piss all over that chair," Tiffani exclaimed from the desk to my left. "You know, someone's going to have to sit in that desk next period Anna, and it's going to be soaked now."

"Well, what am I supposed to do?" I asked weakly. I knew I shouldn't engage her, but I also knew she was right. I didn't want someone else's outfit to get wet because of my accident.

"I don't know, maybe try not peeing your pants?" she offered mockingly as everyone around us laughed. I could feel blood rush to my head. "I guess you DO have that notebook..."

Slowly, I tore a couple of blank pages out of the back of my notebook and slid the paper under my soaked ass as Tiffani and everyone else fought back laughter.

"I hope she has a lot of extra paper in that notebook," one of the guys behind me quipped and everyone burst out laughing. I buried my head in my arms on the desk and wished for the day to be over.

TO BE CONTINUED...

