Confinement (Death Note Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*000*2023-06-21 22:56

Light had planned all of this out in such meticulous detail, and he’d been certain no loose ends had been left open. So, he was dismayed, and borderline angry at himself, that he had overlooked something so simple— If he intended to allow L to confine him and monitor him for weeks on end, he should have considered a couple factors; Namely, ‘privacy’ and ‘biology’.

Light had never thought of himself as being very shy. Quite the opposite, really. He liked talking to people, liked getting to know them, liked picking out any minute detail about them that he could use to his advantage. And, he was good at it too. He’d been able to charm nearly every person he’d ever met with ease, get them to believe he was whatever they most WANTED him to be.

He wouldn’t be able to do that if he was shy.

And, he usually wasn’t shy about this particular matter, either. Light could relieve himself in public restrooms without giving it much thought, everyone else was there for the same reason as him after all, it was a waste of his valuable time to get bent out of shape over the sound his stream made.

Even when L had installed cameras around his house— the detective going so far as to hide some in the restroom— Light hadn’t been too perturbed by their presence. The first time he went to pee after the appearance of the cameras, it had taken him a FEW extra seconds to get started. After he reminded himself that getting stage-fright would only prove to whoever was watching him that he knew he was being observed, he bore down on his pelvic muscles as hard as he could and everything flowed out. After that initial time, he stopped thinking about the cameras when he needed to go.

But this situation was a different matter entirely.

Not only was he being observed nonstop, he’d also been restrained. And he was restrained in such a way that he couldn’t use the toilet in the room unassisted. When he had to pee, he was required to announce that fact to whoever was watching so that they could come in and release his arms and legs and allow him to move freely.

That was more than a tad irritating. He was the God of the new world, he shouldn’t have needed to ask for permission just to use the bathroom. It was demeaning. But, the ‘asking for help’ part wasn’t the problem. No, it was what came after it.

The last time he’d asked, L had come in, freed Light from the restraints… And then he’d refused to leave the room. “Urinating should only take between twenty one to sixty seconds to accomplish, depending upon how full your bladder is. Leaving the room only to come back so quickly would be pointless.”

L had also refused to even just turn around. “You remain my top Kira suspect,” he’d said. “It would be very foolish of me to turn my back on you, wouldn’t you say?”

Light tried not to react, assuming that this was some kind of test. L likely thought he had used needing to pee as an excuse to get himself unbound, so that he could either attempt an escape, or cause some form of harm to befall L. Brute force wasn’t Light’s style— Wasn’t KIRA’S style— but L might expect him to resort to it if he was desperate.

Well… Light really WAS desperate in one way…

He’d held it as long as he could before finally giving up and asking L to get him out of the restraints. His newly freed hand rested against his inner thigh, fingers buzzing with the effort it took not to grab at himself. He would really prefer if L WASN’T prepared to watch him the whole time, but starting an argument over THIS would just be idiotic.

Light stood at the toilet and unzipped, and… L was just… Standing there. Staring. It wasn’t even just that he was looking, it was the WAY he was looking. Even Ryuk at least had the decency to close his eyes if he ever followed Light into the restroom. But not L.

Those unsettling, wide, sunken eyes, and the way he seldom seemed to blink… It was as though he thought he could somehow figure out if Light was Kira just from the way he urinated. He was too close, too… “Could you back up?”

L didn’t budge, he just bit down on his thumb contemplatively.

What? Was L ACTUALLY trying to use this to solve the case? What could he possibly be thinking about?!

“Previously, your behavior and request indicated to me that you were in urgent need of this break… However, now it would seem you have no need to go after all.”

‘You are STARING at me,’ Light thought. Were L’s social skills so broken that he couldn’t grasp the simple fact that his presence was the only problem? Maybe he should try to turn on the charm… Quite a few of the girls he’d spent time with had a thing for shy men… Behaving bashfully around them could turn them into willing pawns in his plans. Sometimes his ‘tricks’ worked on men, as well. They hadn’t worked on L yet, but maybe this time… It might not even be that difficult, he’d finally be saying something TRUTHFUL to L, after all. “This is really embarrassing, but I just can’t go with you watching. I think if you turned around, or left the room…”

“I have seen no indication that you suffer from Paruresis,” L droned.

‘THIS isn’t an indication?!’

“You have never struggled to relieve yourself while at school, nor did you have any issue when you accompanied me to the coffee shop.”

‘No one stares right at me when I use the restroom at school— And how does he even know when and where I pee? How much has he been following me around?’

“I think you were claiming to need the restroom just so I’d untie you,” L declared. “And you want me to turn around or leave so you can attempt some form of retaliation. In fact, I’m ninety-three percent certain that is the case.”

“It’s not…” Light gritted out. He was trying not to snap, a display of anger would only make him seem more Kira-like… “It’s just your staring. Do you really have to look RIGHT at me? If you don’t want to turn around, could you just focus on the wall instead of on me?”

“No, I’m afraid that keeping my gaze fixed on you is the best way to ensure my safety and that you continue to remain in your cell,” L explained. “If you really ARE Kira, then I have already determined that you possess some sort of power that is beyond my comprehension. I must be aware of your movements at all times.”

Ugh, so even when he told L the TRUTH the detective continued to doubt him…

“If you do actually need to go, I suggest you hurry up and do it,” L advised. “I still have Misa in the other cell, and I need to return to monitoring her as well.”

Light shut his own eyes, and tried to pretend L wasn’t THERE. The few times he’d had to work to get his bladder emptied in a public restroom, he was able to resolve it by doing Math equations in his head. He attempted that, and managed to distract himself from L’s fixation on him. He felt something in him finally start to go loose and he relaxed slightly. If this was how he was going to have to pee until this was over, he thought that after he'd done it ONCE, all subsequent times would be easier.

There was a shift of the weight inside his bladder, almost th—

“That is long enough,” L declared. “Seems I was right…”

Everything stopped. Light had the most painful tugging sensation around his urethra, and a faint, stinging burn moving through his length. Dismayed, he forgot himself for a moment and snapped “I almost— I almost had—“

“Back on the bed, Light,” L said. “I need to restrain you again.”

“But—“ Light’s voice cracked, and he bit down on his tongue. He would not try to plead with L, begging was not any way for a God to behave. He zipped up, ignored the furious throbbing of his un-emptied bladder, and did as L instructed. His feet and arms were bound once more. Then, L finally left him alone.

Alone, no longer being directly stared at, but now with his hands stuck behind his back and no way to get his zipper down again. If he could just get his pants out of the way somehow… He didn’t care that he was on camera, he just couldn’t take having L RIGHT THERE; Hearing him breathing, his unblinking gaze… It was just too close for comfort! He could forget about the camera, but he couldn’t forget about someone watching from directly beside him.

Speaking of directly beside him… “Hyuk hyuk… So, what was that about, Light?”

Light frowned, his gaze shifting almost imperceptibly towards the Shinigami. WHY was Ryuk asking him a question? He knew Light couldn’t answer him now, on-camera it would look like he was speaking to thin air, L would know something was going on.   He ignored Ryuk’s laughter and focused himself on simply not allowing his bladder to burst. Another bad thing about being restrained was that he couldn’t do much to really assuage his need. He couldn’t hold himself, not with his hands imprisoned behind his back. He couldn’t cross his legs when his feet were stuck together. He could sort of wriggle his legs around and shift in his seat, but that just wasn’t ENOUGH.

He’d gotten SO close to actually peeing before, his body was struggling to catch back up and, without a hand blocking off his urine’s exit pathway, he was having a VERY difficult time not letting anything seep out.

“What’s with all the squirming?”

Light didn’t reply. Why wouldn’t Ryuk just shut up? Even if Light COULD talk to him now, he wouldn’t talk to him about THIS. He laid down on the bed, turning back and forth in an attempt to settle his bladder. It wasn’t helping, it was just making it worse. Laying on one side would feel okay for a few seconds, but then the pressure would begin ramping back up again and he’d have to turn over. Laying flat on his back felt the worst, though. His skin seemed to be pulling itself taut around his aching bladder, causing him to feel bloated and stretched out. He wasn’t even sure if he’d ever had to go this badly before, and there was nothing he could do about it!

“That thing you were standing in front of,” Ryuk said. “It looks like the thing in that room at home you don’t like me following you into.”

So, Ryuk didn’t know what a toilet was… Did Ryuk pee? Light had never seen him do it, or even act like he needed to…

“You always squirm before you go in that room at home, too.”

‘I do not…’ Light thought dismissively. Okay, fine… Maybe sometimes he was too busy writing in the Death Note to take breaks, especially when moving it in and out of his desk was such a hassle, but he didn’t ALWAYS do that!

“Were you trying to release water?” Ryuk guessed.

Light seethed. ‘Shut up.’ He thought. The last thing he wanted was for his current misery to become Ryuk’s latest form of entertainment. ’Shut up. Shut up. Shut up…’

“I must say, I’ve never seen you like this before, Light…” Ryuk remarked. He reached out a finger and brushed Light’s cheek with it. “So clammy… So much sweat for someone who’s just been laying in bed for most of the day…”

Light flinched unintentionally, tensing his thighs and forcing himself to sit up again. Somehow, that felt better than laying down now. His knees rubbed together and he gritted his teeth. When his bladder sent him another brutal twinge, he bit down on a gasp, restraining it to a pained whimper. “Hff… Nnnh…”

“Never heard you make a noise like that, either,” Ryuk said. “I didn’t realize this caused you humans pain…” He reached his hand out again, this time curiously running it down Light’s body until it made contact with the harsh, distended curve of his bladder.

Light sucked in a breath, eyes widening. ‘Don’t react.’ He thought. ‘L can’t see Ryuk. He’ll suspect something if I suddenly act like I’m being touched. Don’t react.’

“Well, that’s new…” Ryuk said. “Why is this so firm?” He— He pushed DOWN, and—

“Haaaahhh…” Light reacted. He jerked backwards, away from Ryuk’s touch, squirming frantically as much as the restraints would let him, but it just wasn’t ENOUGH. His bladder was searing, spasming out of control, and if he didn’t do SOMETHING to help keep it in— He crawled over to the pillow on the bed, pushing himself against it. He couldn’t get it right between his legs with his feet tied together and his hands immobilized, but now that he had SOME kind of pressure against his crotch, he felt slightly better.

“… Interesting,” Ryuk said.

Light almost shouted at him then, he really did. He almost forgot all about the camera, all about L, all about the secrets he needed to keep, only able to recall that he needed to pee NOW and someone had just decided to PRESS on his bladder just to see what would happen!

***

L had been watching Light writhing around for about half an hour now. He wondered if, perhaps, he had made the wrong assumptions earlier. But, there was always a chance Light was merely putting on a performance to make L THINK that he was wrong, so he could try attempting his earlier plan again. Although, he had been imprisoned in that room since yesterday evening, it had been a long time, and L didn’t know when Light had last relieved himself before then. It wasn’t unreasonable to think he would actually be desperate by now.

But then, why hadn’t he gone earlier? L didn’t think his own presence would be enough to put Light off, when he’d never shown any sign of bladder shyness before. Light was showing a LOT of stuff today that he’d never shown before, though. L found his squirming and frantic, panicked breathing to be quite out of the ordinary for him. He had some trouble believing Light would allow this sort of behavior in himself if he’d had a choice, so his bladder may very well have been causing him agony.

But, if Light really WAS Kira, then he would do anything to get rid of L. Embarrassing himself for a little while to lure L into some kind of trap would be a very small price to pay— Particularly if the plan Light had was one that involved him killing L.

It would be interesting to see how Light behaved if he thought someone OTHER than L was watching him.

L spoke into the microphone, “Light, I am notifying you that the rest of the task force— Your father included— is beside me, and they are not falling for this act, either.”

***

At that announcement, Light felt something that he hadn’t in a while; Embarrassment. Why would L call everyone in to watch this?! His face flushed and heated, and he tried to stop squirming, to stop rocking against the pillow. He stilled for a second, only for ripping pangs to send him doubling over again. “Hfff….” Everyone was watching him, watching him— The God of the new world— be reduced to a fidgeting, flailing child barely maintaining control over his bladder.

Barely… maintaining…

Light’s spine chilled as he realized that, before long, everybody on the other side of that camera may end up seeing him… LOSING control. Light couldn’t even remember the last time he’d wet himself, he couldn’t remember the last time he’d come CLOSE to doing that! But, he knew what this feeling he was experiencing now was, it was something more than desperation. It was a harsh, unforgiving warning, screaming at him that if he didn’t relieve himself correctly VERY soon, his body was going to make the choice for him and leave him soaked.

The worst thing of all was that a toilet was constantly within his line of vision, if he could just USE his hands for something— If he was allowed to have just ONE hand free…

He squirmed more against the pillow, it wasn’t helping as much anymore, and he was picturing it becoming drenched as his bladder failed and fell apart…

***

So, even when he believed that all eyes were upon him, he continued to squirm with the same fervor as before. L considered that, if Light was Kira, he may very well be planning to kill the rest of the task force, too. So, them watching his humiliating behavior was of no consequence to him.

L HAD made special mention of Light’s father, though. Would even Kira be capable of killing his own family? Kira was the most prolific mass murderer to ever live, family-ties may mean absolutely nothing to such a person…

If Light’s plan WAS to lure L into that cell, then have him turn around so he could enact a plot to rid himself of L, then L risked everything by going back in there.

If Light had no such plan, and L stayed where he was, then he risked… Light having an accident.

It was obvious which incorrect choice would have the worst outcome. If Light wet himself, L would simply know better moving forward.

If there was a way to know for certain that he was being truthful… If Light did something that L couldn’t imagine Kira ever doing, like… Begged him…

Yes, L was sure that Kira would never outright beg. Kira’s ego was obviously gigantic. Even if he saw it as the only way to get a plan to work, he would be unable to bring himself to do it.

***

It was starting to actually get painful. Light had never needed to pee badly enough that it physically hurt him before. But, this was agonizing! His crotch felt damp, but he wasn’t even sure when he’d begun to leak. The momentary losses of control weren’t registering, the droplets that were managing to squeeze out were so minuscule when compared to the ferocious ocean still trapped inside of him. It was impossible to for him to FEEL himself dribble, the pain of his swollen bladder was so extreme that it blocked out everything else.

The wet sensation around his crotch was equal parts humiliating and aggravating. How could he be reduced to this?! This sort of thing wasn’t supposed to happen to him, it never had in the past! Any other time he’d gotten desperate to go, he hadn’t gotten this frantic. He’d been able to hold himself mostly still, only twisting around a little bit when the pressure REALLY bothered him. He hadn’t coated himself in panicked sweat, his eyes hadn’t begun to water. He definitely hadn’t ever LEAKED before.

But, he was realizing now that all of his past experiences with badly needing to pee hadn’t been true, full-blown desperation. When he’d made the mistake of having too much water before an exam, he’d thought THAT had been intense, yet he’d been able to focus on the test well enough to score as highly as he usually did. He’d been able to sit in his chair calmly, just letting his knees bounce or his ankles cross every so often. He hadn’t doubted his ability to hold it in until he was free to leave. Yet, he’d THOUGHT he was desperate. He’d THOUGHT that was the limit of exactly how uncomfortable his bladder could make him feel.

He’d been horribly wrong. THIS was what desperation was, THIS was the limit of how bad it could get. He couldn’t focus or think about ANYTHING other than the need to let his muscles relax. Staying still had become utterly impossible, even just squirming subtly was beyond him, he had to writhe and push himself against things to take even the smallest edge off the pressure. And, he really didn’t know if he could hold it much longer.

Honestly, he didn’t think he could…

It was the only logical conclusion that he could come to. It was simple biology, a human’s bladder did not have a limitless capacity. It could only be filled and stretched so far before SOMETHING had to give.

Ryuk was still there, of course. And he was still amused, still commenting on all the ways Light was managing to twist himself up in spite of his bindings. “You know, if this whole ‘Kira’ thing doesn’t work out for you, you should try becoming a contortionist. I’ve never seen a human move that much with their hands and feet both tied down…”

Light just wanted him to be quiet… Even if Ryuk didn’t pee, he seemed to have realized that humans found the function embarrassing. It was like Ryuk intended to tease him as punishment for forcing him to go without apples in here.

Since all his ‘contortions’ were barely HELPING, being taunted about them was even more irritating. He just… He just wanted to hold himself… If he couldn’t pee, he at least wished he could do THAT. For a moment, Light pondered the worst idea ever; He could feel Ryuk pushing on his bladder— Could he EVER— So, that meant if Ryuk were to… To use HIS hands in the way Light couldn’t…

Ryuk could NOT unzip him or help him aim, or even just hold his crotch for him. That was a horrible idea. He had no way of communicating that order to Ryuk nonverbally, so L would watch him speaking to thin air, then likely ARGUING with thin air and shouting at it to stop laughing at him. L might not be able to guess who Light was talking to, but he’d have reason enough to feel even more suspicious of him.

And… Light would prefer to go WITHOUT having Ryuk’s hands THERE if he could help it…

Maybe, at this point, the pressure against his sphincters would outweigh any stage-fright that L’s incessant staring brought on. Light KNEW L would continue to insist on watching him if he asked for the toilet a second time, and he was beginning to care a LOT less about that. If he kept his eyes closed and just focused on how much he NEEDED to empty himself, he thought he could do it now.

“L!” Light shouted, flinching hard. Speaking hurt now, the vibrations of his vocal cords were shaking up his bladder and causing the weight inside of it to shudder. “Are you still there?!”

No response.

“L!” Light yelled, doubling forwards again as the force of his own voice continued to add to his agonizing discomfort. “Dad?! Matsuda?! Is anyone still watching?!” They wouldn’t leave the cameras completely unsupervised, would they? If Light knew ANYTHING about L, then there was no way he was suddenly alone.

“Hey, Light!” Matsuda’s voice. Finally… “Sorry, I couldn’t remember which button to press at first…”

Light actually felt himself relax. If it was just Matsuda now, if Matsuda came to untie him… HE wouldn’t stick around to stare like L. If Light told him to turn around, he WOULD do it… “I need you to untie me, I have to use the bathroom!”

“I know, I can tell,” Matsuda said. “You look like you’re about to burst, which I guess makes sense, you haven’t gone since before you were put in the cell, right?— I didn’t know it was possible to squirm around so much when you’re tied u—“

“Now!”

“Uh—“ Matsuda stammered, obviously taken aback by the anger in Light’s voice. “Well, the thing is… I can’t help.”

“What?!”

“Sorry! It’s— L says he’s the only one allowed to untie you. I’m just here to watch you and Misa-Misa for a few minutes because L had to… Uhhh… Maybe I shouldn’t say…”

He didn’t NEED to say it. Light could figure THAT out easily enough for himself. So, L was peeing, then. Doubtless, he hadn’t needed to go anywhere near as badly as Light did now. And, L was permitted the luxury of doing it unmonitored, too… L was just allowed to— To relax and—

Light tensed his thighs and squirmed roughly against the bed. His clammy crotch felt warmer all of the sudden… “H—How long ago did he leave?”

“Maybe a few seconds before you started asking for him?”

“Could you try to catch up to him so he can untie me first?!”

“I’m— I’m not supposed to leave the cameras… And, I don’t think I should stop him, he said that he really had to go— I mean— Uh— He said— He said he had to pour some more coffee, you’ve noticed how much coffee he goes through, I bet he could drink a whole lake of—“ Matsuda cut himself off. “I’m… Not… Helping…”

“When L gets back, I need to talk to him…” Light responded, hopeful that L finished peeing quickly. The next several minutes passed with painful slowness. Light had been at the limit when he’d called out for L, so the added time was really fraying his control. When he looked down, he could see a dark patch over the crotch of his pants. He was dismayed that it was there, but strangely relieved because, with as damp as he felt, he’d expected it to be larger than that.

“Light. Matsuda says you need to ask me for something?” L’s voice finally prompted.

“Yes, I need you to untie me!” Light snapped out. “I have to use the bathroom, now!”

Silence.

L was probably on his way. Of course, the detective could tell how dire Light’s situation was, so he was hurrying to—

“Is that so?” L replied finally.

“Yes! So come in here!” Light said, aggravation lacing his tone. His voice was icy, acidic. He probably sounded how L pictured Kira would…

“Light, this is the second time you have claimed to need the restroom today,” L said. “And, previously, you didn’t go. I got the impression you were lying to me. Are you lying to me again?”

“No! And I wasn’t lying then, either!” Light yelled. “I TOLD you, I just couldn’t go with you watching me like that!”

“Perhaps,” L said. “But, each time I enter your cell, you do realize I am taking a risk, right? You ARE the top suspect, and the full breadth of Kira’s powers remains a mystery to me. As Kira’s number one enemy, being in a confined space alone with him…”

“E—Even if I WAS Kira, I don’t think anyone could kill somebody in this condition.”

“Hm… You know, it’s quite interesting Light, you make comments like that fairly often, don’t you?”

“What are you—“

“It’s always ‘If I was Kira, I’d do this…’ ‘If I was Kira, I’d do that…’ ‘I wouldn’t do this if I were Kira…’ It really makes one think…”

Fuck, he was using THIS discussion as a way to try to get information out of him. A discussion in which Light’s ability to think critically was completely removed. He was bound to say something incriminating when he was unable to properly plan out all of his statements, unable to delve deeply into the hidden meanings of whatever L said to him…

H—He had to rid himself of the memories. Yes. If he gave up ownership of the Death Note, he wouldn’t recall anything about using it, he wouldn’t remember being Kira. He’d only know that he was tied up in a cell and badly needed to use the toilet. It would be impossible for him to accidentally say anything that gave away his identity.

It just… It hadn’t been long enough yet. He couldn’t erase his memories now, he needed to wait until the time was right or everything would fall apart— Everything was going to fall apart just because he had to pee!

He should just wet himself and get it over with, then he’d be capable of talking to L with a level-head. Obviously, the detective wasn’t going to untie him anyway. He should just let it happen.

But, when he told himself to STOP holding it, his muscles just got tighter… Even though it felt like he was on the verge of peeing his pants, once he’d made the conscious decision to actually DO it, he couldn’t. He should have expected that. Having never HAD an accident before, suddenly telling his body to begin urinating while his clothes were still in the way felt too strange.

“Light,” L spoke again. “Are you planning to respond?”

“I— I don’t— I really have to pee, L… Untie me!”

“Don’t change the subject. Why do you spend so much time thinking about what you would do if you were Kira?”

“I— B—Because, like I said last night, I’m worried that— That I am Kira, and just f—forgot about it. Like I was doing it in my sleep, or s—something, or—“ Light leaked again, and it took almost two seconds of clenching to make it stop. “L, you can’t just make me wet myself!”

“Hm… I did tell you that we had cameras monitoring you in your room. You were never seen sleepwalking,” L informed. “You only got up at night a few times, and it was always apparent that it was from a need to relieve yourself.”

“… So, then you know what I look like when I have to go,” Light said, trying not to shout at what he was SURE was a cruel taunt from L. He wished he was in his room at home, just waking up with a full bladder, easily able to go down the hall and take care of it…“That means you can tell I’m not lying. Now untie m—“

“No, your behavior now is much more exaggerated,” L said.

“Because I’ve never needed to go this badly before!” Light snapped. “It’s— It’s been— I haven’t gone since yesterday afternoon. I don’t know what time it is now, but I’m sure this is the longest I’ve ever had to wait.”

No response.

Dammit! “M—Matsuda said you had to pee a few minutes ago, how can you not think I need to do it too by now?!”

Still no response, but Light was able to hear liquid very slowly pouring into a cup… Piss hissed out of him and he sat up to try pushing himself against the pillow again, only really succeeding in getting IT damp as well.

“Oh, it would seem I left the microphone on…” L’s voice was muffled.

Light felt his eyelid spasm. There was no way L had done that by mistake. He was far too meticulous to overlook a detail like that. He’d wanted Light to listen to the flow of liquid. He DID believe Light’s claims of desperation, he was merely choosing to torment him over it. Was this how he was hoping to get a confession? Torture it out of him?

He was going to have to try a lot harder than that…

Light tried again to simply wet himself, but the relief refused to come. It was just too much for him to handle mentally, he couldn’t deliberately have an accident. He had to wait for it to happen naturally, and endure all of the discomfort that brought with it.

But, it wasn’t just discomfort. It was pain. Harsh, brutal pain that tore through his lower belly and was making him almost delirious. He was beginning to fear for his health, concerned that if he didn’t get his bladder drained soon, it would either hospitalize him or actually kill him.

Could a full bladder become lethal? Maybe once this was over, he should use the Death Note to test that. He’d pick a criminal and write THIS as their cause of death, then see what happened… He’d have to pick someone guilty of a really awful crime, though. This would be such a painful way to die…

It was the pain that got Light talking again. A sick spasm that rolled through his bladder and all the way up to his stomach. He almost felt like he was going to vomit… “L!” he yelled. His voice cracked, he’d said one letter and it was enough to make his vocal cords fry. “L, please?!”

The reply came quickly for once. “Please what?”

“You already know!”

“I don’t, Light.”

“Please— Please untie me!” Light exclaimed, shuddering as he felt another spurt trickle out of him. “Please! It— It actually HURTS, just let me go! Please?!”

L glanced away from Light’s screen for a moment. So… He WAS actually begging him… That was something he couldn’t see Kira doing… But, he COULD see an extremely desperate Light Yagami doing it…

And, he’d reacted VERY badly to the sound of L pouring himself a drink, that little ‘experiment’ indicated that Light DID need to relieve himself urgently.

“I will be there in a moment, Light,” L said.

Light breathed out a sigh and fought not to relax TOO much. Now that he was finally going to be released, an accident would be mortifying. He pleaded with himself to hold on, trying his best not to look at the toilet that he’d be using in just a few minutes. It was impossible to keep his eyes off of it, though. It was impossible not to imagine the relief of letting go at last.

He heard the lock on the door being messed with, and then heard it opening, he turned frantically towards L, his own eyes blown almost as wide as L’s always were.

L glanced at Light for a second, squirming and bouncing as much as the restraints allowed him to. He was now able to see the dark spot on Light’s pants as well. If this WERE all an act, Light wouldn’t have deliberately peed himself a little just to make it more believable…

“Stop staring,” Light hissed. “Hurry up!”

L approached Light and set about removing the restraints around his wrists. He was now more aware of just how much Light was shaking, it made it a little trickier to get his hands free…

“L, come on!” Light moaned. “Can’t you do this any faster?!”

“I’m doing it as quickly as I can,” L said calmly. “If you were a little more still, it would be easier.”

“If I COULD go still, I would! You think I WANT you to see me this way?!”

L finally removed the bindings on Light’s wrists— His hands were free, his hands were—

Immediately, they both flew between his thighs and grabbed hold of his member. Ahhhhh, that felt so much better! Some of the tension eased away, it no longer felt like his piss was right up against his opening, ready to spray forth if he so much as breathed wrong. He actually had something keeping it in…

L was startled when Light began holding himself the very instant that he was able to. More of his doubt faded. When he went around to free Light’s feet, he saw Light now had his eyes screwed closed and was biting down sharply on his lip, hands still clasping tightly between his legs. “Hurry up…” Light said once more.

“As I’ve already said, I am moving as fast as I can…” L informed. He had an easier time with Light’s legs, now that Light was gripping himself, his shaking had died down considerably. “There,” he said. “You may—“

Light quickly shot to his feet, but stumbled, the change in position amplifying his discomfort for a moment. He could actually FEEL the way his pee sloshed around inside him, it was dizzying… He was already unzipping a few steps from the toilet, but when he finally got there and AIMED…

L was standing next to him, staring just like before…

Light dribbled a bit into the bowl, but nothing else happened. It didn’t bring him any relief, and only made him feel like he had to go worse…

“Was that all?” L asked. “You had me convinced you were—“

“No!” Light snapped. “It’s— I keep telling you, you’re too close, and you’re— You’re staring straight at me! Would you be able to go with someone doing th—“

“Yes.”

“Well— Well, I can’t, alright?”

“Urination is an everyday biological process. Everyone engages in it. You should feel no embarrassment just because I happen to be—“

“L… L, please?!”

Begging again… L really wasn’t supposed to take his eyes of Light, though. 24/7 surveillance meant 24/7 surveillance. He was to be monitored at all times.

Just for a second… Just until he was able to start going… L glanced up, away from Light.

The room stayed silent, save for Light’s haggard breathing.

L sighed, “I… I wonder where that stain on the ceiling came from… Looks kind of—“

He’d looked away— Light shut his eyes, and after a few seconds he was finally peeing a stream so hard and fast that it yanked a moan from his lips. Ohhhh… Oh wow, it had never felt so good to go before… It was like everything in him just snapped and went slack all at once, the painful stone in his lower stomach was shrinking, his muscles going utterly loose.

Light was still sweating as he pissed out torrents of liquid, his body continuing to tremble. He felt very raw and sensitive after hours of immense discomfort and strain. He wouldn’t be shocked if he wound up feeling sore somewhere for a while after this. But, for now, he just felt amazing. Since he’d never experienced desperation to that degree before, he’d never felt relief like this, either.

L was startled by how copiously Light was peeing, surprised that he was capable of holding so much. All doubt was gone now, Light hadn’t been using this as a ploy, he hadn’t been ‘acting’ desperate, he’d reached his limit— He’d been AT his limit for ages and L had continually denied him release in one way or another.

Light had been telling the truth; He really just COULDN’T go if L was watching him too intently. That was strange. L could pee if someone was watching him, it was a basic function that everyone had, so it never crossed his mind to be embarrassed of it. There were always more important things to focus on.

Light finally finished, panting heavily as the last few spurts left him. He zipped up, trying to ignore the dampness of his clothes. It wasn’t comfortable…

L watched him for a couple seconds. Light was likely to be experiencing a bit of brain-fog after all of that… “Are you feeling better now, Kira?”

“I’m still not Kira,” Light glowered.

*001*2023-06-29 19:13

L was certain that Light was Kira. Even if he didn’t have any concrete evidence of it yet, there had simply been too many coincidences for him to believe otherwise. Observing Light over the past few days still hadn’t gotten him any closer to finding proof, though.

Today, L was trying something new and, perhaps, a bit unorthodox. He had used unusual tactics to solve cases before, but this was probably the strangest thing he’d ever done. He’d gotten the idea a couple days ago, when Light had grown so desperate. It was clear to L that his mental faculties were greatly diminished when under the effects of such extreme strain. And, it was also apparent that Light was unable to deliberately wet himself. He could only escape that strain and pressure by being granted access to the toilet, or by having his bladder completely overflow.

Light’s capacity was obviously very high. The other day, he had urinated for approximately one hundred and seven seconds, which was longer than L had ever managed himself. Since even that hadn’t been enough to prompt a complete accident, that meant Light could restrain himself even further if pushed to do so.

L intended to keep Light in that desperate, disheveled state for as long as was physically possible. While subjected to the torment inside his body, Light would falter and make mistakes when asked difficult questions. Since he was incapable of forcing an accident in order to clear his head, he would have no means of escape. And L would have plenty of time to probe him before his bladder actually failed and emptied on its own.

He hadn’t considered all possibilities, however. And now, he was met with consequences. He was correct in assuming that Light would no longer be able to think clearly once his bladder got full enough, but he’d placed too much faith in the idea that Light would STILL be able to remain coherent and on-topic. Light wasn’t thinking clearly at all, but he had a bit of a one-track-mind and wasn’t actually responding to anything L said.

The other miscalculation L had made was more troubling. Seeing as Light’s bladder was evidently quite large, working him up into this level of neediness took a lot of time. Time during which L had to stay right in front of the screens, never getting up, and consuming coffee and tea to keep himself awake.

And, when L finally noticed that this had left him in a similar situation to the one he’d forced upon his prisoner, the other members of the task force had already left for the night. L couldn’t leave the cameras unmonitored, and there was nothing in his immediate vicinity that he thought would make a good receptacle— The tea cups were too small, and he’d never been able to stop peeing after he’d started. His only option was to hold it until morning when he could have someone take his place for a moment.

But, just as Light’s ability to think critically was hampered by desperation, so too was L’s. It wasn’t as simple to analyze everything that came out of Light’s mouth when most of L’s own thoughts were garbled, panicked repetitions of ‘I have to go.’

Not that Light’s pained shouts of “You have to untie me NOW, L!” required much analyses anyway. There weren’t any hidden, double-meanings in that…

L knew that this plan was a bit of a bust, he just wasn’t ready to admit it to himself yet. They were getting nowhere, and they weren’t GOING to get anywhere. Light barely heard anything L asked him, and only responded with some variation of “I don’t know! Just let me use the toilet!” L could barely think of appropriate questions, and his brain felt so foggy that he assumed that if Light suddenly just said, outright “I am Kira,” it wouldn’t even register to him.

L just didn’t like accepting when ANY of his plans went to pieces. Failure didn’t HAPPEN to him. He still wanted to hold onto some vague hope that this WOULD start to work eventually. If he could just ignore all of the irritating discomforts inside his body, he thought he could get this back on-track.

The need to urinate was such an annoying one. Urination, like sleep, wasted time that was better spent elsewhere. L hated being interrupted when he was working on something, particularly when the interruption was caused by a part of himself. A few times in the past, when met with similar predicaments, he had decided that simply wetting himself was the best course of action. The distraction would be removed, and he wouldn’t have to stop what he was doing. He’d even tried wearing a form of… ‘protection’ once or twice in anticipation of that happening.

However, he’d learned much like Light had, that deliberately having an accident was a very difficult thing to do. Consciously instructing his bladder to release into his clothing was just impossible. Before long, he’d give up on the endeavor, his discomfort too great for him to continue putting up with it, and go to relieve himself correctly.

That wasn’t exactly an option right now. And, since his previous experiments with it had all been failures, he wasn’t wearing any kind of ‘protection’ right now. If he actually DID burst tonight, it would get everywhere.

He shifted around. The way he sat was not very pleasant with a full bladder. Crouching sort of… stimulated the muscles around his bladder, making them even more eager to release. He tried to find a different position that made his midsection ache less, but sitting ‘normally’ was just… It made it a little easier to hold it, but it also felt really uncomfortable, unnatural.

Finally, he just stood up. He was forced to hunch over even more than usual to keep his bladder from feeling too stretched out, but he found that shifting his weight around between his feet was very helpful.

***

Light was, of course, deeply dismayed that L had been refusing his requests, demands and pleas for a bathroom break. But, he wasn’t very shocked. He knew precisely what L’s plan was, and that the detective was attempting to work him up into a panicked, pained state in which his brain would cease to function on the level he needed it to. L’s intentions were very clear.

Really, the only surprising part was that L would resort to such a childish tactic. Particularly when Light could easily cause the plan to fail simply by giving up and having an accident, ensuring that his mind was left free of distraction once more.

But, just as Light had discovered the other day, deliberately wetting his pants was a very difficult thing to do.

Even when he really wanted to.

The aches associated with holding it had crossed the threshold into becoming painful ages ago. He consistently felt as though his lower abdomen was being sliced into, and when he was able to look down at himself from the correct angle, he thought he actually looked a little swollen. He needed to go far, FAR worse than he’d needed it the other day; And he’d thought THAT was as bad as it could possibly get…

So, he’d BEEN trying to just give in and soak himself. Even if L refused to let him wash up and get changed right afterwards, Light would only have to wait until the rest of the task force was around. Father wouldn’t allow L to make him sit in his soiled clothes forever. And, since Light would remain tied up, it would be L’s job to deal with the puddle on the floor.

It would be L’s fault if he wet himself anyway, maybe having to clean the mess would teach him to never do this again.

The thought of L being forced to mop up his piss… It was far from being unpleasant to him. L would have to get on his hands and knees before him, the position he would ALWAYS take if Light changed his mind and decided to allow him to live…

That idea made him want to submit to his body’s demands even more. But, no matter how hard he tried, the instant he decided to STOP holding it, it seemed that was the only thing his body knew HOW to do. He struggled to understand that, he’d spent the last several hours fighting not to piss his pants, and now that he WANTED to do it, it suddenly wouldn’t work.

He was actually going to have to wait until he physically overflowed, and he couldn’t understand how he hadn’t already done that. He felt so full that he swore there was water reaching the back of his throat. There could not POSSIBLY be any more space left inside of him, but somehow the liquid kept finding room, and his burning holding muscles remained taut.

Well, not completely. He’d leaked so many times that he’d lost count, and he knew his crotch was damp. But, all of those dribbling spurts had been so minuscule in comparison to the waves locked inside of him that they hadn’t brought him even the smallest hint of relief.

“You look even worse than you did the other day,” Ryuk said. “How long’s it been, anyway?”

Light didn’t know how long it had been. His watch was currently stuck behind his back along with his hands. It didn’t matter how many hours he’d gone without a piss, though. However long it had been was too long for his searing bladder.

“I do think this is the longest I’ve seen you wait…” Ryuk decided. “If we were at home, I think you would have gotten up at least three times by now. Why do humans have to expel water like that, anyway? And why do you have to go to a specific place to do it?”

Ryuk had stayed perfectly quiet when Light WASN’T squirming around, dying to pee. Light couldn’t tell if Ryuk was just oddly curious about human biology, if he’d realized he’d hit upon a good way to irritate Light, or some combination of both.

“Did it get firm again?” Ryuk wondered.

Oh, no… Please, not this again… It had hurt so bad the last time, and now Light needed to go even worse!

Ryuk reached out a hand. Light was powerless to stop him, with his limbs bound and the cameras there to capture any orders he made. Just like before, Ryuk pushed down on his lower stomach and caused a bright, hot flash of urgency to bolt through him, so agonizing that his vision went haywire for a moment and all he could see was bright white. He flung himself backwards, rolling from side to side on the bed, just trying to find a position that would make it hurt a little less.

The worst part was that Ryuk’s touch hadn’t even been enough to make him finally piss himself. No. All it had managed to do was cause him more awful pain.

“Feels like you’re made of stone,” Ryuk remarked. “Someday, when they make statues of Kira, I might not be able to tell the difference.”

Light gritted his teeth, hissing out a strangled breath. It was taking so much out of him not to just shout at the Shinigami now.

There was someone else that he COULD yell at, however.

“L, hasn’t this gone on long enough?!” Light demanded.

***

L looked Light over. He was flailing about on his bed, pressing himself harshly against the mattress. Light was having a more difficult time than L was, he could acknowledge that. L was ABLE to jump from foot to foot, and he could hold himself if it started to get worse. Light didn’t have those options thanks to the bindings. Plus, he was forced to just lay there beside a toilet that he couldn’t actually u—

Oh, why had L thought about that?!

The toilet was visible on-camera, and now L couldn’t stop looking at it. “H—Hasn’t WHAT gone on long enough, Light?” L asked. “Your denials?”

“I’m not— I’m not denying anyth— I’m not Kira!” Light snapped. “This is sick, L! Are you trying to make me wet myself?! Is that what you want?!”

L HAD intended for this interrogation to continue on for however long it took Light to finally have an accident. But, now he was less certain… When Light lost control, L would both see and hear it happening. He’d have to listen to tons of liquid hissing for a MINIMUM of one hundred and seven seconds. And, if Light moaned like he’d done the other day, then L would probably—

L crossed his legs together, knees rubbing. Oh, this was getting so bad… If he wasn’t so concerned about having a mess to clean up, he didn’t think he’d be fighting this so hard. Instead, he’d be begging his body to just give up and release so that he could focus again. “Wh—What I WANT is for you to tell the truth for once in your life.”

“The ‘truth’ is that I need to use the bathroom, L!” Light shouted back. “How can you think I’m lying about that? You haven’t allowed me to go all day!”

Light was correct. L HADN’T given him a single bathroom break today. He’d ignored every one of his requests for one, and had just continued to watch him grow more and more frantic. And, in all that time, L hadn’t gone either. Neither of them had peed even once today. L knew better than anyone how badly Light must have been needing the toilet.

“I DO trust that you need the restroom, Light,” L informed. “But, that isn’t the point. Why is it that the FBI agent following you just happened to die soon afte—“

“I don’t know!” Light interrupted. “I don’t— Am I supposed to keep watch over every single person I ever meet? I never even talked to him!”

L seized on that. “I was under the impression the two of you spoke on the bus.”

Silence. Light obviously scrambling to come up with a response. “I—It’s hard for me to remember things right now, L.”

“Is that—“ L somehow managed to put his foot down a little too harshly against the floor. It sent a shudder up his leg and directly into his bladder, causing it to tremble and convulse far more violently than it had done at any other point today. It was enough to make him fold in half as he gripped onto himself. “I—Is that s—so, Light?”

Oh shit, his voice had cracked. A lot. And he’d been stammering. Light would notice that. Even in THIS state, Light would notice if L’s usually steady voice went haywire like that.

Of course he did… “L? What was that?”

“What was what?” L responded immediately. He sounded like a moron… He had to get Light to focus again, had to drag this conversation back to the topic at hand.

“Did you hurt yourself, or something?” Light actually sounded worried.

Kira wouldn’t ask THAT, would he? No. If Light was Kira, he’d possess the ability to fake concern for another person. The most dangerous killers could always mimic emotions they saw in others, they could put on an act so they’d appear empathetic. Kira was the most dangerous killer to ever exist, if Light was Kira, he’d have full-mastery over that.

L wouldn’t fall for such things. His base need for a bit of sympathy at the moment was just making him more susceptible to Light’s tricks. “A—As I was saying earlier, the FBI agen—“

“L!” Light moaned, squirming more. “Please, untie me now! Please?!”

And, since the begging had worked last time, Light would naturally assume it would work today.

It wasn’t going to.

He WAS getting very frantic, though…

And so was L… This was a stupid idea, if Light actually fell for it, L would be stunned. And, worse yet, he’d already TRIED something similar once before, making the ploy even more idiotic.

“Do you have to pee, Kira?”

“No— I— I mean— I— I’m not—“

“If you don’t have to go, then there’s no reason to untie you, is there?”

“I DO have to go!” Light’s eyes radiated fury. “But, I’m NOT Kira, just stop this, alright?! Just untie me! Please, L?!”

L tightened his hold on himself, the more desperate Light’s pleading got, the worse L’s own urge became. He couldn’t understand why, but every time Light said ‘please’, his bladder would start to twist and roll itself up into pained knots. He coiled his legs together once more, rocking from side to side. He felt a small leak trickle out and, for a second, he tried to actually let it continue. But, as soon as he started telling himself it was okay to give up, his body tightened back down again and everything stopped. His urethra burned painfully at the sudden end to his release.

“Light… Th—That’s enough. We aren’t discussing this matter any— anymore… You have brought us very far off-topic. N—Now, here’s something you may find more interesting; Ever since you and Misa were placed in confinement, the Kira killings have stopped. Can you think of any reason that might b—“

“L, please?!” Light interrupted.

L sighed, leaning backwards in an attempt to give his bladder some more space. It didn’t work, the skin of his lower abdomen felt sore and stretched. “Please what, Light?”

“Please let me use the bathroom!” L could hear the fury in Light’s voice, but it was more tinged with panic now. Even just viewing him through the camera, L could see that Light’s crotch was quite damp. He’d already begun wetting himself, just not with the force and speed that his body desperately wanted him to.

L shimmied his hips, feeling the small wet patch on his own clothing. He’d let out a little, and it had… It had felt good to let go like that for a couple seconds. He just wished he’d continued trying to wear the ‘protection’. He felt certain that, if he had something like that on now, this would be the night he finally managed to actually make use of it. At the very least, the knowledge that losing control wouldn’t result in a huge mess would give him some peace of mind.

The idea of the others returning in the morning to find him soaked didn’t bother him that much, but L just hated when his surroundings were untidy. Too many things out of place, or an irritating smell, really harmed his ability to concentrate. He wasn’t sure if continuing to hold his bladder in was a bigger distraction than having to breathe in the smell of his own urine would be. “We are not d—discussing th—that at the moment, Light,” L told him. “Answer m—my questions, and then we can talk about letting you—“

“I’m not answering anything until you let me go,” Light insisted.

“You must realize that this stubborn behavior is only increasing your Kira percentage…” L said. It wasn’t, really. Anyone in Light’s situation would be stubborn and argumentative now, whether they actually had something to hide or not. The lie would hopefully get him to cooperate a little faster, though. “If you are not Kira, then simply g—give me your theories as to why the killings have suddenly ceased.”

“I— I don’t know why!”

“That ans—answer is not satisfactory,” L said. He ran his nails over his thighs, stepping in place. He couldn’t stop looking at the toilet visible on Light’s screen. It would feel so good to rush into that cell and— “Y—You already know MY theory, I’m sure— The killings have stopped because Kira and his accomplice are currently confined.”

“I’m not Kira!” Light snapped once more. “I—I’m sure I can th—think of why the killings stopped af—after I—“

“You need a clearer head to come up with your excuse, don’t you?”

“Ye— No! It’s not an excuse! I n—need a clearer head to think o—of anything at all!”

“G—Give it a try…”

L watched as Light curled over on himself, it seemed the wet spot on his pants was growing larger. “I d—don’t— Maybe Kira is sick.”

“Both of them, at the same time? And, so sick that they haven’t been able to kill even once?”

“Y—Yes! We kn—know they h—have made contact,” Light reasoned. “S—So, if one of th—them is sick, the oth—other could have caught it.”

“And, coincidentally, Kira and the second Kira each came down with some horrible disease at the exact same time you and Misa were locked away?” L asked. “I don’t believe in coincidences, Light. And, I have to s—say, it’s hard to believe a pair of mass-murderers would be completely stopped by a mere cold…”

“M—Maybe it’s not a cold, maybe it’s something worse…” Light mumbled.

“Hmmm… This lie isn’t up to par for you, Light…” L said. “Generally, when you lie to me, there is at least a small part of me that’s willing to believe you. Not this time. Why have you gotten worse at lying?”

“Probably because I have to pee and can hardly think!”

L’s smile turned into a slight grimace as his bladder throbbed. He gripped himself with one hand, and didn’t let go. It was easing the tension away, and he thought he was close to a breakthrough now. Just a few more minutes, and he would have won in spite of his awful need to pee. “So,” L said. “You admit that you have been telling me lies this whole time?”

“What? No! I d—didn’t say that!”

“You did,” L corrected. He bent forward, tightening his hold on himself. He was getting too eager, his bladder was starting to burn, a few droplets seeping out of him and requiring an even firmer hand to keep them at bay. “I asked why you have g—gotten worse at lying, and r—rather than DENY that you’ve lied to me—“

“Th—That doesn’t count!” Light exclaimed. It was a pitiful response, and even HE seemed to know that. “Y—You… You’re just setting me up. You d—don’t let me pee all day, th—then ask me all these questions, n—nothing I say now sh—should be taken seriously. It w—wouldn’t hold up in court.”

“I think wh—what I said to you was very straightforward, Light,” L said. “You could have easily denied that you lie to me, but you made no attempt to do so.”

“B—Because I can hardly think!” Light reminded. “H—Half the st—stuff you’ve said to me, I barely ev—even hear it or process it!”

“You seem to understand me perfectly well now.”

“You’re accusing me of being a killer!” Light said. “H—Hard NOT to p—pay attention to th—that! B—But, I haven’t l—lied to you a—at all! I k—keep telling you ev—everything I know, a—and I—“ Light was cut off, and L could hear a sharp hissing noise.

L panicked for a second, looking down at himself. But, when he realized the hand wedged between his legs didn’t feel any wetter than usual, he knew that the sound wasn’t coming from him.

The noise stopped abruptly and, panting, Light snapped “Y—You can’t— You can’t make me wet myself, L! Untie me already! Please?!”

Even if L HADN’T been the one to leak like that, listening to it happen wasn’t making his own situation any better. He had to clutch himself with both hands for a little bit, hopping in place. He shut his eyes, doing so for FAR longer than he should have when his entire job was to keep constant watch of the screens. He just couldn’t handle the sight of the toilet in Light’s cell any more.

Once he was able to speak again, he grunted out, “Nnnh, what was that, Light?”

“Untie me!” Light demanded. “Untie me, untie me, untie me! Please, L! Please, please, PLEASE untie me!”

“No.”

“B—But, I’m g—going to—“ Light’s voice reached an octave L had never heard before, and he made a strangled, pained noise as he squirmed around on his bed.

***

“Hyuk, hyuk…” Ryuk chuckled. “Your voice is squeaking, you sound like Sayu! I finally see the resemblance now…”

Light had never felt more pathetic, he’d never felt LESS like a God than he did now. Begging… Going into a full-blown panic just because he had to use the bathroom so bad. This was so much worse than the other day, he’d only had to stoop to begging for a couple minutes, not the hours of profusely pleading that he’d been strong-armed into tonight.

The image of L having to clean up his piss was a lot less satisfying now too. After all that groveling, even if L was left to mop away the mess, Light would still be the more pathetic, submissive one. He would have just begged for the toilet for hours before completely drenching himself, only to be unable to clean up on his own because he still couldn’t escape his bindings.

What the Hell had he been thinking earlier? That wasn’t God-like at all!

His desire to just piss his pants and get it over with evaporated. It was bad enough L had witnessed him behaving like this, he didn’t deserve to watch him have an accident on top of all that.

“L—Light— I kn—know you’re not c—comfortable right now,” L said. “But, I n—need you to w—work with me…”

And why did L keep stammering like that? Was he trying to drag this out as long as possible? What was wrong with—

…

…

Light thought that he had a way out now. He was… He was good at things like this, usually. When he could think. When he could think, he just needed to find the one thing he could use to manipulate someone, then talk them into doing what he wanted.

L was the only person so far that he’d never been able to manipulate, he’d never found anything he could use.

But, he thought he’d finally found that now…

All day, any time he’d said anything, L was the one to respond to him. It was easy to assume from there that L hadn’t taken any breaks today. And, doubtless, L had been drinking tea and coffee like always to force his body to remain awake longer than any human should ever be. L was still a human, though. What went in had to come back out.

L definitely had to go, just as badly as Light did.

However— and here Light tried not to seethe with jealousy— L was able to hold himself and cross his legs. He was able to do FAR more to fight against his desperation than Light could. Light was still going to break first, and in that time, L would keep interrogating him.

Light had no intention of answering any of the questions though. Even if he decided to be completely truthful for some insane reason, he didn’t think he’d be able to respond at this point. If L asked him something as innocuous as his favorite color, the only response he’d be able to give would be another demand for a toilet break. He couldn’t think of anything else.

But, L still COULD…

That was a problem…

Light had an idea of how to manipulate L, he just had to hope that his plan didn’t have too much of an effect on his OWN body first. “L… I really, really need to use the bathroom, alright? Please just—“

“No,” L stated. “L—Light, I— I am done repeating m—myself. Listen to me wh—when I’m speaking t—to you, and ans—answer my questions.”

“I can’t even think about all this stuff right now. All I can think about is waterfalls, and rivers, and peeing, and the sound tea makes when you—“

“Light!” L actually sounded mad now. “If it’s that bad, then just go.”

“I can’t! You have my hands tied!” Light reminded. “I need— I need to go NOW, L.” He was begging again, but now he was doing it with more of a purpose. “It feels like— Like there’s a melon in my stomach, L! It feels like I’ve swallowed an entire swimming pool, and— And I think I’m hallucinating!”   “Light—“   “I am, I hear water dripping from somewhere!” Light insisted. “I’m— I’m hallucinating, right? You can’t hear it, can you?”

***

L blinked, suddenly thinking that he actually DID hear the sound of a leaking faucet. Huh? That noise hadn’t been there a moment ago, had it? He was imagining it, there weren’t even any faucets near him. It was all in his head, but it was making him tense his thighs up a little more anyway. “E—Enough distractions, Light. You are g—going to answer m—“

“But— There’s too much pressure, it feels so heavy…”

L hadn’t noticed how heavy his lower belly actually felt… It was seriously weighing him down. He palmed his crotch and shifted his feet, but the heaviness only worsened, like he was carrying a boulder. “Light…” he hissed. “Stop talking about—“

“I already TOLD you, this is the only thing I can think about! Would you be able to think if it felt like you had a water-cooler in your stomach? If inhaling and exhaling kept squeezing the water-cooler tighter and tighter until you think one wrong move will make it explode? Would you be able to think then?”

L DID feel that way! And he was TRYING to think! He’d be able to do it just FINE if Light would talk about something else, anything else!” “W—We don’t need to discuss the Kira case now. We can take a break from th—“

“Then, let me go!”

That would be admitting defeat, that would be letting Light win… And, at this point, L just didn’t want to give Light what he wanted, regardless of if continuing this got him a confession or not. “Maybe later,” L said. “Once you have calmed yourself d—down a bit. I still believe you may be Kira, so I h—have no int—intention of untying you when y—you are angry.”

“I’m NOT angry!” Light shouted. “Just desperate! I’ll be perfectly calm after I’ve—“

“No,” L said. “L—Let’s talk about something else for a m—“

“I can’t!” Light insisted. “I— I haven’t used the bathroom since— Since really early this morning. What time is it now? How long have you been making me wait?!”

L’s gaze shifted to the clock, and his bladder thudded when he confirmed how late it now was. He’d last relieved himself at about the same time Light had, which meant they’d both been holding it for… “It has been around twenty-one hours, Light. However, your hydration today has b—been minimal, so I’m sure you a—are able to—“

“I’m not!” Light snapped. “And, what do you mean ‘minimal’? You’ve forced me to drink every bit of water you give me! J—Just because I don’t drink a couple barrels of tea everyday like you do doesn’t mean I’m not hydrated.”

L flinched. ‘A couple barrels’ was an exaggeration, but not by that much… From the way L’s bladder was thrashing, it didn’t FEEL like an exaggeration at all. The bloated organ was twisting up on itself, acting like he really DID have several barrels of fluid crammed into it. “Light, th—that is en—enough… Be quiet.”

***

Light hoped everything he’d been saying was having some kind of an effect on L, because it was definitely having an effect on HIM. He’d wet himself a little more, enough to leave a substantial wet patch on his clothes, but not enough to make him feel any better. If anything, all the leaking just made his bladder sting more.

Light did remain silent for a bit, but it was not out of a desire to do what L had instructed. No, it was more out of fascination.

Unlike the other day where L had merely PRETENDED to accidentally leave the microphone on, it would seem he’d actually done it for real tonight. Because, Light doubted that L would ever deliberately make those noises when Light could hear them…

“Nnnh… Hfff… Hff…”

L was struggling, fighting to breathe past the pressure in his abdomen.

After listening to that for a few minutes, Light’s own discomfort started to mount again, forcing him to demand the restroom once more.

***

L realized he’d left the microphone on, and hoped his haggard breathing hadn’t been audible. “No,” he said.

“But—“

“No.”

“L! I—If you— If you untie me— I’ll—“

“Confess?”

“N—Nothing to— Nothing to confess to!” Light moaned. “But I’ll— I’ll let you— I’ll let you go first if you untie me!”

L didn’t respond immediately. He recognized the very obvious manipulation for what it was, but his BODY only recognized the chance for relief. His muscles all spasmed, loosening uncontrollably and forcing him to dig his hands more firmly against himself. It wasn’t enough, and a few errant spurts hissed warmly into his clothing. He knew he should DECLINE Light’s bribe, as to accept it would mean admitting defeat in some small sense. But, the offer of release was so… so… Struggling to think, he stammered “You’ll l—let me go WHERE first?”

“Y—You KNOW where, L!” Light exclaimed. “St—stop this! I know you h—have to go as badly as I d—do!”

L cringed, Light was correct. He felt like he was going to burst, and this plan had utterly failed. Even when he managed to catch Light in something, the fact that neither one of them could focus for longer than a minute made it all pointless. He needed to clear his mind, and then never try anything as stupid as this again. There was only one way TO clear his mind now, only one way that would allow him to resolve his current predicament while still keeping an eye on Light.

“… I will untie you after I have taken care of my needs,” L stated.

“W—Wait,” Light said, another wincing squeak cracking from his throat. “You need to untie me first, I need to be able to use my ha—“

“I am going to be in a vulnerable position while I relieve myself,” L said. “So, I will untie you after I have finished. I assure you, I WILL untie you, so don’t concern yourself with—“

“Just my hands, L, you can leave my feet tied down, but I need—“

“I’m not negotiating this any further,” L said. “Either accept this compromise, or I won’t untie you at all.” He didn’t wait for Light’s response, he already knew what he’d choose, and he was now beyond ready to head down to the cell.

It wasn’t at all enjoyable to walk around with his bladder brimming. He was forced to continue gripping himself the entire way there, and his steps were slow and careful, each one planned out and deliberate. He was doing everything he could to avoid shaking the mass of liquid inside of him, but he was simply so full by that point that there wasn’t much he could do to ease the pressure.

He reached Light’s cell, unlocked it and entered. Light was still on the bed, trembling away as violently as he’d been doing the last several hours. L was kind of impressed that he was still hanging on after all this time, his crotch was visibly sodden, but the fact that he hadn’t exploded completely was surprising. “L—“ Light stammered breathlessly. “H—How about you just untie my feet? S—So I can cross my—“

“No,” L said, shifting on his feet and struggling not to look at the toilet. “You will remain restrained until I choose to free you.”

“But—“

“Light— This is… Quite an urgent matter now,” L said, coiling his legs together and pressing his hands down a little harder. He started to make his way towards the toilet. “My bladder is nearly at capacity, but I should be finished in around sixty seconds. Be patient.” L unzipped his pants and started to pull them down.

“You sit to—“

L got onto the toilet, perched in that peculiar way he always sat…

“A—Are you serio— Can’t you do that like a normal person?!” Light sputtered. “Your feet are bare!”

“You are better able to empty your bladder all the way if you crouch,” L informed. This was why he preferred Eastern-style toilets, this position was far easier to achieve with those. The release of his stream prompted a reaction from both of them. L’s spine shivered and he gave a soft sigh, tension draining rapidly from his lower body. Light gave another agonized, anguished wince, punctuated by the quiet hiss of one more momentary loss of control.

“Phew…” L exhaled.

“L—“ Light whined.

  “Light, I am trying to concentrate,” L said. He didn’t really NEED to do that, his bladder had pretty much just burst. He wouldn’t be able to stop for ANYTHING. He felt so much better, it was like he was in Heaven…

Light was in Hell. His haphazard plan was backfiring tremendously on him. He’d thought he’d be able to hold it while L went, he really had… But, he’d also thought L would at least free his hands first— Give him SOMETHING he could use to help keep his flood in. But, no. He had to sit there, barely able to squirm, forcing his sphincters shut on will-power alone, as he was forced to watch L do what he was DYING to do…

He was leaking at a constant rate while L peed. Not a lot, just a steady dribble that refused to stop. His eyes were beginning to burn and water from the strain.

It took L more than sixty seconds to finish, a fact which actually startled him. That had been almost a minute and a half. He hadn’t known he could hold that much, and didn’t want to ever try doing it again. He pulled his pants back up. “I apologize, Light, that was longer than I’d expected. I’ll get you untied now.” He knelt down, but Light started shaking his head.

“H—Hands first,” Light choked out.

L sighed and didn’t budge, “You should be happy I’m untying you at all.”

Light swore L was deliberately moving slowly, drawing out the process of freeing his feet. He kept demanding that the detective speed up, and L would only repeat that it would move a lot faster if Light held himself more still.

Once Light could move his feet, he crossed his legs together as tight as they would go. It wasn’t as helpful as his hands would have been, but it did manage to plug off his leaking at least.

L removed the bindings from Light’s hands and watched as they darted between his legs. But, Light just stayed on the bed, frantically clutching.

“Well?” L prompted. “If you need to go, do it now.”

“J—Just give me a—“ Light bit down against another ‘squeak’ as Ryuk had called them… “H—Hard to stand up—“

L gave another sigh and grabbed Light’s elbow, forcing him to his feet and prompting a hissing leak.

“Ah—!” Light struggled a further few steps to the toilet and unzipped himself. His clothes felt so sodden, still warm from his latest loss of control. How dare L reduce him to this…

He was dripping as he aimed, and gushing full-force before he’d even told himself to start peeing. Just like last time, he couldn’t stop himself from moaning, even with L right there to hear him do it.

And, right there to SEE him, too…

This was the first time Light had managed to get his stream started with L still staring at him. So far, he’d always needed L to look away for a second before he could begin peeing. This time, he must have been so desperate that it just hadn’t occurred to him. Fine. Just let L see how much he’d tortured Light today…

Light had never let out so much at once before, even his desperate release from the other day hadn’t lasted for this long. It seemed like it was never going to end, and it was making all of the muscles in his lower body go loose and jelly-like. It was actually a bit of a struggle to remain standing.

Light shivered as the last drops of liquid left him, he zipped his pants back up, now even more aware of how much he’d leaked into them. He really, really wanted to change, but he doubted L was going to let him. He’d have to wait for the wet spots to dry on their own, however long that ended up taking.

“One hundred and twenty-two seconds,” L said. His plan today really had been stupid, if Light could hold THAT much and still not completely wet himself, then L himself would never be able to hold it long enough to force out a confession. The only way he’d be able to try this again would be to wear the… ‘protection’ and then actually manage to make himself use it.

“What…?” Light asked. “One hundred and tw— What?”

“That is how long you were urinating for,” L informed.

Light stared back at him. Why was he keeping track of that?! Had he somehow deduced that Kira would have to have a large bladder? Was that the TRUE meaning of today’s torment? Kira was always watching for news of criminals, so L would assume that such a person wouldn’t have much time to take breaks, and would therefore be able to hold it for long intervals. So, it would make sense for Kira to have a large bladder, and Light had just demonstrated that HE had one…

“I need to tie you up again now,” L said. “Considering what your body just went through, I suspect you will be experiencing severe discomfort again fairly soon.”

Okay, so he was just… Thinking ahead about how this would affect Light… Wasn’t he? Any degree of ‘care’ from L seemed very unlikely, though. Perhaps, he was planning to force Light to hold it again when the time came.

L set to work putting Light’s restraints back on. “I’m going to have to instruct you to notify me right away, there is a chance of you becoming ill with some form of infection if you restrain like that again. If that were to happen, I would end up being called down here every twenty minutes. I think we’d both prefer to avoid that.”

That was the last thing L said before he left Light alone again.

Well… Mostly alone.

“I’ve never heard you make THAT noise before, either,” Ryuk said.

‘What noise…?’ Light thought.

Ryuk gave a ridiculous imitation of Light’s moaning. At least, Light HOPED it was ridiculous, he HOPED he hadn’t actually sounded like that.

“You kind of did it the other day,” Ryuk said. “But, you were a lot louder this time. I bet Misa was able to hear it from wherever they stuck her.”

Light laid down on the bed. He knew he had a tendency to be kind of… dramatic, but his moaning hadn’t been THAT noisy, right? If Misa HAD heard it… Misa would have enjoyed it way, WAY too much… He shuddered a little.

