The new DLC (Jackals Series)

Author: StormrReaper

*004*2018-09-13 04:18

Author's notes

Hey thank you again for reading this series. The first arc will end this chapter. Now before we begin u-10. The main antagonist for the upcoming part is the ONLY sub-boss to be on only 1 floor and is the ONLY sub boss I myself have not fought (being stuck on the 28th floor. I have also yet to face crowley or the 4th don. Out of 4million+ downloads only .5% of the downloaders have beat floor 40 aka the forth don. it is a challenge i want to climb. I did however watch a video of u-10's kit and abilities to make this like up better with the game. AGAIN. THIS GAME IS FREE ON PS4 AND ID GREATLY RECOMMEND TRYING IT OUT IF YOU LIKE THE SOULS SERIES. Suda 51 made this game along side, killer 7 and heros must die.

ALSO in let it die YOU are the main character and the owner is never revealed so i had to make up an asian sounding name on the fly. I like Yakashiro, it sounds formal

Prologue

Man I love college, attend only four days a week, little obligations, plus I can sleep in as long as I-

My internal monologue was cut short by the sudden buzzing of my cellular device.

"Hello"

"Hey Storm It's Mr. Yakashiro the owner of the Hater Arcade. Could you cover Ms.Detox today, She had an... incident on the way home from work last night. Seeing that out of our three regulars You're the only one not a complete and utter creep. I will remove your tab you owe for drinks.

"Alrighty sir When do you need me there?"

"In 10 minutes" He said as he hung up

10 minutes..... 10 minutes thats... holy shit! Thats like...groggy brain trying to process the analog clock.....two moves on the clock!

Hurrying to get dressed and run out the door *insert cliche toast in mouth run here*

I ran the 5 blocks it took to get to my normal hangout.

"Ahh... Storm, you made it, I was begining to worry" Mr. Yakashiro said with a devilish smile, unlocking the door and tossing me a name badge,

"This is your ship now, please... don't disapoint me he says in a voice that makes the blood that runs through my veins turn to ice water in Antarctica.

"Well no one else is here... might as well continue till someone needs me" I mutter to myself as I log in...

Chapter 3: How do I feel. Main Jackal MC. Jackal Z

Death Drive 128

Logging in please wait....

3...

2...

1...

Daily login Reward

1 Death metal,,,,

Login Rewards can be claimed from the reward box in the main game...

Beep....beep........beep.......

The only sound that mattered right now... That beeping. It meant Y was still alive. As long as I heard that noise, I could relax. But, I couldn't relax. My nerves shook in fear like a little girl who was separated from her mom at a village gathering. I wanted to cry. I dared not show weakness though. With the medics entering and exiting the white, claustrophobic room. The smell of bleach and disinfectants made her nose hurt.her chair, the monitors, and the bed where Y laid was all that could fit in here. I couldn't work in conditions as small as what these rooms were.

"Please be alright Y" Zhenga heard herself say aloud. Her tear clouded vision could still see the familiar shape enter the room. "Zhenga, get some rest, use the facilities, eat. Please do something other than sit in here. Its... a depressing sight." The man began. It was Mr. Yotsuyama .

"I should've been there" Was all I could muster.

"We can live in regret or live to accept that in our line of work casualties happen" He said coldly revealing what was hidden in his lab coat pocket. a small glock 17. The glock he'd gotten me for my fifth-teenth birthday.

"

I've seen X receive worse and you didn't flinch. What is Yoseph to you" He asked me with a certain look, the look of a father who saw his daughters tattoo ridden boyfriend for the first time.

"I... He's our partner. Our friend..."Z began to ramble scared of what he could do.

Pointing the gun at him he said cold enough to make ever muscle in my body want to cry out... But, I wasn't a little girl. I was an assassin, his assassin.

"If I were to shoot him, What would you do?"

"Feeling the dam burst from my eyes tears began streaming down my face.

"Please, sir....Don't!" Was all Z could muster.

"This failure must be paid for, if not by him then by wh-"He began before i cut him off

"ME!" I said sharply

"Pointing the gun at me he said three words that no man has ever said to me and lived to tell about "Open your mouth"

Complying I did feeling the cold metal enter my mouth. It tastes just like gunpowder or, as Y would've described it. The taste of eliminating a target.

He smiled as I stared into his eyes in defiance.

"Bang" he said as I felt something hit the back of my mouth. I gagged. and he laughed choking on an irony taste I spit out a flag

A FUCKING FLAG GUN!

Walking away he said "Let this serve as a lesson to you, Emotional attachments only lead to heartache, and will cloud your judgement during a mission. I won't forbid the union.However; If it comes between you two and a mission I will not tolerate failure because of your little love bird feeling"

After he left I punched the wall.

"Dammit" I said as I cried....

"Yoseph... your name is Yoseph..." I smiled grabbing his hand...

How do I feel about him, I know now... I loved him. I would die for him. His swagger, his confidence was something any woman would lust for, but even despite the hell we are forced to live through. I want him. I want a family. I want, for the first time in my life. I want to create life not destroy it.

Staff this is an emergency warning.... A U-10 (1) has escaped from the lab facilities and is running rampage. Emergency generators are within his rampage zone...

The voice was cut off as the lights started to dim

"NO! I thought to myself if the power goes out he will die!!! The machines providing a way for oxygen to reach his lungs would be turned off!

Grabbing my yo-yo I ran towards the elevator.

"Research labs are through the basement of this institution on the 37th floor for incase this happened it couldn't reach us or the civilians on the 41st floor!

Okay what do we know about u-10 She thought

He hates electricity,...errr...... I asume.... Given his direct connection to a symbiotic parasite that drains energy from the air...

Ding thank you for riding Mother Barbs express...el...iva...tor.... The voice cut off with the door half open. Squeezing through I began my search,

Bodies litter the ground like dying was the new fashion trend. Blood against every corner of the walls. The pipes were damaged. Everything was destroyed, She hoped she could find this cum guzzling bitch quickly and dispose of it.

"5 minutes" She said aloud. That's how much time she has till the hospitals reserves run out.

Following the blood she found her. the abomination up close and untamed was terrifying. Its organs on display like a trophy it wore the internal intestants of victims like a scarf. some sick trophy. It made her ill. She was no stranger to gore but, at least she showed those she killed enough respect to not mutilate their empty shells.

U-10's don't eat, this isn't for food. This is sport her mind was yelling at her.

Taking a bite out of a cateye shroom feeling the poison working causing her eyes to perceive 1000 frames per second she confronted the ghastly creature.

"Hey ugly cunt!" she yelled

"HAHA a new visitor! We like fun.... Killing is the best kind of fun... " it began dropping from its position on the ceiling to confront Z." We love the sound of slaughter and we can't spell slaughter without laughter!!! " the creatures maniacal laughter echoed through the halls. It was almost enough to scare Z. She just smiled she remember she was the baddest bitch in the tower this freak wasn't going to rape her of that title.

The fight began.

Lashing her yo-yo around the creatures tail she activated its blades and ionic wire to slice through the tail except... it wasn't cutting

Smiling in its deranged state it pulled her close punching her in the bladder. before throwing her to the ground.

She felt the familiar warmth fill her crotch and run down her legs. trying to get up she felt her momentum get pulled and pinned.

"OoOoHh, wheres that attitude we saw" u-10 began

Right... behind you" she managed before the sound of gunfire filled the room...

5, no 10, no 30 bullets filled the creatures skull

Looking up at her savior Z couldn't believe it.

X was standing there with his cocky ass smile.

"Awe whats wrong pretty lady, u-10 give you some problems.... Didn't your mom ever teach you to not bite off more than you can chew" he said offering me a hand.

" I knew your ugly ass wouldn't miss a chance to slaughter a creature more deadly than you" I laughed coughing up blood

"easy, your ribs are broken". he said picking me up. "that is unless u want your blood out of your body like your urine." he continued as he carried her.

He gave me a fluffyfungus, I t would allow me to sleep and let the doctors work.

"the, emergency power-" I began before he cut me off.

"already took care of it, Crowley is to thank for that... I convinced him to give me 1 favor in return I'd give him a collection of grenades. He is using his lightning wand to power the higher floors" Smiling he looked at me "Aren't I the greatest" He laughed arrogantly

"Yeah the best butcher a girl could hope for," I responded between bites before I lost consciousness all my mind could think was "Thank Mother Barbs, Y is going to live.

Placing Z in the elevator he pressed the button for the hospital floor. standing on the other side of the door he watched it rise up.

"This is why we work in a group" X muttered to himself as he waited for the Tactical Response Team's mechanic to arrive and for grunts to remove the abomination's corpse.

Sitting down he pulled out a flask. He had never been too keen on alcohol but, watching his sister and brother almost die... It made him want to experience something new... something of a greater sin that the mindless killing. complete and utter blackout drunk state.

1 hour later

Waking up Z looked around. Y was staring at her.

"Morning sunshine" he said.

She hugged him. The bloodium Iv hooked to her arm had healed most of the damage done by the u-10 she felt tears flowing down her cheeks

"Whoa whats wrong?" he asked

She slapped him

"Never EVER scare me like that again!" she said with a tone of relief in her voice

"I'm sorry Z-"He began, but she shut him up with something the hitman had never before received. A kiss out of pure love.

Grabbing her hands he accepted it... smiling internally... Z knew life was living hell. but, as long as he was with her.... she could go on... for another day at least.

END OF ARC 1

Example of a u-10 fight below

$iframe frameborder="0" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/BKX6b5f4dnE?feature=oembed"

*006*2018-09-14 08:27

Author's notes

Hey guys arc 2 is about to begin. now this part arc is a little bit weird. hahaha I know right, me writing something kinda off-putting. truth is. I had writers block... kinda hardcore, I've had the first arc written for about 3 days and just wasn't satisfied with it. Thanks to Melificentfan (shoutout) I was able to figure out what I wanted to do with Y. It may be hard to believe, but, he's actually my favorite character. Originally X was gonna get shot. But, i kinda figured with his personality he would like it too much. ALSO I want to say thank you for trying the game. The community grew 10 new members within the last 3 days. I'm not sure if its connected but given it stalled for 2 weeks at 4,444 people I say it didn't hurt any.

WARNING NO WETTING OR DESPERATION IN THIS STORY JUST PLOT DEVELOPMENT

Prologue

"Hey senpai.... Hello? Earth to the man wearing the Neuro-reality kit...." Uncle Death said waving his hands in from of the unresponsive gamer's face.

"Yo, Big D Daddy! Broseph! What's crackin my...." Mejin stopped seeing the infatuated Gamer.

"Man, my mom said too much T.V was bad for me... This ; THIS! takes the cake." He continued...

"Hey Mejin, hear what happened to Naomi, she totally pissed herself on the way home last night. I got it on video!"Uncle death exclaimed

""Whoa! Lemme see!" replied an excited Mejin, nose dripping at the thought of seeing that stuck up girl humiliated.

"Here, Check this out" Uncle death said laughing to himself.

Chapter 4: To forget it all would be a gift. Jackal MC: Jackal Y

Logining in.....

Please wait....

Daily Login reward....

Premium Drill Sergeant Decal....

Please collect rewards from the Main game's reward box....

"We need a medic over here" A voice screamed as gun fire bellowed out from defensive barricades.

A Red Cross soldier came running putting his hands against the bleeding mans artery. Watching the blood run through the medics fingers all Yoseph could think was

"It should've been me"

....

"Corporal Yoseph!" The girl! I'll cover you!" screamed the Lieutenant

Running through the lines of gunfire. desert sand blowing against my face scratching every inch of exposed skin. This was worse than any shattered glass I'd walked through as a child.

She smiled at me... and pulled the cord...

Everything went white.

.....

"Can you hear me Yoseph" The doctor began. "We managed to remove the shrapnel but; there was permanent damage. The section of the brain that determines what memories are saved was destroyed."

"Whats that mean doc?" I asked

"That means you will never forget anything. every second of your life will be played back like a video; however, the brain wasn't designed to store that much information. We don't know how long it will take. Eventually though, you will collapse... When that happens, no one can save you"

....

He awoke with a start to the sound of breathing grabbing his handgun he looked around... "Someone's in my bed, sleeping.!"I thought to myself.

Standing up pointing the gun at the hidden silhouette under-the-covers ready to blow this creep away. Revealing the intruder. "What's wrong Yoseph? A familiar voice rang out from under the covers. It was Z.

The memories can flooding back like a freight train on ice. unable to stop. The horrific things he witnessed as a soldier, as a freelance hitman. the warzones, The families ripped apart by his hands. More importantly, however, was the recent truth that Z had been hiding all along. "She loved him" He said under his breath.

"Sorry Z..err... Zhenga..." he started "I need some air" Getting dressed he put his mask on. He remembered when the atmosphere wasn't toxic. When a baby wasn't forced to be born with lung issues from the doomspores clouding every breath you take. That is, if they were lucky and not stillborn from the solar radiation the Earth Rage allowed to be let past the atmosphere.

Putting the Mary Jane cigar up to his mouthpiece he inhaled deeply. Holding the rich fruity, yet skunk like flavour in his mouth he said aloud to himself "Blueberries"

"You're up early." Mr. Yotsuyama said leaning against the rail beside Y facing the sunrise

"Couldn't sleep" I replied quickly

"Memories again" He asked

"Yes, sir" I answered.

"I wanted to ask you something" He said

"Go ahead, worst I'll do is shoot you." I replied

"Haha that's exactly what I'm afraid of" He replied "What do you think of Zhenga's sudden emotional attachment" He continued.

"In all honesty sir, I think it was always there. I'm not ignorant or blind to emotions. I don't know what made he suddenly realize that was why she followed my orders. Whatever it was, I've never seen her smile as much as she has in the last few weeks." I said questioning the response I gave.

His next words chilled me in a way that only a father could

"I don't exactly forbid the union, BUT, if you so much as make a tear escape her eye, I will not hesitate to accidentally let the GBR find out exactly where in the tower you are." He said walking off.

"So long Yoseph" He said over his shoulder. taking a drag off a cigar as he walked off,,,, wait.... HOW THE FUCK! That was MY CIGAR. That man was crafty, ghastly crazy, and above all else the physical embodiment of evil. The only man that could ever compete for the title of "The devil himself" was X. X is a fucking lunatic. He made the mad scientist look like a saint sometimes. especially; when I have to go through his.... "Play dungeon". Never again will I witness the atrocities I saw in there.

Sighing he sat down. How did he feel about Z's confession. He didn't know what to think. His parents abandoned him to an orphanage that trained terrorist. Rescued by the Chinese military he would later join them. Proving that he was the best marksman in China was easy to him. he would use his resources in the special forces to track down and kill those horrid people, he had to consider his parents. Only by birth maybe. The satisfaction he felt in their death would lead him down the road to be an assassin for the chinese military before killing his only friend and commanding officer with the decision to try to save a little girl in iraq. Luckily only a third of the explosive charges actually went off. She was a walking warhead otherwise.It was through his death. That I was able to receive a donor lung to replace the one destroyed beyond repair. three weeks he would lie unconscious in that medical coma.

He's often been asked what the afterlife looks like, being legally dead for 5 minutes before miraculously recover, and stabilize. He knows only one thing. He isn't going to heaven. He saw eternal flames, searing flesh, it looked like something out of a B rate gore flick on steroids before an indie convention.

Focusing his eyes on the courtyard below him he saw soldiers training with bone tubers, and rejected coens. The philosophy was if they could beat a reject they could handle the real thing... "Yeah right" Y muttered under his breath. Half of these soldiers would die in the training drills the other half would end up screamer food. watching one man be ripped in half and the intestines fly out like confetti from a birthday party. He wasn't feeling the torture today. He pulled out his gun...

Bang

The Coen dropped. The men cheered thinking they dropped the monstrosity. He smiled. "How do I feel about Z" He said to himself. "I would die for her."

Walking back to the corridor that connected the three jackals rooms. they had a Y shaped floor. Each end of the Y was a room. X's was the farthest away, but closest to the courtyard. Walking past him door he heard a woman screaming and laughter coming from behind the door.

By now Y knew better than to intervene in X's fun last time he was lucky to make it out with only damaged pride and a haunting memory.

Walking down the stone stairs etched into the tower he made his way down the the central plaza. As he called it. Battle ground 1. This was where the hell began. Where the machines Mr.Yotsuyama had tore the earth apart. "I could've stopped it"

Looking at the grand clock inscribed to an old oak tree it was after 7 am now. His day, was only beginning. This was a day, that none of them will ever forget.

End of chapter 4

*008*2018-09-16 04:54

Hey guys as always thank you for reading I hope you enjoy.

Also warning this chapter is very much sexual and not intended for certain readers, and this is a fictitious if the fbi show up to my house I'm blaming you susan!!!!!

Prologue

"Hmm I dunno broskey, I think Bro-cha-do finally kicked the bucket" Mejin said

"hahaha, not yet" Uncle death replied

"How do you know?" Mejin asked

"Because, his erection is twitching every few seconds as if it was being stimulated by the neuro-connection to the game." Ms. Detox said

"Super like creepy. Like, Mega emo creep, stalker cradle robbing creepy" she coldly continued

Chapter 5: The mind of a madman. Main Jackal| Jackal X

Logging in please wait....

3...

2...

1...

Daily login reward...

1 golden pillbug

Please collect all rewards from the main game's reward box...

Thank you...

....

Let it die....

The same routine. wake up... slice a throat. Go to work... slice two throats. Going to sleep... slice my own damn throat." I muttered to myself...

Walking past the adjacent rooms his teammates were now sharing. I guess chicks dig a man who has sex with death's sweet release. only to pull the "one night stand card" and survive. I'm jealous... Not about Y and Z, despite how weird he felt about it... We were basically unrelated siblings. last few years of non-stop battles, missions, and operations within the tower. I guess it was natural eventually our bonds would develop to something. I just never imagined she'd go full on puppy dog on them. after all Zhen...Zen.... what was her real name again? Zemboski??? No, I think that was a boy band... one I got very.... touchy feely with...and that's a metaphor for murder....I bet you thought I was a pervert left brain.... and guess what...That's also a metaphor, for my penis.... yeah who's the pervert now. Still me? DAMMIT!

He saw Mr. Yotsuyama and Y talking against the rail. Sighing about his normal dumping of body parts spot being occupied he returned to his quarters. Inside he was greeted by the fragrance of cheap cologne, lavender candles, dry cleaning, but, his personal favorite: decomposition. Gods rigor mortis more like rigor more of this... Ever since he discovered the cheap and easy torture simply holding your bladder could be he'd grown semi-addicted to it. The feeling of bursting. Like a rowboat taking too much water. to be pushed to the point of exasperation. then be granted an ultimate bliss. He loved it.no he needed it.

He loved to implement it into his nightly fun. See he is a sociopathic sadist. no more no less, he loved capturing fighters thinking that they'd be sneaky and climb at night. tie them up... and rape them, humiliate them. diapers, salt dildos, anything and everything to destroy, mutilate, corrupt, and break these adventurous prideful women. It however; was growing rather tame for him. He'd had the doctor create a V.R training simulation where he would battle himself. The catch, he felt all the pain he caused the other him. I adore it. Slice my own damn throat before bed then finally after the blood to the elder beasts has been spilt he could rest. Alcohol didn't fix his problems only made him more aggressive. When he randomly shot the cook because his chocolate pie was "So black a Kardashian wanted to marry it"

"It tasted better once the blood poured on it anyway" Xavier argued with himself.

Inserting his I.D into the computer he read through the dossier of his newest target, this one was different than normal. instead of collect bodies from point A to point B it was something else. He could only smile at what the objective meant. He, was getting a new cum dumpster. after all, any woman would, or should want his strong and powerful genes to be mixed with their less impressive X chromosomes. He was not sexist. He just saw more females dead in the tower than men. once floor 10 was cleared it seemed like it was only males. so this meant only .5% of the women who challenge the first don are victorious. or Men, are just luckier.

Ring...ring...ring...

"Hello" I stated into the cold metal receiver

"Ahh, Xavier, good. The cold, uncaring diabolic voice responded on the other side.

"Of course it's this face fuck. "X thought to himself.

"You read your dossier?" He asked

"Yes report to the South African Republic and extract the newest batch of meat shields."I replied

"Yes, and this time please don't pick one of the sick and sent for treatment girls. For your, sexual deviancy" Mr. Yotsuyama said scoldingly

"I would never" I replied

"Reaallyy, I'm pretty sure last time you took one of the terminal patients then said... AND I QUOTE "All she needs is some vitamin D"" He said laughing into the phone. X could feel the air from his laughter as if the crazed psycho was behind him.

"That ain't me doc" I replied in my best saintly voice.

"No? Then I guess I better fire my contact in the S.A.R, after all he reported that was your exact words to him." He said inhaling deeply before hanging up...

As soon as the buzz kill hung up X grabbed his blade headed out to his flight.... "I know we said that, but, what was I supposed to do, she was begging for release.... So i released her... in my way" X said aloud as he boarded the incredibly loud plane.

Logging out please wait...

3...

2...

1...

'PULL!" Naomi yelled as she and mejin yanked the headset off the young gamer's face.

"Who?" I began as I looked around in bewilderment

"Welcome to the afterlife Bro-ski" Mejin said laughing

"What happened? How is it already 5 am I came in like 18 hours ago!" I said

"Yeah and you were mentally sucked into the game" Naomi replied.

"I didn't feel sucked in." I replied

"No? You sure felt something!" mejin said laughing at my crotch, which was stained white after living Y's ... intimacy with Z.

Blushing profusely I grabbed the change of clothes Mejin gave me..

All my mind could think about were the new memories I had...

Y's life. I didn't understand it. but, for some reason... when i saw through Y's eyes it was as if I was looking through my own. neither X nor Z made him feel that way.

After changing and eating one of Naomi's....eerrhmm "edible" meals she made for me...

I had Uncle Death use his grim reaper unexplained plot convenience like a semi on a crowded sidewalk, powers. He said my brain seemed fine and it should be safe for me to continue. but, if it felt too real to... ease off and get some, real air. I plugged back in. I needed to see what monstrocities X had going on for this mission..

Logging in...

3...

2...

1....

Let IT DIE!!!

Exiting the aircraft he looked spotted his contact. Uncle Sam himself. Mr.Johnny fucking Gronk U.S confederation's own ambassador to the South African Republic

"You got my package?" I asked indeferency obvious in my voice.

" Yes 1,000 males, ages 18-21. 800 ready to begin immediate training for Mr.Yotsuyama. Then, 200 ill that are willing to donate themselves for experimental research." Mr. U.S.A said.

"The females?" I asked

"500 ready for training in their occupation, which, I was given explicit orders 1 of them is to go with you for... reassignment?" he asked

"Yes, "I replied "And the unhealthy ones?"

"250 in late term pregnancy going for the chance of curing the atmospheric affects on newborns causing sti- " I cut him off before he can finish

"Fine, whatever and the ones for donation and experimentation?"

"Again 250" He replied

"Hand me the order form to sign" I said putting a huge X in my own blood on the paper.

"Pleasure as always Xai-Jing" He said walking off

"Fucking american digging into people they don't control. Contemplating erasing this man's existence, he figured that'd be more paperwork and didn't feel like it he had all the toys on the aircraft. time to pick his favorite.

Walking up and down the cryo-containment units he saw several different women. Some pale and ginger, beautiful yet snobbish looking. Then he saw her. she had fair skin, pleasant blue eyes with rings of green circling the pupil. Her hair was brown as a log. her petite frame was like a lollipop to a babies mouth he read the tag.

"Cancer. Stage 1. Heart cancer"

He wanted her. he didn't feel the normal sick and twisted fantasies with her. This was something else. normally even if they'd die on the way back he would remove them from the pod to "test drive them" He didn't instead he pocketed the tag and signalled for the plane to take off. he would follow in a chopper.

"What is this feeling" I kept asking myself. I want to fuck her brains all over my wall. But, Its deeper.. I want to hear her voice. feel her skin. hold her, protect her. I shook these thoughts out of my head

"I think I'm catching a cold" I said to the soldier in front of me

His blank dead eyes were all the response I needed. Even if mr. Yotsuyama saved her, even if she survived the soldier training. She would die. He wasn't going to let her go through the hell of the tower. no, Z had Y. Now, it was time for X to find V. Smiling to himself. This was the day. The day that Mr. Psycho tried to care about another. Knowing he was most likely going to shoot her in the head the first chance he got. At least temporary maybe, he could feel happiness, instead of bloodlust. "Who knows, maybe" he began muttering to himself. "Maybe; she's as crazy as me"

Feeling the vibrations of the chopper he drifted into a light sleep. horrific images of death and decayed filled his dreams, but after all, this was his paradise.

End of chapter 5

*010*2018-09-17 05:28

Author's notes

Hey guys as always thanks for reading. now X is asian Xai-Jing is his real name. Xavier is a cover name. Similar to how Yoseph is Y's real name but, X doesn't know that. no one knew until Mr. Yotsuyama told Z. Y is british. that's how i imagine him. i dunno why. Z is South African. she is paler than most but still very much from that gene pool. kinda wanted to clear that up in case there was any confusion.

Chapter 6 part 1: I want to believe, Mulder! Jackal MC. Y.

Logining in...

3...

2...

1...

Please wait...

Error...

Connection to neuro-uplink was not established....

Retrying....

3...

2...

1...

Daily Login bonus

Golden Dragonshroom

Please collect all rewards from the reward box in the main game.

"Jackals, this is important please listen" The small bodied scientist began. We have created a new weapon for the three of you. Please use this next mission as a chance to find flaws and areas we can improve the weapon. Now, please retrieve your new gear from the silver chests with your names on it. They walked up to their chests a loud unanimous click echoed through the small metal room.

"Fucking lick my balls till the decay!" X exclaimed pulling out what looked like a a hand stapled onto a mahogany staff. It was, a flame wand. This item had very low charge amounts, however; if it wasn't strong enough to melt, sear, or incinerate the target. then fuck it and use it as a bat.

"How do you like my nails Y?" Z asked smiling. She had received some diamond claws dripping with toxic venom. 1 slash was enough to lethally poison any opponent. Be it man, beast, or monstrocity.

They look good on you" I replied ducking under a fireball, to pick up a large suitcase. clicking it up I was filled with what felt like electric currents of excitement.It was a duke brand sniper rifle. as soon as his hand touched the stock of the powerful rifle, its neuro imprint connected to his visor. he could see down the scope without actually looking down it. This would be useful.

"X what the hell are you doing?!" Z screamed as he shot fire too close for comfort between them. "Sorry princess, your humble servant wants blood!" X replied

Their bickering was lost on Y. He held the sniper feeling the influx of memories he had tried so hard to forget. The child bomber, the loss of his only friend. killing the Queen. Shooting terrorist leaders from kilometers away with eaze. but, this sniper made his older models look like a child's toy..He could stand at the top of the tower and snipe a spider on the ground it was so accurate.

Cough cough

My attention was drawn back into the room.

"As Mr.Yotsuyama's orders directed it seems like a Jin-die has escaped the tower and is headed for the village several clicks away. This is no normal Jin-Die though. She has been seen turning living people into mindless husks killing, butchering, and destroying everything in their path. ETA till arrival at the first village is 1 hour. get to the chopper team." She finished clasping a fist over her heart as she bowed, preceded out the door with no closing remarks. It didn't matter. The fact of the matter is; after all this time the boss was only just now giving them some new toy. This clearly meant there was more to this than what she, or they knew about.

Insert helicopter noise here

"Okay Y we want you in the chopper to monitor the situation from above we will try to lure the Jin-Die to a clearing and you can take the shot. The pilot said through his headset"

X and Z exited and proceeded into the thick brush. after losing sight of them I could feel the cold grip of worry setting in. "What if it's too strong, what if she dies." I push these thoughts out of my head. I have one job. To take the shot. can I do it?

I have to. for her. for me. to maybe believe what was never meant to be.

Chapter 6 part 1 end

Ending remarks please read!

Shorter chapter this time. going into the operating room tomorrow to have the first set of medical work done idk when i'll be out so i figured I'd post the first half of chapter 6 now and the other half when i get home tomorrow night. sorry for the inconvenience

*012*2018-09-20 08:03

Author's notes

So, I've been staring at this screen for 2 days. I'm worried because I'm not that good at writing action. and 15 deleted notepad versions later I said fuck it. And I spent a whole 24hours straight sitting in my chair. writing one word every 15 minutes because I was going to complete this god damn chapter and continue the arc!!!

With that said

Also the first little section is kinda part of a future arc. It isn't important right now. but will be.

Reader's may not find content suitable for some mentally unstable people. A warning is advised!

Chapter 6.2 If I don't fight, what am I? Main Jackal MC| Zhenga

"Please.... Don't go" She pleaded

"I have to, there is no other way" He said as he closed his eyes for the final time.

Gunshot.

Sobbing

Second gunshot

She turned off the camera broadcast. Feeling her bile rise up her throat. "I'm going to be sick" She said to herself in the quiet room. Mr. Yotsuyama sent her this from the morning group of people entering the tower for riches. Only with the caption "Love causes waste". Retching up what little breakfast she had eaten. It was odd. normally she wouldn't think twice about eating several servings of food for breakfast the smell, churns her stomach like a volcano filled to the brim waiting to explode with force. Bacon was awful right now, she couldn't figure out why, Anything that was a greasy, fatty, otherwise savory meat just didn't sit well. Especially after she wakes up. It feels like something was playing her intestines like a banjo in the swampland.

"Z...?" X said with a slight hint of concern in his voice. "I'm fine" Zhenga lied. She had watched a man and woman kill themselves to prevent letting the tower corrupt their souls. How in Mother of Barbs is she supposed to be fine. All she could think about was what if... What if Yoseph died? Now that they were official... Could she really go back to normal if he left?

The plan was simple

X and I are to engage, a high tier Jin-die. Lead it to the indicated clearing, away from the village. then Y was to blow this worthless waste of human parts into oblivion. Easy? well, no. jin-die out of all the "Higher monstrosities" were the smartest. They learn constantly through the cameras installed onto their skin. even when they slept their cybernetic brain functioned. Processing information like a meat covered computer. To bad Mr.Yotsuyama didn't leave its capability for emotions behind, what who was she kidding. HE doesn't even have feelings. how could he not take something away he doesn't possess. All in the name of research.. Ha my asshole would be raw if he got whipped for all the lies he tells. Like what he did to me.

"Okay, X You go from the front, I'll take this bitch's anal virginity with my claws. you burn those cameras off." I told him

"So double penetration? Got it... always wanted to be a crazy taint sandwich." He replied charging at the beast head on

"Fucking moron" She sighed.

Watching X's movements his body language she could tell something was wrong. he seemed slower. like he had something else distracting him. wait. Was he grabbing his crotch? watching the battle unfold. Barrages of skulls shot out of her chest destroying everything, be it plant, animal or machine. X was too fast to be hit by those. after a few shots she would rip out more skulls to fire. He would slice off a camera. The dirty Taint of rotting flesh would cloak.

X stopped dead grabbing his crotch. "X are you alright?" I asked over the headset

"Gotta piss like a sailor who had too much to drink on shore leave" he replied.

She uncloaked and fired. X jumped back. landing out of harms way stepping behind a tree right in front of the clearing she could see X clearly. He had a baseball sized wet patch. every step, every maneuver, every roll, sidestep, everything. he was leaking. did he just smile?

He took a big breathe then the flood gate opened. it was slow with the required motion. but the patch expanded. slowly running down his leg onto the soft; already dampened grass. The smile was; after a while, replaced with a look of satisfaction.

The queen of STD's would fire her gun, X would slice off three cameras.

"NOW!" He screamed as the jin-die backed up

I ran out digging my toxic claws into the ugly whores back she cloaked, following the blood. She looked over her shoulder to X, who was inspecting the damage. Noticing her staring he just gave a thumbs up and proceeded to chase that cunt.

"Y get ready she's headed straight for the clearing" I said,

" I got her on thermal, waiting for the signal" He replied.

The horrid figure screamed uncloaking for the last time being to charge her rail gun. organic matter began pressurizing in the creatures gun.

"X get back" I yelled it was too late he took a direct blow to the side. his armor shattered and he slithered behind a stump

Shooting the red flare into the sky

Whoosh

Bang

The beast's head exploded into tiny bits of flesh and gore. it was like that one Sl*yer song... Raining Blood (1). Running to X's side I heard laughter....he was laughing.

"He's really lost it now" I muttered to myself

Wheeze

"Hahahahaha Did you see that bitches face before she lost her head. Hahaha - I'm Sooooo happy i got that frame by frame before she hit me!"

"Are you alright?" I asked

"Been worse he said, I could've been sitting with you and Y during a romantic movie" he said smiling through his cracked helmet.

Sending the green flare into the sky I helped X stand. Thankfully the blast dried up the urine stain. Plus, She wasn't going to rat him out. The dude survived a railgun with little damage. A broken rib at the most. He was as strong as a Nemean Lion

Once the chopper landed Y assisted X into the chopper medics surveyed his wounds saying, "He needed to get out more, without vitamin D His body wasn-." The medic began before getting pushed off the chopper during take off by X

"Like hell I'm taking vitamin Dick"

"I think he meant like oranges and sunlight" Yoseph replied

He looked at me, "I'm glad you're safe." He said

"obviously" I replied. He rubbed my head and X vomited out of the chopper "Dude, you two torture me-"X began

"It's Karma" Y and I said together.

We all laughed.

When was the last time the three of us laughed together. It feels like ages ago.. The earth rage was fresh and we were banking in from being on the right side. I don't remember what we found funny, But, hearing X laugh this much in one day,,, He must've gotten a new toy.

"You're in a good mood for a dead man" I said

"Yeah. I guess you could say, I'm turning a new leaf" He said

"You mean breaking in a toy right?" Yoseph asked

"Half right, I did get a new toy. Except. I don't feel bloodthirsting lust like normal. I look at her, this frail young woman.... " He started before he became quiet.

"Yo, Earth to X" I said...

ZzZzZzZz Snore zZzZz

He was gone. The snoring we heard must mean his suit's healing kit had kicked in.

"X with a heart" Y muttered to himself.

I grabbed his hand

"There are people for everyone, even monsters like us." I said kissing him on his cheek before resting against his shoulder wrapping his arm around me we fell asleep. Mission debriefing would be a pain in the ass as always.

Epilogue

Noises of the forest around him

"Uhh.. guys?" The lone medic said through his headset...

Gunshot

"Leave no evidence" Mr. Yotsuyama said staring at the screen.

(1) Idk if I could get a copyright strike so i censored the band name.... its Slayer if you didn't know...

*014*2018-09-30 02:11

Authors notes

Hey, guys sorry this chapter took longer than expected. I've been in and out of the hospital doing tests and I had to stay overnight a few times. Do you know how awkward it can be writing eroge with a dude sitting beside you trying to stare over your shoulder? finally I gave up and used the time i had at my place to write. anyway... I beat crowley yesterday... omg I wrote his character soo wrong, but we gonna roll with it. faced u-10 for the fist time too... i got my butt hole raped like a squirrel trying to take a horse cock....

Prologue

"Yo, Senpai did you see the patch notes for the main game?" Uncle death asked me while eating some ramen. Watching the noodles fall out of his skeletal frame was enough to make even Mejin quit eating with us.

"Yeah, they accidently broke the sniper" I replied

"No-no-no. not that, I mean the part where they made the Death Drive 128's most famous game PC compatible.... Could you imagine playing this without a controller?" Uncle D responded quickly

"It is what it is, the P.C elitist out there will review the game poorly because they don't wanna Git Gud" I say making air quotes with my fingers.

"are you playing that odd dlc still" I asked him

"Nah bro, I beat it yesterday, it was only 1 chapter long." he said

Impossible, I've had like 8 chapters so far, i thought to myself as I tossed my good ol' cup noodles into the trash can. Plugging in to the death drive I booted up the incredible game.

Chapter 7| I will kill you doc| Main Jackal. Xavier.

"X, good to see you" Mr. Yotsuyama said as I entered his depressing lab. The cyro-tanks lined up the walls. frozen people, frozen corpses, frozen test samples all worthless to me.

"You already know why I'm here" I say handing him the ticket for the girl I picked out.

"Ahh, yes I noticed her tag was gone, didn't you learn last time you can't cure terminal illness with "Vitamin Dick""? He asked

"Yes, I'm not going to cure her. You are." I replied

Turning his office chair around to look at me he smiled "What in the name of mother barbs makes you think that I will do this for you?" He asked

"If you don't you may find some internal organs in your food causing you to get infections" I replied

"Please, Xavier I SLEEP with corpses and rotting flesh on the daily, if that was gonna kill me it would've done it long ago" He replied laughing maniacally

He handed me a bottle of prescription pills "Give these to her daily for a year. if she survives the tower's toxic substances that long with only standard filtration masks it will cure her. It's experimental. But, it's shown promise when given over long periods of time to assist cardiovascular cancer patients heal and overcome their struggle." He said turning back to his computer lowering her cyro -tank with the use of robotics.

I walked over to the young, beautiful ginger's tank. entering the 12 digit pin on the tag the freezing chemicals began to spew out like teargas from a croakstool. Her eys shot open and she screamed pounding against the glass. I grabbed the handle twisted it and opened the contaner

Boom

My ears began ringing as I dropped to a knee. The bitch just punched me. Feeling an impact against my ribs. Exhaling all the air in my lungs and throwing me against the ground.

"Wh-who is you?" She asked in broken english

"My name is X. I'm a soldier of fortune within the Tower of Barbs. Where we currently are. Do you remember your name?" I asked

"Sol" She quickly replied

"Sol, like the norse goddess, I like that" I replied

"Listen Sol, in about 10 seconds your body's gonna expel its contents retained during the-" I began as she hopped off running for the trash can barely making it before to retching sound filled the room.

I watched in glee as her bladder gave out next, warm yellow liquid seeped through her white shorts under her light cyan sundress. it was slow at first then, like a dam losing all its strength during a flood. shot out of her crotch with the force of someone who drank too much coffee that morning.

Her face bright pink in embarrassment, gave subtle hints of pleasure.

"I am so wanking to this sight later" I thought to myself.

Seeing her pale skin glistening with urine my brain screamed at me to force myself on her. but, yet, there was a part of me that argued with it. Is this what people call a moral dilemma?

I stood up walking over to her, grabbing a towel and a clean set of the doctor's clothes out of the makeshift closet he had in the lab for when he was too lazy to leave the lab.

"Here change into this, I'm going to cure you, and protect you I said offering her my hand. she grabbed it. it was then i noticed she didn't vomit food, it was blood. this girl is dying but, that's not going to stop me from trying to save her.

If I can save just one life, maybe that will help balance out my karma and put me in the deepest part of hell instead of the throne.

"Are you two love birds done? I have lots of work to do. the three mission reports you jackals filed. So, leave. NOW" Yotsuyama yelled at us without turning his head.

"Doc,I began after she exited the room in front of me, If you let her die, I will kill Z, and you" I finished

Leaving the room helping my prize to my quarters,

End of chapter 7
