Seashell tide

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*000*2021-11-21 21:18

I hope it's gonna be a story with a lot of chapters, I really love it. It contains nothing really triggering for now i guess so no warnings this time, have a good read, but carefull, it's a bit long maybe. Also sorry for my bad english, I've tried my best at this story, unlike others I'm gonna go more in details rather than briefly explaining what happens.

I'm still seeking my unique, original, eccentric writing style and type, so maybe this is only a structuration test.

Vesta is a goodgirl, most of the time. Her orange reddish hairs well kept in a ponytail, her face is cleaned every morning, she shower everyday, she does her homework, she do dishes and stuff sometimes...

She lived with her aunt and her exhusband for a long time by then, before he left her, so she's with a new boyfriend now. Her mother left her to her aunt when she had to leave far away, very far away, when she was only a young kid. She can't remember her face or her voice, all she knows from her is stories her auntie Fairye tells her. And her father, well, no one knows about him.

She is shy, a bit reluctant to do anything without help, going to school have been a pain for her. It's hard to not be with her auntie, as they are very close, she's always afraid to lose her.

Vesta is skinny, she is 20 years old by now, but she still fit in the same clothes she had some years ago as a lateteen, she stopped growing about 160cm tall, and her weight is around 50kg.

After her job on partial time she relaxes, she is not really interested in anything but playing video games and doing biking, and that made her legs a bit muscular, but anyway she is not strong in anything. She is even a bit gloomy in overall.

But today is gonna change her a bit.

She's been playing meanless videogames all the day. It is 3:48pm, and her stomach is nearly empty, already have done integrating her lunch. She have habits to eat a little snack for 4pm, so she's always not very concentrated and a bit hungry by that time around, and she feels so bored. She don't do that funny or concentrating stuff otherdays, but today she feels so much bored. So she shout her computer close and looks around on her bed she actually is, layed on her belly.

Since she go to the toilet at each lunch, each 4 hours, her bladder is not much empty right now. She goes before lunches otherwise she usually can't decide that it's time to go to the restroom. Vesta is very strange when she have to go, she don't exactly know why but she likes having to go. If she don't go on her schedule times like some months ago before she started to behave, she can't do anything but continue to make herself hold as much as she can. It usually happened that a bit would leak on her gaming chair, on the couch or elsewhere, but she kept herself uncaught by now.

She gets a bit up to kneeling position and look down at the black leggings she's wearing. For the top she got a white shirt. Under them Vesta got a darkred panty and a bra of the same color.

'What if I wet myself a tiny bit?' She asks herself in her mind. 'No one would know right?'

Vesta tries to relax a bit. Her bladder is awakening and it's quite working, she still don't need to go, but she senses the liquid inside her lowerbelly being less and less retrained by the muscles of her pelvic area.

With her occasionnal holding-too-much habit, she never go to bathrooms that aren't home. So days at beach, camping, a travel in a lowcost cruise or train rides, all this places, she could manage to hold it enough until going back home, or she peed in the water of the pool or the sea, a river, or a cropfield, behind rocks and trees in the middle of a forest... Some afternoon at a beach Vesta tried to wet herself laying on the sand as much as she could. It was one of her games or challenges she likes to do too with holding, it is sexually arousing of course, but there is so much things and sensations deeper in her than making her horny. That afternoons were very pleasant for her. As soon as she felt a need to do, she done. Her bladder isn't shy anymore now. But she never enters the public restrooms. She done it once a while ago, and they were dirty, Vesta never got the will to go in anyone after that.

So, right now on her bed, with her naughty plays and games with her bladder and needs, it's easy to try to pee without having to. After maybe up to 6 seconds after she started to relax she begin to feel a bit of a move of the liquids down there. She don't expect a need to strike now, as she didn't felt anything before she initiate her playings.

The tube of her inner pipes seems to get enlarged a tiny bit, as she's able to relax more and more her pelvic. She sigh and take deep breaths breathing slowly and thinking about rives, as it helps getting her going easier.

But after a while nothing comes out.

"Come-on, just a bit." She smiles, talking to herself.

Vesta spread her legs bit by bit, as she don't need to go, she's gonna need a little help of a special position. Until she's almost at her maximum joints turning limit, which are not flat 180° but still, she proceed to move her legs further from eachother in this movement of unfolding.

The moment she stop moving at her full extension, she feels something lining up, down her pipes, almost surprised, she reseize control of her muscle, afraid to let go too much or underestimating the following flow, she straighten herself and her legs back to kneeling, as she does she clenches her pelvic so hard that it stop most of the drops ready to take off of her slit, but some land in her panties. She smiles and begin to feel really naughty by that point.

Vesta gets up and pull down her leggings, for a proper panty inspection. She observe the tiny mark of the recent liquidity contact with the material of her underwear, and she find it ridiculous. Then she get it up again, pulling it up her waist until a cameltoe could be seen if it were not so dark.

She tries to relax again as she wanna get another treat of the pile of adrenaline she's high with now, relieved by the tiny release, making her feel so strange and much things now. She would like to rub herself into orgasm, mindlessly flooding her leggings, applying one of her auntie's panty liners to see if it could ever hold all the tiny rest she have right now in her, or all of that at once...

She can't decide to do that. It's way too naughty right? She's not a bad girl. She's a good girl. She's just needy sometimes, she can't help it, what could she do?

After a long moment, nothing happens. She can try to breaths deeply again, spread her legs standing up, no, she feel she could almost do, but she can't go.

So she tries new things. She lean on like to stretch her back, trying to touch her toes, it helps a bit, but it's not enough. Then she lay on her bed and tries to remind some wet dreams. Same, it's doing a bit of work, but each time the liquid start to get back from her pipe as soon as she hope she's finally gonna drop a tiny bit and relax less enough than needed.

"Come-on, just a tiny bit more darling, it's fine!" She mutter to her cunt.

After maybe 10 seconds, she place her computer on her desk and reopen it, maybe trying to fool her brain will work better, before she would give up and go back to her pc with her medium satisfying tiny wetmark, she decide to stand back on, and tries to relax one more time.

As she is in front of her desk and she stare at the desktop of her computer, which brand a screenshot of her racecar in a game, she focus on it and remind herself the feeling of her full bladder after a race, with a bit of sweat everywhere around her skin, and how much she wanna go as she is well hydrated to really have to go after that sport session. She could concentrate surprisingly well, and she felt tingles in her pipe, which always means 'there is gonna be something that will come out of there soon'.

She feel a tiny drop pointing out from her urethra, leaving her slowly. She felt her clitoris getting tingles too, which is really turning her on, or maybe she's getting aroused and it makes her hard, whatever the actual order of that happens no one knows, but she feels her hardening inner clitoris' limb and wings getting filledup by warm blood, engorged with excitation and need, almost aching to be touched and to release her buildup stress, sadness, angryness, and loneliness of the halfweek.

Maybe in a moment of inattention caused by the excitement of the situation, or maybe because of underestimating the upcoming strength of the flow as she's being stubborn to fully relax, but what is sure is that she abruptly let out a wide spurt, not soflty or slowed at all, and it hits her panty in an alarming hissing sound. She open her mouth in surprise of the force of the event, and clumsily tries to reawake her muscles.

"Ohhh... Uhhh... Mhhh..." She loudly moan in the sweet relief, totally unprepared and unconscious of what's going to happen.

The next moment her bladder frankly awakes and push as hard as it never could, under total surprise of its host, Vesta, that could not see that coming, as she wanna stop, since she is certainly rather plenty wet by the first strong spurt. She can surely try to, but it's too late and as the flow begins, it's like her muscles decided to not work more than barely today, letting the liquid gushing freely after a barely efficient hold of herself. After a moment, she give up, or at least her naughty self take over her, and let it go just more harder, like if it was needed.

There she is, forcefully, noisely and loudly wetting herself, with this geniunely uncontrolled flow going right through her panty and already wetting her tighs inside her leggings, her muscles affirming to her brain that they are doing their best, and there may be only 2 seconds passed since the flow was restarted by the action her bladder.

"Ahhh... Oh no..." She mumbles in excitement.

Vesta felt her slit overleaking with pee, her pussy lips flooded, her spiky clitoris under the most wonderfull shower, and the liquid finding it's way along her buttcrack and tighs to escape the pool of her panty, the fuss of her downself being unleashed and fully peeing, this marvelous sound as it strikes the material of her clothes...

She was wanting to regain control of herself now, after these two seconds, but her bladder decided to win this battle, forcing her into relaxing and letting go, she felt the immensely satisfying burning on her pussy as it's the sensation of the need to pee, normaly appearing slowly when someone's need is building up through hours, but for her it's the first time she feel that, this sudden attack of her bladder, in this noisy, loud, exceedingly naughty unmanned relief, her bladder entirely making its ease, like when she were back at the beach, on the dry sand, able to hide all of that easily with the covering of the sand all around her belly and waist.

But she's not in the sand now, she's on the carpet ground of her room.

"Oh no, I can't stop!" She whimper, a bit concerned. "No wait, I have to stop!"

Vesta can talk all she wants to her bladder, it decided to do on its own.

If the legging were white or any brighter, what she would see is that the flood is spreading on her front from her tighs, making it pool there by her skinny bones structures applying unregular pressures on the legging. Then it would be the turn of her butt, her slim hairless buttcheeks helping the flow to spread around themselves, the crotch of hers making a pool as it can't take the tighs ways faster enough, the strips of her sudden release falling down to her knees, as it almost reach the tip of the legs' cut.

But the soft and absorbant material of the legging help it spread more horizontally than vertically, which is gonna save her carpet for today, and the show and fair it makes, so loud and deliciously noisemaking, is making incredibly horny right now.

After 7 short seconds of pee for her bladder, but an eternity from Vesta's eyes, the flow start to slow. Yes, she can't regain conscientiousness correctly, she don't trust what happened, but it is true, she just completely flood her legging because her bladder was uncontrollable. The next thing that happen in her head is a memory, coming back to the surface.

She would slide and fall on her butt, and bythen she extremely needed to go, at a point where the urge strikes instantaneously and make her pee right away in her swimsuit, while she was playing volleyball, she looked down and seen the sand absorbing and suck the pee she's leaking out. She wasn't hurt, but the right shock in the right place made her completely lose it. She couldn't overcome that. She didn't peed much, she didn't needed to go, but a long spurt got out in the same unmanned form.

Back to herself from this memory, she looks down, trying to spot if the carpet ground of her room is wet. It don't seems to be, as her bare feet don't sense any warmth or liquidity.

She grab her phone, and activate the flash of it, then she inspect herself. With the light she can see the wetpatch that is invisible otherwise. She have huge puddles on her tighs, up to her knees, then it looks like it's been less lower. Her mouth is still wide open, completely shocked, but not in the mostely concerned way, as its being replaced more and more by excitement.

She lower her leggings, and look for her panty, a nice line separate the wetness at the crotch from the part closer from her belly. This form makes her horny all the time, it's just delicious. It's naughty, it's exciting, it's not responsable at all, but Jesus-Christ, how fucking good it is, she almost gonna explode.

The next second she get off her shirt and rubs herself, one hand on her bra, the otherone on her panty, and she don't even need to get them off before she feel herself coming as the wet material of the fabric is magic.

She fall on her bed, just like that, in her underwears, her pussy lips dripping all the wetness possible, her nipples hard, slightly sighing, trying to recover from what just happened.

*001*2021-11-23 05:40

Slowly losing excitement and hornyness, she is forced to comeback to herself as she hear a sound. It's a long crack and a slight slam, then some keys get dropped on a glass plate.

Her aunt is home. Right now. She well choose the moment to overflood herself looks like.

"Honey, come here, I have snacks!" She says in her motherly voice.

Vesta feel stressed now. What she's gonna do? What could she possibly do? It would be strange to precisely run for a shower now wouldn't it be? She can maybe try to change and hide her wet leggings until it dries up. Yes. That's a good idea she thought, before she hears steps, and soon the door of her room opens.

"Hi honey, did you heard me?" Fairye asks.

"What?" She asks, in an unsecure and stressed tone.

"I got snack. You come?" She asks.

"Um. Yes auntie." She accepts.

Fairye goes back in direction of the kitchen, her steps slightly reverbs in the straight corridor until she sit a the table.

Vesta, completely frozen, looked down at her legs. Well, there is no proof of what she did, she thought. Maybe actually no one will know after all? She start to follow the movement of her aunt and by the kitchen, she sit on a chair.

The chairs are made in wood, and there is a tiny thing pillowlike on it as they are a bit hard to sit on otherwise. At this moment she's scared the dampness gonna affect the dryness of this cyan pillow, and she would get caught. But she have no choice but sitting in face of her loving and caring auntie.

Fairye get out of the bakery bag a straight croissant with a chocolate bar inside for herself and a croissant in form of a spiral with chocolate nuggets for her niece.

"I bought them at the bakery in the city's downtown. Come-on, don't be shy, I know you're hungry right?" She says warmly.

"Um. Yes, I am." She replies.

She grab the spiral croissant and bring it to her mouth, then she slowly bite it and start to eat it.

"Are you okay darling??" She asks a bit concerned. "You seem off a bit. Is something bothering you?"

"Oh, uh, no, I'm fine." She says.

"Alright. Okay then." She replies.

They eat and then, her auntie lazily sit on the couch, turning the TV on. The kitchen and the lounge is opened, but, her auntie concentrated on the TV screen right now, she thought she can maybe throw a tiny look at her chair or unders. After wiping her dirty fingers on the hand towel aside of her seat, she hesitate for a small moment, before landing her feet on the ground and slightly getting up. She feels around her buttcheeks and the cyan pillow, nothing to be alarmed of.

She poors water in her glass, and then she drinks it until the last drop. She touch herself again, and she can't release, she's almost dry already. It is surprising her. She did not have a complete bladder accident in them, but the legging should be still a bit wetter isn't it?

She get up, she walks to the restroom and she wash her hands. Then she dry her hands on the towel next to the sink. She's watching the toilet, that she don't use this time.

'I wonder how long I can stay undercover.' She thought.

The evening comes hours after around 7:30pm, she eats the nice pasta her auntie prepared for her, and after diner, she get in her nightdress and plays games on her computer. Around 9:50pm, she's wondering on some internet stuff, bored again.

She looks down at her white nightdress. It's a very slightly seethrough fabric, that makes her red underwears obvious, but not too much drawing, like a thin white shirt, or thin yoga pants stretched, and she wonder what to do. Suddenly Vesta remember she didn't got to the toilet after diner.

'Wait. I can't. I have to stop myself before it's too late.' She thought.

She tries to behave, like she always did even if she likes peeing, but her naughtiness is fighting that. She looks around her and gets up, then she start to wonder in the house. She walks, trying to find a place to relieve herself. She done all the stage, nowhere to be hidden and make no damage while it's still naughty enough to excite her. So Vesta get at the attic of the house. She looks around, wondering, seeking something but she don't even know what. It is dusty, unclean, there is old stuff all around, well, it's a garret.

'There must be something fun to wet in here.' She mumbles.

She walks unto the edge, and reaching the wall, she see an armchair, hidden behind an old shelf on it's corner, just around the roof of the house. She rush to it, and lift up her dress to get it off, which falls down on an old table, then Vesta get rid of her panties, to throw them on the folded dress.

Her body is in heat now, she's having a lot of things going through her mind, Vesta can't regain control of herself, she's becoming so naughty, or at least she feels like that, by the way it's not like wetting a chair in a library or something, which she would feel so guilty about it, she would never do that, but here, just by herself, quietly, sublty, isn't that would be okay? Would it really bother someone? Would anyone will repress her? Would somebody punish her if Vesta would to that on something precious?

She strikes the floor of the armchair with her hands, and a cloud of dust gets in the air. After trying to make it go away, she sit on the chair. After rubbing her legs as it is a little cold here, she tries to relax. She can't really get her kitty in the mood to pee right now, her big unsymmetrical lips circled by her hairs she have down there, what a bush by the way, it's so thick someone would stay stuck if they tried to go through their fingers, with the knots, twists, tangles, or maybe not, because that's a bit overstating of the actual hairs, if they would get stuck here it's above all because she would close her legs so tight with eagerness and hornyness overflowing her body... As she thought of that she would like that so much, she sighed in lonelinessment.

She raise her head and look at the wall in face of her. She feel her kitten wild right now, engorged with blood, ready to be stimulated, and aching for a relief of the excitement.

'Why I am always so horny...' She asks herself clueless.

She place her hands on her breasts, and taste them with her fingertips, feeling their perky form, teasing the large nipple of them each, pinching them a little bit, then she lick her fingers to make the teat a bit wet, and the slight coldness of the air strikes them, with the little wind going through the house's roof... Such slow and exciting rubs and touches.

Then her bladder strikes a tiny bit. It awakes and claims for relief, already understanding she won't use this seat like a seat, but like a toilet, or a naughty toy, or both, and it sends to her signals about wanting to do such, use this seat as she meant it, letting go, making it all wet, and freely, carelessly, making Vesta going potty just where she is like a very badgirl.

She tries. She really tries to fight against it. But she can't. Her brain don't make any real satisfying reasons to not go by now, alone in the roof, on this old armchair her auntie don't care about and changed just because it's loosing it's covertiles on the back that decay itself after to much friction, there is no reason to not do that. There really is nothing to counter me she thought.

She is horny, single all her tiny life, her virgin butt is way to shy to try to have a relationship with anyone, oneside because she's afraid she's gonna get hurt by somebody, and otherside because she would be too annoying, noone would like her. At least that is what she thinks of herself, everyone always told her otherwise.

Some seconds passes, and she isn't sure if she wanna to do it, but her bladder strikes again, and the flow starts without her actual conscent. She spread her legs to not make them too wet, and clenches her hands on her breasts in the moment of surprise, while she opens her mouth a bit, to sigh in relief.

Again. One more time. Vesta is peeing, forcefully, right onto something that isn't meant to be a toilet. The pee is flowing, loudly again, but it's hitting less strongly the seat floor which is soft, what makes most of the noise is her hairy, horny, excited, spreaded slit dragging out roughly the amount of a sea, whiches the lips are engorged and trembling bit since the force of the flow, as unlike most internet videos she've seen on nasty sites meanwhile her need's crisis, her lips are big, quite big even, although they are well hidden inside the forest that forms her cuntbush, by the way hairs that are making the pee fly everywhere on her legs and thighs, which was not the objective early.

So she close her legs and open them again, hoping the flow would get straight as her lips may get different ways. But it keeps unregular directions, still leaded by her lips or hairs, still in the way. So after 3 seconds of peeing on herself, she arch her back and redress herself, which make her pussy in direction of the seat's floor, right against it.

Vesta don't try to hold anything, she let it go still, starting to releasing her entire latenoon bladder, that she have inside her since 4pm, almost six hours from now.

The burning need to pee strikes again, this time rather stronger, and even if she's not trying to counter it, she feels how much she wouldn't be able to hold it. It's still making it's stiff noise, hissing, fussing, like a waterfall, which excites her terribly well and hard, to an awfull point of needyness.

She can't take it anymore and let her breasts of her hands, she spread her legs and place both of her hands right in the wild flow, landing on the seat a bit further. She rubs her hands just like she's washing them, lustfully spreading her pee on her arms, then she tries to hold her pee.

Vesta briefly could stop the flow, and start to rub her belly with pee, and when she don't have enough of it anymore on her hands she let out a spurt that she gushes on one of her hands, meanwhile she rubs pee on other parts of her body, her breasts, her arms, her legs, soon she is all covered, but it keeps getting dry, so it's not long, ever so gently it makes her feels the warmth of her inner liquids, that she spray onto herself so eagerly, in this excess of arousal.

Then she stops, rubbing her breasts already wet with pee, waiting for something. She is all covered in pee. She still have to go.

'It's so good...' She mumbles. 'What could I do now?' She wonders

She gets up, walks around, and get an idea. She climbs on the table, sit on it, and wait a bit. The sound would be too strong if she does standing up on the table, she may get caught, she thought. Sitting on wooden table, she relaxes, and a bit comes out. It wets her innerthighs and crotch area, spreading wetness on the old table. Then she holds again. She got a better idea.

She lay on the table, and tries to get comfortable. The wood is hard, because it's wood, but she tries to mimic someone who's sleeping. She is there, laid on this table, naked, her hairy, wet cunt spread by her sprayed legs, she can't help but halfly getting up again, not so much actually, just leaning to make her able to see the flow she start to let go, loudly coming out of her again, making a mess over this useless old table, moaning in the process of the relief, rubbing her excited breasts again, trying to get the most pleasure of the moment.

Then she rub her pussy with both of her hands, with on she circles her button and the other rubs her lips up and down, and it results by making her so close so fast, while pee is still coming out of her with noises, she orgasm like never she did, as its the first time she pee and touch herself at the same time. She tries to quiet her moans tho, it would be a nightmare to get caught right now while cumming.

The next day at work, she eagerly waited all day long to get home and do the same. She stayed hydrated and drank maybe a rather more around 4 or 2 hours before getting home, drinking a whole bottle of water, wanting to burst almost before getting home. Aunt Fairye is working when she gets back home, so she drop her work backpack and quickly get naked, then rush up the stairs to reach the roof stage with a plushy in her hand, while she is holding her reddish hairs bush, running on the dusty floor of the attic.

Vesta place the plushy sitting on the table in front of the seat, while she sit on the comfortable seat, that is dry bynow, and she clears her throat.

"I'm so glad I can finally meet you." She speaks at loud to her teddy bear plush, as she fantasize about being with someone interviewing her.

"Alright so, what you think you can get if you embark on our boat?" He would respond.

"Well firstly, I think that would upgrade my skills quite well, I know I may have a lot to learn still, but I think I could be oneday along the main simracers of the team." She replies.

Her hands are stuck inbetween her thighs, she hold herself so strongly as she is so ready to pee, she really is going to make a big mess in the old armchair, she really gotta go, she is so eager, but she prefers to hold it and play a little.

"Okay. Maybe you can tell me about your personality? And do you think you could teamwork well?" He would ask.

She spread her legs and rubs her pussy slightly as being turned on could help her a little. She let out a deep sigh, before taking a breath to talk again.

"Well about my nature I'm very compliant, I'm very amenable, some talk about me that I'm only being docile and submissive, some use the analogy of the cat, the kitten, the puppy maybe when they talk about me, anyway I think I'm cooperative enough to apply to the team." She declares in a teasing voice.

Vesta clenches and unclenches her thighs and legs, shyly pulling on her right minor labia as it's her one quite bigger than her otherone so she always likes to tease it, she wiggle her feet repeatedly, and tries to concentrate on having a good time.

"So. Do you have the ability to hurry at everywhere we could need you to?" He asks.

"Uhhh yeah, I'm able to go everywhere I wanna go..." She clumisly replies.

When she says 'go' two times she almost lose herself, almost giving up on her roleplay and just wanna peesquirt and cum on the chair right now, but she think that the more she buildup, the more harder she cums afterwards, whiches is a bit true, and she wanna cum really hard.

"Do you wake up easily? Are you competent early in the morning? Do you do simracing on specific hours or you do anywhen you want?" He asks.

"Oh I don't have really scheduled racing sessions, I often race against AIs, any of the races I'm interested in the calendar are way too sparse from eachother." She starts.

After that her bladder strikes, not hard, but enough to make her wet herself, and a 3 seconds spurt gushes from her cunt to the seat as her legs are closed, and it makes a wetting noise. She sigh in the pleasure of the moment before being able to regain control.

"I'm more tired the evening than the morning, I think the graph of my productivity slowly decrease over the day, it hits its best between 10 and 12 am, so I'm more of a morning person really."

She clenches and unclenches her legs again and again, then she look down, roleplaying being a bit stressed.

"Are you okay miss? You look a bit stressed." He would asks.

"Of course I am, I'm so eager to apply and join the team." She explains herself.

She feel she almost can't hold it anymore, her damp seat not helping exciting and cuddling her, her pussy dripping wetness both from arousal and leaky needings to go, and her inner waterstock is really pushing hard against her hard and aching clitoris, making it pointing out of its thin hood, showing itself to the outside world. She tries to rub it for a moment in the last try of holding it more.

"So do I have the green flag or not?" She asks, eagerly.

"We'll call you back. You seem well qualified for the team." He replies.

At that moment she let go, she relaxes, she unclenches all of her pelvic area and lay against the back of the seat, her pussy noisely releasing the amount she have.

"Nice! I'm so happy." She speaks not very loudly but she tries to roleplay that she wouldn't like to be heard. "It is so nice. I'm finally gonna become a member of my favorite simracing team! It's so cool."

She wiggle her legs, as the gushes wet her entire area, the seat gets warm and damp, the wetness spreading all around her, making her pool in a puddle as she pees way stronger than yesterday and faster than the fabric sucks in. She feel her clitoris rocking hard, so she can't help but touching herself by now, and she tries to keep a straight face, and keeps talking like nothing was happening.

"I'm gonna be able to call my friends and tell them 'Hey! I'm offically a e-athlete now!' as they always keep saying I'm just playing videogames and doin' nothin' I mean I really am working hard on my skills actually." She rambles.

"Wait." He would suddenly stop her.

At this moment, following her roleplay, she tries to hold it again. She barely can, and even when she clenches her legs and press on her cunt so hard, she's still leaking a bit, at least it's not noisy and she can keep being discreet about it for now.

"I thought I heard something." He would suspect something.

"No, I didn't hear anything." She lies.

Vesta's bladder strikes again, and she loses it, her dam breaks and she starts flowing again, and as she does she quickly regain the lead of the speech.

"Anyway. It's time! I'm gonna be a simracer. It's so nice!" She says happily.

The teddy bear can't move, but in her daydream the recruiter would not fool for her trick and would stand up to see the puddle of the plastic chair she would be sitting on, and his strong displeasure would be printed on his face as he would see that she is releasing her imperious need right here, on the chair of his office, right in front of him, like the really bad girl she's being here, and unmannedly continues on her accidental leak, in face of the surprised business guy.

"Are you wetting the chair in my office right now?!?" He asks, more than confused.

"I'm sorry I can't help it!" She falsely whines or cries for her roleplay. "I couldn't hold it anymore!"

She spread her legs and thighs, and the spurt gushes all over the seat and her legs. In the daydream she would get her formal black skirt up, to let him be able to look at her downthere.

"I'm sorry mister really, you can look if you want..." She says, moaning in relief.

After maybe 5 seconds of peeing and moaning, she reaches peegasm. But it's not enough to make her cum. So she switch to her idea she got in mind since the start.

"Are you gonna stop or something at the end? What you're doing is disgusting!" He would shout.

Vesta achieve to regain control of her flow to stop it, and she gets up. Her legs are dripping, her bush is all dampy, she is very needing to go, still.

"I'm so sorry mister, but what could I have done otherwise?" She asks in a cute face, rubbing her breasts and hard nipples.

"You should have asked me you were a needy babe." He says. "I have a weakness for girls that can't hold themselves." He licks his lips in a eager face.

"What?" She's falsely surprised. "You're not going to tell me that I could have done in your mouth do you?"

She exit her roleplay very briefly to climb on the table, and she lay her plushy on it, in face of her. She starts to kiss her plush, and needily grinding on it, as she fantasize that she would do it to the business guy. Vesta leaks a bit of pee while doing that, as she is not enough concentrated on her muscles downthere to be holding properly, but she still tries to hold it for a tiny bit, until she decides it's time for her to end and cum.

"I have a surprise for you sweetie, I'm not empty actually." She smiles naughtily.

She open her legs widely and let it out, finally, releasing all the pee she have in her, she wants it out right now, on the face of this cute stuffy, one of her favorite even, and drown it in her flow. After two seconds or such, she can't stay standing like that so she sit on the belly of the big teddy bear, that absorb her landing since she almost fallen, losing control of her whole body, she sit or lays down his legs and her flow start to wet his neck and shoudlers, she can't stop although her bladder don't attack or push anything, she mindfully let it go, on purpose, just as she like to do elsewhere, but it's on a plushy this time.

She continues to pee, endlessly, but after a while she got up and lean into his face, kissing his wet lips and face, kissing him so strongly and needily, she would resume her grindings, and moan in the stimulation of her clitoris and the relieving of her pee, she feel herself coming fast, so fast she can't do anything but instantaneously cum by the time she finish weeing, as all is out her clit and lips take everypart of the pleasure, almost being overstimulated, almost like a torture, almost like a painfully cumming, as it's the strongest thing she ever felt.

Being dying of hunger, having periods, being awfully sick, falling on her butt, colliding her tiny foot finger on the edge of a furniture, no, absolutely not, nothing is strong and powerful as that, this exceedingly satisfying sensation of the rubbingment on the plushy material, as it's not made by her fingertips it helps her fooling her body and brain she's making love with someone, which help her orgasm way better than her clumsy, lonely and sad fingers, no, she wanna make love to this plushy all the days now, she's going to grind on his face so often he will never have time to breath or stare at anything but her needy, horny cuntbush, peeing on him, relieving her stress of the week, from her work, or from her racecars trainings, or maybe being sad or horny for no reason like she always is, she chosen to mate with him now it's for life.

Well, she thought all of that in the moment of cumming. It doesn't make sense. That's normal. She was not conscient at this time. Nonetheless she won't for a few couples of minutes, maybe ten, still slightly or occasionally rubbing herself, her button and slit barely tired and barely oversensitive so it won't stop her, she kisses it, she kisses its mouth again and again... Passionately...

The she awakes of her naughty plays and decide to take a shower. She would just leave her teddy bear here, it won't get in troubles here, noone will know it's always a bit wet and used to whatsoever she does with it, but again, she don't wanna get caught does she? No of course not. It would be so humiliating. Not being able to behave or hold her desires is ridiculous right? Isn't it?
