Caught in a Jam -- A Love Live Story Staring Umi and Kotori

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-07-08 02:07

Here with another batch of commission stories I've wrote! I should get better at posting these one by one instead of all at once, but oh well. Etiher way, this is another Love Live! commission by @Zenkopan

! This time it stars Umi and Kotori, as well as Kotori's mother, caught desperate in a traffic jam! I hope you enjoy!

Caught in a Jam

Umi found herself rushing down the stairs, still brushing her hair as she heard the knock on the door. She had just finished getting prepared, dressing herself in a white sundress with blue straps. She made sure her swimsuit was packed in her bag before she grabbed it and rushed towards the door. Umi hastily put on her shoes before finally opening her door. It was Kotori, who was smiling at her excitedly. She was dressed in a soft yellow blouse with puffy sleeves, and a gray pleated skirt with white thigh high socks. Umi looked past her and saw a familiar car parked down the street, Kotori’s mom waiting patiently in the driver’s seat.

“Sorry about that, my alarm didn’t wake me up, so I had to rush to get ready,” Umi apologized.

“No worries,” Kotori waved off the apology, “We weren’t waiting long. You all set?”

Umi nodded, and she stepped out the door and locked up. The two made their way over to the car. If Honoka hadn’t been busy, Kotori would’ve probably wound up sitting up front with her mom, but since it was just the two of them, they opted to both slide into the back seat.

Kotori’s mom smiled as she turned to look at Umi, “It’s been a while since I’ve seen you, how have you been?”

“I’ve been well,” Umi smiled, bowing her head politely, “Thank you for the ride, Mrs. Minami.”

“Oh, it’s no trouble! I’m sure Kotori already told you, but I’m going out that way myself, so it’s convenient for me to drive you!”

Kotori and Umi had been planning a trip out to the beach for some time, and now that it was summer, they finally had the chance to go. They had originally planned to take a high-speed train out that way, but Kotori’s mother happened to have an academic meeting out that way herself, so it worked out that she was able to drive them instead. As such, she was dressed in grey and white business suit with a short pencil skirt and dark pantyhose.

“Still, it’s a shame that Honoka couldn’t come with you two, huh?” Kotori’s mother added as they set off.

“Yeah, I really wish she could’ve come,” Kotori frowned.

“I tried to tell her she was focusing too much on idol practice and not studying enough,” Umi crossed her arms, “But she didn’t listen, so now she’s stuck with supplementary classes.”

“You don’t have to be so mean,” Kotori pouted at Umi, and Umi let out a sigh.

“I know, I just wish she could be here too,” Umi admitted.

“We’ll make sure to take her along next time,” Kotori’s mom chimed in.

With that, they fell into small talk as they weaved their way through the narrow urban streets of the city. It was slow-going at first. Since it was morning rush-hour, the streets were pretty crowded, not only with other cars, but with numerous pedestrians trying to walk to work. Umi watched idly as the car crawled through the streets, occasionally glancing over to Kotori as they spoke about school and vacation and some upcoming live performances they had planned. Suddenly, however, Umi felt a slight urge from her abdomen, and she subconsciously shifted in her seat. She had to pee.

She had been in such a rush that morning that she hadn’t gotten the chance to go before they set off. She vaguely recalled tiredly waking up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, so it wasn’t like she had been holding it since last night, but she could definitely feel some pressure starting to build up. She glanced towards Kotori and then her mother nervously. They did have quite a long drive ahead of them, but they had only just set off, so it would be rude for her to ask them to stop so soon.

She tried to shift her position to ignore the nagging from her bladder and glanced nervously out the window, as if she could force the trip to go faster by watching the buildings go by. She caught sight of a convenience store on one of the corners and thought how easy it would be to ask to stop and run in before her bladder became a bigger issue, but once again she resigned herself to wait, not wanting to interrupt the trip so early.

“Oh, by the way, I picked up some drinks last night, I have them in here to keep them cold,” Kotori’s mom motioned to a small cooler sitting on the passenger’s seat, “Let me know if you two get thirsty.”

“I’ll take a tea,” Kotori requested, “Do you want anything? There’s tea, coffee, and some soda, though I know you don’t usually like carbonated drinks. Oh, and of course we have plenty of water!”

Umi paused. She definitely didn’t need the extra liquid, and since they had just picked her up, she wasn’t thirsty yet.

“I’m fine, thank you.”

“Alright, just let me know if you change your mind,” Kotori’s mom smiled, “Here you go, Kotori!”

“Thanks mom!”

Kotori’s mother passed a large bottle of tea back to Kotori, who opened it up and took a large swig. Umi tried to ignore the sound of the sloshing liquid as Kotori gulped down about a third of the bottle in one go. As Umi shuffled, she turned her attention away from her friend and tried to focus on something out the window. Unfortunately, her eyes immediately landed on a large bank building with a fancy fountain outside, which did nothing to take her mind off her urge. She looked ahead instead, but was met with a red light, only reminding her of their slow progress through the city.

“Ugh,” Kotori’s mother sighed, “Traffic today is pretty bad. Luckily, once we get through the city, we should be able to get on the freeway, and we’ll be moving a lot faster.”

“It’s fine, mom,” Kotori smiled, “I don’t mind long road trips. What about you, Umi?”

“I’m good,” Umi nodded, though she subconsciously shuffled as she felt another nag from her bladder.

Ordinarily, she really didn’t mind longer road trips, but she was just nervous about getting caught on the road needing to pee. In the worst-case scenario, she could always ask to go, but she would feel pretty embarrassed asking Kotori’s mom to stop for her, specifically. She hoped that eventually they would all decide to stop somewhere before she reached that point.

I need to stop thinking about it, it’s just making me have to go worse…

“Oh, Umi,” Kotori looked over, “Did you finish writing the new song we’re going to perform at the concert yet?”

“Huh, oh,” Umi shook her head, “No, sorry. I still need to get with Maki. She wants us to write the lyrics and the music together this time so they synergize better.”

“Oh, but isn’t she at her parent’s summer home?”

“Only for the week, so once she gets back we’ll be able to work on it,” Umi replied, “By the way, you’re working on the outfits, right? How are they coming along?”

“Well, I’ve been having a bit of trouble with the inspiration. It’s supposed to be a summer theme, but we can’t exactly go up on stage in swimsuits. I was actually hoping this trip to the beach could give me some inspiration.”

“That makes sense,” Umi nodded, “I can help you look, if you want.”

“That would be great, thank you!” Kotori smiled.

Umi was grateful for the change of topic and the distraction, and she was able to push her filling bladder to the back of her mind. The car continued weaving and crawling through the busy city streets, and finally the traffic seemed to lighten up. Umi let out a sigh as the car began picking up speed, and started getting stopped by less and less traffic lights.

“Ah good, we’re finally moving,” Kotori’s mom smiled. Umi wasn’t the only one eager to get on the way. Actually, as Umi looked over at Kotori’s mom, she noticed that she was sitting stiffly in the car seat, moving her legs a bit restlessly, even when the car wasn’t moving.

Umi was sure she was probably just projecting. There was no way Kotori’s mom also had to pee right now. Even if she had to go a little bit, Umi doubted the mature woman would ever get herself into a position where she needed to pee bad for Umi to notice. Umi was just worried about her own needs, and picking up innocuous movements by Kotori’s mom as false signs of desperation.

Umi once again tried to push the feeling of having to pee to the back of her mind and enjoy the trip now that the car was starting to move more. Unfortunately, just as she did so, they hit an unlucky streak where it felt like they were getting stopped at each stop light. The frequent acceleration and slowing down was doing Umi’s bladder no favors as she felt it shift every time Kotori’s mom hit the brakes.

Umi was starting to notice signs from Kotori now too. As she sat next to her, Kotori was starting to shift more than she had been previously, and her thighs were pressed tightly together. At some point she had finished up her tea, and Umi figured she might be regretting that decision now. Umi wasn’t as convinced that she was projecting with Kotori as she was her mother, since Umi knew Kotori and could pick up on the subtle changes. She was definitely looking less relaxed and more stiff than she usually carried herself.

Umi was actually hopeful. If Kotori had to go too, then she was far more likely to be comfortable asking her mom to stop. Umi felt bad for relying on Kotori for something she could easily say herself, but she felt it would be way less rude for Kotori to ask.

However, as the car got closer and closer to the freeway, Umi was starting to worry more and more that Kotori wouldn’t speak up. Even though Umi was pretty sure she had to pee, she seemed content to squeeze her legs together and shift around rather than ask her mom to stop. She even wound up reaching for the tea again and finishing it up.

Umi was thinking it would be a good idea to just speak up, when Kotori’s mom looked back, “Before we hit the freeway, I think we should stop somewhere. We’ve got a long drive ahead of us still, and I’d rather not have to find another exit in case somebody needs to go to the restroom or something.”

“Sounds good, mom,” Kotori spoke up, and Umi nodded in agreement.

She was grateful Kotori’s mom had said something. She would’ve been embarrassed if she had to ask, and she was really starting to think Kotori wouldn’t say anything herself. She felt her bladder send her another nagging signal and was relieved when the car pulled over at a convenience store.

The three got out of the car, Umi stretching before feeling her bladder protest the sudden shift from seated to standing. She tried to disguise her shuffling as simple discomfort from having been sitting for a while before following Kotori and her mom into the store. Kotori made a beeline for the back where there was a restroom sign, and Umi shuffled along behind her.

Unfortunately, it seemed that she had celebrated too soon. There was caution tape and an out of order sign along the doors, and the floor around the bathrooms were visibly flooded. An employee at the front caught where the girls were headed and apologized.

“Sorry, ladies, one of the pipes rusted through and caused a massive flood, so the restrooms are out of order until we get them repaired. I apologize for the inconvenience.”

Kotori’s mother shook her head, “Oh, no worries, thank you for letting us know!”

She then turned to Kotori and Umi, looking worried, “there’s not another place to stop around here before the entrance to the freeway. How are you girls feeling? Do you have to go that badly?”

“I’m fine, mom,” Kotori shook her head, “What about you, Umi?”

Umi blushed and shuffled in place, hoping her urge wasn’t that obvious. She was put on the spot. Now, rather than just getting to stop, Kotori’s mom would have to go out of her way for them to use the bathroom.

“I’m fine,” Umi lied, “I can wait until we get there.”

“Are you girls sure?” Kotori’s mom asked, “It’ll be at least an hour from here.”

Umi paused for a moment, gauging if she thought she could hold it another hour. She had to pee, but she wasn’t desperate, and if Kotori didn’t have to go badly enough to request them to stop too, Umi didn’t want to be the only reason they were making another stop somewhere.

“We’re fine!” Kotori smiled, “Right, Umi?”

“Yeah, we’ll be fine!”

“Alright, but when you’re asking me to stop later, don’t say I didn’t warn you two,” Kotori’s mom crossed her arms, though she was smiling to show she wasn’t too serious.

The three made their way back out to the car, and Umi took one last, longing glance at the store’s restrooms, so close, yet totally unusable. She got back into the car, sitting back down carefully and crossing her legs. She was now committed for a long hour of holding.

She looked over at Kotori, surprised she had also said she was fine despite Umi picking up on some signs that she also had to pee. She was starting to think maybe she was wrong about that, but as Kotori sat down next to her, she definitely could tell Kotori was shifting in place a little, her thighs pressed together as her foot tapped on the floor.

“Do you girls want anything else to eat or drink? It’ll be easier for me to reach the cooler now before I start driving again.”

Umi was about to say no, but unfortunately even though her bladder was filling steadily, that didn’t mean she wasn’t thirsty. Her throat was starting to get dry, and it was a hot summer day. If she didn’t stay hydrated now, she could overheat later.

“I’ll take some water, please,” Umi requested, wanting to avoid any drinks with a diuretic effect. Kotori’s mom smiled politely and passed a bottle of water back to her, and Umi smiled politely, “Thank you.”

As they set back on the road, Umi gingerly sipped at her water, not wanting to make any of the sloshing sounds Kotori had made earlier with her tea, and not wanting to drink more than she needed to. She didn’t want her bladder filling up any faster, especially now that they were getting onto the freeway. Umi noticed Kotori shift slightly as she looked over at Umi as she drank, and Umi was more convinced than ever that Kotori definitely had to pee too.

Umi shook her head, trying to push the urge to pee to the back of her mind. As Kotori’s mom pulled out onto the freeway and sped up, she tried to focus on looking out the window as they zoomed out of the city and into a more sparse area. They only had an hour to go, and while Umi definitely had to pee, she wasn’t bursting yet. As long as she didn’t think about it, she could hold it.

However, not thinking about it was easier said than done. Every time the car hit a bump, it would send a jolt straight through her bladder, forcing her to squirm in place as she clamped her thighs together. She would also occasionally feel her throat start to dry out, and was forced to take reluctant sips from her water bottle. Each time the cold water hit her mouth, her bladder would spasm in protest, and she became more and more aware of the liquid she was adding to her body that would soon find its way through her.

Distracting herself with conversation wasn’t working either. Kotori was distracted herself, and it was clear she was also holding it. She would squirm and shuffle, wincing at each bump, and Umi found it easier to look out the window than watch her friend struggle and only remind herself more and more of her own urge to pee.

Umi also found her attention being drawn over to Kotori’s mother. The older woman was shuffling in her seat, sitting with her thighs pressed together awkwardly even as she drove. She was tapping the steering wheel with her fingers and kept glancing down at the clock on the dashboard nervously. Umi had written off her shuffling as Umi projecting her own need to pee onto the more mature woman, but now she was less convinced. Was it possible that even Kotori’s mother had to pee?

No. Umi couldn’t rationalize that in her mind. She had suggested they stop, but she was fine with them continuing on when the convenience store’s bathroom turned out to be out of order. If she had to pee then, surely she would’ve made sure they stopped somewhere else first. Convinced she was mistaken, Umi turned back out the window, trying to distract herself even as she felt her bladder continue to fill.

They continued to drive, having been on the freeway for a good 20 minutes, and all the while Umi’s urge to pee continued to grow. She was now sitting with her legs crossed, leaned back in her seat to avoid putting undue pressure on her abdomen. Her bladder was absorbing the car’s every bump and jolt, and she was finding it harder and harder to focus on anything other than needing to pee.

Kotori too was sitting awkwardly next to her, shuffling around more and more. She had one hand resting on her thighs, a little too stiff to be casual, and she kept changing her position as if trying to get comfortable. Umi was once again hoping that Kotori would speak up and be the one to ask her mom to stop, but given how she hadn’t said anything earlier, she wasn’t holding out hope for that.

Kotori’s mom also seemed to get more restless, and Umi was once again unsure whether or not it was just her own situation that was making her seem like she also had to pee. Whenever the other woman had a hand free, she placed it on her lap and played with the hem of her skirt. She also restlessly bounced her free leg as they continued on. She was shifting around in her seat more than normal too, but Umi was still sure she was imagining it. After all, there was no reason for Kotori’s mom to be holding it.

Suddenly, the car ran over a particularly bad bump in the road, and Umi felt her bladder spasm. She bit her lip to avoid letting out an audible squeak of surprise as she clamped her thighs together and gripped the side of her dress. She fought the desperate wave, trying not to make her desperate squirming too obvious, and only dared look over at Kotori until the spike in pressure had passed.

Kotori seemed to be in as bad of a state, her thighs clamped together, and the hand resting on her thighs suspiciously disappearing between the pleats of her skirt. She was rubbing her knees together desperately, trying to play it off by looking out the window.

Kotori’s mother didn’t show any outward signs of desperation, and Umi took this as further confirmation that she didn’t actually need to pee. However, she looked back at the two girls and then spoke up.

“I think I’m going to take the next exit, I don’t know about you girls, but I need a bit of a pit stop.”

Umi was surprised to hear Kotori’s mom say that. She had spent the trip trying to rationalize all of Kotori’s mom’s actions away, when the simplest answer was the truth. Kotori’s mom needed to pee too. Umi almost couldn’t believe it. Why would she have been holding it? Why didn’t she just stop? Maybe she was just saying it because she had noticed Umi and Kotori squirming, but it did really seem like she had to go.

Umi was so focused on that that she almost missed Kotori nodding in agreement, “Actually, I have to go too, mom.”

“Me too,” Umi admitted.

It was a little embarrassing to say out loud, but she wasn’t the only one they needed to stop for, and Umi was comfortable enough around Kotori to admit it now that they all had. Either way, Umi was grateful for them finally getting to stop. She was really starting to get desperate, and she was getting worried about holding it through the rest of the trip.

“There’s another ten minutes until the next exit, hang in there, you two!”

Umi frowned. She really had to go, but at least it was only another ten minutes, rather than over half an hour. She looked over at Kotori, who was now more openly holding it, shuffling in place with a hand between her legs. Umi resisted the urge to do the same, wanting to maintain some air of dignity.

Umi kept glancing over at the clock as she counted down the minutes until the exit. Perhaps it was because she now knew she’d get to go soon, but her bladder felt like it was only filling up faster and faster. She was no longer able to ignore the pulsing waves of pressure from her full bladder. She found herself shuffling in her seat, no longer as concerned with hiding her needs from Kotori or her mother.

When Umi wasn’t looking out the windows, she looked over at Kotori’s mom. Now that she knew the older woman definitely needed to pee, the signs were more obvious than ever. She was biting her lip as she tapped the steering wheel, and she was rubbing her knees together desperately any chance she got. Her free hand would rub up and down her thigh as she bounced in her seat, and she also kept glancing down at the clock, as though doing so would make the trip go by faster.

“Oh no, come on!” she suddenly gasped, and it took a few moments for Umi to notice what was wrong. Up ahead, there was a row of traffic backed up on the freeway. Kotori’s mom reluctantly slowed down, and as the car came to a stop she actually wound up jamming a hand between her legs as she wriggled in her car seat.

“The traffic’s backed up at least as far as the exit,” she sighed, “Sorry girls, we’re gonna be stuck here for a bit. I hope you two don’t have to go that bad.”

“We’ll be fine,” Umi said, though deep down she wasn’t entirely sure anymore.

The traffic was at a crawl, and the fact that Umi had been mentally preparing to relieve herself, only to realize she’d have to hold it much longer, didn’t do her bladder any favors. She could feel it swelling out against the waist of her dress, and she squirmed in place, trying to ignore the waves of pressure as she tried to hold it.

Kotori didn’t look to be in much of a better shape, shifting her position in her seat every few seconds, shaking her legs up and down as she kept her hand firmly planted between her thighs. It was clear she was also eager to pee as soon as possible, and the fact that they were now stuck in traffic certainly didn’t help matters.

Kotori’s mom grit her teeth, sitting stiffly as she clamped her thighs together. Umi could tell she definitely had to go, and she nervously kept glancing back to make sure the girls were holding up too.

“Sorry about this, if I had known, I would’ve stopped sooner,” Kotori’s mom apologized, though it also sounded like she was berating herself as well, “Are you girls gonna be okay?”

“We’ll be fine, mom,” Kotori chimed in this time, reassuring her, though as Umi looked over and saw Kotori bouncing desperately in her seat, she was less than convinced at Kotori’s words.

Five agonizing minutes later, and they hadn’t gotten much closer to the exit. Kotori’s mom drummed impatiently on the steering wheel as she stared straight ahead, before she let out a gasp and buried her hand firmly between her legs.

“Sorry, you two, but I just can’t hold it anymore,” Kotori’s mom admitted. She looked back, “Kotori, mind passing me that tea bottle?”

“Y-yeah, sure,” Kotori blushed, handing her mother her empty bottle.

Umi couldn’t believe what she was hearing. There was no way Kotori’s mom, a refined, mature woman who always seemed responsible and dependable, was about to pee in a bottle in her car. Yet even as she thought that, she watched as Kotori’s mom hiked her pencil skirt up and slipped her panties and pantyhose down just enough to slip the bottle right against her crotch. She scooted forward, nearly hugging the steering wheel to make sure any spills wouldn’t get on the car seat, and let out a soft moan.

The loud sound of pee splashing against the bottom of the plastic bottle filled the car as Kotori’s mom practically burst. She tossed her head back and let out a sigh as she peed at full force, taking care to angle the bottle. It was clear from how little splashed onto the side and down onto the floor how practiced she was at it, but the narrow opening for the cap was a difficult target, and she was so desperate it was harder for her to control her stream. She couldn’t quite taper it off, so errant droplets and sprays splashed onto the outside as she tried to get most of it in the bottle.

A small puddle was pooling on the carpet beneath the driver’s seat, but Kotori’s mom was too lost in relief to care. She simply basked in the sensation of her emptying her full bladder. She even lost track of the traffic, and they heard a beep from behind. She accidentally sprayed the floor more as she jolted in surprise, and awkwardly tried to move up even as she continued to pee. It made a bit more of a mess on the floor, a noticeable wet patch pooling between her legs, but she couldn’t stop now even if she wanted.

Part of Umi desperately wanted to look away, as her desperation flared at the mere sight of watching Kotori’s mom relieve herself. Yet another part of her couldn’t believe what she was seeing, and she couldn’t tear her eyes away from the sight of the older woman relieving herself into the tea bottle.

Kotori’s mom’s stream then started to taper off, and she let out one final sigh of relief before she finally stopped. was left with a rather wet bottle and small streams running down her legs. She looked down at the damage to her car floor and her pantyhose, but luckily the rest of her outfit was fine, and the carseat was still dry. She capped up the bottle and turned back to the other two.

“Sorry, you two, I was really about to wet myself there,” she apologized, “Kotori, could you pass me the towel I have back there? It should be in the pouch behind the passenger’s seat.”

“S-sure thing.”

Kotori winced as she bent over to reach for the towel, and passed it up to her mom. As the older woman started wiping herself off and cleaning up as much as possible, Umi simply watched, stunned. She was still reeling from the fact that such an elegant woman had done something so crass.

Her shock was short-lived, however, as suddenly she was hit by a strong wave of desperation. Watching Kotori’s mom relieve herself hadn’t helped at all, and she was already close to her limit before. She buried both hands between her legs and gasped as she felt a small spurt escape into her panties. She didn’t think she could hold it until the exit anymore.

Kotori’s mom looked back and noticed that the other two girls were still in a bad spot.

“Sorry, girls,” Kotori’s mom apologized again, “If you two can’t hold it either, you can-”

She looked down at the bottle she was holding, but she noticed it was more than 3/4ths full. There wouldn’t be enough space for either girl to fully empty themselves into it, and definitely not if both needed to.

“Uh, well, I was going to say you two could go, but we don’t have another empty bottle.”

“It’s fine, I’ll wait,” Umi forced a smile. She was absolutely bursting, she didn’t think she could hold it anymore, but she wasn’t about to admit that. Besides, she couldn’t bring herself to use a bottle, even though she had just seen Kotori’s mom do it.

Kotori, on the other hand, was not so above such things, and she seemed to be bursting too. She shuffled in her seat, both hands jammed firmly between her legs, and as she was hit with a particularly strong wave of desperation, she nearly doubled over. She clamped her eyes shut and tried to hold it back, feeling a few errant drops leak out.

“H-hey mom, can I use the towel?” Kotori asked.

“Oh, that might work, here,” her mom passed the towel back to her. It damp in some places from where Kotori’s mom had wiped herself off, but other than that, it was mostly dry, and it could definitely soak up a lot of pee.

“You’re going to go here?” Umi asked in shock.

“I can’t hold it, and traffic isn’t moving very fast,” Kotori pointed out.

Kotori was about to shift in position to use the towel, but suddenly Kotori’s mom called out, “Wait, I think that truck can look into the car. You should wait until we pass him.”

They had just pulled forwards, and were now lined up perfectly with a large delivery truck. They could just barely see the silhouette of the driver through the window, but he would have the perfect vantage point down into the car. It was on Umi’s side, but it would still be easy to see over to where Kotori was sitting.

Kotori shuffled in place desperately as she waited for the traffic to move. She had one hand clutching the towel desperately as the other was clamped firmly against her crotch. Her legs were shaking as she kept glancing up, waiting for the car to pass them by.

Umi herself was struggling too. She had pushed herself to her limit, but not only did she have to wait for Kotori to go first, but she also wanted to wait until there was no chance of anyone looking in. She squirmed and shuffled in her seat, fighting off the intense pressure as her swollen bladder screamed for relief.

The car crawled up about a meter, but it still wasn’t enough. Kotori sat anxiously, sweat starting to pool on her forehead as she desperately tried to hold back. Suddenly, another strong wave of pressure struck her, and she let out another, longer spurt. She gasped and glanced over again at the truck. This time, the truck’s lane began to move a bit, and thankfully it was enough that the car was comfortably behind the truck’s cabin.

Kotori wasted no time. She scooted to the edge of the back seat and slipped her panties to the side, not confident she could hold it until she pulled them down completely. She immediately burst, feeling her pee spray into the towel. Her stream soaked through the towel quickly and began running down onto the floor, pattering against the rubber floor mat. Kotori panicked and tried to adjust the towel to allow it to soak up her flood more efficiently, but errant drips and streams still splashed between her legs as she emptied her full bladder into it.

The sight was almost too much for Umi to take, and she felt herself leak again into her panties. She glanced around and hoped there weren’t any more trucks. She had pushed herself past her limits, and couldn’t hold it anymore.

“Kotori, as soon as you’re done, pass me the towel, I’m about to burst.”

“Okay, I’ll try to hurry,” Kotori nodded.

She pushed her pee out and it splashed noisily in a messy spray, but it overwhelmed the towel and she was forced to stop forcing it out. Umi would just have to hold it until she was done peeing normally.

Umi squirmed desperately as Kotori continued to pee next to her, the sight and the sound driving her crazy. She had both hands clamped down against her pee hole, trying to physically stop the leaks even as she felt her bladder press more drops out into her panties. She bit her lip and tried desperately to wait for the towel. She desperately glanced over at Kotori, but she didn’t look like she was close to finishing yet.

Umi clamped her eyes shut and begged her body to hold out a little bit longer, but she was suddenly hit with a strong wave of desperation. She gasped, feeling herself leak again, and shuffled to the edge of the carseat, getting into position with her hand clamped down over her crotch. She felt like it was only her fingers holding back the floodgates at his point.

“Please hurry up, Kotori!” Umi gasped out.

“I’m almost done!”

Kotori’s stream finally started to taper off, and before she finished completely, she quickly passed the towel to Umi, the rest of her stream dribbling out onto the already damp mat beneath her. Umi grabbed the one dry corner, but after Kotori had peed into it, there wasn’t enough dry area to hold it like Kotori did. Instead, she placed it on the floor in front of her with the last dry patch facing upwards and quickly slipped down her panties.

Umi immediately burst, feeling the floodgates open as she tried her best to aim for the towel. Unfortunately, due to her intense desperation, her stream was forceful and messy, and she managed to miss the towel at first. She adjusted her position, but between the force of her spray and the towel already having soaked up quite a bit of urine, there was little she could do to salvage the car mat in front of her.

She felt a bit guilty, but there was no way she could stop now. She let out a relieved moan as her whole body melted into relief, her taxed bladder muscles aching and absolutely refusing to even slow the torrential stream. As she continued peeing, she felt the car move forwards, and she panicked, worrying that they had caught up to the truck so it could see straight into the car, especially since it had been on her side. She instinctively shifted away from the window, shifting her whole stream and once again missing the towel completely.

Thankfully, they hadn’t caught up to the truck, and once Umi realized this, she immediately shifted back, readjusting her stream, letting out another sigh of relief. Still, she was becoming self-conscious of the ever growing puddle on the floor in front of her, especially since the towel had now completely soaked through, and refused to soak up anything else. She was basically peeing onto the floor of the car at this point, and she felt incredibly guilty.

Finally, her flow started to slow, and taper off into a trickle. She tried one last time to stop early, but her bladder was not having it, and she couldn’t stop until it was completely empty. She looked down at the mess she made and frowned.

“I’m so sorry, Ms. Minami.”

“Oh, no worries!” she smiled and waved off, “We all wound up having to pee in the car, and I think we all managed to make a bit of a mess. The interior needed a bit of a steam-clean anyway, and most of the mess made it onto the floor mats! Really, it’s my fault. I should’ve had us stop somewhere else before getting on the freeway.”

Umi still felt guilty, but Kotori reached over and patted her shoulder in comfort.

“It’s fine, I really couldn’t hold it either. Besides, it’s better than us wetting ourselves!”

“Here,” Kotori’s mom reached over into the glove box and pulled out a pack of tissues, “That towel doesn’t look like it’s going to be much help, so clean yourselves up with this.”

Umi and Kotori nodded, taking the tissues and wiping themselves down as best as they could with the pack of tissues, patting themselves down and wiping up any errant splashes that had gotten on the seat before discarding them on the floor in the corner to be picked up later.

Umi then went to pull up her panties when she noticed how damp they were. She had leaked quite a bit waiting for the towel from Kotori, and they hadn’t come away from the incident completely dry. She didn’t want to sit in her soaked panties, and she didn’t want to risk them leaving a damp patch on her skirt from prolonged contact. She fruitlessly tried to dry them with more tissues, but it didn’t really work, and she frowned.

“What’s wrong? Oh,” Kotori asked, before noticing Umi was looking down at her panties, still keeping her skirt hiked up, “Take them off!”

“W-what?” Umi asked, beyond mortified at the suggestion.

“You’re going to have to take them off to change into your swimsuit later anyway, right? So, take them off now. It’s better than sitting in soaked panties, right?”

“I… I don’t know…” Umi paused.

“Come on, it’s just us two, you can change as soon as we get there,” Kotori pointed out.

“It’s bad to sit in wet panties,” Kotori’s mom pointed out, “Besides, I’ve known you since you were little, I’ve seen you do far more embarrassing things than run around commando.”

“Mom!” Kotori chided.

Umi was completely red-faced, but it wasn’t like she had much of a choice. She slipped her sopping panties down her legs and discarded them on the floor, carefully moving the pee-soaked towel on top of them so she wouldn’t have a constant reminder that she wasn’t wearing them staring back up at her from the floor.

The traffic jam took another twenty minutes to clear up, meaning there was no way any of them would’ve made it if they had tried to hold it. By the time they got to the beach, Umi was just grateful that the awkward car ride was over. Earlier she had been a little upset that they couldn’t go with Honoka, but now she was eternally grateful it had just been her and Kotori. The less people who knew about what happened, the better.

The End

