Coincident Encounter

Author: Skylar

*000*2024-12-03 12:40

Hello, newbie’s here! This is my first time posting anything of an article to a public forum, meanwhile the first time writing stuff like this. And it feels amazing when I’m creating it, it’s really an outlet to visualize my own fantasy in words. What’s more exhilarating, I can share it with guys like you with the same interest. So feel free to give your suggestions and comment below (guess it how this works?), I doubt I’ll follow, though, lol. (Sometimes I’m just too immersed in myself when writing.) And this could be a series if wanted, after all there’s a lot of unfulfilled thoughts in my mind. Let’s call this one the chapter one. Anyway, hope you like it!!!

Coincident Encounter

Ashley and Charlotte share a room in a college dorm. Ashley is a girl with good figure, white skin, a delicate visage, the height slightly below the average and milk blonde hair just long enough to cover her back neck, the fairy-tale-like combination of which makes people think she an underage girl at the first sight. While Charlotte is much taller and slimmer, who has tanned skin and a short curly brown hair. She leaves a first impression that she’s weak on strangers, but in fact she’s rather muscular, all attributed to regular exercises she’s persevered for years.

Ashley seems to have the certain hola of a straight-A student, because for the most of dorm time she’s just sitting there quietly either studying, reading or simply putting on her earphones listening to music and watching vids alone, in order to not interfering and being interfered. Seeing this, Charlotte chooses to respect her privacy and keeps a decent distance, which is comfortable too for herself. Thus, for the entire first semester, they remain totally nodding acquaintance, I mean, what do you expect when a not that sociable girl meets another introverted one in a dorm room solely for them two? Well, it’s not exactly the case as is from the appearance, though.

Charlotte actually withholds a eccentric fetish——Omorashi. Furthermore, she especially falls for adorable girls enduring hard at the edge of desperation. She did try it herself several times, but her lack of control and small bladder stands in the way, plus she’s not so into holding compared with watching. Sometimes when the night fell, she lying on her bed getting horny, she couldn’t help but deviantly fantasize her cute roommate’s omorashi while caressing herself to it. And when it was all done and Charlotte regained her composure, she’d bashfully regret being such a pervert but the next time she’d fall back into this same old habit. The story could’ve ended here with Charlotte’s own mirage, yet things changed after a coincident encounter.

Though as roommates, they didn’t take many courses together last term, and even if so, they’d merely get seated randomly and studied respectively. But this semester they were both in the same literature class and math class. So that’s how things got funnier.

It was a Thursday afternoon before the literature class began. Charlotte caught Ashley sitting there seeming to focus on the book she read and wait for the lesson to begin. Usually she wouldn’t bother her and instead take another seat from a distance, but that day Ashley was overly attractive, in a white shirt and a pink-white plaid pleated mini skirt, emitting an fragrant aroma. Charlotte failed to resist such allure and came to her side and requested,

“May I sit next to you?”

“Oh!” Ashley’s eyes flashed a blink of shock and staring up at Charlotte, “Well, o…of course, it’s okay.”

“Thanks then.” Charlotte took the seat nearby.

She noticed Ashley carrying a nearly full bottle of green tea with her, so she tried to find a topic,

“Well, it seems you like drinking tea, right?”

“Oh, yes.” Ashley answered a bit tensely, “It...err” stumbled Ashley “keeps my mind clear, it’s especially helpful when you need to focus.”

Then she grabbed a deep gulp of it. Charlotte felt something was wrong with Ashley, “Maybe she’s just nervous.” thought to herself, dispelling her suspicion, then nodded in consent and said,

“It’s true, maybe I’ll also try it next time.”

“If you want I can share some of mine, I’ve got plenty of teabags.” Ashley offered generously and smiled.

“Thanks for your offering, I may.” Charlotte smiled back.

She didn’t think of it’d go on so well, for she’d always seen her formidable to get along, but turns out she’s amiable and cordial. And her soft voice and sweet smile completely bewitched Charlotte’s heart, not to mention the unique fragrance of her laundry detergent. Charlotte felt so nice just sitting beside her, “Perhaps I should be talking to her more, we could be good friends, and maybe...” she sunk into her imagination. And suddenly the bell rang and class began, dragging Charlotte out from her daydream.

As the course went on, Charlotte glimpsed sideways at Ashley several times, to find that she repetitively drank from the tea bottle at intervals, and in a mere twenty mins she had half-emptied it, which surprised Charlotte. “She must be very thirsty.” she thought, getting her mind back to the class. Another 20 mins passed and Ashley finished her last drop. “Woah, what a drinker!” Charlotte was distracted from the professor again. But Ashley looked so focused so she turned her sight away and continued to keep pace with the lesson. Half-class time had passed, Charlotte believed that she saw something weird about Ashley.

She blushed a little, and the mild flush on her cheeks made her even cuter for Charlotte, who stole glances more often at her and mind already absent from the class. “Maybe it’s too hot here, after all the air conditioning is off work.” She found an explanation “But I like her more this way.” She pretended to be placid as water, inside grinning merrily, though. Shortly after, things went all so clear to Charlotte as Ashley started to cross her legs increasingly frequently, the flush on her face getting more visible. “She’s holding her urine! Why hadn’t I realized it sooner? After all that large bottle of tea, her bladder surely endured a great amount of pressure. Poor girl, she shouldn’t have drunk that much so quickly.” thought Charlotte. “It’s quite a view, though.” Her vicious thoughts stroke her.

And she was spontaneously turned on for the scene like this. “Wait, it can’t be, how can I watch my roommates suffering right in front of me while I’m enjoying it… Oh, but she’s so my type…” As her ambivalent feelings struggled against each other, Ashley’s condition grew worse, she tightly crossed her legs, a few drip of sweat sliding down her totally-flushed cheeks, and eventually she discreetly put her left hands down and pressed it against her crotch. Her whole being leaned slightly forwards and let out groans in extremely low voice that’s audible only for Charlotte, who couldn’t ignore this temptation and felt her face burning. Her residual ration kept her from acting horny in the middle of the class.

Time tick-tock, and every second Charlotte was trying to suppress her desire and wondering whether Ashley’s ever gonna hold it any longer. Ultimately, the bell rang again, by the time the professor dismissed the class, Ashley was in outrageous mess. Her legs twisted as a rope, an apparent bump on her abdomen, with her hands fixed on her private parts regardless of others around, thanks to Charlotte’s cover she didn’t exposed herself too much to the scattering throng of students. As it was the last lesson today, the classroom turned empty in a few minutes. Charlotte was definitely sure that Ashley wouldn’t make it up to the bathroom in such condition, so she took a bold action. Without a word, she gently scooped her up from the seat into her arms with a shriek “Woah, what are you do…”

“Impressive, you’ve been holding it for so long. It’s gonna hurt, but just endure a few more seconds.” Charlotte interrupted her question and dashed to the lavatory as fast and steady as she could while the desperate girl in her arms moaning desirably at every slight jolt, hands clenching to her intimate part, face reddened for the shame of this position and urgency to pee. About half a minute, Charlotte carried Ashley to the empty toilet, settled her in a stall and waited outside. She heard the sound of splattering water for nearly 2 minutes until it reached an end. “For god’s sake, is it really that much?” questioned Charlotte herself. As Ashley came out, she ran towards Charlotte and gave her a hug, saying in a whimpering voice,

“You really save my day, Charlotte, thanks a lot.”

Charlotte came to recall the abnormal actions when they met before class, and suddenly figured it all out—— “She wasn’t being shy, the fact is she’s been holding it the whole time, and probably intentionally!” To confirm her idea, she asked,

“So you’ve been holding it before class and keep drink during it?”

Hearing this, Ashley embarrassedly admitted in a rather low voice,

“Actually, the whole day.”

“What?! It’s insane!” Charlotte was astounded.

“To be honest, it might sound sick, but I enjoy this whole pee-holding, or in my words, omorashi thing, and I’ve fallen in love with it since high school, it’s kinda like a fetish to me. I’ve been doing this from time to time the whole first semester, pushing myself to the limits, like reading books or listening to sound of flowing water when holding it in dorm, and many times in classroom. Also, when I got lost in pleasure and desire at night, I pictured you… Emm… never mind this. I tried my best to avoid being noticed, but this time I was surprisingly unexpected that you would come to sit with me, and I was so turned on by such long-time endurance and also excited about whether you’ll find out, so I accepted. Now it’s like my long-haunted fantasy has come true——being held in my dreamed lover like this…Well, all of this to say my apology, this time I might’ve overdone it, or overestimated myself I guess. I’m sorry for all the trouble I caused.” She smiled bitterly,

“Well, now you know it all. Feel free to call me a pervert and dump me forever, as I deserve to be treated.” Her voice sounded casual, but her tearful eyes and piteous look betrayed her.

Ashley stood there motionlessly, head lowered, as if to wait for her final trial. Nevertheless, she felt a sense of warmth coming around her, then Charlotte’s arms around her chest.

“Sweetie fool, you’re my dreamed one, too, I love you, and your everything.” Charlotte enfolded Ashley in her arms affectionately and said.

“Wait, but you said I’m insane…” Startled at the rush of bliss, Ashley said in disbelief, collapsing into Charlotte, with her arms wound tight around her.

“Insane? Huh, I mean, incredible.”

