Divided by bodies united by pee | Couples bonded forever by pee |

Author: sunita

*000*2024-02-05 17:33

Meghana sat nervously in the bus, her heart pounding with excitement and a hint of anxiety. After months of planning and anticipation, she was finally on her way to Manali with her husband, Sukruth. They had been married just a week ago and were now embarking on their much-awaited honeymoon.

As the bus rumbled along the winding roads, Meghana couldn't help but feel a growing discomfort. She shifted uneasily in her seat, feeling an urgent need to relieve herself. Glancing at Sukruth, she noticed that he too seemed restless and uncomfortable. She whispered in his ear, "Sukruth, I think I need to use the restroom."

Sukruth's eyes widened in surprise, his own discomfort mirroring Meghana's. "But we just left the last rest stop," he replied, his voice filled with concern.

Meghana sighed, her face turning red with embarrassment. "I know, but I can't hold it in any longer. I need to find a toilet urgently."

Just as Meghana was about to press the button for the bus driver, Sukruth stopped her. "Wait, Meghana. I have to confess something too. I'm in the same boat as you. I've been desperately holding it in since the last stop, afraid to ask the driver to pull over again."

Meghana felt a mix of relief and surprise. She hadn't expected Sukruth to be facing the same predicament. "Why didn't you say anything earlier? We could have avoided all this discomfort."

Sukruth shrugged, his face flushed. "I didn't want you to think I couldn't handle a simple bus ride. I should have spoken up, just as you should have."

Meghana nodded, realizing the truth in his words. She reached for Sukruth's hand, her embarrassment fading away. "Let's figure out a solution together."

They racked their brains, considering alternative options, but the bus driver remained adamant about not stopping until their scheduled rest break. As time passed, the urgency grew stronger, and Meghana could feel every jolt of the bus magnifying her need.

In a moment of desperation, Meghana made a bold decision. "Sukruth, I can't wait any longer. I'm going to do it right here, in my saree. We'll clean up later."

Sukruth's eyes widened in shock, but he understood the urgency of the situation. "Alright, Meghana. If that's what you need to do, go ahead."

With great hesitation, Meghana began to relieve herself, drip by drip, into the folds of her saree. The warmth spread, and she felt a mixture of relief and sadness at the situation. And to her surprise, Sukruth followed suit, choosing to face the discomfort head-on.

Their hearts heavy with embarrassment, Meghana and Sukruth sat in silence as the bus continued its journey. But despite the awkwardness, a bond formed between them, an unspoken connection forged through shared vulnerability.

Finally, the bus pulled into a rest stop, and Meghana and Sukruth rushed to the restrooms, thankful for the reprieve. As they cleaned themselves up, they couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of the situation.

