Desperate guy gets off on it

Author: squiirming

*000*2025-01-27 15:18

Cross posting my most popular tumblr post, with some edits for accessibility and legibility (I originally wrote this with one hand lol)

Omo thought that’s been living rent free in my mind lately is a guy doing something at a desk and getting increasingly desperate but not allowing himself to take a break before he’s finished whatever he’s working on… Until he’s just desperately shifting in his seat, crossing his legs tights and grabbing himself as he struggles to focus on the task at hand. And it turns him on.

The pressure in his lower belly feels so good, as does his dick being squeezed between his legs every time he crosses and uncrosses them. Every time he grabs himself through his pants for a quick squeeze, he feels it slowly filling up, growing despite his best efforts to push all urges down. Soon enough, he stops using his hands to hold because he badly wants to give into arousal and stroke himself now. He’s still absolutely bursting to piss tho, and past the point of sheer willpower being enough to hold it. So, without hands, he ends up just humping his pants to get any pressure on his dick to help hold back the flow. The fabric grows tighter as he gets harder, helping him get some much needed pressure, but also meaning that every forward roll of his hips feels that much better. Everything just feels so so so good.

He muffles groans and moans into the back hand as he tries to focus back on his work despite his mind being hazy with two different but equally urgent needs. The moment he thinks he’s got it and concentrates enough to read a single line of text, he nearly loses control. He has to shove a hand between his legs and squeeze his thighs around it, and breathe really hard for a few moment while the urge peaks. Despite his best efforts, few drops escape him. Looking down, he sees it doesn’t show though his pants yet, but he can feel the warmth on the tip of his cock as it happens, and can’t help but notice the slight chance in the texture of his underwear afterwards. It clings closer to him now, fabric feeling more rough where it against the head of his twitching dick.

Once he thinks he’s got it under control again, he dares remove his hand again, tho not before giving himself a good squeeze and debating if he should just give into the desire to get off right away. He doesn’t, instead he straightens up best as he can in his chair, tries to ignore the way it puts pressure on his bladder, and tries to read again. It’s fine for a minute or two, but then a wave of desperation builds up again, and this time he fully leaks. It lasts only a blissful second before he regains control, but there’s now a wet patch showing on the front of his pants, a small dark spot at the head of his hard dick. Something about the visual has his groan and sends his dick twitching, begging for attention. He ignores it and the throbbing of his muscles begging for relief.

Dizzy with need and incapable of thinking straight, he continues like this for a little while. He painstakingly does tiny amounts of work while he shifts and moves in his chair, alternating between closing his legs tights and humping the air and fanning his legs. He won’t let himself use his hands again, he’s too hard, he fears he might come if he seriously tries to squeeze his dick like he so badly wants to. Now that the dam has leaked, he continues to leak drops every other seconds, the dark patch slowly, but surely, growing.

He can’t even squirm as much as he’d like to with how stubbornly rigid his cock is, humping the air with too much insistence makes his wet underwear rub against his sensitive cockhead too hard, and when he accidentally does so, an overwhelming surge of sensation inevitably makes him pulse and leak more piss.

The drops eventually turn to small dribbles, and then spurts, until he can’t even pretend to be working at all. At some point, his eyes fell close and he began just squirming and thrusting forward, mad with need. His sensitive twitching dick leaks pee and pre-cum all over the tented front of his pants, running down his shaft, and erasing any notion that he could hold it. He’s slowly but definitely losing control over his body, but not for a second does he think to abandon the endeavour and either give up right then and there or run to the toilet.

He grips the desk tight and barely bites back a moan as he feels himself approaching the brink of control. His pace intensifies, his breathing becomes erratic, and the spurts get longer, until the chair he sits on is wet too, and there’s no denying he’s pissing himself. And yet, he still fights to holds on because something about it feels so good.

He’s seconds away from fully losing it, every leak is a little longer, a little more harder to regain control over. He’s not so much dribbling as he is gushing piss in short spurts now. He feels it coming, looming over him, the next major wave of desperation that his exhausted muscles just won’t be able to hold back. He feels it, so close, about to overtake him. He tenses, shakes, gasps, ready to try to fight it and to loose…

And then it doesn’t. It doesn’t come out. The need crests, yes, but the flow fully stops, and, for a second, he can only gasp and feel the onslaught of sensations crashing in all at once .

Instead of pissing, it’s a mind blowing orgasm hits him unexpectedly. One moment he’s almost perfectly still, tense as all hell, and the next he’s fully dry humping his tight pants as he cums hands free inside them. It’s overwhelming and not quite enough all at once, an almost-ruined-but-not orgasm. It feels so fucking good he doesn’t even reach down to stroke himself through it, he just lets it wash over him.

He shakes and whimpers, until his desperate thrusts start to become overstimulating. The over sensitive head of his still hard cock rubbing inside the front of his wet, sticky underwear makes him whine and twitch. Almost immediately, the urge to piss comes back tenfold, and this time he really can’t hold it.

He tries to, still reeling from his orgasm and brain fuzzy with pleasure, but his exhausted body just won’t have it. A loud hissing sound hits the same spot cum stained his pants seconds ago. He moans, the relief itself feeling orgasmic.

It takes him longer than it should to empty empty himself, his exhausted muscles trying to lock up so soon after coming, so it only comes out in spurts. His spent cock desperately twitches with each one, still half hard.

Aftershocks run through his body until he’s fully empty. By the time the last drop leaves him, he’s back somewhere between shaking with relief and turned on beyond comprehension. He undoes his pants with shaky hands and pulls out his sensitive wet dick.

Immediately, he furiously jerks off, slick with piss and his release. He quickly comes hard for second time with a groan, this time shooting on his pants rather than inside them. He milks it out for all its worth, until he’s soft and shaky and can’t take it anymore.

As he lays his forehead against the desk in front of him to catch his breath, he vaguely remembers he was meant to finish something work related.

