Emergency Protocols

Author: Scoobydew

*000*2019-03-18 04:04

Raiden scanned over the compound, noting the patrol routes of the PMC soldiers. From what he had gathered, the main database inside held important intel pertaining to the Patriots... and any intel he could get his hands on was invaluable. Though it was dark and rainy, he needed to keep as low a profile as possible, for fear that someone might order a wipe on the database should the alarm raise. Tossing his leather trenchcoat aside, he dropped down onto a roof inside the compound, making nary a sound.

As he landed, a small red warning lit up on his heads-up display, "Nanomachine purge required" it read. A slight grunt, silently cursing as he felt a slight pressure in his lower abdomen. It was a small price to pay to become a cyborg like him; the majority of his body, and even his very blood replaced by nanomachines and cybernetics. For familiarity and convenience, the process of releasing damaged or spent nanomachine fluid was done in the same manner as urination in an organic human... although he had much 'harder' fail-safes in place.

Shaking his head to clear it of stray thoughts, he returned his attention to the mission. He dropped to the ground and moved to the door of the building in front of him. The database was inside, he was sure. Entering, he moved over to what appeared to be the console, pulling a USB drive from a small pouch at his waist. Tapping into the console he used his nanomachines to bypass the password screen, and set the computer to copy all data to the drive. Otacon could sort through it later. The estimated wait time: ten minutes.

Raiden let out a groan, but knew it was the faster choice. Peeking out of a window he noted that the masked soldiers outside seemed content to stick to their posts or patrol routes, which was fortunate. Suddenly, the notification appeared in his vision again, and this time it remained constant. He could only hope that his systems would hold out until he could get clear. He began to pace slightly, not having anything else to do until the download was complete.

Minutes passed, although they felt like hours, and the download still wasn't done. Worse yet, the purge indicator in his vision was flashing quickly, and he felt an intense pressure between his legs besides. Tapping his foot he glared at the console as if it would speed up from intimidation value, but it merely loaded another tick on the bar as if to mock him. He resisted the urge to kick the machine in frustration.

A minute later, and suddenly, the indicator went from red, to yellow, reading "Commencing emergency purge protocol..." and his heart sank. Feeling the pressure shift in his lower belly, he instinctively reached and clutched at himself, as if to hold his cybernetic urethra shut, but he knew it was no good; the purge had begun, and he felt the first warmth of spent nanomachine fluid enter the tight confines of his bodysuit, quickly spreading across his lap and beginning to trickle down his thighs. "N-no! Nonononoooooo..." He whined, feeling absolutely helpless... and for the first time in years, he was!

The 'purge' continued for three minutes, every agonizing second counted down on his heads-up-display as he stood there, relieving himself and unable to stop. By the time the indicator hit zero and turned green. A puddle four feet across on average had formed under him, consisting of pale, lightly-glowing fluid. Had Raiden the blood to do so, he would have been blushing... instead, he was filled from head to toe with heat and embarrassment.

He looked to the console and, noting that the download was complete, he ejected the drive and slipped it back into the pouch. He quickly made his way back to the roof... though the mission had been successful, he had hoped to leave less of a trace. It seemed he still had a long ways to go before he could live up to the legend of Solid Snake...

