Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*017*2023-04-03 18:58

Bulma was pleased that her plan to manipulate Vegeta seemed to be working out. Praising him for sounding ‘confident’ whenever he admitted to her that he needed to go felt bizarre, but since stroking his ego seemed to be the only thing that had any effect on him, she kept doing it. He’d convinced himself that NOT urinating made him strong, if she could subtly mess with his head until he started to believe the OPPOSITE, she was sure the problem would go away for good.

Except, there was still such a long way to go. He could relieve himself at home with no issue. He could tell her what he needed and not stammer so much anymore. He was drinking a somewhat adequate amount, even if he DID keep saving most of it until the end of the day— There had now been a couple repeats of that morning, where he’d needed to rush her out of the shower after he’d woken up desperate.

Outside of the home was still an issue. She’d never succeeded in even getting him to TRY using a public restroom. No matter how far out they’d gone, if he got too uncomfortable he insisted on flying all the way home. He could do that fast, and Bulma was sure that most of the time he was gone was spent on actually peeing, and not on the flight back and forth. She was still sure it must have been a bit of a hassle, though.

He was very reluctant to drink anything when they were out, or when they were about to leave the house together. It was difficult to convince him to have more than a few sips. The only time he didn’t mind having some water before heading out was if he was on his way to go train with Goku. This told her that whatever Goku was doing to ‘help’ him must have been working as well. She wondered if that meant she should invite HIM on one of their outings someday and see if Vegeta’s behavior regarding hydration changed at all.

She knew the response she’d get if she ever suggested inviting ‘That damn Kakarot!’ along on one of their dates.

So, for the time being, Bulma tried to just be patient with him and hope that someday he’d agree to try using a public toilet, or relax a little more about the water he put into his body. She’d just keep encouraging him in little ways, and build up his confidence. So long as nothing happened to completely shatter it again, then he should stay on the right path.

***

The Lookout was actually one of the most difficult places for Vegeta to relieve himself. There were two restrooms there, the one in the time chamber— Which Vegeta could only access occasionally— and the one in the main part of the building, which was useless to him.

The Lookout was small, which made getting IN there undetected into a challenge. And even if he DID manage to enter it, the door didn’t lock. Apparently, it USED to have a lock way back when Kakarot had first come up here as a child. The idiot had managed to break it when he thought practicing a move while bathing would be a good way to make the most out of his time.

Then Kami had seen no need to replace the lock. Nor had Dende. Since they both only ever entered that room to wash themselves, maintaining it was low on the list of priorities. So long as the bath worked, nothing else mattered.

Vegeta had attempted to relieve himself at the Lookout only once. It had been right after the Cell Game, and once Trunks had been revived and Vegeta was finally able to THINK clearly again, he realized that his bladder had filled considerably without his notice. Everybody else was distracted, so he snuck off, only to discover that the door lacked a lock.

He hadn’t even bothered with it then. No lock, the possibility that someone could walk in on him before he’d finished— Or worse, before he’d managed to get himself started— it was intolerable. He didn’t even need to go that badly, so long as he kept his legs close together he’d be fine.

He’d returned home, very uncomfortable but still not bursting, a while later. Bulma wanted to talk to him about Kakarot— She had some preposterous idea that Vegeta was going to MISS him for some reason! He’d brushed her off, insisting he didn’t care what happened to Kakarot. He’d gotten to the restroom, to privacy, to silence and to the prison of his own thoughts.

Kakarot was…

Nope. He didn’t care! He never WOULD care. Nothing would ever MAKE him care. He just had to pee! Why wouldn’t it work— He was alone, wasn’t he? The door was locked, no one had even seen him come in here! Total solitude, completely alone, no one there…

But, he couldn’t go. In fact, the more he focused on how alone he was, the more his holding muscles seemed to knot up— The complete opposite of what usually happened. Something felt… Wrong. He couldn’t even place it, but there was this horrible feeling encompassing his entire body. It was heavy, yet also really hollow.

He’d only ever felt that after he’d found out his planet had been destroyed… He’d gotten rid of it THEN by screaming and attacking things until he just couldn’t feel ANYTHING anymore. There was nothing for him to attack now. And, he had to urinate so badly that he didn’t think he’d do a good job of destroying anything, anyway.

He only managed to get his bladder to empty by shutting his eyes tightly and pretending that he was inside the Hyperbolic Time Chamber, and that he’d just spent hours upon hours training with— With— BY HIMSELF.

Once he was finished and he had a clearer mind, Vegeta understood what had happened— The bathroom on the Lookout not having a lock had simply stressed him out too much, he’d needed more time to calm down.

That was it.

Nothing else.

He’d never tried to pee at the Lookout again. He knew that it was pointless. He’d checked a couple times to see if a new lock HAD been added, but it never was. The toilet was a few paces from the door. Since Piccolo had never taught Vegeta how to do that thing where he stretched his arm out twice the length of his entire body, he couldn’t try to just hold it closed himself.

So, he’d spent quite a few desperate hours there before. Once the pressure had gotten so severe that he’d nearly lost control of his mouth and informed Dende, “If you don’t put a lock on this door, I’m going to end you!” He’d just barely stopped himself from making the embarrassing threat, and resigned himself to holding his bladder until he could leave and find some actual privacy.

That day was the worst bout of need he’d ever suffered on the Lookout.

Until today.

Vegeta had made a pretty terrible mistake. Once again, he’d left the house without relieving himself first. In the past, he’d only ever done that because he wasn’t ABLE to go at the house for whatever reason. But, today there was absolutely no excuse for it. He must have slept badly or something. In fact, he could barely remember waking up, he’d been so exhausted. The moments in which he’d been getting dressed and flying here were all foggy as well. The only reason he knew they’d happened at all was because he WAS here.

He knew he couldn’t have peed before coming here because he felt his midsection burning from a grotesque degree of urgency. He was struggling not to bounce on his feet. Why had Kakarot even told him to come here so early in the morning?

There were a few others up here with him, adding to Vegeta’s distress. He couldn’t let himself fidget at ALL. Someone was bound to notice, they were sure to figure out what was making him so antsy, and from there they’d somehow guess that he had trouble peeing here.

“Vegeta,” Piccolo said suddenly, making him jump which, in turn, made him blush.

‘Dammit, pay attention…’ Vegeta thought. “What?”

“Did you bring the Dragon Radar like we told you to?”

HAD he? He couldn’t remember. The entire morning was such a rushed blur… “I—“

“Yeah, he gave it to me already,” Kakarot said. “We just need to find two more balls.”

“Awesome,” Krillin said. “This is going a lot faster than I thought it would.”

“You want to come with me to get them?” Gohan asked.

Vegeta shifted his weight, doing his best to appear bored. Now that he’d moved once, his body was begging him to keep it up. He tried to catch Kakarot’s eye. He hated it, but Kakarot could probably tell he needed to go with just a half-second glance, no matter how still Vegeta tried to keep himself. Kakarot would… Know, and he’d distract everyone, he’d find a way to get Vegeta some privacy.

Kakarot wasn’t looking at him, though. He was just carrying on with Piccolo and Krillin. Vegeta still wasn’t sure what they were gathering the balls FOR. He was sure he must have been told earlier, but had been too drowsy to grasp it. He heard Bulma’s name, and all thoughts of peeing vanished from his mind for a second. Had something happened to Bulma?! No, no, he’d definitely remember THAT. No need to panic, Bulma was fine, and they were just—

Right. Now it was finally coming back to him. He’d wanted to get Bulma something amazing for her birthday— The best possible thing, something WORTHY of the woman privileged enough to have Vegeta as a mate. But, he’d had trouble coming up with the right gift. Bulma could afford to buy anything she wanted for herself, so Vegeta needed to get her something that COULDN’T be purchased. He’d settled on an item that would be truly one of a kind, because it had never actually EXISTED before. He was going to force the dragon to create a live unicorn for her. A live unicorn that could shoot chi out of its mouth and was strong enough to kill an entire army of Friezas.

Vegeta promised himself he’d go to bed early tonight. All this drowsy forgetfulness was unacceptable. Keeping his mind sharp was just as important as maintaining his body’s strength.

A pinching throb drew his attention back to his bladder. Of all the things he could have forgotten this morning… He would have preferred accidentally walking out with only one boot on, or something. As Kakarot continued to talk, handing Krillin the dragon radar, Vegeta took a few hesitant steps closer to him. Kakarot just needed to look at him, just for a second. Vegeta was keeping himself still, he hadn’t bounced or swayed after that one, tiny squirm a few minutes ago. But, he could feel himself shivering. Kakarot would know, Vegeta didn’t need to squirm, he didn’t need to say a word about it.

Krillin and Gohan took off with the radar, leaving Vegeta alone with Piccolo and Kakarot. Where had Dende gone, Vegeta wondered. He was uncomfortable enough that he thought he might actually go shout at him to buy a fucking lock for that damn door.

Kakarot’s eyes flicked to Vegeta for barely even a full second. “Vegeta and I have to go ask Dende something,” he told Piccolo.

He’d… Barely looked at him, and he still knew immediately. That was what Vegeta had expected, but it was still embarrassing to have anyone— Especially Kakarot— know his mannerisms so well.

Vegeta focused on how his discomfort was about to be alleviated, and followed Kakarot inside. As ever, forcing himself to walk with his bladder so full was maddeningly difficult. His legs kept wanting to rub together, his feet kept turning in towards each other. He forced himself to keep legs straight and pace NORMALLY, like he didn’t have anything that he was straining against.

“I am SO sorry I broke the lock when I was younger!” Kakarot said. “I’ll hold the door shut for you, alright?”

“Mmmf, fine…” Vegeta wished his arms were longer, he’d be able to do this by himself then, no relying on Kakarot…

“From inside or outside?” Kakarot asked.

“… What.”

“You want me to hold the door from the inside or the outside?”

“You… You think I’d want you right there in the room with me!?” Vegeta snapped.

“You’re okay with me being next to you when we’re outside, and I didn’t know if you’d need me to say stuff to you agai—“

“I don’t NEED you to say anything,” Vegeta huffed. “Stay outside.”

“Alright,” Kakarot shrugged. They turned a corner and ran into Dende.

Vegeta stilled and looked down at himself, trying to correct anything about his posture that may have looked off. His knees were bent too much, he was still shaking a bit… A rational part of his mind tried to argue that, since Dende lacked a bladder, he probably wouldn’t recognize Vegeta’s twitching as a sign he needed to relieve himself. That did nothing to calm his nerves, however.

“Can I talk to you both for a minute?” Dende asked.

Kakarot hesitated, gaze flicking to Vegeta again. It took everything Vegeta had not to squirm under the attention. Gah, he hated this— Normally he LOVED when everyone’s eyes were on him, but now he didn’t want to be noticed at all.

“Um, in a minute,” Kakarot said. “I really have to pee first.”

“Oh,” Dende said. “Um… The toilet hasn’t been working for a while.”

“What?”

“Some plumbing problem,” Dende said. “The bath still works, so I haven’t gotten around to fixing it yet. I’m sorry.”

“I’ll… Uh… Go somewhere else then,” Kakarot said. “I’ll be back later.”

Dende walked off, and Vegeta shuddered more obviously.

“Wait… How does plumbing even WORK on a floating platform in the middle of the sky?” Vegeta wondered.

“Huh?” Kakarot asked. “I guess the same way it works everywhere else.”

“But… Never mind,” Vegeta said, tensing his thighs. He was not TOO upset about the plumbing issues— However the Hell that even functioned to begin with. It wasn’t as though he was out of options for relief now. “Kakarot, I demand you take me home.”

“Sure,” Kakarot said. He held onto Vegeta’s shoulder and put two fingers against his forehead. A few seconds passed, but nothing happened.

Vegeta’s extremely limited amount of patience wore thin. One foot rubbing agitatedly against the opposite ankle, he snapped; “Kakarot!”

“I’m trying!” Kakarot insisted. “I can’t sense anyone’s energy! Maybe we’re too high up.”

“You have used Instant Transmission here before!”

“Yeah, but I’m really hungry now, so—“

“Then let’s just go back down,” Vegeta said. He was starting to sweat, refusing to accept that he was now limited to his immediate surroundings to find a place to empty out his bladder.

“Let’s try the time chamber first,” Kakarot suggested. “That’s closest.”

As much as he didn’t want to admit it, that wasn’t a bad idea. The thing was a portal to a different dimension, if Vegeta went in by himself he’d suddenly have more privacy than he’d ever had in his life. Just a few minutes in there wouldn’t do anything to hurt him. Plus, if it took him a while to start peeing, it wouldn’t matter— Only a few seconds would pass on the outside no matter how long it took him.

Except, Mr. Popo denied them access to it. He kept emphasizing how taxing it was to be in there, how people could only remain in the room for two days over the course of their entire lifetime, how they needed to SAVE that time for when they really needed it.

Vegeta really needed it NOW. His bladder had seriously started to LOOSEN itself as they’d gotten closer to the room, it HURT to have to pull everything taut again. He lost his composure for a second— just a second!— and his legs crossed together. Immediately, he forced them apart, but his bladder was still flaring and he felt the familiar pinch creeping up his back.

Kakarot was staring again, frowning. “We’re only gonna be in there for a couple seconds,” he said. “We just… I need to pee really bad, and the toilet’s not working. And Vegeta… Um… He… Uh… He forgot something in there the last time, he needs to get it!”

Mr. Popo wouldn’t budge, he said something about how going in and out so quickly could actually be just as harmful as overstaying their time. And he kept… Looking at Vegeta’s feet, which he was beginning to bounce, and Vegeta swore he KNEW and was getting some form of amusement out of this!

Kakarot led him off, thankfully fast enough that Vegeta didn’t accidentally SAY something. “Sorry, Vegeta,” he told him. “Let’s just go back down. Can you fly still?”

“O—Of course I can fly!” Vegeta insisted. He was shifting from side to side now. He KNEW he was doing it, and he was burning up with humiliation, but he couldn’t make himself stop. He felt like his insides were starting to come apart, pressure slamming forcefully against his opening, stings coursing through his lower back. That horrid pain was coming, he KNEW it was coming, and there was nothing he could do to stop it.

“Okay, there’s lots of trees and stuff down there, I’m sure we’ll be able to find you some privacy.”

Before they could leave, they were stopped by Dende, whom once again asked if they could talk.

Kakarot shook his head, “I still really need to—“

“It’s important,” Dende insisted. “It will only take a few minutes.”

So, Vegeta was forced to just stand there as Dende talked about… Something. Vegeta barely heard a word he said. All of his attention was directed inwards, to the flaring pressure in his middle and the biting pangs that occasionally appeared in his back. He was trying very hard to gauge how much time he had left before the true torture began. Right now, the sensations in his back were fairly dull and only occurring every few seconds. It was also still confined to his lower back, it didn’t start getting REALLY bad until it had moved far enough upwards.

Eventually, it was going to be nightmarishly painful, a feeling akin to being torn to shreds as something tried to chew its way out of his skin.

He wished his body could give him a warning in the moments leading up to that Hell, if he knew to brace himself he thought he’d be able to control his reaction to it a little better. He’d have an easier time not vocalizing his agony and drawing attention to it.

Vegeta leaned against the wall, trying to shift his weight around without being obvious. He shuffled a bit BEHIND Kakarot, hoping to stay out of Dende’s field of vision as much as he could. Once he thought he was hidden well enough, he twisted his legs together, trying to pin himself closed between them. That was better… It still hurt extremely badly, but he was at the point where ANY decrease in pressure— no matter how minuscule— felt amazing.

But, the reprieve only lasted for a second, and then his bladder was pounding again and begging him to do MORE to ease its discomfort. His fingertips tapped agitatedly against the wall. Vegeta didn’t trust his hands. The idea of holding himself was VERY tempting, and he had to consciously keep telling himself not to do it.

How much longer did he have to stand here? If he and Kakarot didn’t leave soon, then he probably WOULD have a difficult time reaching the ground. Flying, the feeling of the wind hitting him, it would be so taxing on his bladder…

Not that he’d have a choice in the matter. Since Kakarot apparently couldn’t teleport on an empty stomach, Vegeta either had to fly on his own, or— And he was nauseated at the very thought— have Kakarot CARRY him.

Unless there was somewhere ELSE he could relieve himself up here. The toilet was broken, he wasn’t allowed in the time chamber… Kakarot could still hold the door to the restroom closed, though. And, if he did that, Vegeta would have the solitude he needed. He could then get back at Dende for never bothering to get a lock, for procrastinating on fixing the toilet; He could urinate down the drain in Dende’s tub.

That was repulsive. It was vile. It was completely and utterly desperate. And, most importantly, it was thoroughly BENEATH him.

He would just fly down, and he’d do it without Kakarot’s assistance. Because he COULD. His bladder was already inconveniencing him by making him feel so uncomfortable, he was through with letting it impact his ability to function when it got too full. He was in charge of it. If he wanted to fly around while it spasmed and erupted and begged him to stop, then he WOULD. It was finally going to have to ACCEPT which one of them was in control.

Vegeta mentally repeated that to himself. He was in control of his bladder, not the other way around. It couldn’t force him to do anything he didn’t want to. It couldn’t prevent him from doing whatever he wanted. He was in control. He was always in control.

He got so focused on THAT idea that he stopped paying attention to what his hands were up to. Without realizing it, he’d begun to hold himself. He noticed eventually, noticed how much BETTER he felt, and decided to let it continue for a few more seconds. He DECIDED to do it, he really COULD stop whenever he wanted.

“Is he okay?” Dende asked suddenly, breaking off mid-sentence.

Vegeta snapped to attention, hands flying behind his back, legs untwisting but failing to move very far apart from one another. “Wh—What?”

“Are you unwell?”

“N—No,” Vegeta said, his hands moved to his sides, clenching and unclenching. He was so damn tense. His teeth were grinding and he was starting to wonder how long it would take for his jaw strength to break all of them. “I’m fine.”

“Okay…” Dende said uncertainly, going back to… Whatever he’d been prattling on about before. It went on and on and on, and Vegeta felt like his whole body was being flooded. Pressure exploding everywhere, liquid rising and rising. He started to sway again, knees rubbing, jaw tightening. He was still shaking, and now that was just hurting him further, making the walls of his bladder contract and spasm so violently that he—

“What do you think, Vegeta?” Dende inquired.

What did he think about WHAT? All Vegeta COULD think was ‘Please, shut up and let me leave! I have to void so badly that it feels lethal!’ “Wh—Whatever Kakarot said!” Vegeta answered.

“Er… Alright…” Dende shrugged, and Vegeta tuned him out again.

It felt like several excruciating hours had passed before Dende finally let them leave.

“S—Sorry about that,” Kakarot said. “You’re still able to fly?”

“Of course!” Vegeta snapped. He was shuffling back and forth, even now that Kakarot’s full attention was on him. He just could NOT go still anymore, he couldn’t even manage to get CLOSE. The urgent blares of extreme need required him to move. His bladder was FORCING him to do something again— Making him dance around like a moron. No matter how many times he told himself that HE was in charge of his bladder, the statement refused to come true.

“We can go around the back, so Piccolo won’t… Um… See…” Kakarot suggested.

Vegeta nodded. His fidgeting was completely out of his control, he could just BARELY tolerate having Kakarot watching as he came undone. Any more eyes on him, and he’d—

“Goku!” Krillin exclaimed, coming up behind him. “Gohan and I got the last of the dragon balls!”

Vegeta struggled for some semblance of stillness. He kept shifting from side to side, legs pressed very tightly together, shivers moving all up and down his body. He couldn’t make himself any more presentable than that, and Krillin was watching his restless motion in confusion.

Where had he even COME from?! Vegeta hadn’t sensed him at ALL. And, he usually COULD still sense chi when he was desperate— Just one more thing that set him on edge and prevented his bladder from releasing.

Come to think of it, he couldn’t feel Kakarot’s chi right now, either. He didn’t think he’d felt it all day, even though they’d continually been right next to each other. What the Hell? Was something actually wrong with him?

Vegeta clamped his eyes closed and did his very best to focus, the ice which had been solidifying itself against his ribs all day went a few degrees colder. He was supposed to be able to—

He could… Sort of feel Bulma’s energy, kind of dimly… Was she here? How close? Was she going to see him this way, too?

“Vegeta, are you okay?” Krillin asked. “You look kinda dizzy…”

“It’s— We’re so high up,” Vegeta choked out, hating the pathetic quality in his voice. “The air is thin, of course I’m dizzy.”

“Oh, yeah,” Krillin said. “You get used to it eventually. I brought Bulma and everybody,” he added.

Bulma WAS here. Vegeta would probably have to walk by her to leave the Lookout. Walk by her when he could BARELY walk at all. And, what did Krillin mean by ‘everybody’? How many others were present to witness him in this severe state of need? Gah, he could barely believe it had gotten THIS bad, he would NEVER let himself forget to urinate before leaving home again. He tried to REMEMBER when he’d last voided. He’d done it about an hour before he’d gone to sleep, and then he’d had his usual large bottle of water…

He glanced at Dende’s clock, and it took him a moment to figure out what it actually said— It must have been in Namekian, explaining the different symbols used for the numbers.

He’d been restraining that huge container of fluid for over seventeen hours now. The USUAL limit for how long he could last before his bladder unleashed complete Hell upon him was about a day. But, the usual limit only applied if he’d had very little to drink. That wasn’t the case now. He’d guzzled SO much water before bed, and it was all dying to be released.

“That’s great, Krillin,” Kakarot said. “Tell everybody to wait for a bit though, alright? Vegeta and I need to…” Kakarot frowned, clearly struggling to think of another excuse. “We need to—“

Before Kakarot could finish whatever he’d been about to say, Vegeta felt the sudden caustic rush of fiery acid erupting up his back like a geyser of pure, concentrated torture. His eyes blew wide open as, in the seconds after that initial flood of agony, it continued to gnaw at him more and more aggressively. It was so much worse than it usually was! And, typically it was one of the most awful feelings in the universe, so that was saying a LOT.

“H—Ahhh—“ Vegeta’s eyes screwed closed, his expression pinched as his knees buckled. His hands alternated between gripping at his crotch and uselessly rubbing his back as if he could soothe away the brutal torment that was still CONTINUING to increase. He felt like he was being lit ablaze and ripped to shreds simultaneously. When he opened his eyes again, his vision was blurry and unfocused, and he could barely make sense of anything beyond the fact that he NEEDED for this to stop! “Kakarot, I can’t wait anymore, I have to do it now!”

Ahhh, no! How could he have said that?! How could he have lost control so throughly, his body was a mixture of burning, horrid fire and solid, subzero ice, and the conflicting sensations only made everything hurt worse!

“Do WHAT now?” Krillin asked. “Vegeta, what’s going on?”

‘Kakarot, I will do ANYTHING you want if you can make yourself use instant transmission now!’ Vegeta thought. ‘Just get me out of here!’

“He’s… Um…” Kakarot stammered. “He’s… We just have to go, alright?”

“We were just about to summon the dragon,” Krillin pointed out.

“Just— Just a few minutes,” Kakarot said. “Vegeta, come on…” Kakarot was offering Vegeta his arm now, Kakarot was going to assist him with… With just WALKING, and Vegeta was in so much pain that he could scarcely bring himself to care. Just… He needed to be somewhere else, wherever the closest place was that he could RID of himself of the gallons of fluid trying to murder him. Once they were out of Krillin’s earshot, Kakarot said, “Don’t worry, I’ll tell everyone you’re just really sick.”

Losing to a virus was only SLIGHTLY less embarrassing than losing to his bladder, but Vegeta would take whatever he could get.

They were outside now, and Krillin really HAD gotten everyone. Bulma was there, along with Trunks. Goten had showed up, Android 18, Chi-Chi… Everyone witnessing as Vegeta was forced to allow Kakarot to SUPPORT him as he struggled to walk properly.

He wasn’t walking properly at all. His legs kept knotting up, every step made more acid slosh up his back. The edge of the Lookout seemed so far away. Vegeta didn’t dare LOOK at anyone, and he could still only sense Bulma’s chi— And just BARELY at that— Yet he KNEW everybody was staring.

“We need a couple minutes,” Kakarot called over. “Vegeta got REALLY sick all of the sudden, we’re gonna go down and see if Korin’s got anything to help!”

Vegeta suddenly turned and pressed himself more into Kakarot’s side, trying to use him for cover as he urgently gripped himself. The only thing more humiliating than having everybody WATCH as he clung onto Kakarot, would be to have them all see him clutching at his crotch like he was about to—

All at once, Vegeta felt a heinous snap, one that thundered through his abdomen and careened up his back. It was the worst pain he’d endured all day and, although it had only lasted a second, it made him yelp. Once it subsided, something felt… Better. A LOT better. So much fucking better…

Dazed, it took him a second to actually grasp what had changed, and then horror took over, incinerating all the pleasant feelings instantaneously. He was voiding, his bladder had broken apart in much the same way it had done during their camping trip. Only this was so much worse, because it wasn’t JUST Kakarot present to witness it.

He strained against Kakarot’s side, trying to pick up his pace. Even if he couldn’t ‘make it’ in time to relieve himself correctly, he could at least get out of here before anyone noticed what had happened! But, he was going so forcefully, it only took a few seconds for it to burst through the material of his clothing and begin splashing loudly against the floor, and—

“Woah, what?” He heard Krillin ask. “Is he actually—“

“Dad DID say he was sick…” Gohan murmured.

“He must be REALLY sick,” Chi-Chi said. “Poor thing.”

“How the Hell can someone piss that much?” Android 18 asked.

“Pfft…” Goten giggled. “Heheh, Trunks, your dad’s having an accident!”

“Shut up, Goten!” Trunks said. “YOU had one of those last week!”

Vegeta felt a hand on his shoulder. He was still uncontrollably pissing, now immobilized from the brutal embarrassment. “Vegeta…” Bulma said. “It’s okay…”

Fuckfuckfuckfuck! Vegeta couldn’t breathe at ALL. He hadn’t been lying earlier, the air WAS thin up here, and now that he felt his lungs collapsing and his throat closing up as the icy horror overtook him, he swore he was starting to suffocate. He— He was going to—

They got multiple wishes with the dragon balls. He’d use one of those to erase everyone’s memory of this! He could pretend it hadn’t ever happened, he could—

Vegeta’s eyes drew open and he found himself staring at the bedroom ceiling. Tension eased from his body and he breathed deeply as his horror and panic evaporated. Oh… Oh thank fuck… That had all been a nightmare. A horrible, awful nightmare. He hadn’t actually embarrassed himself irreparably in front of everyone he knew. He hadn’t—

Wait.

His need to relieve himself hadn’t followed him out of his dream.

But, the wet feeling around his crotch HAD.

No. Nonononononono— He bolted upright and moved the sheets, refusing to believe this was even possible. There was no way— No possible way in HELL could he have actually—

But, he had.

He, the prince of all Saiyans, had managed to… Had managed… Had… Failed to wake up in time. He’d recreated a humiliation that hadn’t happened to him since he was a two year old. And this time was far, far worse. First, and most obvious, he was WAY too old to be doing this. Second, Bulma was RIGHT there next to him. Third, his bladder was… CONSIDERABLY larger than it had been when he was two, and it must have been VERY full in the moment it had released.

He was absolutely soaked, the sheets were just… Drenched. It had probably gotten all the way down to the mattress… Even if he SOMEHOW managed to change the sheets without waking Bulma, he was sure the mattress was stained and the only way he could deal with THAT would be to just to incinerate the thing, and—

How could he have done this!? His bladder ALWAYS woke him up— It was his body’s fucking alarm clock!

Damage control— Damage control! ‘Bulma, I got really thirsty last night, and I was so tired that I spilled the water—‘ That wouldn’t explain the smell… ‘Trunks needs to stop hanging around with Kakarot’s brat, just the other day I heard him babbling about that ridiculous hand-in-warm-water trick, Trunks must have wanted to test it out!’ He didn’t want Trunks to be disciplined for something he hadn’t actually done… ‘It’s sweat! You know how much I thrash around when I’m sleeping, I must have been dreaming about fighting!’ But, the wet spots were only around his crotch… ‘I… Must have been dreaming about you!’ Wrong consistency, not to mention there was way too MUCH of it.

Dammit, the only excuses he could think of were all terrible! Maybe he could dry the bed off with his chi! Yeah, he’d charge just enough, keep it in his hands, and wave them over all the— More likely he’d just burn the sheets up, and that would be even harder to explain.

He had to do something. So long as no one else found out, he could pretend this had never happened. It would be hard, but he’d force himself to forget it. Then it would never happen again. He couldn’t let anyone else kn—

Bulma started to stir.

Shitshitshitshitshit—

Panicking, Vegeta laid back down on his side and pretended to still be asleep, if only to be granted a few more minutes of peace before he had to come to terms with what he’d done to himself.

Bulma sleepily opened her eyes and yawned. As had become somewhat of a routine, she glanced over at Vegeta to gauge how much he was squirming. Some mornings, if he looked too uncomfortable, she’d try to nudge him awake without him noticing. She was still wary of his decision to drink the majority of his water before bed, she didn’t even WANT to know what would happen if he ever—

Vegeta wasn’t fidgeting in his sleep at all. Hopefully that meant he’d gotten up in the night and she just hadn’t heard him. But, there was a distinct smell in the air and when she leaned closer to him, her hand came into contact with something clammy.

Fuck. After all that time spent building up his confidence, this was going to completely destroy it. Bulma would have to start over again. Would another holding contest with Goku do anything? It had worked like a charm the first time, but would doing the exact same thing again have any significant effect?

What could she do to fix this? Maybe she should… Snuggle up with him REALLY close without waking him up. Vegeta wasn’t a huge fan of cuddling. But, sometimes when he was asleep, he’d start to do it without noticing. She could hug him tightly now, and when he woke up… ‘Ah, Vegeta I’m so embarrassed! I can’t believe I did this— And it even got on you! Oh, this is humiliating!’

Would her own clothes appear wet enough from just embracing him, though?

‘I got up last night for a drink and I couldn’t see where I was going! I must have spilled it!’ Directly onto Vegeta’s crotch? He’d never believe that. Besides, the smell was obvious. ‘Hmmm, I should have a chat with Trunks about how jokes like this aren’t funny. I’m sure he got the idea from Goten, I think I heard him say something about doing this same thing to Gohan once.’ Trunks would be so confused if his father was suddenly angry with him for something he hadn’t done. ‘Vegeta, I barely got ANY sleep last night, you were flailing around SO much. Look, you even worked up a sweat!’ But all in one spot?

She couldn’t think of anything convincing. When Vegeta got up, he was going to know EXACTLY what he’d done, and he was going to feel horrible.

Maybe she could manage to change the sheets without waking him! Maybe—

“Bulma, just say whatever you’re gonna say,” Vegeta prompted.

Dammit. He was already awake.

“… Are you okay?” She asked. She knew it was a dumb thing to say. Obviously, he wasn’t going to be alright after this.

Vegeta didn’t even deem that worthy of a response.

“Has this ever happened before?” Dammit. Another stupid question. Even if it HAD, like Hell was he gonna tell h—

“… A few times when I was two,” Vegeta said.

He’d… Admitted to something embarrassing. He’d come right out and said it. There was still hope that his self-esteem wasn’t completely trashed. Careful… Careful… Bulma felt like she was trying to diffuse a bomb, one wrong move and everything would go to Hell. “It’s—“

“Don’t you dare say that this is okay,” Vegeta interrupted. “That I could ever do something so pathetic and childish. I’m supposed to be—“

“This was… One time,” Bulma said. “The sheets can be washed.”

Vegeta didn’t CARE about the stupid sheets. He’d prefer to just destroy them.

“I don’t judge you for it,” Bulma offered. She was surprised to find that her statement was true. It was his choice to chug water right before bed all the time, she’d always KNOWN this was a possibility if he kept it up, so it would be easy to blame him for it.

But, all of this was so difficult for him. He was obviously TRYING to conquer his problem, even if his methods of managing it weren’t always the best.

“Doesn’t matter. You SHOULD be judging me,” Vegeta said. “Anyone else would.”

Bulma paused. A lot of people probably WOULD laugh hysterically if they’d found out Vegeta had wet the bed, that was true. She could think of one person that definitely WOULDN’T though. And, Vegeta would never admit it, but HIS opinion mattered more to him than almost anyone else’s. “I mean, I know Goku wouldn’t. I’m sure of it…” She hesitated again. “I can’t believe I’m telling you this… Basically, one of the first things I did after I met Goku was have an accident in front of him.”

“… What?!” Vegeta demanded. Kakarot had stood there and watched as Bulma— “What did he do?!”

“I—It wasn’t like it was his fault,” Bulma said. “He didn’t do anything weird… I mean, when I said I had to go, he was really confused about why I didn’t want him to follow me, but that was it.”

Huh. So Kakarot’s social skills actually HAD improved. That first day years ago, the second he’d figured out Vegeta wanted privacy, he’d understood it just fine. He must have gotten any irritating questions about it out of his system with Bulma.

“But, when I went off to go, I got grabbed by a dinosaur,” Bulma explained. “And Goku had to come save me. And, I was just getting bounced around so much, and I was so scared, and it just… Happened. And you know what Goku thought about it?”

Vegeta shrugged.

“Absolutely nothing. He couldn’t even figure out why I was upset.”

So, then they’d both… Disgraced themselves in front of Kakarot. That wasn’t something Vegeta particularly wanted to have in common with her, but she was correct in saying Kakarot wouldn’t judge him for tonight. So, that made two people that wouldn’t make him feel like a disgrace.

‘Pitiful, weak, worthless—‘

Frieza would tear him to shreds over this. After… After the ‘incident’ when he was four, Frieza had indeed told Vegeta’s father about what had transpired. Vegeta had been made to stand off to the side as Frieza rehashed the very same comments about what a feeble creature he was. However, there had been an addition; “About what I’d expect, considering he still wet his sheets at two.”

And, Vegeta had felt utterly betrayed. Only his parents had known that Vegeta had accidents in his sleep at that age! So, that meant one of them had told Frieza! Why would they do that to him!? Sure, they’d never been super warm, no Saiyan parents WERE, but he’d still always sensed that they at least loved him!

Father told him that Frieza only found out because he had access to all of Vegeta’s medical information, and that had been included in one of the notes. Even after that, it took a while for Vegeta to trust his parents again. He was only just STARTING to a year later, when he suddenly wasn’t able to talk to them about anything ever again.

Frieza had said it was disgraceful for him to wet the bed at two. To do it NOW was beyond—

“What are you thinking about?” Bulma asked.

“N—Nothing,” Vegeta said. “Just… Uncomfortable.”

Bulma nodded. “You can shower first,” she said. “I’ll take care of… Other stuff.” She pointedly avoided mentioning the sheets, or WHY Vegeta may be eager to clean himself off.

“Right…” Vegeta said.

In the shower, he tried to stop thinking about his… incident. He particularly tried to stop thinking about it possibly happening again. He’d known all along that his decision to drink so much before bed was risky, but he’d also been convinced that THAT couldn’t possibly happen to him. Now that he knew it COULD…

Bulma was going to keep making him drink the same quantity. Saving the majority until bedtime, when he’d be close to the one place he could reliably urinate, was the only reason he could HANDLE it. Loading up on fluids at any other point during the day put him in danger of overflowing in a location where he wouldn’t be able to empty his bladder. But, doing it at night meant that he may…

Why did he NEED to drink water, anyway?! Why did he NEED to have a bladder to begin with?! If this stupid thing would just get the Hell out of his way and leave him alone, his life would be so much better.

Bulma didn’t mention it again for the rest of the day, and Vegeta sure as fuck wasn’t going to bring it up. Yet, it lingered in his mind the whole time and, that night, he was wary of going to sleep. “I’m not tired,” he said. “Gonna go train some more.”

Bulma narrowed her eyes. “Vegeta…” She had a feeling she knew where this was headed. He was going to refuse his body sleep in fear of a repeat of last night. He’d keep that up for way too long, probably coming to some ridiculous conclusion that he actually functioned BETTER without sleep since it opened up more time for training. Eventually, he’d pass out from exhaustion, hopefully not anywhere too inconvenient.

Nope. Bulma wasn’t having ANY of that. “You can go to sleep,” she said.

“Later.”

“No. Not later,” Bulma said. “Lay down.”

Vegeta didn’t.

Ugh, this was worse than making Trunks go to bed… “It won’t happen again.”

“You don’t know that!”

“You’ve only done it ONCE in your whole life,” Bulma said. “The times when you were a toddler should hardly even count. It’s extremely unlikely that you’ll suddenly start doing it every time you fall asleep.”

“Of course it is!” Vegeta said. “I could never—“

“Then it’s FINE if you go to sleep now!”

Vegeta got into bed. It took him longer than usual to actually FALL asleep. He was so paranoid that he got up an extra time to relieve himself. That process took a while since the shame of the previous night was still clamped coldly around him, and he really wasn’t USED to trying to pee when he didn’t need to do it urgently. It was sort of like his bladder couldn’t believe he was letting it empty without it needing to torture him for a couple hours first. He managed it eventually, and then finally fell asleep.

He had another dream in which he was desperate, but when he noticed that he couldn’t sense the chi of anyone that was near him, he understood that he was dreaming— That was the biggest and most obvious sign to look for, he realized.

The next morning consisted of him hurrying to pee, rather than the abject horror of yesterday.

It was one time. He would never let it happen again. Now that he knew how best to determine if he was dreaming or not, he didn’t even think it COULD happen again. He had to forget about it, he had to push it from his mind, until the memory of it became so distant that it no longer even felt real.

Just so long as nobody ever REMINDED him of this incident, he could pretend it had never happened.

