Sabe's refresher experience

Author: starwarsomo

*000*2024-04-07 01:29

(Based on a Canon comic Darth Vader: Dark Heart of the Sith)

(Background: Right after Battle of Hoth, Vader seeks revenge on those who hid the secret of the birth of Luke from him and also the death of Padme )

(...Vader arrived on Vendaxa, searching for clues. Sabe, imposed as Padme, tries to kill Vader but failed inside a base. However, later, they have a mutual goal to unwrap the mysteries related to Padme, together they boarded on a Imperial Lambda shuttle with death troopers, setting course to the senator's homeworld, Naboo.)

"From the sweeping at Senator Padme Amidala's apartment of Coruscant, we have accquired the location of the lake retreat, where more investigation can be carried out." Vader said, briefing to Sabe as well as death troopers. Despite of her temporary cooperation, Sabe was actually plotting a plan to kill Vader, luring him to the lake retreat and the ambush party will take action, she must stay vigilant and alerted, and not giving Vader the slightest bit of suspicion. But for now, there are a much urgent matter need to be cared of--her bulging bladder--last time Sabe uses the refresher was about 6 hours ago, where she was still on Vendaxa, the liquid she consumed accumulated in her aged bladder. In the past, Sabe have the perk of an iron bladder which is useful in diplomatic affairs, however, as she gets older, her sphincter became weaker and her bladder capacity decreased.

"Urghh-- it's so full! When will Vader end his briefing and I can use the refresher?" Sabe thought, caught by desperation, she instinctively slips her hands into her crotch and tightened her thighs, a sense of fear arose inside her, fearing if she loses control over her bladder and piss herself, she'll be a shame of Padme and Naboo Royal House, also endangering the dignity of herself.

Sabe wore a white grid-patterned vest and grey trousers, fastened by a holster, she can felt a spurt of pee escaped the bladder and dampened the panties, she jam her hand even more tighter in fear of wetting herself.

Lord Vader seems to have finished his briefing and walks to his seat, desperated Sabe seized the opportunity, stood up , "Lord Vader, if there are no more important points I'm going to be excused. Heading to the refresher with body bent for a little, Sabe was interrupted by Vader as he blocked her way at the staircase away from the cabin seats, "You're going nowhere you sly rascal" said Vader, finding this woman untrustworthy as she attempted to assassinate him recently ,"But my Lord I need to...urinate badly, may I pls use the refresher?" requested Sabe. "You may, under my supervision." Vader answered, "Wh-what..." Sabe stopped debating as she felt her bladder was bursting, perhaps showing her pussy to the Lord is better than messing herself, "Th-thank you my lord" she said, and paced to the refresher with Vader following.

Once have the door locked, Sabe quickly unloose the belt and pull down her trousers, with Vader watching 1meter away, to Sabe's horror, when she just about to relax her bladder, she realised she's wearing a one-piece black body glove instead of panties, implying that to clear a path for her pussy, she must remove all her clothes, at the same time, a short burst of pee spurt hit the toilet bowl w/ a splash "cling" sound, also dampening the crotch part of body glove. Under such circumstances, Sabe reluctantly remove her vest, unzip the body glove and pull it down after taking a glance at Vader. Vader watch as this Padme lookalikes, revealing her large jiggling boobs and shaved pussy, he was turned on by her body despite of her age worned face and thining hair.

With the path to pee all-cleared, Sabe relaxed her sphincter muscle and start pissing, strong stream of yellow liquid hit the metallic toilet bowl, creating a loud hissing sound, Sabe unintentionally moan in relaxation, which aroused Vader, he eventually force-knocked her unconscious, and...you knew

&&

&&

*003*2024-04-18 06:43

{{On 4/16/2024 at 3:47 AM, wedgeantilles said:

Same here, I always love SW content!

}}

Thx

