Don't be a stranger

Author: SecretPerson

*000*2023-12-28 09:18

You know, there’s a statue in Norway called “Don’t be a stranger”. It’s in a city called Asker, in a spot called Bakerløkka Square. It looks like this:

&&

&&

Obviously, being a statue, it’s always there. And you have to wonder… after sitting out in this public square for 24 solid hours a day, day in and day out, never moving or going anywhere or even standing up… don’t you think she needs to pee??

Here’s what I think. Even a statue can’t hold it forever, so you have to assume that, at some point, she’s getting up and going to take a piss. I haven’t heard anything about an unusual number of earthquakes in the area, so she must be incredibly light-footed, able to move silently despite being a 20-ton concrete block in form, perhaps by making use of the same magic that enables her to move at all. But even magic can’t make you be somewhere you’re not, and I doubt the citizens of Asker would be happy if one day they showed up to Bakerløkka and found their statue had stood up and walked away. No, obviously she can only go when no one is around, which means for one thing, she can only go at night, and for another, she can mostly only go Sunday through Thursday, with the late-night city-prowlers of your typical Friday or Saturday evening keeping her firmly at her post the other two nights of the week. Consecutive nights, I might add.

Sunday evening is a bit dicey as well, as everyone knows Sunday is the best night for a romantic date, and it’s not too uncommon for there to be enough couples walking around that she just never gets a chance to go. The morning sun of Monday’s dawn, almost as often as not, catches her glancing imperceptibly back and forth, looking anxiously for one last chance to step away before the rush hour crowds take to the streets, but ultimately being forced to twist her grimacing face back into the sculptor’s intended expression of invitation and admiration, and to stifle her by-this-point quite significant urge to squirm on the spot.

&&

As you can imagine, the constant exhausting demands placed on her bladder have trained it to be an impressive specimen of patience and capacity. When she gets to pee on Sunday evening, she might not go again until Tuesday evening, passing up her chance to pee on Monday not because she doesn’t need to go – the urge sets in within 12 hours every time – but because she can wait, and finds it more relaxing to stay put. (She is a statue, after all.) The same reason might keep her on her knees Wednesday night, and then on Thursday she gets up again to relieve herself before the weekend rush.

&&

And when she doesn’t get to go on Sunday, then of course she must pee on Monday (even giant doe women have limits) but after that she might wait until Thursday, ignoring her need for two nights in a row even when it’s of course very noticeable on the second night, and uncomfortably urgent by the third when she finally gives in. Maybe she thinks her bladder empties itself more completely if she waits longer, and that she’s therefore better preparing herself for the long haul… or maybe she just takes a little pride in her ability to prioritize what she really cares about: serving the citizens of Asker with her welcoming and gorgeous presence.

&&

Naturally, every now and then there are some close calls. Both in the sense of her needing to rush back to her station when she was off taking a break lest she be caught off duty by a passer-by, and in the sense of her getting stuck right where she belongs for a little too long. If the third night of a hold is uncomfortably urgent, then the fourth night (i.e., a Monday night after having to hold through Friday, Saturday, and Sunday) is usually borderline painful. Humans are infamously unpredictable, and nobody knows it better than a doe statue who’s stuck waiting for a couple of randos who decided to hang out on the bench right behind her after work to get a move on so she can go drain her bladder of more than 300 liters of piss. Overall, though, she manages herself pretty well, and generally enjoys life despite the interruptions caused by her inconvenient urges.

But what if one day, our curvy lady got put in a situation she couldn’t handle?

Let’s paint a word picture. Our one and only human character will be Jada, a tourist from France, visiting Norway for the last week of her Summer vacation before going back to finish up college. Give her green eyes, a round face, long black hair that she wears all sorts of pretty ways, and skin the color of dark walnut wood. Equip her with a strong but nervous heart, a journal that she brings everywhere and uses to write down poems when she’s feeling inspired… and a recent breakup that’s been giving her plenty to write about. And bring her to the Bakerløkka square on a Thursday night, halfway through her visit to the Nordic region, up past her usual responsible bedtime but further from sleep than she’s ever been. Since there is a second character on the scene, the doe statue now needs a name; I will call her Sue-Anne, or Sue for short.

Having been kept in her spot by couples all Sunday night, Sue’s penultimate pee had been one of those highly-necessary Monday ones, the ones she just couldn’t possibly not take after keeping herself under control for nearly a hundred hours straight. And normally, those were the ones that would last her until Thursday… but this time, sitting around on Wednesday evening, she just hadn’t been able to shake the distracted, antsy feeling of having a bladder that’s a bit too full for comfort, and in the end, she’d picked herself up, tip-toed down to the river she used as a bathroom, and let loose a four-minute stream into the running water. So when Jada wandered by the next night – and Heaven only knows how this story would be different were this not the case – she was only on the first night of a new hold.

&&

The ladies’ first encounter was brief and informal. Jada wandered by, hands in her pockets, poem journal under her arm as always. It was her first time in this particular square; she looked up at the statue as she passed by (utterly unaware that the statue was looking back at her), stopped for a minute to appreciate its artistry and see if it would inspire any artistic words in her, and then resumed walking past.

This was the sort of interaction that Sue lived for. She’d given up years ago on the task of wondering what was going on in the minds of those who walked by. Nowadays, she just appreciated the attention when it came (including when it was lustful, or even downright lewd, as it often was) and silently wished happiness into all their lives. As mentioned, people didn’t come by too often this time of night on a Thursday, so when Jada had come and gone and half an hour had passed since then without a footstep or a word of conversation to be heard, Sue decided that it was as good a time as any to get that pesky Thursday pee out of the way.

But just as she made to stand up, she did hear a footstep. And then another, and another, and more, until Jada appeared once again, coming back from the direction she’d left to the first time. The girl stood herself in front of the statue and looked it up and down, in much more detail and with much more focus than before. She walked around, pacing about as slowly as anybody could ever care to, taking in Sue’s form and contemplating the craftsmanship once again, before finally coming back around to the front, looking the stone lady in the eyes, spinning around, and sitting herself down on Sue’s ungiving stone lap.

“Have you ever had your heart broken, doe?”

“…”

The human girl shifted her position to get comfortable. At first it seemed like she was actually waiting for an answer, but after some time, she went on without one.

“I don’t even know why I’m talking to you. I guess I’m just sad. I need someone right now. I don’t mind if you can’t talk back.”

“…”

“Do you understand English? I speak French too, but I guess in Norway that doesn’t get you very far. Sorry that I can’t say it all in Norwegian.”

“…”

“I want to tell you about my girlf– well, about my ex. Heh. We only broke up a week ago, I’ve gotta stop calling her that before it gets weird. I dunno. Is that okay? People must come here to talk to you about their problems all the time. You look so ready to listen… I bet you’ve helped people, even though you’re just a statue.”

“…”

“Well. Might as well start at the very beginning. I hope you’re okay with this, because it’s gonna be a long ride.”

“…”

“I met her at a bar in my sophomore year…”

–

Come Friday morning, Jada was gone. Sue didn’t always sleep at night – she had the ability but usually not the need – but when she searched her memory, she found she didn’t remember Jada leaving, nor did she really remember anything beyond the outlines of a long and winding tale of unfortunate love. She surmised that the Z’s had come for her.

But the one thing she didn’t have to remember came to the front of her mind rather quickly: she still needed to pee. The physics of fluids remembered that fact on her behalf. And seeing as she’d just held it all Thursday night, until dawn and the morning rush came to work their shift of holding her down for the entire weekend, she had a sinking feeling it wasn’t going to let her forget. She’d slept last night, but suddenly her belly felt heavy and her face felt flush, and she suspected she wouldn’t sleep tonight.

&&

Fear is the mind-killer, and the worst part of Friday by far was the fear that spent the day creeping up Sue’s sides and around her body, poking and prodding her for attention and tickling her in indecent places. There was nothing new about being on the second consecutive day of a hold; what was new about it was that it was only Friday. Feelings that would be confidence-inspiring on a Sunday and par for the course on a Saturday were dread-inducing when they came a day earlier than that. When the crowds thinned out between the morning rush and lunch, and again between lunch and the afternoon rush, Sue allowed herself to turn her head just slightly to get a better look at her surroundings. There was nothing to do – getting up during the day was categorically too risky to attempt – and nothing really to see either – since she obviously knew the area well – but somehow she still had the urge to look, and somehow, appeasing the urge did pacify her mind just a little.

But the concern only grew as the day pressed on and turned to evening, when the party-goers came out like they always do, and killed any hope Sue might have had that she’d magically get a reprieve from them. I said earlier that Sue always started needing to pee within 12 hours of relieving herself. She would say otherwise; to her, the 12-hour mark was when she became aware that she would be capable of peeing again if it was required of her, and the first night of a hold was when her body started letting her know that a bathroom break would be useful – not needed.

But now? Now, on the second day, she needed to pee. There was no denying it to herself, when she made such a habit of ending holds after just this amount of time. Every other week or so, she threw into jeopardy her perfect track record of having never failed to be exactly where every human in the city expected her to be, for no other reason than than to empty her bladder, after only two days of waiting. She’d done it just earlier in the week, and if fate would have permitted it, she’d do it again now.

Loud party music and the screams and shouts of drunk 20-somethings didn’t bother Sue (and what a hell she’d be in if they did) so she was able to spend Friday night meditating on various soothing thoughts about how things might not be so bad after all. For one thing, there was the obvious: yes, maybe this Sunday would be one of the ones that kept her at her station by force, but maybe it would be one of the ones that would let her step away for a minute.

Then the weekend hold would be no longer than typical: it would end on the fourth night, and she’d be uncomfortable and even in a bit of pain, but only the kind of pain she already had to deal with now and then, and knew she could handle. Yes, maybe every day for the next week would be dry as a bone but maybe it would rain sometime between now and when she hit her limit, and she would be able to empty her tank, even if only partially, by very slowly releasing it into the natural flow of rainwater, as she had done once before in a dire situation not too different from this one. And yes, maybe her bladder would fill as fast or faster than it usually did on average, but maybe it would fill slower, and she would simply be able to hold her pee until Monday night, rain or not.

And in the end, she made herself so confident and comfortable that sleep found her anyway.

–

But Saturday morning dashed most of her hopes. She woke up to a bright sun, a clear sky, and a bladder that was filling ahead of its normal schedule. What fickle gods controlled her urges in this department, she didn’t know, but today they were not smiling on her. “Uncomfortably urgent” was already beginning to sound right as a descriptor, and the sun was barely over the horizon. A few early birds were out and about (so no chance to lie to herself and pretend it was still night and ergo safe to sneak away) and as the sleep drained from her mind, she realized it was already taking effort not to squirm. Millions of eyes had seen her but not one had seen her move, at least not enough to be perceptible to human vision, and although she knew at the bottom of her heart that it was imperative to maintain that streak, jitters were jitters. Her legs didn’t quite want to cooperate, and it was executive function – not inner peace – that kept the cat in the bag.

&&

So the sky turned from pink to blue, and Sue needed to pee; and the weekend tourists all crowded around and took pictures of her and made fun of her naked body and touched her indecently, and Sue needed to pee; and the lunch rush came and went, and Sue needed to pee. And at some point during the day, the word “badly” came to haunt her mind, stuck in her ear like an irritating pop song, and wouldn’t go away. She didn’t want to admit to herself that it was apt, to think of herself as someone who could get stuck in a predicament like this, but it was getting harder to deny by the second. Another wave of tourists; another wave of laughter and touching; a dinner rush. All in all, it was an experience that Sue was quite used to. It was everything a Sunday should be, typical in all respects… except for the fact that it was happening on Saturday!

And finally, it came to evening, which meant that it came to the part of the hold when Sue was used to waiting around hoping for a lucky chance to stand up and go answer the call of nature. This time there was little chance of it, but she found her heart spinning up into that mode anyway. Years of practice and experience had taught her to approach the problem patiently under normal circumstances.

A full bladder, even one full to the brim, was nothing a lady like her shouldn’t be able to handle with dignity, grace, and sense. Desire was desire, but risk was risk; her personal rule was never to abandon her post within thirty minutes of someone walking by. She was used to putting the twinges of need aside and counting backwards from 1800 – the number of seconds in half an hour – in her head, never letting the perceived urgency of the situation tempt her to count faster than one number per second, and dutifully resetting the clock every time there was a human.

This time, though, with the stress of the situation ripe inside her soul after simmering for two days, with the thought of getting unlucky tomorrow too at the forefront of her mind, and with far more people around than there usually were during this exercise, well… Sue was hardly getting past 1500 before needing to reset every time, and for once, she was letting frustration get to her. It had been a while since she’d passed up a chance to think positive thoughts about a human who found themself in her sight, but tonight, things were just a tad less friendly up in her mind.

The whole night passed.

Sue did not get a chance to leave.

“Forgiveness is a virtue,” she thought. “Forgiveness is a virtue. Forgiveness is a virtue.”

–

And so, the hold got to the point that Sue’s holds only ever got to involuntarily: the fourth day. Her normal method of dealing with the fourth day was to focus on other things. Normally it would be Monday, and the crowds of Norway would mostly be at their jobs, leaving her area relatively empty and giving her the space she needed to deal with a bladder that was, frankly, beyond full. Normally, there would be opportunities peppered throughout the day for her to shift position, just a bit, just for a moment, to appease her body so that she could maintain her composure better long-term. Normally, the most urgent and difficult part of the hold came to her with good timing, when she was best equipped to address her discomfort and when she could see the light at the end of the tunnel. Normally, she would be in control.

&&

As previously harped upon, this time was different. The Sunday crowd conflicted in her mind with the feeling in her tum, and parsed to her as uncanny and discordant. The attention, which she normally welcomed and enjoyed, felt stressful and constraining. And the lewd component of said attention, which had once confused her but which she had learned to understand and even revel in, felt different today too. What she normally saw as a wholesome, modest display of her stone-borne sexuality, her mind was now interpreting as a ridiculous and inappropriate self-exposure. When she normally felt confident and appreciated, her bladder was making her feel vulnerable and embarrassed.

And the yellow cherry on top was that she was still noticeably worse off than she would normally be by this point. By noon, she needed to pee about as badly as she had that one Monday night when the two randos had been hanging out on the park bench behind her for hours… which was to say, she was pretty much desperate.

So the afternoon crawled on, and Sue tried to tell herself that she’d be okay. Two of her three hopes were still technically alive – that she’d get a chance to pee tonight, and that it would rain soon. The sky was clear, but there was no reason beyond blind pessimism to believe that the other wish wouldn’t come true. For all she knew, this could be the last day of an entirely normal, run-of-the mill hold by her standards. Well… except for the uncomfortable thoughts that were racing through her head every time some female-attracted bean felt up her tum or put their hand on her ass.

The discord in her mind was unlocking some seriously buried feelings in her. Could people tell when she needed to pee? Were they touching her more because of it? Did they find her situation as laughable and pathetic as her better self pretty much did? Do other statues go through this stuff, or was it only weird little Sue?? Her body was being even less cooperative than the day before, requiring even more willpower to clamp down in place and sit still for the nice people of Asker, and every time she fought off a wave of temptation to start wriggling around, her brain told her that she was being ridiculous and pathetic for needing to go this badly.

Clench after clench got her to and through the dinner rush, until finally, finally it got to the point in the evening where she might actually get a chance to go to the river. Like, realistically, as opposed to the BS she’d been feeding herself yesterday to try to stay hopeful. There was no “pretty much” about it anymore – Sue was desperate to pee. The river would be seeing her at its earliest available appointment. She didn’t have a choice; her bladder situation was going south fast.

So the counting began. 1800… 1700… 1600… reset. 1800… 1700… 1600… 1500… reset. 1800… 1700… reset. 1800… 1700… 1600… dammit. (It had been a while since Sue had sworn, but she wasn’t entirely above it in times like this, and this seemed like an apt moment to use her “one”.) Last night, this exercise had frustrated her to the point of thinking discharitable thoughts about her beloved citizens; tonight, it was starting to downright freak her out. Everything between her hips was in pain, and the thought of “cheating” her rule just a little bit continually flitted through her mind.

There are only so many hours in an evening, reader, and if you keep resetting a countdown, it will never complete. Would it really be worth peeing herself all over Bakerløkka Square just to respect an over-cautious “rule” she’d made up naively within the first week of being set up? If she did lose control, there would be far too much pee to blame on a human. Everybody in the area would know she was a gross little pee slut who couldn’t get a grip on her bla–

–No. No, no, no. Sue was not going to let her thoughts get to her – not here and now, when she was still within the normal range of hold durations, and when at any moment she might be released from the hell that was springing up around her. It was just pee. It was just pee. She could handle pee. It occurred to her that she had been counting just a minute ago, and had lost count when her mind had turned to other thoughts. That was okay, she told herself. She took a deep breath – in, out, being careful to avoid actually moving her chest in the process – and began again from the top.

So, Sue’s bladder was unnaturally full.

And, there wasn’t a cloud in the sky.

And now, the young couples of Asker were just. Not. Leaving. One would walk by every ten minutes or so, often with one of the partners making direct eye contact with Sue, making her feel watched and nervous and embarrassed all over again. Sue had never been so tempted to break the rule in her life. So many times this evening so far, she could have stood up, dashed across the field to her river, pissed to her heart’s content, dashed back, and easily made it back in time before the next couple walked by. Easily!

But no, here she was, having a bathroom emergency but tormenting herself for no reason, and if things kept up the way they were going, she’d be heading straight into day five of still not emptying. She waited until the coast was clear, and then sighed. The logic of the rule made sense – it really did. Longer periods without people meant fewer people in the area total, and therefore a better chance of making it back in time to not be missed. But with so many missed chances right in front of her eyes and still coming in fast… it was just making her crazy.

The hours dragged on; Sue’s bladder got even fuller; there was no opening.

At some point during the night, her bladder’s volume surpassed what it had reached that one fateful evening when she’d pissed on the town square in the rain, and entered personal record territory. Not that it exactly mattered to Sue – she didn’t know the moment it happened, of course, and she was completely bursting either way. But if you’re curious, I happen to know the numbers. Her previous record had been precisely 398 liters – enough to fill a sphere 91cm in diameter – and she surpassed this record at 2:25am on Monday morning. Not long after, she crossed 400, and by sunrise, the total volume of piss inside her, in liters, was 417.

&&

How she got through the fifth day was beyond her to imagine in advance or remember after it happened. Owing mostly to her bizarre need to piss every once in a while despite being made of stone, she had never in her life up until this point even sat still for five days straight, let alone held her pee for that long, and her muscles were beginning to feel sore and stiff. She badly wanted to change posture, not only because the piss was on the verge of coming out, but also because she just wanted to stretch. The crowd ambled past her like they always did, with just a few glances in her direction, but every single one felt like daggers flying through the air and stabbing into her on impact.

Her abdomen was in constant hot pain. It was taking her full concentration not to move; if she let her guard down for one second, her legs would shift or her hand would twitch or her knees would knock together, or something… and if she let it down any longer, she might well begin to leak. She had never before had this much trouble hiding her desperation from the human world, and if things went much further, it was starting to look like the truth would come out one way or another. What anyone would see if they looked at her was an innocent, static stone statue; what she really was was a dire bursting emergency hiding behind nothing but vain willpower and the authority of the mandate that had dominated her mind ever since she came to life: don’t move.

A few tourists came by before lunch, but there were never as many on the weekdays as on the weekends. The first one just looked at her and then shuffled on. The second one spanked her. And the third walked all around her again and again taking picture after picture, renewing her feelings of embarrassment and her desire to know whether anyone could tell what state she was in. The thought of anyone finding out about her secret was mortifying, and the photoshoot (regardless of that consideration) only served to humiliate her. By the way, I happen to have one of that tourist’s photos right here… she may not look any different on the outside, but know that on the inside, she’s barely holding herself together, and is just inches away from losing control and letting a firehose of piss spray out all over the concrete.

&&

Sue wouldn’t have guessed it possible this morning (though by now, anything that would make her life harder seemed possible by default, even inevitable), but in the afternoon, her need got even worse. If she thought it was a dire emergency before, well… reader, now it was a dire emergency. One last tourist came by and reclined on her lap for a bit, and the contrast between appearances and experiences was awful.

The human couldn’t have been more cavalier, or have put less thought into what an inanimate object might be experiencing at that particular moment; but the inanimate object’s experiences couldn’t be more lucid and visceral. Her bladder situation was bad, and spiraling. If before it was taking her full concentration not to move, now it was taking her full concentration not to just start pissing all over the ground; she didn’t know how she was sitting still. Sue was 5 times the height of a normal human, and hence had around 125 times the bodily volume; that, plus her naturally large bladder, her patient demeanor, her strong will, her obligations, and her years of practice, made her quite formidable in this department of life.

But reader, even statue girls have their limits, and this one needed to leave her post – badly. 5pm came, and work let out, and the crowds shuffled by again, and Sue was hanging on by a thread. Her face was flushed; her heart was pounding; her hips were quivering imperceptibly (she just couldn’t hold completely still no matter how hard she tried) and her pelvic muscles were in a constant state of agony and exhaustion, straining to maintain the clenching force they’d been exerting continuously for hours at this point, clamping down on pee that wanted to force its way out, unable to relax for even one second lest she explode.

The doe was locked in a desperate game against her bodily urges, and all it would take for her to lose would be for someone to hang out in Bakerløkka Square for a few hours, keeping her tied down to her spot and unable to take a break. As humiliating as it was to admit it to herself, that was really all it ever took. Without her chances to sneak away, the poor girl was unequivocally incapable of keeping her bladder in check.

The crowd dissipated, the sun set, and Sue had the first relieving thought she’d had since Friday morning: I’m almost there. She only needed to hang on for a bit longer. Her rule, which she’d so meticulously upheld during the hardest hours of the previous night, was already out the window for tonight. Sue was going to spring up and go pee the moment the coast was remotely clear, even though it was a risk. At this point, the bigger risk was that she wouldn’t be able to wait. She was going to piss herself, imminently. This needed to happen.

Finally, the moment came. Nobody was around, and there were no sounds of footsteps, near or approaching. Sue stood up–

–and then immediately snapped back down again, when, with the height advantage gained from standing, she saw a familiar someone approaching the square. It was Jada, notebook under her arm like before, looking forlorn once again. The girl approached the statue (apparently not picking up on the internal vibe of extreme panic that Sue felt she was giving off), looked her up and down once again, and then sat herself down on Sue’s lap like she’d done before.

“Hi again.”

“…”

“I just wanted to come back and give you the resolution to my story I was telling the other day. My plane leaves tomorrow evening. I don’t live here, I don’t know if I mentioned that. I’m from France.”

“…”

“Anyway… I was thinking about stuff. I think being out here in a foreign country really helped me, although it took a few days to set in. I… gosh, you know, it’s weird how normal it suddenly feels to talk to you. You’re like an old friend to me now. What’s up with that?”

“…”

“Well. Like I was saying. I think being out here really helped me. Because, I don’t know, somehow seeing a city full of people living their lives, gave me a better perspective on my own life. I mean, I live in a city, but it’s just a bunch of people I know. Not literally. But like… ugh. I dunno… I think being out here reminded me that the world is so much bigger than me and my life, and so the space of possibilities is a lot bigger than just what I’ve tried so far. That I don’t need to go back to what I knew before to be happy. I can just uproot myself and start walking in any direction, and maybe I’ll end up better off than before. You know?”

“…”

“You know, I think you do know. I think you really do get it. Maybe not in the literal sense, but I felt a lot better after talking to you the first time, and I feel a lot better talking to you now. I think maybe there’s something inside you that listens, and understands. Maybe that’s all I needed, is to be understood. Even if the one who understands me can’t t– whoa!! Was that an earthquake?”

But it wasn’t – Sue just couldn’t fucking control herself any longer. Her leg had shifted up by an inch under Jada’s body in a frantic last-ditch effort to stop pee from coming out. Sue snapped it back to what she thought was the right position as quickly as she could, before Jada could fully register what was happening… but not before she knew something had happened.

“Holy crap, doe, did you feel that? That felt like an earthquake! I – gah!”

And here again, Sue was involuntarily writhing under the hapless human girl’s form, and this time, before she could think, she breathed a quick “sorry!”

Jada lept up, spun around, and switched to an outdoor voice. “You can talk?!”

Sue was still, and silent.

“You… you can… no. No, that’s…” Jada looked around, an embarrassed expression on her face. “That’s dumb,” she whispered to herself.

She stared at Sue’s lap in visibly conflicted feelings for a moment, debating whether to get back on or not.

“Hey, um,” she began. “I’ve gotta get out of here. Us humans are kinda fragile, and if there’s going to be an earthquake, if there’s going to be more tremors… I can’t be near a huge stone statue when it happens. Okay? Sorry, I hope that’s not insulting. I just… I gotta head out. Um, bye.” And she turned tail and hurried away.

–

In the end, Sue did inspire a poem in Jada’s heart. It would be one that she wrote on the plane back to France, in that cabin-pressure high, the kind of mood that only comes when you’ve spent all day in an airport and are desperate for something interesting to do, and she would always look back on it with confusion, curiosity, and eventually plain amazement.

It was a poem about a dream she’d had while in Norway – a dream so vivid that she remembered it like it really happened. She dreamed that, on the last day of her trip, she’d gone back to visit a statue of a large, humanoid doe that she’d already visited once earlier on. She dreamed that she had talked to it about her feelings, the ones inspired in her by her stay in the Nordic city. She dreamed that there had been an earthquake (or maybe that the statue had moved underneath her – it wasn’t clear) and that it had spoken to her briefly, but that she hadn’t been able to make out what it had said.

But strangest of all – and this was how she knew it had only been a dream – was that after saying goodbye and turning the corner on her way back to the hotel… well, Jada had dreamed that she’d doubled back to say one last thing to the statue. But when she got back to where it had been…

…it wasn’t there!!

