Railgun-Sama's Commissions

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-10-14 23:59

After posting a bunch of my commissions in individual threads, I figured I'd start compiling them into one thread so it's easier for people to find my stuff! Also, I did mention in one of my commission posts that I was opening story commissions, but I hadn't drawn attention to it with a dedicated thread, so I figured I'd do that here, too! I will post actual commissioned stories in their own separate threads so they are easier to find in general, but I will post links to them here so they're easier to keep track of. I will also monitor this and answer questions regarding commissions here. Before you ask a question, however, please read this basic info.

Commission Info:

> My rate is $5 for every 500 words, with a 5 dollar discount for every 2500 words (so, for instance, a 5000 word story would be $50 minus $5 for every 2500 words, so $40). Prices are negotiable. Payment invoices are sent through Paypal, and are created as a business transaction for digital goods.

> I write mostly female pee desperation, and it is what I am most comfortable with, though I am open to commissions that put me out of my comfort zone. Futa, yuri, bondage, and certain other tangential fetishes are fair game, so long as the main focus is female. Diapers, bedwetting, and messing are not my forte, but I will accept commissions on all of these, once again, so long as the subject is female. Anything not explicitly mentioned here is down to my discretion.

> I am willing to accept both prompts, outlines, or just general, vague ideas as a commission, and am willing to work together with you through DMs to arrive to a story you will be satisfied with.

> If the story in question is for a series I have not yet seen/am unfamiliar with, I am willing to familiarize myself with the series. However, as this takes more time and energy on my part, I will charge extra for it.

> Before I begin writing, I generally send a finalized outline for how I plan on writing the story. I will confirm this with you ahead of time to make sure all the major details are in place. To avoid me having to make significant changes after I've sent the finished story, it is at this stage that you should voice your concerns and desires over story details.

> After I have sent you the finished story, I am willing to make any minor fixes and slight adjustments to certain details to best suit your idea of the finished product.

>Stories will be posted here at the discretion and with the permission of whoever commissioned the work. If you wish for me not to post the finished story, or if you wish for me to post it but wish to remain anonymous, I will honor both of those requests.

If you have any general questions about commissioning me, you may post them here, but if you wish to commission me, please contact me through my DMs.

Here's a compilation of all the commissions I've done and posted so far, so you can check out my work and see if it's something you'll be interested in:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed8234026871" scrolling="no" style="height:206px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/62739-girlfriend-and-desperation-a-kanojo-okarishimasu-story/?do=embed"

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed2441704243" scrolling="no" style="height:206px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/61472-bunny-girl-senpai-omo-stories/?do=embed"

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed9101341664" scrolling="no" style="height:206px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/61243-two-nisekoi-stories/?do=embed"

*001*2020-10-15 00:09

Also there's this story, which I posted shortly after making this thread. In hindsight I should have posted that one first and added this to the list, but oh well:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed4895944343" scrolling="no" style="height:202px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/62888-an-innocent-competition-a-highschool-dxd-omo-fic/?do=embed"

*003*2020-10-16 21:43

Sure thing! I sent you a DM with my discord name, so you should be able to find me through there.

*004*2020-10-27 05:07

I'm a dumb and forgot to update this with the story I posted earlier! Here's my latest commission:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed8678618996" scrolling="no" style="height:222px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/63153-what-happens-in-lilycove-a-dawn-and-rosa-omo-fic/?do=embed"

It was interesting to write because I've never written about diapers before (they're typically not my thing) but I hope I did a good job! There's also some traditional desperation and wetting in there too, though, so I wasn't totally in a new element.

*005*2020-10-30 05:10

My latest finished commission! This one was a big one, and writing for a blind character was really challenging! Still, I'm happy with the way it came out!

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed525169084" scrolling="no" style="height:202px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/63227-a-day-at-the-mall-a-katawa-shoujo-story-staring-lilly/?do=embed"

*006*2020-11-13 04:19

My next two commissions! I didn't finish these at the same time (I finished Vacation from Relief much earlier) but I forgot to post one, so we're posting both at the same time!

The first is a story about a couple who are on vacation together, and the guy has a fetish for watching desperate girls hold it. His girlfriend doesn't, but has really odd bathroom habits and puts it off for as long as possible, even when bathrooms are availible. The guy gets desperate in the story too, but as that's not my thing, I don't go into too much detail about it, and most of the focus is on the girl:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed4417805129" scrolling="no" style="height:202px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/63538-a-vacation-from-relief/?do=embed"

The second stars Umi, Kotori, and Honoka from Love Live, as they get locked in a hot springs and are forced to hold it:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed6844028651" scrolling="no" style="height:202px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/63535-trapped-in-the-hot-spring-a-love-live-story-umi-honoka-kotori/?do=embed"

*008*2020-12-15 01:46

Another couple of commissions!

The first is a story staring original characters, a bunch of nurses caught in a ward with no bathrooms during a security lockdown. One of them gets the crazy idea to use a catheter and a pump to take on some of the contents of her friend's bladder, and it all snowballs from there. As mentioned, this story has elements of external bladder filling with catheters, so if that's not your thing, be warned.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed8297395130" scrolling="no" style="height:225px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/64357-locked-in-the-coma-ward/?do=embed"

The second is a story starring Makoto Nanaya from BlazBlue, out for errands in Kagutsuchi. She forgets to go to the bathroom at a cafe and gets caught desperately searching for one, while also trying to catch a monorail to the lower areas of the city.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed6899429139" scrolling="no" style="height:204px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/64358-an-eventful-errand-day-a-blazblue-story-starring-makoto-nanaya/?do=embed"

*009*2020-12-20 01:21

My next commission post! This one's a messing story, something I'm not into myself and am not used to writing, but hopefully I did a good job! (Messing warning, naturally):

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed1777536737" scrolling="no" style="height:204px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/64449-truckings-a-dirty-job/?do=embed"

*010*2021-02-11 23:30

Another commission post! This one I finished a while ago, but didn't get around to posting until just now! I've been writing a lot of private commissions lately, but I forgot I had this one that I can actually post! This one's a pee desperation story and definitely in my wheelhouse, being a story about Hanekawa from the Monogatari series. (Speaking of, I haven't forgotten my old Omomonogatari story, don't worry!)

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed2725290831" scrolling="no" style="height:204px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/65687-hanekawas-dilemma/?do=embed"

*012*2021-02-25 00:49

I am still open for commissions! Please DM me with your commission request!

*013*2021-04-19 04:23

It's been a while since I posted, but I've finally gotten some time freed up and am once again open for commissions! I haven't changed the prices but I am getting rid of the 5 dollar discount per 2500 words, since it was causing some weird problems with pricing and word count and I generally think my prices are fair anyway. Outside of that, everything is the same!

In addition, I have some stories to post as well! The first is a Re:Zero story staring Rem, unable to make it to the bathroom while doing chores around the mansion:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed2628479930" scrolling="no" style="height:222px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/67268-rems-desperate-morning-rezero-fanfiction/?do=embed"

The second is a P4 story staring Chie, Yukiko, and Rise, all of whom find themselves desperate to pee after getting roped into working at Junes for a day by Yosuke.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed6024691156" scrolling="no" style="height:202px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/67271-the-girls-revenge-a-persona-4-omo-fanfiction/?do=embed"

Please DM me if you're interested in any story commissions!

*015*2022-02-10 02:05

It's been a while, and I've been on a bit of a break, but I am still taking commissions!

First off, here's my latest work (it was a big one!)

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed4178790734" scrolling="no" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/74502-the-sisters-ordeal-an-toaru-majutsu-no-index-fanfic/?do=embed"

Secondly, allow me to address this (long overdue) question by @Omotaku

{{On 8/4/2021 at 12:13 PM, Omotaku said:

I would be interested in a commission work since I totally like your work. Problem is I can't DM you.

One question in advance. Are you familiar with yahari ore no seishun love comedy wa machigatteiru (Oregairu) or Sound! Euphonium?

}}

I am not familier with either of those series (though at this point I should probably just go watch Oregairu since it's come up a lot in discussions about commissions for me. As for being able to DM, and this is a general thing, if you are interested in a commission, but unable to send me a DM, feel free to post things here and I will message you. However, if you are able, a DM is preferred.

*017*2022-06-06 06:11

Responded! Also time to post more links to my stories for the portfolio! I am still taking commission and I'm open if any of you want a story! Here are my latest works, including one I posted a bit ago, but didn't link here:

This first one is a slumber party with the DDLC crew (WARNING: CONTAINS MESSING!):

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed1157568470" scrolling="no" style="height:328px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/77163-an-unexpected-challenge-at-the-slumber-party-a-ddlc-story/?do=embed&comment=1975605&embedComment=1975605&embedDo=findComment#comment-1975605"

This second one is a story about Kotori getting stuck on a weekend drive with her mom while desperate:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed6344721566" scrolling="no" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/78001-a-desperate-weekend-drive-kotori-from-love-live/?do=embed"

This third one is a sequel to the last Toaru story I posted above, once again staring Misaka Mikoto and Misaka 10032, but it can also be enjoyed standalone! It's a slow buildup and got a lot of story, but I had a lot of fun writing it and I think it's worth it if you enjoy the Toaru world:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed435674354" scrolling="no" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/78002-a-complicated-conflict-a-toaru-majutsu-no-index-fanfiction/?do=embed"

I always have a lot of fun writing, and thank you to everyone who commissioned me! If you enjoy my work and would like to commission me, my DMs are open!

*018*2022-07-18 06:19

My two latest stories!

This first one is similar to a commission I wrote a while back, it's a Monogatari fanfic where Hanekawa argues with and sees an image of Black Hanekawa in her mind while she's holding it on a train ride:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed4317178891" scrolling="no" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/79351-hanekawa-and-the-neko-a-monogatari-fanfiction/?do=embed"

The second one is a story about two recently-graduated seniors attending a summer field trip to an Aquarium. Neither are too fond of using public restrooms, let alone the tiny toilet on the back of the bus, and even when they get there, they find themselves with full bladders and little options.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed5614407978" scrolling="no" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/79353-the-senior-trip/?do=embed"

I had a lot of fun writing these! If you want to commission me for a custom story, please feel free to DM me!

*020*2022-11-28 05:01

It's been a while, but I have some more commissions to post! I'll also take this time to remind everyone that my commissions are open and anyone interested in a story from me is free to dm me! Anyway, for the latest stories, they're both continuations of "An Unexpected Challenge at The Slumber Party", which you can find linked on this thread! That means they're both DDLC stories, and they reference events from that story.

The first is a story where Yuri struggles with her conflicted feelings around wetting herself at the slumber party, among other things. She gets into the habit of holding it so she never wets herself again, but we'll see where that goes. Unlike the previous story, this one is solely wetting-focused, so if you're not into messing, this one's still safe. It does get a bit steamy towards the end, though, as a head's up:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed2334023160" scrolling="no" style="height:208px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/83499-discovery-and-desperation-a-ddlc-story/?do=embed"

The second is a story where Natsuki is roped into a messing contest with Sayori. The challenge: Mess in the riskiest place and outdo the other. Natsuki's new to messing, but she's got a competitive spirit that drives her to try to one-up Sayori anyway. Naturally, this one focuses solely on messing, though there is some wetting at the tail-end:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed4376874176" scrolling="no" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/83500-competition-and-awakening-a-ddlc-story/?do=embed"

*021*2023-02-25 23:12

Here's another wave of commissioned stories! This first one is a Monogatari story where Kiss-Shot is caught out during the day and has to take shelter in the shade with no access to a bathroom! It's a solo-focused desperation story with a surprise at the end~

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed2459016686" style="height:277px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/86633-in-the-shade-a-monogatari-fanfiction-kissshot/?do=embed&comment=2060965&embedComment=2060965&embedDo=findComment#comment-2060965"

The next story is a Borderlands story where Moxxi coerces Lilith to help her make a tutorial for new female Vault Hunters on how to pee standing up. This one is more focused on the peeing and the outdoor setting, but I couldn't help but sqeeze a little desperation in there too~

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed96291611" style="height:308px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/86634-washrooms-of-the-wastelands-a-borderlands-story-lilith-and-moxxi/?do=embed&comment=2060969&embedComment=2060969&embedDo=findComment#comment-2060969"

The final story is a huge omo marathon staring ALL of the OG Love Live girls! They're trapped in a venue after hours with no proper bathrooms, and as the night goes on they might be forced to improvise, though some of them are more open to the idea than others! This one really challenged me with juggling all the girls and their differing personalities, but in the end I love how it turned out and I hope you enjoy it!

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed2712793288" style="height:277px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/86635-locked-in-the-venue-a-love-live-story-all-the-%C2%B5s-girls/?do=embed&comment=2060974&embedComment=2060974&embedDo=findComment#comment-2060974"

If you're interested in commissioning me for a story, I am currently open to taking new ones right now and my DMs are always open!

*023*2023-02-26 11:32

@warham1995

If you're interested in commissioning me for a story like that, do let me know. My DMs are open! Otherwise, I'm not taking requests for non-commissioned stories at the time. Sorry!

