Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*018*2023-04-24 20:41

Something DID eventually occur to remind Vegeta of the disgrace of that night.

Weeks had passed, and he hadn’t… Done anything to the sheets again. It really WAS just one time, and it didn’t look as though it would happen again. He was still consistently having dreams in which he was maddeningly desperate, but he always woke up from them in time. The dreams were intensifying, however.

In a couple of them— The ones that felt the most real— He’d actually get to the restroom or somewhere else private and he’d even start to GO. However, he’d just stand there peeing for ages without feeling even the tiniest hint of relief. Eventually, the flow would cease and immediately he’d feel like he was going to explode again, which would cause him to realize that it was all a dream. The reason he didn’t feel any better after relieving himself was because, in the real world, his bladder hadn’t emptied at all. Usually, a couple seconds after that, his back would start to hurt in that agonizing way, and his eyes would shoot open.

He could evidently sleep through a lot of desperation, but he COULDN’T rest much longer once the acid had decided to scorch its way up his back. No matter how deeply he’d been sleeping, once the sensation of boiling, caustic agony had flared beneath his ribs for long enough, he’d be wide awake.

The worst thing about that was how he still got… Vocal when that degree of agony slammed into him. It made him yelp and cringe audibly. Depending on how bad it was, he might even shout. He couldn’t stay quiet in those moments, the harsh, acrid burn corroding his insides was just too much to withstand in silence.

The first several times he woke up that way, his hands kneaded between his legs so tight that they were going numb as the bitter acid tried to rip him apart, he’d gotten lucky. Bulma hadn’t been next to him, she’d already gotten up and gone to the shower. So, when that humiliating, wounded noise slipped from his lips, she hadn’t HEARD. He’d sat up, rocking against his clenched palms for a second to at least TRY and reign some of the agony in. And, once he finally felt confident in his ability to move, he’d gone to the door and knocked on it, fighting to keep the pathetic urgency from his tone as he ordered Bulma to hurry up.

She didn’t need to know that he could get so desperate that it hurt him as badly as some of Kakarot’s attacks could.

But, eventually, his luck ran out. He shot awake feeling like he had two massive spears jammed through both his kidneys, and when he tried to sit up, it was like he was sloshing even more smoldering fluid up into them. The torment was so horrific, and as usual he moaned out loud; “Haaannnh— Ahh—!”

But, Bulma had still been in bed. And, since Vegeta was incapable of doing anything softly even when he WANTED to, the noise he’d made had woken her up.

“Vegeta, are you—“ She rubbed her eyes, looking him over. The sight was kind of surprising. She’d never seen him display so much desperation before. He was folded over on himself, hands wedged in the crease of his body, legs trembling. Bulma had seen him accidentally grab at his crotch a few times, but he’d always yanked the hand back away quickly, ashamed of what he’d done. He wasn’t letting go now.

And, what was that weird, strangled noise he’d made?

She knew he definitely didn’t WANT to be seen like this, so she turned the other way. “Oh…”

Vegeta wanted to straighten himself out, he wanted to stand up and walk to the restroom in a way that looked completely normal, and fine, and not about to fall apart. It was so difficult just getting out of bed, though! And when he eased one hand away from the vice grip it had over his crotch, he felt a burning heat directly at his opening and placed the hand BACK in a panic.

He stood there for a few seconds, trying to regain enough control to start walking.

Bulma realized he wasn’t moving and, for a second, horror seized her. When she realized she didn’t hear any hissing sounds, she relaxed. Was it just making it hard for him to move? Did he need some—

It didn’t matter if Vegeta NEEDED help or not, there was no chance that he’d actually ACCEPT any.

Bulma stood up anyway. She came to his side. “Are you okay?” She repeated, placing a hand gently against his lower back, and—

Vegeta jerked away hurriedly, his breath hitching and another odd sound squeezing out past his clenched teeth. “Nnnh—!” He finally started to move then, hurrying on stiff legs to the restroom. Bulma heard the lock being put in place, followed by more panicked breathing and shuffling.

That… Wasn’t how Vegeta acted when he was just being stubborn and wanted to prove he didn’t need assistance or sympathy; He hadn’t yelled at her. It was more like her touch had somehow caused him pain.

How in the world could SHE have hurt Vegeta that badly?! The man continued to fight when he had broken bones! She’d BARELY even touched him! She could understand it if her hand had been near his bladder, but it HADN’T been…

In the restroom, Vegeta was trying to steady himself enough to actually pee. His heart was thundering hard, he felt dizzy and nauseas, and like every one of his internal organs was flooded with acid. The pressure was everywhere, and his back was still so—

Ah, fuck! He hadn’t thought that the kidney pain could be made WORSE. But, it could! He’d never been touched RIGHT THERE after the aching had begun. Now that he knew what even a LIGHT touch felt like, he was thankful his opponents usually attacked him from the FRONT during battles.

He’d always thought that, when he had to fight while holding it in, his lower abdomen became his most vulnerable spot. Now he knew that wasn’t true. Once his kidneys decided to start exploding, ANY touch to that area would be a cruel and unusual punishment.

The pain still hadn’t subsided. To his frustration, it hurt so much that he couldn’t pee. He kept tensing up every time his back flared, holding muscles clenching against his will.

When his bladder decided to cede and began to drain, even just those first stinging spurts felt amazing compared to what he’d been experiencing in the moments leading up to them. He strained for a few more seconds and at last managed to get his stream to burst forth completely.

Finally, it was done, it was all going to come out now, he didn’t need to FORCE it. This was the only time he was HAPPY that he didn’t have to continue fighting with something. This opponent wasn’t phased by any of his usual tactics, battling it was just a horrendous chore, each victory against it bittersweet since he knew it was only a matter of time before he had to do it all over again.

At least he could feel good in THIS moment, though. He felt wonderful, the stone of his bladder cracking and going soft, the pressure lightening up more and more with each second. ‘This is one of the good parts,’ he reminded himself. ‘You have the strongest bladder in the universe— Ten times the size of Kakarot’s! And when you finally DO get to empty it, it feels great.’ It wasn’t all bad… This enemy was tougher than anything he’d faced before, but every time he defeated it, he was always handsomely rewarded.

Vegeta struggled to turn off the embarrassment he felt over how enjoyable this was. It was such an embarrassing function, the way it made him want to moan with pleasure was aggravating. Sometimes he had to shut his eyes to help him forget himself a little bit, to let the pleasure overpower the shame it brought him.

Outside, Bulma started to worry again. That noise Vegeta had made when he’d woken up had been concerning, his reaction to being touched so gently was troubling, and now he was… He’d been going for a VERY long time, even for him.

He’d actually paused a couple times and Bulma had assumed he’d finally finished, but then the hiss picked back up again.

She tried NOT to stress about it. Obviously, Vegeta COULD hold that much. If he was actually overflowing himself, then he wouldn’t have… ‘made it’ in time. His bladder just had an unusually high capacity, and that made sense; He was an alien. She shouldn’t EXPECT his body to work exactly like a human’s did. He did PLENTY of other things that a human wouldn’t be able to survive.

She still kept comparing him to Goku, though. Were Saiyans SUPPOSED to vary that wildly when it came to bladder sizes? True, she only had TWO to base that off of, and maybe BOTH of them were outliers, but…

Trunks could wait longer than most eight year olds, she supposed. So, maybe it was just their biology. Maybe Vegeta wasn’t causing his body any internal damage.

She heard the toilet flushing and the sink running. Finally, he was done… That must have taken more than five minutes. Last night, before bed, had he forgotten to—

Vegeta came back out, red in the face. He was ALWAYS blushing after he’d finished peeing, even after all the progress he’d made the embarrassment kept clinging to him anyway.

“Are you okay?” Bulma asked once more. She really wished he’d learn to answer that question truthfully. She wasn’t even sure why she kept ASKING it. “Did I hurt you somehow before?”

“Of course you didn’t,” Vegeta scoffed. “Just… Don’t touch me there when I’m… You know.”

‘Don’t touch his back when he needs to pee,’ Bulma thought. That was strange… She knew Saiyans had bladders in the same spot humans did— Not in the back. “Why your back?”

Vegeta looked at her, confused. “What do you mean?”

“What’s wrong with touching your back when you have to—“

“O—Only when it’s… Intense,” Vegeta qualified. “You know.”

“No, Vegeta. I DON’T know. What are you talking about?”

“Don’t be obtuse. You DO know exactly what I’m—“

“I don’t,” Bulma insisted.

Vegeta tensed his fists. “I can’t believe you want me to say it… Y—You know! When it gets… urgent, and so you start to feel it—“

“Vegeta, are you trying to say that, when you need to pee badly enough, you have pain in your back?”

Vegeta rolled his eyes. “Yes. That’s how it WORKS.”

That wasn’t how it was SUPPOSED to work at all… “Where exactly IS the pain? What part of your back?”

“… Starts really low, then it moves to right below my ribs.”

“Vegeta, that’s where your kidneys are!”

“I am AWARE of that.”

“That’s… Really bad,” Bulma said, worry increasing again. He clearly thought that the feeling was normal, that everyone had it and that, at most, he just got it more often than most people did. He thought it was normal, which meant he felt it all the time. He was consistently damaging himself all the time. He WAS holding his bladder until it overflowed, but since the mental block was so strong, instead of it spraying out of him, it moved back UP. “H—How often does that—“

“It’s only when I’m… Uh… ‘Bursting’.”

When did Vegeta actually CONSIDER himself to be ‘bursting’? Doubtless long after anyone else would have. “That’s… I don’t have that happen. Ever. Not even when it’s an emergency. That isn’t supposed to happen.”

Vegeta thought that over for a second, then decided “It must only happen to Saiyans.”

Bulma didn’t think so. If the pain was so bad that it made Vegeta yell, then if GOKU had ever felt it, he would have TALKED about it. Bulma had seen Goku desperate plenty of times, and he was VOCAL. She knew that, if he’d ever experienced back pain, he would have mentioned it. “Does this happen to Goku?”

Vegeta shrugged. When he’d been fused with Kakarot, one of the first things he’d been asked was ‘Vegeta, why do I feel it in my back?!’ So, he figured that meant he was unfamiliar with it. “Well, no. But that is to be expected. As you saw, my ability to restrain myself far exceeds that of Kakarot.“

Bulma sighed. “I doubt that’s the only reas—“

Bulma was cut off by a knock on the bedroom door. Bulma went to open it, finding Trunks, still in his pajamas, holding his pillow against himself. His expression was troubled, brows furrowed, cheeks pink, eyes wide.

“It’s early, Trunks,” she said. “Are you alright?”

Trunks just stood there. After a few seconds, he started to shake his head.

“What’s wrong?”

Trunks squeezed his pillow harder. “I… Um… I… Can I talk to Dad?”

Bulma wasn’t sure what Trunks thought he’d GET out of that. He was obviously upset about something, and Vegeta didn’t even know how to have discussions like that. (Case in point; the one Trunks had just interrupted.) Bulma nodded anyway, and encouraged Vegeta to go speak with their son.

Out in the hallway, Vegeta abruptly demanded; “What is it?”

Trunks fidgeted in place, fingers digging into the material of his pillow. “Um… Dad… I… Uh… I…”

“Out with it,” Vegeta said. “I haven’t got all day.”

Trunks flinched. “It’s… I just… It’s… I…”

“If you don’t explain yourself, I’m just going to—“ Vegeta stopped abruptly, noticing Trunks’s eyes starting to shine with tears. Dammit… Why the Hell did it have to hurt HIM so much to see TRUNKS upset? For whatever reason, it pained him greatly. It made him feel like HE was the one who’d been hurt. Maddening. He made his voice sound as gentle as he could, which he knew still wasn’t particularly warm, but it was better than how he usually spoke. “Trunks, I can’t help you if you don’t tell me what’s wrong.”

Gah, now Vegeta sounded like Kakarot did when he was trying to get him to admit he needed something.

“I…” Trunks sniffled. “I… I peed the bed…” he confessed.

Oh…

Recollections of that awful night flooded back to Vegeta. The abysmal shame that had coursed through him, the horror at the realization that such a thing could even HAPPEN to him, the humiliation, the failure, the memories of Frieza…

His earlier fears that Trunks could develop his own ‘problem’ slammed into him as well. THIS could make Trunks associate urination with embarrassment and weakness. THAT was how it started, Trunks could end up inheriting the one thing Vegeta didn’t want to pass down to him.

Vegeta couldn’t let that happen… “This is the first time you’ve done it since you were very little,” he stated. There. THAT should make Trunks feel better! Since it had been so long, he’d realize this was a fluke— Just like how Vegeta’s one indiscretion had been a fluke— He’d be able to move on and forget about it, like Vegeta was trying to.

But, instead, Trunks just cried more. “I know! Why’s it happening again?!”

Okay, so that wasn’t the right thing to say… Vegeta TRIED to remember what HIS father had said to him the couple times he’d wet the bed as a toddler. Had father said anything? He couldn’t recall it, it was SO long ago! All he could remember was what Frieza had said!

“It’s alright, Trunks,” Vegeta said. He was trying to do the OPPOSITE of Frieza, but he felt so far out of his depth. Frieza’s treatment of him over his one accident and couple bed-wetting incidents was largely responsible for his bladder breaking. He was sure that doing the REVERSE would keep Trunks’s confidence from shattering, but just repeating ‘It’s okay’ to him over and over again didn’t seem to be doing much good.

“It’s NOT,” Trunks kept insisting. “I’m WAY too old to do this! Goten doesn’t even do it, and he’s younger!”

The worst part was that Vegeta could think of one thing he could say now that WOULD make Trunks feel a whole lot better…

No way in Hell could he say it, though.

He’d never be able to look his son in the eye afterwards.

So, he kept telling Trunks that it would be alright, that he’d likely never do it again, that he could wash off and pretend it hadn’t ever happened. But, none of it was cheering Trunks up, he was just blushing, shaking and radiating shame.

WHY had he asked for Vegeta?! Bulma was SO much better at these… ‘emotion’ things! The ONLY other thing he could think to tell Trunks was COMPLETELY off-limits! Trunks saw Vegeta exactly how Vegeta always WANTED to be seen. In Trunks’s eyes, Vegeta was the strongest, the coolest, the best. Trunks looked up to him, he couldn’t tarnish that view, especially not with something THIS disgraceful!

“Goten’s gonna find out when we fuse,” Trunks sniffled. “He’s gonna make fun of me.”

“Wha—“

“I won’t be able to stop thinking about it!” Trunks said. “He’ll hear my thoughts, and he’ll know!”

That WAS a cause for concern. What if Vegeta ever had to fuse with Kakarot again? Vegeta wouldn’t deliberately think about that night, of course, he wanted to forget all about it! But, sometimes when he tried NOT to think of something, it became all he COULD think about. He knew what would happen, he’d fuse with Kakarot and, no matter what else was going on, the first thing on his mind would be; ‘Don’t you dare think about that night you wet the bed.’

And Kakarot would respond; ‘What?! You wet the bed, Vegeta?!’

He could easily imagine Trunks doing the same thing, and he fused with Goten all the time, even when it wasn’t necessary. For some reason, he ENJOYED doing it.

“Well…” Vegeta struggled for a second. “Goten is Kakarot’s spawn, he probably DOES wet the bed all the time, but he just doesn’t tell you.”

Trunks shook his head, sniffling. “No, we were in the time chamber together for months, remember? He NEVER did it.” His breath hitched. “He’s going to laugh!”

Gaaah, what was Vegeta SUPPOSED to say?! Was he supposed to just tell Trunks that this WASN’T something to be ashamed of? He’d be lying to him! It WAS shameful! It was pathetic, it was weak and—

Vegeta realized he was only thinking those things in relation to HIMSELF. He saw HIMSELF as pathetic, weak and shameful for wetting the bed, but he didn’t actually see TRUNKS that way at all. He didn’t think he was capable of viewing Trunks as weak. Trunks was HIS son, any child of his would HAVE to be amazing.

Trunks probably wasn’t capable of viewing HIM as weak, either. He was his dad…

“I—It’s okay,” Vegeta said again. “It was just— One time, and it’s… Fine that it happened to you at this age.” Shit, was he really going to do this? Wasn’t there ANYTHING else he could say instead?! “It… It even happened to me once.”

Trunks rubbed some tears from his face. “When you were EIGHT?”

Vegeta felt some tension ease. Not much, but enough to be noticeable. It was so rare he experienced that sort of sensation that it took him by surprise for a second. Maybe he could get away with NOT telling the full truth here. “Yes. I was the same age as you,” he rushed out. “Exactly. I was eight.”

“Really?” Trunks looked up at him, and he DID seem to believe it. Good. Vegeta was NOT going to admit how old he’d actually been, and he didn’t NEED to. “You were out in space then, right?”

Vegeta glanced away. “Yes. I was in space. Because I was eight.”

“Were you dreaming about waterfalls? I was, and then I—“

“Such details are not important!” Vegeta interrupted. “Wha—What IS important is… I figured out how to stop it from EVER happening again— That was really easy for me, of course. I’m probably the first person that’s ever come up with something like—“

“How?” Trunks whined. “I don’t wanna do it again…”

“It’s easy,” Vegeta said. “In your dream, were there others with you?”

“Yeah, Goten was there.”

“But, did you sense his chi?”

Trunks didn’t reply for a second, then he shook his head. “I didn’t. That’s how to tell if I’m dreaming, right?”

“Yes,” Vegeta said. “So just… Pay attention to that, and you won’t have this problem anymo—“

“Wait… But, I thought you couldn’t sense chi until after you met Goten’s dad… And by then you were way older than—“

“I— I used a different method back then! I— Had my scouter still, and— It was VERY advanced technology, so if you went to sleep with it on you’d be able to see the readings in your dreams.”

“Oh,” Trunks said. “Do you still have one? I wanna try tha—“

“My last one got destroyed a long time ago,” Vegeta said. “And, Earth doesn’t seem to have the materials needed to make more.”

“Aw… Well, I feel better anyway. Thanks, Dad!”

***

When Vegeta went back to his bedroom, Bulma asked what had been wrong. “Trunks had an… He got his sheets wet,” Vegeta explained. Somehow, admitting that Trunks had peed his bed took almost as much out of him as admitting that HE’D done it… “I taught him how to tell whether he’s dreaming or not.”

“Alright,” Bulma said. “Is he okay?”

“I guess so.”

“And… did you remember HOW to load the washer?”

“… Huh?”

“Please tell me you DIDN’T just leave all the wet sheets in his room.”

“I didn’t go to his room. Was I supposed to do that?”

“YES, Vegeta! When your son wets the bed, you’re SUPPOSED to help him clean up!”

“How was I supposed to know that?!”

Bulma rolled her eyes. “A very ancient and powerful technique called ‘common sense’!”

“… Okay, so I take the sheets off his bed, and then what do I—“

Bulma trudged to the door, “FINE. I’ll do it!”

***

After everything with Trunks, Vegeta had forgotten about the conversation he and Bulma had been having. But, Bulma remembered it perfectly well. She remembered that Vegeta was putting himself at risk of serious harm.

He… Did that all of the time, though. He took off to fight people that were able to deal him all sorts of horrible injuries, and he did it with a smirk on his face. Then, when all was said and done and he’d gotten so battered that he could barely move, he’d eat a senzu bean or have Dende heal him so that he could do it all over again.

Risking his life and well-being was just how Vegeta operated. Bulma had needed to learn to live with that, it was the way of life for most of her friends.

That meant she should stop worrying about the damage he was causing his urinary system. Breaking his body parts was just what Vegeta DID. But, with this one thing, Bulma couldn’t let it go. It took her a while to figure out why it bothered her so much, when she just kind of accepted all the other dangerous things Vegeta did.

The senzu bean had been unable to cure his infection, which indicated the beans wouldn’t fix any health problems that arose from this. If Vegeta ruptured his bladder, or anything like that, she didn’t even know if Dende would be able to heal him afterwards. He’d need to be brought to an actual hospital, which he’d HATE. And, if he made himself seriously sick, if he had an infection that spread to his kidneys, and it became fatal…

The dragon balls couldn’t bring people back to life if they died from natural causes.

She knew she was probably over-dramatizing. The odds of Vegeta literally DYING from complications relating to his bladder-issue were very, very low. The worst case scenario was, more likely, hospitalization and all that that would entail for him. She tried to picture how Vegeta might emotionally HANDLE being in the emergency room while a group of medical professionals devoted all of their attention to him and his bladder’s functions.

She couldn’t imagine him even being ABLE to handle it.

But, he’d never needed to go to the hospital over this before, AND he was slowly getting better. Realistically, he was going to be fine. The worst wouldn’t come to pass.

It still disturbed her that his problem was evidently SO severe that he couldn’t even have an accident when his body desperately NEEDED him to. It made her want to step up the effort in curing him. It made her want to push him farther, to find a way to rid him of this once and for all.

But, it all felt so precarious. Too much, and he’d likely go backwards again. Too little, and he wouldn’t improve. This was probably the same sort of dilemma he faced when deciding how best to train his body, only even more complicated because SHE was trying to train his brain to act in a new way.

Bulma had to shove him a little further from his comfort zone. He still had never made any ATTEMPT to use a public restroom. He ALWAYS flew home instead. She could do absolutely NOTHING to convince him to try. Every time she suggested it, he scoffed “What’s the point? It will take me less than a minute to get home from here.” She always argued that it still sounded like an awful hassle, but that did no good.

Bulma was going to find some way to get him to try it. Even if he wasn’t able to go— If he just TRIED, that would be a step up from where he was now.

There apparently WAS a degree of desperation that was so severe it took away Vegeta’s ability to fly. She’d been able to figure that much out, since sometimes when they argued about it, he’d accidentally bark something out like “If I don’t leave NOW, it might not work later!” Bulma didn’t know how she’d be able to keep him grounded until he REACHED that point, though. And, it would also be extremely cruel to him.

She needed to get him somewhere far, FAR away from the house, and preferably somewhere that wasn’t near any kind of wilderness— Vegeta was apparently so uncomfortable with Earth’s public restrooms that he had an easier time relieving himself outside. She then needed to make sure he STAYED there for a while.

All the times they’d needed to gather dragon balls, they’d ended up going all over the place. If she sent Vegeta out to get them, then she was sure that at SOME point he’d be in a situation where he’d NEED to try using a public toilet.

That would work. She’d tell him she wanted them collected just in case they needed them soon. She’d insist Goku go with him, since whatever Goku was doing to assist him WAS helping. With any luck, he’d be FORCED to push himself like she wanted.

***

“What do you even want the balls for?” Vegeta demanded. “And do I HAVE to go with that damned Kakarot?!”

“Just in case,” Bulma said. “Probably best to have them on-hand if anything happens and we need the dragon, right? And Goku already HAS some of them, so you may as well take him along.”

“Well, why do I have to get them?”

“Because, if we end up needing to fight someone for a couple, we need someone STRONG to do that.”

“Fine…” Vegeta huffed. “Guess you HAVE to send me, then…”
