When the Rain Falls

Author: somerandomgirl

*000*2023-09-03 20:35

Character Subject- Emma

Point of View- 1st Person (Female)

Contents- Desperation, Wetting

Genre- Fiction

I sat hunched somewhat over a round, wooden, table, inside of our well decorated house, looking at the hanging skulls, dark colored plants atop bookshelves, black carpeting, and closed curtains covered in bats. That's what you get when you enter a house owned by two goth girls. Speaking of, my wife, Emma sits across from me. Today she wears a short sleeved, black, button up blouse with simple, black knee length skirt, and a pair of Mary Janes. You'd never guess the color. She doesn't tend to wear socks with these, and doesn't wear stockings or leggings unless its cold out, the fair skin of her legs and arms showed. I'm also privy to such special knowledge such as knowing that she currently wears solid green panties with a black, lacy band and a bow.

A glorious knowledge, indeed. She wore her short brown hair with no particular fashion, only a clip to keep her bangs out of her face. Emma sat with her hands on her lap, reserved and modest in all things, much more elegant then my crude ass. I'm not sure how such a lady decided that me, of all people, was the one, but I'm not complaining. During our boring, light chat, her facial expressions never changed much, unless she made them on purpose. I still such a hard time reading her, even a year into our marriage. She's getting better at opening up to me, at least.

Emma drank her tea with graceful, simple movements, never wasting so much as a single once of effort. Meanwhile, I'm drinking a soda, because I'm an American, and we have a healthy diet and lifestyle. Nyeh! Stop judging me! Emma held a smaller plate in front of her chest and took sips from her cup from it. A needless extra step for me, but, hey, it DOES look refined... and I'm not complaining. This is the proper lady that I fell in love with.

“What are you using an extra plate for? Then only way you could be more pompous is if you held out your pinky.” I said. But I WILL give her shit for it.

“Hmm? I'm not sure what you mean, love.” Emma tilted her head and showed a soft smile. Damn I'm weak to that smile... “This plate allows me to enjoy my tea while maintaining my posture. You should try it some time.” Said without so much of batting an eye. So, being the mature woman that I am, I stuck my tongue out at her. “Do try to act your age, love.”

“It's a threat. I'll use it on you.” I said.

“Don't threaten me with a good time, love.” Emma took a sip of her tea while I chuckled to myself like a teenager.

“Are you almost done? We're gonna be late to that movie.” I said. Emma put her tea and plate down.

“I'm finished. But I need to take care of something before we go.”

“We have five minutes.” I said.

“Oh, my. The time really flies, doesn't it?” Emma stood up and held an upright, open palm at me, arm out and bent at her waist. “Shall we be leaving, then?” I stood up and held her hand.

“I'll drive.” I said.

“Y-you will?” Emma looked aside and held the curled fingers from her other hand in front of her mouth.

“The way you drive, we'll never get their in time.” I said.

“...It's... just that...” Emma began, but gave up mid-sentence. “Pay attention to the road, please.”

“No promises.”

After reaching the movie theater while only hitting two curves and only ALMOST hitting ONE car (a new low record, I might add), we survived my driving skills. It's not that I'm a bad driver... more like, I want to get places today. Or yesterday. Or last week. or... you get the point.

“Should we get something to eat or drink?” I said as we passed the concessions stand.

“You don't need anymore frizzy drinks, love. And the snacks are a tad overpriced, don't you think?”

“Yeah. Let's just go. We're already late.” I said.

“You didn't get us here yesterday? How shocking, love. Are your skills slipping?”

“That would have required me hitting AT LEAST twice the number of curbs.” I said.

“Hm. Then it might be best you didn't.” Emma said. We entered the rather boring and standard movie theater, took our seats, and prepared to watch our chick flick. Time passed. Movie happened. Drinks and snacks were not consumed. About halfway into the movie, I noticed Emma shifting her weight somewhat. She crossed her leg at the knees, placing her hands over them. I can tell, despite not being able to read her face, that her face didn't seem as relaxed as it normally is, not tense, but no relaxed. Ha. I entertained the idea that she needed to pee.

She didn't even buy a drink, so how'd that even be possible. Not that I can ever tell when she has to pee. She's too subtle about it. I always find out when she's excusing herself to the restroom. Disappointing, but what can expect about a girl so reserved and modest as her? I really don't like other people knowing I have to pee either, though, I'm much worse at hiding it. Fifteen minutes later, I noticed Emma shifting her leg back down and placing her hands on her lap. She released a deep breathe. I'm getting considered now, that SOMETHING is the matter.

“Hey... you ok?” I whispered.

“I'm just fine, love. Watch the movie.” Emma deflected my worries with both grace and ease, something she's pretty damned good at. It's not a good thing to not be able to tell if your partner's feeling upset or not. I know she's getting better at it though, and it isn't something she's going to be able to just stop. So I let it go. Somewhat.

“Ok, but... if something's wrong, tell me? Ok?” I said.

“I assure you, love, that I will.” Emma gave her small smile again. Ok. I can't force her. I got back to watching the movie. An hour into the movie, I noticed Emma hunched forward, body stiff. Sometimes, she closed her eyes for a second. Good it really just be that? I've never seen her like this. Emma gasped soft, grabbing her purse to place on her lap, then shoved one hand in her crotch. Oh. It IS that. And I love THAT. Emma's eyes trailed to the side of her skull, flashes of light from the movie screen showing her bright red face. Seeing me looking at her, she moved her hand.

“What's wrong?” I said. I know. I want her to say it.

“...N-nothing. I... aah...” Emma closed one eye, still maintaining the majority of that lady like composure that I know her for. For her to have to pee so badly it's ACUTALLY showing... Good god is that hot!

“Nothing?” I said.

“...That tea I drank earlier is getting to me.” Emma admitted with a lower voice then the whispers we used to communicate. She didn't even face me when saying it.

“Was it bad? Are you sick? Should we leave?” I said. Come on. Say it. I want you to say it.

“Love, I...” Emma continued saying forward. “I... I need a wee.” Her face burned brighter then before. YES! If she's not wet from leaking, I certainly am now!

“Is that all? I thought you were hurt, or something.” I said.

“...It's a tad embarrassing for me to admit. Please, focus on the movie. We wanted to see it... don't worry about me.” Emma shifted a bit while saying this. This is much more interesting then the movie.

“Ok.” I turned to watch the movie. For long enough for Emma shove her hand back into her crotch, so I could watch her struggle against her filling bladder. Wiggling in her seat and winching at every wave of pressure, she leaned forward more and more. Emma turned her head downwards to avoid looking at anyone head on, but still high enough to eye the movie. The thought crossed my mind on why she didn't just... use the bathroom. She's not bladder shy (only not wanting to show her need) and doesn't mind public restrooms. So... I guess she's really into the movie? It's coming to a close soon, so that might help. I'm glad to get to see her desperation. I took in every little movement, the subtle sway of her knees, the slow back and forth in her seat, the more controlled breathing. It's almost too much.

“Ooh...” Emma released soft moan, crushing her crotch with both hands while closing both eyes. “Ooh, I need a wee...” Good god... I almost don't want this movie to end, but I also really don't want her to suffer that embarrassing fate, and my worry for her is beginning to override my hornless for her. Gladly for Emma, (maybe not so much for me or you), the movie did end soon. The lights returned and people poured out of the room. But Emma sat tight. Confused, I waited for her. She turned to face me, holding an upturned palm at me, arm bent at the waist.

“D-did you enjoy the movie? I-I quite liked it myself.” Emma said. Good god, girl! Your STILL trying to maintain that proper lady bullshit when it's clear your about to burst? It's really hot but... also kinda stupid. With proper lighting I could see the strain on her face better. She even moved the hand that was clutching her crotch to her thigh. Two can play this game.

“Ready to head home?” I said. Knowing full well how... full she was.

“N-not quite, love! I should use the loo before we leave.” Emma said. She barely missed a beat.

“You need to go that bad? I can't tell.” I said. Lies. Emma paused.

“...Yes, love. I'm.... rather bursting. Let's head to a toilet.” Emma said. Seems like after the first time, it's easier to admit her need. Or her desperation is crushing her refinement. I don't know how she's going to take what I'm about to say. We've gotten into kinky stuff before but... not this. Most people who aren't into this think it's gross...

“Emma, hold it until we get home.” I said.

“What?” Emma adjusted her gaze on me, as if that helped her hear me.

“I'm asking you to hold your bladder until we get home.” I repeated myself.

“...Love... I... I'm not sure if I can. I've already... um... hm.” Emma closed her eyes. “Well, my knickers are... not exactly dry.” I loved hearing that. But it's a bit more concerning too! “It's only a drop, but...”

“If you don't think you'll make it, just go. I don't want you having an accident.” I said.

“Or do you now?” Emma said.

“Huh?” I blinked.

“I've noticed you staring at me the entire time I've been desperate. Is my my naughty little love into watersports? Hmm?” Emma held a horizontal hand over her mouth, winching with one closed eye partway though. “Aah...” Now I'm the one who's bright red... I froze, silent, staring. “It's ok, love. I'll hold on for you.” Emma stood up, slow and careful. She leaned onto the seat next to her, holding her purse in front of her waist to continue gripping her crotch with some privacy.

“You will?” I said, befuddled.

“I will, love. But let's go! I don't have long.” Emma said.

“I'll drive.” I said. Seeing the worried look on her face, I kept talking. “Your in no condition to. And I'll be careful! I can do that when I'm not focused on speed.”

“I worry you might be a tad... distracted.”

“Oh, I will be.” I said.

“That's not reassuring, love...”

“Only during red lights.” I said.

“If you promise me.”

“I promise.” I said. Emma doesn't walk quickly normally, but now she slowed down to nurse her overfull bladder. She standing upright (which MUST hurt) to maintain her demeanor, we moved to our car, and she sat in the passenger said. Her, she let her purse lie with her feet as she strapped herself in. Immediately after, she shoved both hands into her crotch and leaned forward.

“Nnn...” She moaned soft. “Hurry... it's getting worse.” Part of me wanted to tease her. But I'm not risking doing anything that would actually hurt her. So I nodded and drove off. The movie theater is fifteen minutes away when your not driving like a bat out of hell, and I'm not this time, so Emma has some enduring to do. And endure she did! She wiggled in her seat more, releasing soft moans while wincing at every little spike in pressure. I noticed her breathing slowed, turning much more rigid. “Ooo...” She clamped both eyes down and cringed. Now that it's just us, she seemed a lot less embarrassed about it, at least she's not blushing. “Oh.. I'm leaking more...”

“We're both a little wet now.” I said. For those who want to know, I don't have to pee, like at all. Sorry.

“Oh, my naughty little love... do try to wait until we get home. Can you do that?”

“I don't know. It's tempting to pull over and take you here.” I said.

“T-toilet first please!” Emma said, now blushing.

“Toilets are optional.”

“Toilets are NOT optional! Ha-HAAAH!” Emma released a louder then normal moan crushing her crotch with a tightened grip. Looking at her skirt, I could see a bead of wetness on it.

“We're almost there.” I switched back to concerned mode instantly.

“I'm not worried.” Emma said, SOMEHOW switching back to elegant reserved mode. Also, that's a dirty damned lie! Not that I could tell be reading her face. Emma squirmed in her seat, shifting which leg she crossed over and over while moaning soft as we drove to our house. At this point, she hunched over just about as much as she could, closing her eyes whenever she didn't need them.

“We're here.” I said. She didn't say a word. Emma undid her seat beat and opened her door with one hand while I did my own and circled the car to reach her. She tumbled out of the car, bent over standing with crossed legs with hands stuffed in her crotch. I could see her legs shaking to support her weight without adding extra pressure onto her bladder. She glanced at me sheepish.

“Are you quite enjoying this, love?” She's still trying to remain reserved. God damn. It's not quite working anymore, but... the fact she's trying at all!

“Only a lot.” I said. Emma nudged her head towards our house. I walked beside my wife as she hobbled, slow, step by step, foot length by foot length, taking what seemed like an eternity just to reach the front door. A necessary evil with an overfilled bladder. It makes you want to rush because it's too full, but you can't rush because it's too full.

“Ah... AAH!” Emma moaned, wincing with closed eyes, pushing her legs shut while bending her knees. I could see why... a trail of urine rolled down the back of one of her legs. After a moment, the wave passed, and she returned to... hobbling. She shot me a wicked glare. “Don't make me wait! Look at me!”

“Huh?” I said. I figured out why she said that. We waited in front of the front door, she holding her bladder, waiting for me to unlock the door as I... stared at her. I forgot...

“D-distracted are we, love?” Emma said.

“Just a lot.” I said as I searched for my set of keys from my purse. After unlocking it, I held open the door wide for Emma, so she could wobble her way in. Now she's shaking all over and I watched beads of sweat foam at her eyebrow ridge. Oh. She really is about to have an accident, huh? I closed the door behind us. Emma kicked her shoes off to the side.

“Ooo! I have to wee so bad, love!” Emma spoke this at a normal volume. I guess she's fine with it now, since it's only us. “I'm going to wet me knickers...” Her accent's regressing a bit, from stress, maybe. But... why did she seem... “Oh, love... It's good that I made it here, but I'm afraid I don't have it in me to reach the toilet...” She glanced up at me. She's... doing this on purpose, isn't she? “Run and get me a towel, love.” Oh my god, she IS doing this on purpose! I obeyed, nearly sprinting, to not miss any second of this. I laid the towel down and she stepped onto it. Emma swayed side to side, her desperate moans now mixed with pleasure. Her rigid breathing long and drawn out. Her body shaking, drops of sweat falling from her face. “Ooo...” She closed her eyes, not wincing, but enjoying, the wave of pressure wrack her bladder, squeezing urine that would trail down the same leg as before. “Ooo... It's such a naughty pleasure of mine... I hope you can forgive me, love...”

“Forgive?”

“Because I...” Emma winced and clutched her crotch as hard as she could. I heard a sharp hiss, and a stream poured between her leg. At this point, the wet bead on her skirt evolved into a big, wet patch. “...I can't... anymore... AHAAH!” Emma moaned as the hissing returned, sharp and loud. Waves of urine rolled down both of her legs and between them.

“Aaah...”

She closed her eyes, soaking in the pleasure as her cascade of fluid soaked the front her skirt, creating a damp trail that rained down with the other streams. She let go of her crotch by now, standing upright to lift her skirt up and show me her solid green panties with a black, lacy band and a bow. Now soaked, urine pouring out from the fibers clinging tight to her glorious camel toe. The flood continued trickling down her body and clothes, her head upturned as she enjoyed the mess she created with closed eyes. All of the urine accumulated in a growing wet patch on the towel she stood over. After more then a minute of this glorious cascade of golden fluid, she finally (and sadly) ran out. Emma sighed, a mixture of pleasure and relief. One might say that I am just about as wet as she is right now. Emma opened her eyes. “Did you enjoy that, love? You were staring, my naughty little, love...”

“Of course I was! That was the point!” I said.

“It sure was, love. A show of affection, just for my love...” Emma took the lowest button of her blouse into her fingers. “Now, let's move on to the next part, shall we, love?” Mesmerized, I followed her hands as they moved up her blouse and undid the buttons one by one. I knew that this meant we were in for a good time.

*003*2024-01-21 20:15

Just dropping the obvious conclusion to the first part of the story. This is considered to be part of the first chapter, but I can't edit that post anymore to make it that way. Had to make sure this was ok to post before I did. The only thing you'll miss if you skip this is the main character's first name and a small amount of plot. But, if that's all that you want, just skip to the last two paragraphs.

I have a pretty good idea what I want to do with this series. I'm expecting seven chapters. Maybe a bi-weekly Monday release? No promises on that, though.

Question for the future- Should I drop new chapters like this one, or should I make new posts entirely for each new chapter?

Chapter One: Shining Sun

Contents- Sex, Light BDSM (Dirty Talk, Physical Domination, Organism Control)

“It sure was, love. A show of affection, just for my love...” Emma took the lowest button of her blouse into her fingers. “Now, let's move on to the next part, shall we, love?” Mesmerized, I followed her hands as they moved up her blouse and undid the buttons one by one. Her midriff came into view, her belly button, and then the bottom of her rib cage. Her hands stopped, the last button before her bra still holding. “Looove? Your staaaring again. Is something the matter?” She spoke in a singing, teasing voice.

“...Your undressing. Of course I'm staring!” I said. And now she's making me wait.

“Hmm? Oh, I see the problem, love. Your a pervert. Aren't you? Your a dirty little girl. Aren't you?” Emma giggled.

“Yes!” I said. I LOVE it when she talks like this to me. Emma giggled.

“Ok, then, my naughty little love.” Emma unzipped her skirt, let it fall to the floor, and stepped out of it. She moved her hands to her blouse to resume undoing the buttons. Soon, I saw her plain brown, work horse bra. Hey, that's what girls wear when we aren't expecting sex. I still think she looks sexy in it...

Emma tossed her blouse to the floor, standing before me in her underwear. She smiled at me, tilting her head. Then, she giggled, spinning around and showing me her back while looking over her shoulder at me. I'm biting my lower lip in anticipation at this point, feeling my own sort of warm, wetness spreading down there. “Stay put for now, my naughty little love.” I must have moved forward without thinking. Then again, given the context, who could blame me? While still looking over her shoulder back at me, Emma undid her bra and dropped her panties to the floor, discarding them with the rest of the useless heaps of fabric. She crossed her legs. From here, I could see her wonderful rump and bounties of smooth skin. I wanted more, but I knew I needed to be good. So I waited for her. “What's wrong? This isn't enough for you, is it? You want me to turn around, don't you?”

“Yes please!” I pleaded.

“What a dirty little pervert. Your desperate for it. You can't wait for it. You need it. I bet you don't even care who gives it you. That I'm only the most convenient, hmm?” Emma said. I curled my fingers and looked down at my feet. “Hmm? Speak when spoken to!”

“N-no! Of course not, mommy! I only want you.” I said. Emma giggled.

“What a good girl you are!” She spun around with a smile. What modest breasts, scrumptious curves, and tight little lips. Emma held out an arm towards me, curling a finger in. “Why don't you come to mommy, my naughty little love?” I almost felt like a zombie, stumbling forward with a hazy head and a single minded devotion to eat something. I stood in front of Emma and waited. I glanced at her stern gaze, biting my lower lip, but soon started inspecting the floor again. I can't touch her. Not yet. Not until my mommy tells me to. Emma grabbed the bottom of my shirt and lifted it up and over my head while staring into my eyes. She did the same with my skirt. My hearts been thumping in my chest for a while now, but I think it's reached a peak as she examined my body with her stern gaze. Even though I'm still in my underwear... She removed those little hindrances too, leaving me exposed in front of her. I tilt my head up and crack and awkward smile.

Normally, she's spank me or something like that, but, honestly, we're already both so horny from our newly shared kink, how much more is she going to put me though? When our eyes met, I tried to look down again. Emma caught my chin in her hand and pulled it back up, forcing me to look her in the eyes. I shifted uncomfortable with eye contact. She smiled at me in the most loving way possible. Damn am I so, so weak to that smile... Emma leaned in, planting her lips onto mine.

I tasted her sweet, sweet lips, closing my eyes and getting lost in the passion. We pressed our bodies together, feeling each other's warmth. I stopped kissing, arms weak and hanging limp, but kept my eyes closed as Emma continued. I felt her hands exploring my smooth skin as her lips met my neck. I gasp in pleasure. I think I'm ready for the finisher now, but... this is still good. She keeps rubbing my curves, my back and focusing on my rump while nibbling on my neck. Good I love it when she bites me! I gasp again. She keeps rubbing and rubbing... Gah! I need you now... she hasn't even touched me down there yet.

“M-mmomy... please... finish me...” I beg.

“Hmm? What's that? You want me to finish you already? Are you such a dirty pervert that your too excited already?”

“...Yes! I'm a dirty girl... I need you, mommy!” I beg again. Emma giggled.

“Hmm. It has just occurred to me that you made me a promise earlier. I expect you to deliver before I finish you.”

“...Promise?” I think back and get nothing. What is she...

“Lie down, little girl.” Emma guides me onto my back on our plush carpeting. She laid her rump down gently onto my chest, legs sandwiching my head, my eyes in perfect view of her crotch. “You said you'd use that tongue of yours on me, my naughty little love. Now, do as you promised and eat my English muffin.”

“Yes, mommy!” I said. First, Emma positioned herself better for my tongue and not to crush my windpipe. Then, I got to work, lashing against her outer lips. She's warm and dripping wet... from pee or cum? Both? I don't know. I don't care. I'm still licking, and, whatever it is, and she tastes amazing. I curl my arms in to rub her thighs while I work.

“Haa... haa...” Emma's breathe starts to hitch. I push my tongue inside her, exploring her warm, slick walls. “Aaah... haa... haa...” Moaning ever so softly, despite how aroused I know she must be by now. Still trying to be that proper lady huh? I can fix that. I move onto her clitoris, taking it between my lips and sucking on it. “Aahhaa... haa... W-Willow...” She's moaning my name? Might as well be screaming 'I'm close! Keep going!'.

Of course, I do, sucking and licking, feeling whatever part of her that I can reach. “Aah... aah... haa...” She's gritting her teeth with her eyes clamped shut. “Haa... haa... AH? HAAAAA! WILL... WILLOW! WILLOW! AHHHHH!” Emma arched her back, losing herself in throes of pleasure as she called my name. For such a modest and reserved girl, she sure orgasms out loud. She also clamped her legs tighter around my head, squashing it between her thighs. Not that I'm complaining. After panting for a moment, she relaxed, looking down at me with that damned soft smile. Emma reached down to pet the top of my head. “You've been such a good girl. How about that reward now, hmm?” Emma stood up, and then helped me up, leading me to the table. I sat on the edge, crotch hanging over, legs spread.

“Yes please!” I said. I'm so wound up that I'm throbbing at this point. This won't take long. Emma knelt in front of me, almost face to face, leaning in to kiss. One of her hands snaked its way to my crotch. I gripped the edge of the table in anticipation. Her lips met my neck again, and then her teeth, as her hand rubbed my outer lips. I tense up immediately, waves of pleasure surging.

“Oh? You really like that? Don't you, you dirty little slut?” Emma whispered into my ear as she rubbed.

“Yes, I do, mommy! Ooh...” I lean back and moan, feeling tendrils of electricity spark throughout my body.

“Hmm? Your already so wet. What a dirty little slut.” Emma pushed two fingers inside me, rubbing my inner walls. More electrical waves course though my body. I can't help but arc my back.

“Ooh! ... yes! I'm such a dirty little slut! Ooh! Ooh hoo...”

“Always remember that, no matter how bad that you need it, your always mine.” Emma used one hand to feel inside of me while using her other hand to take my clitoris between two fingers and rub it between them. I clenched the table and tensed up as hard as I could.

“Ooh... ooh... ooh God!” I moaned. Good God, I'm gonna... Already? So soon? Well, whatever, I'm ok with tha... Emma removed her hands. I opened my eyes, looking at Emma with a tilted head while panting. She giggled.

“You know you only get to finish when your mommy lets you.” Emma said.

“...I-I know that, mommy... please let me finish!” I beg. Emma continued probing and feeling my crotch. “Ooh... ooh...” I moan, quickly returning to the peak.

“I'm feeling generous this time. I only want you to acknowledge that your mine.”

“I... ooh... uh... am... oooh...” I try to speak, but the words won't form.

“Admit that your mine, or you don't get to finish today!” Emma said sternly.

“Ooh... I-I... I am... hoo...” I said. Amazing how hard it is to form a coherent sentence when your about to orgasm.

“Say it!” Emma slowed down.

“I'm... ooh... y-yours! Ooh...” I forced the words out. Emma giggled.

“Good girl. You can finish now.” She hammered me harder.

“Ooh... ooh...” I moaned. So... so close. Please don't stop again... I need you mommy... “Ooh... hoo... hoo... OH!” I spasm as it feels like a lighting storm is going off in my body, lost in the waves of pleasure. “...Nghhhhh! Ooh...” I do my best to stifle the vocal part of my orgasm. “Hoo...” Noticing me finish, I feel Emma withdraws her hands. I'm still leaning back on my own. When I open my eyes, the first thing I can see is her smiling face.

“Did that feel good, love?” Emma said. I nod, still feeling a bit weak and tired. “I'm glad that you had fun. I very much did.” We went to the bathroom, both to pee and clean ourselves up, and Emma tossed her wet clothes in the hamper. After, we collected onto the couch to cuddle naked. She laid down first, me on top, snuggling my head onto her chest as she wrapped her arms around me. “I love you so much, love. You mean the world to me.” I giggled. Even after we've been married, I can't help but really like hearing those words.

“I love you too.” I sigh content. What did I ever do to deserve such a loving wife?I wonder when she's going to realize that she's too good for me. I nuzzle my head into her chest more, trying to ignore those sort of thoughts. I feel Emma rubbing my back.

“Sweet dreams, Willow.” I hear just before my vision drifts to black.

