[Male] Tied and Tickled

Author: shinobi

*000*2025-09-28 15:58

Hello again! It’s been a while since I wrote and posted a story. I wanted to try something somewhat new, so I decided to heavily embellish some experiences from when I was younger again. I felt like I finally went far enough that I should put it in the stories rather than the experiences board. Hopefully this board still gets some traffic!

And most of all, hopefully you enjoy. Just as an FYI/warning, this story does include some bondage and general kinky talk and play, beyond just omorashi. And, thanks to dunnetahl for the feedback on the early version of this one.

It started when I went to my college’s “gay club” – that’s what everyone called it, anyway. Sometimes they had guest speakers and such there for various reasons, and this reason was some kind of cross over with some kind of organized local kink scene. People came in to show ropes, handcuffs and other restraints, I remember some electro-play toys, puppy masks, introductions to and explanations of all sorts of roleplaying, you name it. After the “public talk” part of the meeting, they brought out some boxes of toys and let everyone look at and mess with them.

I seemed to catch the eye of one of the guys with some restraints – maybe 10 years older than me or so, I don’t remember – and he offered to give me a demonstration. I’d always been interested in kinky play, bondage especially, even back as far as when I was in high school and maybe middle school, but this was my first time doing anything remotely like it. 

As he playfully shoved me face first against a wall and tied my hands behind my back, I clearly remember my heart skipping a beat, and I began to enjoy myself… way too much. He noticed, of course, and seemed flattered and amused. I was obviously embarrassed, and glad that I had worn dark colored jeans that day, but something in me needed more. He could tell, and told me that the kink club was only 21+ due to the fact that a lot of their meetings had alcohol (this was when I was like ~19), but he invited me to some “unofficial” gatherings. That basically meant just to hang out with him and maybe one or two of his friends from the club.

The first time I went over to his place, I had butterflies in my stomach the entire way over. Clothing-wise, I wore a snug-ish fitting white t-shirt, my favorite pair of (tight) light blue denim jeans made from a comfortable, slightly stretchy fabric, and standard black and white converse shoes. I also picked out my favorite pair of underwear, a thin and stretchy white pair of briefs, where a lot of the sides were made of a sheer, lacey material – a style I still have a thing for today, to be honest. 

I remember when I finally got to his apartment building, I was incredibly hard already and had been for basically the whole drive over, just in anticipation. I wanted to wait until I wasn’t – aside from not wanting to walk around with a huge hard on (which was obvious, given my choice of pants), I didn’t want to seem as desperate as I actually was for something kinky. But unfortunately, it was a bit of a drive to my new friend’s place, and by the time I’d made it there, I needed to pee pretty badly. I figured it wouldn’t matter, of course I could go to the toilet before we started playing, but I was so nervous and hard I had to sit for a while in my car.

I tried to will my dick soft, or at least to not explode the moment I stood up, but I was just way, way too excited for our meetup. The feeling of my full bladder was arousing to me back then too, and it absolutely did not help. I sat in the car for a while, occasionally bouncing my leg, trying to think about anything that wasn’t sexy.

I drank from a bottle of water in the car while waiting for this to work, and by the time I finished the entire bottle, I … was still incredibly hard. I sighed, gave up, and walked up to his door, using my bag as cover.

I knocked, and he opened the door with a smirk on his face. “Hi,” he said, obviously looking me up and down. He got to my bag over my crotch and stopped, reached out and moved the bag over. He chuckled to himself when he saw what was going on. “I was wondering if you were ever gonna come in. What took you so long?”

I shifted my feet, made some embarrassed noise, trying to stammer something out, but could only come up with returning “Hi… Uh, I, ah…” He dragged me into his entryway by the arm, shutting the door behind me. Once I was in and the door was shut, I was stunned as he suddenly twisted me around and pushed me face first against the door with his hand between my shoulder blades, and my hand held firmly behind the small of my back. I think I moaned or something (actually, I’m sure I did), and I breathed heavily as I tried not to cum in my pants right then and there … again.

“Don’t,” he said sternly, “I want you to last longer than that.” He didn’t do anything for a while as I calmed myself down, successfully, thankfully. He must have felt me relax as I came back from the edge, because he let me go right as I got back under control. “Good boy,” he said. I shuddered and felt myself getting close again, just from hearing that, but I got myself back under control faster than before.

We spent the next while just talking, laying out what we wanted to do. I’d told him I hadn’t really done much with other guys at this point – which was true – and that I was kind of self-conscious about my body. Not for any particular reason, 19 year old me was pretty trim and didn’t have much reason to be shy, but I guess just because I’d never been undressed in front of a guy before in this sort of situation. He was very patient with me and told me he wouldn’t take off more than I wanted faster than I wanted. Even though he was clearly as eager as I was, it was obviously important to him to talk beforehand and establish boundaries.

Finally, we went into his bedroom. My stomach fluttered as I saw a bondage frame – a large square metal frame with restraints for your wrists and ankles, meant to keep you spread eagle. He turned me around and pushed me back-first into the frame, and I moaned as he did up the wrist restraints. I tested them, and they were solid – I was not going to be able to get my arms out until he untied me.

“Relax,” he said, “I’m just going to tease you over your clothes now.”

That did make me feel better somehow, safer and less exposed, even though he was roughly grabbing my legs, one at a time, and cuffing them to the bottom of the frame. When he was done, I moved around almost habitually, testing the strength of the restraints, and my stomach knotted as I realized that I was stuck. He spent some time feeling me up, running his hands up my legs, feeling my chest and stomach, coming incredibly close to touching my dick, but very intentionally avoiding it.

“Not yet,” he said, drawing a circle around me from the outside of my jeans. I tried to squirm, move my pelvis around, but I couldn’t. I felt my pants press against me, and the feeling plus the knowledge that I was vulnerable made me feel absolutely amazing. He kept running his fingers around my torso, played with my waistband a little bit, tracing my hip bones, and as he did, I noticed a familiar feeling – with all the excitement, I had totally forgotten to ask for the bathroom first. I thought back to the bottle of water I drank while I was in my car. I was into holding at this point in my life too, and knowing that I was going to need to pee soon and the idea that I may not be let out to go…

I moaned more and squirmed against the restraints again. We kept going like this for a while, but I was just too embarrassed to ask him to let me down to pee. Not a huge problem, I felt solidly full but not too desperate, until he started running his fingers along my sides and armpits. Unfortunately, I am very ticklish, and he was very happy to discover that. He tickled me in short little bursts, then went all in for what felt like ages. I strained against the frame, I swear I pulled a muscle doing that, and tried to keep from peeing myself right then and there. I was surprised how much worse tickling made me have to pee, and how quickly. All I could do was scream in laughter, and try my hardest not to piss myself. I was constantly having to fight the urge to just let go as he was tickling me. I felt my sphincter muscles quiver with the effort, and I had to fight back the urge to contract my abdominal muscles and squeeze my bladder empty.

Finally, he slowed down enough that I could try to talk, but I had to catch my breath. “Wait – ” I gasped. “Please, let me down for a second!”

Before I could ask to be let down, he was reaching for something. “Sorry,” he said, “but I don’t want anyone next apartment over to hear you.” He had a gag next to his setup – of course he did, I thought – and started putting it on me.

“Wa – wai – ” I started, but it was too late. My mouth was full of gag. “I have to pee!” I finally got the courage to say it, but it was too late. He couldn't understand me. My heart was pounding – I hadn’t brought a change of clothes with me, and I did have to drive home. Plus, I’d never really discussed liking omorashi with anyone before in real life; this was brand new territory for me. I wanted him to like me, and not everyone enjoys someone peeing themselves all over their floor, even if it was because they were being tickled half to death.

“Sorry,” he said with a huge grin. “Can’t understand you.” He tickled me in a few more bursts, then ran his fingers gently over the bulge in the front of my pants. I groaned and tried to shield myself with my legs.

“It’s okay, I’m not taking anything off.” I moaned. “Everything’s staying on. That’s what you wanted, right? Think you’re gonna be okay?” I moaned and shook my head no – I was really close, and still had to pee.

“What’s wrong, can’t hold it?” I shook my head no again. “Gonna mess up your pants? Too bad they’ve gotta stay on, huh buddy?”

I whimpered again, both from arousal and dread. My stomach fluttered and my body tingled as I realized I was probably not getting out of this without wet pants, one way or another.

“I’m going to go get something. Don’t go anywhere,” he laughed.

I watched him leave, and once he was gone, I tried to mentally calm myself down. Maybe I’d be okay if I could not be hard by the time he got back, I thought to myself. But no luck – he wasn’t gone that long. He’d gotten a stand for his phone and set it up so his phone was facing me.

I made a noise trying to disapprove, and must have clearly looked like I didn’t want that. He understood exactly what I was trying to get across.

“Don’t worry about it,” he said, “everything’s staying on right? So no reason to be embarrassed about a little recording. And I’ve got something for your face.” He pulled out a blindfold and put it over my eyes. I felt it covering most of my forehead and a lot of my nose and face, but it didn’t interfere with me breathing at all. I looked around, as if I might find a hole in the fabric or something, but it eventually sunk in that I would not be able to see.

My stomach tightened, and I felt my bladder make itself known even louder than before. I was just about to cross the line from full to truly desperate, and I didn’t think I’d be able to hold as well as usual, with the muscles in my abdomen tying themselves in knots because of my arousal. I squeezed my thighs together a bit as my knotting stomach pressed against my bladder and felt a drop or two enter my shaft. “I have to pee!” I whined again, totally muffled from the gag.

“Sorry, can’t understand you,” he laughed. “Seems like you’re having fun though,” he said, and traced my shaft through my pants. I felt the drop or two come out, and moaned as I felt it dampen the fabric of my underwear against my tip. I was squirming under his touch when quickly, suddenly, his hands jumped to my sides and tickled me violently. I screeched and swore, and I felt another larger dribble leak out. I hoped he wouldn’t notice, but no such luck. I heard him going tsk, tsk, tsk, and said “Wow, you must really like this, huh?”

He was running his finger over the tip of my dick, and I could feel the wetness of my underwear. “I’ve gotta pee!” I tried to say again, but I knew he either couldn’t hear or didn’t care. I was definitely painfully full now, but the odd part was that I felt like I was about to piss myself because my abdominal muscles were weakening from all the tickling, not just because I was too full. I felt my bladder bulging under my shirt, but the worrisome part was that my bladder felt like I’d lifted too many weights at the gym and like my muscles were about to give out. Just as I thought that, I felt a quiver and my bladder relaxed for just one second, just enough time to let out one burst, and I felt a splash of warmth cover my briefs. I felt my stomach turn at the feeling, and felt a sharp pain.

“I love how into this you are,” he said, and I could hear him thinking in his tone of voice. “I think you’re gonna want to keep yourself from cumming though, know why?”

I shook my head no, and tried to say it out loud.

“Well, we can’t take your pants off,” he started, “and if you mess them up…” he ran his fingers up and down my sides, slowly, “I might have to tickle you till you piss yourself.”

“No!” I moaned and fought against the restraints again. “No, please!”

“You’ll be okay buddy,” he said soothingly, “all you’ve gotta do is hold it, right?”

I moaned and laughed. Sure, I thought to myself, that’s all, no problem. I knew I was screwed.

I have no idea how long he kept me like that, switching between tickling and teasing, until my bladder was quivering and I was about to explode, in multiple ways. I know I’d leaked more into my pants, and he’d teased me about how I had a very noticeable wet spot in my crotch. I felt him tracing a large coin sized circle around my crotch and left thigh, telling me that was how wet I was, and that I was leaking a ton of precum. I doubted it was precum, but I believed I was that wet. He was tickling me as he traced the circle around th e he’d finished. I wished I could see it, but I only felt the wetness in my underwear. 

I squirmed more, e head of my dick, bringing me to the edge over and over again, so I’m sure it was bigger by the time he’d finished. I wished I could see it, but I only felt the wetness in my underwear. I squirmed more, trying to control myself to keep from pressing against the solid mass in my stomach and making it explode as I shuddered, leaked and squirmed. I was twitching from excitement and desperation, and tried to squeeze my thighs together, both to help me hold it in and to keep him from being able to touch me.

“Trying to hide, huh?” he said. He went behind me and put his hand between my thighs from behind. “Let’s see you keep out… this…” He started shoving his fist through my thighs, and when he had a bit of trouble getting his hand through, he started tickling my armpit with his other hand.

I shrieked into the gag, but tried as hard as I could to keep my thighs together. He kept pushing though, and the instant I relaxed my thighs just a bit, his fist made it through.

He began teasing me through my pants, rubbing me up and down, as he continued tickling me lightly. I felt tears running down my cheeks; I think he noticed, and said “Okay, I think you’ve had enough.” He took his hand out from between my legs, and I went weak at the thought that I was going to be let down. Instead, I heard a vibrating noise. I automatically tried to turn and look at it. Then, before I could process it, I felt it against my shaft. I have no idea what it was, but I was instantly close. “Remember,” he said, teasingly, “what happens if you can’t hold it?” I tried squirming away, squeezing my thighs together again, but I couldn’t. I tried thinking of something unattractive to calm me down as a last-ditch effort, but I was too far gone. I squirmed a few more times, shrieked, and… I came.

I exploded. I heard myself almost shouting into the gag as huge shots soaked my underwear and jeans, I spasmed against the restraints, I felt a muscle in my thigh pull as I squirmed, but I couldn’t stop myself. “Gotcha,” he laughed. “Thaaaat’s it,” he cooed, and I could feel his breath against my neck, “Yeah, let it all out… Can’t stop yourself, can you buddy? But you still know what happens next.”

I rode the orgasm for what felt like minutes, and as it gradually waned, I noticed I was trembling in my restraints. I was so drained I couldn’t stop myself from twitching, and for a moment the only sound was the clinking of my restraints as I did.

“Got it,” he said, and I heard something make a camera noise. “Oh, I bet people would looove to see this, hahah.” He ran his hands over the front of my pants. I couldn’t see of course, but I could feel a sticky wetness going halfway down my thighs, and filling up my underwear. He rubbed it back and forth a few times, probably spreading it out. With dread, the bulging feeling of my bladder pressing against my waistband came back to me. As any guy will tell you, when you cum while you’re desperate, it takes away a lot of the strength you have to hold it. I felt more fluid building up in my dick already.

“No,” I tried to say sadly, panting, “please don’t… Let me go…” But it didn’t matter, even if I wasn’t gagged, I knew he wouldn’t listen.

I heard him walking around me side to side, I assume getting an image of me from every angle he could. “Not done yet, though.”

I squeaked. I twitched. I was so drained, I’d almost forgotten –

I felt his fingers fly to my sides, and I shrieked and flinched away as I suddenly found new strength. The tickling made me squeeze my abdominal muscles and squeezing everything, which included my bladder. I was essentially having to fight off my abdominal muscles with my bladder’s sphincters. It was incredibly difficult, never mind that it hurt like hell, and my sphincters were already tired…

I squirmed and thrashed, and with my bladder already being tired, it wasn’t long before I felt a trickle enter my pants. “Nooo! Stop, you bastard!!” I tried to scream, but even if he could understand me, I don’t think he’d have cared. I was laughing and screaming non-stop as he tickled me harder than I’d ever been tickled before, I felt my now-wet jeans stick to my thighs and between as I continued pissing. I felt the warm, wet sticky feeling spread all over my thigh, and eventually to my other thigh, then cross my knees and into my calves. I felt my jeans cling to me and resist as I was squirming my legs with all my strength.

Eventually, my bladder spasmed and gave out as he tickled me exceptionally hard, I heard a rush of liquid and felt it gush down my legs, I heard myself screaming, my bladder was contracting so hard it hurt, and I swear I was peeing so hard I felt like I was being stretched out. I remember being surprised that I could hear the gushing in my pants even over all the other noise I was making, and the gushing noise was changing as I was squirming my legs around.

I felt pee gush out of the bottom of my jeans legs, and I regretted not taking off my shoes first. I continued screaming, but he kept tickling, and eventually, finally, I ran out of pee.

He noticed, and began to slow down with the tickling. The instant he actually stopped tickling me, I collapsed into the restraints. I was still gasping loudly and making noise, trying to catch my breath. I eventually felt my breathing slow down, I remember my pants clinging to me still, but feeling loose and heavy now, and hearing the patter of pee running off my legs and hitting the floor … and suddenly, everything went dark.

When I woke up, the first thing I felt was that my pants were completely soaked, maybe just beginning to dry. I was sitting on the floor now, ungagged but still handcuffed behind my back. Suddenly, he was at my side.

“Hey,” he said kindly, and put his hand on my soaked thigh. “You’re up. You okay, bud?”

“Yeah…” I sighed breathily. I looked myself over, now that I could see. Somehow I’d gotten wet halfway up my t-shirt. My pants waist felt weirdly loose now that my stomach wasn’t bulging anymore. “Holy shit,” I whispered to myself.

He laughed. “I’m glad you had fun, you look amazing in the video.”

I moaned. “Please don’t show anyone,” I whined, and tried to move a bit.

“It’s okay,” he said, “It’s just between us. Plus, gotta have a little keepsake, right?” He showed me a thumb drive, and stuck it in my bag for me.

By this time it was getting on in the evening, probably like 8 PM or something, and I was exhausted now anyway. Fortunately, I had learned by then that if I was going to go around enjoying the feeling of a bursting bladder, it was a good idea to keep an extra pair of pants in your car. I remembered there were some short, red nylon running shorts in my car, an extra pair of thin, stretchy white briefs and a t-shirt. I asked my new friend to grab them, since my pants were still very visibly soaked, but he wouldn’t.

“If you didn’t want people to see you in soaked pants, you should have held it,” he winked at me and slapped my ass. He looked at his hand afterwards, feigning surprise at touching something wet, and he wiped his palm off on the shirt I was wearing.

I poked my head out of his front door and checked for people and cars. It looked clear, so I dashed out and jogged to my car. I got a rush having to be out in the middle of the street in soaked pants, especially combined with the feeling of soaked, stretchy jeans clinging to my legs as I ran. I grabbed my clothes and a pair of sandals too, my shoes were soaked too after all, and started running back and saw a car’s headlights come just around the corner as I got to his front door.

He’d been watching the entire time, of course, and stood in the doorway before letting me in. “Move!” I tried to push him, but he was larger than me.

He just looked down at my crotch and smirked. “Looks like you like being out here.”

I looked down too and noticed that I was actually very obviously extremely hard; the soaked light-blue denim hid nothing. “Ha, ha,” I laughed sarcastically, and squeezed by him.

I rinsed off in the shower briefly, changed into my spare clothes and started to leave. He’d put my wet clothes in a plastic grocery bag and handed them to me as I walked out of the bathroom.

“Did you remember to use the bathroom before you drive home?” he asked, like I was a little kid.

I laughed, gestured to the bag and said “I think I peed plenty.”

“Okay,” he said slowly, like he didn’t believe me. We hugged, agreed to do this again later, and I left.

My drive home was about half an hour, maybe forty-five minutes long, pretty average for where I was living at the time. I noticed my bladder and abdominal muscles felt pretty sore, tired, like I’d just done a huge workout at the gym. A really hardcore bladder day, or something. But that didn’t surprise me at all, considering what I’d just been through.

I’d made it about halfway home when I felt something weird in my pants, like a little tickling sensation. I shifted in my seat and kept driving, but before long it came back. I could only imagine that there was something stuck in my underwear or pants – like a loose string or something, was all I could think. My shorts legs were pretty short, so I checked around to make sure I wasn’t visible to anyone, and just stuck a hand up one leg expecting to pull some random tiny object out of my pants. I was shocked when I felt wetness. 

“Oh, shit!” I swore out loud. I kept feeling around, and when I felt the front of my package, I felt a very tiny flow of liquid over my fingertips. Suddenly, I noticed that the bottom of my underwear felt wet, probably because I was sitting in a very slowly growing puddle. I felt the seat, and fortunately, I hadn’t leaked enough to damage them. I guess my briefs were soaking it all up, and the running shorts were that water-resistant material where liquid just kind of flows off of them, so nothing was getting through.

I tried to find a place to pull over that looked safe, ideally a place with a bathroom, but it took me a couple minutes to find one. I groaned nervously as I pulled into the parking lot. As I shifted to look around before I turned, I noticed my briefs were very wet, probably saturated by this point. I started to think of what exactly I was going to do. I knew I couldn’t go into the store while I was actively peeing myself and dribble all over the floor. I thought I’d have to grab a towel from the back and put it in my seat, and try to get myself under control before I went in to use the toilet. 

I parked on the far end of the building where I was basically alone. I braced myself as I opened the door and stood up, but the instant I did, it felt like the floor fell out of my bladder. I knelt over in pain with my hands on my thighs and watched everything… flow. I immediately felt liquid flowing down my legs, front and back, streams coming out both of my shorts legs, but mostly my left. It was dripping onto my sandals, pattering against the pavement, and leaving an obvious puddle. I looked around in panic to make sure that no one had seen me, but my car was between me and anyone else at the gas station. At least I had cover, unless someone was hiding out in the bushes behind the gas station, waiting to catch someone having an accident.

I moaned as I continued peeing, part out of relief, part out of embarrassment, and partly from arousal. When I finally stopped peeing again, I hurriedly dug around for my towel and tossed it on the driver’s seat. I was about to hop back in, but I got the urge to take a few pictures of my legs, still with rivers of liquid running down them. I was very obviously incredibly hard again, the shorts did me no favors hiding that. I hopped back into the driver’s seat and looked inside my pants, and saw that the thin, white pair of dry briefs I had put on were now basically transparent all around and totally saturated. I took a few pictures of that too. I got the urge to send them to my new friend, and texted “Should have used the bathroom ☹”.

A reply came pretty quickly, a video call. “Tsk, tsk, tsk. Told you so, buddy.”

“I know…” I said pathetically.

“Where are you now?”

“I just made it into a parking lot.” I showed him around my car.

“Good, so people can’t see you?”

“No, why?”

“Because I don’t want you to make a scene when you cum in your little shorts.”

Something immediately came over me (ha!). Something about a guy forcefully telling me to cum has always been one of my many weaknesses. My stomach knotted, I throbbed once or twice, and when I noticed the wet fabric of my briefs clinging all over me, I just instantly began cumming again, moaning quietly. My friend laughed and watched intently, even though he could only see my facial expression, I’m sure it was obvious what was happening. I felt cum shoot through my underwear and down my left leg, reaching an inch or two outside my shorts’ leg. I pumped a few more times, but since it was my second time that day, it wasn’t as overwhelming as it otherwise would have been.

I came down finally and sighed. I moved the camera to show my leg. “Thanks,” we both laughed.

“Any time, bud. Now get home, you’re out of pants.”

The rest of my trip home wasn’t anything too exciting. I don’t think I bothered trying to hold anything in at that point though, I remember leaking a few times into the towel. My legs had dried by the time I got home, and my shorts didn’t show the wetness, so getting into my apartment and room wasn’t an issue. Amazingly, I didn’t end up wetting the bed that night, which I was definitely worried about. I just ended up running to the bathroom a couple times in the night!

