Guard

Author: secretomoact

*000*2021-04-29 03:48

So, this was actually written using several characters from a series of books that I write. In order to post it here, I have changed everyone’s names as well as a few key details. I want to ensure that my kink writing and my regular stuff are kept separated. But, I liked how this came out enough to post it. Many details are left vague since, on the off-chance someone here has read my books, I don’t want the connection to be made. For example, I can’t say here what exactly is being guarded without the story becoming recognizable to anyone that is familiar with my regular work. I apologize for the vagueness in parts of the story, but you guys are here for the desperation after all, so I hope it’s not too big of an issue.

Gonna also include a trigger warning for mentions of physical and psychological child abuse. One of the characters here grew up in an abusive home and that background shapes the way he views himself as well as a lot of his behavior. I have color coded the areas that describe the abuse in purple, and the story can still be understood if you skip over those parts.

There are also parts of this that are more humorous in nature. The book series this was initially based on is a dramady, and one of the characters tends to say rather silly things when he gets particularly emotional. I hope that it blends alright with the omo content.

Kenneth hated standing guard. It was boring. It just went on and on for hours. Most of the time there wasn’t even really anything to guard against, so it was pointless anyway. He just had to stand there. Really stand there. He had to keep his back straight, his hands clasped behind himself, looking straight ahead. He could not move. He could not fidget. It was very difficult to keep oneself still for such a long stretch of time. His legs always began to tingle eventually, just beneath the surface, with pent up energy and an all-consuming want to move. But, if his superior saw him pace in place, he would receive a lecture, perhaps even some form of discipline.

Today, Kenneth had already received a bit of discipline. And, it was because of that discipline that it had become even harder for him to keep his body still and rigid. Late to his post, his commander Bryce had instructed him to down a large jug filled with water. At first, the purpose of this had eluded him, but after a couple hours of standing in place with nothing to occupy his mind with, he knew exactly what the purpose of the jug had been.

The water, which he had been forced to consume at a rapid pace, was now stretching the walls of his bladder mercilessly. Don’t squirm, don’t squirm, don’t squirm… He kept repeating to himself in a mantra. Not only was he not supposed to squirm, it was also terribly unbecoming and embarrassing for someone such as him to show a need for the toilet so openly.

But, good God, did he ever need a toilet. Or a tree. Or a lake he could run into until the water covered him up to the waist and he could just—

Stop. Stop thinking about that. He could not think about that now. He could hold this. He’d held it much, much longer before.

And, he reminded himself, he couldn’t relieve himself on a tree or in a lake even if one magically materialized in front of him right now.

He’d grown up with an abusive father hellbent on causing him pain and humiliation; One of the routine punishments was having his restroom privileges taken away when he really, really needed them. His father enjoyed making him beg and beg and beg until he was sobbing in a puddle of his shame. Upon wetting himself, there was always a further punishment in the form of a vicious beating for making a mess of the floor.

Even when his father was ‘merciful’ and allowed him use of the toilet, his father would then stand directly behind him to ‘supervise’ as he attempted to relieve his bladder. Truthfully, this was just a bizarre, sick mind-game the man enacted on his child. Kenneth would oftentimes feel so intimidated by his father’s presence there that the pee would refuse to come out. After enough time had passed with Kenneth’s bladder stubbornly remaining clenched and full, he would receive a beating for wasting his father’s time. Generally, he would finally wet himself in the midst of the beating, provoking his father’s rage even more.

These deranged games he’d been forced to grow up playing resulted in Kenneth developing quite the complex. The term ‘pee-shy’ did not even do justice to what exactly Kenneth was. It wasn’t merely that he preferred privacy, or got frozen up for a few seconds every now and then, it was a neurosis that left him out of his mind with the need to urinate multiple times a week. He could use one of the toilets that was located in his barrack. This one had a locking door, was far enough away from anyone else, and had a very loud sink beside it he could flick on and use to calm his nerves.

That was the only place he could pee. Nowhere else. If he tried to relieve himself in any other location, he would find himself completely incapable. Several times, crazed with need, he’d even mashed the flat of his palm over his bladder in a last-ditch effort to force a stream out, but the only result this had ever given him was pain. So, he grit his teeth, and he held it until he could return to his barrack and his blessed privacy. Some days, he even got so desperate that when he looked down at himself, he would be startled by a painful round bump in the center of his normally flat abdomen. His bladder was so full to bursting that it was actually visible, yet it still would refuse to empty when he gave it the order to do so.

There were occasional times when he would need to urinate while observed for one reason or another. This had not been easy for him initially, but then Dwight offered to be his observer. Dwight had been Kenneth’s best friend since the two of them were very young children. Dwight had known about Kenneth’s difficulties urinating since they were small; They had camped out in the woods once and Dwight noticed Kenneth obviously struggling to hold a full bladder. After many seconds of embarrassed stammering on Kenneth’s part and confusion on Dwight’s, Dwight finally figured out what Kenneth was describing and why he was so uncomfortable. So, he offered to stand beside Kenneth and keep watch for anyone else that could see him taking a leak. Kenneth had worried that he would be unable to go with Dwight so close, but he felt a deep trust for Dwight that he’d never been able to feel for another person before, and relief came to him quickly.

To this day, Kenneth had little to no problems peeing in front of Dwight. He trusted him. So, if he needed to give a urine sample under observation, Dwight would be the one to join him.

Now here, standing maddeningly still as his bladder throbbed and pounded beneath his belt, he wished Dwight were there with him. Dwight could take his spot here, cover for him while he made a mad dash back to the barrack, kicked open the door to the restroom and pissed out an ocean.

His post here was quite a long way from his barrack, he realized… A very long walk… It would be hard to walk with the stiff legs he always got after staying still for too long. Harder still when he felt like there was a twenty pound bowling ball in his abdomen.

A bowling ball that had begun to drip…

He jumped, startled by the sensation of few, tiny drops of warmth seeping from his length and into his clothing. Now that he’d jumped once, he had to do it again! He bobbed up and down, fists clenched at his sides. His bladder thrashed around and tried to burst free, he pressed his thighs tighter and tighter together to keep anything else from leaki—

“Paulson,” Bryce called sharply, addressing Kenneth by his last name.

Kenneth jumped in surprise again. He’d forgotten where he was for a second there; his entire universe had shrunken to contain just his bladder and the liquid trying to flee from its confines. He’d been jiggling in place for at least a minute, and remembered now how that wasn’t allowed. He forced himself to still once more. As he did, another jet of urine spurted from his tip, and he looked down in a panic. Nothing showed on his uniform, thank goodness. And, it looked like his bladder had calmed down and stopped spasming for a moment. He could keep the rest in, he told himself.

But… He was supposed to stay here until it got dark. There were hours left to go until then. And then there’d be the long walk back to the barrack. He’d have to actually get to the restroom once he was there, lift the lid of the toilet, get his clothing out of the way…

He could make it! He could definitely make it! Now that a little had come out, that probably took the edge off, right? It must have, surely!

Less than thirty seconds later he felt back on the edge of well and truly exploding again. He…Couldn’t make it. He would either wet himself here or do damage to his body if he didn’t empty his bladder soon. He had no choice. He was going to have to debase himself and request that Bryce relieve him of his position for a little while.

Oh, he should not have thought the word ‘relieve’… He tried to quell the shudder that ripped through his bladder at that term, rocking back and forth on his heels in a way he hoped wasn’t too visible.

This was going to be utterly embarrassing, Kenneth knew. He did not like calling attention to his needs. He preferred to have people think he just didn’t have any. Even admitting that he was sleepy would cause him to blush as he felt as though he was admitting to a weakness, a deep personal failing. No doubt his father’s abusive treatment of him had played a role in his feelings of shame.

Nothing was more embarrassing to him than admitting he needed to pee. He could tell Dwight easily enough by now, but announcing to anybody else that his bladder was full made him go weak with humiliation. Kenneth liked to be in control of all things, and he often spoke in a pompous manner simply to mask all of the insecurity he really felt. A need to pee was not something he could control, and there was nothing he could do to conceal it after he’d been enduring it for long enough.

Compounding this was the fact that Kenneth did not particularly like Bryce, and Bryce was none too fond of Kenneth either. They got along like water and oil most of the time and— Kenneth should really stop thinking about liquids!

Nevertheless, there was nothing else to be done for it. Either he request a brief break to handle his need, or he risk drenching his uniform and probably everything in a fifty mile radius with the ungodly amounts of liquid he was keeping inside himself.

The next time he saw Bryce glance his way, Kenneth beckoned him over. He prepared himself to speak, but the words “May I please have a break so I can pee?” died in his throat. That was just too embarrassing!

“What is it?” Bryce demanded.

“I… Um…” Kenneth stammered. He hated the timidness in his voice. The shaky twinges that he could normally hide behind an arrogant attitude. He did not have the strength to put on that attitude at the moment. He barely had the strength to keep the flood within him from soaking the ground below his feet. “I… I need to… I would like to request a short break, please?”

“Why?”

Kenneth had a suspicion that Bryce already knew precisely why. He’d been the one to force him to consume so much water, after all. Of course though, the bastard was going to force him to say it. Kenneth did not want to give him the satisfaction of debasing himself further. Asking for a break at all had been humiliating enough, he was not about to specify the reason. At least, not in such vulgar terms as; “Because I need to pee!”

“Because…” Kenneth said instead. He felt his face heating, going red, and he hated it. “I… I need to… Um… Water the trees.”

Bryce’s brow furrowed. He looked a tad confused, but Kenneth doubted it was genuine. “You… That is not part of your job, Paulson. The trees can manage themselves.”

“I don’t mean—“ Kenneth said. “I mean— I have to… You know… I need to see a man about a horse.”

“There are no horses here, Paulson.”

He was fucking with him. He was definitely fucking with him.

“That was not literal either,” Kenneth cried. God, his voice was squeaking, cracking with a distinct whine. It did not sound powerful like it was meant to at all! “I… The pressures of nature have become too much for me to bear,” he said. “I require a brief comfort break, I assure I will return—“

“God, could you sound more pretentious?” Bryce asked. “Speak like a normal person for once.”

“I need to pee!” Kenneth snapped, feeling his anger boil over. As he spoke, he gave up all pretenses and began jiggling in place once more. He rocked back and forth on his feet. He crossed his legs together, he came dangerously close to literally holding himself. He only just managed to retain enough control to keep himself from doing something so disgusting and dirty. “Okay? I need to pee extremely badly! My teeth are floating and my eyes are turning yellow, alright? I need to go right now or else everyone near us is probably going to drown! Please, just let me?”

Well…

So much for not using ‘vulgar’ terms, then…

But, at least he’d remembered to say ‘please’, anyway. That had to count for something, right?

Bryce chuckled a little. “Ah, seems you still lack the ability to hold your emotions in check? That was quite a rude way to speak to your superior, wouldn’t you think?”

“I apologize,” Kenneth said. His face felt like it was on fire almost. “I am under a great deal of pressure, I assure you after I’ve handled my need, I will—“

“Nope, you can’t hold your emotions in at all,” Bryce continued, as if Kenneth had not said anything. “I think you need a bit of a lesson on holding stuff in, wouldn’t you say?”

“Bryce, I—“

“And, it certainly sounds like you’ve got a lot in you that really wants to come out.”

Kenneth could barely pay attention to what Bryce was saying. All he could pay attention to was his bladder’s frantic cries to be emptied.

“I think it would do you good to just keep all of that right where it is,” Bryce said. “You need to learn restraint, and this should really do the trick.”

Kenneth at last realized what Bryce was talking about. He was not going to get that break, God how he needed it…

“I guess it would be unfair of me to make you stay still when you are in such a state, though,” Bryce said. “Don’t worry about your position anymore.”

Kenneth realized that Bryce just wanted to see him humiliate himself by pee-dancing like a little kid, but he didn’t care. Being allowed to squirm and writhe in place was a welcome mercy. Not as welcome as actually being able to pee would be, but at least he was able to do something now to keep his bladder in check.

Bryce was, indeed, very amused by the way Kenneth moved about now that he’d been permitted to. His legs crossed this way and that. He jumped up and down. A few times Bryce noticed Kenneth’s hands going very, very close to his crotch before he yanked them back at the last second, hissing under his breath. He was trembling all over, practically vibrating with need.

Bryce smiled, “That’s a cute dance you have there,” he said.

Kenneth fought down the urge to give Bryce an extensive list of all the vicious wildlife creatures and poisonous plants he could go fornicate himself with. His bubbling anger seemed to want to burst out almost as much as his pee did. Holding both of these things back took such a concentrated effort that he felt buckets of sweat cascade down the nape of his neck.

Good, he thought. Maybe some of the water won’t be heading to my bladder now.

At one point, Kenneth literally went to his knees, and despite his valiant effort to hold onto his modesty, his hands did things unbidden and clasped themselves around his member. Christ! I’m going to piss myself in front of that bastard at this rate!

“Hey,” Bryce said. “You still need to stand up. No kneeling.”

Kenneth shot Bryce a glare, wishing with all his might he could turn him to a pile of ash just by looking at him but finding he lacked the mutant ability to do so. He gingerly crawled back onto his feet, losing a few spurts along the way, and tightening his grip on himself as a result.

This was a losing battle, he knew. Bryce had no intention of giving him a break, and there was no way he’d make it to nightfall dry. He considered looking on the bright side, when he inevitably pissed himself in front of Bryce, that would be the first time he successfully peed in front of someone— other than Dwight— in decades. Maybe his shy bladder would get better? Or maybe the shock and humiliation of the moment would make it get even worse?

Probably the second thing.

He wasn’t sure how his shy bladder COULD get worse, honestly. Once he even got stage-fright because a tiny spider had been sitting on the toilet tank. He’d managed to convince himself it was staring at him and had been unable to pee until after he’d squished it.

But still, once the spider was gone, he had peed in the end. That had felt really, really good. His bladder had loosened and his stream had poured thunderously into the water, draining away all the tension and—

Stop! Stop it right now! Following his thoughts, his bladder had begun to squeeze, tiny droplets leaking from his tip. He pressed down against himself with his hands. He could feel tears beginning to spring to his eyes. He was so full of liquid, it was trying to escape from any place it could. He was going to have an accident, there was no way around it.

Unless... Well, they were outside…

“Can… Can I just turn around real quick and go here?” Kenneth asked. He didn’t know why he was bothering. Even if Bryce said yes, he didn’t know if his bladder would cooperate and actually empty.

“Oh, but I thought you were shy?” Bryce asked in a teasing tone.

Kenneth felt his face go redder. God, every time he thought it was impossible for him to feel more humiliated, something happened to prove him wrong. “I— A little, I guess.”

“A little?” Bryce repeated, incredulous. “Remember when we went on that long march? You didn’t pee a drop then, and every time we stopped for a pee break you just stood off to the side mumbling to yourself with your dick in your hands. ‘Please, please, just let me!’” He laughed. “Most pathetic thing I’d ever seen.”

“I’m not pathetic!” Kenneth protested. He was furious. His body was flashing hot and cold with equal parts of rage and humiliation. His bladder felt on the very edge of rupturing, tearing him apart from the inside. “I—“

“You can go here,” Bryce said. “But, I will be staying here to supervise you. And you have one minute to go.”

Kenneth frowned at that. Even if he was able to start peeing, he didn’t think he’d be able to empty himself all the way in the span of a single minute. “Wha—“

“Your time starts now,” Bryce warned, before beginning to loudly count.

Kenneth shuffled on his feet as he spun around, his hands tore at his belt, shaky fingers fumbling at the buttons and zip of his uniform. He pulled himself out and aimed between his feet. Please… He thought. Please, I need it so bad! Please!

Nothing.

He was so ridiculously on edge that it felt like his bladder had been plugged up with the world’s most powerful titanium cork. The tiny dribbles that had been leaking from him for the past half hour ceased. Not one drop of relief was able to force its way past his scared, stubborn little muscles.

“Time’s up,” Bryce called. “Feel all better now?” He knew, of course, that Kenneth had failed to achieve release.

Kenneth grumbled to himself as he stuffed himself back into his pants and re-affixed his buttons. He didn’t dare try to put his belt back together though. Now that it had stopped pressing on his bladder, he didn’t want to give it the opportunity to do so again. He turned back around to face his tormenter.

Bryce put a finger to his chin. “I do not believe you are in uniform, Paulson. Put your belt back into its proper position.”

“I can’t, I—“

“Now,” Bryce said firmly. “Or, do you want me to give you another jug of water?”

Kenneth couldn’t fathom the idea of putting even one more drop of liquid into his extremely hydrated body. Begrudgingly, he fixed his belt’s clasps back together. It was squeezing against him now. His bladder felt like a watermelon ready to split open. His hands returned to press between his legs. More tears came to his eyes. His dignity had been worn down to absolutely nothing.

Or, rather, almost nothing. The only little sliver of dignity he had left was the fact he had not yet wet his uniform. And he knew it was only a matter of time before that happened and, when it finally did, he would be worth nothing. He was crying from something more than pain now.

“Aw, poor little—“

“Bryce!” A voice called.

Kenneth looked up. That voice was like a choir of angels. It was Dwight. Perhaps, he could be saved.

“Smith,” Bryce said, using Dwight’s last name. “What is it? I believe I told you to take inventory of our weapon supplies, did I not?”

“I finished with that,” Dwight said. “I wanted to know if you needed me to do anyth—“ He noticed how Kenneth was moving around. A side effect of Kenneth’s shy-bladder was that he would do absolutely everything in his power not to make his need obvious. Generally, Dwight was the only person who could really tell when Kenneth needed to go because he knew his friend would chew on his knuckles when his bladder was giving him problems.

But, now… A blind man could probably work out that Kenneth was bursting. Dwight hadn’t seen him dance so much since they were children. It was… alarming. Kenneth had always had a higher than average tolerance for pain and discomfort. Kenneth would still be walking around after sustaining an injury that would have left Dwight bedridden for at least a day. Whenever Kenneth cried out in pain, Dwight knew that whatever happened must have been bad. This now, Kenneth winding his legs against one another as both hands pressed against his crotch, could only mean Kenneth was holding back an ungodly amount of pee and that, had Dwight been in that situation, he would have wet himself ages ago.

“Bryce, could I take over Kenneth’s position for a moment while he relieves himself?” Dwight asked. “I have nothing else I need to do.”

Kenneth felt his entire body flame. He must have been blushing from head to toe. He hated that he’d allowed himself into such a state that Dwight could figure out he needed a toilet without needing to be told. But, he couldn’t allow himself to feel too upset. He was going to be allowed to—

“No,” Bryce said. “Paulson must remain at his post.”

“Bryce,” Dwight said. “How much use is he really going to be in his current position? He can hardly make for a good guard if he can barely walk and his hands are too pre-occupied to reach for any weaponry. You are being illogical.”

Bryce was clearly trying to come up with an argument. But ‘I just want to see him humiliate himself because he annoys me’ was not a very good one. “Fine…” Bryce said. “You may trade places with him for now.”

Dwight approached Kenneth, “Hey, Kenneth,” he said quietly. “Bryce says we can—“

Kenneth nodded quickly. He’d heard. He could go. He could finally go. He knew he needed to thank Dwight. Needed to get down on his knees and praise Dwight for being the single greatest person to ever live, but he was in such a rush and every last inch of his body was so full he couldn’t say anything. He just took off.

Breaking into a run so suddenly, after hours of remaining in one location, had been a bad idea. A gush of piss wet the front of his uniform. He hoped it wasn’t visible. But, he did not have the time to check, nor could he move his hands away from his crotch for long enough to actually look. He didn’t feel any dampness against his palms though, which he hoped was a good sign.

He realized a few seconds later just how far he was from his barrack. He… Could not run that far. Even now, his gait was slowing to a clumsy, limping hobble. It would take him half an hour to get to the barrack at the rate his bladder was forcing him to move. He couldn’t make it there in time. He glanced every which way for any potential place to relieve himself.

He saw a mass of foliage not too far away.

He could go there, right? He had to! He had no choice! It was either behind the brush, or in his pants. He knew which option he preferred. He took careful, ginger steps in that direction, feeling a few more dribbles of urine sliding from him as he moved. He wanted to run there, but if he tried to move too quickly again he would have an accident for sure.

Finally, he was behind the cover of the brush. It was a lot of cover, at least. The bushes were high and concealed his short frame fairly adequately. And, there were a lot of them. He heard nothing but the sound of the wind rustling the leaves. He was as alone as he could get.

Now, it was time for the next obstacle; his clothes. Stupid Bryce had made him put his stupid belt back on, and now he needed to move both of his hands to get it back apart. He shot his hands from his crotch to his belt as fast as he could, but a spurt escaped him the instant he did. He fought down the urge to place his hands back between his legs. If he held himself again, he wouldn’t be able to stop. He’d never get his clothing out of the way. He’d just stand there, holding himself, until his bladder gave out and he was left standing in a puddle.

Another tiny leak trickled down his leg as he at last pulled his belt apart. Two more quickly followed as he fought with his buttons and zip. Finally, finally, finally, he pulled himself free and aimed.

Nothing happened.

GOD DAMMIT! PLEASE! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! PLEASE! YOU DON’T HAVE TO HOLD IT ANYMORE! JUST PLEASE, PLEASE! IT HURTS! LET ME GO! I NEED TO!

A few tiny drips fell from his tip, none of them granting him the relief he wanted so desperately. More liquid was falling from the corners of his eyes than was exiting his bloated bladder. His tears were no longer from humiliation, but from pure unadulterated, indescribable agony.

Please… Please… You’re alone… Just… Let me… I can’t take it…

He kept hearing his Father’s voice, he was assailed with memories of humiliation, pain, torment… His bladder shrieking in wild frenzy, his Father taunting and threatening him, finally being brought to a toilet only to be unable to let anything flow… The sickening feeling of liquid running down his legs and pooling below his feet, and the knowledge of the punishment that was sure to follow.

The tears cascaded down Kenneth’s face freely now. He couldn’t take it. The memories, the pain, the all-consuming need to just let go, please, for the love of God!

He needed Dwight here! Dwight could make him relax! Dwight could say things to him to make it all okay… But, if Dwight was here, then nobody could take his place standing guard, so he still wouldn’t be able to pee.

He tried, instead, to imagine what Dwight would say to him had he been there. “It’s alright, Kenneth. Nobody will see. The bushes are all in the way. If anybody comes here, I will yell at them to leave. Just relax and take your time now.”

He imagined the feeling of Dwight’s soft hand against his back. And, somehow, that was enough. The maddening drips transformed into a magnificent, relieving waterfall. He was peeing. There was a God. It felt like some sort of divine reward, to have come through such an awful trial and succeeded. He’d earned this. He’d earned this wondrous, all-consuming feeling of good in its purest sense.

His bladder was deflating, slowly shrinking back to the size it was supposed to be. Liquid gushed from him like a firehose turned on full-blast. It felt so good. It felt so good. It felt so, so good… He felt his eyes starting to drift shut, his legs going so weak it took a concentrated effort not to fall over while his cock was still spraying out gallons of too-long held liquid. In spite of his desire not to do anything that could call a person’s attention this way, he couldn’t stop himself from moaning. His moan sounded almost perverse, and if anyone had managed to hear it they probably wouldn’t guess that peeing was the activity he was partaking in back there.

“Ohhhhhhhhh, Goddddddddd...” His toes curled inside his boots, his body quivered and shook with unbelievable amounts of pleasure.

The puddle was growing large. So large in fact that it was starting to hit his boots, but he couldn’t bring himself to care about that. He couldn’t care about anything. His world had shrunk to one thing and one thing only; the sensations of release. It just kept coming and coming. He started to wonder if he was going to be peeing forever— And, truthfully he wasn’t sure if he’d even mind that too much— But, finally his stream dwindled down to a slightly less forceful gush, and after about half a minute more he was back to dribbling. He shook himself off and started to put his uniform back together.

Now that the relief was over, he began to feel a bit mortified by what he’d done, and particularly by how loudly he’d realized he’d been moaning. He tried to put that behind him as he exited the brush. Still, there was no one in the surrounding area. Nobody would ever have to know, aside from him.

He returned to where Dwight and Bryce were. Bryce rolled his eyes exaggeratedly as Kenneth approached. “Is Paulson feeling all better now?”

Kenneth looked down, still feeling shameful. “Um, yes, Bryce. Much relieved. Thank you.”

“Good. Now get back to your post.”

Kenneth returned to where he was supposed to stand. “Thank you so, so much,” he whispered to Dwight. “You really saved me.”

“Not a problem,” Dwight whispered back. He started to leave, then stopped. “Um…” He clasped a hand over his mouth, obviously regretting having spoken.

“What’s wrong?” Kenneth asked.

“Noth—Nothing,” Dwight stammered.

Kenneth followed Dwight’s gaze for a second, glancing down at himself… And at the unmistakable line of wetness going down one of his pant-legs. “Ah, God—“

“Just… Just stand…” Dwight helped Kenneth into a position that mostly concealed that part of his leg. “Okay, try not to move too much until it gets dark.”

Kenneth sighed. He hated standing still. But, at least stillness would be easier to achieve now than it had been earlier.

Edited April 29, 2021 by segaface (see edit history)

$$

*002*2021-05-02 01:29

{{17 hours ago, hydroStorm said:

Great story

}}

Thank you so much!!

*003*2021-05-04 22:39

Wrote another short featuring his friend. Liked it enough to post. I apologize again for the vagueness in certain aspects, it's just necessary and I hope doesn't distract from the desperation content.

***

Usually, Dwight loved getting to sleep with Kenneth beside him.

Dwight knew that his friend loved him just as much as Dwight did him, but getting Kenneth to actually show affection was like getting a grizzly bear to tap-dance. Kenneth’s shaky upbringing and pathological need to appear cold and unfeeling led him to try to repress the emotions he held for his friend, to never show them where others might see. To do otherwise, Kenneth thought, would make him appear soft and weak.

But when they could sleep beside each other, like tonight, sharing a tent together… It was different. Kenneth had way too much energy, and a stubborn refusal to ever settle down or stop anything he was doing, it was difficult to get him to go to sleep. He could be practically falling asleep on his feet, barely able to keep his head up all the way, but still insist he could finish whatever task had been set out for him without a break.

When Kenneth finally did go to sleep, always at much too late an hour, he slept like a rock; A rock that had just run forty miles and downed four bottles of cold medicine. And if Dwight was beside him when he finally fell asleep, he would soon turn and cling to Dwight like a drowning man would to a life-raft. His arms would find themselves coiled around Dwight in a vice, not unlike the pressure of a boa constrictor. Then, subconsciously, he would snuggle his head against his friend’s chest.

Usually, Dwight loved getting to sleep with Kenneth beside him.

This should have been absolutely perfect. Just the two of them alone in the tent, no sound but the quiet rustling of leaves and the feint chirping of crickets… Kenneth cuddling him so close and tight and Dwight watching the steady rise and fall of his friend’s chest as he drifted off…

Yes. It should have been absolutely perfect.

Except, Dwight had to pee.

This was not an urge he could put off until morning. Truthfully, he wasn’t sure he’d last another ten minutes in his current state. They’d been marching all day, and Dwight had drank tons of water, so overcome by thirst and exhaustion that he’d failed to heed where it was all going to end up. He’d been so sore and worn out by the time they stopped for the night that he just crashed without even giving the idea of relieving himself a moment’s consideration.

Now a couple hours later, once again wide-awake, he was regretting that dearly. His bladder felt like it had literally no room left inside of it at all. Every time he inhaled, it felt almost like the skin over his bladder was being stretched out as it strained not to tear from the enormous pressure. He squirmed where he lay, but no matter how ridiculously he managed to contort his legs, the need wouldn’t subside even a little.

So, he should just go and pee, right?

He wished he could. God, how he wished he could! But, Kenneth did in fact sleep like a rock, and his arms that were wound around Dwight—usually a great comfort— were now imprisoning him in his place. Dwight could not squirm out from Kenneth’s grasp, nor could he manage to rouse his friend to let him up.

Dwight had tried a few times to just unwrap himself from Kenneth’s embrace. But, somehow for a guy that struggled to lift even the lightest pieces of weaponry, Kenneth seemed to acquire super-strength when he was asleep.

So, he tried to wake his friend up instead. First by whispering, “Kenneth. I need you to let me up for a second…”

Nothing.

Then by gently nudging him with his foot.

Nothing.

Next, he tried speaking a little louder; “Come on, Kenneth! Wake up! I gotta pee!”

Still, he got absolutely nothing.

At one point, he’d even kicked Kenneth in the shin. It had been an accident, as he’d squirmed and scissored his legs together, it had just happened. The impact had been pretty hard too, Dwight wouldn’t be surprised if Kenneth had a bruise come morning, yet somehow it still wasn’t enough to wake him.

Compounding Dwight’s problem was the exact place that Kenneth was squeezing him. Kenneth’s arms were wrapped directly around Dwight’s middle, providing even more pressure to his bloated, overfull bladder. Every once in a while, Kenneth would hold him tighter for a little bit. Ordinarily, this would have made Dwight feel loved and cause his heart to bubble with happiness. But now, when it felt like his body must have been at least ninety percent pee, it only made him more panicked. He hitched his hips back and forth, longing to at least be able to hold himself, but Kenneth had hold of his arms and so it was impossible.

So, Dwight spent the next several minutes that way. Crossing his legs together, squeezing his thighs in a pathetic and desperate attempt to pin himself shut, and occasionally trying to do something to wake his friend up so he could go. “Kenneth!” Dwight said, now certain he was speaking loudly enough he could be heard outside of their tent. “Kenneth! I need you to let go of me now!”

Kenneth remained asleep.

Dwight whimpered quietly into the darkness. This was ridiculous. He was in a forest, trees everywhere. Relief was just outside the tent, yet he couldn’t get to it! His bladder cramped and crashed down, waves of pressure rippling through his body. He felt a sudden surge of heat bead down his length, and before he could register that, a hot burst of urine escaped his tip and soaked warmly into his clothing. I’m peeing! He thought, mortified. No, please— Not yet!

It was the first few drops of his dam splitting open, and it terrified him. If he peed here, not only would he get soaked, but with as close together as they were, Kenneth would get drenched as well. It would end up looking like they’d both had accidents. Dwight considered for a moment that Kenneth might actually wake up in the event he found himself suddenly getting very, very wet, but the horror and awkwardness of the situation would be horrendous. And it wouldn’t help Dwight out too much if Kenneth didn’t wake up until after his bladder had already forcibly drained itself.

Dwight had managed to clamp off the leak, but his bladder was not satisfied. Just a couple seconds later, another rush of white hot, agonizing need tore through his body, and that was followed immediately by a long, uncontrollable gush of liquid. He was wetting himself! He was seriously wetting himself, in the middle of a forest, surrounded by perfectly usable trees, all because he couldn’t get Kenneth to wake the hell up!

“Kenneth!” He gasped out, his voice raising several octaves. “Kenneth, please! Wake up!” This time when he kicked Kenneth’s shin, it was on purpose. He winced as he did it, not wanting to hurt his friend, but wanting to avoid pissing all over the both of them even more.

A miracle; Kenneth’s eyes started to twitch. Then, slowly, they cracked open. Kenneth was staring at him in bleary eyed, drop-dead tired confusion; “What’s the matter? Are there enemies nearby?”

“Nnn—No!” Dwight stammered. Kenneth still had his arms around him! “I need you to let me up!”

Kenneth seemed to wake up a bit more. Dwight’s answer had been hesitant, and the hurried tone of his voice made Kenneth uneasy. There really were enemies near, weren’t there? It was odd that Dwight sounded like he wanted to handle this himself… Like Hell would Kenneth allow that! Dwight could be hurt, and what would Kenneth ever do without him? “No, let’s lay low,” Kenneth said. “If they have not yet spotted us, we shouldn’t risk letting them.”

“Kenneth, we’re not in danger—“ Dwight started to say. Another trickle of urine escaped, he felt it running down around his thigh to pool beneath him.

“Shhh,” Kenneth hushed, and to Dwight’s chagrin, he actually tightened his grip around him. “They might hear us! I won’t allow you to be hurt!”

“Kenneth, no!” Dwight protested. “That’s not—“

“Shhh!”

“I have to pee, you idiot!” Dwight snapped. “There are no enemies around that I know of.”

Kenneth stopped feeling panicked for just long enough to register how much Dwight was jiggling in his grasp. “…Oh,” he said after a moment. But, still didn’t let go.

Dwight squirmed against Kenneth, “That means you have to let me up. Unless you want me to flood the tent.”

“Ah, okay,” Kenneth said, releasing his grip. Just having the pressure of Kenneth’s arms go away was a relief. But, it was too much like the feeling of actually peeing, and Dwight had to use one of his newly-freed hands to grasp hold of himself, pinching his opening closed as best he could. He crawled to the opening of the tent and once he was outside, started to stand u—

To his horror, when he tried to get to his feet, his bladder shrieked in a wild frenzy, and even with all his squeezing, a stream pulsed forth. “Agh!” He gasped, feeling the warmth and slick wetness pooling into his palms. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to rise from his ridiculously hunched position so he could make a mad dash for the trees— the trees he could freaking see now— but he couldn’t move. If he moved, he’d pee. Not just leak or dribble, he’d pee for real, all that he was holding pounding out in a huge uncontainable burst. He felt himself actually start to tear up. “I can’t hold it…” He whimpered quietly. “I can’t hold it, I can’t hold it…”

He was going to pee himself right there, only partway outside of the tent, with tons of foliage he could have correctly relieved himself onto not but six feet from his face.

“Hey, Dwight…” Kenneth said softly. “Come on, it’s not that far. You can make it.”

“I can’t,” Dwight said, more embarrassed than he thought he’d been in his entire life. If this had to happen, why did it have to be with Kenneth right there? “I can’t move, it’s coming out.”

Kenneth felt awful. It was his fault Dwight was in this state. It was his fault Dwight was crying. “I’ll… I’ll help you,” Kenneth said. “Just… Move forward a little bit so I can get out, too.”

Dwight barely managed to get himself the rest of the way out of the tent. Each inch made him lose another few drops. His palms felt soaked. The fabric covering his dick felt utterly drenched. He didn’t dare let go of himself for a second, his hands were the only thing keeping all the gushes and leaks from turning into full-blast streams. He knelt there in the grass, hands gripping his crotch for dear life, eyes squeezed shut, expression a picture of agony and humiliation.

Kenneth quickly got out of the tent to join him. “Okay, Dwight, you only need to take a few steps, then you’ll be far enough away from the tent. Do you need help standing?” It was a dumb question. If Dwight could get to his feet, he would be at the tree by now. Kenneth didn’t bother to wait for a nod.

“Okay,” Kenneth said. “I’m going to help you up.” He took Dwight’s shoulder and started to pull him to his feet. Dwight whimpered loudly at the change in gravity and pressure. More pee spurted into his clenching hands, a trail cascading down his leg. “Alright?” Kenneth asked.

Dwight said nothing, but tried to nod.

“Okay, just a few steps this way,” Kenneth said, helping him hobble towards the trees. ‘Steps’ had perhaps been the wrong word to use. Dwight was more just hopping along, barely clearing any ground. He couldn’t part his legs hardly at all. It took way more than a few ‘steps’ for Dwight to get to the trees. He was glad he only slept in his boxers that night. But, when he moved one hand to try and fish himself free, he started to pee full-blast. Panicked, his hand went right back to where it had been. He let out a strangled, pained noise. He tried a few more times to get himself out, bouncing up and down and shifting his weight around like mad, but his hands would return to grip himself on pure instinct.

Kenneth realized what was happening. Dwight was going to completely pee himself just as he’d finally made it to the correct place. He could tell Dwight had figured this out as well. He just couldn’t let go of himself for long enough to remove his member from his boxers. Kenneth got an idea of something to do. It would feel… Weird, but he didn’t want Dwight to have a total accident after he’d worked so hard not to.

“Do you mind if I help you?” Kenneth asked.

“Do it,” Dwight said. “Please, I can’t take it anymore.”

“Alright…” Kenneth said. He fought down his feelings of hesitation, embarrassment and awkwardness. “Move your hands for just a tiny second,” he said. “Just a second.”

Dwight let go of himself, and it took every ounce of willpower not to put his hands right back where they’d been the instant he did so.

Knowing he didn’t have much time before Dwight went back to clutching himself, or just peed as he was, Kenneth tugged Dwight’s boxers down and allowed them to pool around his feet. As soon as the clothing was out of the way, Dwight was pissing more forcefully than Kenneth had ever seen him piss.

Dwight sighed out-loud the second he’d started gushing, tilting his head back and letting his eyes roll. Then, when he felt something splash his foot, he realized he should probably actually aim. He took hold of his soft, wet member and directed his stream away from his feet. His sighs and pants transformed into loud moans.

Kenneth felt his face burning up at the noises Dwight was making. The fact he was making those sounds while naked aside from his boxers bunched up around his ankles made Kenneth blush harder. He had known helping Dwight get himself situated to pee would feel weird, but what had come afterward made him feel even weirder. All those moans, and the fact Kenneth could see every last inch of his friend’s body, much of his skin shimmering with sweat…

It wasn’t the fact that Dwight was peeing that had Kenneth’s attention. He’d seen Dwight pee lots of times since they’d grown up together and all. He’d seen Dwight mostly naked a few times when they were little, too. But, this was the first time he’d seen Dwight totally unclothed now that they were adults. He’d known Dwight was more muscular than him, he’d been fascinated by Dwight’s bare chest and back on more than one occasion. He’d insisted to himself the fascination was due only to jealousy and nothing else, since his own body was so lacking in definition.

Now as his eyes roamed over Dwight’s form without his full permission, Kenneth noted that he had never realized before how firm Dwight’s legs looked. And he hadn’t seen Dwight’s unclothed backside since they were little. That looked as firm as his legs did. Accidentally, his eyes flicked over to Dwight’s front, settling on his cock. Even if it was currently in the process of spraying out ridiculous amounts of urine, Kenneth found himself thinking that it looked nice for some reason.

As he continued to stare at his friend, and listen to the moans falling from his lips, Kenneth tried to tear himself away. He was not supposed to find Dwight’s body so interesting. And the feelings he was having, ones which he didn’t think he’d ever experienced before in his life, set off alarm bells in his head, warning him that he was doing something that he was absolutely forbidden to do. Why did he feel like this?

“Ohhhhhh,” Dwight continued to moan. That sound made the weird feelings Kenneth was having intensify.

You know, a little voice in Kenneth’s head whispered. In a way, it’s because of you he’s making those noises.

What? Where did that come from? And, why was it making him feel warm?

As Dwight started to come close to the end of his pee, he glanced over his shoulder and realized Kenneth seemed to be staring at him. He thought that he should probably tell his friend to stop doing that, but found that in actuality, he didn’t really mind it. The idea that Kenneth enjoyed looking at his body made him feel… Something. He wasn’t sure what, but he knew he liked it.

He supposed it was a little embarrassing that Kenneth was staring at his body while he was in the process of having an absolutely massive, and seemingly unending, pee. But, he didn’t feel too bothered. His bladder at last felt empty after a few more seconds, the horrid pressure he’d been under had been replaced by a blissful nothingness. He wondered for a moment how simply feeling nothing at all could possibly feel this wonderful.

He finally realized with some embarrassment that he’d been peeing with his boxers pulled all the way down, like a little kid would. He pulled them back up and cringed at how damp, cold and clammy they now felt, a reminder that he hadn’t completely made it in time. He hadn’t brought a spare pair, and hoped that they’d be mostly dry by the time he got up in the morning, and that they wouldn’t smell too much. He didn’t know what to say to Kenneth. It had been an unusual experience, needing to have his friend help him walk to an appropriate place to relieve himself, and then pull his clothing down for him. If Dwight hadn’t been so out of his mind with need, he would have felt the awkwardness while those things were actually happening. As it was, the strangeness of the situation only really set in for him now that his mind was clear and his bladder empty.

Kenneth, likewise, did not know what to say. He was still puzzled by all the confusing emotions the sight of Dwight’s nude body had dredged up within him. The whole thing had been weirdly intimate in a way he had never experienced before. He supposed something should be said, though. “Feeling better?”

“Y—Yes,” Dwight admitted. “Sorry that got so weird, I just— I really needed to do that…“

“It’s fine,” Kenneth said. “Sorry you had a hard time getting me up.”

*004*2021-05-14 20:14

Another involving these characters.

***

Elizabeth could be caring and compassionate at times, provided the situation called for it. Usually having someone dote on you wouldn’t be such a bad thing when you’d just been shot in the leg, but at the moment all Kenneth wanted was for her to go away for a few minutes.

She’d dressed his wound already, given him pain killers, asked him over and over if he was okay. He didn’t think she had much else left to do, except leave. But, still she wouldn’t. Because she could tell Kenneth was still very uncomfortable and in pain.

She assumed, as most anyone probably would, that the pain was from his leg where he’d been shot. But, that wasn’t the worst pain Kenneth was experiencing at all. The worst pain, which somehow managed to eclipse even the agony of being shot, was the sensation of his extremely full bladder.

When he’d woken up in the bed after being shot, his first thought wasn’t even related to his leg hurting, or the memory of the gun being fired, but instead of how he felt seconds away from wetting himself. He’d been about to jump out of the bed and look for somewhere private to relieve himself, when Elizabeth had put a hand to his chest and told him to lay back down. She informed him that he’d been shot, and only then did he realize how much his leg hurt.

Elizabeth had thought Kenneth’s attempts to climb out of bed were due to delirium. She thought the way he fidgeted and writhed as she dressed his wound and applied medicine were only because of the pain. Kenneth had not said a word to suggest anything else was troubling him. It was too embarrassing, the thought of admitting that he had to urinate so badly that the pressure within his bladder was a greater agony than being shot in the leg…

No, he’d wait until she left of her own volition, and then he’d find an appropriate place to void his bladder. If she would just leave! But, no. She was instead asking him if he needed the pillow adjusted, or if he was cold, or if there was anything he needed.

“Yes,” he wanted to say. “I need to relieve myself!” But, the words wouldn’t come. So, instead he sat up in bed, squirming, and fighting against the urge to hold himself. One of the worst parts, really, was that seeing as how one of his legs was so badly damaged, he was not able to cross them against each other. He could tense his thighs up, try to pin himself shut that way, but it did little to stave off the impending flood.

He brought one of his hands up to his mouth and began to chew the knuckle of his index finger. Elizabeth grabbed his hand and tugged it away from his teeth. “Get some rest,” she said. “You’re delirious. You’re hurting yourself.”

‘Rest’ was the furthest thing from Kenneth’s mind, but he lay himself back down, and Elizabeth pulled the blanket over him. At least, with the cover of the blanket, he could squeeze himself. He did so gratefully. He hoped that since he was supposed to go to sleep now, she’d leave him alone. She didn’t. Instead she sat down in the chair a couple steps from the bed and began to read a book to herself.

Kenneth pressed his palms tight against his crotch. He couldn’t make it much longer, his bladder was dying. He was only just now realizing that, even if Elizabeth did leave, he didn’t know how exactly he was going to get to his feet and look for somewhere to go. Between his about-to-explode bladder, his badly damaged leg, and the drowsy effects of the pain killers she’d given him, getting up and walking was going to be impossible. He didn’t think there was anything he could use in bed, especially not within the distance he could reach.

He was gonna pee in the bed. There was no way around it.

The door to the medical office swung open, and there was Dwight, his best friend. He was already speaking before he was fully in the room; “Is he okay!?” He sounded out of breath, terrified. Kenneth was sure Dwight had run here at break-neck speed the very second he’d heard Kenneth had gotten hurt. Dwight would have done the same even if the injury had been something as harmless as a paper-cut, let alone a bullet wound.

“I think he’s doing better,” Elizabeth said. “He’s resting now. I got him bandaged and gave him medicine. I think he’s in shock, though. He keeps trying to get up.”

Dwight stood beside the bed. He wanted to brush some of the hair from Kenneth’s face, to stroke his back. But, with Elizabeth in the room with them, he knew it was a bad idea to get so touchy-feely. “You need to stay in bed, okay?” he said. “Nothing you need to get up for.”

Kenneth whined in the back of his throat, and Dwight realized he was knotted with tension all along the spine. What was—

One of Kenneth’s hands emerged from beneath the covers, he drew it to his mouth and bit down hard on his knuckles, like he always did when he really, really had to—

Oh.

Dwight knew full-well how shy Kenneth was about this kind of thing. Kenneth was more pee-shy than Dwight thought it possible to be. Kenneth once claimed he could sometimes even get shy if he was looking at himself, and truthfully Dwight had been unable to tell if that had just been a joke or not. It wouldn’t surprise Dwight at all if Kenneth was genuinely that shy and occasionally got stage-fright even in front of himself.

No way Kenneth was gonna tell Elizabeth what he needed on his own. Dwight tried to think of a way to broach the subject that would not make Kenneth’s condition obvious and cause him to feel too much embarrassment. “So, he can’t get out of bed at all for now?” he asked Elizabeth.

“No,” Elizabeth said. “He needs rest and healing.”

“I see,” Dwight said. “So, let’s say he gets… thirsty?” He winced, it had been the first thing to come to mind, but he knew Kenneth did not want to be reminded of anything liquid right now. His entire body was surely almost entirely liquid by this point.

“I will bring him a drink,” Elizabeth said. “He won’t need to get it himself. Like you said, nothing he needs to get up for.”

Dwight noticed Kenneth’s face going pink and tried not to feel too bad. He was gonna be a lot more embarrassed if he had an accident here. “What about when… It sounds like he needs to rest here for a long time. I am sure he will be needing a toilet break…”

Elizabeth went a little red. It was just that… Normally the people she tended to after injuries were female. Generally, if a man was injured, another man would be the one in charge of their care, but this time around Elizabeth had been the only person available. It hadn’t been an issue, the injury was low enough on his leg she could just cut his pant-leg off at the knee to get to it, she hadn’t needed to look at or risk accidentally touching any of his more intimate areas.

When someone was injured and needed to stay in bed, they would be given a urine bottle to use. When they were injured so badly they struggled to move, like Kenneth was, that meant that whoever was caring for them would help. This wasn’t too big a problem for Elizabeth to do with another woman. It was awkward, of course, but less awkward than it would be with a man. The only man Elizabeth had ever seen pee was her husband. It would feel weird to watch a different man pee, much less have to assist him with doing so. And, Elizabeth knew Kenneth was a little… self-conscious, prone to embarrassment. He’d actually freaked out a little earlier when he realized his pant-leg had been cut and that Elizabeth could see his knee…

Elizabeth hadn’t really been thinking about the fact that Kenneth would inevitably have to pee at some point while in her care. She searched for a male urine bottle and when she found it she held it up to Dwight. “He’ll be using this,” she said. “But… With his injury, he may need help moving in order to use it.”

“Kenneth is—“ Dwight stopped himself. He almost said ‘really, amazingly, ridiculously pee-shy’, but he knew that naming the problem would embarrass his friend to no end. Elizabeth looked uncomfortable, so it was a good excuse; “Well, it might be strange for you to help him with that,” Dwight said. “He may be more comfortable if I do it instead.”

Elizabeth exhaled, “You don’t mind? It’s just— I usually only look after women, and—“

“Not a problem,” Dwight said. “Just… Give us some privacy for a few minutes.”

“Sure,” Elizabeth said. She left.

The instant she was gone, Kenneth’s hands tucked themselves between his thighs once more, and he hissed aloud; “Oh, God, Dwight! I have to pee so much! It hurts even worse than my leg does! It feels like my bladder is full of knives that are also on fire!”

“That’s… Quite an image there, Kenneth.” Dwight said. It was strange how Kenneth would suffer in silence, or describe his problem only in vague and overly-polite euphemisms when anyone else was around, but then when it was just the two of them he was not afraid to get vocal and sometimes even vulgar about it. “It’s okay, it’s just us now.” Dwight started untwisting the cap on the urine bottle. “Let me get this ready for y—“

“Hurry!” Kenneth begged. He could feel his face heat when his ears registered the pained urgency in his voice. He couldn’t help it. His control was frayed to nothing.

“I am, I am,” Dwight said. The cap popped off a second later. “I’m not sure if you’ll need help moving that leg to get this thing… in the right place or not. But, I can help.”

Kenneth grabbed the bottle from Dwight in his eager hand. He wished he could just start peeing in it the second he had it in his grasp, but his clothing was still in the way. He reluctantly removed the hand from his groin and tried to remove his belt, but he was disorientated from both the pain-meds and his desperation. He realized how dizzy the medication had made him, he was seeing double. He couldn’t work his belt. “Dwight—“

Dwight didn’t wait for him to say it. His friend would be so embarrassed once his desperate haze faded and he realized he’d admitted to needing help with something like his belt. Dwight got it apart, unfastened his buttons and pulled down his zip. Kenneth tried to position the bottle, but with how his leg was positioned up on the pillow it was hard to fit it where it needed to go. If Kenneth let himself pee in the position he was in, gravity would result in it pouring right back onto him.

Dwight gently grasped Kenneth’s knee and helped ease his leg from the pillow, then helped Kenneth turn so his legs were off the side of the bed and spread apart from one another. Seeing as Kenneth’s zip was down and he’d already taken his dick out, Dwight tried hard not to look at the space between his legs, but it was difficult not to, especially when he realized Kenneth was starting to dribble quite a bit. Kenneth himself did not seem to register that he was starting to have an accident. Poor thing must have been so desperate he didn’t feel it beginning to leak out of him.

But, at least it was only a few seconds worth of dripping, before Kenneth had the bottle nestled between his thighs and his member pointing into its opening. Now all the drips were being caught in an appropriate receptacle.

Except, that was all it was; drips.

Kenneth whined loudly as the tiny little drops were bringing him no relief.

“It’s just us,” Dwight reminded, his back to Kenneth now. “Don’t feel embarrassed. We’ve seen each other go lots of times, and I’m not looking at you.”

“I know…” Kenneth said, shimmying his hips uncomfortably as he tried to will his bladder to relax.

Still, he could only muster up a few maddening leaks. They only served to frustrate, not relieve.

“Are you… Worried about Elizabeth coming back in?” Dwight guessed. “Because, I’m pretty sure she won’t until I tell her it’s okay.”

“I don’t know,” Kenneth whimpered. “I— Ah, God! It hurts!”

Dwight felt terrible for his friend. ‘Helping Kenneth pee’ had kind of just always been a part of ‘being Kenneth’s friend’, but it was a part that Kenneth liked to pretend did not exist and that Dwight never dared to bring up outside of the moments it became necessary. Kenneth desired control over all things, he wanted to appear perfect and strong to everyone around him, even if the reality was that he was flawed and often fragile. Dwight was the only person he allowed to see those things. Around others, he put up a front; he talked in pretentious, boisterous ways and carried himself with an air of superiority, mainly so he could appear much more in control of himself and the world around him than he truly was.

He could hide the fact that something was scary to him by talking a big game. He could compensate for his small stature by standing tall and speaking loudly. He could make himself appear far more intelligent than he actually was by projecting confidence and authority into his voice. These things, he thought, all made him seem stronger, and hid his weaknesses. But, pee-shyness was a weakness he could not hide by talking himself up to others and acting loud and rowdy. It was something he had absolutely zero control over, and something that he could not conceal from others forever and because of that it made him fall apart faster than anything else could. Kenneth knew he had no control over it. And admitting—even if only to himself— that there was something he could not force to just bend to his will by screaming at it loudly enough, was utterly devastating to him.

He’d actually tried screaming at his shy bladder before, as he attempted to pee behind a few bushes with a group of people nearby, and found himself unable to achieve release. He ended up yelling, from both pain and frustration; “WORK, GOD DAMMIT! JUST WORK, YOU STUPID THING! I’M SO SICK OF THIS SHIT!”

Allowing his rage to boil over and lead him into screaming at his body had not resulted in a stream of urine. Go figure. It had, however, resulted in a great deal of laughter and teasing from all who heard it.

“Okay,” Dwight said. “I’m going to help you, is that alright?”

“Make it stop,” Kenneth said quietly, defeated.

“I will,” Dwight promised. “I’ll make it better.” He got into the bed beside Kenneth. “Just have to make you feel safer, that’s all.” He took the blanket and tugged it up around Kenneth’s shoulders, then pulled his friend close and ran his hand down his arm. “Relax, buddy. No one’s coming in here. It’s just us.”

“I can’t—“

“You can,” Dwight said. “You need to. You need to so bad. It will feel good, just take a deep breath.”

Kenneth inhaled shakily.

“Hold it there,” Dwight said, though maybe he shouldn’t be telling Kenneth to ‘hold’ anything right now. He kept stroking his friend’s arm.

“Exhale.”

Kenneth did.

“That’s good. Let’s do that a couple more times, alright?”

On the fourth or fifth time, the irritating drips and dribbles began to change into an actual stream. Urine poured into the bottle, loudly spattering against the thick plastic material. “Nnn…” Kenneth whined.

“That’s good,” Dwight said.

“It’s loud…”

“And no one is around to hear it but me,” Dwight said. “And, I don’t care. Just keep doing that.”

Kenneth tried to blot out the sound of liquid striking plastic, tried to blot out the fact that the noise was coming from him. Hearing such a loud, hissy gush splashing such firm material and knowing that it was his pee was so, so embarrassing. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to blot out everything about the situation.

After a few seconds of that, he realized there was one part he didn’t necessarily want to ignore; This felt really good. He’d been so tense all over for so long, having even just one muscle loosen up was truly Heavenly. It sent tingles of pleasure all across his body. He bit down hard against a moan of relief, aware that Dwight was still right beside him. But, when the next wave of pure, unadulterated good washed over him, he couldn’t hold it back; “Ahhhhhhhhh….” he sighed out, even as his face reddened with embarrassment. He couldn’t control the sounds his mouth made any more than he could control the jet of pee cascading from his tip. The dam had burst, and the torrent wasn’t going to let up until he was completely drained.

Dwight tried not to laugh at the moans and gasps Kenneth couldn’t stop making. Such primal, animalistic sounds were so uncommon to hear from his control-freak best friend. Even other times when Dwight had helped Kenneth relieve his very full bladder, it was rare that it would make him groan like that, especially so loudly. Kenneth looked so relaxed now, his face was tinged pink still, but his eyes were shut, his jaw was slack, he looked more at peace than he ever usually was.

Kenneth felt himself going pinker when he realized the bottle was growing pretty warm and heavy in his hands. Knowing the cause of the sudden change in weight and temperature was how much urine he was pumping it full of made him feel pretty self-conscious about it.

Dwight tried not to say anything to his friend for fear of freezing him back up again, but as the bottle grew fuller and fuller, it became necessary. “Um… Are you close to done?”

“I think so,” Kenneth exhaled. “Why?”

“You’ve… Uh… You’ve nearly filled the container.”

Kenneth opened his eyes now and looked. The urine bottle was massive, and he’d seriously almost filled it to the top, just a tiny bit of space left. He hadn’t seen where Elizabeth had taken it out of, and hoped dearly that the little room left would be enough so he didn’t have to try and hold back the rest while Dwight found a second bottle. He did feel nearly finished, though.

After a few more spurts, he was emptied. The bottle, however, was totally filled to the brim. As he pulled it back away from himself, a few rivulets of urine snaked down from its opening. He wrinkled his brow in disgust at the feeling of it trickling onto his hands. “I—I need the—“

“Right," Dwight said. He retrieved the cap and twisted it onto the bottle Kenneth still held as gently as he could. Still, that tiny amount of jostling had caused the filled receptacle to spill over the top a tiny bit. Dwight took the bottle from Kenneth, who held his hands out away from his body, utterly grossed out. His hands had piss on them. His own piss, sure. But still, it was piss. Dwight better bring him something to disinfect with after he took care of the bottle.

Dwight was looking at the bottle.

Why the Hell was he looking at a bottle of Kenneth’s piss so intently? Kenneth felt himself going redder than ever, “Dwight! Why—“

“I was just— This thing says it holds two liters, Kenneth.”

“So?” Kenneth demanded. “Stop looking at my… You know—“

“It’s just, that means you were holding two liters.” Dwight said, amazement and a touch of worry in his tone. “Jesus… You must have been in agony!”

“I—I was,” Kenneth said. “Is that bad?”

“I don’t… I can’t remember where I heard this. But, I think people can normally hold around half a liter? I know there’s no way I could ever fill this thing up all the way. Are you… okay?”

“I’d be better if you weren’t still holding that bottle!”

“Oh, sorry, yeah. I’ll go empty it… Outside somewhere, I guess.” Dwight said, starting to leave.

“Good!”

“Hope it doesn’t drown the grass or someth—“

“GO!”

Dwight returned a few minutes later. “Elizabeth said to make sure your abdomen is not overly sore.”

“Oh my G— You SHOWED her!?”

“Not on purpose! She saw me carrying it out and just— You’re not super sore, are you?”

“I’m a little tender, yes,” Kenneth said. “But other than that, I feel… Better.”

“You certainly should,” Dwight said. “That was… Honestly impressive. You’re so small, how did you even fit all tha—“

“Dwight, please!?” Kenneth begged. “I do not wish to speak about this any longer!”

“Sorry…”

They both fell silent.

“Jeez, my leg really hurts!” Kenneth exclaimed after a minute.

Dwight did laugh then. “Uh, yeah. You were shot there, remember?”

“I don’t think I really felt it until now…” Kenneth said. “Certain… Other things were far more uncomfortable and pressing.”

“Heh… If you need something else for the pain, I’ll try to help you feel better. Want some help laying back down?”

“Yes, please.”

