Little Girl Jane

Author: Starcaster10

*000*2021-04-20 01:02

The other night I had an idea for a story so I decided to write it. I've been a long time lurker on this forum so I figured I would finally create an account and share what I had made. Hope you enjoy.

Jane sighed as she closed the front door to her apartment behind her, finally being able to release the stress in her shoulders from a long day at work.

She wanted badly to crawl into bed and look at pointless things on her phone for three hours before going to sleep, but she had made a prior commitment to her friends to spend that Friday evening on something nice. In this instance, it was a pricey dinner at a nice restaurant.

A glance at her watch revealed a time of 6:30 p.m, meaning she had around ten minutes to get ready before she needed to leave.

Jane moved swiftly into the adjacent kitchen space and began to pour herself a glass of sweet tea. She’d always found comfort in the drink, as it revived memories in her head of more innocent times, more or less, on her grandparents’ farm in South Carolina. She downed a glass and a half quickly to focus her head, and then made for her bedroom at the end of her apartment’s only hallway, another semi-full glass in tow.

It was at this point a large unanswered question arrived in Jane’s stream of thoughts, which since leaving work had included what she was going to tell her friends when they asked why she, at 24, was still single and showing no prospects.

Also on her mind had been whether or not she would find such a prospect tonight, as one of her friends, Mia Anderson, had said she was bringing a “friend” of hers, Michael, whom she had described as “sexy” and “a total hunk” in their group chat. Following images proved to Jane that those statements were true.

However, those clouds scattered in her mind as she became focused on one new problem. What the hell was she going to wear tonight?

Jane, standing in front of her bedroom’s closet mirror, illuminated on all sides by the many colorful strips of LED lights that ran along her walls, pulled her work hoodie off over her brown hair and revealed a T -shirt showing off the logo for a metal band she loved in high school.

Removing that shirt revealed a black sports bra cradling a set of mid to large-size breasts that made all her friends silently jealous, save for Jessica from her exercise class, who sported a pair of DDDs and never wore a bra when she could get away with it. She admired how her long hair fell upon her chest, almost accentuating it.

Her basic pair of work khakis fell next revealing smooth cream colored legs she toned often with running or bike riding. Her panties were a basic black color matching that of her bra and were slightly small, showing off a decent bit of the contour of her labia.

Jane stood in front of her bedroom mirror admiring her figure and thinking of all the ways it could be used by Michael’s chiseled arms and no doubt very endowed manhood. It brought to her an all-too-familiar feeling in her lower regions, but as she took another sip of sweet tea, she began to feel a different sensation, the unmistakable twang of needing the toilet, no doubt brought on by the nervous tea drinking and numerous bottles of water she drank while at work earlier.

Another glance at her watch imparted a time of 6:35. Shit, she thought. I’ve got five minutes left and I’m standing here naked drinking tea.

Still centering on her lust for Michael, she decided she didn’t have the time to relieve herself and should instead find a killer outfit that will tell Michael she’s very interested.

Off came the bra and panties, but she hadn’t the time to admire herself further. Jane dug around in the dresser nearest her closet and found a thin, pinkish skirt that came no lower down her legs than the mid-thigh. Still without panties, she went ahead and slipped it on, relishing in its relative lewdness compared to what she usually wore.

Inside the closet, Jane approached another dresser, next to which was a small rectangular bag that stirred in her some rather indignant feelings.

I’m absolutely not wearing one of those, Jane thought to herself. I’m an adult, and I’m trying to get dicked tonight.

So she put the bag out her mind and fetched from inside the dresser a pair of panties. She haphazardly pulled the lacy, dark gray panties up her legs and over her privates, noticing some more significant pushback from her now bloated feeling bladder. Once having put on her panties, Jane felt compelled to grab at her crotch and find a way to make the feeling go away.

Another look at her watch showed a time of 6:39. Nope, she had to be out the door now. The dinner place was 20 minutes away and she did not want her friends getting any more time with Michael than her.

Quickly Jane pulled on a thin, white shirt that hugged her breasts well and made her realize that she had forgotten to put on a bra. Her need to leave however and her uncomfortable bladder told her that it didn’t matter. I'd hoped to have it taken off by the end of the night anyway.

Jane finished off her cup of sweet tea before heading out the door and down the stairs of her apartment building. Around back she entered her white Ford Focus and began driving north through her small town towards the combination restaurant and bar that she and her friends were meeting at.

By the time Jane pulled into the restaurant parking lot, she had begun to regret her decision not to relieve her bladder before leaving. The tight uncomfort in her abdomen made her unable to sit still, especially at a red light. The twang longed for pressure from her hand or crossed legs, but she resisted based on the idea that it would be undignified for a woman her age. She’d been in much more uncomfortable bladder situations before, anyway, so she didn’t think much of it.

She made her way through the restaurant’s front door at 7:03 p.m. The cool evening air and parking lot smells combined to provide a strange atmosphere for the beginning of Jane’s highly anticipated night.

Inside, Jane noticed that there was no one in front of her, meaning her friends were either late or had already found a table. Perfect, she thought. I can dash off to the toilet unnoticed and finally release this pee.

Her ambitions were dashed though as Mia and her head of unmistakable silky red hair waved from across the dining area. Jane could tell she was looking directly at her from her corner booth seat. Next to her was Michael in all his sexy charm.

Reluctantly, Jane proceeded towards Mia’s table and watched as her other friend, Amy, stood up from the opposite booth and offered her the inside seat.

Trying not to portray her bladder’s predicament to Michael, who greeted her nicely with a deep voice, Jane took the seat offered to her. Amy sat back down and slid up close to her high school friend. Her flowing blue sundress collected by her thighs and her golden hair fell beneath her shoulders.

While Jane’s tolerance for small talk was reduced at the moment, she participated as much as she could in the conversation that began over drinks. Jane learned that Michael was a young professional in a banking firm, she awkwardly admitted to Mia’s questioning that she was still single, and Mia told the group about her latest sexual exploits which, even though she had become thoroughly used to Mia’s stories, invariably made Jane slightly blush.

Apparently Mia had been with three men at once the weekend before, and while it wasn’t explicitly said, Jane could tell Michael was likely one of them, the thought of which, combined with the knowledge that Michael was presently looking intently over her body, stirred a naughty feeling in her crotch that temporarily distracted her from her bladder.

She felt the odd feeling of pee beginning to make its way out of her and, while trying to keep a poker face, adjusted her legs to place some more pressure on her peehole.

Fuck, I have to pee, Jane thought as the pressure on her peehole barely waned. I shouldn't have drank all that tea.

However, even as the pressure began mounting between her crossed legs, Jane was mortified at the thought of announcing her need to pee to MIchael and shamefully asking Amy to let her up from the table. As much as she needed release, it was out of the question. She would just have to hold it until she had convinced Michael to come home with her.

Besides, she thought. I’m a grown woman and I should be able to hold it.

With a newfound resolve, Jane continued holding her pent-up pee even as she downed a couple of fruity, ambiguously alcoholic drinks, at least for another ten minutes before her bloated pee-filled bladder began trying to leak again.

This time, the feeling caught her mid-sentence. As she felt the leak coming on, she fought back the instinct to shove a hand against her quivering pussy and hold herself like a little girl who had ignored her need to pee until it was too late.

With eyes on her, Jane’s anxious fear of her company judging her made it so she had to act as if she didn’t need desperately to go to the toilet. She continued on talking as a small bit of pee shot out of her peehole and into her thin panties. At once her pussy lips felt warm and wet, and now far more than before she had to squeeze her legs together to prevent the leak from becoming a stream.

Underneath the table, Jane tried to stealthily reach up under her skirt to feel the damage from the small leak of pee. As she felt the now approximately inch-sized wet spot right at her pussy, she mentally scolded herself for getting into this position.

You better not piss your panties again, you stupid little girl, Jane imagined being said to her in Michael’s voice. Supremely naughtly thoughts filled her head and began to affect her. Her nipples, unconstrained, began to poke noticeably out of the front of her white blouse.

Despite her efforts, Jane’s desperate state was noticed by Amy, who had seen on many occasions the tell-tale signs that her friend needed to pee and was too shy to say so.

Eye contact with Mia confirmed Amy’s suspicion. They both separately came to the conclusion that their friend needed a bailout.

“I’m going to go find the toilet,” Mia said in a way that invited her female friends to stereotypically join.

“I’ll come with,” Amy chimed. “What about you, Jane?”

Jane halfway snapped out of her naughty thoughts. She had resigned to some part of herself that she was about to piss her panties at that table, but now she had a way out. She could go with her female friends and finally release the many hours worth of pee that desperately wanted out of her. The thought of it sent a shiver down her spine and a bit of excitement to her stuck-out nipples.

She stole a glance at Michael to see his reactions, and saw that he was having a hard time concealing his interest in Jane’s protruding chest. His eyes barely stayed in his head.

Jane’s bladder twitched with her need, but another thought came to her mind. With her friends together in the bathroom, she would have the unique opportunity to speak with Michael alone.

I can’t pass this up, Jane reasoned to herself. The way he’s looking at me, just a few flirty phrases and I’ll have his sexy ass around my finger.

“No, I’m good,” Jane said to her friends. “You go on ahead.”

“Are you sure?” Amy asked again, knowing full well that her friend very much had to pee.

“Yep, you two be careful,” Jane said before turning to Michael, his sun kissed face showing a sensual smile.

Confused, Amy and Mia left for the bathroom to relieve their own bladders.

“So, you’re a businessman, huh?” Jane began. “What do you do for fun?”

“I work out a lot and like to enjoy the outdoors,” Michael replied, continuing to eyeball Jane’s slightly squirming body. “I go camping at least once a month.”

Jane’s head filled with visions of Michael swimming in a lake with no shirt on, the imprint of his dick visible through his tight swimming trunks. She tried to ignore the feeling that her bladder was on the verge of contracting hard.

“You take anyone on these camping trips with you?” She lightly grabbed her crotch with her left hand.

“I could, but it would have to be someone that could keep up with me. I do a lot of hiking.”

“You’re looking for a girl who can rough it in the woods?” She brought her other hand down to her crotch as the pressure became more than she had ever bore before. She was intensely desperate and felt her control slipping more.

“I might be,” Michael said knowingly.

Thinking entirely of taking this specimen’s cock inside her, Jane leaned across the table to Michael’s face and responded in her idea of a sexy, whispery voice, “I can handle whatever you throw at me.”

As Jane did this, her bladder had had just about enough and she had begun to leak more pee into her lacy gray panties.

She retracted back into her seat and began doubling over, both hands tightly holding her increasingly wet crotch.

No, no, no, no, no, not now! Jane thought in a panic. She crossed her legs as much as she could but still felt her control leaving her muscles. Her poor bladder was screaming at her to let go of her pee.

“Are you alright, Jane?” Michael asked.

She said nothing as another leak forced its way out of her peehole and into her hands, wetting them as the warm pee soaked through her thin lingerie. She grunted and clenched, making it obvious to Michael what was happening.

The next leak was the final straw. As another bit of pee soaked her panties and hands, she felt her control break away completely and a torrent of pee begin to spout from her peehole into her panties, quickly forming a puddle beneath her that soaked the bottom of her skirt.

The unmistakable hiss of hot pee streaming from Jane’s pussy into her clothes emanated around her. A few others at a nearby table looked over and saw a stream of pee falling onto the floor underneath.

“No, no, no, no, no…” she whimpered between sniffles. She had begun to cry slightly. Her face turned bright red, her eyes puffed up and snot ran down her face. She began to scold herself for pissing her panties like a stupid little girl.

You stupid baby, pissing yourself like that, she imagined Michael saying to her. The thought gave her a hot, tingly feeling in her pee-covered pussy.

The pissing continued for another minute, during which Jane sat in her one spot and soaked up a massive amount of the puddle beneath her into her pink skirt, giving it a slight yellow tint.

Through teary eyes Jane saw Michael effect a look of shock and disgust at her childish display.

“I’m sorry, I have to go,” Jane said quietly as she jumped up from the seat and towards the bathroom, her face almost entirely red. On her way, she ran past Mia and Amy, who were relieved to know she was finally going to the bathroom.

In the bathroom, she grabbed a stall and sat, huffing and puffing, on the toilet seat.

As Jane looked down to inspect the damage, she noticed that her nipples were still solid as ice and standing at attention. Her thoughts clouded some more, and she wanted nothing more than for her nipple to be pinched and sucked.

The warm wetness emanating from her crotch felt so inviting. Pulling up her soaking wet skirt, she placed her right palm against the soaking gusset and rubbed lightly. She took her left hand to her left nipple and began tweaking it through her thin shirt.

I pissed myself again, Jane thought to herself. I’m such a dumb, little girl for waiting too long.

She imagined Michael entering the stall door in front of her and saying, Did my little girl have an accident?

She rubbed more intensely upon her piss-soaked pussy. Light moans escaped Jane’s mouth before she stuck her thumb inside it.

Now, as she sucked her thumb, her pussy began to throb. It was one of those things Jane could never justify and would never do in front of anyone, but she loved the feeling so much she could barely cum without it. As she masturbated, she felt the need to pee again building in her bladder.

In Jane’s mind, Michael was taking her in his burly arms. You know only stupid little girls pee in their panties.

She paused to peel her soaked panties off and expose her bare, pissy pussy as she imagined Michael doing it instead.

Bad girl, Michael said as he pushed the piss-soaked panties onto Jane’s face. She inhaled deeply the scent, the evidence that she had pissed all over herself like a child.

Sucking the pee from her soaking panties, Jane’s toes began to curl as her orgasm approached.

"I’m a stupid little girl," Jane said aloud. As she began to cum, fresh piss began spurting directly onto the bathroom floor from Jane’s throbbing pussy. She couldn’t possibly have cared.

Cumming, Jane shook as her eyes rolled back in pure ecstasy. Even after falling off her glorious peak, her pee continued spraying onto the floor, creating a shiny yellow puddle that extended out underneath the stall walls. Jane couldn’t focus enough to try to stop. She slumped onto the toilet with her hand still caressing her wet pussy lips.

“Jane?” rang from the door to the bathroom. It was Amy. Michael had told her everything.

Hesitantly, Jane called to her friend, “In here. Don’t come in...please.”

“Did you have an accident again?” asked Amy. Jane’s face blushed behind the closed door. “Yes.”

“It’s OK, I’ll help you take care of it,” Amy said in a calming tone. “Michael left with Mia.”

“Did he say anything?” Jane asked optimistically.

Hesitant to burst her bubble, Amy eventually said, “He said...that he had no interest in a little girl who couldn’t control herself.”

Jane’s fantasy shattered, and she cried again, humiliated.

