Treating the Brain

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2018-10-14 05:16

I've been wanting to get a longer story out for awhile. My goal is to post a chapter a week (I'm thinking 5), but no promises. Hope you like it!

###

“Knight to E5.”

Andre smirked. “Playing right into my hands, I see. That’s exactly the move I thought you’d make. Your genius is no match for my devious plans!”

Only a very perceptive person would have noticed the tiniest of quirks in the corner of Braeden’s mouth. Andre was not such a person, but he was also unfazed by the seeming lack of reaction from the man sitting across from him.

Not much fazed Andre to begin with; he’d been a nurse for over 15 years, so he’d worked with all manner of patients. Braeden may be the richest of these patients, but ultimately, he was still a patient. And when patients came to the Royal Marsden Hospital, they came for one reason – to get the best cancer care in the world.

Specifically, Braeden had come for the services of Dr. Graham Black, Marsden’s resident neuro-oncologist. Dr. Black wasn’t just a brain surgeon – he was a tumor-extracting genius. He only removed brain tumors anymore, and he was very good at his job. So when Silicon Valley’s latest boy genius had been diagnosed with a fairly aggressive medulloblastoma, Dr. Black knew he would almost certainly get a call.

Any brain tumor is sad. A brain tumor in a certified genius is tragic. A brain tumor in a tech genius who was commonly referred to as “the Brain”?

…that was just wildly on the nose.

Braeden Holt was a reasonably stereotypical tech genius – skipped a grade or two, early admittance to MIT, started his own company with his best friend from college. Said best friend was Dean Pinkerton, and business media had quickly seized on “Pinkerton” and “Braeden” to make the short leap to “Pinky and the Brain.”

Dean, as the forward-facing partner, had leaned into the nickname. Braeden, for his part, didn’t mind too much. He didn’t pay much attention to the media, and it’s not like the moniker was an insult.

Braeden was really just there for the work. He was a true genius, focused and full of ideas. Within two years after graduating from MIT, Braeden had built the biggest accessible technology company in the United States. Now, at age 27, he oversaw an entire AT conglomerate, working with companies from IMB to GE to ensure their products included designs that could be used by people with nearly any manner of disability. Speech-to-text programs were no longer clunky and confused; they were easily personalized, with hundreds of modules depending on accent and jargon. In the reverse, text-to-speech programs no longer produced voices straight out of 80s sci-fi movies. It seemed like there was no usability issue that Braeden couldn’t solve, coming up with ideas that stunned engineers and techs would work hard to bring to fruition.

In addition to his inclusion-minded company, Braeden was generally known as a good boss. If Aaron Sorkin ever made a movie about him, he wouldn’t be portrayed as a dick. He certainly wasn’t effusive – on the contrary, Braeden was introverted and quiet – but he was gentle and understanding. He didn’t play games, he was generous in his compensation packages, and JamTech was known around the industry as a highly desirable place to work.

It had been a fairly smooth five years for Braeden, especially considering the likelihood of tech start-ups to flame out. He worked hard, but he loved his work. He kept a regular schedule, uninhibited by much socialization (and exactly no romantic activities), so when he’d started feeling sluggish and clumsy a few weeks ago, he hadn’t hesitated in consulting his doctor.

MRI’s were ordered and quickly examined, revealing a 4-centimeter tumor on his cerebellum, affecting his balance, coordination, and overall movement. The tumor was still small, but medulloblastomas were a danger to spread through the cerebrospinal fluid, endangering other parts of the brain.

Calls were made, specialists contacted, and within a week, Braeden was on a flight to London, with a specialized course of treatment being prepared for him by Dr. Black and the team at Marsden. They would start with a series of radiation sessions, aimed at keeping the tumor from growing, while Dr. Black prepared a surgical plan.

The tumor was oddly-shaped, Dr. Black had explained, with small, tendril-like protrusions creeping into the fissures of the cerebellum. The symptoms were unpredictable; other than the general decrease in coordination, they couldn’t predict exactly how Braeden’s body would be affected. Any brain surgery required significant recovery time, but due to the uncertainty of Braeden’s prognosis, Dr. Black had assembled a comprehensive team of neurologists, nurses, and occupational and physical therapists to help support his rehabilitation.

Obviously, Braeden could afford the very best, and that’s what the center provided for him. Accustomed to caring for wealthy and influential patients and their families, the professionals in London knew the drill – a carefully curated team of specialists were assigned to Braeden’s case. They were paid extremely well, but the work was consistent, shifts arranged so that Braeden was familiar with his entire team. No strangers would set foot in his top-floor suite of rooms.

Andre was one such specialist. He was experienced enough not to be overwhelmed by Braeden’s money and fame, and he was physically strong enough to support Braeden as the young man increasingly struggled with everyday tasks.

Part of Andre’s job, as was the understood responsibility of all the nurses, was to keep Braeden company. An only child and an orphan, Braeden had come to London alone, leaving his best friend and business partner to run the company back in California.

At first, the idea of such a setup had seemed sad to Andre – who goes through treatment for brain cancer alone? Surely he had other friends, more distant family?

But Braeden didn’t seem fazed. He was quiet but alert, not much for conversation, but kind and grateful to all his caretakers. Andre never asked outright, but Braeden seemed to be bearing his diagnosis quite stoically. Between meetings with Dr. Black and therapeutic exercises, Braeden read, slept, and kept up with JamTech through regular phone calls with Dean. Between these calls, he’d keep up his work, using one of his own recording devices to notate ideas as he thought through solutions to company challenges.

Despite the increasing challenges of keeping his body moving the way he wanted it to, Braeden’s cognition was utterly untouched. If anyone had bothered to ask him, he would have said that he was grateful that the tumor wasn’t impacting the part of his brain that he actually relied on.

So, with a stable and undemanding patient, Andre just kept doing his job. He had the early morning shift with Braeden, supporting the patient through physical therapy exercises, monitoring his stats, and keeping up an ongoing going game of chess. Recently, Braeden had struggled to move the pieces smoothly, without knocking over other pieces on the board, so he’d taken to calling out moves for Andre to complete.

Today, the weather was nice enough that they’d moved the game out to the private balcony off of Braeden’s room. The lawn set was simple, but comfortable enough for an hour or so of chess.

“So Dr. Black still hasn’t set a date for the surgery?” Andre asked. Braeden wasn’t one for small talk, but Andre and the other nurses would occasionally ask him about his treatment, just to try to keep tabs on how Braeden’s mental and emotional state was holding up.

Braeden shook his head slightly in response. “I’m scheduled for another MRI tomorrow so he can check the margins. If nothing has changed too drastically, he’ll finalize the surgical plan then.”

Nodding, Andre made his move. He hadn’t won a game against Braeden yet and knew that he probably never would, but he was accomplished enough to keep the matches lasting awhile.

“And have you found a place for rehab yet?”

Braeden would stay in the hospital for several weeks after surgery, but then, since nobody really likes staying in hospitals (even in the fancy suites), Braeden had decided that he would rent a place nearby while he continued his rehabilitation, until it was decided that he was well enough to fly back to the US.

To Andre’s surprise, Braeden responded in the affirmative. “Out by Regent’s Park.”

Andre nodded in approval. “Could be nice and quiet, not far from here. Good choice. What’s the layout like?”

“It’s three stories,” Braeden explained, contemplating the chessboard. “I’ll have the first floor properly arranged, but I’m hoping that by the time I move in, I’ll have the capability to use all three floors.”

Andre grinned. Braeden didn’t often exhibit what one might call “personality,” but through small examples like the previous statement, Andre had learned that the man was, despite his generally quiet demeanor, extraordinarily confident. It wasn’t that Braeden didn’t understand the severity of his illness; on the contrary, Braeden was incredibly well-educated and probably knew more about neurology in general and his tumor specifically than any patient Andre had every worked with.

But Braeden was also possibly the hardest worker Andre had ever cared for. From moment one, he’d devoted himself thoroughly to his therapy, working to maintain as much strength and coordination as he could before the surgery so he wouldn’t have as far to climb back after. Andre had no doubt that Braeden would be able to use all three floors of his surely expensive rental home.

“Well, you know how much I like working with you, man, but I’ll be happy when they let you move into that new place,” Andre said sincerely.

Almost smiling for real, Braeden stared at the board. “Bishop to F4,” he ordered, quietly but decisively.

Making the requested move, Andre pored over the new configuration. “I can’t see it yet, but I get the feeling that was a power move from you,” he teased. “How many moves until you win?”

Braeden tilted his head to the side, unbothered by the implied compliment. He liked Andre, partially because the nurse didn’t seem to want any false humility.

“Eight moves, at best,” he assessed. “Maybe eleven if you-“

Andre had been looking at the chessboard, but he immediately glanced up when Braeden stopped talking abruptly.

The young man was sitting stock still, his head still askew. His eyebrows were drawn together into a look of utter confusion.

“Braeden?” Andre kept his voice level, but he was already poised on the edge of his chair. He scanned his patient, silently taking in any potential symptoms.

Braeden didn’t respond, but he slowly lowered his gaze to his lap. He apparently didn’t see anything that comforted him, because the look of confusion didn’t dissipate.

“Braeden…” Other than silence – which wasn’t uncharacteristic – Braeden wasn’t exhibiting any overt symptoms. His breathing appeared normal, his pupils seemed responsive, and he wasn’t slouched or giving any other indications of a stroke, but Andre was ready to sprint into the room and hit the call button.

“I-“ Braeden blinked. “I apologize,” he murmured.

Andre let out a breath. “For what, man?”

“I-“ Braeden gripped the arms of the chair. Even this slight movement was the most unnerved Andre had even seen him.

“I apologize,” Braeden repeated. He straightened his shoulders, but couldn’t bring himself to meet Andre’s eyes. “I’m afraid I have to ask to cut our game short.”

“That’s fine,” Andre assured the younger man, not a little confused himself. “Whatever you need.”

The faintest flush tinted Braeden’s cheeks. “I need to go back inside,” he replied, leaning forward in his chair as if to stand.

Andre was already on his feet, moving to support his charge.

“I need to change,” Braeden continued, his voice still soft. “I…I’ve had an accident.”

The final sentence was uttered just as Andre rounded the table to see the explanatory wetness across the front of Braeden’s pants.

Years of training and experience kept Andre from showing any sort of shock. He’d seen much worse, of course – a little wetting accident was no big deal, even if it was completely unprecedented.

“No problem, man,” Andre said easily, helping Braeden to his feet. “We’ll get you cleaned up in no time.”

“Thank you, Andre.” Braeden’s voice was nearly a whisper, but he was clearly doing his best to support himself as much as possible, even though his steps were jerky and uneven.

Andre guided Braeden into the bathroom to help him clean up. Understandably, Braeden still preferred to do as much of his self-care himself as possible, but he understood the requirement for supervision.

The clean-up process was slow and careful, but silent. Andre knew better than to insist on discussion from Braeden in most cases, particularly as he was helping clean urine from the CEO’s thighs.

After Braeden was clean and dry and settled into his bed, Andre finally broached the necessary subject.

“I’m sure you don’t want to talk about it,” Andre began, pulling up the tablet with Braeden’s records, “but I’ve got to ask. What happened? Did you have to use the toilet?”

Braeden drew in a deep breath. He curled his fingers briefly around the sheets, but then sat up and raised his head.

“No,” he replied, simply but clearly.

Andre nodded, typing in notes. “Did you feel anything at all? Any pain or sharpness?”

“No,” Braeden repeated. He paused. “I didn’t feel anything until I felt wetness in my lap.”

Andre finished his notes, then looked up, fixing Braeden with a well-practiced professional advice stare. “I don’t want to alarm you, Braeden, but given the positioning of your tumor, I think we need to look into this. I’m going to recommend moving your MRI up to today.”

“Of course,” Braeden nodded, his voice taking on a formal quality. “Do you need any more information from me?”

Scanning over his notes, Andre pressed his lips together. “I’m going to read the description of the event. Correct anything that I missed, but if it matches your experience, then I don’t need any more from you.”

Braeden just stared, but didn’t argue, so Andre proceeded.

“Patient was seated outside at approximately 10:15 AM. Patient experienced a complete loss of bladder control with no feelings of urgency and no pain. Patient’s bladder voided entirely –“ Andre glanced at Braeden, who nodded in confirmation. “- representing a roughly average amount of urine.”

Braeden nodded once, his face blank. Andre tapped a few buttons to submit the notes on the tablet, then looked up.

“We should have the MRI scheduled within the hour. Dr. Black should already be in today, so he’ll be able to examine the images right away, and we’ll see what we need to do from there.”

“Yes,” Braeden agreed. “Thank you, Andre.”

Andre smiled encouragingly. “I’m going to go speak to the charge nurse to make sure everyone is on the same page. Just press the call button if you need anything.”

Braeden nodded, reaching for his computer, already preparing to move on and catch up on work.

“Don’t worry, man,” Andre assured him as he headed out the door. “You’re in good hands. We’re gonna make sure everything works out.”

Braeden hummed, not looking up from his screen. Andre just shook his head ruefully as he shut the door behind him. He’d never met a more even-keeled patient.

*005*2018-10-20 20:49

{{On 10/14/2018 at 1:35 AM, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this so far

}}

Thank you!

{{On 10/14/2018 at 9:03 AM, Pilly Christal said:

I love this! You always write things that make their ways to my heart. I hope that Braeden will be okey... I was amazed by the details you have written here. The tech part and the medical part of the description were equally interesting.

I'll wait for the next chapters!

}}

Thanks, Pilly! I always tell myself that I'm not gonna spend *too* much time doing research for short omo stories, but then I can't stand to knowingly write inaccurate facts, so here I am, looking through medical journals

{{On 10/15/2018 at 1:25 AM, JT Bull said:

I am: impressed

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you like it!

{{On 10/15/2018 at 4:57 PM, AliasnameTO said:

Are you sure you wouldn't rather put all that effort toward a normal novel or short story? I mean, it's a tremendous bit of (very high quality) exposition for us to get a rise out of Braeden's situation. If you shared a non-omo fic, you can count me in for reading it.

That said, I'm fascinated here too. A high-powered tech maven probably isn't used to much being out of his control.

}}

Eh, "normal" works are too demanding. This definitely isn't going to be traditional omo (see response below), but you, inadvertently or otherwise, absolutely nailed the premise - a meditation, if you will, on complete loss of control. Not just losing bladder control after fighting for it, but not having any to begin with.

{{On 10/15/2018 at 5:00 PM, Lion1423 said:

I agree, it's a good idea for a story. I'm just not sure if it's the best one for omo related means.

}}

You're not wrong! This isn't going to have many of the traditional elements of omo, particularly desperation (at least not for awhile), so I totally understand if it's not your thing! My writing (and anyone's writing, for that matter) isn't everyone's cup of tea!

*006*2018-10-21 05:55

True to his word, Andre had Braeden delivered down to the MRI machine in under an hour. He’d taken the patient to the restroom first, however, to no argument from Braeden. Just in case.

Even adults tended to get nervous inside the noisy, cylindrical imager, but Braeden lay perfectly still as the coil whirred and clicked.

“So he lost complete bladder control?” Bex asked.

Andre shrugged. “It sounds like it, but I’m not sure that’s exactly how I’d characterize what happened. He may have just been distracted or too focused.”

Bex pursed her lips. Dr. Rebecca Marshall was Dr. Black’s second-in-command on the case, so she was present for all of the imaging sessions. Unlike Dr. Black, however, she didn’t have a singular focus on brain tumors. Yes, she was a skilled neurosurgeon in her own right, but Bex had never lost the world-saving drive she’d entered med school with. As part of a younger generation of medical professionals, Bex valued the importance of the whole patient, not just the pathologized organ.

Coming from that perspective, Bex was looking at Braeden’s latest symptom not only for its likely cerebellar cause, but for its implications on the man’s overall well-being.

Andre, on the other hand, was just marveling at Braeden’s utter lack of movement on the other side of the transparent barrier.

“He’s just a statue,” Andre marveled. “I’ve never seen a more consistently chill patient.”

“You say chill…” Bex drew out the last word, leaving the “I say to-mah-to” clause implied.

Andre turned, skeptical. “Come on, Dr. Marshall. He’s knowledgeable and he follows all our orders. You can’t tell me you’d prefer the WebMD-quoting self-diagnosticians or entitled bums who don’t do anything we ask and then complain that they’re not getting any better?”

“Don’t exaggerate, Andre,” Bex scoffed. “You know that’s not what I’m saying.”

She turned to stare at the motionless young genius laying on the MRI table. “Think about it – this is a young guy, on top of the tech world, and not only does he get a tumor, he gets a tumor in the organ he values most. It’s gotta be scary for him.”

“Yeah,” Andre agreed, “but we’ve got it pretty well under control. He’s doing great in therapy, he’s got the best neurosurgeon in the world, and his prognosis for survival is excellent. Everything’s progressing well.”

Bex fixed the nurse with a look, wordlessly urging him to the next logical thought.

“…until this morning,” Andre said after a pause. “But we don’t know if that’s anything, yet! It could be nothing. It was just an accident.”

“Exactly,” Bex said softly. “As much as he can learn about medulloblastomas or physical therapy, but suddenly realizing that you might be at risk for losing bladder control at age 27? That’s not something that a high IQ is gonna help you cope with.”

“Eh.” Andre still wasn’t ready to accept Dr. Marshall’s reasoning. “I think this guy can handle it. He’s been super chill so far. I think he’s gonna take this in stride.”

Bex just hummed and turned back to the screen.

###

Nearly two hours later, Dr. Marshall and Dr. Black entered Braeden’s suite. Andre set down his notes at the table and moved over to the bed. Braeden, who was settled under a blanket, closed his laptop and looked up at his doctors.

“Good afternoon, Braeden.” Dr. Black smiled. Braeden liked the renowned surgeon – he was efficient and impersonal, much like Braeden himself preferred to be.

Braeden dipped his head in greeting, not wanting to waste any more time with niceties.

“As you can see,” Dr. Black began as Dr. Marshall held out her tablet with an image from the MRI, “although the tumor has decreased in size overall as a result of the radiation therapy, a portion of the tumor has grown slightly, impinging on the ventromedial cerebellum.”

Braeden nodded, focused intently on the image of his brain.

“The exact mechanisms aren’t well known, but the ventromedial cerebellum has been identified as an area of importance in individuals with overactive bladder. It’s hypothesized that, like other functions of the cerebellum, the impact of the ventromedial area on the bladder is one of coordination – keeping voluntary bodily actions smooth and connected.”

Dr. Black inhaled. He didn’t like uncertainty, but he’d never dealt with this particular configuration of tumor placement and related symptoms before. Now, it was his job to make sure his patient was as informed as possible.

“Based on the particular growth of your tumor and the symptoms this morning –“ Andre glanced at Braeden as Dr. Black clinically referred to the patient’s accident, but the inventor’s face didn’t betray any emotion whatsoever. “-it appears that the tumor might be contributing to situational bouts of incontinence. If your brain is focused on other things, such as strong emotions, unfamiliar sensory input, or even run of the mill concentration, your cerebellum may not be able to coordinate multitasking, as it were, resulting in the voiding of urine.”

Braeden took a shallow breath, sitting back a bit against his pillows. “I understand this is uncommon,” he equivocated, “but do you have any sense of how permanent these symptoms may be?”

Ever professional, Dr. Black refrained from either nodding or shaking his head. “Here’s what’s going to happen. We’re going to schedule the surgery for tomorrow. Dr. Marshall and I had already pretty much finalized our plan, and these new scans don’t alter it substantially. They do, however, emphasize the importance of timing. Because we don’t know whether or not pressure on the ventromedial cerebellum could cause permanent damage, we want to remove the tumor and resulting pressure as soon as possible.”

A brief look flashed across Braeden’s face, too quick for Andre to recognize. By the time Andre blinked, Braeden had rearranged his face into its previous look of clinical disengagement.

“Due to these new considerations,” Dr. Marshall jumped in, “we’ve updated your treatment plan. Under normal circumstances, we’d leave you catheterized for several days post-surgery, until you were comfortable moving to the toilet or using a urinal on a regular basis.”

Andre kept his eyes on Braeden. The patient’s breathing was still a bit short, but otherwise, he seemed to be listening intently.

Dr. Marshall was still talking. “However, because we want to be able to monitor your healing as it relates to your bladder control, we will instead fit you with special protective garments – developed by your company, actually,” she added, a bit sheepishly.

The movement of Braeden’s mouth could only be deemed a smile under the most generous of definitions, but it was the most he could manage. Of course, he knew exactly the product that Dr. Marshall was referring to. Braeden knew all of his company’s products and collaborations, but the “digital diapers,” as his team had taken to calling them (over Braeden’s objections) were a one of the quirkier inventions he’d even developed.

The briefs – Dr. Marshall was explaining the function for the benefit of Andre, but Braeden was only half listening – had originally been developed for adults with severe intellectual disabilities who were not toilet trained. They came with an attachable wetness detector that connected to an external digital indicator that would notate the timing and volume of wetness. The technology was quickly adapted for babies as well as medical patients so that caregivers could not only keep track of kidney function, but also see instantly when an individual needed changed.

“Using the information from the garments,” Dr. Marshall went on, “we’ll be able to establish any patterns of urination. We’ll incorporate pelvic floor work into your therapy, and then, with your input, we’ll determine when it is safe to attempt use of the toilet again.”

Andre could all but see the gears turning in Braeden’s mind as he tried to take in this new addition to his treatment plan.

“If that all sounds acceptable to you, Mr. Holt,” Dr. Black was speaking once again, “we’ll go ahead and schedule the surgery.”

Braeden straightened his shoulders. “Of course. I’ll contact my partner to let him know that I will be unavailable for the next week. Dr. Black, Dr. Marshall, thank you both for your work.”

Dr. Black nodded curtly, and Dr. Marshall smiled, doing her best to keep overt concern off of her face. They went to complete and practice the surgical plan, leaving Braeden with Andre.

For several moments, Andre just gazed at his patient, thinking of Dr. Marshall’s claims earlier that morning. He thought of the implications of losing control over your bladder for a 27-year-old. He thought of Braeden’s incredible intelligence. He thought of Dr. Black’s description of the cerebellum’s “multitasking” – strong emotions, unfamiliar sensory input, even run-of-the-mill concentration.

Andre looked down at Braeden, who hadn’t moved to reopen his laptop.

“Braeden?” Andre’s voice was soft, but not patronizing.

Braeden lifted his inscrutable gaze to his nurse, a man who he’d only met recently, but who now was party to more personal information than virtually anyone else in Braeden’s life knew.

The young man didn’t speak, so Andre had to ask his question unprompted.

“Do you need to change?”

The pause before Braeden’s response confirmed Andre’s hunch, and the nurse was grateful he hadn’t falsely accused the young man of wetting himself again.

“Yes, please.”

Andre stepped next to the bed, reaching out to support Braeden as the patient peeled back the covers, revealing the pants clinging to his legs and the wet, crumpled patch of sheets under him on the bed.

It made sense, Andre thought as he guided Braeden to the bath. Perhaps Dr. Marshall had been correct in her belief that Braeden would struggle to handle this recent turn of events. Because that quick look on Braeden’s face when Dr. Black was explaining the uncertainty of the prognosis? The one that had led Andre to believe that he might be once again having an accident?

It was fear.

###

Andre arranged his schedule so he could be there to help take Braeden down to surgery the following morning. The surgery itself was scheduled to last hours, so Andre basically would have the rest of the day off, but, armed with his new belief that Dr. Marshall had been correct and Braeden’s emotional state needed a bit more monitoring, Andre wanted to make sure he was present before the young man was taken to the OR.

“How ya feelin’, Mr. Holt?” Andre asked with practiced cheerfulness. Regardless of the events of yesterday, Andre always made an effort to be upbeat for his patients on the day of surgery.

“Doing well, Andre, and yourself?” Braeden didn’t bother trying to smile, but his response was honest, not acerbic.

“Just looking forward to seeing you on the other side,” Andre replied, clapping Braeden on the shoulder.

Braeden still didn’t smile, but his eyes softened slightly. He really was quite fortunate to have such kind and comforting staff caring for him.

###

The surgery itself went fairly well. Dr. Black and Dr. Marshall were a well-practiced team, and their surgical plan was well-rehearsed. Dr. Black took extra care when extracting the area of the tumor embedded in the ventromedial cerebellum. The brain had much greater healing power than scientists previously thought, but Graham didn’t want to test Braeden’s biological resilience any more than strictly necessary.

Due to the size and placement of the tumor, the team expected Braeden to wake up within 24-48 hours. The team of nurses monitored his stats while he was unconscious, moving him periodically to prevent bedsores.

The following afternoon, the patterns on Braeden’s EEG monitor edged toward wakefulness. Dr. Marshall was called immediately, and it was she who was present when Braeden’s eyes dragged open.

“Braeden? Braeden, can you hear me?” Bex shone a light in Braeden’s eyes, testing his pupillary reflex and finding it responsive.

Braeden blinked, his recently-exposed brain unable to enact deliberate functions.

“Can you blink twice if can understand me?” Bex encouraged.

After a moment, Braeden managed two deliberate blinks, much to Bex’s pleasure.

“Very good!” she crowed. “That’s excellent, Braeden. I know it probably doesn’t feel like much of an accomplishment, but understanding and responding as soon as you wake up after surgery is a great sign. You’re going to keep resting now, but tomorrow morning, we’ll get you out of bed and moving.”

Dr. Marshall rose and gave some instructions to Jacinda, the nurse on shift, then smiled at Braeden on her way out the door.

Jacinda fluffed Braeden’s pillow. She wasn’t meant to raise the adjustable bed yet, but she wanted to try to make him as comfortable as possible. Braeden’s eyes darted back and forth, trying to take in as much information as possible.

“Don’t worry, love,” Jacinda soothed, adjusting the blankets. “I know it’s scary, not being able to move or talk, but just breathe. Take this time to relax. You’re going to get up tomorrow, and that’s not going to be any fun at all.”

Braeden closed his eyes, slowly taking in Jacinda’s words.

“But we’ve seen you, love,” the nurse continued, now smoothing back the sections of Braeden’s hair that hadn’t been shaved off. “You’re a damn hard worker, and you want to do what’s best. So you’ll get through the tough parts juuuuuust fine.”

Braeden didn’t have time to decide if he believed her before he drifted back to sleep.

###

Braeden awoke again the following morning to the natural light in the room and the sound of Andre bustling about.

“There he is!” the nurse grinned as if Braeden had just walked through the door a few minutes late to a casual meeting rather than opening his eyes for just the second time after major brain surgery.

Braeden made a small noise from the back of his throat – another promising sign.

“Ohhh, good to hear those vocal cords working, man,” Andre said, both teasing and ominous. “Because now that you’re awake, we have to get you up, and it’s going to be pretty rough.”

Modern protocol dictated that brain surgery patients get upright and move as soon as possible after surgery. The practice drastically reduced rehabilitation time, but it was exceedingly painful for the patients.

“Up we go,” Andre narrated as his raised the head of the bed. Even that move had Braeden pale, but the young man didn’t make a sound.

Andre looked on in admiration, but he knew what was coming. “Don’t be a hero, man. This is going to suck no matter what, and it’s just you and me here, so you scream as much as you want.”

Still unable to speak, Braeden shifted his gaze sideways to Andre to indicate his skepticism, but as soon as Andre guided his legs over the edge of the bed, every nerve in his body seemed to catch on fire.

“Keep going, man, keep going,” Andre chanted as he supported Braeden onto his feet.

A low, uncontrollable moan escaped Braeden’s mouth. Leaning heavily on Andre, his feet shuffled forward, jerky and uneven. Every movement was agony, and the pain in his head was so intense, he couldn’t think in complete sentences.

“Just a few more feet,” Andre encouraged, tilting his head toward the chair.

Braeden gave a very undignified whine as he lurched the last few feet and sank into the chair with Andre’s help. Sitting up was still miserable, but it was practically nirvana compared to walking.

“Well done, man!” Andre cheered, helping Braeden into a more stable seated position. “That was – oh.”

Andre looked down, and in a series of seconds, Braeden realized several things. First, that he was wearing a protective brief, which he’d known was going to happen. Second, that he was, at this very moment, wetting into that brief. And third, that Andre was looking at the digital indicator attached to his hip, meaning that Andre was fully aware that he was urinating.

“You did great, Braeden,” Andre reiterated, moving on from this latest piece of information. “The first walk is the hardest part. We’re gonna have you sit up for a bit, and then you can go back to bed. And we’ll get you changed.”

Braeden sighed, still sweating. Andre reached up to mop the patient’s brow. This was only the beginning.

*009*2018-10-28 05:44

Thank you thank you! I feel like I'm making a lot of time jumps in this one, but since I only imagine omo scenes, I build the story around those. Thanks for reading!

###

“No, I think the Icelandic module is ready for a soft launch. Contact our school partners in Reykjavik to set up a timeline.”

Braeden’s speech had returned to full capacity long before the rest of his body caught up, and he had resumed semi-regular conference calls with JamTech as soon as Dr. Black had given the OK. With Braeden’s permission, Andre stayed in the room during these calls, doing paperwork. Although the nurse generally had very little clue as to what Braeden and his colleagues were talking about, listening to his speech patterns was a good way to keep tabs on his cognitive recovery.

“Sounds good, boss,” a voice on the other end of the line responded. The sound from headphones was still uncomfortable for Braeden, so he took all his calls on speaker. “And what about the text projection for closed captioning at theaters?”

Braeden pursed his lips, thinking. “I think the projection tech is close, but we need to expand our wearable options a bit more.”

There was a murmur of agreement from the phone, and Andre pictured a room full of sharply-dressed engineers furiously taking notes. Another, more confident voice cut in.

“Thank you all,” the voice said. “I think we have some good tasks to work on, and we’ll check in with Brain later.”

The murmurs grew louder, accompanied by the distant sound of shuffling. Braeden didn’t hang up, though, and after a minute, the voice that ended the meeting spoke again.

“They’re all gone. How are you doing, Bray?”

Although the voice was kind, Braeden didn’t seem to soften. “I’m fine, Dean,” he replied. “Therapy is going well, and I’ll talk with Dr. Black soon about moving into my rental place.”

“That’s great!” Dean exclaimed. “I’m so glad things are going well.”

There was a tiny pause before Dean spoke again. “Things are really well in hand here,” he began, “and I have a bit of a break before AbleCon at the end of next month. Are you sure you don’t want some company?”

Andre kept his eyes on his notes, not wanting to seem intrusive. Now that the voice was identified, he was interested in seeing how Braeden interacted with the man who was, at least according to the press, his closest friend in the world.

“Don’t be ridiculous.” Braeden’s reply was quick and decisive, but his tone wasn’t harsh. “If you’re going to take a break, take an actual break, not some phone excuse to sit at my bedside.”

Andre heard Dean chuckle. He supposed you couldn’t remain friends with Braeden Holt for nearly 10 years without getting used to his blunt nature.

“You had a brain tumor, Bray,” Dean chided.

“I’m aware.”

Dean seemed to ignore this interruption. “I’m sure you’re doing well, and I know you have the best care possible, but it wouldn’t hurt to have a friend there.”

“Unnecessary,” Braeden insisted. “I’ll be home before you know it. There’s no benefit to you coming over here.”

“If you insist,” Dean said, resigned. “Just let me know if you change your mind.”

“Unlikely.” Braeden picked up the phone, ready to end the call. “Message me if anything comes up with Reykjavik.”

“Will do. Take care, Brain.”

Braeden didn’t respond before he hung up the phone, which Andre knew was typical. The inventor had no need to have the last word.

Andre waited a few beats before turning his chair to talk with his patient. Braeden had (naturally) been correct when he’d told his business partner that there would soon be a discussion about moving out of the hospital. However, there were many aspects to that discussion that needed to be addressed first.

One of which was the fact that Braeden had yet to transition out of protective briefs.

In fairness, it had been a week since Braeden had wet himself during the day, and he’d stayed dry for the past two nights. However, his physical and occupational therapy schedules were ramping up, which would put a strain on his recovering body.

“So you’re going to start intensive physical therapy tomorrow,” Andre said casually. “We all agree that you’re ready and it’ll help us all determine a timeline for getting you out of here.”

Braeden just stared, and Andre almost grinned. He should’ve known better than to start with small talk.

“Anyway, since you’re gonna be working so hard, what do you think of keeping the briefs on for another week or so, just in case?”

“I’d rather not.”

On one hand, it was incredibly useful having a brain surgery patient who could clearly articulate his needs and symptoms; on the other hand, it was much easier to convince a patient to follow a treatment plan when they couldn’t respond with polite yet coherent arguments.

“Man, I get it,” Andre replied, “but you’re working so hard already, and your body is tired. Just give it a bit of a break.”

Braeden blinked. He was never especially emotive to begin with, but Andre would swear that he hadn’t seen the patient smile since the surgery.

“It’s a mental exercise, Andre, not a physical one,” Braeden insisted. “I’ll make time to use the restroom quite frequently. I would never be full.”

Andre sighed. This wasn’t the first stubborn patient he’d worked with – far from it – but he’d really been hoping that Braeden’s intellect would help him understand the benefits of protection.

In the face of Andre’s silence, Braeden continued, his voice never shifting from the clinical tone he’d adopted. “Andre, you know as well as I do that mental and emotional consistency is just as important to healing as physical improvement. Continuing to wear protective briefs sends conflicting signals to my body, as lack of bladder control is a distinct sign of ill-health rather than of recovery. If I’m going to work toward complete functioning, I need to act as if I have as much functioning as possible.”

Andre hesitated, which was tantamount to an agreement already.

“I believe Alma will agree with me, based on my progress in therapy,” Braeden added as his final argument. Alma was the urologist who had been working with Braeden on pelvic floor exercises.

Andre raised his eyebrows. “You know I have to check with her.”

“Of course.” Nodding – or any specific movement of his head – was still unpleasant for Braeden, so he employed far more verbal responses than he would otherwise.

Andre shook his head in defeat. He was pretty sure Braeden wouldn’t physically fight if Dr. Black or Dr. Marshall ordered him to keep wearing the briefs, but he also knew that the medical team was unlikely to force Braeden into a move that he explicitly disliked. Braeden was right, of course – keeping the patient’s mental state in check was an essential component of healing, especially after major surgery.

“If Alma backs you up, then I think we can stop as early as tomorrow,” Andre finally acquiesced.

This time, Braeden didn’t respond. He simply picked up his computer from the bedside stand and got back to work.

###

Over the next few days, Braeden stayed true to his word. He was diligent about visiting the bathroom, and he had no accidents, either at night or during the day. His therapy was also going well. Although he would return to his room sweating and sometimes pale, his therapists universally praised his work ethic, and the entire medical team was pleased with his progress.

“Your balance is solid, and your stamina has increased nicely,” Dr. Black narrated in the Monday morning check-in. “You still have a long way to go, of course, but we’re all comfortable with starting to transition you to your home therapy team.”

Andre beamed at the news – he was so proud of the progress Braeden had made – but the young patient’s lips didn’t even twitch.

“Thank you, Dr. Black,” Braeden said, honestly but soberly.

Dr. Black wasn’t as disappointed as Andre at Braeden’s lack of response. He’d done his job as a surgeon, and he was pleased with the results.

Andre, on the other hand, felt his shoulders slump. He recalled Dr. Marshall’s warning weeks ago about mistaking Braeden’s calm for overall mental well-being. Still, it was exhausting being in a hospital for so long. Maybe Braeden would feel better once he finally got to leave.

###

The next day was a big one for Braeden. He was scheduled for an intensive cognitive battery of tests in the morning, and then he would meet and work with his new therapist in the afternoon. If all went well on both accounts, Dr. Black would set a date for Braeden’s release.

The cognitive exam was long and grueling, the intensity bolstered by Braeden’s stratospheric baseline numbers. Braeden was grilled on measures of language, spatial ability, logic, and memory. By the time the neurology resident returned him to his room, Braeden’s eyes were drooping.

“How’d it go?” Andre asked cheerfully.

“Fine,” Braeden breathed, sliding into bed.

The neurologist laughed. “He was brilliant,” she gushed. “I’ve never seen scores like that from anyone, much less from someone less than a month post-op, no matter what kind of tumor they had.”

Andre nodded knowingly, reaching to pull the blanket over Braeden. “No wonder you took so long!”

The neurologist grinned. “I’ll write up my report later today, but to say he passed with flying colors would be a gross understatement.”

“Thanks, doc,” Andre said, since Braeden seemed too tired to speak. The doctor bobbed her head and left.

“It’s almost lunchtime,” Andre informed his patient, “but you look like a nap would be more beneficial right now.”

“Yes,” Braeden agreed softly, his eyes already closed.

Andre pressed the button to lower the bed. “Want me to wake you up to eat before PT later?”

“Mmmm…”

Braeden was practically already asleep. Andre decided just to let the young man rest.

Braeden slept for nearly two hours, barely moving. It was nearly time for his physical therapy appointment, but Andre figured he needed the rest more than he needed to eat. He could always have an energy bar on his way down to the gym.

There was a light knock on the door, a few minutes early. Dr. Marshall stuck her head in, tailed by a young, eager looking therapist.

Andre smiled a greeting and reached over to shake Braeden awake.

Braeden made a small growling noise as he squinted his eyes open.

“Time to work, Braeden,” Andre said gently. He was already raising the bed.

Braeden blinked, his eyes scanning over to the newcomers in the room.

“Braeden, this is Dr. Kerry Sargent,” Bex explained. “She’s dual-certified in physical therapy and occupational therapy, and she’ll be your therapist-in-residence when you leave Marsden.”

“Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Holt!” Kerry chirped, her perky ponytail and cheerful voice belying her years of education and therapeutic skill. She was certainly young – no older than Braeden himself – but she was one of the only dual-certified therapists at the hospital.

“I’m going to do a brief assessment today, for my own baseline, and then we’ll work a bit on navigation-“

“I need to change.”

“-for…what?” Kerry snapped her mouth shut, caught off guard by not only the interruption, but the gravel in Braeden’s just-awoken voice.

“I need to change,” Braeden repeated, shifting in his bed. He didn’t look angry, per se, but his face was definitely stony.

“Oh, no, what you’re wearing is just-“

“Of course.” Kerry was cut off again, this time by Dr. Marshall, who was gently pulling her toward the door. “Just let us know when you’re ready.”

Out in the hallway, Kerry pursed her lips, confused. Before she could formulate a question, Dr. Marshall spoke.

“As you would have read in Mr. Holt’s chart, the placement of his tumor caused problems with continence,” Bex explained, keeping her voice low. “He’s been doing incredibly well lately, and he no longer wears protective pants, but after his long session this morning, it appears that he experienced loss of control during his nap.”

“Oh!” Kerry gasped, her face reddening. “I didn’t mean to…I didn’t…”

“It’s fine,” Bex waved her hand, cutting off the therapist’s stammering. “It’s bound to happen a few times. Just be aware.”

“Yes, yes,” Kerry nodded, making a mental note to keep an eye on Braeden’s toileting habits.

Back in the room, Andre had moved to support Braeden as soon as the women left. He pulled back the blanket to reveal wet patches on the young man’s pants and sheets. It wasn’t a huge mess, but Andre still mentally chastised himself for not ensuring that Braeden used the restroom as soon as he returned from his morning appointment.

Neither nurse nor patient spoke while Braeden peeled off his wet pants and underwear. Andre silently handed him a wet washcloth, and soon enough, the young man was dry and settled into his wheelchair.

“Ready?” Kerry beamed as Andre pushed Braeden into the hallway.

“All set!” Andre answered, knowing Kerry wouldn’t get a word out of Braeden that wasn’t entirely necessary.

Bex accompanied Kerry and Braeden down to the therapy gym, for no reason other than to give Kerry someone to talk to. Downstairs, she bid her goodbyes, without adding “Good luck” to the poor therapist who’d gotten off to such an awkward start.

Bex shouldn’t have worried, though; Kerry was a professional, and she wasn’t about to let a little silence intimidate her, even if it was from one of the most successful people she’d ever been in a room with.

“OK!” she trilled. “We’re going to start with a baseline assessment. I’ll have you try some gross and fine motor movements, as well as some skills relevant to your life, such as typing, use of touch screens, and sketching.”

Without waiting for a verbal response from Braeden, she wheeled him over to the barre. “Let’s start with some walking tasks.”

For the next hour, Kerry put Braeden through a comprehensive series of tests, making note of his ability to walk, stand and sit, and change direction. When she had assessed his gross motor skills, she sat him at a desk to test smaller, more refined movements.

“That was excellent, Mr. Holt,” Kerry noted at the end. “As expected, the foundations of your motor skills are all intact. That means we can spend most of our time working on balance, continuity of movement, and sensory integration.”

Braeden, who hadn’t spoken over the past hour other than to occasionally ask for clarification on some of Kerry’s orders, just hummed in response.

Undeterred, Kerry looked at the clock. She could tell Braeden was tired, but they still had plenty of time in their assigned session. She’d have him do a few more exercises before taking him back to his room.

“For now, we’re going to work on some daily living skills,” she instructed. “We’ll start out pretty basic, so I’m going to have you take your shoes off and put them back on.”

Kerry watched as Braeden scooched his chair back from the desk to give himself more room. His hands were trembling slightly – a sign of the hard work he’d put in to the assessment – but he reached down and removed his shoes one at a time, setting them on the ground. He paused to take a breath, then picked up his right shoe and pulled it toward his foot.

But somehow, in a very quick series of events, Braeden lost his coordination as he tried to slip his foot into the shoe. Instead, as he pushed his foot forward, his toe caught on the tongue of the shoe and jerked forward, slamming his toes into the leg of the desk.

Letting out a strangled, agonized cry, Braeden pitched forward, falling out of his chair and curling in the fetal position on the floor, cradling his head in his arms.

Kerry was on her feet in an instant, crouched down next to her patient. “Mr. Holt? Braeden?”

Braeden was half gasping, half moaning. His eyes were squeezed shut, and it was clear he was in an extraordinary amount of pain.

“Mr. Holt, I’m going to call Dr. Marshall, OK?” Kerry didn’t expect a response, but she wanted Braeden to know what was going on – if he was even capable of hearing at this point.

Kerry pulled out her radio and turned it to the VIP channel. “Dr. Marshall? This is Dr. Sargent, and I have a patient down in the therapy gym.”

The radio crackled in response. “This is Andre. I’m on my way.”

“I’ll meet you there,” Dr. Marshall’s voice added.

Kerry sighed in relief, and turned to ensure Braeden that help was coming. Before she could open her mouth, though, she noticed the pale yellow puddle rippling on the tile floor between Braeden’s curled knees and abdomen.

Kerry cringed. How much more could she screw up on her first day with her new patient?

“Keep breathing,” she instructed, sounding more confident than she felt. “Just breathe, Mr. Holt.”

Desperate for something to do, Kerry looked around the room. She spotted a stack of foam pillows in the corner and ran over to grab some.

“Here,” she said, gently sliding one under Braeden’s head. His breathing had slowed some, but he still kept his top hand clutching the back of his skull.

“What happened?” Andre flew into the room, having sprinted from the top floor.

“He-“ Kerry looked up to see Dr. Marshall hurrying in just behind Andre. “He was putting on his shoe, under my instruction, and his foot slipped and he stubbed his toes on the desk.”

Bex knelt next to Braeden to take his pulse. The young man’s skin was pale and clammy.

“Braeden?” Bex called softly. “Is that what happened?”

Braeden took a few deliberately deep breaths, keeping his eyes shut.

“Yes,” he finally gasped. “But my…head…head hurts.”

Bex nodded, laying Braeden’s wrist carefully back on the ground. “Unfortunately, that’s not uncommon,” she explained. “It’s a bit like how hitting your funny bone makes you feel uncomfortable beyond the pain in your elbow. Because your tumor interfered with your brain’s ability to integrate sensation and movement, sudden, intense pain in your body can be interpreted as pain in your head, particularly around the site of surgery.”

Andre looked down sympathetically. This was the worst Braeden had looked since they’d moved him for the first time after surgery.

“I can bring down some morphine, if you like,” Dr. Marshall offered. “Otherwise, just keep breathing until you’re ready for Andre to move you back to your room. Once there, I do suggest pain medication to help you sleep.”

“I’ll wait,” Braeden whispered. He wasn’t the type to shun medicine out of a misplaced desire to seem tough, but he judged that getting back to his bed first would be more helpful.

“Very well.” Dr. Marshall pushed herself to her feet. “Andre, are you OK here?” Upon Andre’s assent, Bex nodded. “Then Dr. Sargent and I will go discuss her assessments. Ring if you need me.”

And for the second time in an hour and a half, the two women walked out, leaving Andre with a wet, unhappy patient. Nonplussed, Andre strolled to the sink at the end of the room and grabbed a handful of paper towels.

“Just gonna clean up a bit here,” Andre narrated needlessly as he mopped up Braeden’s accident. “We’ll get you changed when we get upstairs.”

A change of clothes was more than necessary. Not only had Braeden wet his pants, but the puddle had soaked into his shirt as he lay on the floor.

After a few more minutes, Andre asked if Braeden was ready to move. Braeden murmured his consent – it’s not like things were getting better on the floor – and Andre all but lifted him into the wheelchair.

Again, there was no conversation in the room while Andre cleaned the young man. He transferred Braeden into the shower chair, knowing that a sponge bath wouldn’t cut it this time. He kept the water pressure on low, and the warm cascade did seem to relax Braeden just a little.

Still, Braeden looked comparatively miserable as Andre tucked him into bed, and the nurse worried more than ever about his patient.

*012*2018-11-08 02:25

{{On 11/4/2018 at 11:04 AM, Lion1423 said:

Hey, not sure if you saw this before and weren't interested, but just in case, here it is: I think it would be amazing if you made Andre desperate and wet, that would make this story super interesting. Then we'd get to see how Braedon handled that!

}}

Sorry to confuse; I should have included both of your comments in my response. I really appreciate you reading, but this isn't that kind of story :)

*013*2018-11-19 07:05

I feel like I'm just continuing this story out of sheer stubbornness at this point I have an ending in mind, and damnit, I'll get there!! Thank you all so much for reading!

###

“It’s fine, Dean.”

Braeden had started using headphones again on phone calls, so Andre could no longer hear Mr. Pinkerton’s response, but whatever it was, the two men were obviously having a difference of opinion.

“Now about that Icelandic rollout…Dean, it’s a straightforward project. It’s not hurting me to run some expansion tests.”

Andre suppressed a grin as he hunched over the nursing schedule for next week. Even though he’d been working with Braeden for several weeks now, he still wasn’t even close to being as comfortable with standing up to the young CEO as his partner seemed to be.

“Dean…” Braeden sighed into the phone. “I’m literally never alone. I have 24-hour support. How could I possibly be lonely?”

Andre could practically hear Braeden’s eyes roll. In all of their conversations, no matter what work topic Braeden wanted to focus on, Dean never stopped asking how Braeden was doing and offering to come to London. And Braeden never stopped refusing.

“No, I don’t.” Braeden’s voice lowered, and Andre knew exactly what Dean had asked this time. “I still don’t have a timeline for my return.”

Braeden made a few more comments, ending the conversation, and Andre frowned, still not looking up from his work.

It wasn’t unrealistic in the slightest; it had been less than a week since Braeden had moved out of the hospital, and barely a month since the surgery. His progress had been remarkable, but a few weeks was not nearly long enough to get back to full strength after brain surgery.

Andre didn’t say anything as Braeden opened up his laptop to get back to work. The deal in the new apartment was that Braeden was not to be left alone. Though all his assigned nurses were discreet and polite, Andre was, by far, the best at being unintrusive. Part of that skill was only initiating conversation with Braeden when he had something important to say. He’d respond to the young man, of course, but he avoided small talk, which Braeden appreciated.

After a few minutes of quiet, punctured only by the sounds of typing, Braeden spoke.

“I’d like to accelerate my therapy.”

Surprised by the sound, if not the content of the request, Andre kept his face neutral. “How so?”

If he had been expecting outright disagreement, Braeden didn’t show it. “I’d like to expand my activities of daily living,” he explained evenly. “I understand that it’s likely unsafe for me to reject supervision entirely, but I believe that working on food preparation and public navigation are logical next steps.”

Andre nodded along, simultaneously impressed and disappointed. He was impressed by the realistic reasoning of Braeden’s desire. Public navigation was, in fact, a logical next step in his rehabilitation – not at all a stretch. On the other hand, Braeden’s conversational style had been entirely formal over the past few weeks. It wasn’t that Braeden’s language was ever particularly casual, but since the surgery, he spoke like a CEO all the time. No matter how friendly or encouraging Andre and the other support staff were, Braeden never responded with anything but detachment.

“We’ll talk to Kerry,” Andre agreed, “but that sounds like a good plan.”

“Thank you.” Braeden turned back to his computer without so much as a smile.

Andre could only shake his head.

###

“That’s a great idea!” Kerry chirped the next morning. “We can definitely get started on more independently living skills, and then we can use your appointment at the hospital on Tuesday as an exercise in public transportation!”

Kerry’s enthusiasm rarely faltered, and by now, she was used to equal and opposite stoicism. Sure, she got great joy out of patients’ happiness upon seeing their own progress, but Braeden was a hard worker and never complained during therapy, so she didn’t take his general lack of affect too hard.

“I have a few exercises planned for you today,” she continued, “but then we can work on stamina – maybe up and down the stairs – if we’re going out on Tuesday!”

Braeden pressed himself carefully out of his chair, not wasting any time on words. Only the work mattered.

###

Over the next few days, even Andre was stunned by the effort Braeden put into his therapy. With his concentration often visible, Braeden devoted all his energy to coordinating his movements while chopping vegetables, sautéing ground beef, and pulling pans out of the oven. Keeping his balance and making sure all of his muscles were working together to complete the fairly mundane tasks.

It was a learning process. Even when Braeden successfully put together ingredients for bread, the blast of hot air when he opened the oven overwhelmed his sense, and he had to lay down on the kitchen floor until his head stopped spinning. He adjusted, though, and carefully stood to the side when it was time to take out the bread to avoid the worst of the heat.

“That was wonderful!” Kerry cheered as she and Andre sat with Braeden at the table, eating warm slices of the bread he had baked. “That was a complex process with lots of coordinated movement, and you did it all! And that took a lot of stamina!”

Braeden didn’t even look up. He just chewed his bread and butter without even so much as a glint of satisfaction in his eyes.

Andre furrowed his eyebrows. It was so hard to categorize the young genius. On one hand, he worked incredibly hard and showed great initiative in his rehabilitation. He also kept up with his company, and such motivation seemed to rule out major depression, which wasn’t uncommon after surgery. On the other hand, Braeden’s staunch refusal to react to absolutely anything was unnerving. He didn’t even respond with sarcasm to Kerry’s relentless enthusiasm. There was just…nothing.

“So you’re going to take the tube back from Marsden tomorrow?” Andre asked, just by way of making conversation. He already knew the answer.

“Yes.”

“We’ll call you if we decide it would be too much,” Kerry said after a pause, expanding on Braeden’s monosyllabic reply. “But I truly don’t anticipate any challenges. We’ll take it slow, but the plan is to walk to South Kensington and then ride to Baker Street.”

Andre knew Braeden had already mapped the exact route to and from the respective subway stations. It would be less than a half mile total, which was certainly a long way for a rehab patient, but it the weather was meant to be quite nice, and Braeden would have his cane with him.

“Sounds exciting!” Andre wasn’t lying, exactly – the first big outside trip was exciting – but his tone was more in support of Kerry than out of any real hope that Braeden would crack a smile.

Braeden managed an “Mmm” in response as he stood to walk his plate over to the dishwasher. He then left the kitchen, presumably to go to the library and work.

Andre was on his feet before Braeden was out the door, ready to follow his patient. He’d give it one more day, he thought to himself. If getting out of the house and successfully navigating the city wasn’t enough to make Braeden feel something, then Andre would have to do something about it…

###

The next morning, after the night shift nurse left, Andre and Kerry prepared for the trip back to the hospital. Andre would drive Kerry and Braeden to Marsden in the morning. The first appointment was at 10, but Dr. Black and Dr. Marshall had ordered several tests, and even with Braeden’s clout and money, there was no telling exactly how long he and Kerry would be at the hospital before they were able to head back to the house.

Kerry would stay with Braeden the whole time, both for supervision and to coach him through movement and navigation. The entire medical team believed that Braeden had made wonderful progress, but it was also agreed that it would be a very long day, and Braeden could use the extra support and reminders because he was likely to get quite tired.

“Have fun!” Andre called from the driver’s seat as Kerry and Braeden stepped out of the car at the hospital entrance. Kerry beamed in response, eager to observe how her patient handled the big day of near-independence ahead of him.

Braeden didn’t look back.

An orderly met Braeden and Kerry in the doorway. The agreement was that Braeden would use a wheelchair when moving between appointment rooms, but would be allowed to transfer himself as much as possible – onto the MRI table, into chairs, etc. – for each task.

Braeden started with an MRI, both structural and functional, first lying still and then carefully moving his hands and feet so the machine could measure his neural response to physical sensations. After the MRI was a strength assessment with Kerry’s team of physical therapists, then a brief cognitive assessment, general bloodwork, and finally, a meeting with Dr. Graham and Dr. Marshall to discuss the respective results of the tests and talk about plans for moving forward.

Kerry kept a close eye on her patient throughout the day, knowing full well that any signs of fatigue or frustration would be subtle and nonverbal. As expected, Braeden remained stoic throughout, silently completing every task asked of him.

By the time they got to Dr. Black’s office, Kerry could tell that the activities of the day were taking their toll on Braeden. He didn’t sit up quite as straight in the wheelchair on the way to the last appointment, and his eyelids drooped slightly. When the neurosurgeons entered the room, however, Braeden pulled his shoulders back and sharpened his gaze.

“Your results are magnificent, Mr. Holt,” Bex began without preface. “You’ve made substantial gains in your strength and stamina, and your MRI shows not only that your brain structure is healing nicely, but that your functional activity is performing exactly how we’d hoped at this stage.”

“Good.”

It was the first time Kerry had heard Braeden give a not-totally-necessary response since his surgery. His voice was still even and emotionless, but Kerry thought she could see a nervous twitch in the corner of his eye.

“We’re all quite pleased with your progress,” Dr. Black added, “and we believe that you’re well on your way to leaving us. However, we do have a few more considerations.”

Kerry glanced over at Braeden. She thought she saw his face crumple for just a moment, but then his features were just as inscrutable as ever.

“With that in mind,” Dr. Black went on, “we’re going to have Kerry continue with her therapeutic plan, focusing on activities of daily living and stamina, and we’ll monitor your functional progress.”

Braeden nodded, but Kerry could see his fingers pressing into his thigh.

“The biggest thing we want to make sure of,” Dr. Marshall jumped in, “is your support system.”

Braeden raised his chin ever so slightly. This was it – the real reason, the perceived barrier to letting Braeden get back home.

“You’ve made excellent progress,” Bex reiterated, “but rehabilitation is not a linear process. Before we give our support to you to return to California, we want to make sure that you will have a team around you to physical and emotional encouragement.”

Braeden’s face, which had been approaching the beginnings of a sneer, settled back into blankness.

“Of course,” he said. “I’ll put together a list of those who will be around me when I’m back home.”

Bex pressed her lips together, swallowing what would have been a pitying smile. Braeden’s response gave her a world of information. The young man desperately wanted to return to the United States, and every day he was forced to go without a plan to return was eating at him.

“That would be a great start,” Bex replied, a touch of assurance in her voice. “For now, it’s been a long day, and it’s probably best if you and Dr. Sargent head back. Dr. Black and I will compile a list of evidence we deem necessary, based on your results today, for us to feel comfortable with you returning to the States.”

Braeden exhaled slowly. “Thank you, Dr. Marshall, Dr. Black. As always, I’m grateful for your expertise.”

Both neurosurgeons smile in response.

“It was good to see you, Braeden,” Dr. Black said warmly. “Make sure you get plenty of rest tonight, and we’ll be in touch soon.”

Kerry knew better than to try to talk about the meeting with Braeden as the orderly wheeled him back to the hospital entrance. She did, however, want to check in on the rest of their plans for the afternoon.

“Braeden, how are you feeling?” she asked. “Do you still want to take the tube back to your flat?”

“Yes.” Braeden didn’t hesitate.

“Excellent!” Kerry wasn’t about to let her enthusiasm falter now. If the surgeons wanted move evidence that Braeden was almost ready to move back home, a brief jaunt through London could certainly help convince them – and Braeden himself.

Kerry did her best to walk the delicate line between carefully watching her charge and not making him feel patronized. Their progress was slow but steady, and Kerry was grateful for the clear weather.

At the first station, Kerry reached her hand out slightly as Braeden stepped onto the escalator. She saw him brace himself between his cane and the moving handrail, but he didn’t falter. He took a deep breath before stepping off the stairs at the bottom, but that transition, too, was made without disaster.

It was mid-afternoon, and the platform was not nearly as crowded as it could have been. Kerry considered asking Braeden if he wanted to take a seat on one of the benches, but the next train was due soon, so she decided against it. She did, however, note him shifting slightly from foot to foot and hoped that there would be plenty of seats on the train.

Kerry’s unspoken wish was granted, and the car that stopped in front of them was mostly empty. Braeden lowered himself into a seat near the door with no prompting from the therapist.

There were faster routes available, but Kerry had decided it would be best not to change lines. Thus, they had boarded the Circle line, which would take them to their stop at Baker Street, albeit in a fairly indirect way. They’d be on the train for over 40 minutes, but at least Braeden could rest.

Well, Kerry had planned for Braeden to rest, anyway. But instead of relaxing, the young man was fidgety, his eyebrows pulled down slightly.

After a few stops worth of this behavior, Kerry couldn’t stay quiet. “You OK, Braeden?”

“Yes.” The reply was quick, but Kerry thought she detected a tiny tremble in Braeden’s voice.

Kerry frowned, mentally running through the possible explanations for Braeden’s demeanor.

“Are you feel motion sick?” she guessed. Perhaps the sway of the train was too much for him, especially sitting sideways.

“No.”

Kerry was torn. Braeden was clearly in some sort of distress, but not to a great extent, and he didn’t seem to appreciate Kerry’s questions. On the contrary, he tensed more when she spoke.

“We…” Kerry did another quick visual scan of Braeden’s body, and, finding no overt signs of grave dysfunction, decided to give up. “We’ll be there soon. Twenty more minutes.”

Braeden slumped a little, but didn’t speak. Kerry could only conclude that he was just exhausted.

Dozens of people got in and out of the car as they traveled, but miraculously, it was never crowded enough that Kerry worried about overstimulation for Braeden. When they finally reached their stop, there was no rush of people pushing against them.

“Nearly there,” Kerry said, feeling compelled to encourage Braeden through the last leg of their journey.

Braeden grimaced slightly, and Kerry slowed her pace. They walked deliberately, staying close to the walls, until they finally rounded the corner to see the long escalators rising in front of them. Braeden paused before stepping onto the moving stairs, but made it without incident.

With Braeden safely on the escalator, Kerry took a second to look around. The escalator walls were formed from giant, metal rectangles that were angled to be parallel to the escalator itself rather than the floor. She’d always been a bit baffled by that particular style choice for the Underground, as it could be a bit disorient-

“No,” Kerry breathed out loud, snapping her head back to Braeden. The young man was sweating and ashen, eyes squeezed shut against the illogical visual feedback. His left hand was gripped tightly around the handle of his cane, the right on the moving railing.

“Braeden…” Kerry urged, trying to keep her nerves in check. “Braeden, can you hear me?”

Instead of staying silent or issuing a curt denial, Braeden let out a small, pained hum.

Kerry scanned the environment. They were a few seconds from the top of the escalator, and there were a dozen people around, traversing to and from the platform.

“Braeden, we’re almost to the top, it’s going to be OK.” Kerry was practically chanting, reassuring herself as much as her patient.

Braeden whined again, quiet but even more miserable. Instinctively, Kerry looked down to see darkness creeping down the CEO’s inseam.

Kerry bit back a moan. She didn’t have time for regret just now; she had to get Braeden safely off the escalator. She grabbed him firmly by the elbow and stepped him forward.

Braeden’s eyes remained shut as he leaned into Kerry, wetness spreading further down his thighs. Barely paying attention to anyone around them, Kerry guided Braeden over to the wall, which he slid down against, a small puddle forming on the concrete beneath him.

“Braeden, it’s OK,” Kerry repeated. “Just breathe. You’re OK.”

Braeden leaned his head back against the wall, breathing deliberately. Kerry took the opportunity to pull out her phone and text Andre.

Meltdown at Baker St. Bring the car when I say.

Andre replied instantly. Shall I bring anything else?

Kerry looked down at Braeden’s sodden trousers.

Just the car. I’ll let you know when we’re ready.

There was no point in having Andre bring a change of clothes. The house was close enough that Braeden could change there.

Ride secured, Kerry turned back to her patient. Braeden’s breathing had slowed, but he still hadn’t opened his eyes.

“Braeden, I’ve texted Andre to let him know to bring the car. You just let me know when you’re ready, and he’ll pull up to the front.”

The house wasn’t far, but even if Braeden recovered enough to walk, there was no way Kerry was about to make him walk the remaining quarter mile in urine-soaked clothes. Yes, the strange configuration of the escalator walls had been too much for Braeden’s still-healing brain to process, but Kerry realized that he’d already had to pee in the first place. Yet again, she cursed herself for not being more careful with Braeden’s toileting.

They sat on the hard floor of the station for a while longer, Kerry graciously fending off the few concerned offers of help from passers-by. Eventually, Braeden opened his eyes. After letting him get his bearings for a minute, Kerry risked speaking.

“Shall I call Andre, then?”

“Yes.” Braeden’s voice was ragged, but firm.

Kerry shot a quick text to Andre, who replied that he was on his way. She then helped Braeden to his feet, and they shuffled to the entrance. Braeden kept his head down, either to keep track of where his feet were going or to avoid any curious or disgusted stares. Kerry supposed either would be an act of self-preservation.

Andre had the car pulled up as close as possible outside and knew better than to say anything as Kerry helped Braeden into the back seat. The ride back to the house was short, silent, and tense.

At the house, Andre took over supporting Braeden as they walked inside. Braeden was no longer sweating, but Andre could feel the young man’s muscles trembling.

Inside, Braeden headed straight for the stairs up to his second, preferred bedroom. Kerry and Andre made simultaneous noises of dissent, and Braeden turned.

“I’m going to go upstairs,” he informed them, his voice quiet but unmistakably decisive. “I am going to shower and change and then look over some emails. I do not require any assistance, but I will call you if that changes.”

“Braeden…” Kerry didn’t know what she wanted to say, but kept speaking anyway. “Braeden, you did so well today,” she insisted. “I’m sorry I didn’t anticipate the angled walls at the station, I-“

“You did nothing wrong,” Braeden interrupted, shocking Kerry into silence. The tech genius blinked, staring down at them from the second step.

“You are doing everything you can to help me heal,” Braeden continued. Kerry stared in awe; she’d never heard him speak this much in person. His words were soft but sincere. He looked more human than Kerry had ever seen him.

Braeden shrugged, as if to brush off the sympathy in Kerry and Andre’s faces. “Perhaps some things that can’t be fixed.”

Kerry’s shoulders slumped as Braeden turned away and headed up the stairs, slowly but deliberately. She turned, helplessly, to look at Andre.

“I’ll go up after him,” Andre promised. He’d keep his distance, but there was no way Braeden should be alone on an entire floor right now.

But first, Andre had to make a phone call.

*016*2018-11-22 06:42

Thank you so, so much for reading! I considered posting this as a separate story ("Meeting the Brain"), but I decided that was unnecessary. Hope you like it!

###

“Mr. Pinkerton, we’re going to prepare for takeoff, so I’m going to need you to put away your laptop for a bit.”

Dean smiled at the flight attendant and slid his laptop into his bag. It had been less than 4 hours since he’d received the phone call from Andre, Braeden’s head nurse.

“Mr. Pinkerton, you know I can’t share any specifics of Mr. Holt’s condition, but I think he would really benefit from a visit.”

Obviously, Dean had been worried, but Andre had reassured him that Braeden wasn’t in danger. Without divulging any details, it didn’t take much for Andre to convince Dean to buy a seat on the next available flight to London.

Dean settled into his business class berth for the ten-and-a-half hour flight. He’d land the following morning and take a car to the address that Andre had provided him. He got some work done and ate the in-flight meal, but even though the plane headed towards darkness, Dean wasn’t ready to fall asleep. He kept thinking about his relationship with Braeden and the first time they met, nearly ten years ago.

###

Winter, 2009

Moving to Boston to attend MIT had been a significant culture shock to 18-year-old Dean. Raised in a small-ish Midwestern town, he’d been the smartest person in his class by miles. In Boston, he considered himself barely average.

In reality, he was still quite intelligent, but any freshman’s hope of recognition that year were quickly dashed by the overwhelming presence of Braeden Holt.

A good portion of the freshman class who paid attention in high school to other high-achieving students around the world already knew who Braeden was before they all set foot on campus. He was a familiar face in national science fairs and quiz bowl tournaments, gaining modest fame in tech circles for his simple and effective adaptive technologies.

Dean, however, was raised unaware of such prestigious competitions for high schoolers. So he had no concept of Braeden Holt until the very first day of his intro mechanical engineering class. And one class was all it took.

Dean was almost instantly enamored with the wildly intelligent young man who managed to be confident without being cocky, who nodded along with the professor, seemingly eager to keep expanding his substantial genius. He knew he was probably being creepy, gazing and grinning at Braeden from a few rows back, but Dean couldn’t help himself. He was utterly thrilled to learn in the following days that he shared two other classes and a dorm with the young star, an arrangement that did nothing to alleviate his budding crush.

Still, despite being 18 and going to the most famous engineering school in the world, Dean had enough social intelligence to know that stalking people was a bad idea. He didn’t arrange his schedule to “run into” Braeden or send him a friend request on Facebook. Instead, Dean focused on classes and learning the flow of college life.

In that way, Dean and Braeden drifted organically into each other’s orbit. They crossed paths in the dorm and attended a few of the same study sessions. Dean’s admiration for his peer only grew – ideas came naturally to Braeden, and he seemed to genuinely love solving problems for the sake of it, not for the recognition it brought him. Dean was no slouch, of course, and could hold his own in group reviews. He tried not to blush when Braeden complemented him on solving a particularly complicated problem.

Over the fall semester, Dean grew steadily more comfortable in Boston. He did, as he’d feared, stand out as a corn-fed hick. On the contrary, he fit in quite well. He was smart enough to keep up with the demanding classes and friendly enough to garner the respect of his peers.

By winter break, Dean hadn’t quite gotten rid of his infatuation with Braeden, but he figured he had it under control. After spending a few days back home over Christmas, Dean willingly and excitedly returned to campus for his winter session elective courses. To his surprise and minor concern, Braeden wasn’t there.

Dean tried not to be obvious as he asked around, but no one seemed to know (or particularly care) why the top freshman wasn’t taking any winter electives. It wasn’t unusual for first-year students to choose to spend the entire winter break away from campus, so everyone but Dean seemed to assume that Braeden was just taking a well-deserved hiatus from coursework.

January merged icily into February, and the remaining students descended on campus in one packed weekend. A few boys who lived a floor above Dean arranged a “welcome back” party the Saturday before classes started, and Dean, who wasn’t much of a drinker but who decided he deserved a celebratory night after a challenging winter-mester, was game.

Dorm parties all share inherent similarities, no matter the university: dark rooms, loud music, plastic cups full of alcohol of dubious vintage. Dean, having never actually attended any of the parties in the fall, didn’t know this and was mildly fascinated with how the entire aura of the dorm seemed to change just by packing a couple hundred people into a handful of darkened rooms.

The mood was loose and giddy, an alcohol-fueled version of back-to-school excitement – seeing old friends, sharing in simultaneous optimism and dread for the upcoming semester. Dean slowly wound his way through the crowds, obligatory cup of beer in one hand.

After a half hour or so of small talk and “good to see you!” repetitions, Dean finally spotted Braeden in the back corner of a large quad room. Unsurprisingly, the teen was surrounded by people, friends and cronies alike, all eager to get close to the man who would almost certainly be the most powerful of all of them.

Dean hung back, watching closely. The room was dark and crowded, but to Dean’s watchful eyes, Braeden seemed…diminished. Yes, he was smiling and responding, but his eyes didn’t quite share in the projected joy of his lips, and his laughs were brief and unmusical.

Dean swung his head back and forth like a horse shaking off flies. Don’t be like that, man, he chided himself. He and Braeden were acquaintances at best. He wasn’t some hero in a romantic comedy, the only one who could see the “real Braeden.”

Still…

He had nothing better to do, and confirmation bias is a powerful thing. Carefully, Dean followed Braeden around the party, keeping his distance, chatting with other friends and classmates, periodically looking around to keep the future millionaire in his sights.

As the night wore on, Dean noticed one thing for sure – Braeden was getting drunk. Regardless of his emotions, real or only perceived by Dean, it was clear that Braeden was well above the legal limit for intoxication. He seemed unable to stand still, swaying slightly, and his reactions were more extreme – louder, sharper laughs; deeper, angrier scowls.

Sometime after midnight, Braeden, seemingly without preamble, Braeden stumbled out of the current room and into the hallway. Dean hesitated for a second, then shouldered his way through the still-dense crowd after him. In the hallway, he looked from side to side, spotting Braeden shoving open the door to the stairs.

Dean jogged slightly, abandoning his sworn pretense of not blatantly stalking Braeden. If nothing else, he didn’t trust the inebriated student to navigate stairs. Somehow, though, Braeden managed to disappear from the stairwell by the time Dean shoved the door open, running onto the landing. Dean paused for a second, then heard the stairway door shut one floor below.

Dean bound down the stairs, resisting the impulse to leap over the railing (he’s just drunk, this isn’t life or death). He shoved through the door to see Braeden careening off the hallway walls.

By the time Dean caught up, Braeden was leaning against someone’s door, eyebrows knit together.

“Um…Braeden?” Dean reached out, not quite touching his classmate’s shoulder.

Slowly, Braeden turned his head. He stared blearily at Dean, as if trying to discern the figure in one of those colorful hidden 3D images, but not succeeding.

“Do…” Dean didn’t have a ton of experience with drunk people, but even he could tell that Braeden was pretty far gone and probably shouldn’t be left alone at this point. He drew in a breath and squared his shoulders.

“Come on, Braeden. Come sit down.”

Braeden kept staring quizzically at the taller young man next to him as Dean put a gentle hand on his back and guided him down the hall.

“In here,” Dean narrated, opening the door to his own dorm room. He meant to guide Braeden to his open desk chair, but Braeden careened to the side, flopping awkwardly on Dean’s bed.

Dean hovered over the slumped form in front of him, unsure of what to do next. Braeden’s eyes were closed, and for an uncomfortable moment, Dean wondered if the boy had passed out. Before Dean could finish formulating a thought, though, Braeden moaned, shifted, and opened his eyes.

The room was quiet for a few seconds at the two gazed at each other – Dean worriedly and Braeden almost appraisingly.

After a moment, Braeden broke the gaze and stared around the room.

“Where am I?” he asked, his voice not nearly as slurred as Dean expected.

“Oh! You’re…this is my…my room was just close, and I thought…I’m Dean, Dean Pinkerton, we had a few classes together last semester,” Dean stammered. He felt his cheeks warm and hoped Braeden couldn’t see anything in the dark room.

“I know who you are,” Braeden grunted, levering himself to a slightly more upright position against the headboard, and Dean blushed harder.

“I just…” Dean bit his lip, unsure of how to proceed in the situation. He reached to turn on his desk lamp to provide some light without overwhelming Braeden with the full ceiling fluorescents. “You looked like you needed to sit down.”

“Because I’m drunk.”

Drunk he certainly was, but Braeden’s gaze was piercing.

“Well…yeah,” Dean shrugged, still unsure. “I can help you get back to your room, though, if you…”

Braeden stared as Dean trailed off and the room was quiet again.

“I don’t want to move,” Braeden said after a minute. The corners of his mouth turned down slightly, and he looked almost ashamed.

The tiny change in facial expression seemed to shift the tectonic plates of the whole situation. For months, Dean had only ever seen Braeden in academic settings, in situations where Braeden was comfortable an in control. He’d never seen Braeden hesitate or seem uncertain, but now…

“No worries, man,” Dean said easily. As intimidating as he found Braeden’s intellect (and as attractive as he found his face!), Dean was actually quite skilled at managing others’ emotions. He had a knack for validating and comforting, so even though it made his stomach lurch to see Braeden looking discomfited, at least now Dean had a plan of action.

“My roommate won’t be back until tomorrow, so you can hang out as long as you want,” Dean continued, waving vaguely around the room.

Braeden seemed to melt at that offer, slumping further into Dean’s bed. He blinked several times before mumbling “Thank you.”

Dean stepped backward, lowering into his desk chair. Braeden shifted on the bed again, pressing his legs together. The uncertain look had vanished from his face, and now, the teen just looked blank.

“Do you…you want any water or anything?” Dean offered. “Anything to drink?”

Braeden started to shake his head, then winced. “No.”

Dean closed his mouth. He was pretty sure Braeden would benefit from some water, but he wasn’t going to force it on him. The teen definitely needed something, though. He was rocking and twisting slightly, as if he couldn’t get comfortable, though his face remained expressionless.

After a minute, Dean tried again. “Well, can I get you anything else? Another pillow, maybe? You look uncomfortable.”

Braeden stopped squirming and stared at Dean. His face was still blank, but his gaze was intense, and Dean suppressed a shudder. Braeden seemed to be x-raying him, weighing and measuring Dean’s very soul to-

“My parents are dead.”

Dean recoiled. Braeden’s statement was so detached, so utterly matter-of-fact that it could only be true.

“My mom and dad were killed in a car crash on Christmas Eve,” Braeden continued, his voice flat, as if he was reading from a particularly uninteresting textbook. “I couldn’t come back for winter session because I had to sort out their wills and talk to a judge and a social worker, even though I’m 18 and certainly don’t qualify for a legal guardian, anyway, but now I came back because what else am I going to do, just give up on an MIT education because I’m an orphan? That seems wasteful.”

Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding. Braeden’s expression hadn’t changed at all during his brief monologue. It was as if he’d decided that emotions themselves were wasteful, too.

Braeden blinked, his almost-challenging gaze mitigated by his renewed squirming.

“I’m sorry,” Dean breathed. “Braeden, I’m so sorry.”

Braeden simply stared. His eyes lost focus, and Dean couldn’t tell if he was sad or if the last of the alcohol was catching up to him. Or both.

“I’m sure they’d let you take a semester off,” Dean said softly. He wanted to help, but there were no obvious fixes for the current – very strange – situation. “You’re practically famous here. I’m sure they’d let you do whatever you need.”

Braeden tilted his head to the side. “And what would that do? My parents will still be dead next semester.”

Dean’s stomach sank. Braeden sounded so resigned, so very sure that he would never feel any different than he did at that moment.

“Yeah, but…” Dean bit his lip. “You’d have time to deal with things. You know, without worrying about classes and stuff.”

Braeden pressed his hand against the wall, pushing himself upright. “I don’t worry about classes,” he said, mildly emphasizing the word ‘don’t.’ “Taking a semester off won’t accomplish anything productive.”

“Yeah, but…” Dean repeated futilely, “…you could…”

With a low grunt, Braeden hoisted himself off the bed, apparently ready to end the conversation. He moved toward the door, looking markedly off-balance.

On his feet in an instant, Dean reached for his classmate. “Braeden, don’t-“

But before Dean could reach him, Braeden lurched sideways, thumping into the opposite wall and sliding gracelessly to the floor. He flopped over, propping his back against the wall, legs spread in front of him.

“Braeden, are you-“

Dean didn’t bother finishing the question, because Braeden was very clearly not OK.

An unmistakable trickling sound filled the room as Braeden started to have an accident. A puddle of urine grew between his parted legs, creeping across the tile floor.

Braeden stared down at the growing pool as he wet himself, as if he was watching a movie of someone else peeing through their pants. The fabric at his crotch quickly saturated, and a single stream flowed straight through the material.

Dean pressed his lips together to keep from sighing in pity. Braeden didn’t even move; he did nothing to try to stop his bladder from voiding all over the floor.

Braeden wet until the puddle spread halfway down his calves, soaking all the way through the back of the legs of his pants. The pool of urine rippled in the lamplight with the last of the liquid from Braeden’s bladder as he finally finished going.

Dean stood frozen, hand still outreached. He watched for a few seconds as Braeden breathed, still staring down at the result of his accident.

Tentatively, Dean stepped toward the wall. “Braeden…”

Braeden drew in a shaky breath. His hands clenched into fists by his sides.

Dean crouched down next to his classmate. “Braeden? Can you-“

“I’m sorry.” Braeden’s voice was almost a whisper, but his words were earnest. “I’m sorry, Dean.”

Dean lowered a knee to steady himself. “It’s fine, Bray. Don’t worry.”

“I…” Braeden’s voice shook, and he clenched his fists tighter. “I can’t stand.” He hung his head. “Not yet. I’m too drunk.”

Instinctively, Dean reached out and tucked a lock of hair behind Braeden’s ear. “It’s fine,” he murmured. “You can stay here as long as you need.”

Braeden sniffled, and that was the last straw for Dean. He pressed himself to his feet and grabbed a pillow from his bed. Sliding down the wall next to Braeden, Dean set the pillow on his lap, then gently guided Braeden’s head down.

Braeden hummed slightly, his last bit of resistance, then sank into the pillow, allowing his eyes to close.

Dean stroked Braeden’s hair, listening as the boy’s breathing evened out. He’d have time to clean up later. For now, all that mattered was being able to provide a tiny bit of comfort to his friend.

###

Present Day

Dean rolled his head back and forth in the back seat of the hired car, trying to shake off both the flight and the memories.

That night had certainly been the start of his and Braeden’s friendship. They’d never dated, but since that day, Dean had been Braeden’s most trusted companion. After his parent’s death, Braeden had lost any gregariousness in his nature. He was still kind, but closed-off and stubborn. Dean was the only one who was allowed to see any break in Braeden’s façade, be it from frustration, grief, or fear.

Of course, though Dean, it was unlikely this nurse – Andre – knew that was the role Dean played in Braeden’s life. It was more likely that the caretaker saw that Braeden was struggling somehow and figured that an old friend might be better able to help than a hired worker than Braeden had only known for a few weeks.

The car pulled up to the address Andre had provided, and Dean felt his heart beating in his throat. Andre had assured him over the phone that Braeden wasn’t hurt, but Dean couldn’t help but worry.

A tall, competent-looking man opened the door before Dean could knock.

“I’m Andre,” he introduced himself. “Thank you so much for coming, Mr. Pinkerton.”

“Of course,” Dean replied, pulling his suitcase in behind him so Andre could shut the door. “Please call me Dean. Where’s Braeden?”

“He’s still sleeping.” Andre took a few more steps into the foyer and gestured upstairs, keeping his voice low.

Dean nodded, unbuttoning his coat. “What can you tell me?”

“Not much,” Andre admitted. “But he did have a pretty rough day yesterday. He hasn’t seemed content since the surgery, even though he’s made incredible process.”

Dean almost smiled. That sounded like Braeden.

“I don’t know how to help him,” Andre continued. “We all want to make sure he’s managing emotionally, and he’s been doing o-kay, I guess, but not great, and then some things happened yesterday that seemed to be really hard on him, and he’s been in his room, asleep, since early last night.”

It was now nearly 11 AM. It wasn’t the first time that Braeden would have slept for over 15 hours, but when he did, it meant that he’d burned himself out and someone – Dean – had to step in.

“I’m glad you called me,” Dean said honestly. “I think I’ll be able to-“

He was cut off by a loud thump from the upper floor. Dean and Andre shared a quick, stunned look before dashing side by side to the stairs, taking them two at a time.

*019*2018-12-02 05:31

{{On 11/22/2018 at 9:37 AM, Lion1423 said:

Wow... this story just keeps getting better. You're doing amazing and can't wait for the next part! I gotta admit, I didn't think I was going to be this interested in it.

}}

Aw, thank you! I'm glad you're enjoying it

{{On 11/22/2018 at 11:06 AM, Melificentfan said:

Damn I loved that chapter I hope Braiden is alright though

}}

Oh, I can never be too mean to my characters. We write what we need, and I need happy endings

{{On 11/23/2018 at 7:17 AM, Pilly Christal said:

Awww, I just loved this so much! It's good to see that there is someone who really loves him.

You know I read this story because of your amazing characters, and not only because I like omo. This story has a beautiful soul.

}}

Thank you so much! I think you'll like this last chapter, then. Less omo, more bonding!

### Final Chapter! ###

At the top of the stairs, Andre turned left, and Dean followed close on his heels. Without knocking, Andre burst through the first door. Dean sprinted across the threshold and was greeted with a remarkably familiar sight.

The room itself was large, with the same high ceilings as the rooms on the first floor. A large but simply-appointed bed sat against the back wall, with a tangle of sheets and blankets.

And on the floor, next to the bad, sat Braeden Holt, legs spread, pants wet, and a still-spreading puddle of urine between his thighs.

“Mr. Holt?” Andre jogged across the room. “Are you-“

“Dean…”

Dean’s heart rate slowed slightly at the sound of his best friend’s soft, shocked voice. “Hey, man.”

“Mr. Holt,” Andre repeated, crouching down. “Are-“

“What are you doing here?” Braeden’s voice was practically a whisper. He was breathing harder than Dean was. “You have AbleCon and the closed captioning-“

Dean placed his hand on Andre’s shoulder. “I can take it from here. I’ll call if I need you.”

Andre looked once from his patient to Dean, assessing the situation. Braeden was still staring in awe at the unexpected sight of his best friend; he hadn’t even acknowledged Andre’s presence. Obviously, Andre wasn’t going to be able to help much, so he concluded that it would be okay to leave Braeden in Dean’s care, at least for a bit.

Assuring the pair that he’d be right downstairs, Andre left the room, quietly shutting the door behind him.

Dean took another step forward. Braeden didn’t look like he was hurt, exactly, and Dean knew better than to force help or physical interaction on him while he was so confused.

“You…the conference is in a few weeks…” Braeden insisted, his voice growing stronger.

“I’m well prepared.”

“The Iceland project…”

“Is going perfectly, and Clara is more than competent to manage things while I’m away.”

Braeden glowered, his confusion morphing into frustration. “You can’t just leave-“

“I can and I did.” Dean’s face remained neutral, but his voice was firm. “We run a spectacular company, and our project managers are brilliant. We’re well into the Icelandic rollout, the design team is working on wearables for the text projection, and I’ve had my presentation for the conference finished for over a week. And-“ he continued, talking over an attempted interruption “-the Egyptian group moved their visit to next month, so there are no collaboration meetings next week.”

Braeden’s jaw jutted out slightly, and Dean could see his chest rise and fall with irritated breaths. He’d anticipated this reaction, and, if he was being honest with himself, he’d admit that he was impressed with how devoted Braeden was to his company. His reactions weren’t “How did you get here?” or “Who told you to come?” but “What about our work?”

Dean let the silent staring contest go on for another minute or so. He watched Braeden’s breathing even out and his face slowly soften. He watched as Braeden came to the obvious realization that Dean knew he’d peed himself and he was still sitting in his own mess.

Finally, when he deemed Braeden sufficiently non-combative, Dean opened his mouth.

“Are you hurt?”

The soft, earnest, and familiar voice of his best friend seemed to melt Braeden. He fought it, as Dean knew he would, but seeing the first truly familiar face in months was too much. Braeden lowered his eyes and his head, his response barely audible.

“…no.”

Dean took the final step forward so he was standing within arms’ reach of his friend. “Can you stand?”

Rocking slightly, Braeden tested his movement. “Yes,” he whispered.

Had anyone been in the room to see this brief conversation, they would not have understood the significance, but in two questions, Dean had learned everything he needed to know about the situation and how to support his best friend. Likewise, Braeden had directed the interaction to communicate exactly what he needed from Dean.

Their relationship was a well-honed system.

“You go shower,” Dean ordered, adopting a more authoritative tone. “I’ll clean up out here and be here when you’re done.”

Braeden pushed himself to his feet. He wobbled a bit, but Dean didn’t reach out to steady him. The unspoken agreement they had reached was that Dean would call the plays but only give extra help if Braeden specifically asked for it.

After steadying himself against the bed for a moment, Braeden walked slowly to his wardrobe and pulled out dry clothes. He didn’t look at Dean as he shuffled into the bathroom and closed the door behind him.

Dean stood guard, listening for the sound of the shower before he moved to clean up Braeden’s accident. A quick search of the hallway yielded the linen closet, and Dean grabbed a few towels to soak up the puddle.

There was a damp patch on the sheets, as well, and Dean deduced that Braeden had woke up, realized he was wetting on himself, and tried to scramble out of bed, either getting tangled in the sheets or just losing his still-recovering coordination in the process, thus ending up on the ground.

Dean sighed as he carried the soiled towels and sheets down to Andre to take to the laundry. He should have come sooner. Yes, he always erred on the side of trusting Braeden, of doing what he asked rather than imposing his own will on him, but really. He should have known better than to trust the insistence of a post-op brain tumor patient. Even if said patient was objectively one of the smartest men in the world.

Upstairs, Dean fitted a new mattress protector and set of sheets onto the bed. The shower stopped running, but Dean didn’t expect to see Braeden right away. Instead, he settled himself on the bed and pulled out his phone, briefly researching “cerebellum” and “bladder control.”

While Dean was reading, Andre brought up a tray of fruit, cheese, and pastries, along with a carafe of water and glasses. Since Braeden had slept so long, Dean promised to make sure his friend ate, then went back to his reading.

Months ago, Dean had noticed Braeden’s symptoms possibly before Braeden himself did. The two had spent so much time together as friends and business partners (though, admittedly, they did both tend to spend far too much time at work) that Dean knew Braeden better than anyone else in the world. The jerky movements and uncharacteristic clumsiness had been jarring to both of them, and it hadn’t taken much to convince Braeden to see a doctor.

The diagnostic and treatment processes had moved quickly. Dean had known Braeden was scared, despite his stoicism, but Braeden had been quite insistent that Dean stay in California.

“Please, Dean,” Braeden had begged. “I’ll be in the best hands possible, but I won’t be able to focus on recovery if I’m worried about the company. And you know I won’t worry if you’re here.”

Dean shook his head at the memory. Braeden had been sincere, staring at Dean with wide, imploring eyes. So Dean had stayed, keeping in contact with his friend digitally, trying to learn as much about Braeden’s prognosis as he shared about the company’s progress. Even though Braeden eschewed video chat – he’d explained to Dean before he left that he didn’t want to team seeing him with gauze and stitches after surgery – Dean could hear the frustration in his voice over the past few weeks as doctors refused to sign off on his return to the US.

Raising his head at the sound of the bathroom door, Dean saw Braeden emerge, hair damp and mussed, holding his wet pajamas crumpled in one hand.

Dean didn’t speak – not yet – but he did watch carefully, taking in his friend’s movements.

Braeden had never been what one would call athletic or graceful, but he’d been confident and purposeful in his stride. Now, he moved more slowly, more deliberately. Physically, he looked far more stable than he did before the surgery, but he looked more cautious now. Diminished.

And Dean knew that wasn’t just physical.

For a second, Dean worried that Braeden would try to take his soiled clothes all the way downstairs, a task that Dean wasn’t sure Braeden was up to, especially since he hadn’t eaten in over 14 hours. Fortunately, Braeden simply deposited the bundle in the hamper. Dean let out a quiet sigh of relief.

Still silent, Braeden made his way over to the other side of the bed and settled himself next to Dean. They weren’t touching – there were still a couple of feet between them on the king mattress – but Dean set his phone down, ready to listen.

“Did you reschedule the translator for the Egyptian group?”

Dean nodded, completely nonplussed by the fact that Braeden, yet again, started with shop talk. “Ebony in mechanics speaks fluent Egyptian Arabic, and Moishe in accounting has agreed to step in. Dr. Haddad assures me that most of his team speak English, but we want to make sure everyone can understand everyone else.”

“Mmmm.”

There were another few moments of quiet. This was how they worked; Dean hadn’t earned Braeden’s unequivocal trust by being demanding or asking intrusive questions. He just made himself available, waiting until Braeden was ready to speak.

“The tumor…” Braeden began softly. “It grew into the ven-“

“Ventromedial cerebellum,” Dean finished, speaking in tandem. He also hadn’t earned Braeden’s trust by playing dumb. Both men were always up front with their knowledge of each other. “I looked it up while you were in the shower.”

“I…” Braeden’s breath hitched. He worried the hem of his shirt and bit the inside of his lower lip. He took a deep breath and started again.

“There were no symptoms the first few weeks,” he explained, voice steady now. “It was the week before the probable surgery. Dr. Black was just finalizing the surgical plan. He was going to do one more MRI. Everything was progressing smoothly.”

Dean listened intently. He’d already surmised the gist of what Braeden hadn’t been telling him over the past few weeks – that Braeden’s tumor had grown to impinge on an area of the brain that impacted bladder control, leading to issues with continence – but the medical facts wouldn’t help him be a good friend. He needed to hear Braeden’s story.

“And then…” Braeden shifted slightly, sitting up straighter against the headboard. His voice had taken on a clinical quality, a typical defense mechanism. He needed to get through this explanation, and he wouldn’t be able to do that if he allowed himself to re-feel the fear and humiliation of the last couple of months.

“I had an accident one morning with Andre,” Braeden narrated, still not making eye contact. “It was completely unexpected. I didn’t even feel like I needed to go.”

Dean held back a gasp. He was used to reading between the lines of Braeden’s explanations, but being surrounded by veritable strangers for so long must’ve made Braeden starving for understanding. He was giving far more detail than Dean was used to.

Braeden continued. “Based on the unexpected nature of the accident, Dr. Black moved up the MRI, and that’s when they discovered the protrusion into the ventromedial cerebellum. They decided to schedule surgery almost right away to minimize potential long term impact.”

Braeden paused, and Dean looked over at his friend. Braeden’s head was down, and his was still winding the hem of his shirt in his fingers. He was unsure, nervous, and-

“There’s really no research on ventromedial cerebellar tumors,” Braeden said softly, and Dean’s suspicions were confirmed. “ MRI studies have implicated the area in people with overactive bladders, but no one really knows why or how it works. So they really couldn’t tell me what to expect.”

That was it. The uncertainty. Braeden was a scientist. He saw a problem, he developed a solution. That’s how his mind worked. When he didn’t have all the necessary variables, he became uneasy. And when those unexplained variables meant that he was at risk for wetting himself without warning…

“I’ve been doing continence therapy and exercises with a urologist,” Braeden went on, “but I just…I never know what else is going to cause it.”

Dean felt his eyes fill with tears. He heard the tremor sneak into his friend’s voice, and it broke his heart.

“Pain? I piss myself,” Braeden’s voice was bitter and his eyes were dark. “Fatigue? I piss myself. A marginally unfamiliar subway station? I fucking piss myself!”

Without hesitating, Dean reached out and stroked Braeden’s hair, tucking it behind his ear. Braeden leaned unconsciously into the touch.

“I went to the hospital yesterday for a follow-up appointment,” Braeden explained, sniffling. “And Kerry – my therapist – and I took the subway on the way back to work on my stamina. I knew I had to pee, but it wasn’t bad or anything, but then the walls around the escalator were angled weird and it threw off my equilibrium.”

Swiping the back of his hand under his eyes, Braeden went on. “I thought I was doing better,” he murmured. “And then I try to go out in public, and I have an accident in front of everyone in the station. And I had no idea it was coming.”

He finally looked up at Dean, his eyes filled with tears. “And I have no idea how to make it stop.”

“Bray…” Dean reached out and slid over, wrapping his arm around Braeden’s shoulder.

Braeden crumpled, curling into his friend’s side. Dean stretched his other arm across his body, enveloping Braeden completely. He felt the smaller man trembling, felt tears drip onto his arm.

Braeden never made noise when he cried. Not that he cried very often to begin with. The volume of tears and the near-violent shaking told Dean that Braeden had needed this embrace for far too long.

But the time for self-excoriation was later. Now, he just had to be there for his best friend.

Dean held Braeden for nearly a half hour. Braeden cried for a full fifteen minutes, exhausting himself with the emotional release. When Dean was sure he was done crying, he hand-fed Braeden some toast, keeping his promise to Andre to get some food into the tired patient.

After he’d finally gotten to cry (and eat), Braeden’s breathing finally evened out. Dean kept his arms around him, and Braeden made no effort to move from the comforting embrace.

“Dean?” he finally broke the silence, soft and scared. “What if it never stops?”

“Oh, Bray.” Dean squeezed a little tighter, knowing that he didn’t have an answer that Braeden would like.

“What if I can never figure it out?” Braeden asked, his voice still very small. “What if there’s always something else out there that could confuse my brain and make me have an accident?”

Dean took a deep breath. “You know that’s a possibility, Bray,” he said gently. “It’s not likely, but I can’t honestly tell you it won’t happen. But…” Propping Braeden up into a sitting position, Dean gazed sincerely into his friend’s red-rimmed and tear-glazed eyes. “…you are a genius, Braeden Holt.”

Braeden looked down, turning away slightly, but Dean cupped his chin. “There is nothing you can’t create. If you need ultra-thin, super-subtle briefs to make yourself feel safe, then you can invent them.”

“But-“

“I can fabricate – or solicit, I suppose – a request from a care product company,” Dean interrupted, anticipating Braeden’s argument. “No one would know it was for you.”

Braeden’s shoulders slumped. “That would take months,” he said, defeated. “What do I do until then?”

“Same thing you always do, Brain,” Dean paraphrased. “You let me help.”

Raising his eyes, Braeden stared into the honest, familiar face of his closest friend. All the medical expertise in the world couldn’t provide what Braeden realized he really needed.

“You promise?”

Dean felt a surge of affection at the earnest, innocent question. He smiled softly.

“Always.”

###

Dean stayed in London for another two weeks, providing much needed emotional comfort for Braeden. Within three days, he’d secured an innovation request from an incontinence product company to create thinner, less obvious absorbent underwear. Braeden drew up some specs and sent them to a newly-appointed R&D team back at JamTech, who started development.

It was another month before Braeden got the OK to return to California, with the promise that he would live with Dean for at least the remainder of the year. Dean’s house was big enough that neither of the men minded the stipulation, and both honestly felt better at the idea of Braeden not living alone.

With some convincing from Dean, Braeden agreed to work remotely for the first few weeks after he returned, then ease back into the office. Dean’s home, like Braeden’s, was very close to the company campus, so Braeden didn’t feel too isolated. Many days, Dean would join him, at least for a few hours, to work on projects and liaise with the teams over the phone.

When Braeden did return to the office, his shy smile didn’t come close to conveying the overwhelming gratitude he felt for enthusiastic welcome party the company threw. When Dean told him later that the employees had planned it all themselves, that Dean had nothing to do with it, Braeden nearly cried.

As predicted, the speed of the new absorbent underwear project didn’t quite meet Braeden’s every need. The flight back from London to LA – that Dean joined him for – was rough on Braeden’s senses. He wet himself twice, once in his sleep and once during the landing. Even in business class, their flight attendants and fellow passengers were none the wiser. Dean hadn’t even had to suggest that Braeden wear briefs for the flight; Braeden was nervous enough about being surrounded by strangers for 10 hours that he did it himself.

Back in California, Braeden wore the briefs at night while he got over jet lag, but was insistent on not wearing protection during the day. He was staying at home, he insisted, so he was more than capable of managing his own bathroom schedule. Consequently, when he had an accident during an excessively long conference call with the Egyptian engineers back in Alexandria, he stormed for an entire day. Even Dean kept his distance.

Still, despite the occasional setback, Braeden continued his remarkable progress. He was less frustrated under Dean’s knowing ministrations. He kept in casual touch with Andre, who would pass along the greetings of Kerry and the rest of the nursing and therapy teams. Dr. Black and Dr. Marshall would share their pride at his progress during their periodic check-ins and videoconference meetings with Braeden’s LA neurologist.

And finally, when one year had passed since the surgery, Braeden sat down with Dean over a quiet steak dinner.

“Dr. Black said you’d never know I had a tumor,” Braeden said, a bit sardonically. He took a sip of wine. “He said all of my numbers indicate ‘ideal’ functioning for a man my age.” He made air quotes around the word “ideal,” and Dean snorted.

They both knew that Braeden wasn’t the same person he was before the tumor. He hadn’t experienced a total personality shift, of course, but a brush with mortality, however, distant, changes people. Braeden was more accepting of support and, relatedly, more enthusiastic in his support of others. He’d always been a kind boss, but now, he celebrated his employees’ successes more openly, sharing stories of people that had been helped by their technology around the world.

“I’ve always thought you were the ideal man,” Dean teased, winking exaggeratedly.

Braeden threw a napkin at Dean, but grinned.

Dean batted the napkin away and look across the table fondly. “You’ve done great, Bray,” he said. “I know it’s been hard, but I’m so proud of you.”

Braeden smiled, a sight Dean never grew tired of. “You know I couldn’t have done it without you. I mean,” he smirked, “I could have done most of it without you…”

Understandably, Dean threw the napkin back at its owner.

“…but no matter what I accomplished physically,” Braeden continued, “I wouldn’t have survived the way I did without you.”

Dean tilted his head to the side, letting the honest compliment sink in. He raised his glass. “Well, here’s to us, then surviving one hell of a year.”

Braeden mirrored Dean, clinking his own glass against Dean’s.

“To us.”

*023*2018-12-06 03:41

{{On 12/2/2018 at 2:35 AM, littlebird said:

What a wonderful ending! thank you for putting so much heart into every one of your stories, it truly brings the characters to life. can’t wait to see what you come up with next!

}}

Thank you so much!! I can't devote nearly as much time to writing as I'd like, but I'm so glad that some of my ideas translate to the page

{{On 12/2/2018 at 3:46 AM, Melificentfan said:

What a wonderful ending to a excellent story

}}

Thanks, Melificent! I'm so glad you liked it!

{{6 hours ago, Pilly Christal said:

I loved this story

I know that I always say this, but this was the best one I have ever read from you. I'm happy to see them like this, because they both deserve happy ending :')

I wanted to write a better review at the end, because you deserve that... but the overwhelming love and happiness is dominant in my heart right now. Thank you for writing this amazing story and these fantastic characters!

}}

You're so sweet!! I'm so grateful for your comments - I know I can't expect everyone to like the same kind of scenarios that I do, but it just makes me so happy when other people enjoy my stories!

