The Terrified Bladders of the Syndicate Enforcement Agency

Author: Spurgle

*000*2022-06-18 15:02

Fair warning there is a brief mention of messing within the story.

It was a proud day for Emily. It was such a momentous day that all her family and friends had travelled the full length of the land to see her big moment. Emily, the youngest to ever be drafted into the elite Ladies Syndicate Enforcement Agency, looked resplendent on the big stage. Her long turquoise dress made of the finest silk, hugged her lithe body and enhanced her ample breasts. Her smile was broad and seemed endless. She was basking in her big moment and all in the audience were proud of the young woman. Emily had worked incredibly hard to get to this moment. All the training, extra studying and time in the gym was now worth it. She collected her new badge and award with grace and style and then seated herself on a chair at the back of the stage with all of the other inductees.

Okay, okay. It’s over now. Just sit here and relax. It’s fine. You have your award and badge, you’ve stood in front of the people, it’s over. How much longer? I need to pee. I really need to pee. Shit?! Did I already pee? Fuck, I did already pee. I need a toilet, man, come on! Calm down. It’s fine. Nobody can see. It’s fine. Just sit and smile. Keep smiling you stupid bitch. No! Don’t do that! Don’t touch your crotch, there’s a thousand people looking, don’t do that! Fuck, I’m wet!

Come on, man! Seriously! Hurry up! I’m gunna wet myself here! I’m convinced I’m still peeing. I feel so wet and warm. I think it’s spreading! Is it spreading!

No! Get yourself together! You leaked. You peed yourself a little, it’s nerves, it’s fine. Soon you’ll be off the stage and you can go to the toilet. Just hold on! The old guy will finish speaking then you’re free!

The director of the Agency was speaking enthusiastically about the achievements his ladies had made over the previous twelve months. He expressed his pride in the latest crop of ladies to join his Agency and expressed his desire to have an even better year than the previous one and promised as much money or resources that were required to see his desire come to fruition.

“So, without further ado. Please, one final round of applause for the class of 2022! Got bless you all!” The old man said passionately and was greeted by loud cheers, whistles and loud applause. The ladies, who were all seated at the back of the stage stood to take the applause. Then, after taking in all the adulation, the ladies drifted off stage in an organised single file.

Now off the stage Emily searched hurriedly for a toilet. The building was not familiar to her and the signs were not at all helpful. She checked corridor after corridor with no luck. After some time she spotted an employee of the building and asked her where the toilets were, “they aren’t back here” came the response “all the public toilets are in the public area of the arena, bad design I know” Emily looked angrily at the woman as if it was all her fault. “Are you serious?” Emily asked. “Sadly, yes. But, if you’re desperate I guess you can use one of the dressing room toilets. I can get the keys, if you like?” The employee asked.

“Yes, please!” Emily answered eagerly.

The employee walked off, apparently in search of keys leaving Emily alone in the corridor. The footsteps of the employee trailed away but seemed to return very quickly. Emily turned towards the sound but was surprised to see it was one of her fellow inductees.

“Hey” the stranger said to Emily “are you lost?” She asked.

“Kind of, I was looking for a toilet but apparently they aren’t here so..” Emily trailed off.

“You’re waiting for access to one?” The stranger finished Emily’s sentence “don’t bother” she said continuing “they’re revolting, I’ve been here before, seriously just do what I did”

“What did you do?” Emily asked.

“I pissed in the side alley” the stranger answered very matter of factly.

“But it’s illegal to expose yourself in public, it’s punishable by five years in prison!” Emily said in horror.

“You can’t expose yourself if you don’t move your underwear…” the stranger suggested.

“You mean… wet myself?” Emily asked in shock.

“Sure, why not? It ain’t gunna hurt you, look” the stranger then lifted up her dress to show Emily her pissy panties “it didn’t hurt, I’m still here” she said.

“But that’s wrong! You’re a grown woman!” Emily said in disgust.

“Don’t throw stones if you live in a glass house” the stranger said gesturing towards Emily.

Emily blushed and instinctively crossed her legs. “I don’t know what you’re talking about” Emily lied.

“I have a nose” the stranger said knowingly.

Emily blushed again and whilst she wanted to respond she couldn’t find the words. So, in the end she smiled painfully and just stared at the floor.

“Don’t be embarrassed” the stranger said “it’s just pee, it happens and I’m sure you’ll learn that sooner or later” the stranger smiled broadly at Emily and then walked away.

A moment later the employee returned with the keys for the dressing rooms.

“You can use that one there” she said “it’s been unused for a while so it should be clean””

“Thank you” Emily said.

The employee opened the door and Emily dashed straight to the far side door which she assumed correctly to be the toilet. She opened the door to see a bare room with white walls equipped only with a toilet and a sink. Emily hovered over the toilet and thought hard about what the stranger had said. She rubbed her pussy gently and realised she had peed more than she thought. Her pussy throbbed and she was confused by the sensation. Her stomach was doing somersaults and she felt nervous again.

She lifted her dress well above her waist and sat on the toilet, and instantly began to empty her bladder. She breathed deeply as the relief washed over her. Her ordeal was over. She had made it to the toilet. She felt relieved. But, as she pissed through her panties she was hit with an unusual sensations. She knew the sensation but she couldn’t believe she was feeling it right then, as she was wetting herself. She was horny. In the bare bathroom, all alone and away from the world Emily rubbed herself to a pissy, intoxicating climax.

“Emily Fairfax” the strong masculine voice called out. Emily turned sharply towards the sound of the voice. The wide corridor was thick with people and Emily began to slowly and painstakingly push her way through the throngs of people. She carefully peered through every pane of glass that lined the furthest sides of the corridor, hoping to spot the man she knew was calling her name.

“Emily Fairfax” the voice called again, but louder than last time. “I’m coming” Emily shouted in reply and continued her push forwards.

Eventually, Emily found herself in front of the man who had called her name. She knew the man, though not well. She also knew why she was being called. He was the senior case officer for her department and he had a job for her.

Mike was a short, stocky man who looked older than he was. His face looked old and aged by a lifetime of stress and conflict. His flaky grey hair and unshaven face did little else except add to the aura of a man who was unconcerned with the thoughts and opinions of others.

“Nice to see you” Mike Malloy, the senior case officer said in greeting to Emily.

“Yes, it is” Emily blundered “I mean, nice to see you too” she corrected herself nervously. Mike laughed at the young woman’s blunder.

“I’ll cut to the chase” Mike said “I want you to take your first case, you’ve been here for a while now but you’ve been mostly confined to desk work. I think it’s time for you to get out there and earn your stripes” Emily stared in disbelief. She had dreamt of her first case, she had longed to be the one doing the work and putting bad people behind bars but now it was in front of her and she was both disbelieving and terrified.

“Are you sure, sir? I mean, I’m still quite new here really” Emily said nervously.

Mike sensed the young woman’s reluctance.

“I’ll be straight with you” Mike said “there are some folk here who think you are not cut out for this line of work, some folk think you would be happy working at a desk your whole career. I’m not one of them. I know you have it in you to do this job, you just need to get out there and do it. The thought is worse than the reality. So, can I put your name down for this case?”

Emily blushed and shifted uncomfortably when she realised even the thought of taking her own case had made her urinate. This was Emily’s only reply. A silent, secretive reply that only she was aware of. A reply that adequately described her true feelings towards the question which had been asked, but which must not be shared to any but herself.

“Splendid” Mike beamed, taking Emily’s silence for acceptance “go home now, get some rest and then tomorrow go and see Barbara. She’ll be the lead investigator on the case and you’ll work under her but for all intents and purposes, it’ll be your case. Now, off you go. Get some rest” and with that Mike went back to his office. He didn’t wait for any acknowledgment from Emily.

Emily stood in silence for several moments, contemplating what had just happened. Her day had been going so well, her comfortable desk job was all she really wanted and she could see that now. However, that is not what she had signed up for and she knew it. Emily trudged to the ladies bathroom and locked herself in a stall. The room was empty so nobody could hear her whimpers and heavy breathing. She was sorely afraid. She didn’t know what her case wound be, but she feared it would be the worst of the worst.

She hiked her skirt up and panties down and released a thick torrent of urine into the bowl below. Her stomach churned gravely and her bowels were loosened by nerves. She swept back her thick red hair and wondered why she had chosen this path. She was not cut out for this. She was too afraid. Even the thought of taking her own case had made her pee in her panties, so she feared what the reality what make her do. She feared disgracing herself in front of her colleagues. But for now, she contested herself with wiping her pussy dry, dabbing her damp underwear and telling herself it found all wait until tomorrow.

The next day came around faster than Emily could ever have imagined. She had went home immediately after speaking to Mike the day before and upon arriving home she began to drink. By the late evening she had consumed three bottles of wine and had passed out on her sofa. She had slept deeply in a drunken stupor and had missed all the warnings her bladder had sent her. The first she knew of this was when she woke up with a splitting headache, a swirling stomach and a suspiciously wet sofa. At first, Emily merely shifted uncomfortably, happily ignorant to the fact she had wet herself in her sleep.

However, her blissful ignorance was soon disturbed when her bladder failed again. For a second time since she passed out Emily started to wet herself. The first she knew of her impending accident was when her crotch suddenly and unexpectedly turned warm. Then, she became aware that the warmth was spreading. Her pussy, ass, back and legs were all warm and she felt a sensation of water or swimming. When she finally became aware of what was happening, she made no effort to fix the situation. Emily remained still, blissfully cocooned in a soothing warmth. She had to move eventually, she knew that, but she wasn’t ready yet. She rubbed the soaked material of her panties and squeezed out a trickle of fresh pee. She rubbed again. Her pussy throbbed and moistened, except now it wasn’t pee that moistened her pussy. She rubbed again. Again. Again. Again.

She rubbed herself furiously as her body trembled and tingled. The sensations were building. Her mind and body became numb to all except the sensations of pleasure. Her body trembled and spasmed gently as the pleasure built. She moaned audibly. Her fingers were sticky wet and becoming wetter with every passing second. She rubbed harder, sensing she was close. Her body trembled and she began to pee again. She climaxed. A powerful, pissy climax that made her whole body shudder. She couldn’t move. Her hand remained inside her pissy panties.

Then her phone rang.

Emily glanced at her phone screen, it was Mike. Emily immediately answered the call, taking not a single second to compose herself after her powerful climax.

“Hello?” Emily answered the call.

“Good afternoon, Emily” Mike said. Emily senses irritation in his voice and then she filled with panic when she realised it was almost three in the afternoon, she was seriously late.

“I’m sorry” Emily said hurriedly “I’ve been held up all day, I’ll be there within the hour”

“You’ll be here within thirty minutes or you’ll get your notice tomorrow. Don’t fuck with me Emily. I put my neck out for you, don’t balls it up. Be here in thirty minutes” Mike then ended the call.

Emily had half an hour to clean herself up and get to the station. She got up from the sofa and ran to the bathroom. She peeled off her pissy panties and turned on the shower. She discarded her panties into a corner of the room and then she showered thoroughly but quickly. With her hair still wet, she ran into the bedroom and set out her outfit for the day. Black combat trousers, black t shirt, black toe capped boots, this was her uniform. The standard uniform of the Agency. She rushed around looking for underwear and cursed herself when she realised she had no clean panties available.

She didn’t debate the problem for long, she would not go commando. She rummaged through her dirty washing and laid out all of her panties in a line on the floor. Her plan was to choose the cleanest and wear them but none were as clean as she would like. In the end, she chose a pair of dark blue bikini briefs which were slightly pee stained but were otherwise clean. She got dressed quickly and brushed her teeth. She was in a rush, she had only fifteen minutes left. With a splitting headache, a swirling stomach and in a generally bad mood, Emily got in her car and drove. To what, she was not sure.

Emily arrived in Mike’s office with only a few minutes to spare. She looked well turned out and professional but inside she felt terrible. Her hangover was strong and it was only caffeine and gum that made her situation bearable. Inside the office she found Mike pouring through papers, she knocked on the open door to alert him to her presence.

Mike looked up from his papers, “nice of you to join us” he said sarcastically.

“I’m sorry” Emily said sincerely.

“It’s fine. You’re here now, sit down please” Mike said and then explained to Emily exactly what her case would be.

“There’s been some strange happenings over at the old car factory, you know the place? Over past the stadium?” Emily nodded, Mike continued. “It’s a simple case, just go there and see what’s going on. It’s probably just kids but just in case it’s more serious, we’re sending you in with a small team. You should have seen Barbara but because of your timekeeping that’s not possible now. So, go down to the duty room and ask for Sarah and Clara. They’re on your team and going with you to investigate the factory. Don’t forget, this is your case. You are in charge. Now, off you go. Be safe” Emily nodded acceptance of her orders and then left Mike’s office.

Emily felt relieved. She had feared a dangerous case but investigating a factory seemed easy. She felt at ease. So, with a steady heart she met Sarah and Clara in the duty room and then, the three ladies went to investigate the car factory.

It was almost five in the afternoon when the ladies arrived at the factory. The sun was gloomy grey and seemed to offer nothing but forbidding. The three ladies stepped out from their vehicle and stared at the vast, expansive building that towered in front of them.

“I think it’s best if we split up” Emily suggested. The two other ladies murmured agreement. “Sarah, you start at the south end and start making your way north. Clara, you start at the north end and look to meet Sara in the middle. I’ll start from the west and head east, if all goes well we’ll all meet somewhere in the middle. Sound good?” Emily asked and again recurved a murmur of agreement.

The ladies set off in their respective directions towards the forbidding factory. The vast building was in neglect and had not seen human activity in many years. All three ladies were nervous upon setting foot in the factory. They had went there expecting kids, but what awaited within was far worse.

Emily’s hurried footsteps echoed around the cacophonous space. She was running. She was being chased. Voices spoke in a language she did not understand, but they were getting closer. Emily stepped quickly to the left to hide in a small alcove. She pulled an iron sheet in front of her to act as a door and shield. She was hidden, for the time being at least. She stood bolt upright and perfectly still. Her breathing was laboured but she tried hard to not be heard. The voices were closer now, very close.

Emily could hear make voices speaking and they were getting closer. There was a gun shot and the sound echoed throughout the factory. Emily jumped. She was filled with terror. A terror she had never known before. She sobbed silently hoping it would all be over soon or that it was just a bad dream. She didn’t know it, but she was wetting herself. At the sound of the gunshot her bladder had failed and poured its contents down Emily’s legs. She didn’t notice. She was too afraid to notice. Warm urine flowed through her underwear and streamed down both legs. Most trickled gently into her boots, but some flowed over her boots and streamed underneath her iron clad hiding place. An iron clad hiding place that soon descended into chaos.

The iron sheet was thrown back. Emily was exposed. The men searching for her had seen her urine trickling from beneath the iron sheet. Emily screamed as the men grabbed her. She wriggled and fought but they were too strong. She screamed for help, but no help came. Emily was dragged to an old shell of a car and forced onto her knees. She was crying and screaming for help but no help seemed near. Emily pleaded but the men ignored her. Emily’s colleagues joined her by the car shell soon later and the ladies were reunified again. All three girls were crying and pleading for mercy. They were all on their knees, terrified and unknowing of what was to come. Emily and Sarah were both soaked in urine. Both girls had lost their bladders when they had been found by the men. The other girl, Clara, seemed to be the only one who had not disgraced herself.

The ladies were left alone for ten minutes. They had no idea what their captors were doing.

“We have to get out of here” Emily whispered, but she got no response except the constant crying and whimpers from her colleagues.

Then the men returned.

There were four men. One of them had a gun. The armed man strode towards the ladies and held the gun to Sarah’s head.

“Tell me who you are?” The man demanded in an unusual accent.

“I’m nobody” Sarah pleaded.

“Lies! Truth, or I kill your right now!” The man growled.

“It is true! Please!” Sarah pleased.

“Kill her” another man called out.

The man primed his gun. Sarah screamed a wild scream, a scream made only by one staring death in the face. The man placed his finger on the trigger.

“No!” Sarah screamed.

The trigger moved.

“I’m in charge!” Emily shouted.

All four men turned to stare at the young woman. Emily saw their gaze and shuddered.

“You’re in charge?” The man with the gun asked in surprise.

“I am Emily Fairfax and this is my team!” She screamed angrily.

“You? Boss? Boss that pisses herself, yeah right” the man spat in disgust.

“Yes. I’ve pissed myself. I pissed myself this morning too, last night I wet the bed. I might be scared but I’m still in charge, so fuck you” Emily said defiantly.

The four men looked at each other then looked back at Emily. Urine was pooling around her again.

“You piss yourself now?” The man asked.

“Yes” she answered defiantly staring the man straight in the eyes.

“That’ll do” a male voice called out from the distance.

Then it was all over.

The voice who called out was Mike Malloy. He strode towards the three ladies snd greeted them a friendly hello. The three girls were in stunned disbelief. The three started at each other as if one of them had an answer. The girls were bewildered and looked at Mike for an explanation.

“East girls” he said calmly “it’s all part of the training” he said matter of factly.

“Part of the training?” Emily asked in astonishment.

“Yeah. We needed to know neither of you would lose your nerve if captured. You all passed”

Mikes attitude was verging on insulting and the ladies were becoming angry.

“A test? A test? I was terrified” Sarah shouted angrily.

“I thought we were all going to die” Clara put in.

“It’s over now though” Mike said “you all passed and it’ll be made known that you’re now full inductees. Congratulations! But now, I’ve gotta run” then he left.

Just like that.

The girls were freed from their bindings and were then left alone. They still didn’t comprehend exactly what had transpired. It felt like a really bad joke, in really bad taste. The three girls were walking back to their vehicle in silence. It was now late evening and the gloomy grey had been replaced by a bright pink hue. Emily decided it was her responsibility to break the silence and lighten the mood.

“I hope we have something to sit on in the car, I’m a mess” Emily said.

“Me too” Sarah said “that was horrible” Emily nodded agreement.

“You must be braver than us” Emily said to Clara.

“I’m not” she answered calmly.

“You are! Look at me! I’m a mess, I didn’t think it was possible to pee as much as I did” Emily said humorously.

“I’m not brave” Clara said again “I wet myself too, probably more than both of you”

“Doesn’t look like it to me” Emily said.

“I’m wearing a diaper” Clara admitted “I was scared that this might happen, so I wore a diaper. When I get scared I pee, I can’t help it” she said sadly.

“Me too” Sarah chimed in.

“And me” Emily agreed.

“I might have done a little more than pee…” Sarah admitted “when he had that gun at my head I felt like something happened, you know, back there” Sarah said gesturing to her butt.

“Let me see and I’ll tell you” Emily offered helpfully.

Sarah dropped her soaked black combat trousers to reveal her urine and poop stained underwear. Her white briefs did nothing to hide her double accident.

“Is it bad?” Sarah asked.

“You’ve definitely had a number two accident” Emily said “but it’s not too bad”

“Oh well. Not the first time” Sarah said calmly as she pulled her trousers back up “anyone else shit themselves?” Sarah asked in amusement.

“No” Emily said truthfully “but I wet myself two or three times and if I’m being honest, these panties were already pee stained before I wore them this morning. I ran out of clean panties and these were the cleanest I could find”

“Sounds familiar” Sarah said with a chuckle.

“I’d peed myself before even getting out the car! I just saw the place and it looked so scary, I just peed. Not much but I did” Clara said.

“Me too” Emily admitted.

“Look at us” Sarah said “three ladies of the elite Ladies Syndicate Enforcement Agency and not a single one of us can control our bladders!” All three girls laughed.

This was their first day together. It would not be their last.

*004*2022-06-22 14:39

{{On 6/20/2022 at 11:05 AM, satan said:

Love it

}}

{{22 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

That was a fun read; back-to-back accidents ending with a group accident out of fear, and even a messing. Very nice.

}}

{{19 hours ago, Leaky-Panties said:

Excellent, elite agents having accidents is some good stuff.

}}

Thank you all!

I can’t say when (probably within a week) but I will write a second part in this series and if that is well received then I’ll think about a third.

Thank you again.

