Truth or Dare

Author: sspz

*000*2025-12-22 14:03

Content note: f/f, pee, desperation, wetting, embarrassment, sex, alcohol, brief mention of giantess crush porn

Clementine's parties had always had a reputation for being spicy.

I walk across the snowy college campus, legs chilly in my new party dress despite the long wool coat I'm wearing. The backpack on my back has the essentials in it: a book, headphones, a bottle of vodka and a carton of cranberry juice. I'm twenty-one, newly single, I hate online dating, and I wish some of that Clementine spice would just naturally fall on me. Wouldn't it be nice to arrive at a party single and leave with a boyfriend?

I take a sip from the extra-large latte I'm carrying and daydream: maybe Thomas, inexplicably single, studious, adorably chubby despite evenings spent in the gym, would swallow some Dutch courage and chat me up? or perhaps Nafis might take a break from holding forth to his lovers and admirers to take my hand?

I have to remind myself not to hope for too much. Other girls got admiring glances and flirtatious comments. I'm too shy, and usually looking like a stereotypical lesbian in overalls, comfy jumpers and combat boots doesn't help. I look down at the snow-dusted front of my coat. A chest that wasn't completely flat would probably also be nice. And maybe the ability to walk in heels.

I finish off my latte and drop the cup in a bin. As I stroll onwards, I notice a little twinge from my bladder - coffee always makes me need to pee so quickly. Luckily Clem's isn't too far away.

___

"Xiao Yu! Wonderful to see you!" Clementine gives me a warm, genuine hug. She looks splendid, golden hair shining in the hallway light. "Come in, come in!"

She ushers me into the already-crowded living room and starts to introduce me - "Alex, this is Xiao Yu, I've told you about her, she's on my microbiology course! Xiao Yu, Poppy, you two have to chat about guitar, I know you'll get along great!"

She takes me upstairs and shows me into her room, bed piled high with coats. I shuck off my own coat and add it to the collection.

"Oh, you look lovely!" Clementine says. "I don't think I've ever seen you in a dress, have I? You scrub up very nicely!"

"Thank you! Yes, it's new - I figured I could do with wearing something other than corduroy occasionally." Then I ask shyly, "Where's your bathroom?"

"End of the hall, darling, but I think somebody's using it at the moment. But Kev next door has said that we could use his..."

"Sorry Clem, offer's off!" A boy with a tousled head of red hair pops out of an open doorway across the hall, a beer in his hand. "Somebody broke the flusher, and then somebody else dropped an empty can in it, and well..."

"Don't worry," I say, "I don't need to go that bad yet."

___

By the time I really need to go, it's two hours later, I'm four vodka and cranberries down, and I'm buried in a cosy pile of reclining bodies on Clem's sofa bed in her back room. I'm regretting not standing in the long queue for the bathroom, and the topic of conversation isn't helping:

"...and then she asked if she could pee on me!" a voice that might be Roberto laughs.

"Did you say yes? 'cos I'd have totally said yes!"

"Zoe, you freak, of course I didn't say yes!"

"Roberto, you're missing out. I bet your favourite ice cream flavour is vanilla too."

"I mean, like, I didn't want her to wet my sheets..."

"So Zoe," another voice breaks in - a lazy drawl with a Canadian accent. I don't think I know her. "Now you know our deepest darkest sex secrets... what's the weirdest thing you've ever done in bed, then?"

"Ah, that sounds like a truth or dare question! Is it that time of the night? Who's up for truth or dare?"

___

Ten minutes later we're sitting in a circle with an empty whiskey bottle in the centre. Zoe's gone over the rules for those of us who grew up abroad or just had very restrictive home lives. I'm secretly thankful. I was one of the latter - I didn't go to my first party until I was seventeen, and I was probably the least uptight of my school friends.

"Right, I'll start!" she says cheerfully, pointing the bottle at herself. "And ... Wendy, you get to be my questioner!"

"Alright Zoe, truth or dare?"

"Truth!"

"What's the freakiest thing you've ever done in bed?"

Zoe laughs. "Shoulda known that one would come up first! Gods, let me think. ...alright, there was this one guy who seemed super vanilla at first, but after I asked him directly what sort of porn he liked, he blushed so hard - it was adorable - and admitted that he was really into giantess foot crush porn."

"Giantess what?!"

"Like, porn where the camera is set up so the girl is looking over your viewpoint and she talks about how you're so tiny and how she's going to crush you with her giant feet! So, like, I couldn't be a giantess for him, but I did strip off, rub my feet on his face, and tell him he was a tiny insect, and wow that was a very fun night after that!" She grins widely at the memory. "My turn to spin!"

She leans over to spin the bottle and, sitting opposite her, I get a great view down the deep-cut top of her long dress. She's not wearing a bra. I find myself oddly transfixed by the sight, and I'm glad that everybody else is watching Zoe and not catching me staring. Am I blushing? I think I'm blushing. And I still really need to pee.

"I'll be back in..." I start to say, getting to my feet, just as the bottle points right at me and stops.

"Xiao Yu, you can't run away! Truth or dare?"

"Aaa!" I sit back down, wincing. "Truth!'

"Haaaaave you ever ... made out with a girl?" Zoe's staring straight into my eyes with a smirk on her face and I am blushing way harder than this simple question ought to be making me.

"N...no! Only boys!" I stammer.

She quirks an eyebrow at me. "Shame I only get one question," she murmurs and winks at me. "Now you spin!"

I'm still trying to figure out what she meant by the wink as I bend forward to grab the bottle, but I'm quickly distracted by my bladder sounding the alarms: if I don't leave right now I'm about to be in trouble. With alcohol-fuelled courage, I ignore it, place the bottle in the centre of the floor, and give it a spin. It lands on Roberto.

"Roberto, um, truth or dare?"

"Truth."

"Do you..." I hesitate, suddenly realising that between Zoe doing whatever she was doing and my insistent bladder urge, I haven't even bothered to think of a question. "Do you, like, enjoy ... sex?"

The room erupts in giggles, and I kick myself mentally. What a stupid excuse for a question! But Roberto is looking surprisingly thoughtful.

"...yes, of course I do," he says. "Who doesn't like to get laid?"

I would be more interested in his answer if I wasn't already bolting to my feet and running for the bathroom. I hit the stairs, turn the corner and collide with somebody coming down. I trip and land on the thankfully carpeted stairs, and some desperate instinct gets me to shove one hand between my legs before I even realise that I'm wetting myself.

"Oh shit, I'm so sorry!" It's Thomas. He puts down a hand to help me up, and I don't notice for a second because I'm clenching with all my might, trying to stop the flow of hot pee into my cute frilly pink panties. "Are you, um..."

He doesn't get to finish his sentence as I dash past him, hand still between my legs, only to wind up skidding to a halt in the upper hall - the queue is, unbelievably, even longer than before. I can't help myself - I let out a loud moan. A girl I vaguely know from my classes - Lina? - looks over with sympathy. "Sorry chick, there's something wrong with the plumbing. The toilet will flush but it's backing up so we can only use it every ten minutes or so, and we can't even pee in the shower or the sink or it backs up there too. I'd let you in front but I'm genuinely about to piss my pants, sorry!"

I look further down the queue. The number of different pee dances are impressive, and a few people have resorted to clamping their hand between their legs like I'm still doing. I realise there aren't many guys in the queue and wonder why, until I glance outside: the boys have clearly taken this as an opportunity to go write their names (and in a few cases, make giant penises) in the snow.

"Wish I could do that," Lina says. "I might still have to go pee outside if this takes too much longer!"

For some reason - maybe the vodka, maybe the fall, maybe the wet panties, maybe the sheer embarrassment of having asked a crap truth question - I turn and slink downstairs, pulling my dress down and hoping the wet spot between my legs isn't visible.

Thankfully there's nobody in the hall downstairs and I have time to compose myself before I open the door to the crowded back room. As I sit down, one of my classmates across the circle calls out to me:

"Hey, sweetheart, are you okay? You look ..."

"I'm okay! I'm ... well, the bathroom was backing up and I couldn't go."

"Oh yeah, I saw the queue earlier and decided to wait it out. Hope it gets quieter soon!"

Canadian Drawl from earlier chimes in. "Me too. I've got a bladder of steel but even I'm close to joining the boys outside."

"Me three!" - Tara, a girl I vaguely know from a previous party. "All this beer has to go somewhere!"

Tara leans forward and spins the bottle. It spins, slows ... points at me again.

"Xiao Yu, truth or dare?"

Please tell me to kiss somebody. Please... "Dare."

Tara gets a mischievous look on her face. "Okay, I dare you to ... wet yourself! In the..."

I cut her off - "What?! No!" - but it's already happening. My overstressed bladder takes the permission and flings the floodgates wide open. I don't even have time to think before I'm peeing full force into my panties with a loud hissing noise. I shove my hand between my legs again but I can't stop it, no matter how much I clench or press down, so eventually I just take my hand away and enjoy the incredible relief. I can feel a warm puddle growing on the carpet around my bottom.

For a while the whole circle is completely silent, until the hissing slows to a trickle and then to silence. I can feel my face burning as red as a stoplight.

"Oh wow, I was gonna say 'in the shower' but, um..."

Zoe laughs uproariously. "Well, at least that's one less person in the queue!" She gets to her feet, and offers me her hand. "Come with me, cutie, I'll get you a towel and find something to clean up with."

I let her pull me up with my non-pee-soaked hand. She keeps hold of it as she leads me out of the living room, warm pee still dripping from my dress and down my legs.

___

Once we're in the hall, she pulls me in beside her, leans in close, and whispers:

"I don't know if you meant to let me see your panties -"

"I didn't!" I yelp, somehow blushing even more.

"- but I got such a good view from across the circle and *wow*." She turns to me, eyes sparkling bright.

I stare at her. "...wow?" I whisper.

I expect to be appalled to think of her seeing my panties, let alone when I'm wetting them. And yet, somehow ... I kinda want to pee in front of her again. Deliberately. Maybe right here, pulling my dress up, spreading my legs and peeing onto the floor...

My reverie is interrupted by the living room door opening and my classmate Maxine slipping through, blushing almost as bright as I am. Her tight jeans have a noticeable wet patch at the crotch.

"Oh, crap," she says, "I was hoping I could slip away unnoticed. I got a bit, um ..."

"Caught up in the moment?" Zoe grins. "Don't worry, you're in good company."

Maxine hurries to the outside door. "I'm giving up on the bathroom! Snow, here I come!"

I turn back to Zoe. At some point she's slipped an arm comfortably around my waist. I hesitate, then rest my head on her shoulder.

"Wait," I say, feeling suddenly brave. "Good company? You haven't wet yourself yet!"

Zoe giggles, and steers me up the stairs. "Oh, that's a big assumption!"

"You ... have?"

"Well, I'm wearing this long black dress, so ... "

Despite myself, I break away from her shoulder and tilt my head forward to inspect for damp patches. Surely -

"Relax, darling, I'm kidding. I haven't peed my panties tonight. Yet. But the number of times this dress has seen, uh, unscheduled bathroom activity... you'd be surprised how little it shows."

Her grin sparkles in the corner of my vision as we walk into the long hallway and past the toilet queue. Neither of us speak until she's pulled me into a tiny unoccupied bedroom. She pushes the door closed behind us.

"Here. I'm sure the occupant won't mind if we borrow this." She holds out a large fluffy towel to me. I take it gratefully and begin drying my legs.

"So," Zoe says, "This is all new to you, isn't it?"

"I've never wet myself in front of a whole room of people, no," I say. I find a mirror and pull up my dress, inspecting my black panties. There is an impressive wet spot on the front and - I turn around - my bottom is completely soaked through.

Zoe laughs. "I mean being flirted at by a lesbian. Which is what I've been doing for the last hour, in case you haven't noticed."

My blush, which had faded, comes right back, but I don't drop the hem of my dress.

"Oh darling. You hadn't noticed, had you?"

I'm suddenly aware of my body and Zoe's keen gaze.

"Okay, this time with subtitles for the adorably observationally challenged. Yes, I am attracted to you, and yes, I am enjoying seeing your underwear, and yes, you having just peed in it does make that even hotter. But no, you're not obliged to do anything about that, and no, I will not do anything to you that you don't want."

"I..." I'm lost for words. I had been desperately hoping for this party to bring me something, but this was absolutely not what I expected. And I was completely straight, right? I should just say that and sort this whole thing out.

"I ... think I do want it," I blurt out. There's a long pause. My brain is whirling, bells ringing, alarms going off - I just said *what*?! - until it's silenced by Zoe unfolding herself langorously from the bed, taking a step over to me, and kissing me.

___

We make out for what seems like forever, and the little room feels like it disappears as I focus in on her warm lips, her body pressed against mine, her hands on my back. I'm shy at first, clutching the wet fabric of my dress as she touches me. She murmurs "may I?" as her hand slowly slides down the small of my back, and I nod assent; her hand continues moving, cupping the gentle swell of my bottom with the lightest touch. I gasp slightly, and something that might be a quiet growl or a purr comes from her throat as she feels the wetness of the fabric.

I get a little braver, let go of the dress, and place my own hands on Zoe's body. She's so warm, so slim compared to the boys I've touched. I map her with my fingertips - shoulders, shoulder blades, the elegant lines of her back - and then ask my own question, whispering "may I?" and getting a low, amused "yes *please*" in return. I slide my hand down shyly, slowly, feeling the beautiful arch of her back give way to her bottom - rounder than mine, but still firm, athletic.

Her kisses get harder, more passionate, and I find that I'm replying in kind. I ache for her, and I think about taking her hand and placing it between my legs, but I'm still too nervous. She makes the decision for me - another quiet question, another nod, more emphatic this time - and she slides her fingers across my hip and onto my belly, pushing the rumpled folds of the dress out of the way to touch my bare skin. I shiver with pleasure, slip my other hand down to her behind, and pull her against me.

I'm feeling something that I've never felt with a boy - raw lust, desire, wanting. I want to dissolve in her completely, for her to touch and kiss me all over. I'm quivering with anticipation as she slides her fingers downwards, agonizingly slowly, and I can feel her smile as I kiss her. She knows exactly what sort of exquisite torture she's inflicting.

After what feels like an eternity, her fingers reach the wet spot on the front of my panties and start making small, slow circles. I push my hips forward and find myself whispering - "I want you so much." She kisses me hard in return, and slips her fingers a little lower. "I want ... I want ..." - but my brain is too full of sensation to form sentences. Lower still. My breath is coming in little gasps. "I need ... to ..." Lower, hovering just above my clit, her palm pressing into my bladder which I'm suddenly aware has filled up again. "...pee. I want to..."

And then her fingers reach my clit and I don't think for a while.

___

We emerge much later.

When I finally find Clementine in the swirling throng of the party, completely naked except for a glass of champagne, I apologise profusely to her. She laughs and brushes off the apology - "Oh sweetheart, don't worry, that carpet's seen worse. Maxine also made a puddle, so she cleaned them both up."

Over the course of the next little while, I eventually piece together what's been happening since we left, and why there are so many people wearing so few clothes.

The Truth or Dare game had continued, swallowed up more of the party, and eventually led to half of its participants stripping and the other half leaving to find a private spot to fulfil their dares with a willing partner.

In parallel, the toilet situation eventually got fixed, but not before quite a few more accidents happened; eventually, the post-accident routine had become to strip the embarrassed partygoer, throw them out into the snow to clean off, then let them warm up around the now-blazing living room fire.

Zoe and I look at each other, shrug, and strip off. Zoe's body looks as gorgeous as it had felt under my hands. We find a space on the floor in the living room, clasp hands and smile at each other, slightly dazed but incredibly happy.

The party sprawls onwards into the small hours of the morning. Clementine continues being the most gracious host. Poppy plays a few beautiful songs on guitar. In the corner, Roberto is engaged in a quiet conversation with Thomas about asexuality. Canadian Drawl is beside us, telling stories of hilariously bad dates. Nafis has found a back room with a couch on which to recline, surrounded by girls, holding forth about philosophy; but for a change I don't have even a glance to spare him.

Eventually the sun creeps over the horizon and it's time to tidy up, get dressed and go home. I wrap my wet things in a plastic bag and put them in my backpack, think about asking Clem about some fresh clothes, but eventually just tug on my sneakers and shrug on my long coat over my bare skin.

Zoe and I walk back to our dorms holding hands and chattering away. When we get to the point where we'd need to say goodbye, there's just the slightest pause. Neither of us lets go of the other's hand. Zoe quirks one eyebrow upwards. I smile. We walk onwards towards her dorm together.

___

I don't return to my own room for days, other than a flying visit to pick up clothes and laptop.

A week later, I get the chance to wet myself for her for the first time - in bed, on Zoe's fleecy waterproof sheets, her hand pressed between my legs, enjoying the warm wetness as I soak my pajamas.

Two weeks later, she presents me with a little rainbow flag pin for my backpack. I'm still figuring out a lot of things, but I take it and pin it on gladly.

A couple of months later I introduce her to my family when they come to visit. I'm worried stiff, but they immediately treat her like part of the family. A month after that, I meet her dad, and her mom a couple of months after that.

Somewhere in between, we go to a few more parties. I don't have any more accidents, but Zoe wears her long black dress, and I get to see just how little it shows the damp patches.

