The Casual Desperation Series

Author: satyr

*000*2019-09-16 02:19

Decided to try something I haven't done much: Write a story about casual, unplanned desperation where having an accident is played off as not being such a big deal. Not because this takes place in some alt-universe where incontinence is drastically more common than IRL, but just because the characters roll with the punches and take a laidback attitude to the whole thing. When I feel like it, on a totally idiosyncratic schedule, I might update this thread with other one-offs, although this one turned out quite long and I can't promise that every time.

Casual Desperation 1: Lifesaver

Nina rolled out of bed and shivered as her bare feet hit the floor. The shiver seemed to travel simultaneously up from her toes and down from the top of her spine, both sensations merging at her abdomen. Specifically, her distended morning bladder. She needed to pee. Quickly, she jogged across the hall, through the living room and up the stairs to the bathroom, trying to keep her hands from straying to her crotch. Pulling down her pajama pants and her panties in one go, she seated herself on the toilet and let out a satisfying tinkle.

Today was going to be a busy day. Nina and her boyfriend were having their friend Jacob and his new girlfriend—Maya? Anna? What was her name again?—over for dinner. Which meant that she was going to be playing cook and hostess, because Michael was terrible at that sort of thing. He tried, bless him, but he was a bad cook and while he could talk sports and cars and motorcycles with the guys, his conversational charm if you didn’t happen to share those particular interests was an acquired taste. Washing her hands, Nina smiled at the thought of her boyfriend regaling Maya/Anna with tales of his latest project, restoring a gasoline-guzzling veteran motorcycle. She didn’t know much about this mysterious new girlfriend, whom she’d only met once very briefly, but from what Jacob had said, she was a treehugging, save-the-environment sort. Probably those two would have to be chaperoned so conversation didn’t take a bad turn. Just another thing Nina would have to look out for.

Nina threw her pajamas in with the laundry and stepped out of her panties. She blushed a little bit at the sight of a small damp spot on the crotch of the panties. Perhaps she’d sweated a lot during the night—they were having a bit of an Indian Summer—or perhaps she’d leaked a bit when her bare feet hit the floor, or when she’d hurriedly tugged down her panties to pee. No matter. She had more pressing things to worry about.

After a quick shower, she sat down in the kitchen with a bowl of porridge, today’s newspaper and a coffee for breakfast. Michael had finally roused himself, still sporting an epic bedhead. He leaned over and gave her a peck on the cheek. Truly, a gentleman. “Going to work on the bike in the garage for a couple of hours,” he said. This was his typical Saturday morning ritual. “Unless you need me for something…?”

“I’m going for a haircut and then shopping for dinner, which I’ll be making, if I know you,” she said, distracted by her newspaper.

“I did offer to cook,” he said, sidling behind her and putting his arms around her shoulders.

“I know, and I offered to be on standby ready to call the fire department,” she said, not unkindly.

He laughed. “I’ll leave you to it, then.”

“Go play with your bike, big boy,” she said, patting his hand on her shoulder.

“I will,” he said, chuckling all the way out of the kitchen.

Michael was about as useless in the kitchen as she was in the garage, but they complemented each other. Nina had never been of the opinion that like should seek out like. She was tall, just on the healthy side of skinny, and blonde. He looked like a lumberjack. Picture a lumberjack, short, stocky, bearded, wearing a red and black checkered flannel shirt, and you got it. But he was handy, kind and funny, and she was… Responsible? Down to earth? And not unkind to the eye. That’s what she’d overheard him saying to his friend after their first date, when he didn’t think she could hear him. Not she’s hot, or even she’s cute, but She’s so down to earth, and not unkind on the eyes. It was a silly thing, maybe, but that’s when she decided she was going to take their dating more seriously than her recent dates. Some women might not consider that statement flattering (or even fully grammatical), but she found it refreshingly honest and non-creepy. And five years later they were still together.

Nina put away her newspaper, drained her coffee, and picked up a bottle of water for the road. She drained half of it before she set off. Right. The mall. A haircut—which she had to hurry to make, she realized—and then maybe shopping for some new jeans, then for ingredients for dinner. She’d found one of her pairs of jeans unfashionably full of holes at the back of the closet and realized perhaps part of her wardrobe could stand a makeover.

She was parched, for some reason, and couldn’t be bothered to carry the water bottle with her, so she drained it and threw it in the side compartment. Then she ran out of the parking lot, through a warm late-summer drizzle to the mall. The hair salon’s opening hours were greatly reduced on Saturdays, and when she’d booked the appointment, the matronly voice on the other end of the phone call had delivered a sermon on arriving on time or she’d have to come back on Monday. By the time she arrived at the salon, she was breathing heavy. She walked in five minutes late, but the middle-aged woman who ran the shop wasn’t in today. Thankfully. Instead, she was shown to a chair by a bright-eyed, overly cheerful young woman.

“Good thing you came in just now, I was thinking of closing up early,” the hairdresser said, favoring Nina with a smile so sweet and incongruous that Nina immediately began speculating about what kinds of dark, dark secrets this girl must harbor. There was just something off-putting about people who smile all the time when there’s nothing to smile about, wasn’t there? Could anyone truly be that joyful all the time? Nina wasn’t exactly depressed, she was quite happy with her life, but she wasn’t bouncing like a bunny in springtime every day at work. As she sat down, she felt a tug from her bladder. There was definitely some pee in there, but it wasn’t too bad. She didn’t want to ask for a restroom break and keep the girl longer than necessary when she was already late to her appointment. Oh, well. She could wait.

The hairdresser chattered endlessly, a string of inanities about celebrities and how pretty Nina’s hair was, which would have been flattering if all the hairdressers she knew didn’t say all the same things to all their customers. She had blond hair cascading down to her chest, with just enough waviness to it that she could never decide if she should wear it straight or go full curly. She closed her eyes and let herself relax as the girl fussed over the hair, combing and trimming.

One time, the girl tugged a little too hard on a strand of hair, which surprised her so much that for a moment, she felt her bladder give a push. No, not today, Nina thought, casually crossing one leg over the other. Wouldn’t it look silly if I peed myself in the hair salon like a little girl? The thought amused her so much that she had to giggle. The girl assumed she was laughing at some little joke she must have made which Nina had missed entirely, and launched into a series of anecdotes about embarrassing situations the hottest celebrities had been getting into lately.

Finally, her hair was done. She got up and stumbled a bit as she put her weight on her left leg. Damn thing was about to fall asleep. Nina rubbed at her thigh, her hand casually straying close to her crotch—the need to pee was now urgent enough not to be ignored, but far from desperate—and then made her way to the counter. She looked around to see if there were any customer restrooms, but couldn’t see any, so she paid and took her leave.

Now, she might have made her way to the restrooms, but as far as she knew they were on the other side of the mall. Now that she was walking around, the urge wasn’t so bad. Instead, she headed over to a clothing store. On a whim, she entered one of the more expensive fashion brand stores, the kind where there are no price tags and if that’s a problem, you’re not welcome. She amused herself browsing clothes she had no intention of buying, including a set of sexy lingerie that she knew would drive Michael mad in the bedroom. Perhaps for his birthday. She probably couldn’t afford it, but a girl can dream, right? The urge to empty her bladder was still there in the back of her mind, but she quickly forgot about it. Nina spent half an hour browsing haute couture, until she noticed that the shop attendant was giving her looks and sort of fidgeting with her hands, opening and closing her mouth as if she was debating whether to say something. She got the message: buy something or get out.

On the way to a shop more in her price range, she picked up a coffee to go. She absent-mindedly sipped at it while doing a little recon, walking in a circle around the mall to see if any interesting new shops had popped up. It’d been a while since she was here last, and the turnover of shops in this mall was quite high. Seems like every month one shop goes bankrupt and another one pops up. Must be high rent. Make it big or go home, that sort of place. Nina had a tendency to let her mind wander if she wasn’t engaged in anything in particular, which was why she preferred to stay busy. By the time she’d circled back to her favorite store, she’d drained the coffee and the need to pee was back, a bit more urgent now. She paused, casually crossed one leg in front of the other, and exhaled. Then she put the urge away in the back of her mind—it was getting worse, but it was no crisis yet—and entered.

“Nina!” A large woman in a very colorful dress waved her over. Oh, Danielle said she was taking weekend shifts here. She’d forgotten. Nina walked over to her friend by the counter, very careful not to jostle her full bladder. As she reached the counter, a little spasm hit her, and she had to do an awkward little curtsy to avoid leaking.

“You okay? You’re looking a little fidgety over there,” Danielle said.

Cursing herself inwardly for being so obvious about it, Nina straightened up. “Yeah, just got some things on my mind. We’re having Jacob and his new girlfriend over for dinner tonight, and I’ve barely met her. Apparently she’s kind of a treehugging hippie or something, and Michael’s whole life is about gas-guzzling cars and motorbikes.”

“Oh my! Tell me more,” Danielle said. She was a good friend, and an even better gossip. But unlike the hair salon girl, Danielle had gossip about people Nina actually knew. It was gossip she could appreciate, in moderate doses. Nina made sure not to fidget anymore, although it did tax her abs to hold it in with muscle power alone. They talked for a quarter of an hour until Danielle had to go help out a customer. By the end of it, Nina knew everything about at least a couple of rumored affairs in her extended friend circle, and about poor Roger—actually an ex she was on good terms with still—who might lose his job because he’d lost his driver’s license speeding.

Not a great look for a cabbie. As fun as it was to listen to her personal TMZ, when a customer showed up, Nina was grateful. It was getting harder and harder to pretend that she didn’t really need to pee. Like, very soon. She walked over to a tall clothes stand and crouched down pretending to tie her shoelaces, but actually squeezing her crotch. After sitting on her heel for a minute, she felt composed enough to get up again. Thankfully nobody had seen anything.

This is getting silly, now isn’t it, Nina, she thought. Just ask Danielle to use the restroom. Even if they only have one for staff, she won’t give a crap, her manager’s not here and will never know. But then she thought that might look a bit silly, and then she looked at her watch and noticed she’d wasted so much time she better hurry to get what she came here for done if she was going to have dinner ready in time. I’ll just visit the restrooms on the way out of the mall, she decided. Nina had a tendency to put it off, and this was a familiar situation. It usually worked out just fine. Standing, now, it wasn’t even that bad. Okay, it was actually kind of bad, but not, like, about to flood the linoleum bad.

Nina hurriedly grabbed a couple of light blue jeans in different sizes and headed to the fitting rooms. Just buy the damn jeans, then groceries, then toilets. That order. Quick and orderly. Organized. She dipped into a vacant fitting room, shut the curtain, then set about unbuttoning her current jeans. They dug into her bladder as she began to pull them off, and she had to let go, pants hanging off her upper thighs, hopping between one leg and another and squeezing her crotch. Oh, my! Well, she was in too deep now. Surely she wouldn’t wet herself in the next five minutes.

Nina got her pants off, then grabbed a random pair of new jeans and stepped into them, then began shimmying them up. When she tried to button the jeans, she realized two things: One, these jeans were two sizes too small and even her slender frame could never pull that off. Must be made for anorexic girls. Two, the half-buttoned jeans were now digging savagely into her bladder, which was starting to bulge out over the waistband. And it hurt. Fuck, that’s painful.

She felt her bladder give a push and sank down on one knee, furiously digging her hand into her crotch, even sticking one hand down her panties, or as far as she could with such tight jeans halfway buttoned up. She sat like that for a minute, two minutes, praying that she wouldn’t start peeing. These weren’t her pants, and she certainly wasn’t intending on buying them. They were hardly even jeans, they were more akin to a torture implement. Several waves of pressure crashed against her urethra, and she clenched with all her might. Finally, one of the buttons she’d managed to pull closed popped loose and rolled down onto the floor.

Now she’d ruined a pair of pants, but on the bright side, the additional pressure was gone, and her bladder seemed to take a chill pill and leave her alone long enough to rise. Well, damn. She blushed, not so much over her childish pee-dancing as over the thought that she’d ruined a pair of jeans she hadn’t intended on buying. The pee-dancing was, well, not quite a regular occurrence, but not unheard of, and no one had seen her. Nina pulled the pants off and debated whether to abort mission and run for the toilets. But the relief from the torture-device of a pair of jeans had lessened the pressure so much that she put it off. Instead, she picked the largest pair of jeans she’d brought and tried them on. They fit snugly.

She turned around and craned her neck to admire her backside in the mirror. It looked really good in these jeans, if she did say so herself. Nina fished out her phone from her purse and sent a quick snap to her boyfriend, showing off a little. Then another bladder spasm nearly dampened her panties. Time to get out of here. She quickly undressed, re-dressed, and picked up all three pairs of jeans. The button that had come loose stared up at her from the floor, silently yelling J’accuse! With an audible moan, she bent down and picked up the button. Her old jeans dug into her bladder, but the pain was now almost familiar and her panties escaped unscathed. For now.

This was officially an emergency.

Well, she reasoned, I came all this way, I might as well buy these jeans and then I’ll be free to run off to the potty. Nina walked with very careful steps over to Danielle by the counter.

“Find something you like?” Danielle asked.

“Yeah, these,” Nina said, biting her lip and producing the jeans she’d looked so good in.

“Good choice! These will make Michael go wild, I just know it,” Danielle said with a wink. She was one of those women who could pull off the cartoonishly obvious wink, and took frequent advantage.

Nina blushed as she laid down the pair that had given her such grief. “I, eh, this is a bit embarrassing, but these were super tight and I kind of… A button came loose,” she stammered.

“Oh!” Danielle chuckled. “Hey, it happens. Between you and me, it should be illegal to stock such tight pants without a huge red warning sign next to them.” She gestured to her own body, which could stand to lose a few kilos. “It’s a nightmare, especially for someone like me. Anyway, I won’t charge you for ‘em, but you’ll owe me some juicy gossip about that new girlfriend of Jacob’s next time we catch up.”

“Deal,” Nina said. Grateful more for the thought of ending the conversation and rushing to the bathroom than for the favor. She paid and took her leave.

Then she noticed the time. She’d spent so much time gossiping and averting disaster in the fitting room that now her schedule was really tight. She needed to buy groceries and rush home if dinner wasn’t going to be delayed embarrassingly long. Better that the guests wait for food than that the food waits too long for the guests, her mother used to say, but she wanted to make a good first impression on Anna/Maya/Hannah/Whatshername. Sighing, Nina made the decision to put off the toilet for a little while longer.

After all, she’d made it this far without even a little leak, which was—well, it wasn’t super common, exactly, but she was a busy person, and sometimes she got caught up in things, and then she was a little late, and sometimes she leaked a bit in her panties, and what business of anyone’s was that—the point was that she wasn’t at the point of no return. And come to think of it, I was really only on the edge there when I put on those ridiculous jeans. Bah! Satisfied that nothing bad could possibly come of this decision, she bypassed the restrooms and made her way to the supermarket.

Well, it wasn’t pretty, but she made it to the till dry. She only had to stop and cross her legs twice, maybe three times, max. And she only ducked behind a fruit stand to crouch down and sit on her heel while pretending to tie her shoelaces once. Blushing a little, bouncing like a schoolgirl, she waited in line. Once the elderly gentleman who insisted on counting out the change twice before he was satisfied was done, she paid. The cashier girl gave her a questioning look, but Nina ignored it.

As she passed by the restrooms on the way out, her eyes lingered on the sign on the door. It was a pink, female silhouette, with legs crossed and arms in her crotch. It was enough to send a sympathy jolt to her own bladder, and she couldn’t very well grab herself with shopping bags in both hands. Another wave crashed into her overworked bladder muscles, and she felt herself give up for a second. A small, hot spurt shot out, warming her panties and cheeks alike, but she got it under control. Not like I haven’t been here before and made it in time, she thought. Nina adopted a confident walk with long strides, almost daring her bladder to betray her again, but it held. She threw the groceries into the back seat and stumbled into the driver’s seat, almost drunk with desperation.

She dared a glance down at her crotch. Her panties were damp, but the jeans, a light gray that would surely show an accident, appeared dry. She tentatively stuck a finger under the waistband and touched it to the front of her panties. Yup, clearly wet. Well, it should be a short drive home, right?

Pain. The overwhelming sensation she felt for those fifteen minutes of driving was pain. A hot pain around her bladder and abdomen, a sequence of waves crashing against a willpower that was eroding like a seaside cliff over geological time. Somehow, she didn’t run the red light she really wanted to run. Truthfully, it was only the thought of Roger, her former lover turned friend who’d lost his license and possibly his job being cavalier with driving rules, that stayed her hand. And a good thing, too, as she noticed a police car in her rear-view mirror. If she’d been stopped, her nervous demeanor would probably cause them to test her for a DUI, and while she’d pass with flying colors, the same couldn’t be said for her jeans. She shuddered at the thought of wetting herself in front of a cop.

When you have to pee so bad it’s starting to come out, it seems like thinking about anything else becomes impossible. It’s like telling someone to not think of a pink elephant. What’s the first thing that’s gonna pop into your mind? Pink elephant. Wet jeans. Full bladder. Nina had had her share of mishaps, almost always as a consequence of her own bad choices. Usually, she made it in time, sometimes with damp underwear. But once or twice—okay, maybe more like four times in her adult life—she didn’t. The last time had been coming home from the movies with her friends. She’d thought she could make it home.

And she did, mostly dry, but unlocking her door had unlocked her bladder. She’d stood there and spread her legs and peed down them, urine pouring down from under her skirt for a minute, as her friends stood by, either shocked or giggling. And then she’d laughed with them, and shrugged, and gone inside and changed, and it hadn’t been that big of a deal. It was just something that happened sometimes. A bit embarrassing in the moment, but easily forgotten. Nina really didn’t want to have an accident in front of strangers—that would be mortifying—but she’d survived accidents in front of her friends before.

This time, she made it home, scooped up her shopping bags, and ran as fast as she could inside, not even bothering to lock the car. Another wave hit her as she crossed the threshold, and she had to put down the bags and squeeze herself, but she didn’t leak. Nina gingerly bent down and picked up the groceries and the bag with her jeans. She only had to put the groceries in the kitchen, then: relief. Glorious relief.

Michael was in the kitchen, washing his hands. The sound of the water hitting the sink caused another spasm, and she felt a little trickle leak out despite her clenching. Crossing her legs, not daring to look down to see if it was visible on her pants, she called out to her boyfriend: “What are you doing here?”

“Um, washing my hands, obviously,” Michael said, shooting her a puzzled look. “Oh, Jacob called and said if it was fine by us they’ll be coming over half an hour earlier. Apparently they had to pick something up at Hannah’s work at a specific time, and it’s on the way to us, and it’d be kind of dumb to go all the way back home just to turn in the hallway and go back here. I said it was fine by me.”

“Uh, yeah,” Nina said. Her legs were trembling, and she was trying to fix Michael with a gaze to avoid him noticing. Fuck fuck fuck. That means they’ll be here any minute, and I haven’t even gotten started on the food…

“You okay, babe?” Michael asked.

“Yeah, I’m fine. I’m good. Just go change or whatever, I’ll get started on the cooking.”

“O...kay,” he said, clearly confused by her nervous demeanor, but too polite to say anything.

Once he was out of the kitchen, she put down the groceries and dared a glance between her legs. There was a very small wet spot, about the size of a single droplet if she’d been careless at the sink. Nothing too obvious. Now she had a problem. She needed everything ready an hour ago, preferably, but she also needed her butt on the toilet, now. She had to make a choice. Standing up straight, she was in pain, but it was a pain made duller by familiarity. It seemed like her little leak had taken the edge off. It was still very, very urgent, possibly even at that stage where the next spasm would turn her lower half into a faucet, but it didn’t feel impossible to wait another ten minutes. New plan: Just get the stew cooking, then call Michael over to watch it for five minutes while I pop to the toilet. Quick change of underwear and a little perfume, maybe. Six minutes, tops. Not even Michael could accidentally burn down the kitchen in that time span.

Nina set to work. Every time she had to bend down, she had to do it in stages: Crouch down to one knee, squeeze herself between the legs, steel herself, clench until the waves of pressure died down, then fetch whatever it was she’d so stupidly put in the lower cupboards. Once or twice she felt herself leak a little bit, but she was so close. She got the meat on the skillet with some butter, then got started chopping vegetables. Once the meat was properly browned, she pulled it off the hot plate, just in time for Michael to yell at her that they were here.

Nina crossed her legs and steeled herself. She locked down and noted that the wet spot was now the size of a thumb, but it probably wasn’t too noticeable. Surely they came here to shake her hand, not stare at her crotch. She quickly ran her fingers under some water, which caused another jolt, another tiny leak. Can’t shake hands covered in pee, now can I? That would be silly. And rude. Satisfied that she was presentable, if walking oddly, she made her way to the living room.

Hannah—that was her name—did not look like a treehugging hippie. Nina didn’t know what she’d expected, but this bubbly brunette in a black evening dress—which put Nina’s damp, worn-out jeans to shame—was not it. They shook hands and exchanged pleasantries for a couple of minutes, Nina rocking back and forth on her heel and trying very hard not to pee herself in polite company.

“You okay there, Nina?” Jacob asked.

“Y-yeah, got something on the plate,” she lied. “Be right back!”

Nina rushed into the kitchen. Five minutes, she estimated. Five more minutes of prep, then she could let the stew cook and have Michael watch it while she ran off. She managed to finish up what she’d been doing without leaking anymore, although the pain was now so bad she was hunched over the kitchen bench, subconsciously grinding into the knob of one of the drawers. She was in deep, but finally, it was all done.

Oh, crap. Just as she turned around to call Michael over to watch the stew, she remembered something Hannah had mentioned. She wasn’t a vegetarian, exactly, definitely not vegan, but she did try to minimize how much meat she ate out of concern for the environment. I better whip up a salad for a side dish, then, Nina thought. Fuck me and my empathy. She leaned down to grab a salad bowl from one of the lower drawers, and that nearly did her in.

A wave rose in her abdomen, a tsunami in the making. It broke against her tortured sphincter, and she sank down on both knees, clenching her crotch, but the wave was too powerful. She felt herself slip, let out a little leak, and then that turned into a trickle, warming her lower half. It went on forever, it seemed, although the wall clock would probably have said three seconds. She felt her hand get wet; she bit her lip and clenched and pulled at the fabric between her legs; it subsided. Almost scared to look, she rose, the salad bowl forgotten. She was still in pain, she still felt little waves threaten to overpower her, and the wet spot between her legs was now the size of a peach. Nina had to go now.

She powerwalked out of the kitchen, through the living room, ignoring the bemused looks of her guests. “Michaelpleasewatchthestewforaminute,” she fired off as she hobbled up the stairs towards the bathroom. The sight of the bathroom door nearly unmade her again. The pain was so intense, she felt herself pushing involuntarily, and then she was peeing full force into her pants. Crossing her legs, she managed to shut off the flow. Nina hobbled into the bathroom, not even bothering to close the door properly.

In five seconds, she had her pants down and she was already peeing through her panties. It splattered onto the tiles, but she had the presence of mind to lower her panties and kick the pile of clothes into a corner. Finally, she was on the toilet, gushing. Nina closed her eyes, leaned back, tried and failed to suppress a moan of pleasure. The pain had been so intense, but also lasted for so long that she’d almost gotten used to it. Having it suddenly disappear left her almost as euphoric as a good orgasm.

It lasted for well over a minute, maybe two—who’s counting? Eventually, the faucet ran dry with a little pitter-patter of a trickle. Nina opened her eyes, wiped, flushed, then rose, nude from the waist down, to face reality. She picked up the panties. Soaked, of course. It was the jeans that worried her. She picked them up and examined the crotch. On the front, there was a half-moon larger than a peach, a bit smaller than a dinner plate, with a few droplets down the thighs. The back looked about as bad, a big wet patch between the legs, not so wide as in the front, but practically dripping, all the way up the waistband. There were also small trickles down the back of her legs. She’d probably only emptied one-third of her bladder into these pants, but no one who didn’t know the epic struggle and the awesome release would guess she hadn’t had a full-blown accident. What qualifies as an accident, anyway? She mused. Well, time to face the music.

Unfortunately, the architects of her house had not considered the very specific needs of a twenty-eight year old woman who’s just peed her pants upstairs and needs to get past her guests to retrieve clean, dry clothes. She’d need to pass through the living room to get to her bedroom, as the upstairs only had the bathroom and a bedroom too small to comfortably house a double bed, so they’d made it into a home office. Nina pulled on her wet clothes and took a few deep breaths.

Walked back and splashed some water in her face to hopefully cool the rosiness in her cheeks. Truth be told, she didn’t know if she was blushing because she was embarrassed or just from the intensity of the experience. If it had been just Jacob downstairs, a friend of many years, she would have proudly showed off her accident and laughed and he would only have teased her lightly and never mentioned it again. His new girlfriend, however, was almost a stranger. Oh, well. You’ve made your bed, might as well sleep in it, she thought, and walked downstairs. She cringed as she noted a few droplets she’d left on the way.

Courage left her two steps into the living room, and she ran past her guests while mumbling something that vaguely sounded like “gotta check up on the food”. She ducked into the kitchen for appearances’ sake. Michael turned around with a grin on his face, gesturing at the stew which he had obviously managed not to ruin. His grin disappeared as he took in the state of his girlfriend.

“Oh my god, you’re soaked,” he whispered. “What happened?”

She shrugged. “Series of bad decisions and a bit of bad luck, I suppose.”

“You okay?”

“Yeah, if Hannah hadn’t been here I wouldn’t sweat it, but I’m sure she saw me like this and that’s a first impression I’d have loved to have avoided.” Nina shrugged again, trying to calm the beating in her chest. It wasn’t so bad, really, but she had to admit it was a bit embarrassing.

“She might have, I mean,” Michael gestured at her wet front, “it’s kind of obvious. But don’t worry, she’s really nice, she won’t make a big deal out of it if you don’t.”

“Yeah,” Nina said. “Might as well finish up here before I go change.”

“What?” Michael said. “You’re gonna cook in pants you’ve pissed in?” He said it a bit louder than necessary.

“Just chop a few vegetables and see to it you don’t burn the stew. When you cook, do you cook with your crotch? No wonder it tastes like dick,” Nina said, sticking her tongue out at him.

“Ha. Ha,” he said. “But seriously, just tell me what to do and I’ll do it, then you can go get comfortable.”

Nina rattled off her instructions the way you might to a five-year-old child. Michael took it in good humor. Then she took a few deep breaths and walked out of the kitchen—she’d have to pass through the living room again to make it to the bedroom. She couldn’t hide, so she just walked out and stood there, letting them take in the disaster downstairs.

“Oh my god, you really did it,” Jacob said. “I thought I saw it but this one,” and he nudged Hannah, “said I was seeing things.”

“Oh, my, I’m so sorry,” Hannah said, and then she broke into a giggle. “I’m sorry, it’s not funny, I don’t mean to make fun of you but I just can’t deal and when I don’t know what to say I laugh,” she managed to get out between giggles. Nina could see the humor in it. It was certainly silly, her, a grown woman, peeing her pants because she kept making excuses to put off going to the bathroom. She began to laugh as well, better to laugh than to cry, and Jacob joined in. Soon they were all laughing, but Hannah seemed unable to stop. She was shaking with laughter, tears rolling down her face, trying to apologize between waves of giggling. Then suddenly, she held a hand to her mouth and blushed. Nina noted that she glanced quickly down into her lap, and her cheeks were rosy red. That seemed to be the end of her fit, though.

“You okay?” Jacob asked.

“Y-yeah, I’m fine,” Hannah managed. “Just glad I was able to stop, I’m so sorry, it was funny but not that funny.”

“Don’t sweat it,” Nina said. She made her apologies and made her way to the bedroom to change.

Dinner was lovely, and no one brought up Nina’s accident again. Hannah complimented the salad, had half a plate of the stew, and several times, she told Nina she shouldn’t have made something extra just for her. She was about as lovely and ordinary as you could have hoped, and she didn’t flinch at all when Jacob and Michael started discussing Michael’s motorcycle restoration project. Perhaps Jacob had been playing it up when he described her passion for the environment: she might care, but she was no fanatic.

After dinner, the two men excused themselves to go check out the bike in the garage. Hannah waited until the two of them were out the door before she rose. “Um, this is kind of awkward, but I have a favor to ask,” she said.

“Oh?” Nina arced an eyebrow.

“Yeah, it’s a bit embarrassing, but earlier, when I had that laughing fit… I’ll just show you. I hope it’s not too weird.” She pulled the chair out from under the table, very carefully. Nina could see a shiny spot, and when she moved closer, it resolved itself into a small puddle, resting in the depression in the chair.

“Oh!” Nina said. Hannah was blushing, but Nina put an arm around her. “After what happened to me, that’s nothing, dear,” she said.

“It happens sometimes when I laugh too hard,” Hannah confided. “But this is the part that’s a bit weird. Do you think… Do you have something I could borrow? Like, underwear?”

“Oh, girl, you only had to ask,” Nina said, stifling a chuckle and guiding Hannah towards the bedroom.

Hannah dropped her voice to a stage-whisper. “It’s just, this is our fifth date, and I have a rule about fifth dates… I can’t let Jacob see me like this.”

“Oh, feel free to raid my panty drawer,” Nina said, gesturing to a drawer in the wardrobe. “You go get that tiger.” She winked dramatically. It didn’t come across as natural as her friend Danielle’s winks, but it did elicit a little giggle from Hannah. “Just put your underwear in with the dirty clothes in the hamper, I’ll throw ‘em in with my own pee pants and you can collect them later. I’ll leave you to it.”

That night, feeling a little naughty, Nina spilled the dirty clothes on the floor instead of throwing them directly into the washer. She spotted a pair of pink panties that didn’t belong to her and picked it up. There was a faded oval on the front, partially dried but still noticeably darker than the rest, and an even bigger one on the back. Damn, that wasn’t just a tiny leak, Nina thought. She shook her head, suddenly self-conscious about holding her friend’s dirty underwear, and threw them in with her own wet clothes.

The following morning, she found a text on her phone from Hannah, sent around two in the morning: “Ur a lifesaver. xoxoxo”

The thought of what might have transpired last night sent a little shiver down to her crotch. She felt herself flush, and suddenly she was overcome with horniness. She nudged her boyfriend awake and, when he tried to roll over to go back to sleep, she took his hand and placed it on her breasts. That woke him up.

She hadn’t peed since her accident last afternoon, and had to go quite urgently. But that could wait. She had other needs that held higher priority.

Nina could always wait.

