The Omo Rashi Files

Author: satyr

*000*2018-06-05 06:11

This is a bit of an experimental story. Instead of front-loading with a lengthy author's note, I put it at the bottom. Enjoy a tale of epic desperation, then tell me what you think.

People say gods don’t exist. They’re wrong. A whole pantheon of them sits somewhere in the fifth dimension, looking down on us and writing down events pertaining to their particular area of interest, more for their personal amusement than for some future karmic justice. They just aren’t the sort of gods you’re likely to be familiar with. There’s Eeroonee, who spends his time looking out for people who misuse the word “ironic” and laughing behind—if there is such a thing as behind in the fifth dimension—their backs.

There’s Pee-Zee, whose field of interest includes any and all uses of the word “politically correct.” I could go on for days. The deity you’re likely interested in, however, is one so obscure even most of the other denizens of the fifth dimension haven’t heard of him, or her, or it—for the gods have nothing so pedestrian as gender. Their name is Omo Rashi, and I happen to have procured a sample of their notebook. I didn’t exactly sell my soul for it, but it was a close thing. Suffice to say I owe the ambassador from the Fourth Circle of Hell a favor.

This is a selection of case reports from Omo Rashi’s extremely extensive notebooks. I will simply call them cases #1, #2 etc. The original follows some arcane classification scheme I can’t decipher. The deities of the fifth dimension—as best as my fifteen years of arcane studies have taught me—are near omniscient in their particular field of interest (although they may be unaware of events or facts pertaining to other matters). As one might imagine, the notes of a being privy to so much more information than any human being could hold in their head at the same time, or even comprehend in a lifetime, are quite hard to follow. Especially since they appear to experience past, present and future simultaneously, or out of order at any rate. I have therefore attempted to fashion a sort of narrative out of the chaos. Suffice to say, if the following reads like a short story, that is not the fault of Omo Rashi.

Enough babble. Let’s get it on.

Case #1

Subject: Rachel Annabel Rose

Age: 24

Height: 170 cm

Physical description: Slim, brunette, wears glasses

Last recorded daytime wetting: age seven (7)

Last recorded bedwetting: age eleven (11)

Bladder size: Above average

It was a nice morning in early summer, and the two of them were both excited to be here. As soon as the wristbands went on, Rachel let out an uncharacteristic squeal of joy. Her boyfriend and companion for the day, Aaron, shot her a quizzical look. Rachel was not one to express strong emotions in public, and when he suggested they check out this festival, she hadn’t been all that enthusiastic. For one thing, she got nervous in crowds.

“Someone’s a bit excited, I see,” Aaron said.

“I might have taken something for my nerves,” Rachel said. Indeed, she might have taken a bit much, all things considered. But that would become evident later.

“Was that a good idea?”

Rachel giggled. “Well, maybe not. But otherwise I’d be a nervous wreck when the crowd really gets going. Come on, let’s go grab some drinks!”

They were early, so there wasn’t much of a line at the beer tent. Although Aaron questioned the wisdom of mixing whatever sedative his girlfriend had taken with alcohol, he let it slide. If there was one thing Rachel wasn’t, it was reckless. She was a bit on the neurotic side—hence the need for a calming agent—and would have spent hours online assuring herself that she could indeed drink on this thing. They grabbed a beer each and settled on a bench, waiting for the first band to come on.

Actually they were here a bit early: not only was there another hour until the first band, but the acts that people actually paid to see—rather than the local warm-up bands that played earlier in the day—would not be on for many hours. Rachel, on the other hand, had wanted to go early because, as she had told her boyfriend repeatedly, she didn’t “do” crowds very well, and might need to leave early if things became too overwhelming, so she’d rather go early and catch some lesser known bands than go late, stay for an hour and then leave.

Pretty soon, she’d drained her beer and procured another. Aaron had to restrain himself from grabbing her and telling her to slow down. She was a big girl, and besides, two beers wasn’t much. Still, it was strange, seeing her like this: not just relaxed, but exuberant. This was a side of her he loved, but it was one she rarely showed in public. In the privacy of their home, or a small gathering of friends, she could be the life of the party. It was strange, but it was like there were two of her. One was a freaking rock star around whom everyone else orbited like satellites, the other was a nervous wreck who hid in a corner. The only difference was the size of the crowd: more than a dozen people in close proximity, and she’d become a wallflower. Today, however, she was not, even though the crowd definitely warranted it.

“So, anyway, how’s Amanda?” Rachel asked. Aaron shivered. Did she know? It had only been a kiss… But no, Rachel only wanted to know how their mutual friend’s job search was going. A drunken mishap one night when Rachel was out of town, thankfully, was not the topic of the day.

“Oh, you know, she’s busy sending out resumes,” Aaron said, then, thinking to change the topic before it got uncomfortable, he continued, “But anyway, this beer’s going right through me. I’m gonna go find a toilet. Come with me, that way you’ll know where they are for later.”

Rachel frowned. Her boyfriend didn’t know what she was thinking, but if there was one thing she didn’t intend on doing, it was using one of those dirty, bacteria-infested porta-loos. And she could already feel a twinge in her own bladder. Nevertheless, she dutifully followed her boyfriend to the designated area, which was indeed a vast row of portable toilets. This early in the day, there was no line. Rachel bought a bottle of water from a vendor passing by with a trolley while she waited. Better limit the alcohol intake—two beers was more than enough for a buzz in combination with her little pill. It was a hot day, though, and she was thirsty. Aaron exited the toilet as she finished off her water. “You really went in there, didn’t you? Those things are disgusting,” Rachel said.

“Oh, come on,” her boyfriend said. “They’re not that bad. Especially early in the day, before hardly anyone’s had the time to use them. Why don’t you pop in now, so you won’t have to go later?”

“I’m not going in there!”

“You’ve had what, two beers already? It’s only going to get more disgusting as the day goes on, if you think this is bad. You didn’t even stick your head inside and see what it’s like!”

“I don’t need to pee. Let’s go!” Rachel said. “I think the first concert’s about to start.”

Shaking his head, Aaron joined his girlfriend. They found a spot in the crowd in front of the smaller of the two scenes. It was a local indie rock band playing the first set of the day. Neither of them had heard of the band before, but once things got going, it wasn’t bad. The crowd was still pretty sparse, and few people knew any of the lyrics, but still, there was a general head-bobbing going on, which is about as much as you can ask for as an unknown band so early in the day. By the time the set was over, Rachel’s light-headedness had resided somewhat, and she felt ready for another beer. Her boyfriend was getting thirsty himself.

Now, friends, here is an editorial insertion: as mentioned, the denizens of the fifth dimension see and hear all, at least in their given domain of knowledge. The god of Lost Socks in the Wash might not know the exact time-table of the London tube, but it damn well knows where every last one of those single socks that always disappear inconveniently, is located. And as for Omo Rashi, nothing to do with urine, bladders, or urination is beyond his knowledge. All of this is to say that we find exact status reports about the state of various persons of interest’s bladders, and so I can inform you that at this point, Rachel’s bladder already held a good 700 milliliters of urine.

An average adult bladder is full in the 500 milliliter range. And though Rachel certainly had a large bladder, even she was not immune to the call of nature. An astute observer could spot her somewhat shaky, impatient foot-tapping when she stood still—although without knowing what to look for one might assume she was keeping the beat of the music—and the growing bulge of her bladder, pushing on and stretching the denim of her tight jeans. As for the main character herself, she was now fully aware of her need to go—it was an ever-present, nagging irritation, but she could still control herself. She could certainly keep in one more beer. Her boyfriend had not noticed anything yet, and she wasn’t intending for him to do so, either. He’d surely insist she’d go to one of those awful loos, and no amount of sedatives could get her to do that. Ugh.

The crowd was now growing thicker, and there was now a line for beer. Aaron got them a plastic cup each, and they wandered around for a quarter of an hour before they found a seat. By this point, Rachel’s bladder was nearing a full liter of pee, and even her oblivious boyfriend was starting to catch on to the fact. She was dressed in a tank top and light, faded jeans, pretty as always, but now she was seated with her legs crossed and her free hand in her lap, pretending to be resting it there but really waiting for Aaron’s attention to lapse long enough for her to squeeze.

The weather was hot, the sun was out, and the drinks were flowing, but now a slight breeze came blowing past. Rachel had grown used to the heat, and the slight cool gave rise to a shiver in her bladder. She bit her lip. Never had she even been close to having an accident, but it was only a bit past midday and she was already growing desperate. And yet there was no way she was using the disgusting facilities. A germ of concern grew in her mind. However would she last the day? When would Aaron notice and start nagging her?

At this point, dear reader, it’s time for another authorial intrusion. Those were Rachel’s thoughts, but the factsheet at the top of the case file gives the lie to her unbroken streak of dry underwear. Once, when she was seven, she had been drinking juice and watching cartoons all morning, and didn’t notice she had to pee until it was an emergency. Then her mother called her into the kitchen for lunch, and she’d made pancakes, Rachel’s favorite. As a girl, there were two things she couldn’t resist: cookies and pancakes. So she ran into the kitchen, bouncing all the while, and her mother took it for general excitement. Seven-year-olds can be enthusiastic.

All throughout lunch, Rachel squirmed. Finally, a little dribble escaped. Rachel must have gasped—here the fifth-dimensional notes are a little hard to interpret—but whatever she did, her mother caught on. She sternly reminded her daughter to take care of her natural needs, and Rachel stormed off to the bathroom. But before she could get down her shorts, it started pouring out, all over the floor, pooling neatly around the bottom of the toilet. Rachel’s mother was not pleased—not because she’d had an accident, but because she’d had an accident out of pure laziness.

Then there was the time she was eleven and, again, too much juice was to blame. That, and she stayed up late watching a horror movie—her babysitter had let her to watch something her parents would never allow—and she was too tired by the end to go potty before bed. She had a nightmare. When her mother woke her the next day, she found a dinner plate of pee on the bedsheets, and one very embarrassed daughter. But that time, her mother’s ire was reserved for the babysitter, once she learned what had happened.

So Rachel might not have been entirely honest with herself that day at the festival. But those incidents were long ago. Seven is an age at which accidents are still within the realm of acceptable mishaps during the day, and wetting the bed after watching a horror movie at eleven, too. She could rationalize that away. The point was, she had not been in trouble since she was a little girl. Rachel really did have an exceptional bladder. Whenever she went to the pub with her friends, she would go once for every two times her friends went. One time, on a road trip with Aaron, they’d both had large coffees, and he’d been desperate while she was totally fine. Aaron had to make an emergency pit stop by the roadside and barely got his dick out in time. She often teased him about that. The fact that she was starting to worry, then, was a testament to the urgency of the situation.

“Looks like it’s going to be packed,” Aaron said, and burped. He’d just drained the last of his beer. “We better get ready if we want a good spot for when the main acts come on. Speaking of, I gotta take a leak. You ready to move?”

Rachel rose, a bit unsteady. She bit her lip and tried with all her might to stand straight, but couldn’t help but do an involuntary little curtsy to keep a wave of pressure in check. Aaron raised an eyebrow. “You okay?” He asked.

“Yeah, yeah… I think my leg fell asleep,” Rachel lied. At this point, her attempts to hide her pee-dance were no longer convincing. You didn’t have to be Omo Rashi, god of pee desperation, to see that this young woman needed to pee.

“Let’s head to the restrooms,” Aaron said, giving her a look that said “that means you too.” Unfortunately, that was not the right approach to take with Rachel. Especially not when she was a bit drunk, and perhaps overcompensating a bit for her discomfort with large crowds. She’d resolved to put on a brave face, and his tone reminded her far too much of her mother. In her teens, when it became clear just what a prodigious bladder nature had endowed her with, her mother would often nag her about going to the bathroom.

She’d often forget, and rarely went “just in case.” But as a teenager, the last thing you want is for your mom to treat you like a child. Finally, her mother had had enough. It had been another one of those long road trips where Rachel never took the opportunity to pee because she simply didn’t need to. “Fine,” her mother had said, frustrated. “One day you’ll be sitting there in wet pants and begging me not to say ‘I told you so.’” That day had never come, and it wasn’t about to come today.

This time, there was a small line for the port-a-loos, even though there were plenty of them. Aaron was restless himself, dancing a bit on the spot. Rachel couldn’t resist poking him in the belly. “Had a bit much to drink, big boy?” She asked with a smirk.

The look he gave her then sent a shiver down her spine. It wasn’t malice, it was pity. She could not stand still herself, dancing on the spot even worse than her boyfriend, and yet she was the one poking fun and insisting she was fine. Another wave of pressure wracked her body, and she had to resort to a squeeze in full view of everyone. It dawned on her, then, that she could not keep this up all day. And yet she could not use those… Things. So Rachel did a very stupid thing.

While Aaron was in the toilet, she grabbed a beer from a nearby stall and downed it all before Aaron came back. She needed to calm her nerves. But more than that, she needed to limit her fluid intake. She almost coughed up some of the beer and had to collect herself so she didn’t vomit—not because she was that drunk, but chugging can do that to the best of them. Rachel was determined not to let her boyfriend know, and she just managed to gulp down the last of it and throw away the cup before he returned. Aaron had a very relieved look on his face. Rachel’s must have been a blank mask, so hard was she trying to look unconcerned. She was now holding at least 1.1 liters, and she’d downed another pint. Rachel was in agony, and her troubles were only just getting started.

“You sure you don’t want to…?” Aaron tried.

“No! Let’s go and get a nice spot.” She was resolute.

Then a cosmic coincidence occurred. Perhaps good old Omo Rashi had a hand in it. I don’t understand the rules governing the interference or lack thereof well enough myself. I don’t know if they merely observe, or if they sometimes act to influence events in our universe. In any event, as the couple were making their way towards the main stage, they ran into Amanda. You might recall, the girl Aaron had fooled around with a few months back—long after he and Rachel became exclusive. The three were mutual friends, and Rachel had no idea what had happened. Amanda almost rushed straight past them, but then she caught herself. Apparently she was in a hurry.

“Amanda!” Rachel yelled. Rachel didn’t notice, but her boyfriend cringed. This was the last thing he needed. Amanda stopped in her tracks, swiveled around to face them. She was a bit unsteady on her feet.

“Oh, Rachel! Fancy meeting you here!” She said. Her tone was studiously neutral. She couldn’t know whether Rachel knew. Rachel, for her part, was trying her best to hide her desperation. And it takes one to know one: She could clearly see that Amanda was in dire straights herself. The petite blonde was dancing on the spot. She must have been headed to the loos. And was that—yes it was. The realization sent a wave of pressure to Rachel’s bladder, and she had to double over to keep control. Between Amanda’s legs, where her legs met her shorts, was a small damp spot.

“I really can’t talk...” Amanda said. “Kind of an emergency. You don’t look too comfortable yourself, Rachel. Want to come with me to the toilets?”

Rachel blushed. Aaron stood beside her, wishing he could find a hole in the ground to disappear into. The last thing he wanted to do was stand here chatting with the girl he almost-kinda-sorta cheated on his girlfriend with, with his girlfriend right next to him. His next least favorite thing about the whole situation was how obvious it was that his girlfriend was desperate. On the one hand, he could save her some embarrassment if he managed to convince her to go with Amanda—for surely not even Rachel’s bladder could stand a whole concert in her state—but then they might get to talking, and things better kept under wraps might come up. Luckily for our hapless antihero, Rachel simply smiled, said she could hold it until after the concert, and told Amanda they’d catch up next time. Amanda was gone in a second. The wet spot, viewed from behind, had grown an inch while they’d been talking.

Unfortunately, in the copious journals of Omo Rashi, I have yet to locate a case file on Amanda. I’m almost certain there is one, and I’m sure it’s juicy. Cross-referencing other case files hints that she’s had some incidents of her own.

Crisis averted, Aaron escorted his girlfriend to the best spot they could find, which was in the middle of the crowd. They were clearly too late for a prime spot. Rachel was now dancing on the spot, but thankfully for her, the show started pretty soon. Casual onlookers would take her for a particularly enthusiastic dancer. Halfway through the concert, a wave of pressure literally forced her to her knees. It was like a tsunami assaulting her peehole, and the pain was almost unbearable. She sank down to her heel and pretended to fiddle with her shoelaces until the worst of it was over. When she stood up, she thanked the heavens her panties were still dry. They were light pink, bikini-cut; if she and Aaron decided to get frisky later, any little leak would be obvious. And it was rapidly approaching the point where any leak would not be little at all, but a flood.

As the concert was winding down, Aaron leaned into her and whispered in her ear: “Babe, I can see you’re in pain. Let’s just go find you some relief before it goes all wrong.”

Rachel was tempted, but she had a combination of pride and trepidation at the thought of the public facilities, so she simply shook her head and continued pee-dancing and occasionally squeezing her crotch. During the encore, she crossed her legs and permanently wedged her hand between her legs. Luckily for her, most eyes were on the stage, not on an anonymous, desperate young woman in the middle of the crowd. Then the concert was finally over. A couple of local bands would play next, and it would be maybe four or five hours until the headliner on the main stage. Anybody with half a brain could see that Rachel wouldn’t last that long.

The two wound their way out of the crowd towards a sort of picnic area with some benches, next to a food stand. They didn’t speak; she, because she was too busy keeping her pants dry, and he, because he felt too awkward. They hadn’t eaten since breakfast, and he was hungry, but there were more pressing issues at hand. Rachel sat down on a bench, legs tightly crossed. A pearl of sweat flowed down her neck, nestling between her breasts. She bit her lip. Her abdomen was cramping, her eyes were watering. She had no idea what to do.

“So….” Aaron began. “You have to get over it and go. I can tell you can’t last much longer.”

She turned towards him slowly. “I… can… Make it.” She managed. “Let’s just go home.”

“And miss the headliner? The one we paid so much to see?”

“Look, Aaron, I told you I don’t do crowds very well. I’ve been compensating by getting drunk, but even that isn’t helping anymore. Please, we’ve seen a bunch of bands, we’ve had a good time, haven’t we?”

Aaron really felt for her. He really did. But selfishly, he really did want to see the last concert. And remember, this was a guy who kinda-sorta—you get my drift—on his girlfriend. But seeing her wet her pants in such a public place wasn’t high on his list of priorities.

“Fine. Okay. Let’s just go, then,” he said.

The notes, as best I can decipher them, indicate that Rachel was holding close to 1.5 liters at this point.

They got up and began heading towards the exits. Rachel had to stop several times to hold herself. She caught stares, and her face was a permanent stoplight red. But if she could only get out, then she could maybe find a café or something with a decent, nice, clean restroom. Every step was agony. Her bladder bulged out of her jeans, her shirt riding up to expose some skin in a way that might have been alluring, if she wasn’t acting like a little girl who left for the potty too late. Just one step at a time. She could do it. She had an amazing bladder capacity.

Their route took them past one set of port-a-loos. Aaron pointed them out. Rachel strolled past. Then they got to the exit gate, and apparently they weren’t the only ones who’d had enough. The gate was small, and there was a line. Apparently they had a system where you had to show your wristband on the way out, just in case somebody sneaked in. Catch ‘em on the way out, like. A stupid idea, perhaps an idea put into some festival administrator’s mind by Omo Rashi itself.

A tear rolled down Rachel’s cheek. The pain was so much. Her panties were still dry, but she was sweaty all over, in pain, dancing on the spot, squeezing herself. She wanted to tear down her pants and pee right there. But she couldn’t do that, of course. The line was agonizingly slow. Every minute, another wave wracked her. Another step closer to the flood. They were almost to the front of the line when the girl in front of them got in an argument with one of the guards. Something about having “lost” her wristband. The altercation escalated. Five minutes passed. Aaron grabbed hold of Rachel’s hand, trying to offer some moral support. She squeezed it once, then released it. She needed both her hands to do hold-it duty. Finally, the belligerent girl got escorted away by security. It was their turn.

As she stepped forward to show her wristband and get out of there, Rachel felt it. A slip in her control. A leak. She could feel her nether lips get wet, feel pee saturating her panties. She squeezed shut with all her might. Her expression gave away that something was wrong, but not what. Not yet. Nevertheless, it caught the attention of the guard. She’d just had to deal with one suspicious, quarrelsome guest, so she was probably in a bad mood. “Something wrong, miss?” Asked the security lady.

“No...” Rachel began. She couldn’t stop it. The leaks were coming. Her panties were now well and truly wet, and it would soon start dripping into her pants.

“Let me have a look at that wristband,” the woman said.

“I...” She couldn’t stop it. The leaks became a flood. Pee poured out the front of Rachel’s jeans, trailing down the insides of her thighs, creeping up her butt, trailing into her shoes. It splattered on the ground, and it kept on coming. She couldn’t stop it. She could only stand there, mortified, peeing herself in front of this suspicious security lady. The woman didn’t notice at first, but when she did, she just gaped. Finally, she mumbled something sounding vaguely apologetic and waved the two of them through without so much as a look at their wristbands.

By that point, Rachel had gotten the flow shut off, but it was a lost cause. Her jeans were soaked front to back. A little bit had gotten on her shirt, which had stuck into the back of her pants. Nobody could doubt that she’d well and thoroughly pissed herself, like a little girl. Like that time with the pancakes when she was seven.

If you want the details, she’d held 1.6 liters when she burst, and emptied about a liter of that in her pants. She still had to pee, but it was under control for now.

Aaron didn’t know what to say. Neither did she. They walked in silence. Well, aside from the squishing sound of Rachel’s wet sneakers. Her bladder weakened, Rachel had trouble keeping what was left in. A few yards outside the entrance, Rachel gave up. She sank down in a toddler-ish crouch and peed the rest of it straight through her pants onto the ground. At this point, she’d had enough of the pain. It couldn’t get worse than this, right?

When she looked up, there was Amanda, of all people. Aaron was probably more embarrassed than either of them, for what Amanda said was simply, “Oh my god! You too?”

I said I couldn’t find a case file on Amanda. I did say I found references to incidents in other case files. Amanda’s shorts were soaked. Clearly, she hadn’t made it—perhaps the very conversation she’d had with Rachel had been the straw that broke the camel’s back. Or perhaps it was Omo Rashi’s hand involved again, because Amanda’s appearance saved the day for Rachel. She’d been about ready to cry, but here was another girl, a friend—as she saw it, not knowing of Amanda’s indiscretion—who’d just gone through the same thing.

Aaron had no interest in sticking around this mess. He’d been trying to avoid Amanda ever since you-know-what happened between them. Not because he regretted it, so much as because he feared getting caught. Amanda, for her part, was genuinely sorry. But that’s neither here nor there. Aaron invented an excuse to disappear, suddenly wondering whether he’d turned off the stove back home, leaving two soaking wet girls alone together. The two decided to head to Amanda’s place, which was closer. Rachel had a shower and borrowed some clothes. They swapped their stories of misfortune, and it turned out that each had their accident for much the same reason: they found the port-a-loos disgusting. And so at the end of the day, they were able to laugh at and with themselves, and no tears were shed over this catastrophe.

Thus ends Case File #1 of the Omo Rashi Files.

Author's Note

As mentioned, this one is a bit of an experiment. I figure it's a place I can stuff disconnected stories when inspiration strikes. I'm experimenting with several things here, and I'm not sure if they work, but it's good to try something new. For one thing, I'm doing third person omniscient, which is something I never do usually. For another, it has an element of metafiction. There's a narrator that exists outside the story yet continually intrudes on it to comment or joke or be sarcastic. Sometimes, the narrator rambles on for a bit. This is intentional. Whether it works or not is up to you to decide, but I didn't write it that way on accident.

Unless this story is a horrible flop I'll probably (but no absolute promises!) throw up another case file or two soon. Not necessarily this long. Some might be shorter. I tend to have periods of extreme productivity and then long periods of no activity. I have a folder full of drafts, some almost finished, and none felt quite right. So this time I just tried to write something silly and hot and then I just put it up here.

*003*2018-06-05 21:16

When it rains, it pours. Thus it is with my creativity, anyway.

Cases #2-4

Subject: Lily van Zant

Age: 16

Height: 159 cm

Physical description: Average build, dark hair

Last recorded daytime wetting: age four (4)

Last recorded bedwetting: age three (3)

Bladder size: Above average

Subject: Alicia van Zant

Age: 36

Height: 165 cm

Physical description: Average build, dark hair, stylish businesswoman, looks near a decade younger than her age

Last recorded daytime wetting: age two (2)

Last recorded bedwetting: age six (6)

Bladder size: Exceptionally large

Subject: Sophia Olsen

Age: 16

Height: 172 cm

Physical description: Slim, pretty blonde, braces

Last recorded daytime wetting: age sixteen (16)

Last recorded bedwetting: age sixteen (16)

Bladder size: Small

This was so embarrassing. Why did her mother have to make her do this? Couldn’t she have done it for her? Sophia circled the store four times before she finally got up the courage to turn to the diaper section—her section. Now she was stood in line holding nothing but a pink package of pull-ups for girls. A smiling girl about six years younger than Sophia was shown on the front. “Discreet, for night-time and occasional daytime use,” the label read. When it was her time to pay, the shade of her face left little doubt that these were intended for her, rather than a younger sibling. The lady at the counter gave her a sympathetic smile. A teenage boy behind her audibly snickered.

But there was nothing else to it. Her mother had made her buy these for her upcoming trip, and she had every reason to. Sophia had always had a small bladder. And she’d never been good about making it to the bathroom on time, no matter how hard she tried. And she did try hard. It just never worked out. She had leaks almost daily, weekly night-time accidents, and she’d wet her pants at school twice this year alone. At age sixteen! It was terrible. Kids called her Pissy Missy behind her back. But in the past year, she’d really thought she was getting it under control. It had been a while since a major daytime accident, and she’d only wet the bed once this month. (Editorial note: Not true. She’d only soaked the bed once that month, but had most certainly made her sheets damp a dozen times.)

Now she was going on a skiing trip with her best friend Lily and Lily’s mom, and Sophia’s mother had insisted she get a handle on the problem. She didn’t want Sophia wetting somebody else’s car, or hotel bed. And strolling out of the store, blushing at how see-through the plastic bag that held her package was, Sophia could see the sense in it. But that didn’t mean she had to like it. Now, surely, the worst of it was over. She’d gotten through the ordeal of buying diapers for herself in public—calling them pull-ups was just a ploy for kids to feel more grown-up; these were most definitely diapers, built to handle urinary accidents. Now all she had to do was tell her friend about them—but Lily knew all about Sophia’s problems. It couldn’t be so hard, could it? And maybe Sophia could finally have some peace. A quiet moment without the constant worry, the constant need to ascertain the location of an available restroom.

The day came. It was going to be a long road trip to the ski resort, so Sophia dutifully donned her infantile new undergarments, and stuffed the package in her backpack. She also lugged along a suitcase with assorted clothes and other things she thought she’d need. The skiing gear itself they’d rent on location.

“Hey sweetie pie, what’s in the backpack?” Lily asked as her best friend slipped in beside her in the back seat. Although they were friends, Lily had always seen Sophia somewhat like a younger sister. It was something to do with her youthful demeanor, her innocent naivete, and of course, her proneness for wetting accidents. The fact that Sophia was taller and had a fuller, more womanly figure, that she’d gotten her first period a year earlier, and probably knew more about geopolitics or ancient philosophy than even Lily’s mom, didn’t enter into it.

Now Lily was curious what strange supplies were so important they had to be brought into the car, instead of in the trunk, yet were big enough to require a backpack. Could she… No. Sophia was far too innocent to have done something so brazen as smuggle alcohol into a car with Lily’s mom in the front seat. Lily’s curiosity was certainly piqued further when her friend only blushed at her question. Lily took a sip of her coffee—she was a caffeine junkie, and it was early—and thought, this better be interesting.

They’d been half an hour on the road when Sophia finally worked up the courage to tell her friend what the hell the deal was. She leaned in conspiratorially and whispered: “So, about the backpack?”

Lily nodded, encouraging more detail.

“Uh, this is really embarrassing… Promise you won’t laugh at me?”

“Of course not,” Lily said. Sophia didn’t notice, but Omo Rashi’s notes indicate that Lily was already crossing her legs at this point. All casual-like. “You can tell me anything.”

“So you know how I, uh, I sometimes, you know, I… I sometimes have accidents,” Sophia stammered. Somehow, buying the damn diapers in public was less embarrassing than admitting to it to her friend, one-on-one. This was a personal conversation, not an impersonal, anonymous transaction. “Er, my mom made me get these...” Sophia opened the zip on the backpack slightly to show off the package.

Lily had to swallow down a laugh. It wasn’t polite to laugh at her friend, but really, pink diapers? But then again, she did pee her pants like, all the time. Lily, on the other hand, had a large bladder and rarely had any trouble with it whatsoever. She’d been well trained by her mother. In fact, Alicia van Zant was something of a fanatic. She was a camel, and expected her companions to be the same, especially her daughter. She would never go out of the way to relieve herself, and wouldn’t do anyone else the courtesy either.

Even with Lily’s natural gifts, she’d had a couple of close calls over the years, due to her mother’s refusal to find her somewhere to pee if it involved even a minor detour. But knowing this, it was probably a good thing Sophia had taken precautions. Lily’s mom wasn’t cruel, not really—she was actually a rather nice woman who doted on her daughter. She simply had a blind spot when it came to the call of nature. But still, even she wouldn’t just smile and shake her head if her daughter’s sixteen-year-old friend pissed all over her expensive car seats.

“That’s brilliant,” Lily said. “I mean, are you, like, wearing one right now?”

The blush on Sophia’s face told it all.

“It’s okay. I won’t tell anyone—well, maybe mom, she’ll find out anyway, but nobody at school,” Lily swore. She had done herself the disservice of not taking her morning pee that day, and so she hadn’t been since after school the day before. For once, Lily was the one in more dire need of a pee, although it was nothing like a true emergency yet. Besides, she’d been in dire straights before and managed to stay dry. And she knew her mother wouldn’t stop, so she couldn’t even be bothered to ask.

They’d gotten started early, and Sophia hadn’t slept well the night before, both excited about the trip and worried about the ensuing situation with the diapers, so after a while, she excused herself and closed her eyes. Soon, she had drifted off into sleep.

Meanwhile, Lily was starting to feel the pressure. She now had trouble sitting still. She bit her lip. She gave her crotch a quick squeeze. She prayed to the gods that the trip would be shorter than predicted. Lily tried conversing with her mother to distract herself, but it didn’t work. Finally, she was about to ask her mother to stop, but then they passed a rest stop with a sign that indicated the next one was a long ways away. Fuck, she thought. She was already in more trouble than she’d been in years. After a while, Lily grew completely quiet, with a hand permanently lodged between her legs. Maybe she shouldn’t have been so cavalier about her friend’s diapers after all.

Sophia was sleeping blissfully, and at some point, trickled into her underwear. Nevertheless, her pants stayed entirely dry. It was all contained, although she’d wake up to an embarrassing, cold wetness around her bum area.

Now it was crunch time for her friend, although Sophia didn’t know. Lily knew she couldn’t last much longer. She might actually have her first real accident since she was potty trained. Unless… The diapers! She quickly shook her friend awake. “Whaa—?” Sophia said. She could feel the wetness around her bum and was afraid she’d been awoken to the fact that she’d pissed the seat, but the seating was dry. And yet her friend seemed frantic.

“Sophia, the diapers!” Lily whispered in a hiss. “I really, really gotta go and there’s nowhere to go and I can’t hold it any longer! You gotta help me out!”

Sophia looked at her friend in a new light. This was the first time she could ever remember seeing Lily desperate to pee. And apparently desperate enough that she’d be willing to resort to diapers—an undergarment which Sophia was certain her friend had been mocking in her mind, if not to her face, a few hours before. And yet, obviously she couldn’t let her friend pee herself. Or, well. It looked like it was going to happen whatever she did, but maybe she could spare Lily’s pants and the seats.

“You really want one? You can’t hold it?” Sophia asked.

“Yes! No! I mean, I do!” Squirming like a child, Lily was in no state to speak coherently. “Please, give me one. I’m going to try and shimmy out of these pants before I wet myself.” Lily began working on her pants, unbuckling her seat belt, then she had to stretch down to get off her shoes, and felt a slight leak as she bent over and pressurized her bladder. Her first leak since kindergarten. (Editorial note: Not quite true. But close enough.) All this, while hoping to god her mother wouldn’t happen to look in the rear-view mirror. The commotion did cause her mother to inquire what was going on, but Sophia quickly said they were just a bit restless and promised to keep it down from there on out. Alicia, herself carrying a good melon of a bladder of pee, was oblivious. Her control was so great, and she’d trained her daughter so well, that the operation now ongoing in the backseat was far beyond her ability to imagine. Alicia kept her eyes on the road.

Lily now finally had her pants off, still dry, and then she yanked off her panties. They were not dry. There was a wet spot between the legs the size of a peach. Her friend stared wide-eyed. Lily had started to wet herself! Even as she slipped the panties off her feet—to desperate to be embarrassed about her state of nudity—a tiny trickle escaped her slit and fell onto the seat. Sophia quickly handed her friend one of the pink diapers, and Lily just about got it up her hips before the floodgates let loose. The hiss was audible. Thankfully, Alicia had turned on the radio, so it was only audible in the back seat.

Lily felt warm all over—her face, out of embarrassment, her bum, out of wetness, and somehow, in between her legs, in a sort of ecstatic relief that made her shudder. She wasn’t entirely naive to the ways of human sexuality, but Lily could never have imagined a relief so sweet that merely releasing her pee—in her underwear no less—could be arousing, and yet somehow… Now there was a problem. The pull-up wasn’t designed for a flood such as this, and once she’d gotten going… “I can’t stop it!” Lily gasped. “I need another one!”

Sophia was amazed. She’d released a little stream of her own into her pull-up as a kind of bodily, subconscious empathy, and yet hers was nowhere near saturated after two wettings. Her friend really must have been desperate to flood one and be in need of another. But how was she going to keep the seat dry if she couldn’t stop?

“Just give it to me!” Lily hissed. Sophia handed over another pink little thing to her friend. Lily solved the problem inelegantly by simply lowering the sodden diaper slightly, still trickling into it, and simply pressing the new, dry one onto her crotch, sort of wedging it into the other one. It wasn’t a graceful operation, but she managed with minimal spillage. By now, finally, she was running dry. Lily could feel an ocean of warm urine pooling around her bottom. She couldn’t believe this had happened to her—to her! All because of her stupid mom and her stupid policy. (Another editorial note: It is entirely possible that Alicia would indeed have stopped, had her daughter asked. But she’d so thoroughly ingrained in her daughter the idea that ladies do not pee until absolutely convenient, her daughter was prepared to pee in a diaper before asking for a rest stop.)

Somehow, perhaps by the intervention of old Omo itself, Alicia never noticed anything going on in the back seat. It was rather incredible, but she kept her ears tuned to the radio and her eyes on the road, and never noticed her daughter’s total accident in the backseat. Well. Lily would later argue that she totally didn’t have an accident, since she didn’t actually pee in her pants—even though she’d uncontrollably emptied her entire bladder into her underwear. But that’s semantics. Old Omo Rashi knows, that sure counts as an accident. At sixteen, Lily’s bladder had finally defeated her will.

Sheepishly, Lily lowered her two sodden diapers and deposited them in a plastic bag Sophia had brought for just such a purpose, then wiped her legs down with some wet wipes and put on her wet panties and dry pants. Sophia hid the bag away in her backpack. She’d planned for such an eventuality. There was an awkward pause. Neither girl knew quite what to say. Finally, Sophia whispered, “I’m so sorry that happened to you. I’ve been there, only, like, much more publicly.”

Lily was embarrassed, but she was simply too relieved, to worked up, to really let any emotion show. She only nodded and mouthed a “thanks.” Besides, she had a curious urge to touch herself down there which was entirely unlike her. She should feel dirty—her panties were wet with pee, after all, and she’d just done something her mother had portrayed as the gravest sin a girl could commit since Lily was barely out of diapers (the first time). And yet, she was curiously aroused. Sophia took the flush in her friends cheeks for embarrassment, thankfully. She did have plenty to be embarrassed about, after all.

The rest of the journey was uneventful. Sophia had watched her fluid intake, and although her bum was sodden by the time they arrived in the evening, nothing had leaked. She walked a little bow-legged, her underwear puffy between her legs and probably visible if one knew what to look for, but her friend only gave her a sympathetic pat on the shoulder. Lily would be able to change soon.

By this time, even Alicia was feeling a certain urgency. She was holding a full day’s worth of pee, and hadn’t stopped once. It never entered her mind. Now, she knew she would have to give in soon, but she wanted to settle the growling in her stomach first. Before they even checked into their hotel, she pulled into a restaurant. Lily was happy for it; she was hungry, too. Sophia, a little less so, since it meant having to walk around in a drooping wet diaper a while longer, but she resolved to bring her backpack and wet wipes into the restaurant and change in the restroom. The restaurant happened to be Mexican. The significance of this will soon become apparent.

Sophia managed to get changed out of her sodden diaper as they were waiting for their food. It was high time, too: a tiny trickle had trailed past the leak guards and down her thigh, although the only thing visible on the outside was a tiny patch that might have been a careless splash of water from washing her hands. Thankfully, the restroom was deserted, so Sophia didn’t have to sneak around to deposit her diaper. She smiled as she put on a dry one, happy to have gotten this far with dry pants. And she smiled again, thinking of her friend—not that she was happy that Lily had had a massive accident, but now at least the two shared a urinary pact of sorts. It made her feel more grown up, knowing she wasn’t the only sixteen-year-old who still had accidents.

The girls chatted amiably during dinner. Alicia, however, had grown taciturn. She was discreetly crossing her legs under the table. Although she would never deign to use a public restroom until her piss was literally knocking at the gates of her urethra, she definitely planned to avail herself of the facilities as soon as they checked into the hotel. Adding food to her belly abated her hunger, but it added an unpleasant fullness to an already strained area of her anatomy. Alicia was too much of a lady to squirm where she sat, dressed in slacks and a blazer like the businesswoman she was, but it was a close thing. When they were finished eating, she was quick to get the bill and even quicker—speed limits be damned—to get them to the hotel.

I must intrude on the story yet again, dear reader. Excuse me if I interrupt your fappy thoughts, but I feel the need to insert a philosophical aside. I think Omo Rashi is a trickster. I think he/she/it likes to prank people, likes to put roadblocks in the way of continence just to see what happens. To test your mettle, or to amuse the old god, or whatever alien motivations move the minds of the fifth dimension. I cannot otherwise explain what happened next. It could have occurred naturally, but the speed with which it set in makes me suspect supernatural intervention. Or at least, cosmically bad luck for poor Alicia van Zant. She’d booked them for a family room. The girls had been best friends almost since they were born, and were used to sharing a bed. Lily had experienced the unpleasantness of sharing a bed with a wetter on more than one occasion. But this also meant there was only one bathroom for the three of them to share.

And whether it was simply unfamiliar spicy food or actual food poisoning, both girls got violently ill, and it set in about as soon as they set foot inside the room. The girls took turns occupying the bathroom for the rest of the night, emptying themselves out both ends—sorry for the disgusting expression, but there is no pretty way to describe the effects of food poisoning. Poor Alicia was forced to sit awkwardly on the bed, pretending to watch television with her hands in her lap. She’d now gone close to twenty-four hours without a pee, and she was more desperate than she’d been in living memory. It was only by a colossal force of will that she was able to hide her desperation from her daughter and her daughter’s friend. Actually, she was squirming pretty badly, even resorting to holding herself openly, and on any other day, the girls would have noticed and probably remarked on it. But both of them were too busy being sick to take much notice of Alicia’s increasingly desperate state.

Here is another point in favor of my theory of divine intervention: the girls were sick all night, but then it was all over. They were perfectly fine and healthy for the rest of the trip, the first night’s illness a mere unpleasant memory by morning. It was as if some higher power had intervened specifically to leave the bathroom occupied, out of reach for Alicia. Oh, there must have been restrooms in the lobby she could have used, but Alicia was a lady, and a lady doth not urinate in a public restroom when there is a private one nearby. It just happened to be occupied continuously, all night, by a pair of very sick girls.

By midnight, Alicia was on the verge of an accident, and both girls were in the bathroom, one holding the hair as the other vomited, or some such. I won’t ruin your mood by further detailing the goings on in there, know only that they were still being sick in there, supporting each other physically and morally, and accidentally preventing the relief Alicia van Zant so urgently needed. Alicia finally decided that the bathroom was a no-go zone for her that night. She was a lady. She would persevere. After assuring herself through the bathroom door that the girls were going to be okay—they were sick, but not dying in there—Alicia undressed and settled into bed, trying to will herself to sleep. To ignore her throbbing bladder. It was the size of a water melon, and even her thin cotton panties seemed to sharply jab at it.

With her hands safely under the covers, she could squeeze herself as much as she liked. Legs pretzeled, hands on crotch, she finally managed to fall asleep. It was a minor miracle: A lesser woman would have wet herself twice over. But not Alicia. No, she slept unsoundly, but remained dry, although she dreamed of a never-ending bathroom line. At one point, the dream shifted, and she was in class, standing at the blackboard. Her teacher, a mean old hag, had commanded her to solve a complex equation in front of everyone, knowing full well that Alicia was desperate to pee. She was ten years old again, potty dancing and mortally embarrassed. She began to cry as she wet herself in front of everyone, urine pouring out from under her skirt. It splattered all over the floor, and it never ended. The mean old hag laughed. And yet in the real world, her sheets remained dry.

I have to say, reading the emotions of a god from a confusing mess of notes written in a language that doesn’t exist in this universe is no hard task. But having studied the notebooks of Omo Rashi for several years, and the arcane in general for a decade longer, I think I’ve learned to read between the lines. And I think even the god of desperation and accidents was astonished that Alicia van Zant did not wet the bed that night.

Around five in the morning, Alicia awoke with a start. She’d been holding herself between her legs in her sleep, and as she woke, she reflexively squeezed. Her panties were damp with sweat, and for a moment she thought she’d done the unthinkable. As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she looked over to the girls’ bed. Surely now would be the hour of her relief. But no: she could only make out one sleeping figure in the bed. Which meant the other must be in the bathroom. What sounded like someone dry heaving confirmed her fears. Foiled again.

Now she was beyond desperate. She was on the verge of disaster. Alicia squeezed and squirmed. She clenched her muscles for all they were worth, retained an iron grip on her panties. Waves of pressure wracked her body. It was like an ocean crashing against a set of cliffs, and they had been doing so for ages. Even stone crumbles under such pressure over time, erodes. Even an iron will, a bladder of steel, a rock of sheer willpower must eventually fail. Alicia let out a moan as another wave overtook her. She arced her back up involuntarily. It felt as if someone had taken a sledgehammer to her bladder. It pounded on that rock hard protrusion. She felt her eyes water. She stayed in that awkward position for a minute, clenching with all her might. When she finally felt like the worst wave had passed, Alicia sank down again, exhausted. And just like that, it happened.

As soon as her bum made contact with the sheets, her bladder burst. It wasn’t a leak. It wasn’t a trickle. It was a biblical flood. Alicia moaned and tried in vain to will herself to clench shut, but to no avail. The pee saturated her panties and began pouring out onto the sheets. In no time, she was lying in a huge puddle. It crept up under her butt, soaked into her nightshirt. There was nary a dry spot on her panties. She kept going for close to three minutes. She was so exhausted, she simply gave in. Alicia van Zant peed the bed and fell asleep shortly thereafter, in her pool of pee.

For those curious, the notes state that at the time it burst, her bladder contained an astonishing 1955 milliliters—close to two liters—of urine. And as if that wasn’t enough, she wet again in her sleep a few hours later.

“Wakey, wakey, sleepyhead!” Lily’s chipper voice woke her mother. Apparently, once she’d purged herself of whatever foul toxins she’d eaten at the restaurant, her health had improved dramatically. The same could not be said for Alicia’s state. She, who had always admonished her daughter never to give in to her need, was lying in a cold, wet bed. An extremely, thoroughly soaked bed. As a woman in a man’s world, Alicia van Zant had conditioned herself to always remain in control. Of her bladder, of her emotions. She could not allow herself a moment of weakness, or she’d never be taken seriously. And yet, at that moment, she broke. Alicia burst into tears. Lily was astonished. She’d never seen her mother cry.

“What’s the matter, mom? What’s wrong?”

Both girls gasped as Alicia gingerly removed the covers, revealing the wetness underneath. Lily could not believe it. Her mom had peed the bed? Had hell frozen over night? And yet the evidence was right there. Sophia, dressed only in a shirt and a damp pull-up, climbed out of bed and walked over. She’d been there so many times before. She instinctively knew what was needed. Sophia walked over and hugged her best friend’s mom tight. She didn’t understand what or how or why, but she understood what was needed. Lily made it a three-way huddle.

Nothing more was said of this incident during the trip. Well, the girls might have whispered among themselves, but outwardly they pretended like it had never happened. Alicia had to have a very awkward conversation with the hotel staff, explaining that yes, there was a pee-stained mattress in her room, and no, it wasn’t her “one of her daughters”—they just assumed, she didn’t correct them—who had done it. It was all her. By this point, however, she’d regained her composure, and was all business. Of course she had wet the bed. It was just a thing that had happened, and it needed dealing with. She would pay, just get it cleaned up before nightfall. Her pride might be humbled, but her personality remained the same.

On the way home, Lily borrowed another pull-up. She stayed dry. Sophia did, as well. As for Alicia, of course she did—she never had trouble containing her bladder. It took divine intervention to make Alicia van Zant wet the bed. At least that’s what I believe. And I think that’s what she believes, as well. I don’t think she could handle the idea that she might be at fault for her ultimate embarrassment.

Thus end case files #2, #3 and #4, which I’ve combined for narrative structure.

