Star Wars omorashi story edit

Author: starwarsomo

*000*2025-12-19 05:54

Star Wars omorashi assortment

1. OC female stormtrooper (edit)

2. Suu Lawquane jungle (revised)

3. Pryce meet Vader (edit)

4. Pryce in wild (revised)

5. Sabe and Vader (revised)

Stormpooper alternate edition

TK-1734 marched down the stark corridors of the Imperial Star Destroyer, her white stormtrooper armor gleaming brightly under the white lights. She was a seasoned Stormtrooper, loyal to the Empire and dedicated to her duty. But today, duty was taking on a whole new meaning.

As she patrolled the ship's decks, a sudden urge to pee seized her body, causing her to wince lightly beneath her helmet. She drank a large amount of water earlier, maybe too much, and now her aching bladder felt like it could burst. Sweat was coming down her forehead, as she fought to maintain her calm around fellow troopers, but the pressure had only begun. Ignoring the discomfort, TK-1734 continued her rounds, trying to focus on the task at hand, patrolling the seemingly endless Star Destroyer. But with each passing minute, the urgency in her bladder grew more intense. She shifted from foot to foot inside the turbolift, desperate for relief anytime soon. Minutes dragged on like hours as TK-1734 fought to keep control over her bladder, her confident marching turning into tight waddling. She glanced around frantically, searching for any sign of a refresher unit, but each passing moment only heightened her desperation.

Finally, unable to bear it any longer, TK-1734 excused herself from her patrol and rushed towards the nearest unisex refresher she could find. But as TK-1734 approached, she was met with a sight that made her courage crumble... a line of fellow stormtroopers were queued outside the door. TK-1734 painfully joined the line, her bladder reaching it's peak capacity as she clutched her abdomen with both hands. The urgency intensified, sending sharp waves of discomfort through her abdomen. She clenched her muscles, feeling as though she might lose control at any moment and embarrass herself in front of other troopers. The other troopers all stood emotionless in line, seeming to have no emergency, unlike TK-1734.

"Please," she attempted to plead with the trooper in front of her as she moved down the line, her voice strained, "I really need to go. Can you let me in front?" The trooper glanced back at her, his expression hidden behind his helmet. "Orders are orders. Lines are lines." TK-1734 tried again, her desperation clearly in her voice. "Please, I really can't wait much longer. It's an emergency!" But the trooper merely shook his head, unmoved by her pleas.

Hopping occasionally and bending down to maintain control over her bladder, TK-1734 realized there was no relief in sight if she stayed in line. She groaned and left the line, racing through the ship's corridors, her steps echoing loudly down the halls. She dodged past crew members, her focus solely on finding a restroom, she could not spare another moment of standing in place.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity of running left and right, TK-1734 stumbled upon a desolated store room tucked away in the maintenance level of the ship. With a surge of relief, she burst through the blast-door, breathing heavily as she scrambled to lock it, which she realized it have none so she still able to shut it.

With trembling hands, TK-1734 quickly scrambled with her lower armor, tossing the plastoid plates aside, and ripping her black, spandex, under-armor apart, however, before she could pull off her spandex her bladder gave up completely due to the enormous pressure within...

The tension drained from her body as she finally found the relief she so desperately needed, though it was not in a dignified and appropriate way. The discomfort of her bladder eased away with each exhale as she let loose, but the discomfort of the wetness spread quickly. She closed her eyes underneath her helmet, leaning against the wall, allowing herself to fully relax for the first time in what felt like ages, as she have no point in stop herself from peeing through the drenched panties and spandex.

TK-1734 let out a long exhale, the sound echoing in the store room. She moaned as her stream continued spraying onto the floor like a miniature rainfall, making a loud sound that drained all other sounds outside. The stream was fast and strong though it was filtered by the layered garment, dragging out for as long as it could.

"That was... so... good" she gasped, a shiver of relief coursing through her as she finally relaxed her tense muscles, with the stream dying down.

As the last droplets of her discomfort fell onto the large puddle, TK-1734 opened her eyes. She had completely soaked her armour, there's no way for her to hide that stench along the way back to her quarter, she simply couldn't leave now.

She sighed to herself, and stayed squatting on the puddle o, relieved but trapped in the small store room, hoping no one will come and saw her wet herself.

Suu Lawquane

It's was warm sunny morning on Saleucami, Suu Lawquane and his husband Cut, the Clone deserter, went into the dangerous forest to hunt for food and collect some firewood.

The expedition went wel as usual till afternoon, when Suu felt the pressing urge to urinate, "Hey Cut, shall we go home now? I am feeling a bit...tired." She suggested no because she wanted to rest but because she wanted to pee badly, the duration of the trek for urine to accumulate is long enough to fill Suu's bladder full. However she didn't tell Cut about her "bladder situation" as she thought it's embarrassing. After counting the number of animal hunted, Cut agreed to return home as they have enough food and firewood for his whole family.

The way back home today is much longer than usual as every step Suu walked make her needs to pee grew even more. She jammed her hands into her crotch while walking behind Cut, hoping that she will not notice and could make it till home without wetting herself.

However, on the enroute to her homestead, which the sky started turning dark, Suu felt that she couldn't hold her pee anymore, "Cut, I am tired, I want to take a little rest, you could keep walking, I'll catch you up later." Suu said as she need to take a piss right now but she don't want Cut watching her and know that she was desperate. "Just make sure you don't rest for too long, the nexu beasts are coming out." Cut replied and continue walking.

Just after Cut turned around and out of sight and earshot, Suu rushed to a nearby bush and frantically loosen her shoulder strap and reveal her perfect pink boobs, which jiggle as she was doin a little pee dancing (the overall was meant to provide extra protection against the dangerous terrain, but for Suu, it is the only thing that covered her delicious boobs), and for now it is the obstacle that prevented her to pull down her dark blue trousers), and just before she could remove her gray panties and relieve her ached bladder, which has already soaked due to gradual leakage, she heard the roaring and the stumping sound of a pack of hungry nexu approaching.

Suu have no choice but to put all her clothes back on immediately, "So close..." she thought, and hid behide a tree,the thoughts of peeing and evading the predators flashed in her mind at the same time, she was so frustrated that her outfit was very sexy yet costs her a long time to remove it and hinder her urination, and that the pressure in her bladder was too strong that hot urine was leaking gradually into her panties even though she was jamming her crotch with both hands and both her sexy legs were stuck together firmly.

Unable to remove her garments under the tense situation and unable to resist the enoemous urge to pee, Suu's bladder continuously flow a steady amount of pee until her bladder was able to contain the pent up urine, her soaked panties were slowly saturated with more urine, they penetrated the thin fabric of panties and her trousers started dampening.

"No no no...I'm pissing myself!" Suu realised the wetness spreading quickly, so she clumsily attempted to removed her layered garments again just to prevent her pants from being even wetter, neglecting the deadly current situation.

Just when she undone the should strap buckles with trembling hands, however, it seems that the scent of urine drew the nexu to Suu, and now she was circled by hungry nexu, "Pls don't eat me..." Suu muttered as she didn't have a rifle with her to kill the nexu (it's with Cut), she could only watch as the nexu approaching closer and closer, being topless with pants and overalls on, and remained squatting her sphicter muscle twitched due to the terrifying stress of being eaten, her bladder finally gave up and unload the pent up urine that she desperately held for an entire day, peeing heavily and forcefully into her pants, the overall could no longer serve as an absorber, strong flow of urine was diverted into branches and it oozes out of the overall fabric as it was a miniature precipitation under Suu's round ass, which was heavily drenched, she screamed as one of the nexu open it's bloody mouth, ready to attack.

Suddenly a blaster bolt flew from nowhere and hit the nexu's back which caused it to yelp and bounce backward from Suu, it was Cut, firing suppressing shots from behind. It seems that when Suu was scared by the nexu beast, her scream was heard by Cut via the patched comlink on his belt, Cut came to her rescue immediately.

All the nexu were scared away and Cut go down to check on Suu just to find out she is squatting a puddle, he glanced at the poorly stripped shoulder straps and her soaked pants(as well as her sweaty naked boobs), realised what have happened, he told to Suu "Next time if you need a empty your bladder, just tell me, I will watch your backs but not you, it's nothing awkward and not embarrassing at all, just don't get into trouble and make a mess my love."

After examining the damage on her pants, Suu muttered," Oh dear...how should I explain this...mess to the kids? This is so humiliating... "

Pryce and Vader

Upon her return to the Capital of Lothal, Governor Arihnda Pryce was highly disgraced. She was hesitant to show her face anywhere, especially around the higher ranking Imperial officers. After what happened on Lothal fuel depot she chased the Spectre Rebel cell and resulting in Kanan Jarrus' death and a lacking progress on construction due to the tremendous amount of fuel incinerated in the explosion that kill the Jedi, all happened under her command. She was certain that there would be consequences of some kind.

She was called to a personal meeting by Grand Admiral Thrawn, where she knew she’d have to face his questioning and a possible demotion. She was summoned to the conference room where she would have to wait for his arrival, giving her more time to think about how she would defend herself. On top of all this, she was starting to feel a slight need to urinate. She was strong and a senior officer that watch over the whole star system, though. She was too proud to put anything above her devotion to the Empire, and this was nothing. Pryce arrived in the conference room and realized that Thrawn wasn’t there.

He didn’t say when he’d be there, which was odd. Thrawn was a detail-oriented person, someone who was very precise. He would never be late, and even if he was he’d let someone know how long it would take him to arrive. She stood there waiting about 5 minutes, and her superior still wouldn’t show. She had been nervously pacing around, occasionally pee dancing as well. As her back was turned to the door, it finally opened. However, Grand Admiral Thrawn wasn’t the one standing in the doorway. The only thing she heard after the opening of the door was that sound. She heard only the most terrifying sound in the whole galaxy and it sent shivers up her spine. The door opened and the sound that filled her ears went, “Pwwwhhhhh, Prrrrrhhhhh” and she knew who was standing behind her. Someone who was more machine than man, but commanded any room he was in. He said her name and she realized that the trouble she was in was more severe than she could ever imagine.

“Governor Pryce…”

“Lord Vader….”

“I believe it is time you explain yourself.”

Now she was really panicking. She was standing before the Emperor’s enforcer, the most powerful figure in the galaxy. Darth Vader was asking her to give him a reason why he should let her live. She had to come up with something, and fast, before she unloading the pent up urine in her pants in front of him.

“Lord Vader, I take full responsibility for what happened on Kanan Jarrus. It was I who command the troops to fire at the fuel tank that caused the explosion, I wanted to eliminate them and could snuff out that spark of rebellion before it catches fire. But I was wrong. I…”

As she kept going on, her speech became more hurried and frantic. She couldn’t even finish her next sentence. He walked closer and closer to her, and at a certain point, the only thing she could concentrate on was “Pwwwhhhhh, Prrrrrhhhhh” instead of making a plea for her life (or for a well-needed refresher break). She couldn’t even concentrate on her own bladder, as when she was face to face with Darth Vader, a strong spurt of pee forced its way out of her urethra and into her uniform. The good thing was that her pants were thick, gray and baggy, so that they would hide her accident to a certain extent.

“Your dedication impressed me, but you allowed your action slowed down the construction of the Empire's key weapon.”

“Yes, my Lord.”

“The Emperor also wishes to know how you accomplished that, how you could trace down the shrewed Rebels so accurately. "

Another spurt came out. Now she could start to feel the wetness spreading in multiple areas. She did not want to tell him the full details of what happened, because it was quite embarrassing. She explained that she traced the ship log of an abandoned supply vessel at the Lothal wasteland which the Rebels used as a mobile hideout for a short period of time. She told Darth Vader that the progress was insignificant, a routine perimeter sweep that doesn't worth mentioning. She was very tense while saying all of this, which caused serious doubt in the Dark Lord’s mind. He noticed the distress and quivering in her voice, and the occasional movements of her hands towards her private areas. He was having difficulty believing that she was telling him the whole truth.

She was nervous for two reasons, the first was that being intimidated had really increased the pressure on her already bursting bladder (and the increased heart rate and permeability of capillaries under stress have cause increase production of urine), and the second being that she in fact hadn’t told the full story of her another desperate expedition.

...Pryce could vividly rememembered that she was very desperate at the abandoned Rebel outpost in vast grassland of Lothal, she act tough but her cotton panty was already soaked though it doesn't leak through it and dampened the gray officer pants, Pryce could no longer able to resist the sweet temptation to relieve her bladder, with all others troopers were out of sight (searching the hut in the base), she may finally have a piss. But then she realized that peeing behind the pile of crates will leave a large puddle on the concrete pavement on the floor, an evidence of her misbehaviour will be hard to erase, while leaving the base and pee in the grassland is very dangerous due to predatory loth-cats and loth-wolves, more importantly she simply doesn't have much time.

"What should I do...." Pryce panicked, hands dug firmly into her crotch as she felt more pee flowing out, she looked at the empty rusty crate, an idea flashed across het mind, she quickly loosen her belt and pull down her pants and sat on the rim of it, just before she could remove her panties, her bladder gave up and prematurely relaxed, peeing heavily through the seam of the fabric, splashhh----bludbludblud... the sound of urine dripping furiously onto metal were too loud that some troopers in the hut heard that, luckily they ignored it, Pryce quickly hold her crotch with her hands to slow down the flow, reducing the noise. After a minute Pryce finished peeing, disposed her wet panty before wearing only her pants back and walked inside the hut to check on the progress of the men like nothing had happened...

She said none of that to Lord Vader, but he sensed something was off. He walked even closer to her. She felt his towering presence, and she was really fighting the urge not to flood her pants. This coldness she felt from being face to face with him was something that she hadn’t felt before, it didn’t even exist in the breezy Lothal grassland at nightfall.

“Perhaps your physical inadequacy has created weakness in you…”

Another quick spurt came out, but she stemmed the flow. Aside from her nether regions, her cotton socks and sun the leather boots were also now getting damp.

“It...it is not true, my Lord. Eliminating the Rebels is all that matters. I guarantee that I have a strong and disciplined mentality to handle any physical needs...”

He took a step back. He realized that she could still be useful, as he see through her frightened and exhausted mind.

“No matter. You must be relentless in your pursuit, I expect you not to rest until you have explained to every Lothal citizens that it is the Rebel who who destroyed the fuel tank, not by stormtroopers. You must convince every. last. one. Moreover, triple your effort to replenish the fuel wasted in the incident.”

“Yes, my Lord.”

He then turned and walked away from her but stopped as he reached the doorway. She started to feel a pinch around her neck and gripped the black, shiny table for support.

“If you fail me again, if your weakness persists, you will not live to regret it.”

He released her and left the room. Finally, the whole ordeal was over. The fear that he had brought in her forced the dam to finally break, and she peed heavily into her pants. A puddle was growing around her trembling feet as she just stood there hopelessly, her exhausted body just giving in as there was no point in holding it back as the damage was already visible, and that she couldn't hold it till she get to the nearest refresher. It was a good thing she was alone in a code-secured conference room, she was too proud to let anyone see her wetting herself like a vulnerable Twi'lek slave. The sags in her pants started to collect her steaming urine a bit, which she knew she would have to get out.

She let out significantly more than expected and she was fighting to hold back tears looking down at the big yellow puddle around her feet and the soaking wet pants she was wearing. Her socks and boots had filled up a bit too, and she would have to find a place to dump them out. Wetting her pants and the floor didn’t matter anymore, she was just grateful to have survived Vader.

After the specialized mouse droids cleaning up the floor (carelessly forgot to clear their memory core), she made her way to the bathroom to clean herself up, wringing the last of her output from her heavily stained panties and dumping out any remaining pee from her soaked pants and boots. She collected herself and was ready to head home. Finally being home was such a relief, as she began undressing. A shower was much needed after what had happened. She removed her wet uniform and placed it in the laundry pile. She was now nude and alone with her thoughts as she washed herself. She realized that she needed to be more ruthless than ever before to reclaim her status among the ranks of the Lothal Imperials, and more importantly, to prevent another humiliating accident from happening.

• Victim of the Empire: Arihnda Pryce's accident

Lothal Governor Arihnda Pryce & her troops were searching for clues that leads to the Spectre Rebels cell in the distant vast grassland on Lothal, it have nothing to see there except for giant conical rock columns and endless vegetation of grass.

Their mission is to find the flight records on the Spectre Rebel cell in a small small abandnned outpost. To keep a low profile they took a ride from the Capital to the edge of the rural zone via a Lambda-class shuttle, and have a little walk to the designated coordinate. It was a breezy, cloudy and dry afternoon when the search begins, the last time Pryce used the bathroom was 3 hours ago in her quarter, just before she left from the Imperial Complex. During the walk, Pryce drank water for several time due to the dry weather, she almost emptied her 1 litre water bottle within an hour, consequently, her bladder fills up gradually and have caused discomfort to the Governor, who have been holding her pee for 4 hours already, yet the amount she's holding now was insufficient to cause deperation.

As time goes by, the squad got closer to the destination, Pryce permitted her troops to take a short break before continuing the trek. To her surprise, the male stormtroopers were pissing toward the giant rocks as they also have held their piss for a long time, which is obviously a violation to the Imperial Law and Military protocol of public urination, however Pryce is fine with that as she knew this is a reasonable public relieve for men. Yet, the visual impact and the sound of strong urine shoots against rocks teases Pryce's 70% filled bladder, causing her divert more mindpower to hold her bladder, "I'm a senior Imperial officer, a planetary governor, I can't urinate in the public! I must hold it..."

Pryce tried to calm herself down, she stood straight with her hands resting on the sides, showing no hints of her bladder desperation. Meanwhile, the Death Trooper commander, which is also the only female in the team other than Pryce, was walking wobbly toward the Governor and spoke with a husky voice through the voice scrambler, "Governor, can I have your permission to urinate here? I know as a Death trooper, especially as a female, have to be physically disciplined and show no weakness, but I'm really desperate to urinate! Governor please!"

Although Pryce could feel how desperate the commander was by her voice, and she herself was facing the same situation as well, she rejected her plea and she explained to her that a commander is a role model & must show her loyalty to the Empire and physical strength, and of course a female urinating in the wild will make the male stormtroopers losing their focuses, the hopeless commander could only regroup with the bladder-emptied stormtroopers and continued walking with her bursting bladder as Pryce have instructed.

On the way, the breezy weather & tickling of tall grasses teases Pryce bladder and make her urge to piss increases dramatically, with superb perception she also noticed the commander was squirming subtly beneath the all-black armor, though the male stormtroopers couldn't noticed. 30 mins later they finally reached the spot: an abandoned outpost composed of a small concrete hut of typical Lothal design & some rusty cargo containers. "Search for any computers or data loggers, there might have some records on the Rebel's activities, especially those loaded with fuelling records, it helps indicate what star system did the Rebel have visited before ." Pryce order her troops, despite of her dire desperation she's always prioritize on the mission and ignored her growing bladder and search for traces leading to the Rebels and headed to the piles of cargo container.

At the same time, the young commander have reached her limit, her onesie body gloves weren't completely dry, she quickly entered the concrete hut leading her troopers behind of her, she sweeped the labyrinths like basement of the hut in search for a functional washroom but found none, she deduced that once there should be a spaceship parked at the plain outside with toilet onboard and hence it's unnecessary to have one in the hut. "...Commander? Why are you not check those computers in the room we have passed? Are you looking for something?..."

A stormtrooper asked innocently, on the verge of wetting herself, the commander realised she must come up with some plan quickly if she was to keep her armour dry. "Attention troopers! I've just received a classified transmission from the ISB agent in Capital City, I need some privacy to listen to those directives, so...emmm...just leave me alone in this storage room, is that clear?" The stormtrooper all replied "Yes ma'am" simultaneously, once the boys were all outside and manually shut the nonfunctional blast door, the commander started undoing her utility belt, "Finally I can pee..."

The commander thought as she was about to have her much needed relief, it was then Pryce entered the hut after check the cargo containers, she noticed the absence of the commander in the living room and asked one of the stormtrooper clicking the buttons on a dead electronic, before he could reply, Pryce could already heard the scrambled panting voice and the noise of pieces of armour falling on the ground, she dash into the room, saw pieces of dark armour (upper forget and gauntlets only) scattered across the floor around the commander, who were struggling to undone the stuck zipper on the back of her onesie body glove. 

"Commander! What do you thing you're doing? Put the armour pieces back on you right now! Or else you would---- " Before Pryce could finish her sentence, she was shocked by the sudden wet patch that was growing on the fabric, the commander have lost all hope & control over her tired bladder, finally pissed herself, the noise of urine splashing on the ground was so loud that everyone in the hut were attracted by it & turned their heads to her, the commander was completely mortified, urine kept gushing through the seams of the lower armour and between her fingers, witnessed others pissing was too much for Pryce's overloaded bladder...

Ending 1: In fear of wetting herself like the commmande, Pryce seized the opportunity & slipped outisde (everyone inside was staring at the commander, she ran toward the nearest tall rock with her hands holding her crotch, after ensuring that no one can see her or hear her, Pryce loosen her belt, lifting the uniform skirt piece pulling down her pant & panty, squat down & release her bladder, a strong stream of piss shoots out of her shaved pussy, piercing the grass, the relief was too great that the actually moaned, it tooks her a minute to empty her bladder. After that, Pryce regrouped with her troops and wait for the shuttle to pick them up w/ the retrieved date.

Ending 2 : Being loyal to the Empire & its laws, as well as her own ego, Pryce insisited in holding her piss despite of the fact that she's on the verge of wetting herself, disgusted by just the thought of urinate in public, in front of the stormtroopers. "When will the shuttle arrive? Pryce impatiently asked, who were squirming involuntarily with her fists gripped tightly, sweats emerging from her now pale forehead, with her abnormal squirming posture & unusual nervousness, a stormtrooper asked, "Governor, are a feeling well? You looks awful, you-do you need to urinate?"

The indirect method of asking (reducing the risk of offensing the governer) annoyed Pryce, she felt drops of urine leaked to her black, silky panty, even though she replied the stormtrooper contidently, "I'm manage to hold it trooper, as a governor. I'll not violate the low under any circumstances, it's of utmost importance to secure the dignity of - Ahhh!" before she can finish her lecture her tired pussy gave up, gallons of piss flush out from her grey trousers, Pryce immediately held her crotch with her hands with lighting reflex but failed to stop herself from urinating.

When she finally stop peeing the inner side of her pant were stained dark, & she was standing on a puddle of piss with her black beats overflowed w/ piss. After boarding the shuttle Pryce rush to the on-board bathroom & let the remaining pee out, fortunately she have an extra set of uniform for her to change.] After the incident. Pryce (& the commander) learned to control their water intake during mission.

Sabe and Vader

(Based on a Canon Star Wars comic "Darth Vader: Dark Heart of the Sith")

(Background: Right after Battle of Hoth, Vader sought revenge on those who hid the secret of the birth of Luke from him and also the death of his wife Padme )

[Background ] ...Vader arrived on Vendaxa, a dangerous tripical planet, in search for clues. Sabe, imposed as Padme, approached Vader and tried to kill him but failed inside her operation secret base. However, later, they fought side by side to defend themselves against the deadly hostile tentacled predators, and reached a consensus to unwrap the mysteries related to Padme after her death, together they boarded on a Imperial Lambda shuttle with death troopers, setting course to the senator's homeworld, Naboo...

"From the scrutiny at Senator Padme Amidala's apartment on Coruscant, we have accquired the location of the lake retreat where the senator used to reside in, more investigation can be carried out there..." Vader said, briefing to Sabe as well as the death trooper squad. Despite of her temporary cooperation, Sabe was actually plotting to kill Vader, by luring him to the lake retreat and the secret ambush will take him off-guard, she must stay alert and be vigilant, and not giving Vader the slightest hint of suspicion. But for now, there was a much urgent matter need to be taken care of--her bulging bladder--the last time Sabe used the refresher was about 6 hours ago, where she was still on Vendaxa, the liquid she consumed gradually accumulating in her aged bladder. In the past, Sabe have the perk of an iron bladder which is useful in diplomatic affairs , however, as she ages, her sphincter muscles weakened and her bladder capacity have decreased due to the reduced elasticity of it.

"Urghh-- it's so full! When will the briefing end? Please end quickly so that I can use the refresher before I humiliate myself in front of the evil Sith Lord..." Sabe thought, disturbed by desperation, she instinctively slips her hands into her crotch and stuck her thighs together, a sense of fear arose inside her, fearing if she loses control over her bladder and piss herself, she'll be a shame of Padme and the Naboo Royal House, also ruining the dignity of herself as a respected Amidalan (Amidalans are a group of people that used to work with or for Padme that grouped together to conceal the secret of her twins after her tragic death and were anti imperial revolutionists.)

Sabe wore a white rhombus-patterned insulating vest and grey trousers, fastened by a holster, she can felt a spurt of hot urine escaped her tired bladder and dampened her elastic panties, she jammed her hand even more tighter under the growing fear of wetting herself.

Lord Vader seems to have finished his briefing and walked back to his seat, the desperated Sabe seized the opportunity, stood up , "Lord Vader, if there are nothing more worth briefing, I'm going to...to be excused. As she boumced up from the cushioned seat and heading to the refresher, her body bent forward for a little in order to hold her bladder. However, Sabe was interrupted by Vader as he blocked her way at the staircase away from the cabin seats, "You're going nowhere you sly rascal" said Vader, finding this woman that imposed as her former wife untrustworthy as she attempted to assassinate him recently ,"But my Lord,... I need to...urinate badly, may I pls use the refresher?" requested Sabe.

"...Your desperation amused me, youmg one, I have never expected that will happened on a Royal Handmaiden of Naboo. You may proceed, but only under my supervision." Vader answered, "Wh-what..." Sabe stopped debating as she felt her bladder was already bursting, perhaps showing her private part to the Sith Lord is better than urinating in her pants. "I appreciate your kindness... my lord" she said with a pleasant tone but in fact disgusted by his dervish presence and his intention to supervise her urination, and hurried o the refresher with Vader following, her body wobble when she paced with mincing steps, carefully balancing herself under the shuddering cabin of the shuttle and the intensified bladder desperation.

Sabe entered the cramp refresher unit that is only an armspan wide and two armspan in length, the remaining space could just barely fits Vader. Once the door have locked, Sabe quickly unloose the belt that kept adding pressure to her already bulging bladder and pull down her thick battle trousers, with Vader watching a few tens of centimeters away, to Sabe's horror.

When she was just about to relax her bladder after slipping her thumbs to her waist where the panties' elastic rim should be, she realised she's wearing no panties but a one-piece form-fitting black body glove instead, implying that to clear a path for relieving her exhausted pussy , she must completely remove her onesie and urinate naked in front of Vader , Sabe's mind was preoccupied by the humiliating visual she imagined at the same time, a short burst of steaming piss hit the metallic dry toiley bowl w/ a "cling" sound, also dampening the crotch part of her body glove, it was really ironic that it was only the thin fabric that blocked her way but she still need to be naked to get rid of it.

"This is not happening...I am not going to do that..." Sabe thought, but under such extreme circumstances, she eventually remove her vest slowly and reluctanly, unzip the body glove and pull it down after taking a glance at Vader. Vader watched as this Padme lookalikes, revealing her large round boobs, he was somehow turned on by her body despite of her age-worn face and thining gray hair.

Unfortunately, it seems that Sabe wasted to much time on removing her onesie, that just when she pull it down below her breasts her bladder finally gave up, her sphincter muscle relaxed and starts peeing heavily through the delicate fabric into the toilet, streams of diverted yellow liquid hit the metallic toilet bowl even though she was now holding her hands on her crotch, creating loud splashing noise that was audible to the death troopers outside (the only female death trooper among the squad could notice the anomaly in the sound and have suspected what was happening on the disgraced woman), Sabe felt the spreading wetness covering her ass and her thighs as well, hopelessly letting galloms of urine slipping through her twitching fingers continuously. Her mind gone blank at the moment , with no intention to hold back a single drop of urine as the damage have already been made.

After roughly a standard minutes, Sabe finally finished peeing herself, she stood from the toilet and cover the lid, flush the toilet, as nothing had happened and nobody is watching, she was totally mortified, by Vader witness her urinating through her garments, and more importantly, being topless and vulnerable.

"Fwzzzzzz...what is the meaning of this, handmaiden? Is this part of your...plan?....fwzzzzzzzz..." Vader's words were barely audible as it was covered by his loud breathing noise, Vader couldn't believe this Sabé have many things in common with Padme, even in regard of wetting accidents, he have witnessed several time Padme wetting herself during missions or long-duration flights, especially those accidents happenes during undercover missions, he suspected that this was part of Sabes plan to escape or to kill him, but in fact the poor woman was genuinely wet herself and exposed her body merely because of inadequate physical control and choice of outfits that need to this...wardrobe !malfunction.

"It...it is nothing...I just couldn't resist the enormous urge to urinate and made a mess, I apologize for my clumsiness, my lord Vader." Sabe replied awkwardly calm as she have no chance to conceal the accident, she could only put on all her clothes back on even though the onesie is very wet, hoping that the thick trouser could cover the stench of ammonia in the mission following (which actually works).

