The First Impression

Author: soo-pis-sed

*000*2020-01-19 20:12

It's my first attempt to write a story from the third person, so excuse me if anything feels inauthentic. Also, English isn't my native language, and I'm sorry in advance for any mistakes.

"Phew, that was a looong meeting," June said, walking out of the room before Mia, "I'm so happy we can finally go for a lunch. I'm starving."

That was Mia's onboarding meeting as a new employee. It took much longer than expected, and for the last half an hour of it she just couldn't pay attention... because, honestly, she shouldn't have drunk so much coffee and dispenser water before it. June, her supervisor for the upcoming few weeks, seemed a nice person, but Mia was too shy to ask where the bathroom was - she hoped to find it by herself. And now that June had waited that long to have her lunch, it would be equally impolite to make her waste more time, or to refuse to go with her. Mia felt her face turning a little red from conscience and pressure.

"Okay, let's move," June continued, "I'll show you where we usually eat. It's a nice lunch bar."

Actually, a cafe wasn't a bad idea. There would be a WC there, for sure. Mia immediately got more confident upon the thought that the relief was near... Although at a small pace, she followed June, looking just cool.

Woah, was that place crowded! It was business lunch time, and it looked like everyone from every office in the area was there. June unhesitantly took the shortest line to the counter. Mia looked around, getting closer and closer to the bursting point. What was that mob around the corner?! Oh no... It was the bathroom line. For a second, she was about to tell June that she needed to go, and take the line. But June would probably answer "oh c'mon, we'll be back to the office in no time" or something like that. And even if she wouldn't say anything, she would definitely be annoyed by having to wait for Mia... It would be so awkward! No, there was no other way but hold through the lunch. Mia clenched her fists and hoped it wouldn't take long.

"I just love the ginger lemonade they serve here!" June exclaimed cheerfully. "You need to try it, it's awesome. I'll take a liter for us."

"Oh, count me out, I don't want to drink anything," Mia squeaked, forcing a smile.

"Just a little, to wash the food down. I promise you'll like it."

Finally they paid and sat at the table. Mia managed to keep from moaning and putting a hand on her crotch, and soon felt a bit better, probably because of the seat pressing firmly and soothingly against her sore peehole. She even got genuinely engaged in a conversation with June and drank somewhat more than a few gulps of the lemonade, which really turned out great.

And... of course that was something she regretted deeply as soon as she stood up. Her bladder immediately felt like a kettlebell. Mia staggered and squeezed her legs as hard as she could, but it didn't help at all. She really, really needed to use the bathroom, otherwise she would wet her pants. Any movement could cause leaking now. She hopelessly glanced at the WC line, and yes, it was even longer than before.

"Are you okay?" June asked. "Let's go, there's a lot I need to show you today."

"Yes, sure," Mia mumbled, doing her very best to stand straight. Their building is not too far away, she thought. Just one more step. Just one more step...

Finally there! Mia exhaled so loudly that everyone must have heard it, but she didn't care. Soon she'll take the most long-awaited pee in her whole life. Just a quick elevator ride. Just a few seconds.

...With a jerk that almost made Mia's bladder pop, the elevator stopped. What?! No! This can't be real. This can't be happening! She pressed one button after another frantically, but of course it was of no use.

"Seems like we're stuck," June sighed. "Are you panicking? I hope you're not claustrophobic?"

"No," Mia gasped out. She was leaning against the wall, huge drops of sweat running down her face and neck, teeth clenched in a grimace. Every muscle in her body ached from tension, but it couldn't help, she just couldn't hold anymore.

"Oh, I see..." June said sympathetically, "you need to pee... You should've gone after lunch, I'd have waited for you! Is it really that bad?"

"Ah, no, not at all," Mia whined, knowing it was an obvious lie, but too embarrassed to admit the truth. Her face was on fire. Trying to hide her condition was already useless, though; she was definitely leaking. And about to cry, too. Mia took a deep breath.

"How long do you think it can take?" she asked almost apathetically. No matter what the answer can be - five minutes or five hours - she doesn't have this time. She's pissing herself.

"Such thing haven't happened before," June replied, "so I have no idea. Mia, I'm sorry but I can clearly see it's an emergency. I know it's not the kind of help that is easy to accept from a random person, but, listen, I have a pack of adult diapers in my bag. Bought them this morning for my grandma. Fancy one?" June pulled one diaper out and waved it in the air.

Mia stared at her in an utter shock. "No, June, I can't do it!" The next moment she felt a big spurt escaping her exhausted bladder and screamed helplessly. She was too scared to look down, but realized that her light blue jeans were turning darker between her legs. Mia couldn't help tears running down her cheeks. Soon they'll be saved from this elevator, but nothing can save her from humiliation. It's her first day on her dream job, and the last as well. She won't be able to deal with all these people after facing them in completely soaked pants. Quitting is the only option. Except...

"June, please," she whispered, "give me that thing." With a compassionate smile, June handed it. "Promise you won't watch."

"How could you think I'd want to!" grunted June, acting very insulted, and covered her eyes with both hands.

So, it was unthinkable, but Mia was about to do it. She unzipped her jeans - by touch; she couldn't even see her pelvis because of a bulge so big she hardly believed it could be stored inside her body. She was ashamed to even look at the diaper in her hand, but she had no choice. She unwrapped it and put it between her legs.

The moment it touched her privates, the stream got unstoppable. Mia peed and peed and peed, without thinking of the sound, the smell, or diaper capacity - she couldn't do anything about any of these things anyway.

Finally, it was over. She zipped her pants back and tucked the diaper inside as deep as she could. The wet patch was relatively small, and she hoped there would be a dryer in the office bathroom.

"June... Thank you so much."

"At your service," June grinned, "I'm your supervisor, remember? Now what's that sound? Are we moving?"

In a few seconds, the doors opened, and Mia saw a bunch of colleagues cheering for their escape. Still slightly light-headed, she could only think of how lucky she actually was. "I'm off to a good start, after all!"

