Piltover's Pathetic

Author: Splishy

*000*2020-02-25 22:40

An old league story I wrote years ago, though I should finally share it to the proper site.

Sirens screamed through the city streets of Piltover as a police car tore down the street. Inside the speeding car was one of the city’s best cops, a pink short haired woman named Vi. Vi wasn’t your usual officer of the law though as she grew up as a criminal, which gave her an edge dealing with them. Even with her street smarts she still had a tendency to act rash and not think her actions through and often got herself in troublesome situations. Making one last hard turn, Vi wondered if this was going to be another one of those situations, but only for a minute as she pulled up to a large abandoned warehouse.

Moments ago, someone reported that the psychotic woman known only as Jinx was spotted lurking around this warehouse. Vi the only office near the building so she rushed to it as quickly as she could, despite her sheriff telling her to wait for backup. Vi wasn’t going to risk this psycho escaping the law like she had many times before. Jinx caused the city and police force so much pain, ranging from childish insults to deadly pranks and out right terrorism. Vi wasn’t going to give her a chance to cause anymore carnage. She stepped out her cruiser, revealing her uniform, which was made up of corset like top with a black tie, still revealing much of her large breasts. Her lower half was covered by tight polyester pants and knee high combat boots. All of this was a colored dark blue, minus the boots, which were pitch black in comparison.

Vi bounced awkwardly from foot to foot for a moment, as she pulled out of the rush of catching Jinx and was suddenly reminded of what she was doing before she jumped into action. Vi, like many of the officers on the Piltover force, had a strong addiction to coffee. Of course this came from their need to constantly be awake and alert, but for Vi it had another, less helpful side effect. All the caffeine intake filled Vi’s bladder rather quickly, forcing her to make several restroom visits a day. She was about to take a restroom break before she got the call and rushed out,pushing her personal needs to the back of her mind. For a moment she considered relieving herself right in the lot of the warehouse before reminding herself that she was an officer of the law not a crook. During her life of crime Vi would drop her pants whenever she needed to take a leak, but now she upheld the law and couldn’t be seen urinating in public, which was at very least a minor infraction.

Luckily, through all her police training, Vi had a near iron tight bladder, so she knew she could hold out long enough to catch Jinx. Right before she went inside the building, Vi opened up her trunk and grabbed her weapons, two high-tech power gauntlets and slipped them on. These gloves, of her own invention, dramatically increased her strength, which made up for her lack of the usual police weaponry. Making her way over to the warehouse doors, she pried them open with ease and slid inside.

Once inside, Vi carefully observed the layout of the building. All she could see on the ground floor was stacks and stacks of wood crates along with several walkways near the ceiling of the building, leading to several stairways and offices. All of this made Vi feel rather uneasy. Simply exploring the building would leave her with many blind spots with so many easy places for someone to hide. On top of that Vi couldn’t shake the creepy uncomfortable vibe that the building gave off, especially since the building had a psychopath hiding in it. But all this didn’t deter her one bit in the end, as she walked deeper into the building, the steps from her boots echoed throughout the warehouse, loudly announcing her presence to anyone inside. And someone noticed, as just a few seconds after her steps echoed through the building, a cold blood curling laugh rang alongside her steps.

Vi quickly, moved into a defensive pose, crouching down and covering her most of her body with her large metal gauntlets.

“Is that you, Jinx?” Vi shouted into the darkness, a slight grin on her face. “Come out with your hands up, so I don’t have to beat you!”

Another laugh rang through the building, this time followed by the voice of a loud and obnoxious young woman. “And why should I do that, Fatass?”

Vi cringed at the remark. Through their many failed attempts to apprehend Jinx, the psycho started giving insulting nicknames to each of the officers she constantly came into contact with, almost as if they were pet names. Jinx’s nickname for Vi came from the fact that Vi had an unusually large, round and jiggly rear end. It didn’t help that Vi was sort of sensitive about her rear, and the name pushed all of her buttons.

“B-Because I told you to, dumbass!” Vi shouted back, bubbling with agitation.

“That’s not a very good reason. Especially considering I saw you pull up all alone with no sign of backup for miles.” Jinx let out an ominous giggle. “And I could have sworn I saw you doing a pee-pee dance, just before you came inside, Fatass.”

Almost as if on queue, Vi’s bladder gave an uncomfortable pulse as Jinx taunted her, causing her face to immediately flush and turn almost as bright pink as her hair. She didn’t expect Jinx to be so observant, and now it was as if Jinx had just caught Vi with her pants down. Vi knew everything from this point on wasn’t going to be easy. There were only two ways that she was getting out of here. The first was what she had already come to do, catch Jinx. The second was being humiliated by her, or worse. Regardless, Vi wasn't going to run from Jinx, she had to try and stop her.

“I told you to come out, not run your mouth.” Vi shouted, with as much authority as she could muster in her current state. “I-I won’t ask you again, Jinx.”

“Have it your way, Fatass!” Once more the warehouse filled with Jinx’s crazed laugh, and then suddenly a loud bag filled the warehouse and Vi felt something zip by her ear. Vi loudly shouted an expletive as she fell on her rear from the shock of what she could only assume was a bullet, nearly missing her head even with the protection of her gauntlets. Before Vi could even recover another bang rang through the warehouse, this time the bullet hit even closer to her, being inches away from her crotch. Despite her tough exterior Vi couldn’t help but let out an involuntary scream when she noticed this. Her scream was as followed by another involuntary bodily action, as a spurt of hot urine shot into her underwear.

Trying not to focus on the small warm patch in her panties, Vi made a run for one of the many stacks of crates near her. As she moved Jinx fired two more shots at her, but this time Vi was ready for them and blocked them with her gauntlets before sliding behind the crates. Once covered, Vi tried to look around for where Jinx was without peeking out too much. As she did her bladder surged once again, forcing her to hunker down. Vi wanted nothing more than to hold her crotch with her hands. Unfortunately her giant gauntlets were just barely the size of her rear, so trying to grab her crotch with just one hand was out of the question. Vi was forced to just bite her lip, and press her thighs together, trying to comfort her bladder while she could.

Peeking once more, Vi’s eyes darted all over the warehouse trying to just catch a glimpse of her assailant, and this time she did. On top of one of the crate stacks stood a short skinny pale woman with long neon blue ponytails and a crazed yellow smile on her face. She wore practically nothing, but a small pink and black bra and a pink pair of short shorts that showed off more of her butt, acting more like a thong than pants. As if her appearance could be any weirder, she held two giant hand guns in each of her hands, clashing with pale scanty appearance.

“Where are you hiding, Oinker? Surely you can’t keep that huge ass hidden forever!” Jinx said with a crackle as she leaped from high point to high point, looking down at each blind spot in the building, slowing making her way over to Vi’s. Sweat dripped down Vi’s brow as she heard the thunk of Jinx’s boots on each crate she jumped to. Soon, she would be over her head, and Vi knew she would have to act. This would be her best chance to take her out in one blow.

As Jinx landed above Vi’s hiding spot, she jumped into action, sending a powerful punch to the lower boxes, destroying them, knocking the rest of them back, and Jinx along with them.

“D-damn it!” yelled the pale woman as she lost her footing and fell to the ground, losing one of her guns in the process. As Jinx fell to the ground, Vi readied her right fist, powering up her glove to knock Jinx out. But as she powered her glove up, Vi was hit with another surge of desperation from her bladder, and this one was much worse than the last. The urge was so powerful Vi had to slam her thighs together to stop it, but it wasn’t enough as several quick jets of urine still leaked into her panties and rolled down her right leg, leaving a visible wet line on her pants as it went. Vi buckled forward instinctively putting her right hand to her stomach to try and calm her bladder, but all it really did was her lose her chance to knock Jinx out.

Not more than a few moments after Jinx hit the ground, the blue haired woman recovered and aimed her remaining pistol at Vi, but much to her surprise, the tall pink haired woman was gone.

“Why are you running away, fatty? It’s not like you're going anywhere fast with that chunky ass!?” Jinx shouted in a loud, angry voice, her eyes darting around, before noticing a small yellow puddle on the ground. Jinx calmed down and grinned. Talking once again her usual taunting childish tone. “How long before little piggy goes pee pee?”

Jinx’s last words rang through Vi’s ears as she found herself hiding up on one of the metal walkways above the piles of boxes. As she carefully watched below for Jinx, she took her gauntlets off so she could properly hold herself. She could feel instant relief of pressure as she grabbed her crotch in her hand. Despite how good it felt to finally hold herself, Vi knew she still didn’t have much time before she really had no choice but to relieve herself, whether she would want to or not.

Several minutes passed, and Vi felt she had calmed her bladder down enough to move again. She stood herself up, balancing herself on the walkways railings. Looking down at her gauntlets on the ground, Vi decided to leave them. Right now, Vi felt that not wetting herself and remaining un-humiliated was the most important thing to her. Soon enough the rest of the police force would arrive and she could retrieve her glove later. There was no way she was going to let her fellow officers see her in a urine soaked uniform. It would be humiliating and degrade the past year of respect she had built with them since she turned away from a life of crime.

Beginning to walk across the walkway, Vi caught the color blue out of the corner of her eye. Standing just below her was the pale psycho, holding her gun up, her head shooting from side to side, looking for her opponent. Upon seeing Jinx, Vi almost screamed out, but quickly stopped herself by covering her mouth, moving her hand from her crotch to her mouth.

This of course was not without consequence, as Vi experienced another leak almost as soon as she moved her hand. A stream of warm urine forced its way out, soaking Vi’s underwear and shooting right through her pants, landing on top of the woman below.

The second Jinx felt the warm splash of urine hit the top of her head, she stopped right in place, knowing exactly what it was. Her eyes and smile widened as she slowly looked up at the walkway to see a head of pink hair looking down at her with shock covering her face. The second their eyes met, both women burst into action. Jinx darted toward the stairs, gun in hand, excitement rushing through her. Vi on the other hand, ran the best she could, trying to find some place to hide. She came to a row of several doors, and Vi had no idea where they went.

Not knowing what else to do, Vi randomly picked one and ran into it. Unfortunately, Vi picked the worst possible door as she found herself inside a broom closet. With nowhere else to go, Vi was forced to back herself into the broom closet, and hope for the best, with her legs crossed and her heart pounding.

Jinx bolted up the stairs and across the walkway reaching the row of doors and Jinx face lit up and she trembled with excitement, knowing that she had finally cornered her prey. All she had to do was pick the right door and Vi would be all hers. She looked from door to door, trying to pick the right one. Once again, Jinx looked to the floor for help once again, and it did not disappoint. A line of yellow drips pointed Jinx to a door with a janitors sign on it.

Jinx aimed her gun at the door and just as it seemed she was about to fire it, she instead kicked the door down with one swift kick. The door swung open, revealing the desperate cowering officer as she screamed out in shock. Jinx stomped toward her, aiming her gun right at women's pink head. Without warning or choice hot urine began flooding into Vi’s pants, soaking every inch of her legs and butt until her polyester pants shined wet with pee.

“N-n-no please!” Vi began to beg, despite the fact she was already wetting herself. Her lips trembling, tears welling up in her eyes. “J-Jinx, p-please don't kill me!” Vi bawled.

Jinx however wasn’t listening, instead she was fixated on the large yellow puddle growing beneath her adversary, growing so large the puddle almost covered the entire floor of the small janitor’s closet. The closet also began to fill with a light stinky smell that snapped Jinx back into her usual self.

“Peee-yew! I guess you washed all those donuts down with coffee. What a pig.” Jinx sneered, waving her hand in front of her nose, watching Vi cry with great pleasure. Soon enough Vi’s bladder stopped, seeming to empty itself, and the room was no longer filled with the sound of hissing and splashing, but with giggling and bawling.

Vi stood awkwardly in front of her advisory, her tight pants glistening with pee. She could feel the puddles of warm piss in each of her boots squish uncomfortably as she shifted in place The cop's eyes were red and wet and her cheeks burned with humiliation. She was hoping to wake up any second from this nightmare but it didn't happen.

“Awww did you piss yourself little Piggy?” Jinx taunted, lowering the gun from Vi’s face, glowing in Vi’s humiliation. She had never dreamed of having Vi in such a powerless position, where she can make her piss herself and cry like a baby. Unfortunately for Jinx, she knew the rest of the police force would arrive soon, but that wasn't going to stop Jinx from destroying what little pride Vi had left.

“P-Please.” choked Vi between her tears. “Just let me go.”

Jinx grinned at Vi’s begging and took a pair of handcuffs from Vi’s belt and tightly fastened Vi’s hands behind her back. She forced Vi onto her knees, pressing her face down into her own piss, just leaving her rear up in the air.

“Bad cops should get punishment for drenching their uniforms with piss,don’t ya think, Fatty?” Vi glared back at Jinx with a despaired look. She pulled Vi’s pants down, just enough to reveal her large ass, crammed into a small pair of cotton white panties with a pink doughnut picture stretched across her arse.

Jinx giggled at the sight. “Your panty choice is a little on the nose.” she remarked, causing Vi to somehow flush even more. Grabbing a broom from the floor, Jinx lined it up with Vi’s ass, using the center of the doughnut like a target. Taking one heavy swing, she smashed the stick into Vi’s soppy wet rear, causing it to jiggle and shake, making a satisfying slapping noise ringing through inside the closet. The single hit stung Vi’s butt like fire, causing her to yelp out in pain, but Jinx wasn’t content with just one hit.

She began railing on Vi’s buttocks, slapping her over and over, slowly turning her butt cheeks as red as her face's cheeks. Squirming around in pain, Vi tried to move out of the way, but the pain was just too great. Much to both of the women’s surprise, Vi began pissing herself once again, this time with several quick spurting streams.

Jinx snickered at the sight. “Damn Vi, is your bladder as big as your ass?” Vi could only respond with vapid sobbing, as she laid motionless in her pool of urine.

Jinx grinned at Vi’s pathetic face, finally satisfied. She grabbed Vi’s chin and raised her face up a bit. “Don’t worry, you’re almost home free Fatty. There's just one last thing I need your cooperation with…”

Soon Vi found herself tied up. Her ankles bound together, her arms forced behind her back. Jinx even wrapped duct tape around her face, muffling her cries. Jinx waved sinisterly at the officer as she walked out out the closet leaving Vi immobile in her own puddle of piss. Vi struggled to try and break free from her binds. During her futile attempts Vi was interrupted by the sounds of police officers storming the building.

Upon her this, Vi began internally begging that none of her fellow officers found her, feeling that it would be better if they thought she was dead versus finding her in this state. Unfortunately for Vi however, it didn’t take long for the police force to follow her trail of pee much like Jinx did. The closet door creaked open and all of Vi’s fellow officers could either see or smell the full damage of her accident.

“The deputy pissed herself!” one officer shouted, dumbfounded. “She pissed her fucking pants!”

“Look at her ass! It's fatter out of her pants than in them!”

“It’s big and red alright. Did Jinx spank her!?”

“Forget her ass. Look at her panties! What is she, twelve?”

Once again Vi’s eye filled up with tears and she tried to look away from her officers but just ended up rolling around in her pee, humiliating herself more, and causing her coworkers to laugh aloud. It took almost an hour for the police force to stop berating their deputy and actually untie her or even move her from the closet. And it didn't stop there. Weeks after the incident all of the officers, even lower ranked ones snickered at her when she addressed them or called her names behind her back. Fortunately the higher ups didn’t remove her as deputy, but they did deny her request for a new uniform, forcing her to spend the rest of her days as an officer wearing a smelly and stained uniform.

*004*2020-02-27 02:53

{{4 hours ago, 124578 said:

Superb!! Do you have more stories about league?

}}

{{4 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

That was really good! I was also wondering if you were gonna do more League stories.

}}

Thanks fellas, I appreciate the comments. I'm planning on writing more in general, but for sure some League characters are down the line. I don't have any particular in mind though, so if there is a character you're looking for, I might take it into consideration, who knows.

{{8 minutes ago, Unbeknownst said:

I was trying to figure out what was bugging me about the story.

Then I realized that it’s because Vi and Jinx are sisters but in the story they behave as if they only know of each other in a “professional” capacity.

}}

That's fair. I wrote this in like 2018 I think, when the sister thing was more of a theory, but from what I hear it's all but confirmed now, so that's a bit awkward I guess.

*007*2020-03-01 18:13

{{On 2/28/2020 at 6:07 AM, 124578 said:

Would you consider writing Kai'sa/Qiyana/Sona/Elise/Xayah?

}}

I'm not super familiar with all of those, must be some new champions, but I might give it a shot.

{{On 2/27/2020 at 4:34 PM, Unbeknownst said:

It wasn't a theory at that point, it was confirmed at least as early as 2015.

}}

That's wack, never saw anything official until recently.

