The Movie Marathon

Author: SilverSnake

*000*2021-06-07 05:45

/**

Authors note: Ella and Amber are original characters of mine that are involved in a lot of my fantasies! Their ages are: Ella (24) and Amber (26). I am planning to write more content with them, and I may release some art. You are free to use the characters in your stories, art, etc, but I reserve the right to write and portray my own characters however I like.

Questions and comments are welcome!

**/

Ella arrived at Amber's house with snacks, drinks, and a bag of clothes. The two women had been planning this Lord Of The Rings marathon for a long time, and Ella was excited to finally have it. Not only did she relish the chance to rewatch LOTR, she also had a little bit of a thing for Amber. This could be her chance to go from friends to something more.

Outside the door, Ella gave herself one last check over. She was wearing her favorite nightgown, grey with pink flowers and very soft. Her heart racing, Ella knocked.

It only took a second for Amber to answer. She welcomed Ella in with a hug.

Amber was tall, deep brown skin and big curly hair. She was wearing a mustard yellow shirt and light green shorts, with a pair of bunny slippers. As Ella pulled out of the hug she felt like she could barely breathe. Amber's bright smile was more than she could handle. Slightly dazed, Ella walked into the small place.

The living room was carpeted, with a dark red couch and a rocking chair taking up most of the space. The room smelled like vanilla and fresh popcorn. Ella noted that the movie was already cued up on the television, and the table in front of it was covered in snacks and drinks. She also noticed a brown cardboard box next to the table, but didn't think much of it.

Amber pointed things out as she explained the plan. "Okay so, we're not leaving until we have watched the hobbit and all the Lord Of The Rings movies. I have enough snacks and drinks for three days. We can sleep here if we need to."

Amber moved to open the box. "There's the bathroom, but there's a twist. The first person who has to pee will wear the diaper of shame for the rest of the marathon!"

She pulled out a white shape from the box and unfolded it to reveal a bulky adult diaper. It was white with blue tapes, and looked absolutely ridiculous to Ella. Amber grinned, her eyes full of mischief. Ella couldn't help but laugh. "That sounds fun! I agree to the game."

Amber put the diaper down on top of the box. "Great! To make things fair we'll both go to the bathroom first. May the biggest bladder win!"

After everything was sorted and both women had emptied their bladders, they got comfortable on the couch. Amber had a soda, but Ella decided to cautiously get a lemonade. They started the first movie and relaxed, eating generous portions of popcorn and candy each.

The popcorn was salty, and before Ella knew it, she had finished the lemonade. She switched to water, and found herself quite thirsty. The water worked its way through her kidneys fast, and soon she started to feel a slight pressure in her bladder.

As the pressure increased, Ella tried to slow her water consumption. Despite her efforts she found herself finishing her second water bottle. She glanced over at her friend. Amber had drained the soda and was working on another. Ella relaxed slightly. She only had to pee a little, and surely the caffeinated beverage would get to Amber first.

Time was passing slowly for Ella, and soon she found herself getting really desperate. She had stopped drinking water entirely, but her bladder continued to fill. The blanket gave her enough cover to hold herself, but she soon switched to sitting with her heel in her crotch. The arrangement helped, but it certainly wasn't the picture she had entertained of leaning onto Amber's shoulder. She shifted again.

How long was this movie again? Ella felt like she could maintain some dignity if she at least made it through the first movie without a break. She shifted to her other foot, but it didn't help. Amber was sitting leaned over, her legs together like a mermaid tail. Ella hoped that she was desperate, despite the fact that Amber looked fine. She tried to lose herself in the movie.

The movie ended, and Ella could hardly move. Amber stood up and stretched, and then strolled into the kitchen. Ella stood up too, but the sudden gravity forced her to clench everything in order not to leak. All she wanted was relief. She gave up.

"Amber, I'm going to be the one in the shame diaper haha, I'm about to burst!" Ella blushed deeply as she said this, hands still gripping her crotch.

"Thank god!" Breathed Amber, suddenly collapsing into a mirror of Ella's position. She grabbed herself and groaned slightly. "I'm so competitive, I actually started to leak a little when I stretched!"

Ella was shocked by the revelation, and strangely turned on. Watching Amber grip herself and squirm was oddly exciting... She shook her head to physically push the thought away. "First dibs on the bathroom!"

Ella peed for what felt like minutes, enjoying the feeling of getting to let go. She washed her hands and opened the bathroom, almost running into a desperate Amber ducking in. Ella tried her best not to listen to Amber pee, but she could help but hear the thunderous spray and Amber's light moans. Ella held herself for a quick second, though not because she needed to pee.

Both refreshed, Ella awkwardly brought up the competition. "I guess I have to put on the diaper of shame now, huh?"

Amber smiled. "To be honest, I think we were closer to a tie than anything. Neither of us could have lasted much longer. It seems only fair to split the punishment, we'll both wear diapers."

Ella agreed that sounded fair. She was still embarrassed about the idea of putting a diaper on, but she was also strangely curious. She hadn't worn a diaper since she was a baby.

In the bathroom, Ella tried to figure the diaper out. It crinkled more than she expected, and she felt self conscious about the noise. The inside was thick and softer than she expected. Finally she decided to sit on the floor and straddle the diaper in order to fasten the tapes. It took a couple tries to get them in the right place, and when she stood up Ella could feel that it was slightly tilted to the right. There was a little bit of a gap around the legs, but otherwise it seemed to fit perfectly. As Ella put her pajama shorts on over the bulky thing, she found the whole experience oddly calming. As ridiculous as the item was, it was also comfortable. She brushed away these musings and fixed her face into one of humiliation and silliness as she left the bathroom.

A few minutes later, Amber emerged. She hadn't put her pants back on so she was only wearing the diaper on the bottom. Ella noted that it seemed to fit better than her own, and the tapes were even on both sides. She did a silly little turn around for Ella and they both laughed.

A new bowl of popcorn was popped, and new beverages were acquired as the pair started the next movie. Ella was absolutely determined not to need a break for a long time. She settled down into the blankets and sipped a soda.

Time passed and Ella became completely engrossed in the movie. It was dead silent between her and Amber as they enjoyed the action. As the movie finished up, Amber immediately went to put the next one on. Ella checked the clock. It was midnight now, and she was feeling a little sleepy. She felt a very slight pressure in her bladder, so she got an energy drink and sat back down. It was easy to down the little can and she was soon drinking water again.

The energy drink woke her up a little, but it soon started to have another effect. The soda and water from earlier moved quickly into her bladder, and she went from barely feeling anything to needing a bathroom in no time. She moved subtly to hold herself, but soon encountered the diaper she had forgotten she was wearing. It was hard to hold with the thick material, so she changed to the heel method again.

Amber noticed the movement, but seemed to take it as Ella getting cold. She wrapped her arm around Ella and pulled her close, allowing Ella to rest against her side. It was a dream come true for Ella. She was finally cuddling with Amber! Her bladder was completely forgotten as she focused on leaning in just the right amount, trying not to move too much.

The spell lasted maybe 20 minutes before Ella's bladder started to scream its need. Ella shifted, trying to gain an angle where she could hold, but there were no good positions. Amber released her from the side hug after Ella started to wiggle, and Ella could have cried. She rubbed her legs, squeezed her thighs, did everything that she could to continue holding, but her bladder only got more full.

A sharp pang ran through her body and Ella instinctively leaned forward. It took half a second to realize she was leaking bad, and another two seconds to stop. Ella looked around in shock. She couldn't remember the last time she actually had an accident. If she had been wearing her panties, there would be a substantial wet spot. However, right now, all Ella felt was warmth.

She tentatively reached down a hand to check the damage, and found the leak to be well contained in the diaper. The only evidence it had happened was the warm feeling on her crotch, and the slight firmness of the padding. A strange euphoria washed over her.

Ella's bladder was far from relieved, however, and the first leak was followed quickly by a second one. This time she rode the leak out, paying close attention to the diaper. She felt a sudden warmth, and then the diaper wicking it up. Nowhere in her wildest dreams had she meant to actually use the diaper, but now that she had leaked a little the feeling was almost pleasant. Ella relaxed slightly. As long as the leaks were contained, she was sure she could keep holding. Amber didn't ever have to know that she had used the diaper, and they could keep watching the movie uninterrupted.

As time went on, Ella had a few more involuntary leaks. Despite the loss of fluid, her desperation was worse than ever. Ella's hands were shaking, her skin was clammy with sweat. All she could think about was how much she needed to pee. Fine. She would have to ask to go to the bathroom a second time, like a child. She accepted her fate.

Ella was just about to speak up when she realized something. At this point, she couldn't even move her legs or she was going to lose control. There was no way she would make it through standing up and walking to the bathroom. The warm, damp padding between her legs made it even harder to hold. She really couldn't make it.

The diaper was pretty big. Ella felt the damage. Even after several substantial leaks it was mostly dry. It could definitely take more. She wasn't sure how wet it would look if she soaked it, but maybe if she could just leak a little bit she could relieve some of the pressure. Maybe just one voluntary leak could let her make it to the bathroom.

Ella placed a hand on her crotch under the blanket. She checked to see if Amber was watching, but the woman was totally focused on the movie. Ella slowly breathed in, and then let the breath out. She relaxed a little, and the pee came gushing out. Suddenly scared that she couldn't stop, Ella forced her tortured bladder to stop. It was agony. She could feel her body straining not to release. She felt the diaper, it was still holding up great.

She relaxed again and piss soaked into the diaper. Stopping was even harder the second time, and the effort brought tears to Ella's eyes. She wasn't going to make it. She was having an accident. She was losing control right in front of her crush. Suddenly, Ella realized that she was peeing again. She tried to stop, jamming her hand into her crotch, but she couldn't stop now.

As she accepted her fate, Ella felt herself relax all the way. Pee was now rushing out faster than the diaper could absorb and she felt it pooling near her butt. She lifted herself slightly of the couch in the hopes of letting the diaper expand, put the extra effort just made her bladder hiss. Ella ground her crotch into her hand, hoping desperately that Amber didn't hear the hissing urine.

Finally, the flow tapered off. Ella's face was bright red, and she could hear her heartbeat in her ears. She felt incredibly relieved, but at the same time she had no idea what to do. If she stood up it would be absolutely obvious that her diaper was soaked. Maybe if she waited until Amber left the room she could steal another diaper, sneak into the bathroom, wrap the wet one in her pants, put the dry diaper on, and then secret the wet diaper into her luggage to throw out later?

As Ella plotted her escape, she felt around the edges of the full diaper. It was warm and swollen, building against her pants. The ass was still pretty dry, but the front was soaked. She ran a hand under her leg and froze. No. No no no no no no ...

Her pants were wet. Not just a little, but quite a lot. The leg holes had leaked. Ella followed the leak down and soon discovered as wet patch on the couch. Not only had she soaked her diaper, she had leaked right onto Amber's couch. It was an absolute nightmare. The red material of the couch showed ever drop of sweat, much more a huge patch of pee. Even if it dried before Amber saw, it might still smell like piss. There was nothing to do but admit the truth.

Ella began to cry. Very softly at first, as the panic of the situation set in, but soon it became gentle sobs as shame washed over her. Amber looked over and saw that Ella was crying. She paused the movie, and her expression went from shock to concern. "Ella, what's wrong? What's wrong?"

Not equipped to explain herself, Ella just sobbed harder. Amber was clearly very worried now. "Tell me what's going on, I want to help."

"I ha- had to pee" Ella managed through the tears.

Amber still looked freaked out. "You can go to the bathroom, that whole thing from earlier was just for fun."

Ella shook her head. "I cou- couldn't ho- hold it"

Amber shook her head in sympathy. "That's totally fine Ella, you're wearing a diaper. Accidents happen, and this wasn't even a big deal."

The words of comfort only made Ella feel worse. "No, look!" She cried, throwing back the blanket and showing Amber the stains of the couch. Two dark patches were clearly defined from where Ella was sitting.

Amber made an "Oh" face at the spots. "Oh Ella baby, don't worry about the couch. I keep a cover on here anyway. It's totally alright. You're okay. I feel bad about this whole thing."

Ella was trying to calm down, but she could seem to stop crying. Every sob made her diaper squelch, and the warm sensation was now a mark of humiliation.

Amber hugged Ella to her, and gently rocked her back and forth. "Shhh shhh, it's going to be okay. This could happen to anyone."

Finally Ella stopped crying, though she stayed in Amber's arms for a little longer, if only to avoid looking her in the eye. Ella was sure she could never face Amber again after this. The worst part was realizing that the accident was completely her own fault, she could have used the bathroom at any time. Ella felt miserable.

"I'm sorry about this. I'm really sorry. Gosh I can't believe I cried so much... I'm really just so embarrassed." Amber nodded gently at the apology. "It's really no big deal. I feel like I created this whole situation with my game. I shouldn't have made you feel so uncomfortable."

There was silence for a few minutes before Amber spoke again. "Actually, I really have to pee by now too. Would it make you feel better if I wet myself as well?"

Ella looked up in shock. "You don't have to do that. "

Amber smiled. "Don't worry, this can be a secret between us."

With that Amber settled into a more laid back position. She took Ella's hand and gently placed it on the front of her diaper. Ella's eyes were wide as she took it all in. She tried her best to look nonchalant with her hand on Amber's crotch.

Amber moaned slightly, and then sighed. To Ella's wonder she felt the sudden warmth bloom in the diaper under her hand. Amber's eyes rolled back, her face the picture of ecstacy as urine hissed in. The diaper swelled in places, but didn't leak. She ran her hand down deeper between Ambers legs and felt the warmth there. Ella's own crotch was buzzing with arousal that she hadn't expected.

The stream ended, and then Amber pushed out a few more gushes before sitting back up. Ella withdrew her hand, shame replaced with wonder. Both women sat there for a second in their soaked diapers. Finally, Amber spoke. "Would you like me to help you get changed? You can put your underwear back on if you want."

Ella considered her response carefully. "I'm worried about more leaks tonight... So maybe I should wear another diaper?" If it was possible to blush anymore Ella would have done it. Amber looked happy. "Sure!"

Amber got a trashcan and some wipes. She had Ella lay down on the couch, and then she carefully removed the soaked diaper. Ella felt her pulse going a mile a minute as Amber revealed her bare bits. She shivered as the cold air hit the wet skin. Amber threw out the diaper and then got a dry one. She spread it beneath Ella's bottom, and then began to gently wipe her legs. As she got closer and closer in she kept looking at Ella's face to make sure it was still okay. Ella gave her small nods.

Finally Amber got to the vagina. She wiped around the lips, and then right down the middle. Ella gasped gently. She was obviously wet, and her clit was swollen and sensitive. Amber wiped her again, and Ella groaned with need. Amber put the wipes down and began slowly fingering her. She traced her finger up and down, and then pushed it into Ella's hole. Drawing the wet finger back out she set to work on Ella's clit. It only took a little bit of work for Ella to cum hard, groaning and straining against the bed. Amber gave her one last wipe, and then fitted the diaper in place. She taped it securely, making sure that there were no gaps around the legs this time.

Ella sat up and was immediately met with a kiss from Amber. Ella kiss back, still feeling the afterglow. She pulled Amber into her lap and began to undress her breathlessly. Amber ground her wet diaper into Ella's dry one, groaning and almost whining now as Ella got to her breasts. Ella kissed her neck and breasts, working down. She pushed Amber back and got to work on pulling the sodden diaper off. Not caring to throw it out right now, she set it on the floor and leaned down.

Amber's slit was wet with more more than piss. Ella leaned down and lapped at the slickness before setting to work with her tongue. She could smell the fain scent of piss as she worked, but it didn't feel gross somehow. It just felt right. Amber's legs got tense as Ella ate her, and when she couldn't take it any longer she arched her back and gave in to the orgasm. Clenched muscles sent the last of her bladder jetting on the couch and Ella's hand. She fell back, panting, with a smile on her face.

Ella also sat back, but Amber had gotten her horny all over again. She put a hand down her diaper and rubbed herself, clenching and grinding into her hand. Every time she would clench hard she would leak a little, and soon the crotch of her diaper was warm again. It barely took a minute for her to cum a second time.

Amber threw the wet diaper away and then put a new one on under Ella's watchful eye. Once they were both dry and padded, they cuddled together and unpaused their movie. Ella had discovered a new kink, and Amber couldn't be happier about it.

