Peeridot (Steven Universe Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*000*2025-11-10 15:46

Peridot had never felt this much discomfort before in all of her many years of life.

She squirmed in the bathtub, changing her position for what must have been the thousandth time, once more hoping that this would alleviate the horrible feeling inside of her. But, just like every time before, she was mistaken. Nothing changed. In fact, the shifting seemed to only upset the source of her discomfort even further— To the point that she let out a strange, garbled gasp before collapsing onto her back in the tub.

She had learned that some positions were better than others. Crouching, like she had just attempted, was definitely one of the worst. She would not be trying it again.

Crossing her legs together helped somewhat. She was unsure why, but it took the edge off of the heavy pressure she was feeling for a few seconds each time she did it. Standing up and bouncing alleviated a little of the tension as well.

But, that was all she COULD do— Alleviate a LITTLE of the tension. And only temporarily. It wouldn’t take long at all for the full brunt of the pain to return once again. She swore it was actually getting worse and worse as time continued to pass, too.

The worst part, though, was that she had NO idea what the source of her pain even was. And, without being able to identify the CAUSE, discovering the solution seemed highly unlikely.

Because, surely, there had to be a solution, right? She couldn’t be fated to just… Suffer this feeling for all eternity now, could she?

She tried to figure out what could be responsible for her plight, what could be subjecting her to this awful, awful feeling, and that made her recount the day’s events to herself. Searching for something out of the ordinary, different from her regular routine, it was only natural that the first thing to come to mind was the lesson she’d received from the Amethyst.

The Amethyst had tried to teach her to shape-shift. Peridot had told her again and again that this was impossible. Era two gems were incapable of shape-shifting, that was why they were so much more reliant on technology than their predecessors. But, the Amethyst was persistent, and since she was the only one Peridot had even considered getting close to so far, Peridot had given in and at least TRIED.

As expected, she could not warp her body in the many, MANY different ways the Amethyst could. She couldn’t change her height— which served as a bitter reminder of the loss of her limb enhancers. She could not make herself wider or thinner. She could not grow an extra arm or make one foot bigger than the other.

The way the Amethyst described the process made no sense to Peridot, anyway. “C’mon, girl! Just picture yourself all bulky, like a refrigerator! And, then it’ll happen!” Except… Peridot was unsure what the word ‘refrigerator’ referred to. She couldn’t picture herself looking like an item she didn’t even recognize, so of course nothing happened, and Peridot felt herself getting more and more frustrated.

“I can’t do this!” Peridot snapped eventually. “I keep telling you, it just won’t work! Homeworld was low on resources by the time era 2 gems were being developed— And shapeshifting isn’t even THAT important!”

The Amethyst looked saddened, and Peridot felt this peculiar sensation in her chest… She had gotten that feeling a few times now, ever since finding herself stuck on this planet with these strange gems. It was not a pleasant feeling… And it always seemed to come up whenever her words had caused someone to make THAT face.

The Steven had told her the correct thing to do about this feeling was to say the words; “I am sorry.” So, she did, and the Amethyst’s expression returned to normal.

“I’m sorry, too,” the Amethyst said. “I shouldn’t have tried to make you do it after you told me you couldn’t. I just… Kinda wish you could eat and drink stuff with me, that’s all. Pearl won’t do it ‘cause she thinks it’s ‘disgusting’—“ And here, the Amethyst put on a haughty sounding voice in an attempt to mimic the Pearl. Peridot felt herself smile.

“And… To do this ‘eating’ and ‘drinking’ thing, I need to be able to shape-shift?” Peridot guessed.

“Yeah, there’s gotta be somewhere for all the food and water and stuff to go,” the Amethyst said. “The humans’ve got this whole, long digestive system thing to do it with. It, like, helps them absorb all the stuff they need from the food, and gets rid of the rest. But, since gems don’t have to do the ‘absorption’ part… Basically what I do is… I shape-shift some… It’s kinda like a bucket, and then a stretchy sack. One on top of the other. The bucket’s on top, and it’s got a little hole in the bottom so that whatever I eat or drink doesn’t run through me too fast. And, the sack on the bottom is where it all goes once I’m ready to get rid of it.”

Peridot COULD picture that. She knew what buckets and sacks were, of course. She could imagine the shapes, the way they worked… One bucket on top with a little hole for water to run through, one sack on the bottom for it to land in…

As she visualized it, there was another odd feeling inside of her, unlike ANYTHING she’d ever experienced. Just… A shifting, that was the only way to describe it, and her eyes lit up as a grin spread across her face. She had done it! Or, at least, she THOUGHT she had! When she patted her midsection, she heard something hollow, which wasn’t how it normally sounded. “I’ve done it!” She declared. “I made the stuff!”

The Amethyst’s eyes went wide. “Seriously?! You think so?!” And she tapped Peridot’s abdomen as well, the stunned look remaining on her face. “That is AWESOME! I think you DID! Come on, let’s make sure!”

The Amethyst tugged Peridot into the kitchen and started to pull various bags out of the cupboards, but then she stopped herself. “Oh, we’d better do liquids first,” she said. “Those are easier ‘cause you don’t have to chew.” With that, the Amethyst picked up a glass and filled it with water from the sink. “Here!”

Peridot had seen the Steven drink before, she knew how it worked. She tentatively raised the glass to her lips, opened her mouth, and poured it in. She did too much at first, and made herself splutter, which was heavily embarrassing in front of the Amethyst, but after a few more gulps she knew what she was doing.

“What do you think?” The Amethyst asked. “Just plain water’s kinda boring, soda’s a lot more fun.”

“I am feeling… Cold on the inside,” Peridot surmised after a moment, trying to keep the panicked tone from her voice. “Is that a sign of death?”

“No,” the Amethyst assured. “The water was cold, so now YOU feel cold, that’s all. Hold on, lemme get you some soda. It’s WAY better. Tastes good, and it’ll let you burp the alphabet.”

Peridot didn’t know what the words ‘burp’ or ‘alphabet’ meant, but so far nothing the Amethyst had shown her had been too unpleasant, so she tried not to feel alarmed. She tried not to feel alarmed, even when she felt the unfamiliar sensation of water splashing within her abdomen as she moved. She had never had ANYTHING inside of her like that before, and it was such a foreign feeling that she could focus on little else.

The Amethyst handed her another glass after a moment, this one filled with an orange, bubbling liquid. Peridot was more wary of this one. Generally, things that fizzed and hissed like that were dangerous and to be avoided.

“Go ahead,” the Amethyst urged. “It’ll taste great, I promise!”

‘Taste’ was yet another word Peridot didn’t recognize, but the Amethyst was looking at her with so much excitement that she didn’t want to stall the momentum by asking for a definition. She poured this new drink into her mouth, and it was VERY different from the water. The bubbles popped inside of her mouth, and left behind the oddest feeling, a prickly, tingling feeling. When she swallowed, the sensation went all the way down her throat. Beyond that, her mouth was filled with…

She didn’t know what to call it. It was sort of like a smell, almost… But way stronger and centralized over her tongue. “Why does it— It’s tickling my throat, and it makes me think of the scent of the orange ball fruits.”

The Amethyst laughed, which made Peridot feel like she’d done something silly. She shrank back, feeling more liquid sloshing inside of her middle as she did so.

“That’s called a ‘flavor’, homegirl,” the Amethyst said. “The soda tastes like oranges, it’s supposed to.”

Okay… So ‘taste’ and ‘flavor’ were words for that weird ‘inside-the-mouth-smell-thing’. Okay.

Peridot decided that she liked the orange ‘flavor’.

The Amethyst was happy to give her more of it.

Peridot must have had four more glasses of it, but then something ELSE new and weird happened, when a funny feeling started to expand in her throat, and before she knew it the oddest noise came out of her mouth. She clasped her hands over it, startled and unsure about what it meant. Had she drank too much? Was her body going to come apart now?

The Amethyst was laughing again, and Peridot doubted she would be so amused if she were about to explode…

“What… Was that?” Peridot asked finally. “Why did… Why did my mouth erupt?”

“That’s called a burp, nerd,” the Amethyst said. “That’s what happens when you drink lots of soda.”

Peridot nodded. Alright then. So, consuming soda had after-effects. And, apparently the noise Peridot’s mouth had just made was considered ‘funny’ on this planet…

Now, hours later, laying in the Steven’s bathtub and trying to figure out how to dislodge this new, horrendous feeling, the only conclusion Peridot could come to was that drinking soda had OTHER after-effects. This must have been one of them. But…

The Amethyst was not always feeling this sensation, was she? She couldn’t have been! It was making Peridot wriggle and writhe and contort herself in all sorts of strange positions. Like, now she was suddenly pushing both of her hands in between her legs. She didn’t even know why, having never had the urge to do that before, but suddenly it was ALL she wanted to do. It brought SOME relief to the pressure she was under, made it feel a little less heavy and heated.

She ran through the description the Amethyst had given her over and over. A bucket with a hole in the bottom for the liquid to move through. A stretchy bag to keep it all in once it was time to get rid of it… That was it. Was there supposed to be another step after that? Amethyst had said it needed to be gotten rid of, but was sticking it into the bag not enough?

If that was the case, how was it supposed to come back OUT of the bag? Did she need to splash it back up into the bucket, and then back out her mouth? That was the only thing she could think of, so she carefully tried to maneuver herself into a bit of a hand-stand. The material of the bath-tub was slippery, she had never noticed that before. She ended up having to crouch at first, too— Which made the strange, foreign ball of pain in her core seem to shudder. There was a sort of spasming feeling that made her tuck her hands against her lower body again, squeezing in a confused, panicked sort of way.

Once the worst of the ache seemed to have faded, she worked to move her feet up against the wall, until she was upside-down. She waited for the feeling of the liquid reversing its path from earlier in the day, opening her mouth to give it a clear pathway out of her. But… Nothing of the sort happened. The pressure in her middle twisted and churned, dissatisfied with the weird pose she’d gotten herself into, and her vision started to blur as her abdomen contracted and cramped, like it was TRYING to push the liquid somewhere, but NOT towards her mouth.

Her legs shook and squeezed together as she struggled to ease herself back down again, and a muffled moan fell from her lips as she climbed out of the tub. For whatever reason, she had the most insistent desire to MOVE, so she did, pacing back and forth along the length of the Steven’s bathroom, pausing only occasionally so that she could bounce up and down, cross her legs, or shove her hands firmly between them once more. It was clear to her now that the soda was supposed to leave her body somehow. But, if it wasn’t through her mouth, then HOW?!

Then, another memory, this one more foggy since it had seemed so unimportant at the time. Her first night in this room… She’d been on top of the white chair, and the Steven had told her to move because he needed to ‘use’ it.

Puzzled, Peridot had asked him; “For what?”

The Steven’s face had gotten kind of pink, and he’d given her an explanation that she’d only half-listened to. The Steven had been doing a truly unusual dance by the end of it, nothing like the dances the Pearls did back on Homeworld— It was nervous and fast and lacked rhythm, and seemed to be causing the Steven distress, so Peridot HAD moved off the chair.

Except, that hadn’t been enough. “Uh… Do you mind… Um… Also, maybe standing behind the shower curtain while I do this? I don’t really like being watched…”

More confused, but sensing the Steven’s distress was worsening and still not entirely convinced that she was safe around him, Peridot had complied. She stayed in the tub, behind the curtain, unable to see the Steven. But, she DID peek once she heard the unfamiliar sound…Something… Pouring. Was he going to attack her somehow while she had her back turned?! No! Never! Peridot pulled back the curtain just enough to see what was happening, and he was just… Standing in front of the weird chair and… Making some kind of fountain?

What was the point of THAT?!

Why had it been so important to him that he do this?!

But, now Peridot thought she understood. The Steven had been feeling like THIS because he’d needed to let liquid out of his body— Just like Peridot had to do now. And, since she’d seen the Steven do it, she DID actually know how it was meant to come back out after all!

Eager to free herself from the urgent pangs and awful tingling, Peridot rushed over to the white chair. She pulled up the lid just like the Steven had, and she stood in front of it, waiting for the fountain to come out and rid her of this ever-worsening fullness.

But… That didn’t happen. Just like when she’d tried to expel the fluid through her mouth, the liquid remained locked in the sack, continuing to torment her. Against her will, an anguished noise fell from her lips, a cross between a sob and a whimper. If this ALSO wasn’t how it was supposed to come out, then what WAS?! Was it just going to stay in her body forever, making her feel frantic, pained and miserable?! She hopped and bobbed in place. “R—Release— Release…” she mumbled. “I want to release…”

She couldn’t be expected to just STAY like this! It was so uncomfortable that she couldn’t think of anything else, how was she to be of any use at all if her mind ceased its functioning in the face of such agony?! And, what if the Amethyst wanted her to drink something again? She already couldn’t get rid of all THIS, putting in MORE would make it all hurt so much worse!

What if— What if the Amethyst saw her… Like this? Peridot had thought the Steven’s dance was weird and goofy, and she knew she was now doing the very same one. The Amethyst would think SHE was weird and goofy if she writhed and wriggled and hurriedly crossed her legs back and forth! Peridot wanted the Amethyst to— to think she was awesome, like she’d said earlier…

This wasn’t awesome.

This was just awful…

Every second worsened her predicament. She gave up on making a fountain like Steven had, because that clearly wasn’t going to happen. She couldn’t think of any other potential solutions, and she swore the pain was worsening, like not all of the soda had even REACHED the sack yet.

Did the sack have a limit? Would it… Tear, or something? What happened then? Would it finally come out? Was that what she had to do? Wait until the sack got TOO full and came apart, only THEN would she be freed from this torment?

Then, maybe the solution was actually MORE liquid! She just had to fill the sack until it broke, and finally this throbbing ball of tension and misery would be GONE.

Stumbling to the sink, she cranked on the faucet and cupped her hands beneath it. She had not anticipated the way her body would respond to this. Something about that noise… That trickling, flowing noise… It was doing something to her— Doing something to the ever-expanding sack of liquid screaming in her core. It was making it flare, like it was catching fire, the pressure was burning now, burning, cloying, so, so full—

She filled her hands with water and cupped it to her mouth, swallowing, shuddering, hoping that it would be enough. Hoping that, when the sack broke, it wouldn’t cause her physical form to poof— She whimpered at the mental image of it, her gem plinking into an enormous puddle of soda.

She strained her thighs together as she gulped down another mouthful, and then another, she was crossing her legs so firmly that she wouldn’t be surprised if THEY were going to form a fusion like the Garnet. She kept drinking, refusing to give up hope that the action would EVENTUALLY net her relief instead of just furthering her torture. But, eventually, that confusing urge to press a hand between her legs returned with a furious vengeance, and she couldn’t resist it, shoving the appendage down there and squeezing tightly. And that wasn’t enough— She needed the other hand, which left her with none to scoop more water into her mouth with… Or to just turn off that infernal running faucet, which seemed to be getting LOUDER with each passing moment.

Oh, so full… So full… So full that she was going to burst— She wanted to burst— Why wouldn’t she just burst?! She had to burst! Now! Shockwaves of pain rippled through her with every involuntary bounce. She would never, EVER drink again! No matter what the Amethyst said! This was more than she could be expected to handle! This was—

The bathroom door cracked open, and the Steven groggily made his way into the room. He yawned, his eyes barely open as he looked at Peridot for barely even half of a second. “Have to go… Make sure you stay behind th’ curtain ’til I’m done…”

And, THAT was just TOO much for Peridot. The Steven was going to make a fountain, get rid of all the liquid in his body, just like SHE had to, and that wasn’t fair! Peridot was sure she had SO much more in her than the Steven did, so why should HE get to do it so simply and easily?! “No,” she said.

The Steven blinked his eyes a few times, then rubbed them. “Mmf, ‘m I still having that pee-dream?” He reached and pinched one of his arms, waking up further with a squeaking “Ouch!” Now, certain that he was awake, he frowned. “I really have to go, Peridot, I— Huh?”

Peridot had not managed to still her writhing body, and now the Steven was awake, alert, and staring right at it.

“I didn’t know you could drink…”

“I did for the first time today,” Peridot said. “And, I swear to the stars that I never will again!”

“Okay, you don’t have to do it again,” the Steven said. “But first… You can go before I do.”

“I can’t!” Peridot exclaimed, her legs quivering beneath her, her body so overloaded with need that it didn’t seem to be functioning anymore.

“Yeah, you can,” Steven said. “I need to go, but not THAT bad, I can wait…”

“I can’t!” Peridot repeated. “I don’t— I tried to— I tried getting it out through my mouth, and it didn’t work. I tried doing it like you do, and it didn’t work. I can’t get it out, so I’m trying to just break the sack by filling it too much—“

“Break the— Huh?”

“The Amethyst told me to shape-shift a sack inside of myself to put the liquids in. I did, and it’s IN there, but now I can’t get it back out!”

“Uh— Oh…” Steven said, starting to understand her distress. She was an alien, with a body that didn’t actually NEED food or water to sustain itself, so she’d never actually had to go to the bathroom before. If Amethyst hadn’t explained to her what came AFTER the… ‘sack’… “O—Okay, it doesn’t come out of your mouth,” he said. “And… The way I did it… Um…”

“I can’t do that, either…” Peridot said simply. “It’s just going to be… Stuck there… Unless—“ her eyes widened with apparent newfound hope. “Steven! Attack me! If you make me poof, then maybe—“

Steven was already flinching at the idea. He didn’t want to hurt her! But, if that was the only way to save her from an even WORSE pain… “Uh—Um… Let’s save that for a last resort, okay?”

“Steven!”

“I just— I wanna try one more thing, okay?” Steven said. “Now… Um… I guess Amethyst didn’t tell you anything about how… How to…” This was so embarrassing… He never thought he’d have to teach someone how to pee! But, Peridot was so miserable, he was HERE, he couldn’t just leave her to suffer.

“She didn’t say what comes after it’s in the sack. I— I saw you get it out once before, but I couldn’t figure out how to make the fountain, and—“

“M—Make the fountain, r—right…” Steven said. He was fairly certain Peridot didn’t have… Um… The… The ‘equipment’ to ‘make a fountain’. Come to think of it, did the gems have ‘equipment’ at all? He’d never thought about it before, but they didn’t have babies the way humans did, so probably not? They could probably shape-shift… something if they really wanted to— But, Peridot didn’t really need ALL that just to—

“Steven!” Peridot whimpered once again, now partially doubled over as she fought as hard as she could against the protesting, angry, filled to oblivion sack searing so brutally between her hips. “Stop making ridiculous faces and just poof me already!”

“Okay, okay!” Steven exclaimed. “Uh— Listen, do— Do you have— Um— Do you— He balled up his fists, and shut his eyes as he felt himself burning under the heat of his own awkwardness and embarrassment. “Just— Just an opening between your legs? That’s… All you need for this, okay?”

“An opening between my— No,” Peridot said. “What kind of an—“

“Just… A little hole, okay? That’s all. Can you… I don’t know, shape-shift one?”

Peridot thought about it. Just a little opening? Yes, she could picture that— She could— Oh, stars! The desire to hold herself was back, and stronger than ever before! She clutched herself, hopping in place, the contractions in her middle were sickening in their sheer violence, bolts of agony colliding with her and refusing to relent for even a second! The sack was about to burst— Oh, please, let it burst!

“Just— Try to make one, and—“ Steven turned around, faced the wall. Even if gems DIDN’T have the sorts of parts he wasn’t supposed to be seeing, he still thought Peridot deserved her privacy. “And then you pull down your clothes, and sit on the toilet, and go. Okay?”

Peridot hurried to follow his instructions. It felt like maybe the opening was there now, because she swore there was a bit of dampness between her legs, once her clothing was down around her ankles she threw herself onto the toilet seat, anticipating the release she’d been seeking for so long.

But, it didn’t come… She heard a few droplets collide with the water in the toilet bowl, which at least confirmed that the liquid had a way OUT now, but she wasn’t letting go of a stream like the Steven did…

Steven heard the little droplets and let himself relax a little; Peridot was on the right track anyway… She COULD go, she just needed to LET herself do it. Hearing her let out a pained groan, Steven tried to guide her a little more. If only this weren’t so hard to explain… When he peed, he never had to think through the process, the mechanisms of how it worked. He just… Went. “You have to relax the muscles in your lower half, I think. Okay? And… Think about the ocean.”

Peridot was unsure what the ocean had to do with it, but as she pictured the beach outside of the Steven’s house, the waves that lapped at the shore, a new sensation took hold of her, a snapping in her middle that was followed by…

What was perhaps the BEST feeling Peridot had ever experienced. It was like something inside of her was rapidly shrinking, fading away, pain was lifting off of her body gradually, being replaced by a tingling pleasure, like the most exquisite massage imaginable. She felt electric, buzzing with a giddy euphoria that made her gasp and pant and shake as she sat there, liquids running out of her in a hard, fast, roaring gush.

The release she had been craving was loud, a sputtering hiss that echoed as it sprayed into the bowl. “Ahhhhh….” She exhaled, overwhelmed by all of the new, wonderful feelings she was being inundated with. She had never known agony could transform into bliss like this. She had never known that something could torture her one second and make her feel so good the next.

Steven felt himself going red up to his ears as he heard Peridot pee for what was definitely the first time in her life. He couldn’t shake the feeling that he wasn’t SUPPOSED to be here for this. It was a private thing— Even if Peridot likely didn’t realize that herself. He was, nevertheless, glad that she’d managed to go, and that he didn’t have to try damaging her until she poofed.

Peridot felt a gradual hollowness return to her midsection, and after a few more seconds, the sound of liquid splashing below her ceased. She was a little surprised. “Huh? It stopped…”

“Yeah,” the Steven explained, still facing away from her. “That means you’re done. It’s all out now.”

“Oh,” Peridot said. She stood from the toilet and pulled up her clothing. “I’m wobbly…” she noted.

“Er… That might be because of how badly you needed to go,” the Steven said, turning back around. “It will go back to normal later.”

Peridot bounced on her feet again, but this time there was no urgency behind the action. “I feel so light. That felt… I’ve never felt anything like it before!”

“I know,” the Steven said. “You’d never done it. Now, um, could you get behind the shower curtain? I still have to go.”

Peridot nodded, she had a new understanding of Steven’s needs now, and didn’t want to keep him in discomfort any longer. “On second thought, perhaps I will drink again,” she decided. “Now that I know how to get rid of it, I want to feel that again.”

“Peridot, you shouldn’t hold it if you don’t have to!” The Steven scolded over the sound of the toilet seat being lifted.

