The Yellow Spider

Author: sleeping_cat01

*000*2022-04-03 12:43

In celebration of my 100th post on this website: The Yellow Spider

You've probably watched at least one horror movie. You've probably been spooked by creatures from your nightmares threatening to appear in real life too. People generally have two responses to these stories: either they try to convince you that it is only in your head and nothing to be taken seriously, or they insist that it is indicative of some deep insecurity and they demand to be allowed to help you overcome it. I personally find both responses quite extreme and emotional, unreasonable even. Anyhow, a yellow spider has been appearing around me lately, and don't like it.

I guess it all started around April or May, when I was watching a lot of trollge videos on YouTube. Some of the videos are quite disturbing. Especially some of the many-limbed configurations of the creature in the final incident frames could be described as Lovecraftian. I remember briefly feeling uneasy when a friend sent me a picture of a microchip, captioned "The ones with many arms." My descent, if you will, only became noticeable much later.

I think it was the 27th of July when I first showed any serious fear of spiders. To be fair, a not-exactly-small (5 cm long if you include the legs, I'd say) brown spider suddenly dashing out from below the fridge as fast as it can would make almost anyone jump. I, however, was trembling for a while even after the spider disappeared somewhere under the stove. I had never felt that before. Insects, especially ants, have pushed me to the brink of panic countless times, but spiders had been different until right then. Luckily I was not carrying a hot cup of tea or coffee because that could have gone flying across the kitchen. Yeesh.

In early November I was thoroughly shaken by a horror movie about some French cricket farmer. I got no sleep that night, and ever since, I have had weekly nightmares about all kinds of creeping and crawling hellspawn. I try to deal with this in my daily life, but seeing a silverfish skittering around on the floor makes my heart rate jump through the roof on my worse days. Somehow, I manage, but I think things need to change. I'm probably not okay.

So, last Thursday, I was in a surprisingly active mood and bought some cider. That might have been a mistake. You can probably guess where this is going. The evening was nice. For the first time in a while, I could properly relax. That could be taken as another sign of not being okay: needing alcohol to relax is not normal. I stayed up until around midnight, mostly watching YouTube compilations of funny anime moments. Then I just kind of sank into the comfort of my bed, still wearing my black T-shirt and sweatpants, and fell asleep.

Now, I think there is nothing wrong with falling asleep and nothing wrong with having some wild dreams, but I do wish that I had never had this particular dream. It started with a nice enough scene where I slowly opened my eyes and found myself on a cold dungeon wall like some decorative crucifix. I heard footsteps approaching me slowly. I tried to lift my head to see what manner of creature had caught me, but my neck was too weak. I could only wait for them to appear on the floor in front of me.

I felt myself start shivering and sweating as the thin, almost skeletal woman in a tattered deep purple dress stepped into my view. I remember her cutting the ropes that held me above the floor. I also remember that her bony fingers had an incredibly strong grip on my wrist, as she dragged me across cold stone-floored hallways. It was quite painful, as she was almost running. Maybe she wasn't supposed to be there at all. Maybe she was a demon. Maybe someone was chasing us and I was too out of it to tell.

She threw me across the carpeted floor in a much nicer, warmer room, probably her room, and slammed the heavy door shut. The room had probably not been cleaned in months; even the carpet felt a little sticky. I have no idea what colour her bedsheets had originally been, and their current yellowish grey state gave no clues. As the stale air and smell of damp were starting to bully my nose, I could hear voices approaching the door:

"Damned be! Has she broken out again?"

"Apologies, master. I shall properly seal the door this time."

"All because of the damned spider..."

So, I was soon to be locked in a room with a crazy, possibly supernatural lady. One could have called it a bruh moment, but I was too busy being scared and confused. The voices outside the door had mentioned a spider was involved in all of this, but I could not see any obvious signs of recent arachnid activity in the room, at least not on first glance. I tried to figure out how to at least sit up, but my head was spinning too much. Even though I could feel the sticky carpet beneath my fingers, I could not figure out what I should do with that information. An intensifying pain somewhere above my nose accompanied the following fade to black.

As I struggled to open my eyes, my fingers grasped a damp forest floor. The texture felt vaguely familiar. Sure enough, once my eyes could see, I could confirm that I had been lying on a sturdy mat of decomposing maple leaves. My body felt stiff and sore, but I managed to get on my hands and knees at least. A turkey gobbled in the distance, then another, and another. I almost jumped to my feet when I heard footsteps behind me, but was quickly calmed down by the blank stare of just another turkey. Briefly, questions about the turkey's weight arose in my mind, but I decided that letting a turkey step on me would not be much fun.

I stood up in a maple forest populated by turkeys. Wearily wandering around, I barely disturbed the turkeys at all. They seemed oddly tame. Overall, this calm environment was quite pleasant: no dangers, no threats, no pain, no violence. I could stroll in the midst of large but docile birds without a care. It all seemed a bit too good to be true, but I did not mind, at least not yet. It was too early to worry.

Before I had even taken thirty steps, the smooth grey light of the overcast sky was already blinding my eyes. I stood still and stared at the brown forest floor to recover from the unpleasant brightness. The mat of fallen leaves had a strange-looking bump, not more than two paces ahead of me. It began to grow, and a hairy yellow ellipsoid began to emerge from the forest floor. Soon it had legs, too. In disbelief, I tried blinking a lot, but that only blurred my vision. Within three breaths, a large yellow spider had appeared before my eyes.

The back of my head felt heavy. I decided I would be better off sitting down. As soon as I moved, the spider immediately bolted to the side and disappeared behind a tree trunk. A gentle breeze tried to wash away the uneasy silence. It helped a little but not enough. Slowly looking around, I could see nothing but dead leaves and trunks of maple trees. No more turkeys. What a boring dream.

I do not remember closing my eyes, but they had closed. I was lying on my left side, leaves almost in my mouth. My eyes would not open. I felt an increasing, pulsating pressure behind my eyes and in my nose, in my throat and just above my waist. There was no taste. There was no smell. There was just something in me, too much of it, in fact. I was full of it. I felt it swirling in my stomach and foaming in my mouth. Then everything felt better again, and I opened my eyes.

I was still in that forest, lying in the leaf litter. This time, however, a yellow spider was staring into my eyes. It must have been a different spider because this one had something like a white veil on its abdomen, stretching behind it, billowing in the wind that was starting to pick up. A new wave of pressure behind my eyes forced them shut. It kept coming in waves now. I wanted to scream.

The next thing I felt was someone wiping my mouth with a rough cloth. Then I felt a burning in my nose, mouth and throat, along with a smell that was almost a punch to my nose in its own. Through opening my eyes, I discovered that I was in that dirty room with the sticky carpet. I had thrown up, but somehow there was barely any of it on me at all. A glimpse of purple provided an explanation: the demon lady had taken care of me. I wished she was real. I wished I could stay, but I knew it was not meant to be. I could not spend the rest of my days in a dream.

She grabbed my wrist and began to pull. She dragged me to the window and onto the sill. Then she picked me up and jumped. A dark warmth surrounded me, and the demon in the purple dress vanished. I turned to my right side. My knuckles met a concrete wall. It felt familiar. The linen sheet under me also felt familiar. Once more, I opened my eyes, letting some morning light hit my eyes. I had woken up. At home.

The warmth was gone; in fact, I was quite cold. There was also a familiar smell around. It was the kind of smell that tickles your nose and tries to shove one plastic straw through each of your nostrils. And sure enough, the wetness started around the lower back of my T-shirt. I was not going to get up yet, though. My bed was still way too comfortable.

