Road Trip Gone Wrong

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2022-08-01 01:24

When summer rolls around, that always means vacations for Reese and their friends Seth, Jackson, Marco, and Elliot. The group always went on a vacation together for summer, and this years destination was the beach! Because they couldn’t all be together in a car, Reese went with Seth in his car and Jackson, Marco, and Elliot went in a car. The group had decided that they would all meet up at the same gas stations between breaks so that they could track where everyone was. Reese had gone over to Seth’s house early that morning, and the two were in the car and on there way. The beach was a couple hours away, so they wouldn’t get there until dinner. Seth turned on some music and the two chatted for a bit, the drive going well for the first hour and a half. Seth was usually tired, so he had brought coffee with him since it was early in the morning, and it seemed as if the liquid had caught up with him while they were stuck in some traffic due to people going on road trips and such.

”Ugh, this stupid traffic! And we won’t be able to get to a rest stop soon after it clears out.” Seth mumbled, shifting in his seat.

Seth clearly had to go badly, and Reese looked around for possible things they could use. They had brought a few water bottles, and Reese’s was mostly full… but…

”I can chug my water bottle and you can uh… use it.” Reese replied.

Seth looked over at them. “Are you sure?”

Reese nodded. “It’s not like I’ll be able to use it for anything else other than drinking water, and I’m fine right now.”

Seth let Reese finish off the bottle. While Reese was drinking the water, their friend squirmed a little more. Reese handed Seth the empty bottle and looked away, the sound of the bottle quickly filling up coming soon after. Seth put the full bottle in the backseat and smiled at his friend sheepishly.

”Uh… thanks.” Seth said.

”no problem.” Reese gave their friend a pat on the shoulder. “that’s what friends are for.”

The traffic moved slowly, and the two were stuck there for an hour and a half before they were finally able to get back on the road. By then, Reese could feel their bladder filling quite a bit, but stayed silent. There would be a lot of traffic on the way to the beach, so they could when everyone got lunch. Despite the air conditioning, the car was very hot. Reese kept getting water, and their conversations with Seth helped them keep their mind off their need. But as they kept going, their need got stronger. It was about midday when the group was finally able to get lunch.

“We’re getting takeout at Panera since we’ve been stuck in traffic most of the day, and it’ll only get worse from here.” Seth said.

”Oh…” This wasn’t good news for Reese, but they didn’t want to make everybody stop. “Alright!”

”You okay?” Seth asked.

Reese nodded, trying their best not to shift around. “I’m fine!”

They finally were about to get in the car line for Panera when Seth suddenly hit the brakes. Reese went flying forward only to be caught by their seatbelt, but the seatbelt pressed against their bladder and caused it to leak. Reese squirmed to get it under control, and luckily Seth was busy honking at someone and glaring at another car.

”That guy could’ve hit us! You alright Reese?”

Reese quickly stopped squirming as Seth looked at them. “That surprised me, but I’m alright.”

Seth gave Reese a look and then got in the car line. The two got their orders and then were on the road again. Reese looked over at Seth.

”When do you think we’ll head on over to a rest stop?”

“Probably in the next 30 minutes.” Seth replied. “Why?”

”I just want to stretch my legs, that’s all.” Reese lied.

The next 30 - 40 minutes passed agonizingly slow for Reese as they forced themself not to squirm or hold their crotch. Their bladder slowly continued to fill, and by the time they got to a rest stop, Reese was incredibly uncomfortable. Reese saw a family restroom and walked towards it, trying to open the door. They frowned when it was locked, but then looked up and saw the “Out of Order.” Sign. Just my fucking luck. Reese thought frustratedly. They thought about using the girls restroom, but they didn’t want to deal with that again. Reese simply shook their head and rejoined the group, trying not to fidget.

”Everyone ready to head out?” Elliot asked, smiling.

”Yep!” Reese said, forcing a smile.

Everyone headed back to their cars, and Reese got back in the passenger seat of Seth’s car. The two drove a bit, and Reese was leaking a lot from not using anything to hold in their pee. Rain started to pick up, and Reese only grew more desperate. A MASSIVE leak suddenly escaped their bladder, and Reese quickly crossed their legs and grabbed their crotch.

”Reese, did you not use the bathroom at our stop?” Seth asked.

”I-It was out of order.” Reese could feel their cheeks getting warm.

”I’ll find a rest stop after we get out of this traffic asap, I promise.” Seth said.

While the effort was sweet, Reese knew that they wouldn’t even be able to get out of the car without peeing themselves. Not even a second after the thought, Reese’s bladder completely let go and pee flooded their shorts and the seat. Reese felt their eyes water.

”I-I’m sorry, this is so embarrassing…”

Seth put a hand on Reese’s shoulder. “Hey, don’t be upset. It was a genuine accident, and I can clean the seat. I just feel bad you held it so long.”

Reese smiled at their friend. “thanks for being so nice.”

”I’m your friend silly, I’m supposed to be nice. I won’t tell anyone else about this, I promise. We can clean you up at a gas station or something.”

(More adventures with Reese and their friends are coming soon)

