Struggles Of Being A Wushu Athlete

Author: Sly13093010

*000*2024-12-12 13:27

Ness and Kyra were an inseparable duo. Ness was of average height and has great boobs and butt. Kyra is tall, and also has great boobs and butt. As members of the national wushu team, they trained together, played together, played together and inevitably, held their pee and poop got insanely long periods at a time together. As wushu athletes, they were expected to maintain a high level of discipline and control, even over their bladders and bowels. As such, they were used to having to hold large amounts of piss and shit for long periods of time.

One day, after a 5 day school camp, they decided to still go to training. They had to rush to the training area 1 hour away and were almost late, this resulted in them not being able to take a much needed toilet break. The duo were bursting. They both had not emptied their bowels at all during the camp as the camp toilets were dirty and there were always other people in the toilet with them, hence not being able to do their business in peace. They even limited their pee breaks, only peeing once in the morning and night before bed, though ness broke once in a while and sometimes go to the bathroom thrice.

Both ness and Kyra had not even peed in the morning that day due to the rush of waking up late and having to check store. Now in late afternoon, it had been 17 hours since their last bathroom break, including their 8 hours of sleep. 17 whole hours since their bladders have been emptied. In addition to the gargantuan amount of piss they are holding, they still had 5 days worth of shit cramped up in their intestines, 6 for Kyra as she didn’t shit the day before the camp. They were utterly bursting, at both ends.

“Do you think coach will cut me some slack and let me use the bathroom? I really have to piss. And shit.” A younger girl named Rea asked Kyra. Rea is a year younger than ness and was short. Though she was quite skinny, she has decent boobs and a firm ass that shows in the long pants that they wear during training. Kyra grimaced and replied sympathetically , “Rea, we have been in the team for years, and we had not seen coach let anyone use the bathroom yet. Even if that led to accidents, and believe me, they happen”, “also, both me and ness hadn’t took a shit in days. Stupid camp, we hadn’t even peed today yet.” She continued. Hearing this, Rea squirmed and pressed against her pussy through her white panties hard, trying to keep her bodily juices and waste at bay.

The whole training,ness, Kyra and Rea practically had their hands glued to their pussy and ass, desperate to keep all their pent up liquid and waste, which have been stuck in their bodies for way to long, inside them. Once training was over and their coach dismissed them, oblivious to their struggle, ness, Kyra, Rea and kaelyn, a quiet girl ness’s age who has her build and as pretty as her, hobbled to the bathroom, hands glued to their crotches and asses.

Rea reached the toilet first as despite her significantly shorter legs,ness, kyra and kaelyn were on the brink of leaking, hence having to hobble even slower than Rea.

Once Rea entered the much sought after bathroom, she gathered all her remaining energy to sprint into the first cubicle she saw, not even bothering to close the door in her haste. Tearing her long pants and panties down, soaked from the constant leaks, she threw herself onto the toilet bowl, landing with her firm ass planted on the bowl. Immediately after she felt her panties part from her pussy, clear piss instinctively gushed out of her parted pussy lips furiously.

After about 10 seconds of sweet, long awaited relief, her bowels made the urgent load of mushy poop which has been denied exit by the thin wall of her anus, known. Suddenly, her bowels shifted. Mushy poop cascaded forcefully out of ria’s tired anus and dropped into the awaiting waters below with loud splashing sounds, causing her to let out a loud moan of relief, her face turning red in embarrassment.

All this while her pee stream had only grown stronger. Pee still forcefully gushed into the water, creating a mini whirlpool and producing a deafening pshh sound. Finally, after emptying her bladder for over a minute, and her bowels for 2, poop dropping out of her nonstop like a paintball gun for the 2 minutes, her stream from both ends, tapered off. Rea could only sit on the toilet, drained, and listen to the commotion happening beside her.

Not long after Rea entered the toilet,ness, Kyra and kaelyn hobbled into the toilet desperately simultaneously, trying to ignore the sight of Rea having a much needed release from both ends. They could clearly see clear piss gushing hard in between her wide spread thick thighs from her pussy and mushy shit tumbling out of her asshole with a face of relief and jubilation. The other 3 of them had one hand plastered on their pussy and ass, desperately trying to keep it all in for a little longer.Ness and Kyra were just a little faster than kaelyn, hence occupying the 2 stalls beside rea’s stall. Horror of horrors! When kaelyn looked up, she could barely believe her eyes. There were no more available toilets! Clutching her stomach and increasing her grip on her ass, she could only whimper and use all her might to hold it in. Just a little longer.

When ness burst into the stall and saw the toilet bowl eagerly awaiting her, she moaned in anticipation and clawed at her pants. She ripped down her pants and panties in one movement and practically leapt onto the toilet bowl as her pent up piss started shooting out of her and her agitated bowels clenched painfully, trying to force out her waste which has been stuck in her system for way too long. She moaned in delight as she released a laser-beam of pee and poop. Pee exploded out of her fiercely, causing her pussy to part to accommodate the pee stream, thick as a pencil and flowing like a dam had just burst. Her anus dilated and released log after log of pent up poop. Once again she let out a loud moan and whimpered as she felt her bladder and bowels emptying at last. After 2 and a half minutes of gushing pee, her pee tapered off and with a shutter, her poop finally stopped emerging after 5 minutes.

When Kyra barged into the last stall all the way to the left of Rea, her bladder and bowels contracted and she could feel herself losing control. Spurt after spurt of pee began bursting out of her into her panties and her shit started to prairie-dog, forming a small bump on her delicate pale pink panties. Hearing the almost orgasmic releases happening to her right certainly did not help things. She clawed at her pants, trying desperately to pull down the fabric denying her long overdue release.

After too long of writhing and fighting with her long pants, she pulled it down together with her panties and let go. With a loud roar, piss started shooting out of her naked pussy in a hard and long stream. After a minute of breathtaking relief, 2 huge farts erupted from her ass, temporarily stopping her strong pee stream. Immediately after, large and firm logs of shit started forcing itself out of Kyra’s body. Soon into her bowel movements, her now agitated front cannon released its waterfall that had been rudely interrupted. 2 intense minutes of peeing later and 4 minutes of pooping, Kyra slumped into the toilet, utterly spent and drained after holding her needs all day.

Just outside the stalls, kaelyn was still in agony. Digging her hands into the folds of her pussy and asshole, she squirmed in desperation, praying that a cubicle will open its doors. Just then, Rea opened the door of her cubicle. At the sight of this, Kaelyn’s shit pushed hard against the thin walls of her anus, demanding to be let out. Spurt after spurt of piss started shooting out of her, making her moan at every drop being let out against her will. she was losing it.

Using the last of her energy, she ran into the cubicle which Rea had blown up. Not caring about the earthy smell of ria’s poop that enveloped the cubicle, she tore down her pants and panties. Just then, she lost full control. Both pee and poop rushed for the exit as she pulled down her panties. Piss shot onto the floor and shit ejected from her anus and plopped into the toilet water. She let out a guttural moan as she sat down, pee and poop still rushing out forcefully. Piss continued to gush out of her pussy in a furious rush and log after log after log of shit plopped into the toilet from the pink of her anus. Panties soaked through and stained brown at her ankles, kaelyn continued to release the pee and poop that had tormented her all day for 3 and 6 minutes respectively each minute utterly well spent moaning her heart out.

After she was done, she started to clean up. She took some toilet paper, folded it neatly and used it to wipe her pussy in one motion, making her moan softly. She had never experienced this before, she never felt this way while wiping herself after peeing. But then again, she had never let herself gotten this desperate before. Was it because of her holding her piss and shit to the her limit? She vowed to try this again to test her theory. After wiping her pussy, she reached for some more paper and used it to wipe the crack of her ass. Mushy shit smeared the paper as she wiped. She then wiped her ass 4 more times until the paper came back clean. She then stood up, pulled her panties and pants back up, braced herself and left the cubicle.

The sight of the 3 girls waiting outside the cubicle with concern etched on their faces greeted her. Her face burned in embarrassment as the girls pelted her with questions. Being the quiet girl she was, she didn’t know how to answer. Finally, she revealed that she had been holding her pee in for a whole day and her poop for a week as she went on vacation with her family and her parents insisted she went to training anyways. As she was introverted, she didn’t poop once over the 7 days and only peed once a day. The girls were shocked and Rea even gasped loudly. Kaelyn could only smile sheepishly as she walked out of the toilet, she will remember this day forever. And… promised to explore a new kink she found out she had.

*001*2025-01-03 09:21

Bumping this since it took a while for this to be approved lol

