Mental Passion

Author: sexappeal

*000*2024-12-29 17:08

I pick you up early Sunday morning. It’s January, it’s cold, but we decided to go to see the Winter Lake. We travel, we laugh, we feel good together. Then a long walk. The frozen face, the numb feet, and the swollen bladder. We both think it, I see it in your eyes, and you in mine, but we talk about something else. We find a village bar. A hot tea. You look around the small place. You look for the bathroom. I would gladly follow you. But the place is small. If there is a bathroom, it will be behind the counter, who knows? Your request remains silent. We go out, we continue to explore the village. I see a worry on your beautiful face. You are worried. The need must be pressing. But you say nothing. And neither do I.

It’s lunchtime. There’s not even a sign of a restaurant. We see a delicatessen. We go downstairs. We get two ham sandwiches, I get a beer, you get a Coke. We eat in the car. Then we continue walking. We continue laughing, but in our eyes there is only an anguished need. We are both bursting. I can see it from the way you walk, rubbing your jeans. Maybe you understand it from the way I shift my weight from one foot to the other. We both know that the other knows, but neither wants to break the silence of this wonderful complicity. We are afraid of not making it. It would be nice to abandon ourselves now, and feel the warmth restore our frozen limbs. But we also know that it would be inappropriate. And so we wait.

We look at the clock. It’s 5:00 PM. We’ve been out since 9:00 AM. It’s time to go back, you say. We have a two-hour drive home ahead of us. But I don’t want the game to end. I want to push it to its limit, where risk merges with recklessness. And so I suggest: “one last hot chocolate?” A shadow crosses your gaze. You seem distressed. But you take up the challenge. You smile at me. You shake my hand. Great idea, you say. Let’s look for a bar. This one is bigger than the other. There must be a bathroom, I think. But I’m sure you’re thinking that too.

We go in. We sit at the table. I order two hot chocolates. You look around again. This time it’s obvious, the bathroom is at the back of the place. A tiny door that suggests a single stall, unisex. We both look at it. We look into each other’s eyes. A silent question. Each waiting for the other to speak. You’re about to open your mouth, but the chocolates arrive. Hot heat in your stomach, but more liquid in our tortured bladders. Nine hours in the cold. The swelling sends shivers down my spine. I wonder if you’re feeling the same way I do. I wonder if we’ll get up, and line up for the bathroom, or face the torture of two hours in the car, your legs crossed on the passenger seat, my furtive hand clutching what my muscles can barely hold anymore.

You drink quickly. Maybe you have a plan. Then I slow down. While you drink I talk, so as not to drink. I want you to finish before me. I want to make you the architect of our destiny. It excites me to think that maybe you have decided. And I want to savor to the full the discovery of how you will lead the game. Now smile. You no longer have the worry on your face that I read. I just have to wait and I will know. You drink, you are finished, I still have half a cup full. You understand that I slowed down to give you a chance. And you take it. “I’ll be right back” you say, you take your bag, you get up and you give me a wonderful smile. You head towards the little door. You turn once more to look at me. Another smile. It almost seems like you want to kiss me. Too bad you haven’t done it yet. You close the little door behind you.

Now I run with fantasy. My heart is in my throat. I imagine your frantic movements to free yourself from your jacket, open your jeans, pull them down to your ankles, pull down your panties, bend over... and finally free yourself from a raging river. I imagine the jet hitting the porcelain with force. I imagine your beautiful face in ecstasy, your head slightly tilted back, your eyes to the sky savoring the physical pleasure. I then imagine the feeling of well-being that takes over you, as you slowly get dressed. Your muscles relaxing. That post-orgasmic sense of complete abandon. But I know that this is not your only pleasure. Your brain, like mine, wanders, looking for something more.

You come out, you are radiant. You come towards me. I have finished my chocolate. You join me at the table, but you do not sit down. I look at you with a question written on my face. I am tense, very tense, and this contrasts with your tender smile. You hold out your hand. I take it. You say: “shall we go?” I stand up, I smile at you too. I put an arm around your shoulders, and I answer in a faint voice: “let’s go”. We can’t wait to hear what might happen. We both know that we are about to experience another two hours of silent, but overwhelming, mental passion.

