Yuki's accident (FRUITS BASKET)

Author: Serena4560

*000*2017-06-24 02:01

I DONT OWN FRUITS BASKET

They were on a long car trip. It took a long time to get to the lake house and not using the bathroom before leaving is a big mistake. But as luck would have it, not only did Yuki not go before leaving the house but he had the worlds tiniest bladder and his bladder didn't last even if he did go before leaving. They were only half way there. Shigure was driving (cause somehow he got a drivers license) and tohru was in the passengers seat. Somehow they thought that it was a good idea to leave Kyo and Yuki next to each other.

Kyo noticed that Yuki was figeting. Normally this was normal, they would stop at a QT(I DONT OWN QT) or a racetrack(I also don't own racetrack) since he had such a weak and small bladder and couldn't hold it as long as others could, but this time was different. For starters he normally had to go when they were closer to the lake house than this and that's when he starts to have to go and also he would tell shigure he had to go once he started figeting but he seemed to be quite about it.

"Yuki are you ok?" Kyo whispered not wanting the whole car to 1, hear him being nice to the rat and 2, to have there attention on the 2 because it might embarrass Yuki.

"yeah I'm ok." Yuki replied also whispering. His figeting increased as the went over a speed bump.

"Do you need to use the bathroom?" Kyo whispered.

"yeah but I'll be ok until we get there." Yuki whispered.

"no you won't. Your already figeting. You'll end up with an accident if you don't tell shigure now." He whispered

"I said I'll be fine so stay out of it." Yuki snapped but was still whispering

"what are you two whispering about?" Shigure asked "your love for each other?" He liked to tease them. Kyo was about to say what they were talking about when Yuki responder.

"death treats." He said. He was struggling to not figet.

"please don't actually kill each other." Tohru said.

"don't worry miss Honda we won't." Yuki said.

Shigure and Tohru turned back around to face the front and Yuki went back to figeting. An hour passed which meant they had one hour left till they got to the lake house. Kyo kept hearing Yuki whimper. At first he thought it was annoying but after a while he started to feel bad for the young rat.(OMG it's a miracle.) he asked if he could hold it and the rat just nodded. But Kyo knew his cousin better to know he couldn't hold it. Shigure was starting to get worried. Normally by now Yuki would have said he had to use the bathroom. They had passes all the gas stations there would be for another 30 minutes. Kyo was about to pretend to have to go to the bathroom so Yuki would go to when shigure spoke.

"Hey Yuki. You doing alright?" Shigure asked not taking his eyes off of the road.

"yeah I'm ok" Yuki replied.

"there's not going to be any gas stations for another 30 minutes. Ok?" Shigure said

"ok. That's fine." Yuki said but he knew he wouldn't be able to hold it that long.

Shigure was now really worried. Yuki had drunk a whole bottle of water before they left. There was no way that he didn't have to use the bathroom. It had only been 25 minutes. They were now 5 minutes from the closest gas station. Kyo noticed that Yuki at this point had his hands between his legs,legs crossed,and was figeting a lot. Kyo was going to say he had to use the bathroom so Yuki could go when Yuki cut off(poor Kyo. Can't say anything without being cut off).

"um shigure." Yuki said

"Yes Yuki?" Shigure said. He knew what Yuki was going to ask.

"could we, um stop at the gas station" Yuki asked.

"of course. Do you need to use the bathroom?" Shigure asked

"yeah." Yuki said.

"do you need to go really bad." Shigure asked worried about his cousin. Yuki just nodded in response forgetting his older cousin couldn't see him.

"are you going to answer." Shigure asked. Not knowing he had nodded.

"he nodded" Kyo said.

"ok then. Kyo go in with him." Shigure said expecting him to yell and decline.

"fine." Kyo said.

They finally arrived at the gas stating.(they went to shell which I don't own) Kyo got out on his side and some what helped Yuki out of the car. They went into shell(again I Don't own shell). Yuki would slow down every 5 seconds. He had waited way to long to say he needed to use the bathroom and now he was paying the price. Whenever Yuki stopped to make sure he didn't wet himself, Kyo would stop to make sure he was ok. Then they would keep walking. They got to the bathrooms and they tried to door but it was locked.

"Can you hold it?" Kyo asked Yuki.

"I don't know. I can try. I waited to long before saying anything." Yuki said. He looked like he was panicking which surprised the cat because Yuki usually was kept together and didn't panic but this was new to see from the rat.

"calm down ok. That was a stupid question for me to ask. I know you can." Kyo said.

"thanks" Yuki said

The person came out of the bathroom and Yuki practically ran in. Kyo waited 2 minutes for Yuki to come back out but he never did. He started to get worried.

"Yuki. Are you ok in there?" Kyo asked knocking on the door. He could hear silent sobs(don't ask how he can hear it if it's silent. It just sounded right and I wanted to annoy my brother.) coming from the bathroom.

"Yuki what's wrong. Can you unlock the door please." Kyo says as a clicking noise is heard. He tries to open the door but can't.

"Yuki did you just lock the door. Come on let me in ok. I just want to make sure your ok." Kyo said. Another clicking noise is heard and this time the door is unlocked. He opens the door to find Yuki in the floor crying. Kyo closes the door and locks it then walks over to Yuki wondering what's wrong. Then he saw a dark spot on Yuki's pants. He realized why Yuki was crying.

"Shh it's ok. It was an accident. Do you want me to go get some clothes from your bag." Kyo asked. Yuki just nodded.

"ok" Kyo said and he left the bathroom. He got to the car and asked shigure to open the trunk.

" Do you need Yuki's bag? It's on the top. I always put it on the top just in case." He grabbed a pair of pants,boxers,and his inhaler incase he cried to the point he had an attack. He went back to the bathroom. He knocked on the door.

"Yuki its me. I'm coming in." He went in and Yuki was still how he had left him.

"Here you go. Do you want me to stay or leave." Kyo asked

"I um. Can you um..."Yuki started but was interrupted.

"you want me to stay?" Kyo said and Yuki nodded. He started to change and was embarrassed that he had just wet his pants and he was having Kyo help him. Kyo could tell that he was tense so he tried to lighten the mood.

"There is one good part in having a small bladder." Kyo said

"what?" Yuki asked

"if you do have an accident you might get away with people thinking you didn't. Do you get what I mean or am I talking nonsense."yuki laughed a little

"I get what you mean. I guess your right." Yuki said.

"but why did you wait so long."Kyo asked

"I thought i could wait but I was wrong and I didn't get to go at home so that made it even worse." Yuki said and they left the bathroom. They got in the car and it was silent. They finally got to the lake house and no one brought up what happened.

I HOPE YOU LIKED IT. THIS WAS MY FIRST FANFIC ON THIS WEBSITE. IVE BEEN WANTING TO WRITE SOMETHING LIKE THIS AND I FINALLY DID.

THE END

*001*2017-06-24 02:02

I'm scared that I did badly.

*002*2017-07-05 01:12

Im Sad. It's been a while and no one has read this. I really am a bad writer?????????????????????.

