All Day

Author: satyr

*000*2019-12-31 14:20

Remember the classic story The All-Day Girls by Paul Tester? I've long wanted to write a story with a similar premise, but from an outsider's perspective.

In my last year of high school, I noticed a curious trend. One day, I found a large puddle in the hallway near the girls’ bathrooms. A girl in my class, Cynthia, disappeared between classes and nobody knew where she’d gone or why. A few days later, I spotted two girls in my class furiously wiggling in their seats, quite obviously desperate to pee, but neither made any move to go to the bathroom. None of my teachers were strict about bathroom breaks, and in any event, few of the girls were shy enough not to just run off if it was an emergency. This was the twenty-first century, after all, not some Catholic girls’ school in the Victorian era. Nobody was particularly concerned about being prim and proper.

The following week, I was sitting in class when I noticed another girl, Ellie, whom I kind of knew. She was wiggling her bum around in her seat, with her hands conspicuously placed in her lap. On her desk was a half-empty bottle of water, and two other girls who were seated nearby were quietly encouraging her to hold it. I could see her thighs and buttocks straining through the fabric of her tight blue jeans, which, I will admit, was the kind of thing I was prone to noticing. I was an eighteen-year-old boy, after all. I was seated nearby and found the drama unfolding far more interesting than the exploits of Julius Caesar in Gaul, which the teacher was lecturing on. I overheard one of the girls whispering to her, “Just a few more hours, you can do it,” which was a very strange thing to say. After all, classes only lasted fifty minutes and we were halfway into the lesson.

With five minutes left of the lesson, it all came to a head. Ellie let out an audible gasp and removed her hands from her lap, placing them in front of her mouth as if to silence herself. Her eyes fell to her lap, and then I heard a loud spatter. A waterfall exploded out from under her, splattering onto the floor, with smaller rivulets trickling into her sneakers. At first, I think I was the only one who noticed what was happening, apart from the two girls who’d been encouraging her to hold it.

By the time she was done peeing, the classroom had gone silent but for the dripping of her chair, and everyone was staring. Ellie shot up and ran out of the room, the two girls quickly gathering her belongings and hurrying after her. Her entire backside was stained dark blue, down to the backs of her knees, and she was trailing droplets. The urine was perfectly translucent, as if she’d been drinking a lot. I noticed the water bottle on her desk was empty. It made no sense: why would you drink more when you’re struggling not to pee yourself? Everyone in the room was talking. Nobody seemed to quite believe that what they’d seen before their eyes really happened.

Seeing the commotion five minutes before the bell, the teacher dismissed class and hurried out of the room, looking about as embarrassed as if she had been the one who wet herself. I noticed, to my embarrassment, that I was sporting an erection. I wasn’t turned on by Ellie’s accident, I told myself. It was merely a random boner, of the kind I was getting throughout my teens, although admittedly rarely in the past year. I picked up my backpack and carried it in front of my crotch, so as to hide my excitement, and ran out after Ellie. After all, she was a friend, or at least someone I knew and talked to on occasion. And, to be honest, I was starting to get seriously curious about just what the hell was going on.

I wandered the halls aimlessly, until I spotted a trail of small droplets and followed it toward the entrance to the school. I spotted Ellie by the door, just as the two girls she’d been with handed over her things and left. I caught up with her as she was about to leave.

“Ellie, I’m so sorry. What happened?” I said.

She looked at me and blushed, but didn’t seem overly upset. “I want to talk about it, but I can’t,” she said, and then she ran off, still in her soaking jeans. That was about the most intriguing thing she could have said. “I don’t want to talk about it” I could have understood. She would have been embarrassed and just wanted to get home and clean herself up. I want to talk about it, but I can’t? What the hell?

I was going to get to the bottom of this. Apart from the incidents I witnessed—the puddle in the hall, the squirming girls in class, and Ellie’s accident—I had heard several similar stories from others that I didn’t personally witness. Something strange was going on, and from Ellie’s cryptic words and strange behavior, I didn’t think it was just an epidemic of urinary tract infections.

But none of the girls wanted to talk about it, and none of the boys knew anything, although it was all anybody talked about. Luckily, I had an ally. My best friend, Alice, was literally the girl next door. We’d been friends since kindergarten. We had sleepovers where we slept in the same bed. Her parents and mine couldn’t quite believe that we weren’t dating, and we were often mistaken for a couple. One time, I even overheard her father saying to her mother, while they were in the kitchen and didn’t know I happened to be passing by, that “It just wasn’t natural” that a boy and a girl our age would be so close yet not romantically involved. He seemed more bemused than disturbed, however, and as I was passing out of earshot I heard her mother say, “See, Charles, girls and boys can be just friends.”

Well, I was going to get my money’s worth out of this friendship. One day, I was over at Alice’s place. We were supposed to be studying but ended up watching TV together on her bed. “So,” I said to her, leaning in conspiratorially, “what the hell is going on at school with all these girls holding their pee?”

Her eyes widened and she leaned away from me. “Nothing’s going on,” she said, too quickly. As if she’d rehearsed that line.

“Come on,” I said. “Something’s up and you know it. It seems like it’s something all the girls know about, but nobody’s talking.” I was about to mime myself puffing on a pipe, Sherlock Holmes style, when she sighed and leaned back.

“Okay,” she said. “But you have to promise not to tell anyone, especially not any guy friends. They’d kill me if they knew I told you. Promise?”

I nodded and made my solemn promise to keep her secret. It wasn’t like we didn’t have enough secrets on each other to destroy each others’ reputations twice over.

“It’s like, a club,” Alice confided, whispering. “Where girls hold their pee. You can only join if you can hold it for twenty-four hours, and the last leg has to be at school, in front of witnesses. It’s all very hush-hush, but joining makes you really, really cool, to those who know what’s going on.”

I leaned back on a pillow. “You serious, Alice?” I couldn’t believe it. But it did make a certain amount of sense, given what I’d seen.

She nodded. “Dead serious. Promise you won’t tell anyone?”

“I already promised, remember? Don’t you trust me?”

“Of course I do,” she said. “But those girls would really destroy me if they found out I told you.”

I grinned and jabbed her in the side. “So, you a member or what?”

She giggled. “Of course not,” she said. And that was the end of it. We didn’t talk any more about it.

The next couple of weeks, I observed one or two more girls who appeared to be squirming, but nothing quite as spectacular as the previous two weeks. I assumed it was a fad, a really strange trend that was passing.

Then, one day, Alice called my just after school and told me to come over immediately. I’d just chucked my backpack when I got the call, and I rushed over fearing something serious. Had her parents died in a car accident? She was moving away? Something of that nature, something that would really shake up her entire world. Normally she’d just text and I could count on one hand the times she’d actually called me and told me I had to get over there immediately.

“What’s going on,” I said as she greeted me in the hall. “Something serious?”

She cocked an eyebrow and gave me one of her patented half-smiles, I swear, it would drive me crazy every time. “Yes and no,” she said. “No, the dog didn’t die or anything like that. Yes, it’s serious.”

“Well, what is it?” I said, kind of frustrated. She’d gotten me all worried for nothing?

“They asked me to join,” she said.

“What? Who asked you to join what?”

“The girl’s holding club.”

She led me into the living room and we sat down on the sofa. Her parents weren’t due home for another hour and a half.

“I thought that was a fad that died,” I said.

“Well, not really,” she said. “What actually happened was that everybody’s too scared to try after some very public failures. It’s more embarrassing to fail than it’s exciting to join, kind of thing. They won’t risk it. The past couple who tried really chickened out long before the endgame.”

“But they asked you to join?”

She nodded.

“Alice, this isn’t a great idea. What if you wet yourself at school like those other girls?” Secretly, mental images of her soaking wet and embarrassed came unbidden to me, and I felt something stir in my groin, but I tried my best to clamp down on it. I really didn’t want that for her.

“But what if I don’t fail?” She looked at me expectantly, eagerly.

“I thought you didn’t care about being cool,” I said.

“I don’t,” she huffed.

“Then why risk it?”

“You’re so dumb,” she said, and got up from the couch, pacing the room. “I should’ve known you wouldn’t understand. Just, go.”

My heart fluttered. I felt my hands go clammy. We hadn’t had a real fight in years, and I really didn’t want to lose my best friend over such a silly little thing. “Wait, Alice,” I said. “If it’s something you really want to do, I’ll support you.”

She sat down again and took my hand. “Thank you,” she said, and I could see her eyes were a little moist. I couldn’t quite figure out quite what was so important about this, but I knew it was important to her that I cared about what she cared about.

“So, are you going to do it?”

“I’m going to try. You’ll have to help me.”

“Help you?” I said, shaking my head. “How could I help you? Alice, I can’t plug your hole.” I physically cringed as I said it—those words were really not what I’d intended to say—but I plowed on, hoping to cover up any awkwardness. “I mean, I can’t hold your pee for you, so I don’t know that I’d be any help. Unless you want me to help you cheat somehow?”

She shook her head. “No, it has to be legit. I meant, like, be a moral support. You know, the things friends do for each other?”

I blushed. “Okay,” I said. “Tell me what the rules are, and we’ll figure out how to beat them without cheating.”

“Just wait a minute. I have to go pee right now, because it starts at four PM and goes until four the next day.”

“You mean today?”

“Yes, today!” She said, and sprang up from the sofa. It was three minutes to four.

She came back five minutes later, looking relieved. “Phew!” She said. “Close one. I hadn’t peed since this morning and that was the last chance.”

“Why does it have to be today?” I asked. “Wouldn’t it be better to, I don’t know, strategize, plan, practice beforehand?”

She sat down next to me again. “I don’t know why, either,” she said. “I only know Rosie told me I had one shot and it was today, otherwise I wouldn’t be allowed to audition. I had to respond by four today, so I texted her that I’m in while I was in the bathroom.”

“So,” I said. “The rules. As far as I can tell, it’s just you and me, so there’s nobody here to tell if you sneak off to the bathroom.”

“I wish it was that simple,” she said. “It starts at four in the afternoon, just enough time to get home from school, and goes until four the next day. She told me they’ll be observing and timing my pee at the end of those twenty-four hours, and if I don’t pee enough they’ll disqualify me. Only a truly bursting bladder qualifies. Theoretically, I could pee as much as I want to until school begins tomorrow, then they’ll be on me like hawks, but I don’t dare. They wouldn’t tell me what time they’re looking for, but obviously it’s a long one so that you don’t cheat by going to the bathroom or deliberately dehydrating.”

I shook my head. “Surely one pee before bed is fine, then you can fill up in the morning and still have plenty in the tank by four.”

“I don’t dare. Rosie didn’t make the rules, but she told me she had to audition twice because her first time, she made it twenty-four hours and they judged she didn’t pee long enough. She admitted she used your strategy, peeing before bed and trying to fill up the next day, and it didn’t work. I don’t want to do this twice.”

I shrugged. “So you’ll have to do it legit. Good luck. What now?”

Alice got up. “I’m gonna get myself a drink. I’ll try to drink slowly and steadily. Not too much or too little. I can always go for broke tomorrow if I feel like I’m not full enough, but I don’t think that’s gonna be a problem. Twenty-four hours is a long time to hold it even if you’re drinking normally.”

She came back with a glass of water, and we settled down to watch television. We agreed that I’d stay over that night if I could, and try to be there with her for the entire twenty-four hours. We both burst out laughing when we were channel surfing and a rerun of 24 came on.

By seven thirty, we were having dinner with her parents and Alice was on her fourth glass of water. Secretly, I thought this was a little too ambitious, but she didn’t seem too uncomfortable. We’d been in and out of each others’ houses since we were little kids, so it wasn’t unusual for me to have dinner with her parents. Alice’s dad went to work grilling me about my plans for university, which, sadly, were not particularly concrete at the time. Alice was fairly quiet during dinner, and once we’d put the dishes away we retreated to her room. I texted my parents that I was staying the night, and only received an “ok” in reply. That wasn’t anything unusual. I would stay over at hers or she at mine almost weekly. They didn’t know I was staying over to help her audition for a pee-holding cult, or whatever it was.

By nine, Alice was getting a bit antsy. She was moving her feet back and forth, and clearly no longer comfortable. “How are you holding up?” I asked.

“Definitely feeling it,” she said. “I could go for a pee right now, but of course, I can’t. I don’t think I’ll be in any danger until morning, but I’m kind of worried about tomorrow.”

“You’ll do fine,” I reassured her. For all that was worth.

We climbed into her bed a little after ten, which was early for us in those days. I stripped down to my boxers and a shirt, and she took off her shirt and pants, standing there in just her bikini-cut green panties and a matching green bra. I took a moment to admire the inverted-heart shape of her backside when she turned around. Truth be told, I don’t know why I’d never made a move. She had brown shoulder-length hair, cute freckles, and a trim, toned body—and she was my best friend. What more could a guy wish for? And I don’t think she would have minded at all. But maybe that was the problem. We were complacent in our idyllic friendship, and both too scared of what might happen to it if we tried to move it in what, to both of us, should have been a natural direction. I know I caught her staring at my chest sometimes when I undressed in front of her.

We climbed into bed together. “I can never sleep when I have to pee,” she said. “Not after, you know.” In fact, I did know exactly what she was talking about. It probably wasn’t coincidental that the girl’s holding club had targeted her. Alice had a tendency to put off going to the bathroom. This had never caught up to her, except one time. We were fifteen and she was sleeping over at my place. She woke me early in the morning, blushing, to tell me she’d wet the bed. It was soaked. I had to tell my parents, and it was quite embarrassing for both of us. She hadn’t gone to the bathroom before going to bed, but then again she seldom did. She told me it was the first and only time she’d wet the bed since she was in kindergarten, and I believe her. But I could see why she’d be nervous. Now she was deliberately holding her pee, and she was with the person who had witnessed her sole accident since she was a little girl.

“I’m just gonna, you know,” she said, and sidled up close to me, spooning. My dick decided now was the time to act, never mind instructions from upstairs, and stood at attention. It poked at her butt cheek through my boxers, and I cursed myself inwardly.

“Sorry,” I said. I’d explained to her years ago that random boners were a thing that happened to teenage boys all the time, and we’d almost convinced ourselves that errant hormones were the cause, and not Alice’s body.

“It’s okay, I can’t help it that my butt is irresistibly cute,” she whispered and giggled.

If you are now smacking your hand to your forehead at the utter ridiculousness of this situation, of neither of us doing anything about it, I won’t blame you. “It is, but I’m sorry anyway,” I said, and adjusted my position so I wasn’t poking at her backside with a spear. The erection wasn’t going anywhere, though. I put my hand over her side, and she took it and placed it on her abdomen.

“Can you feel it?” She whispered.

“What, are you pregnant?”

“No, asshole. My bladder!” It was protruding slightly, perhaps, but it wasn’t very noticeable.

“You’ll be fine.”

It took us an hour to fall asleep, but we did, close together. My last thought before I fell asleep was that this must be what having a girlfriend was like.

I woke up around six in the morning. Alice was whimpering in her sleep. Her hand had drifted in between her legs, and now her abdomen was noticeably swollen. I gently shook her shoulder to wake her.

“Ugh,” she said, and gave her crotch a squeeze. “I had one of those dreams and now I really gotta pee.”

“What kind of dream?”

“You know, I was at school and I had to pee, but all the bathrooms were locked. Eventually I found one that was free, and I sat down and began peeing, but then I realized I’d forgotten to pull down my pants! Then I woke up and I was sure I’d wet myself.”

“Well, you didn’t,” I said. Then: “Did you?”

“No.”

We laid there silently for a while, but eventually we must have drifted off, because the next thing I knew, the alarm was going off and it was seven in the morning.

Alice didn’t so much get out of bed as roll. She flicked on the light and I could now she her bladder visibly protruding from her abdomen. She stood there wearing just her underwear and crossing her legs. “I’m gonna take a shower. Do you want to shower?” She asked.

“Yeah, sure. You want to go first or should I…?”

She fixed me with a look. “No, I mean, do you want to shower with me?”

This was new. As children, we had bathed together many times, but it was all very innocent. Since we hit puberty, we had seen each other nearly nude many times, even changed in the same room with eyes carefully averted, but this was a step up. Alice had her own bathroom so it wasn’t like we couldn’t do it discreetly. Not like her parents would have minded if they knew, either. But still…

“Oh-okay,” I said, a little flustered. She blushed, seemed to consider retracting the offer, but then she nodded.

“Just gonna go to the bathroom real quick,” I said, leaping out of bed and running into the bathroom before she could spot my growing limb. I sat down on the toilet and pulled out my dick, thinking of Alice’s potty dance in her underwear. I finished in a minute, then cleaned myself up, feeling slightly dirty. But I knew I’d done what I had to do if I was going to shower with Alice and not make it awkward.

I opened up the door and she came in, having already discarded her bra. I tried not to stare at her tits. She looked at me like, “well, are you gonna get naked or what?” So I began undressing. I dropped my shirt, she dropped her panties, I dropped my boxers. We faced each other, studying the other’s nude form. “This is kind of weird,” I said.

“Don’t make it weirder by talking about it,” she said, and took my hand, leading me to the shower. I noticed she was clean shaven downstairs and self-consciously noted that my bush could use a trim. I hadn’t planned on anyone seeing it.

The shower was fit for two, but we had to stand shoulder to shoulder. She handed me a bar of soap and turned on the water. I began soaping myself up, considering offering to do it to her, thought better of it and handed it over. She applied the soap in silence. Once we were done with the actual cleaning up part of showering, we stood together under the cascade of water and she suddenly grabbed my hand. She placed it on top of her bladder and whispered, “Can you feel it now?”

I nodded. It was bulging, and she was having trouble standing still, knees occasionally beginning to buckle. She released my hand and shut off the water.

We didn’t speak of what had happened—had anything happened? But as we were toweling off and getting dressed, she shot me a smile, and I smiled back, and I knew we had both enjoyed it. Whatever it actually meant for our relationship.

We entered the kitchen together, fully dressed, and I didn’t think it was obvious that anything unusual had happened, but it must have been. We must have been practically glowing. Alice’s dad gave me a wink over his shoulder, and I blushed, trying to imagine what he must think. Oh, well. Everyone already assumed we were a couple. At least our disposition served to hide the fact that Alice couldn’t stand still, potty-dancing in place. If her dad hadn’t been busy being smug in the belief that his daughter had finally hooked up with the boy he had always considered his son-in-law in waiting, he would have surely noticed. She crossed her legs, bobbed up and down, and paced around the kitchen as she made us a coffee each.

I marveled at her composure as she drained the coffee. How she could stand to drink anything knowing how desperate she already was, and how long she had to wait was beyond me.

We got on the bus and chose a seat at the back. Alice was dressed in a light blue pair of jeans, checkered shirt under a leather jacket. I knew she’d exchanged the green panties for a pair of red ones—she’d shown me the seat of the old panties to prove she was dry. I couldn’t help but think the jeans were similar to the ones Ellie had worn when she had her accident, and those had shown off her wetting extremely obviously. That didn’t bode well for Alice. I consciously pushed the thought aside. If the morale of the moral support wavered, she’d be done for.

“I don’t think I can do this,” Alice whispered. “I’m already desperate and it’s only eight. Eight more hours!”

“Shush,” I said. “You can make it and you will make it, but you won’t if you give up mentally.”

“I don’t know,” she said, and squeezed her crotch.

“Stop it,” I said. “You’re not allowed to do that until after lunch.”

“Are you ordering me, O Master?” She rolled her eyes.

“I’m being the moral support. Besides, it makes sense. If you pull out all the stops now, you won’t have any tricks left in the bag for when you’re really desperate.”

“I don’t knooow...”

“Sshh. Tell you what. I won’t shower anymore with a girl who just gives up. I’m all about that character.”

She cocked an eyebrow. “But you’d shower with a girl who wets the bed, and maybe even her pants at school?”

“Do you wet the bed? I mean, besides that one time.”

“N-no,” she said. “Never.”

“Well, then,” I said. “Cheer up. I’ll be proud of you no matter what, whatever happens, as long as you don’t give up like a coward.”

“Thanks, coach.”

We arrived at school and were immediately greeted by Rosie and another girl I didn’t know. “Hey, Alice, ditch the boyfriend, this is girls’ business,” Rosie said.

“He’s not my boyfriend and I’m not ditching him,” Alice said, crossing her legs. “There’s nothing in the rules that says you can’t hang out with a friend, no matter their gender, now is there?”

“I suppose not,” Rosie said, grimacing. Then she leaned over and whispered something in Alice’s ear, before walking off.

“What’d she say?”

“She said, he won’t want to fuck you after you piss your pants in front of him anyways.”

“That bitch!”

Alice punched my arm. “Don’t say that, she’s my friend.”

“Sorry.”

“You’re right though, that was a bitchy thing to say. But only I get to call her a bitch.” I shrugged. Girls.

The three first lessons of the day followed a familiar pattern. Teacher drones on. Alice squirms in her seat while sipping from a bottle of water. I am too captivated by her squirming to follow the lesson. But she held on.

In the fourth lesson of the day, I tried to actually follow what the teacher was saying, despite a persistent, unwanted erection. I was so obsessively focused on not focusing on Alice that I almost missed a note being dropped on my desk. I picked it up, and it said only: “I leaked.” Shit.

“Is it bad?” I scribbled back and threw the note over to Alice while the teacher was turning a page in his book.

I looked over at Alice, who had a strained look on her face and was wiggling her bum incessantly in her seat. I saw her look down at her lap, then her shoulders seemed to relax. She threw me another note that said, “not visible.” I replied with:

KEEP CALM

AND

DON’T

PEE

She rolled her eyes at me.

After that lesson was lunch. I lingered at her desk while the other students filed out of the room. Rosie and the other girl who was acting as chaperon told Alice to meet them in the cafeteria, and then left.

Alice stood up, but immediately bent over and grabbed her crotch. “I can’t… walk,” she said. “If I take one step I’m gonna pee.” I could see her bladder now clearly protruding over the waistband of her jeans.

“I’ll carry you,” I said.

“What? That’s ridiculous. And embarrassing.”

“More embarrassing than peeing your pants?”

She sighed. “Okay. Don’t you dare fall or drop me.”

I took hold of her with one hand under her armpit and the other under the backside of her knees, and hoisted her up. Alice clasped her hands around my neck. She wasn’t by any means fat, but walking while carrying a grown woman, even if she weighs only 110 pounds, wasn’t easy.

I staggered my way out the door, and we began the walk towards the cafeteria. Alice whimpered with each step, but I didn’t feel my fingers getting wet, so I dared hope she wasn’t losing it. Not yet.

As we entered the cafeteria, me with Alice in my arms clinging to me, several guys began howling and whistling at us, and one attempted to start up a chant of “Romeo, Romeo.” Immature pricks. Thankfully nobody took up the chant, but I felt my cheeks flush hot anyway.

I set Alice down carefully next to the table where Rosie and the other girl, whose name I’d learned was Carrie Ann, were sitting.

“What’s going on, Romeo?” Rosie asked.

“She slipped and sprained her ankle,” I lied.

“Oh-kay,” Rosie said, rolling her eyes. “Here, I bought you something to drink.” She pushed a large bottle of Coke towards Alice.

“Oh, I don’t know,” Alice said. She had her hands in her crotch.

“Drink.” Rosie said.

Alice looked over to Carrie Ann with pleading eyes. Carrie just shrugged.

Alice attempted to grab the bottle, but immediately retracted her hands and buried them in her crotch again. “Give that to me,” I said and grabbed the bottle. I twisted the cap off and held it out to Alice’s mouth. Slowly, carefully, I poured the Coke into her mouth, waiting for her to swallow. Some trickled down her chin and onto her chest. Little by little, she drank, grimacing between each swallow. I heard people whispering at the tables around us and knew people were staring, but I kept going. After five minutes, the bottle was empty. I smashed it down on the table with a loud thud and looked over at Rosie, daring her to say something. She grinned.

I bought myself a sandwich and ate it. I offered to get Alice something, but she wasn’t hungry. She just sat there squirming and squeezing herself quite openly, but at least she was holding on, after a fashion.

Once the bell rang, Rosie rose and offered a salute, then she left. Other students began filing out.

“What’s up with her?” Alice asked Carrie Ann. “She isn’t usually like this.”

Carrie leaned over and whispered something in Alice’s ear. “Hang in there, girl,” she said out loud, and then she, too, left.

I looked around. We were the only students left in the cafeteria. Alice looked at me with tears in her eyes. “If I get up, I’ll pee,” she whispered. She couldn’t even begin to untangle her hands from her crotch, let alone rise from the chair.

“Try to unbutton your pants, I’ve got an idea,” I said. I didn’t wait for her to follow my instructions. Instead, I ran over and grabbed a large wad of paper towels. “Stick these down your pants,” I told her.

She looked at me like I’d gone mad and was now dancing naked while howling in the wind, but she took the paper towels and tried to stuff them down her pants.

“Okay, now you’re going to slowly release your hands, and I’m going to help you stand,” I said. Alice gritted her teeth, then released her iron grip. I took her hand and pulled her up to stand.

Her eyes went wide and she stood there looking like a deer in headlights for five seconds, maybe ten. Then she slowly looked down at her crotch. I followed her gaze, but I couldn’t see any wetness.

Alice began pulling the paper towels out of her jeans. They were absolutely soaked. Dripping, even. But nothing showed on her jeans. “What are the rules on leaks, anyways?” I asked.

“It doesn’t count if it’s not visible on your pants.”

“Good. Come on,” I said. She took my hand and hobbled out of the cafeteria, dropping the urine-stained paper towels in the thrash. We made it to the classroom just in time for the lesson to begin.

Alice’s desperation in that fifth lesson of the day was a sight to behold. Ellie’s antics just before her accident a few weeks prior was nothing compared to this. She was squirming, crossing her legs, grabbing herself, wiggling her bum, the works. At one point, the teacher even came over to her desk and asked her if she was okay. Alice managed to straighten herself with visible effort—her entire face was one big grimace—and said she was just a little chilly and thought she might be coming down with a cold, but she was fine to continue the lesson. The teacher, Mr. Salsbury, gave her a skeptical look, but let the subject drop. Rosie grinned at her. Carrie Ann leaned over and gave Alice’s shoulder a supportive squeeze.

I think if she’d had to endure two more lessons, Alice would certainly have wet herself at school. But thankfully for her, she didn’t have to. Just as the lesson was wrapping up, the fire alarm went off. Everyone got up from their seat, calmly grabbed their things and began filing out. I helped Alice stand up and she hobbled out, leaning on my shoulder for support.

We all lined up outside the school together with all the other classes. Teachers milled about. Nobody seemed to be going on, but it didn’t seem like a planned exercise. Eventually, the principal came around and announced that classes were dismissed for the day and everyone was to go home immediately. Leave your things inside if you have to, nobody is allowed inside. We later learned that somebody had called in a fake bomb threat as a stupid prank.

Rosie had a car, and offered to drive us to Alice’s place to observe the last stage of the audition. No doubt she was planning to torture Alice some more on the way. We declined and said we’d catch a bus and meet them there.

Alice could barely walk, but we somehow made it onto the bus. We tried to find a seat near the back, where Alice could squirm discreetly, but it was packed and we had to settle for a more central seat. Alice put her school bag in her lap and furiously grabbed herself under the cover.

We got out, me walking and her hobbling, and made our way to her house just as Rosie pulled in with Carrie Ann in tow.

“All right, then, let’s see how this goes,” Rosie said. We made our way inside, and Alice immediately collapsed on the couch, her legs in a pretzel shape and her hands firmly in her crotch. Carrie and Rosie settled in to observe what happened.

To this day, I don’t know how she did it, but she did. She kept holding on. The last half hour, she was crying, I was squeezing her shoulder and begging her to give in before she hurt herself, and she refused. But she held on. Finally, much to Rosie’s frustration, it was four PM and she still hadn’t peed herself. She was red-eyed from crying and looked like a pregnant corpse, all bloated belly and pale, sweaty skin, but she had held on. I helped her stand and then carried her into the bathroom. Carrie Ann helped her unbutton her jeans, since she couldn’t remove them from her crotch. I turned around respectfully as she lowered her jeans, but I could see that her panties were very wet, a dark scarlet patch of urine between her legs. She sat down on the toilet and not a second too early, as a loud, powerful stream hit the water in the bowl. Carrie stood beside me, timing the whole thing on her phone.

It seemed to go on for ages. Finally, the stream seemed to fade and die.

“101 seconds! That’s a new record,” Carrie said. I looked over and she seemed confused, but also impressed.

“You’re disqualified,” Rosie said.

“What?!” I turned around to see Alice, red-faced, exhausted and above all, pissed off.

Rosie pointed towards the panties around Alice’s ankles, which were clearly wet. “Your panties are soaked. You lost, girl.”

“Shut up,” Carrie Ann said. She seemed to have grown a spine. “Nothing showed on the pants, those are the rules.”

“Oh, fuck off,” Rosie said, and stamped out of the bathroom.

“Congratulations,” Carrie said. “You clearly have what it takes. You’re an all day girl.” They shook hands, Alice on the toilet, Carrie bending down as if in salute to a queen. A piss queen. My piss queen, even. She turned to me and whispered, “And you, you’ve witnessed something that you shouldn’t have. Don’t you dare tell anyone.” We shook hands on that, too. Carrie whispered something more in Alice’s ear, then she bid us farewell and left.

I helped Alice stand up and get out of her clothes. She flushed the toilet, then collapsed against me, nude.

“Fancy a shower?” I asked, giving her a cheeky grin.

“Soon,” she said. “I need to rest.” I helped her over to the bed, where she collapsed. She closed her eyes for a moment and I almost thought she’d fallen asleep, when she whispered, “I couldn’t help but notice...”

“What?”

“That this whole thing seemed to excite you. The little man downstairs, especially.”

I blushed. “What, no, I...”

“Come on.”

“Oh, I...”

“You were a little disappointed you didn’t get to see me piss myself,” she said, giving me a smirk.

“No, I wouldn’t want that to happen to you,” I said, truthfully.

“Maybe not, but you were a little disappointed you didn’t get to see it anyway,” she said.

“Maybe.”

“Fear not, Romeo,” she said.

“Don’t call me that.”

“Sorry. But I’ll make it up to you.”

“What? How?”

“Bring me a glass of water.”

I had to admit to myself, much as I didn’t want to, that I had been excited by seeing her so desperate. I was actually more excited to see that than I was to see her naked afterwards.

I returned with a big glass of water to find she’d put on the green panties she’d worn the day before, the ones that made her butt so irresistibly cute. She was topless and shot me a seductive look before downing the water in one go.

We had definitely moved on from being just friends at this stage.

Half an hour later, she was squirming. “I think my bladder’s broken, I’m desperate again,” she said.

“You sure you don’t want the toilet to…?”

“Yes, I’m sure. Unless you want me to,” she said.

I shook me head.

“Oh!” She gasped, and I could see a little wet spot appear between her legs. “I’m leaking again.” She squeezed her crotch.

“Remove your hands,” I ordered her. I don’t know why, but I really wanted her to.

“I can’t,” she pleaded.

“Do it,” I said. “Please.”

She removed her hands. Now she was facing the other way, giving me a look at the slight curve of her spine, at the barely visible marks from where her bra strap had been, and of course, at that irresistible backside. She put one foot out to each side, making a kind of inverted V shape. Then a trickle of wetness spread down between her butt cheeks, before a waterfall of clear liquid cascaded onto the floor. She peed hard and so was my member, standing at attention as she finished. She didn’t pee for long, maybe fifteen seconds, but in that time she’d made a decently big puddle on the floor.

Alice turned to face me. I walked over. I put one hand on her breast, tentatively, but when she didn’t object, I let it trail downwards, ending up at her soaking panties. She put her hands around the back of my neck and pulled me in for a kiss. It was the first time we’d kissed since we were about eight or nine, when for some reason we’d been intrigued by the idea but once we did it, we both concluded it was gross and dumb and why would anyone want to put their wet eating-hole on another person’s food-chute? This kiss was nothing like that. After, we took a shower and did the thing that a man and a woman who love each other very much do together in the shower.

And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how my best friend and I became a couple.


