Karen & Rosalynne’s Christmas Party! (and sleepover)

Author: RagingPython

*000*2019-12-22 18:02

(This story is about the same characters as my my other story about a holiday

, but takes place a few months later at Christmas. I’m going to write some more of the original story later, but as it’s Christmas and I need to get back into practice before continuing my other story as the next chapter will be really important I’m going to be writing this [shorter] story first.)

Chapter 1:

“Dear Diary:

As it’s been a few months since me and Karen came home from Portugal, and we haven’t done much together despite us having started dating, we’ve decided that today I’m going over to her apartment for a Christmas party! This is going to be so much fun! I haven’t seen her in days so I’ve been kinda lonely; it’s gonna be nice to see her again.

- Rosalynne, December 20th 2019.”

I stand up from my desk, having finished writing today’s entry. I never used to keep a diary but I’ve started recently because it lets me write down things to remember or look back on when I’m older.

I look over at the clock:

”17:10!? I need to get going! I can’t let myself be late, especially after she’s thrown a party just for us!”

I was smart enough to already put on my outfit, a fairly long blue tartan skirt and a button-down collared shirt. It’s a bit mismatched, the lower half of a conservative schoolgirl and the upper half of a businessman, but it’s comfortable and I don’t care much about fashion. I grab my ushanka off the hatstand and run out the door.

Immediately, the freezing cold weather hits me. It’s not the worst I’ve ever felt, but I can tell it’s in the negatives. I pull my hat on a little tighter, as although I’m very cold resistant even I’ve started to feel the chill recently. The air is filled with a mixture of snow and hail, pretty typical for this kind of year.

Karen’s house is a fair distance away. Usually I’d take the bus or get someone to drive me, but I’ve start jogging recently to start being more healthy, so today I’m just going to do that.

I start jogging. I’m pretty out of shape though so about halfway there I have to give up and walk, but it’s fine. I’ve got enough time to spare.

................................................

15 minutes later I arrive at her house. I’m tired from running for the last couple of minutes so I sit down on a bench outside for a bit and enjoy the cold.

By 17:30, I’m standing at her doorway, nervous about pushing the doorbell or even knocking.

However, I am distracted from my anxiety about that by my bladder, reminding I didn’t use the bathroom before leaving.

“Later.”, I tell myself,”I’ve just got here, I’ll go in a bit.”

Before I press the doorbell Karen opens the door and greets me excitedly:

”Hey, Rosalynne! I’ve missed you!”

”H-hi!”, I reply. We’ve been a couple for ages now, but it still makes me nervous whenever I talk to her.

”Aren’t you cold, wearing just a skirt? You’ve got a hat on at least, but no coat?”

”No, not really. I like the cold weather. Besides, being cold doesn’t matter when I have you to warm me up!”, I say, and give Karen a hug.

Karen hugs me back.

“She’s so warm! I guess she would be... she’s been inside after all.”

“Anyway,”, Karen says, unhugging me and leading me to the sofa,”did you get all the Christmas songs together?”

Midway through removing my hat, I suddenly remember that me and Karen did put together a list of all our favourite Christmas songs and put copies of all of them on CD. But naturally, I’ve forgotten the CDs.

I reach into my pockets, trying to find the discs, but with no success. I find the USB flash drive I prepared as backup though, so all is fine.

Karen takes the drive and sticks in into her music setup, and within seconds the playlist is coming through her speakers.

”You know, I’m surprised you brought anything that modern! I was half expecting you to be carrying a bunch of 12-inch Vinyls, or a box of cassettes maybe.”, Karen jokes.

”I considered it. I thought it would be good if I turned up with some MiniDiscs to really surprise you, but I decided against it since you don’t have the hardware to play them.”

”True, I suppose.”, Karen says and sits down on the sofa next to me.

I readjust my legs to feel more comfortable, starting to wish I’d remembered to pee before leaving home.

”You know, Karen?”

”What?”, she asks.

”I think we’re going to have the best Christmas ever.”

End of Chapter 1:

I’m super exited to write this. I love a good Christmas story. And I’ve really missed writing these characters too, I really got attached to them. When this one is over, I’m going to go back and continue my other story too, although I do want to use these characters in some other stories someday.

*003*2019-12-23 19:44

{{17 hours ago, FlowingBrook said:

Reading your work always makes my day

}}

Aww, thank you! It’s really nice to hear that. I’m going to try and write the next chapter tonight.

*005*2019-12-25 00:15

{{11 hours ago, FlowingBrook said:

You're welcome. It's just you have made me emotionally invested in your characters. So thank you

}}

That was kinda what I was going for when I started writing. I wanted to make characters I could get attached to or invested in, since I find that helps me enjoy stuff more.

I’m glad you like it too.

