Smite omo-Izanami's second death

Author: StormrReaper

*000*2017-11-07 16:23

Okay, before this story begins I want to clarify what smite is.Smite is a free to play MOBA game like League of Legends, but immensely better in my humble opinion. The game mode the story takes place in is conquest. Izanami is a hunter class, so she is the teams adc (all damage carry) . Ymir is a guardian class tank and her support. Bakasura is chaos' jungle chaac is chaos' solo laner. Scylla is their mid-laner Ullr is the enemy teams adc, also hunter class. Then finally Ratataskr is the enemy team's assassin or jungle.

Minions have spawned

Izanami opened her eyes to see herself in the chaos fountain. Beside her stands Ymir, who she assumed to be her support. chaac grunted as he picked up his magical ax. "Another round of conquest with these pathetic gods"Grunted Bakasura our teams jungle. "I was trying to feast on some immortals, I guess Jungle is on the menu today". He smiled with his hooded face gleaming at the thought of eating yet another immortal... Or at least taking a good size bite out of them.Izanami examined her last teammate her mid lane mage, Scylla. "Oh boy"She thought to herself. I really hope she knows whats she's doing, Otherwise, Bakasura is as likely to eat her as he is the enemy immortals.

Picking up Death's toll, Bumba's Mask, 2 wards, and 2 potions Izanami went into right lane determined to slay her enemy, not because the player wanted her too. No She wanted to feel the blood and gore the violence of war could bring. She felt ecstacy when she laned her sickle in an enemy's flesh. Smiling ear to ear she arrived at her damage camp and placed a ward. Seeing Ymir already cleared it and left her the buff. She picked up the buff and went on to the Void camp to assist Ymir in taking his buff.

*Whoosh*

Not even 2 seconds upon entering her lane she felt the wind of an ax pass right by her, she quickly turned and dashed behind her opponent. Ullr stood watching waiting for Izanami to reappear, However he didn't notice the frost giant ganking him and freezing him in place.

"I shall feast on you're blood!" Izanami shrieked as she landed her buffed up sickle into ullr's back causing first blood. She drank a potion to replenish the mana she lost when the air around her seemed to grow cold. As if death itself was approaching. She looked around. Left, Right. Left. Where.

*SREEcH!*

Ratataskr landed his ult right on top of her knocking her against the stone wall behind her. She looked up at the puny squirrel who caused her so much pain. she drank her potion and began to feel a to feel a familiar tightness in her abdomen. "Great, not only am i about to be defeated by a squirrel. I also have to pee." She managed to stand up and look around he was gone. "Huh, must of been ganking," [VSTB] I'm returning to base.

Returned to the fountain she saw an unfortunate sight. Bakasura was walking showing great discomfort as he walked before burping up a minion. "damn that Bellona next time I see her I'm going to do more than take off her arm" He grumbled furious at the missed meal. Izanami bought a chalice of mana, and a chalice of health. She walked back to her lane, hoping that Ymir was still there.

An ally has been slain

She heard the familiar voice echo through the battle field she looked up to the sky to see Ymir's picture with a respawn counter.

"Great"

"You can't outrun my bow" Ullr yelled as he shot his volley of arrows in her direction.

"WHAT the he;;, he was level three 2 minutes ago, how is he already level seven!" Izanami used her escape to hide behind the rock wall beside the Gold Fury. She drank from her chalice of health and immediately regretted it. "I have to piss so bad, how do these potions run right through me?" She looked at the match timer 6;35.. 6;36...6;37 "DAMMIT". She knew the average length of a match was 25-50 minutes she couldn't hold it that long.

"I've got you now!" A voice said as she felt a sharp burning pain hit her in the back causing her to leak a tiny bit into her cyan blue panties darkening the area around her privates.

She quickly turned around and there stood Ullr with a lustful bloodthrist smile. "You know what we do to girls like you on the battlefield?" We kill them slowly to make an example" Ullr used his 2 and powered up his bow as he shot. Hitting izanami directly in the leg. Blood shot out and formed a vortex healing the wound. She grabbed her sickle tighter, she had no mana left already. she used up all of it during her escape last time. "She cried out for help limping away" Then

Flash

She felt the ax hit her in the back. she collaped to the dirt. *pant.. pant* she felt her bladder begin to empty... the warm sensation filling her panties, staining her blue kimono, she couldn't stop it she could only reach at the air as Ullr slowly walked towards her. Blood and piss covering the ground. She was warm the urine had flowed down her legs like a water fall and blood rushed from the wound on her back. "On your stomach like the crazy whore you are," He fired one final arrow.

You have been slain

Izanami rested in a state of yen while she waited to respawn. "I'll get that bastard this time, NOONE EMBARRASSES ME LIKE THIS"

She awoke at fountain... purchasing the items to continue her build. "Its payback time Ullr, you better be ready for the wraith of a yokai! She screamed!

This is my first fiction work let me know some suggestions and maybe advice. Also let me know if you enjoyed it.

*002*2017-11-07 16:45

{{Just now, KozmoFox said:

As someone who plays Smite almost religiously at a high level, I approve.

}}

Yo we can party up sometime xD but, thank you I tried to keep as close to the game as possible.

*004*2017-11-07 17:33

{{9 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a great story

}}

Thank you it was my first fiction story, ill probably do a second chapter sometime soonish

*006*2017-11-07 19:06

With new found anger in her heart Izanami went back to her lane determined with a singular purpose to kill Ullr. That hunter had no idea the demon he had awaken. Taking the enemy jungle buff She set out through the jungle placing wards until. She found him. Except now he was level 10 while she was only level 8. This wasnt a problem she had a plan. With the relic Thorn shield she could redirect his attack back to him. And she knew right when to do it.

Ullr was engaged in an XP camp trying to farm up. She lept. throwing her sickles she hit him in both legs and stood laughing. " You can not possibly be this weak. I'm going to make sure you know the punishment of messing with the demon I am. The demon that only Ares himself can control. Ullr looking behind her just smiled. "You know for a demon your awfully oblivious to the things around you" About that time she felt something hard and solid hit her in the back of the head making her lose her balance and reevaluate the battlefield. Before her stood the norse messenger Ratataskr. When she looked away Ullr, managed to escape and return to base.

She drank from the green chalice immediately feeling the liquid hit her bladder, just like her petite frame her bladder was awfully small and these potions ran right through her. she gathered her emotions so she wouldn't succumb to any more any enemy traps and hopefully keep her kimono dry. Taking another sip of her health chalice she walked towards the furry woodland creature. "Why do you deny me my target?" She asked. "Because I wanted to see a beautiful demon angry" He sarcastically replys as he sticks out his tongue and dashed away

Furious she chased after him cutting each direction in the jungle, every time Izanami would lose him she would hear "Nanana Can't catch me" furious she ulted in the direction of the voice when she heard a mighty roar, and realized where she was. "FUCK! I just ulted the Fire Giant" She thought to herself. Now obviously the Fire Giant wasnt too happy about the vortex of demonic energy interrupting his rather pleasant nap. Eyeing Izanami he smashed the ground creating a wave of lave that threw izanamiback injured and in desperation she chugged the rest of her Chalice of Healing and ran.

*Voosh*

The norse messenger crashed down from the tree limb he was hiding in and slashed her side deep with no health potions left all she could do was stay and fight but damn did those claws hurt. looking down she sees that at some point she must've leaked a little bit as she saw a small dark patch on her kimono. Spinning around the furious demon Ratataskr dashed again slicing her hand making her cry out in pain. a familiar warmth begain to creep out of her and into her panties "No not now" she thought as she used her bloody hand to grab herself and do a little pee dance before dashing away.

Behind a rock she knew there were two options die and involuntarily release her bladder. or she could just let it out. She had heard Athena and Bellona discussing that in battle sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do to keep focus. She squatted down pushing her panties to the side to expose her private parts.

*hiss*

"ahhhhh" she moaned in ecstasy, before she could finish she heard footsteps behind her. quickly darting up she turned towards the sound. feeling her urine now determined to come out flow freely into her panties. Turning her cute cyan blue panties into a shade darked. running down her legs and revealing a dark patch slowly spreading on her kimono.out came Bakasura, with a furry tail dangling from his mighty jaw.

"Oohh. I knew I was going to have a good day when i see a squirrel in the battlefield, but to see the noble Izanami wetting herself like a child. Why if Loki heard abo-" He stopped interrupted by her sickle entering his head.

An ally has been slain.

She returned to fountain to recover and purchase new items before heading back out. She still had revenge to get.

*008*2017-11-07 22:02

"That idiot, if it wasn't for him being on my team I'd of made sure he'd of regretted his immortality." Izanami grumbled to her self. "What do I care, what that trickster god thinks." No matter if Izanami wanted to admit it or not she knew they had many personality similarities. Both were agility fighters relying on their team to get kills. Both utilized duel handed weaponry. Plus, being immortal for so long tied to that awful realm. Trapped by her lover who fled at the sight of her, she couldn't bear the thought of loving again. So what did it matter what Loki thought of her wetting herself. Besides, she knew that bakasura was more likely to take a bite of the trickster god then to tell him. After all, last time they saw each other Loki had used a decoy to distract him while he stole the Great Devourer's meal. Replacing it with a simple I.O.U note and a sad rubber duckie. Mind you, the idiot still ate it and cursed the heavens for his indigestion.

Your team has destroyed a left enemy tower

Sounds like solo lane is doing good. Roaming the jungle Izanami heard commotion, upon investigating she saw the enemy midlaner taking a mana camp. Anubis. She smirked, he was the one Ares had her track. "Hmm for a god of war he sure cannot kill an immortal right... I guess i should show him how its done." Using her ult she caught him by surprise then immediately projecting herself at him throwing him against the wall he spewed his noxious fumes trying to hit but, Izanami simply dashed behind him. Slashing him from behind with her sickles slaying the enemy god.

You have slain an enemy.

"What's so special about a mana camp anyway," she thought to herself. "Is the buff really worth the risk of getting ganked over?" She picked the small vile of liquid up off the ground near the decomposing corpses of the jungle camp. She took a tiny sip "It's sweet" She quickly downed the rest of the bottle. upon taking a couple steps she felt it. Not being a mage herself she couldn't handle all the mana coursing through her veins like a rabid squirrel in heat. She collapsed her body trying to eject the liquid started pissing. Soaking her panties and running down her leg. She vomited as the warm sensation of the urine flowed down her leg she cried out as she curled into the fetal position still wetting herself yet again. "Th-This must be...be why only mages... are supposed to take m-m-mana camps" She fainted,

She awoke to a warm fire, there beside her was Ymir. The frost giant looked over at her, "Are you alright?" He asked with concern in his voice. "How long was I out?" She quickly asked seeing that the previously afternoon sun was now a crisp clear full moon directly above her. she was in her fountain. Did he carry her here? "Chaac found you and brought you here, you've been unconscious for 20 minutes." He pointed to the timer in the sky"IMPOSSIBLE 40 minutes!" She exclaimed. "How has neither team won yet?" She asked worried. "Chaac pushed his lane to phoenix and mid lane is at the tier 2 tower." He looked over at Izanami. Without our adc though, we are pushed back to all of our tier 2 towers. Our jungle and solo laner are good. So most team fights I just have to freeze the enemy and they do the rest."

An enemy has been slain

"You gained quiet a lot of experience from your predicament. I'd say you're about level 16 or so." Ymir said as footsteps approached. "Is sleeping beauty up I just got ahold of prince Loki, he said he'd give her a kiss if it'd wake her up." Scylla said walking towards the two. "Why is everyone convinced I have feelings for that childish god!" She exclaimed angrily. Izanami stood up and stepped into the cleansing waters of chaos fountain. She felt her body start to recover "Heh I almost feel alive again" She giggled at her own joke.

Izanami stepped out and put on her blue kimono. She knew this match should be ending soon and she hasn't gotten her revenge. However there was one thing she needed to do before she could even think of revenge. Izanami walked out of fountain pulled down her silk cyan panties and begain to urinate. She let out a soft moan. For the first time this match she wasn't wetting herself. when she finished, she wiped with a soft leaf, stood up and walked to where the others were. Everyone was grouped together at the tier 2 middle tower. She knew this next push would be all or nothing. THEY HAD TO SUCCEED. and she HAD to get her revenge.

Okay for the record an adc is able to pick up mana buffs it will not hurt them, i did this because Izanami should NEVER have one she doesn't have the mana capacity for it to be worth it. so usually mid, or solo will take it. occasionally support or jungle will but, that's less common.

*010*2017-11-07 22:36

{{1 minute ago, Melificentfan said:

This is so good

}}

Thank you again. I'm trying very hard on this. I'm taking my time revising and rewritting parts over and over trying to get the best feel of the gods, while sticking as close as possible to the game.

If you have any advice please let me know next chapter will probably end the match and I may do another smite omo, not to sure yet.

*012*2017-11-07 23:24

"We are going to do a split push. Scylla; you and I are going to head straight up the middle and pull their attention. Izanami; you and Ymir are going to go into right lane. Bakasura, you're going to be in the jungle ready to pounce once the team fight for middle tower begins. Our adc is back on her feet so this should go well. The enemy has the Fire Giant buff so we need to use extreme caution." Chaac said as he issued orders. Looking at Ymir I nodded. I knew if we failed this would be game.

As Ymir and I walked to the enemy tower we passed the enemy mana camp. I shuttered as I remembered the torture I had endured foolishly drinking the buff. I made a silent vow I was never going to drink a mana potion as long as I unlived. Ymir handed me a potion of might. "Drink this, it will up your physical power by 30%." He said with a grim look on his face. "There is very little chance we will succeed. Split pushes are usually the downfall of a team, but Chaac is good he knows what he is doing.

I cautiously sipped the sour potion. I felt alive. I felt powerful. I was coming and Ullr better be ready. The battle began swiftly as we heard Chaac crash into tower. The wards placed throughout the jungle revealed the entire 5 man squad of the enemy team was taking the bait. Minions arrived we charged. The tower creaked and crumbled as my sickles hit it. it wouldn't be long before the enemy knew what we were doing. We had to make this work.

Your team has destroyed an enemy middle tower.

Your team has destroyed an enemy right tower.

So far so good. I felt a pain in my bladder. I had to pee and the potion Ymir gave me was starting to wear off. Apollo and Ratatskr came charging at us, desperate to defend against our split push. I looked at Ymir, he was...smiling. "Wh- he vanished!" I looked around and saw him reappear behind the enemies freezing Apollo where he stood. I channeled my energy and unleashed a torrent upon him my ult melting his skin off. He screamed in pain, the smell of blood, reminding me of when I was alive The searing flesh bringing back memories of my labor to the god of fire. I pushed these memories to the back of my mind. Ratataskr retreated.

You have slain an enemy.

An ally has been slain.

Scylla had been slain in middle lane so Bakasura was backing chaac up. I could see their health in the corner of my vision. Chaac was about 75%hp and Bakasura was full health. Ymir and I pushed on to the enemy phoenix. He looked at me"This is where my role ends." He said with a solemn look. He charged taking his mighty club and smashing the phoenix with 1 mighty swing the bird was gone and fire spewed all a-round engulfing the frost giant in flames.

A right enemy phoenix has been destroyed

An ally has been slain

No... This can't happen its 4v3 I hope chaac and Bakasura can do their part. I ran to middle lane.

When I arrived, I saw the great devourer enjoying a nice meal of cooked squirrel slurping up his tail and burping loudly.

An enemy has been slain.

Your team has destroyed a middle enemy phoenix

"Regroup!" Chaac yelled. we stood before the Order Titan. There he was Ullr my target. Rage over came me as I dashed in ulting him catching only his leg searing the flesh off of it crippling him. I walked towards him. "You are going to know what pain is now, Human!" I shrieked at him. Chaac was pulling Titan with Bakasura slicing away at him. The enemy Anubis began to shoot energy from his mouth catching the devourer in the arm but he was ready shield of thorns active the blast went back to Anubis puncturing a hole right through his chest

An enemy has been slain.

I picked up the mortally crippled Ullr. "Say hi to Inangi for me" I said as I sliced him with my sickle starting at his throat and working my way through his body till his corpse was a V shape. his head the only thing keeping it together.

An enemy has been slain.

1 enemy left. The titan who, at this moment swung his mighty sword at bakasura catching him in the chest "Not...even a last....meal?" he whimpered as he fell motionless

An ally has been slain

Chaac summoning a furious thunderstorm tackled the foot the the titan throwing it against the fountain barrier he held it there the smell of burning rotting flesh was intoxicating

The titan fell. we had won.

I collapsed to my knees with the adrenaline no longer needed my bladder released itself the torrent was immense but, i didn't care. we had won. As the blue kimono was stained with my urine I just laughed. I was the last god still able to move. I stood up and hobbled over to chaac. "We did it" He said as he went limp vanishing as he had used all of his mana to kill the titan. I looked at my hands they were starting to glow the familiar tingle of a match ending my mind and soul returning to the realm of the gods. The realm where All my allys were waiting. I felt tears stream down my face, "You did good Izanami, I'm proud of you." I heard his voice... Inanagi... I wept as i entered zen.

*014*2017-11-07 23:41

{{7 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a amazing story =)

}}

Thank you, I know that Inanagi wasn't explained. Basically her back story is Iza gets knocked up by Ina and give birth to the god of fire, she dies from the birth (Internal 3rd degree burns ouch) So ina decides imma go to hell and get her. he finds her gets her to go with him to convince the god of death to let her go. I mean after all she did give birth to a god. well Iza tell ina that what ever he does he cannot light a torch or look at anything. The get down there and the first thing he does. He lights a torch sees iza as a maggot covered corpse and fells she runs behind him begging him to help her but he escapes and pushes a boulder over the entrance trapping her in hell for eternity

