Mack

Author: Sapphire3619

*018*2018-01-23 03:10

Apologies again for the delayed update! I'm at the point in my life where, if I wait until I have several free weekends in a row, I'd never write at all, so I just do it when I can. Thanks for reading!

###

Gina couldn’t stop thinking about Mack, a fact that didn’t escape her husband, Hector, over dinner on Saturday night.

“You’ve got that look on your face.”

“I do not,” Gina responded futilely.

“Yes, you do,” Hector insisted affably, shoveling a spoonful of pozole into his mouth.

“I-“ Gina feebly attempted to neutralize her facial expression. “I don’t have a look.”

Hector swallowed, not looking up from his bowl. He didn’t get much time off, so he spent most of his time at home sleeping, not enjoying meals with his wife, and he was reveling in her cooking. “You have a look, and it means that you’ve found another project. You found something to fix, to make better, and you’re not going to be satisfied until it’s done.

“And,” he continued, further deciphering a face that he loved more than anything in the world, “based on the specifics of said look, you haven’t actually figured out how to approach said project yet. And it’s driving you nuts.”

Gina opened her mouth to protest, then thought the better of it. Yes, she knew that she really had no business in Mack’s life, but maybe if she just gave Hector a vague outline, the act of talking about it would make her feel better.

“There’s this student…” she gushed, almost unconsciously.

“Of course there is,” Hector grinned.

“There’s this student,” Gina repeated, sticking out her tongue. “And he’s fine, and I know I have no right to get involved, but he’s just doing way too much for a student, and his dad’s away a lot, and he’s just such a hard worker, and he shouldn’t have to be doing it all on his own, but I can’t figure out how to help him and give him some sort of adult presence in his…”

“Hire him,” Hector mumbled through another mouthful of pozole.

“…life. I mean, I’m not looking to adopt the kid, but just some sort of authori-“

Gina cut herself off, having taken a second or two to internalize Hector’s suggestion in the middle of her rant.

“Hire…him?”

Hector finally looked up from his soup, gently leading Gina into understanding. “We still haven’t finished the baby’s room…”

Gina’s eyes lit up, finally comprehending her husband’s suggestion. “We could hire him to help set up the baby’s room! And he could help with other stuff around the house that we wanted to get done! And by hiring him, it would be a business arrangement, so hopefully, he wouldn’t feel like I’m babying him!”

Hector pressed his lips together, containing a laugh, and went back to his meal. Gina was now talking to herself, quietly planning how she would approach Mack on Monday. Hector, of course, knew next to nothing about this student, but he trusted his wife. Mostly, he trusted that this kid was really in need of some sort, and Gina would figure out how to help him after too long.

###

Sure enough, by Monday, Gina had prepared her sales pitch. She had run through a few different scenarios of how to approach him, but managed to run into him before classes even started.

“Mr. Mackenzie!” she called, always careful to refer to students in a respectful manner while in the walls of the school.

Mack looked up from the book he was reading as he strolled down the hallway, eyebrows raised. Without exhibiting any external signs of hesitation, he changed direction and ambled toward the teacher’s room, closing the book, but using his finger to keep his place.

“How can I help you, Mrs. Sanchez?”

Gina glanced up and down the hallway. It was still early, so there were only a few other students wandering the halls. It’s not that offering paid work to a student was forbidden – there were a few juniors who had a lawn-care business, and plenty of teachers used students for babysitting – but Gina, knowing the not-entirely-financial motivations of her request, still didn’t feel completely comfortable with the thought of many people knowing about her presumed arrangement with Mack.

Inhaling, Gina got right down to it. “I was talking to my husband this weekend, and we decided we needed some extra help to prepare the house for the baby –“ she unconsciously placed her hand over her stomach “- and before we bothered to look online, I thought I’d ask you. It would be over the next few weekends, but hours are flexible.”

The right corner of Mack’s mouth quirked up. He had to give it to Mrs. Sanchez – she was persistent. He figured, after she came to his house, that it wasn’t the last he’d interact with her, but really, out of all of the potential interference he’d considered, a job offer was a fairly positive outcome. He knew that refusing wasn’t likely to deter the oddly relentless woman, but lest he appear too eager…

“What would I be doing?”

Gina perked up, pleased not to have been denied outright. “A lot of stuff in the baby’s room – painting, putting together the crib and basinet, putting together other baby furniture – but also some stuff around the house. Unpacking, painting some other rooms, maybe putting new tile in the bathroom if we have time…”

Gina trailed off, gazing expectantly up at the young man in front of her. Mack was nodding slowly.

“I can do that,” Mack said nonchalantly. “You want to start on Saturday?”

Beaming, Gina let out a deep breath of relief that she hadn’t even realized she was holding. “That’d be great! We can start on the baby’s room, and then see what your schedule is like.”

“Sounds good,” Mack allowed himself to smile as Gina turned and scurried back toward her desk.

“Here,” Gina was scribbling on a post-it that she then thrust into Mack’s hand. “This is our address. It’s the fourth house on the right when you turn off Rosen, the one with the black shutters. The driveway is past the house, just pull in, it’s wide enough, and Hector is out all weekend.”

Mack gaped slightly at the rush of information, but just opted to ask “What time?”

Gina thought for a half a second – how much time would they need? Should she feed him? How late did he sleep on Saturdays? – before saying “How about one? Does that work?”

“Sure thing, Mrs. Sanchez,” Mack dipped his head in agreement. “See you on Saturday.”

###

At 12:55 on Saturday afternoon, Mack rang the doorbell at the indicated address. A beaming Gina opened the door, bandanna tied around her hair.

“You’re here!” she chirped obviously. “Come on in!”

Mack stepped across the threshold and paused. Seeing Gina’s own bare feet and the neat row of shoes in the entryway, he reached down to untie his boots.

“Oh!” Gina was still a tiny bit flustered. She knew what she wanted out of this arrangement – to build up enough trust with Mack that he knew he could rely on her as an authority figure, or at least to get to know him well enough that she learned that he did, in fact, have adult-like people in his life to rely on – but she didn’t have a clear plan on how to get to that point, and she definitely didn’t know what Mack expected out of these weekends. Except a paycheck. And with that in mind, the teen’s poise threw her. It’s not like she thought he was a slob; the state of his house clearly disproved that idea. But seeing him, at only 18, take such natural and unprompted care when walking into someone else’s house was still surprising.

Mack looked up as he pulled off his left shoe to see his teacher staring at him, a bit bemused. “We’re going to start in the baby’s room?” he prompted.

Gina shook out her head, as if she was physically clearing the tornado of thoughts. “Yes!” She turned and pointed up the stairs. “It’s up here. Follow me.”

Mack obediently fell behind Mrs. Sanchez as they climbed the stairs. She led him into a well-lit room on the left that would clearly make a pleasant space for an infant, once the bright red walls were repainted and the boxes all moved out.

“Soooooo,” Gina gestured around the room at the obvious need for redecorating, “we ultimately want to paint it a nice neutral color, maybe a light gray, and the crib will go over there, with the changing table there, but I know it’s going to take a lot of coats of paint and primer to really cover up this red.”

Mack was nodding, slowly turning on the spot to see the shape of the room. It was fairly standard – not a lot of weird corners or molding, except around the closet, so it wouldn’t require a lot of detail work.

“Do you have the supplies?”

“We have primer,” Gina responded. “We thought it would be best, since the current color is so bright.”

Mack huffed, a brief snort of laughter. “Yeah, this was a pretty intense aesthetic choice.”

Gina grinned, pleased that the young man seemed to be relaxed. “Yeah, we’re not really sure what they were thinking. We hope it wasn’t a baby room!”

Mack smiled, but didn’t look at Mrs. Sanchez. He was still appraising the room. “Do you have painter’s tape? Tarp?”

“Yes!” Gina knew that she and Hector were way behind on baby preparations, but they did have the foresight to purchase the basics.

“Let’s start with that, then,” Mack moved toward one of the boxes to pick it up. “Do you have somewhere we can put these while I paint?”

“Um,” Gina glanced about for a moment. “Hector’s office will do. We can put them against the wall.”

Mack hoisted two boxes at a time, his long arms easily holding the load so that the top box didn’t even reach his eyes.

“Across the hall, to the left,” Gina instructed, reaching to pick up a lighter box herself.

“Uh…Mrs. Sanchez?” Mack hesitated, confused. “I don’t want to doubt you or anything, but…” For the first time since his arrival, Mack looked unsure. “I can do it. That’s what you hired me for, right?”

“Oh, goodness!” Gina all but laughed as she walked around the teen and took the box across the hall. “I never expected you to just come and do all the work while I sat around directing you like some Russian empress!” She set the box down in Hector’s office and turned to see Mack dutifully following her, boxes in hand.

“I just need an extra set of hands to help get the work done faster, to take care of the heavy lifting…and the high reaching,” she added, grinning.

Shrugging, Mack followed Gina back to the baby’s room to pick up more boxes. “Yes, ma’am,” he acquiesced. “I’m just here to help.”

“I’ll do as much as I can,” Gina continued, hoping to clarify Mack’s position and ease his confusion. “But I might be doing things like putting together furniture or organizing baby supplies while you paint.”

Mack nodded, holding two more boxes. “Just show me where the supplies are, and I’ll get started, then.”

Unsurprisingly, Mack was an efficient worker. Gina admitted to herself that she’d had visions of them working side by side, but it didn’t make a whole lot of sense for her to get a stepladder to put painter’s tape along the ceiling when Mack could reach it from the floor.

Instead, once the tarp was arranged, Gina busied herself collecting the painting supplies – primer, rollers, and tins – while Mack stuck the tape along the upper and lower edges of the room.

“Here,” Mack gestured when Gina brought in the final can of primer. “You can finish putting tape around the window” – he’d already taken care of the top of the window, obviously – “while I get started painting.”

Gina gave the young man a look, but he was already turned away, so he didn’t see her “who do you think is in charge, here?” gaze. Still, his suggestion wasn’t wrong; it made the most sense for the height-challenged teacher to do jobs that she could reach.

The work continued smoothly. Luckily, there were no holes in the wall from previous occupants, so they didn’t have to worry about filling and sanding. Mack began applying primer, and Gina, once she finished lining the window, decided to roll a line of primer along the bottom edge of the wall, to keep Mack from having to bend over too far.

They worked this way for an hour. Once she finished the lower primer, she busied herself refilling the pan and then, a bit ambitiously, starting on a wall herself.

The work was largely quiet, until Gina heard a hiss from Mack. Instantly worried, she turned to see the young man grimacing, slightly bent over at the waist. Without saying a word, he gently placed his roller in the pan and walked out of the room.

Several moments later, Gina heard the toilet flush from the bathroom down the hall. She had paused, unknowingly, from her painting, and watched as Mack walked back in, picked up his roller, and resumed applying primer.

“You can ask.”

Gina recoiled, startled. “What?”

“Ask what you want to ask, Mrs. Sanchez. I promise I don’t mind.” Mack never stopped painting, his even tone supporting his assertion.

Gina thought for a moment, trying to decide which of her questions she wanted to start with.

“What happened in that fight?”

Mack snorted good-naturedly. “You want the whole story, or just the reason I go to the bathroom so often?”

“The whole story.” This time, Gina didn’t have to think, and her response was soft but clear.

Mack took a deep breath before beginning the tale. He told about how Conway approached him, how he hadn’t wanted to fight, but how the painful stomp had enraged him.

After describing how he broke Conway’s jaw, Mack stopped.

“I didn’t want to fight,” Mack said for the second time in the course of the story. He was still painting, having nearly completed the main walls. The repetition wasn’t lost on Gina.

“So Conway clearly did some damage,” Gina drastically understated. Emboldened by Mack’s invitation and his comprehensive answer to her first question, she asked another.

“How did you know something was wrong?”

This time, Mack did pause his work to give Gina an incredulous look. “How did I know?” he parroted. “I’m eighteen years old. Pissing myself is a pretty strong indicator that something’s wrong.”

Gina pressed her lips together, a classic sign of adults telling children to get ahold of themselves. She didn’t blame Mack, of course, but if she really was going to be a positive authority figure, then she had to show some, well, authority.

Mack dipped his head slightly and turned back to the wall. “It’s not a big deal,” he said, his voice returning to the even tone of before. “I figured out how to manage things – I don’t go more than 2 hours without going to the bathroom, so I never get too full.”

“But what if-“

“Then it happens,” Mack cut Mrs. Sanchez off before she could finish her question. “It’s fine. I keep a change of clothes in my truck.”

Gina drew in a breath as if she was going to say something, but didn’t.

“It’s no big deal, Mrs. Sanchez,” Mack repeated. “People deal with stuff. It’s a medical condition, just like anything else.”

He turned to her, making deliberate eye contact, his gaze firm but not aggressive. “It doesn’t bother me,” he said simply. “It’s my issue, and it shouldn’t bother anyone else.”

Gina raised her chin, meeting the young man’s gaze. “OK, then.”

Mack nodded curtly and turned back to his work. “We’re almost done here. Do you want to finish up for today? Or do you want to go to the store and pick up the paint?”

Scanning the room, Gina saw that Mack was right. The first coat of primer was nearly done, and they wouldn’t be able to do anything else until it dried.

“If you don’t mind coming with me, I’d like to go to the store.”

“Sure thing.” Mack reached up, putting the finishing touches on the primer.

Gina hauled herself up from the floor (and increasingly difficult process in her sixth month) and went to wash her hands. When she returned, Mack was pouring the remaining primer from the pan back into the pail for use later. He sealed the lid, then picked up the rollers and pan.

“Do you have a laundry sink or somewhere I can rinse these off?”

Even after only a little more than an hour, Gina was no longer surprised by Mack’s diligence. Of course he would want to clean off the rollers, and of course he wouldn’t just do it in the bathroom sink.

“There’s a utility sink in the basement,” Gina informed him, leading him down the hall and around the corner to the basement door. “Down here.” She reached through the door to turn on the light, but didn’t bother going down the stairs.

Gina fetched her jacket, keys, and the paint swatch that she and Hector had decided on. Mack strode back up the stairs two at a time, shutting the door behind him.

“Ready?” Gina asked cheerfully. “We’ll pick up the paint, but then I thought, since I have you with me, we might get some materials for building shelves in the closet.”

“Sounds good.” Seeing Gina’s keys, Mack understood that he was expected to ride with her, which made sense if they were going to be bringing supplies back to Mrs. Sanchez’s house.

In the car, Gina started chatting. After hearing Mack’s story and insistence that he had everything handled, she’d decided to take him at his word. If he claimed that she – or anyone else – didn’t have to worry about him, then she’d treat him just like any other student or young employee. And that meant regular conversation, which for Gina included telling lots of stories.

Mack visibly relaxed on the drive, enjoying Mrs. Sanchez’s running commentary. He’d known that she had taken an interest in him, so he’d expected the job to come with at least a little bit of disclosure. Fortunately, Mrs. Sanchez seemed to have accepted his story, so he could get back to just doing the job he was hired to do.

At the home improvement store, Gina and Mack first went to the paint counter to order two gallons of the specified color. While the worker was mixing the solution, the duo made their way to the shelving units. Gina described what she had in mind, and Mack pointed out some viable options.

Under such comparatively low-stakes circumstances, the two communicated well. Gina trusted Mack’s advice, and Mack appreciated being treated like an adult. He wasn’t much of a talker to begin with, so Gina’s tendency to ramble didn’t bother him.

By the time they picked out shelving, picked up the finished paint, paid, and loaded the car, it was mid-afternoon. On the drive back, Gina’s phone sounded her text alert.

“Can you read that for me, please?” Gina asked, pulling her phone out of her jacket pocket and handing it to Mack, keeping her eyes on the road.

A bit hesitantly, Mack took the phone. He glanced at the message and, determining that it wasn’t anything off-limits, read it out loud.

“’Can you send me your lesson plans for the next three weeks? I have a board meeting on Monday and they want to see what our fine arts department is doing.’ It’s from Douglas Hayes. Is that Vice Principal Hayes?”

“Uuuuuuuuuuuugh,” Gina groaned forcefully. “Yes, it’s from Vice Principal Hayes.”

Mack quirked an eyebrow, amused. “And you don’t like Mr. Hayes?”

Gina grunted as she turned onto her street. “Hayes is a fool,” she ranted. “He doesn’t give a damn about the arts and would get rid of the department in a heartbeat if he could. He thinks we’re just a giant waste of money. If he wanted to save money, he could just let us carve paintbrushes out of the giant stick he has shoved up his ass, the stupid-“

Gina’s bitter muttering was interrupted by a stunned yelp. She turned to see Mack howling with laughter, a delighted look on his face.

“Wow!” Mack chortled, utterly enthralled by hearing a grown-up – a teacher, no less – speak about the vice principal in such a way. “You’ve got some thoughts about this guy!”

Gina cringed. She knew it wasn’t appropriate to complain about a colleague to a student. “I’m sorry,” she sighed, shaking her head. “I shouldn’t have gone off like that.”

She pulled into the driveway, and Mack unbuckled his seatbelt. “It’s fine, Mrs. Sanchez. I’d be mad, too, if a boss who didn’t even appreciate me texted me to do work over the weekend.”

They both gathered the supplies from the trunk, with Mack taking the lion’s share.

“I appreciate it, Mack,” Gina said gratefully. “But I really should be more careful around students.”

Mack shrugged, no mean feat considering the shelving supplies he was carrying. He’d already said his piece.

Gina set down the paint cans and rolled her shoulders back. The text from Hayes had irritated her, and she wanted to forget about it. She turned to Mack, pasting a smile on her face.

“Thank you for your help today, Mack.” She reached into her pocket to pull out her wallet and pay him. “Would you like a snack? I can make some lemonade.”

Mack folded the bills and stuck them in his pocket without counting them. “No thanks, Mrs. Sanchez.”

“Are you sure?” Gina pressed. “You worked hard today. I’m sure you could use something to drink.”

The ghost of a smile playing on his face, Mack shook his head. “I can’t stay. I peed a bit back in the car when I laughed, and I’d like to get home and change.”

“Oh!” Gina gasped, equally taken aback by both Mack’s confession and his completely unperturbed nature. “I didn’t mean to…I didn’t know…”

Mack’s smile widened ever so slightly. “No worries, Mrs. Sanchez. I didn’t know it was something that happened either.”

At the front door, Gina watched Mack re-tie his boots. “Should I plan on coming back next weekend, then?” he asked, straightening.

“If you’re free, yes,” Gina answered, working to match Mack’s casual tone.

“OK, then,” Mack smiled for real and opened the front door. “See you in school, Mrs. Sanchez.”

“Bye, Mack.” Gina watched as the young man shut the door behind him and was left to ponder the idea that he hadn’t laughed in three months.

*023*2018-01-29 04:06

Thank you all so much for reading and commenting! I'm always grateful, both for new readers and for people who take the time to comment on a regular basis :) I don't know if I'll get the last chapter up next weekend, but definitely at some point within the next two weeks. Enjoy!

###

After the initial exposition session, Mack and Gina settled into a much more standard teacher-student/employer-employee relationship. Mack would arrive precisely at 12:55 each Saturday, then spend a variable number of hours priming, painting, building, and cleaning. For the next month, as Gina’s bump continued to grow, the house finally started to fall into place at a commensurate rate.

Gina continued to be impressed, though no longer surprised, at Mack’s work ethic. There was no task beneath him, and nothing that she was afraid to ask him to do. His height, obviously, was a great asset to painting, and his strength drastically cut down on the work and time needed to move boxes and furniture.

More importantly than the improvements in the house, at least in Gina’s opinion, were the apparent developments in Mack’s trust of her. He seemed to blossom – albeit slowly – in response to her appreciation of his hard work, and, after not too many invitations, he started to accept Gina’s offers of snacks or even dinner.

It’s not that Mack became a totally different person, somehow newly gregarious and bubbly, but Gina felt like she was making a difference. She did the majority of the talking, as she always did, but in between free-flowing stories and commentary, she’d slip in questions about Mack and his life. They didn’t explicitly discuss his wetting again; instead, she tried to get a better understanding of his meager support system.

As she’d feared, Mack really didn’t have anyone close – physically close, anyway – in his life. He had a solid, trusting relationship with his father, but Big Mack was only home for a couple of days every few weeks. Mr. Dermot, the garage owner, and the other mechanics were all nice enough, but, as far as Gina could discern, Mack never asked them for anything.

He really did do everything on his own.

While Gina was not-so-subtly asking questions about Mack, the teen, in turn, was getting to know the teacher. Not through specific questions, just through listening to Gina’s endless stories. And Mack was an excellent listener.

As the hours and weeks went on, Gina began to think of Mack as a younger brother, or at least a cousin. She became quite invested in his schoolwork, both college and high school, and she’d ask about jobs at the garage. In addition to her pleasure with the work he did for her – everything she asked of him was done efficiently and precisely, from painting to building furniture to putting new hardware on the kitchen cabinets – Gina found herself feeling very proud of Mack’s grades and skill with cars, a fact that she didn’t hesitate to tell him.

Though Mack’s outward reaction to Gina’s repeated expressions of pride was minimal, inside, he was more pleased than he anticipated. Of course, he knew his dad was proud of his accomplishments, but hearing such joyful feedback on a regular basis was meaningful in a different way.

He started to enjoy his Saturdays at Mrs. Sanchez’s house – truly enjoy, not just accept for the work and the subsequent payment. He liked the real company, and getting to use his skills to fix up her house was met with a much more instant and gratifying reaction than fixing some stranger’s car or getting a good grade on an assignment.

Gina still did most of the talking, but Mack liked it that way. It satisfied both of their social needs; hers to talk, and his to be around people who were actually talking to him, not at him. He’d respond, of course, and answer questions, but for the most part, he just enjoyed hearing Mrs. Sanchez’s stories and fulfilling his role as the listener of said stories.

The fact that the house looked better and better was just the icing on the cake. Over the course of four weekends and varying hours, the baby’s room was painted and the furniture assembled, the kitchen cabinetry was updated, and drywall was installed in the basement.

On the fourth weekend, Gina decided that she wanted to add to the baby’s room. Specifically, she wanted to paint her own designs – a mural of sorts – on the walls. Meanwhile, Mack would install the shades and curtains on the windows.

Mack, who was, by now, used to not knowing what he’d be doing until he showed up, just went with it. Window dressings weren’t that difficult to install, and he had all the tools, so it wouldn’t take him long to complete. He was sure Mrs. Sanchez would have something else for him to do when he finished.

Gina showed Mack the curtains and shades, then scurried off (as much as a 7-month pregnant woman could “scurry”) to get her painting supplies.

“So what did you have in mind?” Mack indicated Gina’s paints.

“Mmmm…” Gina smiled dreamily, as she did whenever she was about to start a new art project. “Something gender-neutral, obviously…I was thinking vines, maybe. Some sort of jungle theme. Maybe I’ll add in some monkeys or birds.” She turned and grinned at Mack. “I’ll figure it out as I go along!”

Mack smiled and leaned down to open up his toolbox. Gina spread the tarp on the floor and lowered herself down to open her paints and start working on her design.

“So how are midterms going?” Gina asked.

Genially, with an easiness that wasn’t present four weeks ago, Mack began to describe the different tests he’d taken that week. He’d studied hard for world history, but pre-calculus came easy to him. He’d had another paper for his college course, but he’d done well on the first one, so he hadn’t been too nervous about this one.

Just as Mack registered that he’d been talking for longer than usual without Gina contributing to the conversation, he heard a raspy, choking noise. Immediately on alert, he turned to see Gina slumped against the wall, shaking uncontrollably, eyes rolled back in her head.

“Mrs. Sanchez!” Mack shouted, leaping off the ladder. He dropped to his knees, sliding up next to the convulsing woman.

“Mrs. Sanchez, can you hear me?!” Mack knew enough to know to know that she was having a seizure, but he was almost positive she didn’t have a history of epilepsy; it had never come up in any of her stories.

Keeping his eyes locked on Mrs. Sanchez, Mack pulled out his phone.

“9-1-1, what’s your emergency?”

“My teacher is having a seizure!” Mack cried, nervous but clear. “She’s seven months pregnant!”

“OK,” the voice on the other end of the line remained calm. “If you haven’t already, I need you to gently lay her on her side. Make sure there is nothing sharp or hard around her, and try to find something soft to put under her head.”

Mack put the phone on speaker and set it down to follow instructions. He swept his long arms around the floor, swiping away the paintbrushes and tools. He pulled off his flannel shirt and balled it up as a pillow on the floor; then, with great care, he eased Gina onto her side.

“She’s laying down!” Mack informed the operator. “Now what?”

“That’s good,” the voice assured him. “Can you tell me how long she’s been seizing?”

“A minute?” Mack guessed. “Maybe not even? I called right away. She…she…”

Mack trailed off as Gina’s shaking calmed down. With one final jerk, the seizure finished, and Gina lay limply on the floor, her eyes closed.

Mack reached out his hand to gently feel for Mrs. Sanchez’s pulse. “It stopped,” he told the operator, breathlessly. “She’s breathing, and her pulse is…still going.”

“Good, that’s good that you checked,” the operator encouraged. “I can have an ambulance to your location in ten minutes.”

“No,” Mack insisted, having run a quick mental calculation. “I can get her to a hospital quicker than that, I have a car.”

“Are you sure?” the operator sounded hesitant. “Is she alert? Will you be able to move her.”

“It won’t be a problem,” Mack insisted confidently. “I’ll get here there.”

He’d made up his mind and hung up the phone, heart racing.

“Mack?” Gina opened her eyes slightly, confused and tired. “What…”

“It’s OK, Mrs. Sanchez,” Mack leaned toward her, his voice low and soothing. “You had a seizure, and I’m gonna take you to the hospital.”

“Hector…” Gina breathed, too tired to put together full sentences.

“Yep, we’re going to Hector’s hospital,” Mack promised. “They’ll get him to come down.” He scooted a bit closer. “I’m just gonna pick you up, OK?”

“Mack…” Gina’s weak voice as infused with incredulity. She was pregnant…she was twenty pounds heavier than normal…and really weirdly shaped…

But even as these quicksilver thoughts were floating through Gina’s mind, she found herself being lifted off the floor as if she were a child. Mack didn’t seem to exert himself at all as he slid his arms under her knees and shoulders and rose from his knees.

Gina felt tiny in Mack’s arms, but she too dazed to fully consider the strangeness of the sensation. She wasn’t quite sure what had happened – she knew Mack said she’d had a seizure, but why? – and she was just trying to pull herself out of the postictal fog.

“It’s gonna be OK, Mrs. Sanchez,” Mack kept repeating, like a mantra. His arms were steady, but inside, he felt shaky and nervous. He knew that he’d be able to get Mrs. Sanchez to the hospital faster than if they’d waited for an ambulance, but now, he was left with the weight of getting help all on his own. He felt like her life was literally in his hands.

Mack didn’t break stride as he grabbed Mrs. Sanchez’s purse off the front table. He closed the door behind him and strode to his truck, gently placing the tiny, pregnant woman in the passenger seat. He clenched and unclenched his fists unconsciously as he jogged around the front of the truck.

“It’ll be OK, Mrs. Sanchez.” At this point, Mack realized that he was speaking as much for himself as he was for his teacher. “We’ll be at the hospital soon.”

“Okay…” Gina murmured. She was feeling slightly more coherent, but she was still too tired to even hold her head up. She leaned back against the seat as Mack reversed out of the driveway.

The hospital was only ten minutes away, Mack knew. He drove quickly, but carefully, trying to avoid sharp turns or jerky stops. He kept looking over to check on Mrs. Sanchez, almost like a tic.

Mack wet as he drove, oblivious to the warmth spreading down his lap. He was oblivious to almost everything except for Mrs. Sanchez’s breathing. All he wanted was to get her safely to the hospital and confirm that she and the baby would be OK, so his own bodily needs – and unconscious bodily actions – were well beyond his notice.

It was a slow accident, impeded but not prevented by the tension tightening every muscle in his body. If either Mack or Gina had been paying attention, they might have been able to hear the soft trickle of liquid against the fabric of his jeans. But Gina was too worn out, and Mack was too nervous to hear.

After what seemed like an indeterminable about of time, Mack turned into the emergency room parking lot. He wasn’t entirely sure the placed he stopped was a parking spot, but surely he wasn’t the first to park haphazardly in this particular lot, right?

Gina opened her mouth to argue that no, she could walk, she didn’t need Mack to carry her, but all she managed was a weak exhale as the teen lifted her from the seat. The sights of the entrance and lobby of the emergency room slid across her vision as she heard Mack calling for help.

“Please!” Mack cried, urgent by not frantic.

Luckily, it was a comparatively slow day in the emergency room, and the sight of an incredibly tall man holding an obviously pregnant woman in his arms was enough to rouse several nurses and doctors. One nurse pulled back the curtain on an empty bed and gestured for Mack to lay Gina down.

Mack carefully set the woman on the bed, then quickly backed up to let the professionals work. With Mrs. Sanchez safely delivered, he took a deep breath and, for the first time, realized that he’d had an accident at some point since leaving the house. He stole a glance down at his jeans, and, sure enough, a wet stain was spread across his thighs, down to his knees.

He drew in a breath. He’d take care of his jeans later; right now, he had to make sure Mrs. Sanchez was being taken care of.

“She had a seizure,” Mack explained, trying to project over the controlled chaos without shouting. “It was about a minute long, but she didn’t hit her head or anything.”

“Pulse is steady,” one nameless nurse called, reaching under Gina’s shirt affixing monitors to Gina’s chest.

“Breath sounds clear,” a doctor added, pulling his stethoscope out of his ears after listening to Gina’s lungs.

A third professional shone a light in Gina’s eyes. “Pupils equal and responsive.”

“Ma’am, can you tell me your name?” the doctor with the stethoscope asked.

“Regina Sanchez,” Gina answered, her voice soft but clear. “My husband…” She drifted off to catch her breath. Laying down made her feel better, but she was still more tired than she’d been in a long time.

The doctor turned toward Mack, with a glance taking in the telltale stain on the boy’s pants.

“She had a seizure,” Mack repeated. “She’s 34 weeks pregnant, 28 years old, born August 13th, and she’s never had a seizure before.”

One of the nurses entered all of this information into her tablet as Gina listened in awe. Yes, she’d told a lot of stories over the past month, but she was quietly stunned that Mack had no only listened, but retained all of that information.

“Her husband works here,” Mack went on. “He’s a surgical resident. Hector Sanchez.”

“We’ll call him,” the doctor promised. He inclined his head at one of the interns, who scurried off to find Hector.

“Fetal heartbeat is normal,” the first nurse noted, looking at the output on the monitor.

The doctor looked at the monitor, confirming the findings. “Everything looks pretty good here,” he said, informing both Gina and Mack. “How do you feel, Mrs. Sanchez?”

“Tired,” Gina answered honestly. “But not bad.”

The doctor nodded. “Seizures during first-time pregnancies are not unheard of. We’re going to schedule you for an MRI, just to make sure everything looks good in your brain, structurally. We’ll probably keep you overnight for observation, but I’m not too worried.”

Gina smiled softly in gratitude, but Mack let out an audible sigh of relief.

With the immediate concern alleviated and Gina being closely monitored, the doctor turned to Mack. “You did the right thing bringing her in, mister…?”

“Mackenzie,” Mack responded, shifting slightly as multiple pairs of eyes turned toward him. “Dominic Mackenzie. I’m her student. I work for her.”

The doctor smiled benevolently. “And you’re OK, son?”

The handful of interns that had gathered around the bed originally, in the hopes that they’d learn something exciting from the treatment of a pregnant women, now stayed to see what was wrong with the large young man who had wet himself. Maybe there was some interesting medical explanation.

Mack’s eyes narrowed as all eyes in the room seemed to stare directly at the stain on his pants, a barely-noticeable defensive response. “Yes, sir. I just want to make sure Mrs. Sanchez is OK.”

The doctor nodded. The boy looked perfectly healthy; it was likely that he’d just gotten scared when he saw his teacher having a seizure. The boy was probably embarrassed, so it was best to give him an out.

“We’ve got everything in hand here, Dominic,” the doctor assured him. “And I’m sure Dr. Sanchez will be here any moment. You can go.”

“I’d rather stay until Hector shows up,” Mack replied coolly, his eyes darkening even further.

“There’s really nothing more to be done,” one of the interns interjected. “You’d just be standing around.”

“Then I’ll stand around,” Mack said sharply, his voice approaching a growl.

He knew what they were saying. He knew what they all thought. But he didn’t care. The state of his pants was none of their business; he could make his own decisions, and he was going to stay with Mrs. Sanchez, at least until Hector arrived.

“Mack.”

Mack turned his head abruptly at the sound of Mrs. Sanchez’s voice. His face instantly melted from hardened defiance into anticipatory concern, ready to help with whatever she needed.

Gina’s gaze was open and sympathetic. “It’s OK, Mack,” she insisted, her voice filled with meaning. “You can go.”

Mack straightened, his mouth dropping open. “No, Mrs. Sanchez…” he stared at her, almost incredulous. “I can stay.”

Gina tilted her head to the side, her eyes full of pity. “Mack, it’s okay,” she repeated, emphasizing the word. “I’m fine. Hector is on his way. You can go home.” The “and change” was left unspoken, but clearly implied.

A flash of something crossed Mack’s face, too brief for Gina to interpret in her still-tired state. It was gone in an instant, replaced by a blank mask.

“Yes, ma’am,” Mack said simply, his voice low and emotionless.

Without another word, Mack turned and walked out, pulling aside the curtain. He knew that the rooms weren’t at all soundproof, and even though no one had explicitly described his accident, he felt like every person in the emergency room was staring at him as he walked toward the exit.

Mack kept his head high, not making eye contact. It wasn’t their problem, and it’s not like he was ever going to see any of these people again.

He could take care of himself.

Meanwhile, Gina watched through the open curtain as Mack strode through the automatic doors, shoulders as square as a marine’s. She wasn’t completely sure what had just happened, but should couldn’t shake the feeling that she’d done something wrong.
