Shannon's Night Out

Author: SJC Omorashi

*000*2025-10-24 06:21

This is a story featuring my OC Shannon. Any feedback is appreciated.

Shannon's Night Out

With law school mid terms finally over, twenty three year old Shannon was excited for a night out drinking with the girls. Shannon wasn't usually a big drinker, but with all stress from the tests, she felt she could use a night of liquid stress relief, and with the bar's special promotion tonight, "Girls drink half off night" it was a hell of a deal. Shannon wore a black micro tube top and red pants for her night out, a more revealing fashion choice than her usual blue shirt and black yoga pants.

Shannon and her two friends from law school, Mindi and Victoria arrived at the bar early on in the night. The bar was packed with girls wanting reduced drinks, and guys wanting to hook up with those girls. "Woohoo! Girl's night!" Shouted Victoria. "I'm gonna go talk to some of these hunks!" She said enthusiastically as she made her way to a group of boys. "Uhh, single girls get all the fun." Mindi said jokingly. "Let's get some drinks!" Shannon suggested. "Yeah. The Long Island iced teas are to die for here." Shannon and Mindi sat at the bar and ordered a Long Island iced tea each. Shannon took a sip. 

"Wow! these really are amazing!" She said as she sucked down her drink in a matter of minutes. "Slow down girl!" Mindi said surprisingly. "I love these, and they're half price!" Shannon replied. Shannon and Mindi drank and talked for a couple hours, as Victoria tried her luck with the guys, and chatted with her friends periodically. In that time Mindi drank three drinks, Shannon had five. Victoria came up to them, with a tall handsome man behind her. "Hey, girls, me and Jake her are gonna head back to his place." Victoria said excitedly. "Have fun girl." Mindi responded. Shannon was too busy drinking to notice her friend leave.

"I'm gonna hit the ladies." Mindi told Shannon. "Ok." Shannon responded." Mindi got back after about fifteen minutes, as Shannon had ordered and started a sixth drink. "Whew I had to goooo!" Mindi exclaimed blushing. "You should think about weeing too. The ladies' line is getting long, and there's only one toilet." She warned Shannon. "I'll wait until it's shorter." Shannon responded. The two girls talked for another fifteen minutes. "This was great, but I better head out." Mindi exclaimed. " You go on ahead, I'm gonna stay a bit longer." Shannon replied as she gestured to the bartender for a seventh drink. "Damn girl you can put it away! And you didn't go piss once." Mindi Said impressed. "These drinks are amazing!" Shannon replied as she began drinking down her seventh drink. "You have a good one." Mindi replied.

After Mindi Left, Shannon Stayed at the bar for another fifteen minutes and finished her last drink. When Shannon had drank to her heart's content, she payed her tab, and left the bartender a generous tip. At this point, Shannon got a call from someone she had been putting on hold all night, mother nature. All the Long Island iced teas had eventually made their way to her bladder, and Shannon needed to pee quite badly. She made her way to the ladies' room, and saw ten fidgeting girls ahead of her.

Shannon wasn't the only one taking advantage of girls drink free night, or ignoring nature's call. Shannon patiently waited in line, as the alcohol's diuretic affects were rapidly filling her bladder. She fidgeted a little, not wanting to be too obvious in her desperate predicament. The line moved slowly as girl after girl answered nature's call. More and more desperate girls were lining up behind Shannon. Shannon began sweating, as her bladder became more and more full. She began holding herself occasionally. Eventually she was the first girl in line. "One girl, one more girl..." Shannon muttered to herself. 

As the girl in the the bathroom came out. Shannon was relieved. "Finally I get to go!" But then, the last girl from the toilet uttered a phrase that made Shannon panic. "Sorry everyone... Uhhh I... Clogged the toilet... Sorry..." She said with her head down and a bright red face. "You've gotta be kidding me!" One girl exclaimed. "This place only has one ladies' room!"

"I'm gonna piss my new dress!" Another girl cried out. " Oh this is bad!" Shannon thought to herself. Her need was urgent. All the girls realized the only other toilet was the guy's room, with a line of three guys waiting outside it. The guy's room also only had one toilet. The girls quickly rushed for the line, ignoring their former places in line at the ladies' room, and frantically lining up first come first serve at the guy's room, behind the three guys. Many girls were now in front of Shannon. "Hey! I was first!" Shannon protested. "Screw that! It's a free for all!" One of the desperate girls responded as she pee danced. Other desperate girls not happy with their new positions in line also voiced their discontent. 

The girls began arguing amongst themselves about who should get what place in line, and who was more desperate. "Hey I'm gonna piss myself let me go first!" One girl exclaimed. "These are new shorts, and i had a pitcher of beer!" Another girl cried out. A couple girls tried sweet talking the guys into giving up their coveted spots at the front of the line. "Hey, ladies first, right boys?" A squirming girl asked. "Not when I'm about to piss my jeans!" A fidgeting guy fired back. Dialogue like this continued among the desperate customers. "I don't have time to argue with these girls, I need to peeeee!" Shannon thought to herself. She quickly exited the bar to search for an appropriate place to relieve her rapidly filling bladder.

Shannon walked the street looking for a place to pee. Her house, which she was planning to walk back to at the end of the night was thirty minutes away, and Shannon knew she couldn't make it in time. She would have to find somewhere else to pee. She was much too pee shy to relieve herself outside, especially with the streets being filled with people walking all around. Shannon's bladder was becoming swollen, very noticeably protruding out of her pants. She was sweating and holding herself as she walked. Shannon's face was blushing red from her embarrassment. "I gotta find a place with a toilet." Shannon thought to herself.

The only places open at this hour, she figured, were other bars, which probably all had long lines for the toilet, and convenience stores. She thought her best bet was a convenience store. She looked around for any little store that was open, while pee dancing and holding her crotch. At this point Shannon didn't care about being seen holding herself or squirming, as long as her panties stayed dry. She walked a few minutes until she found a convenience store that was open. She walked in and saw a middle aged lady behind the counter. "Uhh hi, can I use your bathroom?" Shannon asked. "Not unless you buy something first." The woman fired back. "Ok, I'll get this." Shannon said as she handed a candy bar to the woman with one hand, the other hand firmly in her crotch. " Your total's two ninety one." The woman replied." Shannon frantically took out her wallet, and to her horror, she realized she had spent the last of her cash at the bar, and left her bank card at home. 

"Uhh, I don't have any money, but can I PLEASE PLEASE use the bathroom? I'm bursting!" Shannon begged. "No cash, no peeing!" The woman said back with a stern grin on her face. "I'm sick of you freeloading party girls blowing all your cash on booze and trying to use my shop as a public toilet." But..." Shannon tried to plead. "Get out or I'm calling the cops!" The Woman fired back. Shannon left the store, and looked for another open business to empty her at capacity bladder. " Uhhh, what a bitch.!" Shannon thought to herself. 

After a few minutes of desperately walking with both her hands firmly on her crotch, Shannon saw another open convenience store. She went inside, frantically fidgeting, and asked the clerk, a guy who couldn't be much older than eighteen; "Hi. Can I PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE use your toilet? I really need to pee!" Shannon was embarrassed asking this to a guy five years younger than her, especially while pee dancing in front of him. "Sorry miss..." The guy said with an apologetic look on his face. "Restrooms are staff only." But you don't understand, I'm at my Limit!" Shannon pleaded as she danced in place. "Sorry, if I break the rules I could get fired." The guy said apologetically. Shannon left the store. "Oh no this is bad! I'm gonna piss myself!" Shannon thought to herself as the left the store to find a place to relieve her critical need to pee.

Shannon walked for a few minutes. Tears were in her eyes by now. Her bladder was rock hard and swollen. Sweat was pouring out of her as she fidgeted while walking, hands firmly pressed in her crotch. "Uhhh, there's nowhere to pee, I gotta pop a squat. But where? There's so many people around." Shannon's situation was dire, to the point she had abandoned her idea of finding a toilet, and would settle for an alley or other secluded spot. Every step Shannon took put great strain on her water balloon of a bladder. As Shannon walked around desperately, she had her head on a swivel as she looked for anywhere secluded where she could have privacy.

Unfortunately for poor Shannon, every alley had people hanging around, smoking or being patrolled by security guards. "Fuck no no! There's nowhere to pee, I'm at my limit." Shannon walked a few more minutes, seeking an unoccupied space, but with no luck. As she walked down the road, she felt something. A spurt of pee escaped! "Fuck no no I'm gonna piss my pants!" She thought to herself. As she walked, every few minutes another leak would escape. " I either gotta pop a squat in front of someone or piss my pants! Humiliation either way!" Shannon thought to herself. Shannon had given up any dignity she had up to this point.

The only consideration going through her mind was whether she wanted to be seen peeing on the ground, and get home with dry pants, or wet herself, and walk home with everyone seeing her wet pants. "Fuck, if I piss out here people will see me and my pussy. But If I piss myself I gotta walk home with wet pants, and mom and dad might be up." Shannon leaked a few more times, as her only two awful options ran through her mind. Just as Shannon had given up any hope of preserving her dignity, she suddenly found something seemingly too good to be true! She saw a small space between two buildings, barely wide enough for a person to fit, and there was no one there! "Oh thank God! yes! yes! yes!" She thought to herself, as she frantically ran for cover, as more little spurts of pee escaped her over capacity bladder.

Once in the alley, Shannon frantically pulled down her pants and panties. Shannon was frantically shaking and twitching as her bladder had seemingly overridden the rest of her body. As soon as her panties and pants were down, her bladder gave her no time to pop a squat, as the pee began flowing out of her. She leaned back, held a wall for support and began her very much needed relief. "AHHHHHHHHHHH!" Shannon exclaimed, as all that warm pee received it's mandatory release. Shannon was shaking, with tears in her eyes and sweat all over her body as her swollen bladder became slowly emptier.

Looking at her bladder, Shannon realized how swollen and bulging it truly was. The pee hit the ground and made a loud dripping sound as it hit the pavement. Shannon enjoyed the great sense of relief she was feeling in this moment. The pee exited her like a fire hose, second by second as Shannon became emptier and emptier. The pee continued strong until it gradually started to slow. The once fierce stream eventually became a weaker stream. As Shannon's bladder emptied, the stream eventually decreased to a few drops that trickled out of Shannon until her bladder was finally empty. The pee had made a large puddle on the ground.

When Shannon finally finished peeing, she checked her panties and pants for leaks. She saw fairly big wet patch on her panties, and a few small pee spots on the inside of her pants, unnoticeable from the outside. "I can live with this" Shannon said to herself relieved. She then pulled up her panties and pants. Now that her mind was off her bladder, Shannon just realized that while she had frantically tried to pull her pants down, she had been facing towards the opening of the alley while she was relieving herself. She noticed a person shining a large flashlight at her from the entrance. It was a police woman! Shannon was embarrassed. "How long has she been there? What how much did she see? Being caught pissing in public by the cops is not a good look for a future lawyer." Shannon thought to herself. Shannon's heart sank as she approached the police officer.

"Uhh, officer... You see..." Shannon said embarrassed, with her face blushing. She then realized the officer was frantically pee dancing like she had been a few minutes ago. "MOVE MOVE MOVE!" The officer exclaimed as she pulled Shannon away from the alley's opening, and absentmindedly handed her the flashlight. The police woman then ran in to the alley, lifted up her skirt, lowered her panties, popped a squat and began relieving herself like Shannon just had. The police woman seemed to need to pee just as bad as Shannon had. Shannon, not sure what to do, decided she should wait until the officer was finished to hand her back the flashlight. 

The officer peed for a while. Shannon, not knowing what to do, and out of the sheer awkwardness of the situation, occasionally snuck a peek at the urinating female officer. After the officer had finished peeing and pulled up her skirt, she approached Shannon. The officer authoritatively took back the flashlight and returned it to her belt. Shannon didn't know what to do now. The officer looked her in the eyes and said; "I didn't see nothing and you didn't see nothing." They both went about their nights.

*001*2025-10-24 08:06

Forgot to post the art I made of Shannon.

&&

*003*2025-10-25 07:34

Thanks! Appreciate that! And yeah the police woman part was one of my favorite parts of the story too. Thought id throw in a little twist ending lol.

