Chronicles of a Lord's daughter

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-10-06 14:34

Hey guys <3 Anyone who read my piece called The Great Lord (Found below) will be aware of the main protagonist in this piece, iv'e decided to scrap the original story path (unless there is an outcry and focus solely on Zoey's stories from her past before she met Adam.

Also there will be numerous updates to this piece periodically :) Hope you enjoy :)

$iframe data-embedcontent="" frameborder="0" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/33208-the-great-lord/?do=embed"

As the Lady Zoey awoke from her deep slumber her mind was clouded and confused, she was warm and cosy and did not much fancy the idea of getting out of bed. She had been having a marvellous dream about Gurvid and all the naughty things she would like to do to him, Gurvid was has her father’s friend, bodyguard and commander of all of his forces. He was a thick set man of average height with long blonde hair and a seemingly uncontrollable blonde beard, who was rarely seen out of his war splendour. Zoey often dreamed of him in his gleaming gold armour on his large black horse, riding to her rescue in some far off castle. This morning was one of those mornings, in her dream he had ridden gallantly to her rescue and then ravaged her in a thrall of deep passion and as she awoke and came to her senses she slipped her hand into her wet panties and began rubbing herself.

BANG BANG BANG

“May I come in?” The banging and the voice of her father startled Zoey and as she straightened herself up she quickly became aware that she really needed to pee.

“Yeah”

Her father entered the room and inspected his daughter, she was sat bolt upright in bed and looked stiff as a post, tiredness he thought.

“How are you this morning my darling?” Her father enquired.

“I’m okay, I have just woken up though”

Her father chuckled, how like her mother he thought to himself.

“So I see. What are your plans today?”

“I don’t know, I might go and see Rob for some sword lessons”

“I think that is a splendid idea and maybe you can pop in and see Lucy whilst you are out and about, Lucy has been very lonely recently and I’m sure she would appreciate your company”

Zoey nodded in agreement. Lucy was a friend of hers who had lost her fiancé during a siege at a town called Katan and she was struggling to deal with the loss, but at that very moment Zoey was more concerned about her bladder and how her panties were starting to become wet.

“Good. Also there is a delicate matter I wish to speak to you about”

Zoey smiled as best she could and nodded uncomfortably.

“There has been talk of a band of brigands in the area, you are not to leave the castle alone. If you wish to leave the castle, guards will be assigned to your protection. Is that understood?”

“Yes father” Zoey answered meekly. She was starting to lose control and pee was beginning to trickle out of her girl parts through her panties and into her bed sheets. She wanted her father to leave quickly, she knew this feeling all too well and knew in a matter of moments the floodgates would open completely.

She did her best to hide her situation of course, which was made easier by having a duvet to cover the lower half of her body. Her legs were crossed so her thighs were pressing together and her feet were tapping uncontrollably, but none of this was stopping the now constant trickle from between her legs.

Her father paced the room and moved over to the window to view his land. He was to the right of Zoey and Zoey wondered if he could see anything of her impending accident from the angle he was stood, so she pulled the duvet up even further and tucked it under her body on the right hand side.

However, what had started as a trickle was now becoming and torrent, her pee was streaming through her panties and beginning to drench the bed sheets. She could hear that oh so familiar hissing sound and feared her father would hear it too, so she began humming an incoherent tune in an attempt to cover the sound of her accident.

“I don’t recognise that tune?” Her father enquired.

Zoey just smiled and hoped to the heavens that her father would leave soon.

“Are you not getting out of bed today?” Her father enquired with humour in his tone.

Zoey began to panic.

I can’t get out of bed!! Not when I’m wetting myself, he’ll go berserk. I need him to leave NOW!!!!

“Yes father, but I’m not wearing anything under the duvet” Zoey told him in desperation.

Her father gave her a disapproving look, but thankfully began to head for the door, the moment the door closed behind him Zoey threw back the duvet to inspect the damage.

Her panties were soaked from front to back and a dark stain had appeared on her once crisp white bed sheets. She stood up and checked herself in the mirror, a huge pee stain had spread all up the front of her crotch and at the back the white material of her panties had turned almost see through against her cute pert bum. She ran her hands over her bum and pulled her panties up high so as to get a true sense of the damage she had done, the wet patch was huge, stretching almost halfway up the back of her panties.

The door opened.

Zoey turned in absolute horror. Immediately she feared her father had returned and was beginning to get her excuses together, but thankfully it was not her father but her maid Sarah.

Sarah entered the room and quickly realised the situation and promptly shut the door behind her, Zoey was stood with her legs crossed trying her best to hide her wet accident but it was still clearly obvious as was the huge wet stain on the bed.

“Ohh my Lady, wet the bed again I see” Sarah said with as much sympathy as she could muster.

Zoey nodded.

“It happens my Lady, I wouldn’t worry about it. Only yourself, your bed sheets and I know what happened, and it will stay that way. It happens to me every now and then as well, you’re not alone.”

Zoey smiled and felt better after Sarah’s kind words, though she found it odd that Sarah would admit she wet the bed herself.

“I’ll strip the bed my Lady and if you leave your panties on the sheets I’ll see to them as well”

“Thank you Sarah, you truly are a gem”

Sarah smiled at Zoey and suggested she got herself cleaned up, joking that it was not perhaps a good idea to walk around smelling of wee. It made Zoey giggle, so she removed her soaked panties, threw them on the wet bed sheets, grabbed some clean clothes and ran to get bathed.

After bathing herself and changing into her outfit for the day, Zoey made her way back to her bedroom where she found her bed had fresh clean sheets and all signs of her morning accident had been removed, Sarah remained however and greeted Zoey upon noticing her.

“Thank you Sarah, for everything”

“That’s quite alright my Lady. Can I get you some breakfast?”

“Yes please, could you bring me bacon and eggs and coffee.”

“Of course my Lady”

Zoey smiled and seated herself in her window and seat and gazed at the scenery beyond. It was a beautiful day, the sun was shining bright but she could see that it was cold outside, even now at nearly midday there was a frost on the ground. Zoey watched the peasant folk milling around outside the castle, she often felt sorry for them, but knew deep down she knew they were well looked after by her father, certainly compared to how many other folks lived in other areas, but even still, she knew she lived a privileged life and had nothing but respect for the folk she watched below.

Zoey turned her gaze from the folk below and onto the forest in the distance beyond the town, she often liked to ride in the forest with Lucy and she found her father’s warning about brigands hard to comprehend, to Zoey the forest was such an innocent place, a place of beauty, a place for animals to live in peace away from humans, not a place for bandits to terrorize innocent people. She wondered what Gurvid would do about the problem, ultimately he was the man who would be responsible for their capture or more likely, their killing.

Gurvid was a fierce man with an even fiercer reputation. He had joined her father’s service many years ago as a soldier and had served with distinction in many battles, then a couple of years ago he was made her father’s bodyguard. It was said that at the siege of Katan Gurvid had single handily slain thirty men to rescue her father and whisk him to the safety of the catacombs and that was how he became commander of her father’s forces, Zoey didn’t know if that figure was true, but it would not surprise her if it was.

As Zoey continued to muse her breakfast arrived. Sarah entered and placed the tray on her bed and asked if she would like anything else, Zoey declined and thanked Sarah who left Zoey in peace to enjoy her breakfast.

Zoey tucked into her bacon and eggs and began to wonder what she would do with her day, she figured she would go and get some sword lessons of Rob and then see how she felt from there. Lessons with Rob could often be hard and tiring, he was a strict disciplinarian and did not much care for Zoey’s often melodramatic style of training. Despite this, she did enjoy training with Rob, she knew deep down he was a kind soul albeit an often grumpy one.

Zoey gobbled down her food and quickly drank her coffee, grabbed her practice sword and made her way to the hall where Rob could often be found.

As she entered the hall Rob was moving some straw dummies around and bitterly complaining about the quality of the straw.

“If the straw is that bad, I’ll ask my father for some new ones” Zoey said as a way of alerting Rob to her presence.

“Ignore me my Lady, they aren’t that bad, just a bit tatty. What can I help you with?”

“Some lessons would be good, if you have the time”

“I always have the time. Come on then, what are you waiting for?”

And with that Zoey charged the man, Rob twisted to the side completely evading Zoey’s attack. Rob picked up his practice sword and began schooling Zoey on the finer points of sword play.

Thirty minutes had passed when the door opened again. It was Gurvid. Zoey, who was sweating profusely by this point looked in wonder at Gurvid in all his splendour. Gurvid laughed when he saw the pair.

“Quite the sword master aren’t we” Gurvid was addressing Zoey.

“I’m better than you” Zoey fired back.

“Hahahaha. No doubt my Lady, but I’m not a swordsman.”

“Aren’t you? What are you then?”

“I’m a soldier my Lady, I have no love for sword play.” His tone was pleasant.

“Perhaps Rob could show you a thing or two then” Zoey retorted.

“No doubt he could. If I ever want to learn how to flicker and dance like a wench after too much wine, I’ll know who to talk too”

Zoey burst into laughter.

“Did you come here for a reason? Or just to be a nuisance?” Rob asked tiredly.

“Both really. My Lord needs you, you are to come with me to his quarters.”

Rob nodded and began preparing himself to leave.

“What’s the problem?” Zoey asked Gurvid.

“Nothing for you to worry about my Lady”

“Is it the bandits?”

“How do you know about the bandits?”

“I was fighting them last night” Zoey announced proudly.

“Were you. Then perhaps you can give me some tips, I may be fighting them myself soon”

“Well…..” But Zoey was interrupted by Rob before she could start.

“I don’t think Gurvid has time for you games my Lady”

“Oh be quiet Rob you grumpy bastard. Ignore him my Lady, please continue.”

Zoey laughed again.

“Well… what I was about to say before I was so rudely interrupted…”

Rob interrupted again.

“My lady, please.”

“It would appear Rob’s sense of humour has gone missing again, that is if he had one to start with. Perhaps you can finish schooling me another time”

Gurvid and Zoey both smiled.

“Can I come with you?” Zoey asked nobody in particular.

“It’s your castle my Lady, but I don’t think your father will appreciate it” Gurvid answered in a saddened tone.

“But answer me this, if you do fight the bandits, will you be okay?” Zoey could not mask her genuine concern for the safety of her crush.

Gurvid gave Rob a look as if to say “Fuck off and leave us alone” and approached Zoey.

He moved close to her and brushed her hair out of her eyes.

“My Lady a sheep does not kill a wolf” And left her with those words ringing in her ears.

Zoey stood frozen for a few moments, still staggered by her naivety for display her feelings so openly, although she was eighteen years of age, Zoey still had bouts of childlike naivety.

Once Zoey had composed herself she decided she wanted to know what was happening about the bandits and so made her way to her father’s quarters. On the way to her father’s quarters she decided that she had better change as she was bathed in sweat, so she ran into her bedroom for a change of clothes and panties as it turned out. As she was stripping she felt wet between her thighs, at first she figured it was sweat but as she inspected further it turned out it was wee and she had leaked a fair amount into her panties, she cursed herself for being such a scatter brain and wondered how it had not left a stain on her trousers. However, despite the fairly large wet patch she decided not to change her panties, figuring she didn’t want to leave any traces behind of another accident, albeit a small one, particularly after what had happened earlier in the day, so she went to empty her bladder in the conventional manner and journeyed to her father’s quarters.

The room was fairly empty, just her father, Gurvid, Rob and one or two other senior soldiers were in the room, when her father noticed Zoey peering through the door, much to her surprise, he invited her in.

“Zoey my darling, we are discussing the bandit problem”

Zoey nodded.

“We would be interested in your input, after all, you are the only one here who has fought the bandits” Her father’s tone was not cruel, but rather playful.

Zoey blushed bright red.

“Perhaps I should go” Zoey announced and began walking for the exit.

“My dear, I did not mean to mock. It is good you are showing an interest in such matters and if you wish to learn, there are no better men to learn from. So come, sit”

And with that Zoey took a seat at the table, she sat to the left of her father on the most comfortable chair she could find, Gurvid was to her father’s right and Rob was stood pacing the room.

“My Lord, it is my opinion that the best way to deal with these bandits is to pay them off, that is what they are here for after all” One of the senior soldiers announced, Zoey could not recall his name.

“If you pay them off then we look weak and they’ll keep coming back, we are not their fucking bank” Rob barked.

“I agree. If we pay them off they won’t leave us alone” The other nameless soldier put in.

“This is getting us nowhere. We will not pay them off, why would I summon my military advisors to give me advice on how to pay off bandits? I called you here to formulate a battle plan, so please, let us do just that. Gurvid, your thoughts?” His Lordship spoke firmly.

Zoey’s ears perked up at the mention Gurvid and she began listening intently.

“My Lord we have some information on where they may be hiding out, I suggest we investigate.”

“How?” His Lordship enquired.

“A small party, a scouting party.”

“Who would lead it?”

“I would my Lord”

“How many men?”

“No more than five”

Zoey had listened to the exchange intently and before her father could intercede, she spoke up.

“I could go” Zoey announced to the laughter of all around the table, except Gurvid.

“My dear, you are not a scout or a soldier” Her father spoke softly.

“I want to learn”

“You learn in the safety of the castle; these bandits are no fools.”

“But…”

“No arguments. You are still a girl. You are too innocent for such matters.”

“I’m eighteen, I’m an adult.”

“In body perhaps, but in mind and heart you are but a girl and I will not inflict the terrors of battle on my daughter.”

“This is not battle father; this is a ride in the woods”

Zoey had struck a note and she knew it.

“The Lady is right” Gurvid announced “This is not a battle, yet.”

Her father pondered the notion carefully.

“Can you guarantee her safety?” The question was directed to Gurvid.

“I can my Lord, but if it is to be so, it will be best if just the two of us go, it will attract less attention”

“Very well. Rest assured my dear, there is not a finer soldier to be found anywhere”

Zoey blushed and beamed a smile, because tomorrow she would go riding.

As Zoey dressed for bed she felt more wetness between her legs, however it was smaller than her leak earlier so she paid it very little mind. However, her thoughts were interrupted when her mother paid her a visit. Her mother was a lovely kind woman without a bad word for anyone, though Zoe found it unusual that she called on her at this late hour.

“Can I come in sweetie?” Her mother called from outside her door.

“Of course”

“How are you tonight?”

“I’m okay, is there something wrong?”

“I don’t know. I was speaking to Leah and she told me about one or two strange occurrences” Leah was a maid in her mother’s service.

“Like what?” Zoey enquired

“Strange occurrences involving you and your bed sheets”

Zoey blushed bright red and knew immediately what she was talking about.

“Leah said three of the last seven days you have wet the bed, what’s happening sweetie?”

Zoey couldn’t find any words and instead simply sat blushing like a beetroot.

“Are you scared about something”

“I don’t know… I just… wake up and … I’m desperate for a wee.. and …. I can’t seem to hold it”

“Does it happen at all during the day?”

Zoey thought about lying, but didn’t.

“Sometimes” She said, as she thought about the wetness she could feel between her legs at that moment.

“Well we’ll talk to the physician in the morning and see what can be done.”

Mother and daughter embraced for a time and when her mother departed, Zoey snuggled in bed with her stuffed animals and went to sleep.

*002*2016-10-06 19:11

{{1 hour ago, Night Rain said:

Will her early adventures just focus on her wetting herself or will it contain messes as well. As I would prefer it to stay to just wettings.

}}

At the moment I'm planning wetting and only wetting :)

*004*2016-10-07 15:12

{{19 hours ago, Night Rain said:

That's good to know ;) Can Sarah have an accident together with Zoey or if Zoey as Sarah about telling her. About one of the times that Sarah had once wet the bed Zoey ends up having an accident from the story telling which makes her need to pee worse?

}}

Anything can happen ;)

*007*2016-10-14 14:25

Part 2. WARNING: this particular extract contains quite heavy violence. Though it weaves into the narrative, so it is not unjustified

I awoke to the castle in uproar. I was tired and disoriented but I could clearly hear shouting, screaming and general terror and anger. I was still in bed, clutching my stuffed animals and cautiously scanning my bedroom threats.

“Is anyone there?” I called out, though what response I was expecting I am not quite sure, I think it was more out of hope and curiosity to be honest. I received no reply however.

I climbed out of my bed, still holding my teddy bear and cautiously approached my bedroom window. I opened the curtain and was greeted by the sight of flames, smoke and men and women running scared in all directions. I felt my stomach churn and my heart skip a beat.

I jumped back from the window in pure shock and terror.

Suddenly my tiredness was forgotten and I was consumed by self-preservation. I ran to my desk in the corner of my room and cleared it of my diary, papers and such like and pulled the desk with all the strength I could muster and placed it against my door. In my mind that would stop any would be intruder.

I retreated to my bed and pulled the duvet to my face. My mind raced through countless scenarios of what was happening, all of which were too terrible to contemplate. I feared for my father and mother and wondered where they were and if they were safe, then I thought to Lucy and feared even more for her as she lived in the town, unprotected by the castle walls. Suddenly however, my thoughts were interrupted by approaching voices and footsteps from the corridor outside of my bedroom. At first I froze in fear, but then I moved.

I jumped out of bed and hid myself in my wardrobe, it wasn’t a tight squeeze, mostly because I was so lithe and I simply squatted down, closed my eyes and hoped I would not be found.

The voices did die down and at one point I was about to leave my hiding place, but then I heard the voice again. This time it was alone but I could neither make it out, or understand what they were saying, the wardrobe was muffling out all noises. I then heard a banging. Whoever it was, they were kicking down my door. I could hear my desk putting up resistance but I knew it would not hold out forever. I wrapped myself in a piece of clothing and began praying I would come out of this alive. Then I heard it.

Bang! Bang! Bang! CRASH!

My desk had lost the fight and the intruder was in my room. I heard the footsteps creeping around the room, but the intruder said nothing. Tears were rolling down my face. I thought of my childhood and all the fun I had playing with friends in the woods. I thought of the day trips we used to have to the seaside. I thought of all the times my father had surprised me with gifts and I thought about my parents and how much loved them, but these thoughts did not distract me from my impending doom.

I heard a crash, I didn’t know what it was but it terrified me and I felt my bladder cramp and pee began leaving my body. I squatted silently as a torrent of pee washed through my panties and pyjama bottoms and thundered into the wooden surface below my bum. I had no control, I was so afraid for my life I had lost control of both my senses and my bladder. I sat quietly weeping as my bladder emptied itself into my clothing. My feet were wet with pee. My bum was warm and soaked.

I continued peeing.

I heard a noise. I couldn’t make it out at first, but then it became clear. My pee was trickling out of the doors of my wardrobe and pooling on my carpet and my intruder heard it. I began shaking uncontrollably as the footsteps drew closer. I could hear death approaching me and I could no longer feel my body, except a chilling sensation that I would not wish on my worst enemy.

Closer. Closer.

Then the door was opened.

My bladder released another torrent of pee, but I did not see the intruder. My eyes were welded shut, I had no wish to see my killer. I made a mewing noise as I felt the cold draught of air hit my face, this was my end.

“My lady. It’s me.” The voice was familiar, so I opened my eyes to see my hero; Gurvid.

He was crouched down to my level and looking me straight in my eyes, never in my life had I been quite so happy to see his face. He was in his full war splendour, but he had removed his helmet and his sword belt was lying on my bed. He reached out a strong hand and I grabbed it.

He helped me out of my wet hiding place and inspected my condition, he could not have missed the fact I had so obviously wet myself, but he said nothing of it and instead began explaining what was happening.

“My lady, are you okay?” He enquired with all the softness his hard military voice could muster, though I could find no words to say, so I meekly nodded. “My lady, bandits attacked the town and fired the barns and food stocks, many innocents are dead.” He began himself, but I cut him off before he could finish.

“Are they in the castle? Are mother and father safe? What about Lucy…” I was babbling, so he cut me off with a quiet shushing noise.

“It’s a long story my Lady, but I will keep it brief. Your mother and father are safe, I secured them in the middle keep and I have posted guards to ensure they are safe. There are bandits in the castle, though most have been dealt with, that is why I am here, to take you to the middle keep.” The explanation was indeed brief and I had so many questions to ask, but I knew they would have to wait until we were both safe in the middle keep.

“Will you be staying with us?” I asked.

“No my Lady, I must rally the defence and clear whatever rats are left in the castle and then rally the defence of the town.” And with those words he took my gently by the arm and began the journey to the middle keep.

I was instructed to stay behind him at all times, an order I was only too happy to obey. We crept slowly and quietly down the main corridor towards the stairs. I could hear shouting and banging all around me and doubtless Gurvid could hear it too, but he paid it no mind. As we approached the stairs he told me to stop and wait there. Gurvid moved forward to the top of the stairs, then I lost sight of him as he went over the crest of the stairs. I wanted to go after him, I did not feel safe alone, but I did what I was told and I am glad I did.

I did not see the fight that ensued but I heard it, the clash of steel, the crunch of steel on bone and the screams of men as they met their maker. I feared Gurvid was one of them, it made me shiver, there is not a worse sound than the scream of a dying man. These moments seemed to last a lifetime and it was deathly silent for a time, until I heard footsteps on the stairs approaching me. It was Gurvid.

He moved to the top step so I could see him and gestured for me to follow him. At the bottom of the stairs lay three dead men. One of the men was still breathing his last breaths as I moved towards him, he was making a horrendous gurgling sound and blood was pouring out of his mouth. Gurvid pulled my head to his armoured chest to cover my eyes from the horrific sight, and whilst the sight was gone I could still smell the men, shit and piss was ripe in the air, that as I am given to understand it is the true stench of death.

We slinked down a small corridor that led to gate to the middle keep. I was told to stick to the wall, meanwhile Gurvid moved ahead to clear a path. So you can imagine my horror when a hand grabbed me from behind and pulled me into a room.

I tried to scream but I couldn’t. I bit the hand but it didn’t release me, I writhed and wriggled and kicked and thrusted, all to no avail. The person stunk of alcohol and dried blood and I felt like a pig going to slaughter, my bladder let go again, though this turned out to be a good thing. My captor slipped on the wee that was trickling out of my pyjama bottoms and fell to the floor, I fell with them but my mouth was free and I screamed as loud as I could.

I heard armoured boots running up the corridor but the next thing I knew I was being thrown through the air. I was disoriented and confused and it was only once I had recovered that I realised Gurvid had entered the room and thrown me from atop of my captor so he could deal with them unhindered.

I did not dare look to see what Gurvid had done to my would be captor, but I heard the unmistakeable sound of steel on bone again which made me flinch away.

The rest of the journey was uneventful and before long I was delivered safely to the middle keep where my dear mother and father, among others awaited me.

As I entered my mother came running to me and embraced me as if she had not seen me for millenniums, meanwhile my father smiled and quietly sat planning his next move. I turned around to thank Gurvid but he was already gone, clearly the defence of the castle and town waits for nobody. So I went to sit with mother and father, but before I could my mother, upon noticing my rather wet and smelly state, insisted I should clean myself up and change my clothes, so a guard was sent up to my bedroom to fetch me some clothes, whilst another was sent to fetch some water so I could wash myself.

