STP

Author: secretomoact

*000*2021-05-05 05:33

Had an idea for a story about a trans guy using a urinal for the first time. I really hope the terminology used here is respectful, and that my description of the STP prosthetic's use is accurate. I was picturing the one from this company while I wrote this.

***

Avery’s prosthetic had finally arrived, and he loved it. Both for how it felt against him, inside his pants, and because he could wear it out anywhere; walk into a restroom and just pee standing up. It would be so much easier to use restrooms out in public now. He was always scared someone would notice he was sitting down to pee, and have an issue with him. This had led to a lot of desperation for him, as he tried his best to avoid entering public toilets altogether. That was over now. He could pee when he needed to, and he could do so standing.

The workings of the prosthetic seemed pretty simple. It all just came down to gravity. When he’d first washed it, he had observed how the water ran through the cup and spilled out the tip. He had also observed how too much water all at once could cause the cup to overflow.

He hadn’t actually peed with it yet.

The reviews online said it was a lot easier to get past the hesitation if the urge to go was more severe, that needing to pee very badly and standing there in front of the toilet would make it happen pretty automatically.

Several bottles of water later, and he was more than a little eager to give it a shot.

Just outside the door to the restroom though, he panicked, certain he’d make a mess of himself, his clothes, and the entire room. He could just take the prosthetic off, he thought. He could sit down and go, then try again later.

Except, he really wanted to do this.

Wow, Avery really needed to pee. He wanted to enjoy doing it standing up, not just the relief of going but going like any other guy— Avery’s bladder gave a twinge and he squeezed his legs tight together.

He hesitated at the door for a few more minutes, then placed a hand against it.

Right at that moment, the apartment’s doorbell rang.

Avery sighed. His Dad, was not home. Nobody else was around to get the door. He’d have to hold off a few more minutes. Avery walked to the door and swung it open, ignoring the confused pang from his bladder as he led it away from the toilet it needed.

The person at the door was his best friend, as well as the most beautiful girl Avery had ever seen; Lydia Johnstone. He felt his palms get sweaty as they often did when Lydia was around.

“Hi, Avery,” Lydia said. “I’m going to get some pizza and thought I’d ask if you wanted to come with?”

“Yes,” Avery answered right away.

“Awesome,” Lydia said happily. A smile broke across her gorgeous face. Avery’s heart pounded.

Avery stood there a few more seconds. He knew it would be unwise to leave the apartment with his bladder still full. All the sites warned pretty strongly against using an STP for the very first time in a public restroom, in case something went wrong. And, just sitting down to go in public set him on edge. Someone could notice and clock him, then give him a hard time about it, or even worse.

Yet, the words “Hold on a second, I gotta use the bathroom first” absolutely refused to form in his mouth. He felt himself start to blush just at the thought of saying that to Lydia. And, what if something went wrong with the STP while he was in there? Like, he overflowed it or something, and then he had to come back out in his wet pants to get changed, possibly with Lydia seeing?

No, he didn’t want to risk it. He’d hold it while he went out, then go once he got back here. Easy. Simple.

His bladder disagreed and sent a few particularly sharp twinges as he and Lydia descended the staircase that led from his apartment. Every step bounced the liquid in him up and down, making it press all the more against his sphincters. Once they were on the sidewalk, Avery started to think he may have made a mistake. But, if telling Lydia he needed a pee a few seconds ago when they were still in his apartment was too embarrassing, blurting out that he needed to run back inside and take a leak when they’d just left would probably be enough to literally kill him with shame.

Nope. He’d hold it. He could hold it. He really, really had to go, but he didn’t feel in danger of an accident or anything. Besides, once he and Lydia started talking as they walked, his need began to fade more into the background.

They arrived at the restaurant Lydia had chosen. The instant they were inside, Avery’s eyes automatically sought the door to the restroom. No, he couldn’t use it. Bad idea. What if he positioned his prosthetic wrong and just peed all over himself here? The thought of leaving the restroom, drenched in his own urine, in front of Lydia of all people—

Too risky. No.

Hold it.

That was a lot easier said than done. As he and Lydia sat at a table to await their order, Avery’s knee bounced up and down so much he nearly bashed it against the underside of the table. Maybe he could go into the restroom and sit down to pee, try the prosthetic later when he was at home? But, the restaurant was crowded. He knew there would be other people in the toilet, someone could notice how he peed. He knew it was ridiculous to think anyone was even paying that much attention to what he was doing, or to assume anybody’s first thought upon seeing a guy sit down to pee was that he must have been transgender— More likely, if they noticed at all, they’d just think he needed to do more than just pee.

But, knowing these things did not make it easier for Avery. It was still frightening for him. He’d gotten the prosthetic partially so he wouldn’t need to feel scared anymore. If he could just work up the nerve to actually use the stupid thing—

His and Lydia’s pizza arrived to the table. Avery had been so preoccupied by his bladder he hadn’t listened to what toppings Lydia had asked for; Anchovies and red pepper flakes. Salty and spicy and guaranteed to have Avery reaching for his water glass desperately.

“Is something wrong?” Lydia said. “You told me you like anchovies before.”

Avery did like anchovies. He just also liked having dry pants. That was going to be harder to achieve if he ate something that caused him to drink a lot of water when so much already needed to come out.

“Is it the red pepper?” Lydia asked. “Do you not like spicy food?”

Avery shook his head. He liked spicy food well enough. “This is fine, Lydia. Don’t worry. I just—“ HAVE TO PEE LIKE CRAZY “— was zoning out for a minute.”

As they ate, Avery was grateful for the table. His legs were hidden from Lydia’s view, so he could cross them together and jiggle them around as much as he wanted to. He just had to keep his expression neutral, which was hard to do. Hopefully if he looked pained, Lydia would just guess it was from the spice. He cringed when he had to reach for his water glass and take several long gulps.

Even though he knew it didn’t work that fast, he swore his bladder felt noticeably fuller the second he swallowed his last mouthful of water. His gaze kept being drug back to the restrooms. Men were entering and exiting every few seconds. It frightened him too much to go in, God how he needed to!

“Um… Avery?” Lydia asked suddenly. “Are you okay?”

Avery forced himself to straighten up, to stop fidgeting, to wipe the agonized look off his face. “Y—Yes,” he said, feeling his cheeks burn. “Why?”

“You… Um… You keep kicking me,” Lydia said with a laugh.

Avery flushed hot and cold. He’d been so lost in his desperation he hadn’t felt that he’d been kicking Lydia. “S—Sorry,” Avery stammered.

“What’s got you so antsy?” Lydia asked. “Oh, is it the Math test we have on Monday? I’ve been worried about that, too.

“It’s…” Avery lowered his voice and leaned in conspiratorially. Confused, Lydia tilted her head closer to him. “I… I need to use the restroom.”

“Then go,” Lydia said, still confused. She spoke way too loudly for Avery’s liking. Lydia had an awful habit of not controlling the tone and volume of her voice. Normally, Avery found it cute. Now, however…

“I can’t,” Avery said.

“Why not?”

“Because…”

“Oh… That,” Lydia said. She knew her friend was transgender, but it was sometimes difficult to put herself in his shoes. She couldn’t imagine what it felt like to constantly be reminded that your body had not come out the way it should have, that you had parts that shouldn’t have been there, and that important things were missing. Avery must receive reminders like that every time he needed to pee, having to look at and touch an area of his body that felt wrong to him, having no choice but to crouch or sit down to urinate, having that wrongness emphasized all the more. She wondered if maybe Avery sometimes forced himself to hold it until it just got to be impossible so he could avoid that feeling.

Lydia tried to speak quieter, figuring she could at least assuage his worries about one aspect of the problem; “Nobody will notice if you are sitting down.”

“I know they won’t,” Avery said. Now that Lydia knew what was troubling him, he was squirming more openly. He ground himself against his seat, he crossed his legs together at the ankles and rubbed them against one another. He even... well... started to hold himself. He was gripping the opening of the prosthetic a little, like on an instinct. He realized what he was doing and that it should have no affect on his ability to hold his pee inside his bladder, but there must have been some kind of psychological component to it because now that his hand was covering the opening, he did actually feel marginally more in control.

Avery fought back a bit more embarrassment. They were talking about it now. No real point in keeping quiet anymore. And, a part of him did really want to tell someone about this, Lydia was his best and closest friend, so she should be the perfect person for it. “And, I… I have this thing now. So I can… Do it standing.”

“Oh, cool,” Lydia said. She was sure that made him feel better. No more being reminded of the body parts he was uncomfortable with whenever he needed to pee. But, that added to her confusion about why he was still holding it. “So, what’s the problem?”

“I haven’t… I haven’t actually used it yet,” Avery explained. “I haven’t practiced at all, I’m worried I’ll mess it up really bad somehow."

So, Avery didn’t... Know how to aim? Was that it? Lydia didn’t think she would be of much use there, not like she had any experience in that field. She’d never even seen a guy pee before, she didn’t think. She didn’t have any brothers, and her Dad didn’t ever go with the door open. “Could you text your Dad?” she suggested. It would probably be really weird to get a text from your son asking how to aim your pee stream correctly, but he was the only cisgender guy she could think of that Avery was close enough to to ask for advice like that.

“Text him what?” Avery asked, still wriggling uncontrollably. If he didn’t come up with some way to handle this, the first time he peed with his new prosthetic would also be the first accident he’d had in years.

“How to… You know… Aim it?” Lydia said.

“That’s not the— I’m sure I can figure that part out,” Avery said. “Just point and shoot, right? But, I need to be sure it’s… uh... under me right, and I don’t want to overflow it, and—“

“Nobody will notice if you just sit down,” Lydia said. “Nobody’s going to be looking that closely.”

“I know…” Avery said. If he was honest with himself, it wasn’t just the fear of someone clocking him that made him hesitant to pee sitting down on a toilet. It was because, after years and years of wishing he could go standing up, sitting down to pee even one more time when he had another option was going to really suck. That and he’d have to take the prosthetic off to sit down. Even if he’d only been wearing it a little while, it had felt so utterly comfortable to him. It had ceased to be a prosthetic and had started to just be his dick. He didn’t want to take it off, to remind himself that it wasn’t what he'd been born with. It would make him feel fake and inauthentic.

Drip…

As Avery had thought these things over, the actual current state of his bladder had fallen to the wayside. It jolted back to the front of his mind when he felt a tiny warm dribble begin to seep from him. He clenched his thighs tighter, crossed his legs to the point it felt like he was cutting off the circulation. He managed to stem the flow, but knew he could not finish eating and get back to his apartment dry. He had to go! He’d reached the limit. Too much water and too much time spent fretting and holding. Something had to give.

It was going to really suck, it was going to be very uncomfortable, but he’d just pee sitting down and hope no one in there noticed or thought twice about it.

“I’m going to— To try,” Avery squeaked out to his friend. He was bursting, completely. He shot to his feet, and a bolt of need coursed through him in response. The change in gravity had been too much, too abrupt. Oh God, he couldn’t hold it much longer! Somehow he got himself to stand up a little straighter, but when he tried to walk his knees buckled beneath him, urgency shooting through his body.

“You okay?” Lydia asked.

“Ffffine,” Avery hissed out. “Be right back.” He rushed for the restroom as quickly as he bloated, over-hydrated body would allow him to move. At least it wasn’t a long walk. He pushed open the door and entered. There was a long row of urinals, a few of them in use. Avery could kind of hear the light sprinkling and quiet hsssss of the other guys’ streams hitting the porcelain, he tried to block it out as he hobbled in the direction of the two stalls… Which were both in use. Ohhhh, no! I can’t wait anymore! I have to go now! Have to!

He shakily headed over to the sinks to wait for one of the stalls to open up. He bounced in place as he waited. Ever since he began transitioning, he’d learned how long it could take for a stall to vacate in a men’s room, as most men only used them to poop unless they were particularly pee-shy at urinals. He knew how brutal it could be to wait for a stall with a brimming bladder. And, his bladder was brimming more today than he thought it ever had. He crossed his legs as he continued to jiggle in place.

He hoped that the guys in the stalls had been in there a while already, that they’d be exiting soon enough, that he could wait for them. But, he’d already waited so, so long. Being in a restroom was making his need worse. As the guys at the urinals finished doing what Avery needed to do, he realized he could not wait any longer. He just couldn’t. He was full. Completely. And more and more pee seemed to be filling his bladder by the second. He felt himself beginning to dribble again. He couldn’t wait. He had to go. God, he just had to go!

He could just… He had the prosthetic… He’d never used the prosthetic! He had no practice! All the websites said this was a bad idea.

No. Either he tried to use his prosthetic at the urinal and have at least a chance at staying dry, or he keep standing there until he had an accident. No other options. Desperate beyond belief, he rushed for the urinal at the far-side, furthest from the door. This one was lower to the ground than the others, which was good. He thought he had a better chance at making this work if the target was a little below him. At the others, he imagined he’d have to stand on the tips of his toes to direct his pee into them.

He shifted from foot to foot, swaying in place now. So, he just… Unzipped, right? The websites had said it was best to try this with your pants down the first few times… But, if he did that, it would surely attract a lot of unwanted attention. He undid the button on his pants, tugged the zipper down. His bladder spasmed angrily, sending more drips past his overworked sphincters.

He was trembling as he pulled the head of the prosthetic from his jeans. He kind of parted his legs a bit, and adjusted the positioning of the cup as much as he could. He hoped it was the right place. He was pretty sure he knew where it was his pee came out of, but knew if he was wrong this was gonna be a disaster. He thought it was in the right place. Please, please let that be the right place!

Now that he was reasonably certain it was safe to let flow, nothing happened. His mind kept buzzing. Was there a certain area he was supposed to aim at? He’d seen posts on the Internet where guys complained about getting ‘splashback’ at urinals, did that mean that if his pee hit the wrong area, would it just shoot back at him or something? Was he supposed to pee at the back wall-part, or into the bowl at the bottom? He was probably really, really overthinking this. It wasn’t rocket science, it was just a toilet that was a little different from what he was used to. And, more importantly, he had to GO.

He tried to relax and just stop fretting about such random things. He wasn’t attempting open heart surgery here, he was just trying to pee!

Ohhh, but what if it didn’t work right? He remembered how the cup could overflow if too much went into it at once. What if, since he had to go so bad, it ended up being too much, too fast, and it all overflowed and just went down his legs!? He had to stop worrying! He had to go so badly! He just had to—

Avery let out a shuddering breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding as he did. His bladder had opened up, urine trickled down, out of his tip, little spatters against the urinal, and then a real stream. He knew better than to let go all the way, and made himself keep holding back a little bit. If he went full force, it would overflow for sure. As it was though, everything was perfectly okay. His pee was coming out, all going where he wanted it to, none was streaming down his legs or back-flowing over his butt. He was just… Peeing.

“Ahhhhhhhhh…” Even if he wasn’t letting himself go full-force, Avery was unable to keep himself from groaning with the relief, and the euphoria of watching his pee stream out his dick into a urinal. He thought it was stupid, but he’d actually seriously dreamed of being able to do this.

He closed his eyes, and tipped his head backward a bit. It felt so good. It felt good all around. For the first time in his entire life, he did not feel like he was in danger inside a public restroom. Anyone who saw him would look at him like they would any other guy. Because he was just like any other guy, even if he just needed some extra tools. He was just so happy that someone had invented prosthetics like the one he had now, it was like a new world was opening for him. One where he didn’t have to be scared when he needed to pee in public. One where he didn’t have to be reminded of the things that made him miserable every single time his bladder got too full to ignore.

At last he was empty, and the relief wore off. But, the euphoria did not. He was about to zip right back up, when he remembered the last thing he had to do. He leaned forward just a little and shook the prosthetic. A short stream of excess pee spattered out and he was grateful he’d remembered to do that so it hadn’t wound up in his pants instead. He finally zipped back up and a few minutes later he was back at the table with Lydia. She asked if it had worked out, and he told her it had worked out great. He felt so much better now, in so many ways.

*002*2021-05-06 03:56

{{6 minutes ago, Ms. Tito said:

I love this story so much!

}}

Thank you!

*004*2021-05-10 03:22

{{On 5/6/2021 at 1:45 PM, ConfidentMento said:

As a trans guy who is saving up for this exact stp, this is an amazing story! Everything you said was accurate, though you'd have to be peeing pretty forcefully to overflow the reelmagik's cup lol.

The euphoria of peeing standing up, it's like no other.

}}

I am very glad you enjoyed it!!

*008*2022-02-05 04:14

Okay, so I have a huge backlog of fiction updates to post to this site, but since I don't want to put up a ton all at once I'll just do a couple each day (Like, one chapter for each story.) You can view my AO3 account if you want to see more right away. (Link to that on my profile.)

***

Avery thought that he actually had two bladders. First, he had his Normal Bladder, the one that was average sized and filled up at a consistent, steady rate. When this was the bladder his kidneys chose to pump urine into, he could easily gauge how long he had left to find a restroom before it became an emergency.

But, then there was his Movie Bladder. This was a much, much smaller bladder that his body only chose to fill when he went to a movie theater. It was about half the size of a small cup of soda.

Avery hated having to get up in the middle of a movie, not just because he didn’t want to miss anything, but because he didn’t want to bother anyone else trying to climb out of the row. It didn’t matter if he used the restroom five minutes before the film was set to start. It didn’t matter if he took careful, small sips from his drink. It didn’t matter if he became absorbed in the movie and didn’t think about peeing. He always, always ended up needing to go. And he always ended up needing to go BAD.

He didn’t understand it. He could make it through entire days at school sometimes, which were much longer than any movie he’d ever watched. He could sleep through the night without having to get up for a pee. And, when he watched movies at home, he didn’t end up needing to pause them for a toilet break. He had no idea why his bladder always acted up at movie theaters, but for whatever reason, it just did.

But, this was, by far, the worst it had ever misbehaved while at a theater. Avery continually gave furtive glances to the now-empty soda cup resting in the cupholder beside him. Why did he have to have drank the whole thing? He'd known he’d end up needing to pee, and he was right smack dab in the middle of a very crowded row with no way out. Each time his eyes darted towards the stupid cup, he fantasized more and more about one possible way he could refill it. He had to repeatedly scold himself for thinking about doing something so disgusting.

And, logistically, it just wouldn’t work. He’d have to stand up from his seat so that the funnel of his prosthetic would work properly. That would attract attention. And, his pee would make a noise as it splashed into the cup. Everyone would turn and see him, and he’d be in a whole world of trouble.

It was a disgusting, awful, revolting idea.

But, his bladder spasmed and lurched every time he thought about carrying through with it. He crossed his legs back and forth underneath his seat as he tried to banish the idea from his brain. He couldn’t do that. He just couldn’t.

He looked up and down the row, wishing that at least one side wasn’t so densely packed. He didn’t want to bother anyone, but if he got up to pee, he’d have to bother at least six people. He hated feeling like he was in anybody’s way. That was how he’d felt his whole life, that he was an inconvenience to those around him. He didn’t act right, he didn’t dress right, he couldn’t figure out how to be the girl the world wanted him to be, and because of that he was at best a burden, and at worst a target. His best course of action was always to stay in the shadows and not let people notice that he existed.

He didn’t even fully realize how totally ingrained this rule was in his mind. Head down, eyes down, don’t look at anyone, don’t bother anyone. Just stay out of people’s way. These behaviors had become fully automatic, he did them at all times without even thinking, because there had been far too many times where he’d broken one of those rules and paid dearly for it.

He didn’t think on a conscious level that if he stood up and walked through the row for a pee, that he’d be jumped and beaten up. He just knew on a subconscious level that, in the past, when he’d made the mistake of getting too close to someone, that was what happened. It was fear, and a fear which he wasn’t even totally aware of, that kept him stuck in his spot.

Avery wondered how much longer the movie was going to be. He couldn’t concentrate on the story anymore at all. His legs continued to tangle around each other and he gripped onto both of the hand rests on his chair until his fingertips whitened. He managed to find a somewhat comfortable position for a few seconds, but then his bladder ramped up with its steady pulsing once more. He squeezed his thighs tight and tried to pay attention to the movie again.

He managed to pull that off for about five minutes before his bladder sent him a sudden and even more urgent signal that it wanted to be emptied right that very second. He had to go so much that it was starting to hurt. An agonizing, pinching sensation flared through his lower abdomen. He crossed his legs tighter and begged for the movie to finish. His thighs trembled in time with the throbs from his midsection.

He shook his legs anxiously, banging his knees against one another. That didn’t help, so instead he stretched his legs out in front of himself and leaned backwards, trying to give his poor bladder some more space to expand. Just like the day at the restaurant with Lydia, he found himself holding onto the tip of his prosthetic when particularly strong spasms threatened to send jets of urine into his pants. He was putting all of his energy into just controlling the massive tidal wave of liquid inside his body, but the sheer strain he was under was causing his muscles to lose resistance ever so slightly.

Avery’s bladder felt like it was about to explode into tiny shards. He didn’t think he could make it anymore. Again, he looked at his empty cup, visions of jumping to his feet, yanking its top off, tugging down his zipper and releasing an ocean into it once more filling his mind’s eye. It would just feel so good to let it flow, to let his waters gush freely into the cup, spurting and spraying as the agony fled from his body to finally leave him be…

‘No,’ Avery ordered himself. ‘Stop thinking about that. You’ll get freaking ARRESTED if you do that.’ He squeezed his thighs together even tighter, feeling the first dribbles escaping the confines of his overstretched bladder. A series of pangs rippled through its walls, shaking the bloated organ and tossing the gallons of pee around inside of it. He whimpered and crossed his legs desperately, doubling over. He managed to get the spasm back under control, but his bladder was still just so full, and his entire body was trembling with urgent need.

He couldn’t wait much longer. He’d already waited too long. He had to get to a toilet or he’d pee his pants. Scissoring his legs anxiously, Avery tried to psyche himself up to stand and force his way down the row. His anxiety spiked, however. There were so many people, and they’d be looking at him, and thinking about him, and maybe even angry with him… He wriggled against his chair, against his own nerves. He bounced in place, the idea of enraging someone sending shivers down his spine… Or, maybe the shiver was just from the intense pressure in his bladder.

A squirt of piss soaked into his boxers, and he stood up abruptly, pressing his heels against each other. He couldn’t wait. He had to just do it. “I—I’m really sorry,” he said softly to each person he passed. Every time he accidentally stepped on a toe, he grew more certain that someone was going to deck him, but no one did. Finally, he was out of the row and into the aisle. He just had to make it a little further now. Just had to get to a restroom…

Since Avery’s bladder hated movies for whatever reason, he knew exactly where the restroom in the theater was. He limped his way towards it, his bladder loosening itself up in eager anticipation of the urinal he was, at long last, going to bring it to…

Then his muscles tightened and cramped painfully when he saw the line.

Apparently, one of the movies playing today had just ended, and everyone that had been watching it must have had a lot to drink during it. The line was huge. Avery now knew that men’s room lines tended to pass a lot faster than women’s room lines did, but still… He didn’t think he could make it through any sort of line. No matter how quickly it moved. Still, he got himself to the back of that line as fast as his bloated body could move.

He also knew that it was hard to blend into his surroundings and not be noticed when he couldn’t stop doing a pee-dance. And, he definitely couldn’t stop doing a pee-dance right now. His legs were in endless, frantic, urgent motion. He jumped from foot to foot, shuffling in place, flexing his thighs. His hands balled themselves into fists, before he hunched over and scraped his nails against his knees, jiggling in place.

He knew people were looking at him. And, the same thoughts that always assaulted him when people were staring soared through his mind. Could they tell? Could they tell he wasn’t a ‘normal’ guy? Had his hair gotten too long? Was his face too round? Was his binder not on right? Were his hips too wide? Could they tell?

What if they could? What if someone came up to him and accused him of being in the wrong line, asked why he thought he belonged in a men’s restroom? What would he say to them? He didn’t think he’d be able to say anything… Panic swept through his body, settling painful and heavy on top of his bladder. As his fear built, so too did his desperation and he felt himself starting to leak once more.

If they were doubting he was a man, they would surely stop questioning it once he got to the urinal, wouldn’t they? They’d see he was the same as any other guy, then. They’d see he was a normal guy that just really, really had to use the restroom. Yeah. That was all he needed. He just needed to pee, like everyone else here did. He wasn’t doing anything wrong. But, his anxiety was still flaring, and it was making him need to go even worse.

He considered bolting from the line, rushing to the back of the building and releasing his bladder onto the wall instead. The wall didn’t have a line, and he didn’t have to worry that anyone would think he wasn’t the correct gender to use it. He’d peed against walls a few times since he’d gotten his prosthetic, but all those times had been late at night, when it had been dark and no one would have seen. Now, it was broad daylight. People would definitely see. And what if one of those people was a cop? He knew THAT was unlikely, but it was still too scary for him to consider going through with it.

At least the line seemed to be moving. And, even though people were looking at him, no one had said anything. So, they were just watching his fidgeting, then? Was that all? He hoped so… Avery was probably the only person to ever feel relieved at the idea that people were staring at him because he was obviously on the verge of pissing his pants.

The line moved at a decent pace, but nothing was fast enough for Avery at that point. He leaked several more times before he’d even gotten into the room, and once he was inside and could hear streams trickling and sinks running, he felt even more like he was about to explode.

He could scarcely believe that his desperation could keep getting worse. He’d thought for sure that what he’d felt when he’d still been sitting in the theater was the worst anyone could possibly need to use the toilet, but his body was dead-set on proving him wrong today. He was jogging in place now, spurt after spurt soaking into his boxers. He gripped onto the tip of his prosthetic and felt some semblance of relief from the action, but whimpered in the back of his throat anyway.

He was gonna pee. There was no way around it. He couldn’t make it any further. He was gonna have an accident right there in the restroom. He just couldn’t handle the line. He was too full, too bursting, he couldn’t take any more waiting.

‘I could ask someone to let me cut…’ he thought.

‘What? No I can’t!’ The idea of talking to someone made his heart pound so hard that his chest hurt… And another jet of piss sprayed from him.

‘I have to… I’m gonna have an accident if I don’t…’

He tapped the person in front of him, and the man turned around and looked down at him. “I—I’m really sorry,” Avery said, his voice wavering as it always did when he talked to people. God, his voice… He hated it so much. It was too high, too airy. So many times, people would do double-takes when they heard him talk. He tried not to notice it, but he always did. “I’m… Can I go ahead of you?”

The guy stared at Avery’s shuffling feet, and the position of his hand. Avery squirmed under his gaze from more than just desperation “…Yeah,” he said.

Avery exhaled a little. Then, went to the next person and asked the same thing. The guy gave him the same nerve-wracking once-over, and let him skip ahead. Same for the third man. Avery weaved and bobbed. It was his turn next. Just a few more seconds, and he’d be peeing. He could do it. He HAD done it. He’d fought down his fear of people just enough to be able to make it to the toilet in time. He’d done it.

He cringed and writhed as a urinal flushed, the sound sending shockwaves through his bladder. But, when the man stepped away from it, leaving it vacant, Avery could have cried with relief. He hurried to it, unzipping all the while, and aimed his prosthetic.

Pee trickled down its shaft and sprinkled against the porcelain as he let out a relieved gust of air through his nose. His stream came out slowly and steadily. He’d been so desperate to go that his bladder couldn’t unclamp all the way just yet. It hadn’t gotten the memo that it was okay to release. After a handful of seconds, his muscles slackened a little further and he was going more forcefully.

The relief then was magnificent enough that his eyes drooped halfway closed and his mouth hung open slightly. He’d made it! He’d made it! He’d finally made it! Now, he could finally just stand there and let it all drain away. All the tension, all the fear, all the horrible, agonizing desperation. All of it was leaving him now, replaced by nothing more than a light, floaty sensation that made him shiver. He felt so safe, so relaxed, so, so much better…

His bladder kept gushing for a little more than a minute, and he leaned forward as he shook out the final drops before tucking himself back into his boxers and zipping up. As he walked to the sinks, his legs were a little wobbly. His whole body was a little wobbly, really. Tingly feelings were still traveling up and down his spine. He’d had no idea that simply not-needing-to-pee could be such an amazing feeling.

He washed off his hands before returning to the theater. He’d need to go through the row to get back to his seat again, but he felt a little less scared the second time. He was okay.
