STP

Author: secretomoact

*017*2022-02-22 17:43

Avery’s class was going on an overnight trip to Washington DC, and he was mostly looking forward to it. He was dreading the long ride there, which was supposed to take around four hours. He was also a little worried about sharing a hotel room with some of the other guys in his class. He was not going to be able to bring himself to unzip his binder while he slept with them around, which meant he was probably going to have a sore back come morning. And there was no way in Hell he was going to remove his prosthetic and stash it somewhere for the night either, which was sure to cause a bit of itchiness around his crotch area the next day.

There was also the issue of showering. Yes, there was going to be a door, and that door was going to be locked tight, but he’d still have to… Take everything apart with them on the other side of that door. Even if they couldn’t see him, he knew they’d probably be thinking about it. When his secret had been exposed at school, some shunned him, some supported him, and some were just way too interested.

He doubted that his teachers were going to assign him to a room with someone they knew was cruel to him, and he knew that they at least tended to do a good job of paying attention to which students were bullies. But, he didn’t think they’d know which guys were overly curious about Avery. Because, while outright bullying could be obvious, this other behavior could be more subtle.

Just, small comments, or very quick touches that no one but Avery ever noticed… In the beginning, when Avery was still such a ‘novelty’, some guy he didn’t even know had actually asked him “So, are they big?” and it had been so out of the blue Avery didn’t even know what he was talking about. But, the guy had continued, and then it was obvious. “If you’re getting rid of them, have you ever thought about letting someone play around with them first? Just so you know you’re not missing out on anything.”

Avery hadn’t known what to say to that. He wanted to just punch the guy. Who the Hell says something like that to ANYONE? He was lucky that Lydia was nearby and had heard. He was lucky that his athletic best friend could be pretty freaking intimidating when she wanted to be.

And then, of course, there was the interest in what Avery had between his legs. Avery changed in the coach’s office before gym, but now that he had a prosthetic, whenever he wore shorts he did have a bulge. Not a huge one, he was always so careful to adjust everything just right. He’d read horror stories on the Internet about how packers could sometimes make it look like a person had a constant boner, and that was not something he ever wanted to have happen.

But, it was still noticeable that something was there. And, for a while, some guys— some girls too— would… Look. They weren’t even subtle about it, either. They literally just stared right between his legs, causing him to tug his shirt down to try and cover himself up. He didn’t freaking get it, if he were a cis guy, he didn’t think all these people would be so interested in how his cock rested inside his shorts. They wouldn’t care. But, just because he was trans, what he had there just had to be SO interesting. Once, some guy even brushed his hand over Avery’s crotch for a moment when they were supposed to be exercising together. It had been so brief and fleeting that Avery tried convincing himself it must have been an accident, and that if he said anything he would just be overreacting.

He wasn’t that sure though.

Avery was sure he didn’t have to worry about sharing a hotel room with someone like Liam, but he also had to hope that he didn’t get stuck with someone that just found him way too fascinating. Uncle Brad would be coming along as a chaperone, though. Avery was confident that Brad wouldn’t allow anyone to act that way towards him.

The day of the trip, Avery sat beside Lydia and his uncle on the school bus. Avery wished his uncle had a car and could have driven them himself, but Brad had told him he didn’t really need one since the subway was always faster. Avery knew that was true, he’d never seen so much traffic in one place before he’d come to New York— Which was kind of weird when he thought about it, because it seemed that very few people who lived there really drove unless they operated a bus or taxi…

Avery was glad his uncle was beside him on the bus, because Liam was in the seat in front of him. He felt confident that Liam wouldn’t bother him now.

The ride was fairly uneventful for a while. Avery watched out the window at the passing scenery, he played some games on his phone, he talked to Lydia and Brad… He tried to ignore the sound of Liam’s voice up ahead as he talked to one of his friends, Ron. Avery was ashamed that Liam’s voice alone could make him feel nervous, but it did. Even though Liam wasn’t talking about him at all…

Liam did say something that managed to make Avery a little uncomfortable, and it hadn’t been on purpose at all. Liam just suddenly stopped mid-sentence and groaned; “God, aren’t we ever going to STOP” I need to fucking piss!”

And, hearing Liam mention pissing of course made Avery think about the day he’d had an accident. Which made him think about the confrontation in the principal’s office. Which made him think about how long he’d already been on this bus for. Which made him think about how the pee he’d had earlier that morning had been hours ago now.

Which made him realize that he needed to go.

And now that he’d noticed his urge, it suddenly felt a lot more pressing.

Avery heard Ron say something to Liam, but he couldn’t hear what exactly. When Avery looked down at his feet, he noticed from beneath the seat ahead of him that Liam’s were tapping against the floor. Looked like he hadn’t been exaggerating, he really did have to go…

A little piece of Avery was happy to see that Liam was clearly distressed by his bladder. Avery remembered all the times he’d been walking to the restroom at school, but saw Liam reach it before him. Every time, Avery would just turn around and resolve to hold it through his next class instead of risking a confrontation. And, every time, Avery would wriggle and stare at the clock as he waited for the bell. Avery thought about the two times Liam had physically harmed him when all he’d wanted to do was relieve his aching bladder. Liam DID deserve to have to endure a bit of pressure and fullness right now…

But, Avery couldn’t really take that much delight in it. He couldn’t snicker or think to himself how funny it would be if Liam ended up not making it. He couldn’t hope that there would be NO stops along this journey or that they’d hit traffic so that Liam would be forced to wait as long as possible. He couldn’t wish for something to delay Liam from reaching a toilet.

Because, anything that would delay Liam from getting to a restroom right now would also delay Avery. And, as Avery began to bounce a knee, he thought that a delay was not something he really needed at the moment. His need had grown quite a bit in intensity after he’d noticed it and had started to focus his mind on it. He knew that was the absolute worst thing he should be doing. He didn’t know when his next toilet break would be, he should NOT be thinking so much about peeing. He was only going to make himself need that break a lot worse if he did that.

But, he couldn’t exactly help it. It was hard NOT to think about pee when he could feel a whole of it pushing hard against his sphincter. It was hard NOT to think about pee when every little bump in the road made the pee inside him slosh and roll within his bladder… He crossed his legs at the ankles and flexed his thighs. This helped a little, but his need for a urinal was still impossible to ignore.

He took his gaze away from Liam’s still bouncing feet and looked out the window. The street outside continued to zoom by, so at least there wasn’t any traffic. He didn’t see any gas stations out there at the moment, though… And he didn’t know if the bus was ever going to stop at one, anyway.

Avery nibbled on his lip. He wished he could just have some sort of time estimate for how long it was going to be until he got relief. If he knew he’d be peeing in half an hour, then he wouldn’t have a reason to worry. He could probably make it another full hour before it got all THAT bad… But there were at least TWO hours left in the drive, and he knew that if he had to make it through all that time without any opportunity to drain his bladder out, he’d be in trouble.

He started to fiddle with the brim of his hat. The last time he’d peed had been right after he’d woken up that morning. He really should have gone again at school before he’d gotten on the bus just in case. He’d tried to, actually. But… he’d seen Liam go into the restroom. Avery had even tried to do the smart thing and go use the bathroom in the principal’s office, he’d already been told he could use it whenever he had to go, after all. Except, when he turned to head that way they were already telling people to start getting on the bus, and Avery hadn’t wanted to make everyone wait while he ran to the other end of the school for a quick pee!

Now, as he sat in his seat and tried very, very hard not to think about urinating, he knew he’d made the wrong choice in not just going for it.

Lydia, whom had been talking to Brad, turned around to face Avery. He saw now that her legs were crossed a bit as well. It looked… Mostly casual, but he wasn’t sure… “Avery?” she asked. “Are you okay? You look pale.”

Avery tugged at his hat and whispered to her, “Um… Do you know if we’re going to stop anywhere? I… Uh… Kind of need to… You know…” He knew he must have been blushing.

Lydia shook her head, frowning. “I don’t think so, not unless we end up needing gas…” One of her knees started to bounce, and that definitely WASN’T casual. She had to go too, he was sure of it.

It probably made him an awful person and friend, but knowing she was in the same boat as him actually made Avery feel a little better. “Do you know how much further?” he whispered back.

“A—A while,” Lydia said. “I think we’re halfway there now?” Her legs uncoiled from each other, only for her to quickly tie them back together in the other direction. There was sweat on her brow, and that alarmed Avery a little. Lydia was so tough and strong… She must have been really uncomfortable!

That… Honestly made Avery feel a little protective. Lydia had helped him out of tight spots with his bladder lots of times, as embarrassing as all those incidents may have been. He wanted to help her, too. The fact that doing so would also get HIM to a toilet quicker was a nice bonus, of course.

Avery didn’t want to go up front and request a stop. He’d probably be told ‘no’ anyway. At his old school, whenever they took long field trips like this, if a student got desperate and asked for the bus driver to find a gas station, the answer was always ‘no’.

But, maybe if someone who the bus driver saw as more of an ‘equal’ asked… Avery leaned over Lydia, fighting not to whimper as the waistband of his jeans compressed hard against his bladder. It felt like he was being squeezed by a boa constrictor, and his hips shimmied needfully. “Unc—Uncle Brad?” he said.

Uncle Brad turned to him. Avery saw that he was actually a little tense, too.. Brad’s nails were digging into the material of the seat, holding tight. “Yes, Avery?” he asked.

“I… Um… I need to ‘go’,” Avery said. “Could you ask them to stop, please?”

“Sure thing,” Uncle Brad said, and when he stood his legs shook, like he was attempting to walk during an earthquake. Judging by the way his eyes widened and his cheeks puffed up as he blew out a pained gust of air, Avery didn’t think his unsteadiness had much to do with being onboard a moving vehicle.

“Mmh,” Lydia made a low, nervous sound as her legs bounced. She crossed her arms over her chest, each hand holding the opposite arm in a vice grip. “I really hope they stop…”

Liam’s head poked out over the seat in front of them. Avery had never seen it so pink and flushed before… He’d never seen the guy so sweaty, either. “Oh, are they stopping?” he asked.

“M—My uncle’s asking them to,” Avery said quietly. He hated that, by helping Lydia and himself out, he was also inadvertently helping Liam. Liam didn’t deserve to be helped, by anyone.

As if to confirm Avery’s low opinion of him, Liam pretended as if Avery hadn’t spoken. “Lydia? Are they gonna stop?”

“His uncle’s asking,” Lydia said, and Avery was grateful for the edge in her voice. The sharp, warning tone that Avery could never manage to find in himself.

“Oh, thank God…” Liam said. “I’m DYING to stretch my legs.”

Avery snorted then, and winced when it sent a pang of need through his bladder, but he couldn’t help it.

“The Hell are you laughing at?” Liam asked, seemingly not noticing the way he was bouncing up and down in his seat now. “I’d watch it if I was you, your little bodyguards aren’t gonna be around you forever.”

Any humor Avery saw in Liam’s squirming and denials of his blatantly obvious need evaporated like water on a hot skillet. He shrank back, returned to staring out the window. His heart thundered at Liam’s threat, each beat of it bouncing against his still-filling bladder. His legs moved as if he was peddling a bicycle.

“Liam, what is your problem?” Lydia asked.

“Oh, naturally the freak needs a girl to fight her battles,” Liam said. “… You ARE a girl, right? A real one?”

“As opposed to what? A doll?”

“I’m just saying, girls don’t usually have fucking biceps like that,” Liam said. “If it wasn’t for your tits being so huge, I’d swear you were— Oh, speaking of those, you should really uncross your arms. You’re blocking the view.”

There was heat inside of Avery now. It was a somewhat unfamiliar feeling to him. Sometimes he thought that there was something wrong with him, like when God was giving everyone their emotions He somehow messed up when it came time to give Avery ‘anger’. Avery would experience things that he knew SHOULD have made him angry at someone else, but instead all of that rage would turn instantly on himself. It was like he just COULDN’T get angry at other people, like whatever switch in his brain was supposed to activate that had been torn out and broken.

But, now he felt it. He felt that same simmering hatred and revulsion that he often felt for himself when someone had bullied him or he’d relived one of his experiences from that awful ‘therapy’ center. Only now it wasn’t himself that he hated. It wasn’t himself that he was disgusted by. It was Liam. “Liam, shut the fuck up! The only freak here is you!”

Lydia, whom had been partway out of her seat to shout at Liam herself, froze. Her hips even paused in their desperate twitching. She stared at Avery. Avery NEVER yelled, and he rarely cursed… This was a good thing, though. This should be encouraged.

Liam’s face turned stoney. “Watch your back,” he warned.

“Liam,” Avery heard Ron say quietly. “Just let it go…”

Liam turned back around, sat back down in his seat, and began a heated, whispered argument with his friend.

Avery’s stomach knotted and twisted over on itself, and his bladder along with it. An incredibly violent spasm tore through his core and he moaned as he tensed his thighs up over and over again. He’d been so angry he’d forgotten about his bladder, but his bladder sure hadn’t forgotten about him. He shouldn’t have done that, he shouldn’t have yelled. He was so scared now, and his ‘urge’ to use the restroom was quickly becoming a very intense ‘need’. Not even watching as his bully’s feet tapped around in all directions and crossed over each other could make Avery feel better.

He hoped Uncle Brad had convinced the driver to stop. And he knew that, if the stop DID come, Avery would be clinging to his uncle the whole time.

Uncle Brad came back, and Avery could tell immediately by the nervous look on his face that a stop was NOT coming. “I—I’m sorry, Avery,” Brad said. “They told me we have a tight schedule since they want to make it in time for the reservation where they’re taking you for dinner. But, they promised that everyone will be able to use the restroom first thing once we’re at the hotel.”

Avery nodded miserably. “H—How much further?”

“About an hour and a half,” Brad said apologetically. “I’m very sorry.” He began to bounce a knee. “If it makes you feel any better, I need to go pretty bad myself.”

It did make Avery feel better, just not for the reason Brad thought. If Brad was dying to piss too, that meant he’d definitely accompany Avery into the restroom to keep him safe, and he wouldn’t just be standing there off to the side and doing nothing. It wouldn’t look weird. It wouldn’t be obvious he was just Avery’s ‘little bodyguard’ as Liam had put it.

It was going to be okay. They’d get to the hotel, and find the men’s room in the lobby as fast as possible. Avery would rush in with his uncle. Avery was going to have to use the urinal right next to Brad's, and remain stuck to him like glue as they washed their hands. It would be the only way he’d feel safe in there now that Liam was so furious…

It was going to be okay. Uncle Brad would protect Avery, and Avery would get to pee. Yeah, Avery was going to get to pee in just about ninety minutes. Avery was going to get to pee and it was going to feel so good. He’d be able to let all this nauseating pressure go. He’d be able to let it all dissipate and flood from him. He’d be able to relax, if only for a couple minutes, as his bladder loosened and sprayed out its heavy burden…

Hss—!

Avery’s daydream was just a little too vivid, and he felt something squirt between his legs. The panicky, wild pounding of his heart ramped up again and he strained against the cushion he was seated on. His legs bounced faster and faster, jostling the entire seat. He didn’t realize how much he was jiggling until he heard Lydia groan.

He looked at her, his eyes flicked down to her lap where her hands were now tucked between her legs. Immediately he looked away and up at her face, blushing. “Pl—Please, don’t bounce me around like that now…” she moaned.

“I—I’m sorry,” Avery said. He hadn’t meant to do that. He just had to go so badly that he couldn’t keep still! He was doing his best not to thrash so violently, but the pulses from within his bladder were absolutely relentless. His bladder was practically BEGGING him to get squirming again. ‘Please, please?’ it seemed to whine. ‘Please? That was helping so much!’

He eventually drew his legs up onto the seat with him and tucked his feet underneath himself, trying to sit on them in such a way that they plugged up his opening. Then, he began to simply rock. Very, very slightly… This was working, some of the horrific, ear-piercing wails of his bladder were quieting down now. He lowered his voice and miserably said, “I have got to go so bad…”

“I know…” Lydia whimpered in response. “I don’t care if we’re late to dinner… I just want a bathroom…” Even if making a pit stop caused them to be so late for their reservation that they couldn’t eat at all, she would gladly skip a meal if it meant she could just… Just sit down on a toilet and RELAX for a minute. She couldn’t stop fantasizing about long rows of restroom stalls, of how sweet it would be to hear the scraping sound as she drew the lock into place, of how quickly she’d tear her pants down, of how her pee would blast out of her as soon as she’d made contact with the seat…

And, because she couldn’t stop thinking about that, she couldn’t stop letting out little drips of pee into her clothes, either. She wanted to tell Avery’s uncle to please go ask AGAIN and explain it was an emergency, but when she turned to look at him she knew that whatever they’d said to him had made it clear there was no room to negotiate.

Because, if Brad believed that there was a chance he could convince the driver to stop, he would definitely be up there RIGHT now doing exactly that. She remembered how surprising it had been that day in the elevator with Avery, to see someone her own age so clearly on the verge of an accident. But, it was even MORE surprising to see someone that was MUCH older than her gripping themselves, crossing their legs, and struggling to breathe as they fought not to pee in their pants.

“M—Mister…” Lydia began. She was never quite sure what to call Brad. She knew ‘Mister Reynolds’ made Avery think too much of his dad, whom was someone he didn’t like thinking about at all. But it felt strange to call him by his first name, too. “Um… Are you alright?”

“I’m not, honestly,” Brad said. Lydia liked Brad, it was interesting how he and Avery were opposites in a lot of ways. Brad never hid anything, he was an open book, and very laid back a lot of the time. He was not a bundle of nerves, painful secrets and hidden fears like Avery was. “I… Don’t think I’ve had to go this bad since my partying days in college… Sorry if…” He tried to gesture to himself, but both hands were glued firmly to his crotch. “Sorry if I look… Weird right now. I promise, I can’t help it.”

“It’s… Okay,” Lydia managed. “Let’s try and distract ourselves, maybe?”

Avery groaned and tipped his head back. He didn’t think ANYTHING could distract him anymore. “Please say we’re almost there…”

“I think we are,” his uncle tried to assure him. “H—Hang in there, I know it’s… It’s not easy.”

Avery, at last no longer able to stop himself, wedged his hands right between his legs. He was sure he looked ridiculous now, sitting on his feet, curled over, hands straining against his crotch… But, if he didn’t do those things, he would surely end up looking a lot MORE ridiculous when his pee burst forth from his bladder and ran in long, hissing rivulets down his legs. He bounced once, then three more times very, very rapidly. His eyes flicked down for a second and he no longer saw Liam’s feet. He wondered if maybe his bully was in a similar position to his own now…

As if on cue he heard a loud groan from up ahead. “God, this is bullshit!” Liam declared. “Ron, do you have a bottle?”

Avery went suddenly rigid. No. Please. God, no. If Liam managed to find a container to piss into here, it would… It would hiss and splatter, and Avery would hear every last drop of it while he just had to keep holding, and… And he’d burst! If he had to listen to Liam piss here he would completely explode and flood the seat, he couldn’t handle it, he couldn’t, he couldn’t—

“Sorry, man,” he heard Ron say.

Avery breathed a small puff of air through his nose. It would have actually been classed as a sigh of relief had he not still been holding back half his own body weight in piss.

“The Hell am I gonna do, then?” Liam asked, as if it was somehow Ron’s fault that he needed a bathroom so badly and the bus wouldn’t stop. As if Ron should have anticipated this and just KNOWN to bring along an empty bottle.

“I don’t know,” Ron said, annoyance in his voice. “But, seriously, if I HAD a bottle, I’D be the one using it.”

“The Hell you would,” Liam replied irritably.

Avery tried to take solace in the knowledge that Liam was no doubt beginning to freak out by now. Liam must have been feeling a lot of pain, just like he was. Liam must have been really, really struggling to hold back his flood. Avery tried to be happy about that, tried to remind himself that taking joy in Liam’s suffering did not make him a bad person. Liam deserved this, after all. And it was only natural.

Yeah. A person being happy when someone they hated had something bad happen to them was normal. There was even a word for that. Avery had learned it in German class. What was it? Oh, right. ‘Schadenfreude’, being happy with another’s misfortune. What were some other German words Avery knew?

Avery tried to recite them all to himself, tried to fill his brain with something other than piss. It worked for a while, focusing his mind on something that required his concentration helped put his incredibly dire need for the toilet on the back burner for a bit. But, then he remembered the word ‘Pinkeln’, and his concentration shattered after that. He was unable to piece it back together, either. He’d thought about peeing again, and now he absolutely could not STOP thinking about peeing.

He thought about peeing into toilets, he thought about peeing into urinals. He thought about peeing on a bush, he thought about peeing all over a bed of flowers. He thought about peeing against trees and walls, he thought about peeing into bottles. He thought about jumping out the window and just peeing on the side of the road. Most of all, though, he thought about peeing in his pants, because he felt PAINFULLY close to doing exactly that.

“Lydia…” Avery grunted out, unsure of what he wanted to say to her, unsure of what he wanted her to do. Just… She was his friend, and friends helped each other, and he needed help REALLY bad right now. “Lydia…” he repeated, and it was like her name was becoming synonymous with ‘I’m about to wet myself!’

Lydia had already been watching him. She wasn’t sure who here was the most desperate. She felt like her own bladder was beginning to tear apart, like even the loose fit of her sweat pants was too tight for its bloated form. Brad was doubled over on himself and scissoring his legs back and forth. Avery had pretty much been in a fetal position for a while… “Are… Are you…”

“I’m not okay,” Avery interrupted. “I think I’m going to have an accident.”

Lydia winced. If Avery flooded himself, if she heard his pee gush and spill out of him, her own bladder was sure to follow. “Y—You can do it,” she tried to encourage him. “I’ve seen you hold longer than this before.”

Avery knew she was right. He had held it MUCH longer than this before, and he’d MADE it. But, this time he also had to deal with the literally torturous bumps in the road and the way they all made his bladder lurch and spasm and squeeze in on itself. “Please, just tell me we’re close…”

Brad slowly drew himself out of his hunched pose. It hurt greatly, he could actually feel the way his skin pulled itself taut against the straining boulder of his well-past-full bladder. He looked past Avery out the window. “W—We are close,” he said, more than a hint of relief in his own voice. “We’re very close.”

Avery hoped his uncle was telling the truth, that he wasn’t just trying to placate Avery to make him feel better. ‘Mind over matter’ really couldn’t work for him anymore. Convincing his brain that he was close to a bathroom would make no difference to his bladder unless it was actually true. His bladder was full. Beyond full, really. And unless he had SOMEWHERE to drain it in the next half hour, it would burst.

Avery breathed a little more easily when the bus started to coil back and forth through several streets. No longer moving straight down a highway. That had to mean they were close to the hotel, right?

He was right. Before long, they’d pulled up to a hotel, and Avery could have cried with relief. He was going to make it! He was actually going to make it!

One of the teachers stood up, and said that everyone was to exit the bus back to front, and this was more good news to Avery. He was going to be one of the first ones off, one of the first ones to FINALLY get to a toilet. He and Lydia actually had to kind of help each other stand up. Their legs had fallen asleep after hours of tension and staying in one place, and the sudden shift in gravity made both of their bladders ache and roll.

Brad gently got to his feet and followed them, he made himself pause beside the teacher. Pause was, perhaps, not the right word. Because Brad absolutely could not stand still. He hopped frantically from foot to foot, and his hands were shoved into his pocket as he held onto himself in a way he hoped was at least a little discreet. He whispered; “I’ve got to take my nephew to the restroom right away, is that okay? He’s having an emergency.”

The teacher looked at Brad. Brad knew she could tell Avery was not the only one of them that was having an emergency right now. “That’s fine,” she said. “So long as you keep track of him and Lydia.”

“Thank you,” Brad managed to rush out before hurrying off the bus. Avery and Lydia hobbled after him, and the next few minutes passed in a blur. They got through the doors of the hotel and into the lobby. Then, stood there desperately squirming until Brad saw the signs for the restrooms and they tore off in that direction.

Lydia ripped open the door to the women’s room and dove into the closest stall. Her bladder shrieked with wild frenzy and her holding muscles crumpled and withered at the sight of the toilet, making her leak in earnest. She shoved one hand back between her legs and used the other to lock the stall, noisily clattering the metal thing into place, just as she’d fantasized about doing. Then, just as in her daydream, she yanked her pants down. But, unlike in her earlier imaginings, she did not start peeing the second she’d sat down. She started peeing a couple seconds before then, a gush hitting the seat as she threw herself onto it.

But, she didn’t care. It hadn’t landed in her pants, at least. And, now she was on a toilet, and it was all over, and that was all that mattered. Pee hissed into the bowl below her loud enough to echo in the empty room, and her ecstatic sigh of relief bounced off the walls. “Ohhhhhh….!”

Then, she heard the door to the room opening and some of her classmates beginning to rush in. Stalls banged open and shut, and some groaned as they realized they now had to wait in line. Lydia made herself go quiet as she felt heat filling her cheeks. She sure hoped none of them had heard her making that noise…

Meanwhile, Avery and Brad hurried into the men’s room. Avery had started to unzip his pants before the door had even swung shut behind them, and… God, he’d never been so happy to see a row of three urinals before… Brad rushed to one of them and Avery heard him loudly yank down his zipper as he took the one beside him and readied himself.

Pee shot out of Avery and slammed into the porcelain urinal. He started to shiver. “Hff… Hfff…” he panted, blinking rapidly. He hadn’t even noticed he’d begun to tear up until now… His vision cleared and it was almost like he’d needed a moment to visually confirm that this was actually finally happening. He was peeing, and not into his pants. And… God, that felt good…

The euphoria of Brad’s release managed to rip a low moan from his throat. “Ahhhh…” He hadn’t come that close to an accident in a very, very long time. He’d actually been starting to get pretty worried there… When some of the fogginess of his desperation cleared, he noticed that Avery had chosen to go RIGHT beside him. He wondered if he needed to let Avery know some of the unspoken rules about men’s rooms, like not taking the urinal right next to someone else unless it was the only one open and he couldn’t wait. That was going to be a… kind of unusual conversation But, he supposed it made sense that Avery didn’t know about that. Hopefully he hadn’t done it too often, though.

Avery was so overwhelmed by his relief that he forgot to lean forward to help his STP drain out until he felt a little bit of unwanted warmth building up over his thighs and beginning to move down his leg. Quickly, he clenched his muscles a bit and winced as he slowed his stream down. Then, he tilted forward and let everything flow through the funnel before he let his muscles go totally slack once more.

The weird thing was that calculating how fast he could pee and how far he had to lean over was… Actually kind of fun. He liked being so skilled with his prosthetic now that he could easily figure out how to manage the flow. It made him feel good. Even when he had to make himself stop or slow down midstream to adjust something, he didn’t mind it TOO much.

He was still waiting for the day when being able to watch as his pee arced out and struck whatever he was aiming at would begin to feel more mundane. But, he was starting to think that that day wasn’t ever actually going to come. He was always going to think that this was fun, that this was validating. This was always going to make him feel really, really good.

Especially when he’d been holding it in for so, so long and letting it out felt this amazing…

The door banged open and some of Avery’s classmates began to hurry in. His back stiffened. He’d been hoping he’d finish up before anyone he went to school with came in here. The thing was, other than Uncle Brad and Lydia, he had never stood to pee in front of someone that knew he was trans. Most of his classmates were aware of that fact, and so would assume that Avery couldn’t pee into a urinal, especially not without pulling his jeans all the way down. He preferred to use the bathroom at school when it was empty of other people, or at least when the only person there was someone he was unfamiliar with. If there was someone who knew him in there and he couldn’t wait, he’d go into a stall instead so that he’d have a door for privacy.

Avery tried to go faster, but he was nervous now so he couldn’t manage it. He still really had to go, but his stream was slowing to a dismal trickle that told him he was gonna be there for a while.

Stalls began to lock and others began to unzip at urinals, and nobody was saying anything to Avery. At least not yet. No questions. No peaking. Everyone was only paying attention to themselves. That was good. Avery still couldn’t get his stream to resume its forceful rush. The room was packed now, every urinal and stall occupied, and— And he realized Uncle Brad had finished and wasn’t next to him anymore!

What if Liam came in before he was finished? What if Liam did something and no one was there to protect him!? Avery had to hurry, he had to—

“C—Come the fuck on.”

He heard Liam’s awful voice. The sneer was gone, replaced by a wavering neediness. Clearly, Liam was still desperate to do what Avery was trying to finish doing. Avery’s body went tenser as he realized that Liam was right behind him.

“Avery, seriously. I’m not waiting so some little girl can stand at a urinal and play pretend.”

Avery’s bladder cramped, and now he wasn’t even trickling anymore. He still felt so much pee inside his body, but he couldn’t make it come out. His heart began to race for the third time today. He knew what this was, he knew that he was no experiencing a bit of ‘stage fright’. His brain was too nervous for his bladder to relax. This had only happened a couple times, and Avery HATED it!

The first time he’d gone to Uncle Brad about it, complained that he hadn’t been able to finish his pee because some guy came in and started yelling into his phone about taxes or something. Uncle Brad had told him it was normal, and he’d said “You know, I think getting a shy bladder is actually more common in men than in women.” Avery was sure he’d said that to make him feel better, or to make him laugh or something, but Avery hadn’t been in a laughing mood.

Brad had also told him that breath holding could sometimes help get the stream started if his bladder was giving him trouble. He tried that, he inhaled deep.

He heard Liam shuffling behind him. “Move. You don’t even—“

“Let me finish!” Avery squeaked. “Please? I still have to go!”

“God,” Liam said, and Avery heard real urgency overtaking his usual bluster. “How long are you gonna keep playing this shit? How long are you gonna keep pretending to be something you’re not?”

Avery wasn’t pretending to be anything. He was a guy that STILL needed to pee REAL bad, and was being harassed so much that he couldn’t finish. “Get AWAY from me!”

Liam was a lot taller than Avery, so when he got closer to him and tilted his head down, he was able to clearly see— “The fuck is THAT?”

“Leave me ALONE!” Avery shouted. He imagined what it would be like if Liam had done that to ANY other guy in here. If he’d gone right up behind them and started staring at their dick!? And he’d had the audacity to tell the principal that Avery had been sneaking peaks in the restroom!? “You’re just being a moron!” This was asinine! The other two urinals had opened up for a second while Liam was still tormenting him. And instead of just using one of those he’d continued to bother Avery while others took them.

Liam was stupid. He was just stupid. He was a stupid, dumb, idiot and he was unworthy of Avery’s time. He was unworthy of Avery’s emotions. He was unworthy of Avery paying him even the slightest bit of attention. He was unworthy of Avery EVER thinking about him beyond ‘Oh, there’s that asshole again!’

Hssssssssss…

“Ahhhhhhh….” Avery’s eyes drifted shut as his stream finally resumed. His irritated bladder, angry at its relief being halted for so long, felt as though it were being massaged. This felt so good… So relaxing… So freeing… So, so much better… Twenty ton weights were being removed from Avery’s shoulders piece by piece and it was just… So, wonderfully good. He pushed down on his muscles, let his pee really spray, hissing and splattering.

Wow, it was REALLY hissing this time, and splashing… It was almost like it was echoing or someth—

“Ah—!” he heard the voice behind him gasp. “Nah— No… Stop—“

Avery went looser and looser, and then his bladder was finally empty… He zipped himself up and turned around to see Liam standing there, holding himself, doubled over, and with a rapidly expanding dark spot forming beneath his clenched hands. Avery stared at him for a moment. He wanted to laugh, but Liam wasn’t even really worth that, was he?

He really was just a stupid, dumb idiot. A stupid, dumb idiot that had gone and pissed his pants because bullying Avery and trying to make him feel small and lesser had been more important to him than using a toilet as soon as it had become available.

Avery said nothing as Liam continued drenching himself, creating a large puddle on the tile floor. For a moment, Avery thought he’d finally finished, but then another huge gush burst out of him. Liam clearly had a pretty big bladder, but that surely just made the humiliation of breaking it open even worse. He was totally soaked by the time he’d finally stopped.

Only then did Avery say something, “Well, that was pretty stupid, wasn’t it?” Avery knew he was really pushing his luck, and that once Liam’s shock at being an eighteen year old standing in pissed pants right in front of a row of urinals had worn off, there was definitely going to be some sort of retribution. No doubt, Liam blamed him for this.

Avery quickly doused some water onto his hands at the sink and got out of there. He met back up with Uncle Brad and Lydia, and was happy to see that Lydia had made it in time as well. His class converged in the lobby and his teachers read off who would be staying with which chaperone in which room. Avery would be with his uncle, of course, and a guy he didn’t know too well. He wasn’t sure if he should be worried or not.

Uncle Brad said he wanted to take the stairs rather than the elevator and asked Avery to come with him. Avery was confused, it was going to be a long walk… But, he was going to feel a lot safer with his uncle than he would without him. Avery didn’t know what Liam was going to do now, but he knew it was probably going to involve targeting him.

“Avery,” Uncle Brad began when they were alone in the stairwell. “You don’t… Normally pee right next to people unless you just HAVE to, do you?”

Avery shook his head, “No,” he said. “I know lots of guys get uncomfortable with that. I don’t like having someone right beside me, either. I only did that earlier because Liam kinda threatened me and so I was scared to go into the restroom, so I—“

Brad felt bad now. He’d left the restroom as soon as he’d finished. He hadn’t known Avery was frightened and wanted a protector… “Did Liam do anything?”

“Yeah,” Avery said. “He yelled at me and called me a bunch of stuff, then he… He looked over my shoulder while I was trying to finish going and—“

“He… Tried to look at what’s in your pants?” Brad asked.

“Y—Yeah,” Avery said. “He… Looked at my… He looked at my junk, and was like ‘The fuck is that?’, and I got really angry, and then he—“

“Avery, you know what that is? That’s sexual harassment.”

“What?” Avery asked. It had sure made him feel extremely uncomfortable and violated, but it wasn’t as bad as all that, right? When he heard the term ‘sexual harassment’, his first thought was of a creepy old guy groping his young secretary. Liam hadn’t touched him, he’d just looked and said things.

“It is,” Brad said. “If he’d gone in there, looked at anyone else’s genitals and made comments about them, that would be harassment. It’s not different just because you’re trans.”

Avery nodded, it had always FELT like it was a real part of him, and being stared at there had made him feel absolutely disgusting…

“You don’t have to let anyone look at you there if you don’t want them to, it’s your body. All of it is,” Brad said. “Next time I see one of your teachers, I’m going to let them know about this. It has to stop.”

“But— But Liam is already really mad at me,” Avery blurted out. “He had an accident because he was so busy picking on me, and I know he probably blames me. If he gets in trouble, he’s going to be even—“

“He NEEDS to get in trouble,” Brad said. “If all he gets after this is some kind of punishment from the school then he should consider himself lucky. He didn’t… He didn’t touch you in there, did he?”

Avery shook his head.

“Okay, good,” Brad said. “If he’d done that I’d be kicking his ass now. I’ve had it. If this boy ever lays a hand on you again, I— I don’t even know.” He sighed. “You… Feeling okay?”

“Y—Yeah,” Avery said. “I think so. I don’t have to pee anymore, at least. That’s pretty nice.”

“Heh…”

