STP

Author: secretomoact

*020*2022-11-27 23:45

Written for the Omovember prompt "Dressed As The Opposite Sex".

This one is dark. Warnings for conversion therapy, transphobia, deadnaming, abuse, and self-harm.

***

The isolation room was the second worst place in the conversion therapy center. Second worst only because nothing could ever outdo the shock chair. In the isolation room, Avery was forced to lay facedown on a dirty, ice-cold concrete floor twenty-four hours a day, save for a few brief respites.

Every twelve hours, one of his ‘therapists’ would silently escort him to the restroom, then Avery would be allowed to sit on the toilet for no longer than two minutes and do whatever he needed to do. He would not be permitted to shut the door, but the ‘therapist’ would face away from him. When this was first explained to him, it was in a tone that suggested he should feel grateful that they weren’t going to full-on stare at him the entire time he relieved himself.

After the toilet break, he would be sat down at a vacant table and given a tray. The tray always held the same things; half of a peeled orange and a thin slice of cheese wedged between two slices of bread. This would be all of the food he received each day that he was in isolation— Which was only slightly less than he got normally at this center. His stomach clawed at him nonstop, he’d never been so hungry before in his life.

They’d give him water during his ‘meals’ as well, a big bottle of it. Avery would always drink it all just to try and make his stomach feel less empty. He’d always regret it.

If Avery spoke at any point during his time outside the isolation room, he would be sent right back inside. If he hadn’t peed or eaten yet before breaking the silence rule, he would have to wait until his next break for another chance to do those things.

This hadn’t been explained to him the very first time he’d been placed in isolation. The door had opened, a woman gestured for him to stand up and come outside. Avery, whom had been wriggling desperately for the last two hours, eagerly struggled to his feet. He naively assumed his punishment was over and begged for the bathroom straight away. “May I please, please use the toilet now, please? I really need to go!”

The woman had then shaken her head and ordered him to lay back down on the ground. “You aren’t supposed to speak when you’re in isolation,” she informed briskly. “Clearly you need more time before we give you a break.”

Avery’s eyes had welled up then as he heard the door slam shut and lock. Soon enough, he’d made a puddle on the floor, and was forced to lay in it for the next twelve hours as his empty stomach pleaded for food. He stayed quiet the next time the door was opened, and this time the woman sneered at him “Once your punishment is over, you’re cleaning this whole room from top to bottom. Look at yourself, Brittney. You’re disgusting.”

Somehow, being called ‘Brittney’ hurt a billion times worse than being called ‘disgusting’.

Avery had felt incredibly disgusting, following after the woman to the restroom that he was once more desperate to use, his damp underwear coldly clinging to him. He’d sat himself on the toilet and released his poor bladder, sniffling and fighting not to cry.

He was then given his food, which he finished in under a minute. Then the water, which ensured he’d be dying to pee yet again soon enough. To his dismay, he was not given a change of clothes, just placed back into the empty room still wearing his soaked, sticky ones. He didn’t care that he’d pissed all over the ugly-ass dress he was being forced to wear, but he DID care that he was being forced to continue stewing in his own waste.

Avery’s first stint in isolation lasted for a week. He wasn’t allowed clean clothes until he was finally released, and he certainly wasn’t allowed to wash himself until then either. He wet himself a few more times over the course of those days, too. Twelve hours was just too long for him, and sometimes they’d ‘forget’ that it was his break time and leave him in even longer. By the end of it, he reeked of urine and sweat, his eyes were sunken in, his face was pale, and he’d lost five pounds.

After his first stint in isolation, Avery tried his best not to get sent back in. The problem was, he could be sent to isolation for anything.

Sometimes, the ‘therapists’ asked Avery lots of questions about why he’d ‘chosen’ to do something that hurt his parents and would damn him to Hell. He learned very early on not to argue with them about how being trans hadn’t been a choice that he’d made, but none of the other answers he came up with were ever satisfactory either. Saying “It was wrong of me, I will try harder to stop being this way,” which was what he’d been SURE they’d wanted to hear, still got him slapped and called names. He tried throwing out line after line, hoping he’d hit upon something that made them stop, but it never did. Before long, they’d grown fed up with it and tossed him back into isolation for the next week.

Another time, Avery had woken up in his bed in the middle of the night and just begun uncontrollably sobbing. He didn’t even really know why. But, crying and making noise in the night wasn’t allowed in the therapy center, so he was dragged from his bed and into the isolation room still wearing the stupid, frilly nightgown they’d given him.

What had gotten him sent to isolation this time was ‘fighting’. But, Avery wasn’t sure if that was the right word for what he’d done. His ‘therapists’ had brought him back into the room where the shock chair was and he’d just… Broken down at the sight of it. He couldn’t fully remember what all had happened, just that he’d screamed enough that now his throat ached, and that it had ended with him being held down by two of the buffer ‘therapists’ before being dragged to isolation.

He laid on the floor now like he was supposed to, his body shaking so hard it was vibrating against the cold ground. He could hardly breathe; shortness of breath had become a common thing for him lately. Sometimes he’d just start hyperventilating at complete random. It was like an asthma attack, except Avery didn’t have asthma…

Tears were going down his face, but he cried so often now that he barely noticed them. He knew the point of isolation was, allegedly, for him to think long and hard about why he’d been sent to this center, and that was what he tried to do whenever he was in here. Avery had always thought his parents were wrong for sending him away, and that the people here were monsters. But, the longer he endured the ‘treatment’, the more convinced he became that HE was the real monster, that he really did have to be fixed.

When these thoughts creeped in, Avery tried to shut them out. He hadn’t done anything wrong. All he wanted was to be himself. Wasn’t that what everyone wanted? He stared at the blank wall in front of him, eyes darting from it to all the others, and to the heavy, locked metal door. He was trapped in this room, but even after someone came and released him, he’d still be just as trapped. There was no escape from this place. None at all. The door that led outside was secured with a special code that only the ‘therapists’ knew. Avery hadn’t been outdoors since the day he’d arrived here. He hadn’t felt the sun in so long.

There weren’t many windows in this building, but from what Avery could see, it looked like this place was located in a forest. Even if he managed to guess the code and run outside, he’d just get lost in an unfamiliar place, no doubt found by one of his jailers before long. He didn’t even want to think about what his punishment would be after that.

Avery felt like he’d been here for half his life, though he knew that couldn’t have been true. He had no idea when he’d be released. Or even IF he would be released. He’d asked a few times how long he had until he could go home, but he’d never gotten an answer. For all he knew, he would be spending the rest of his life here.

More tears. There was nothing Avery had to look forward to anymore, every day was going to be the same. Painful, humiliating, and filled with people hellbent on destroying him. He already felt destroyed. He had no love for himself anymore, only hatred. He had no love for anyone else, either. His parents had done this to him, the people he’d thought would always take care of him. How could he ever trust another person now?

There was only one person Avery still had any confidence in; His Uncle Brad who lived in New York City. He’d been emailing Brad a lot up until his parents had him shipped off here. Avery had had no idea he was being sent away and so hadn’t mentioned it in his emails. Uncle Brad might have been worried about him when the correspondence suddenly stopped, especially since so many of the previous messages had been about how scared Avery had been of his parents since he’d come out to them. Uncle Brad must have had some idea that something bad had happened.

Sometimes, in isolation, Avery would fantasize to himself about Brad somehow learning where he was and coming to free him. Brad would hold him close then and promise to never let anyone hurt him ever again. Brad would say the same things he’d said in the emails ‘You can be whoever you want, Avery. No one gets to decide that for you.’ Brad would take him away from here, and buy him a really big dinner, so Avery could stuff himself until he finally felt full instead of listless and empty. Brad would let him sleep in a nice, warm bed that felt safe. Brad would let Avery cry, and wouldn’t beat him or lock him up for it.

Sometimes, Avery would imagine these things so intensely that he’d manage to convince himself they were real, only for something to bring him back to the reality that he was just laying on the cold, hard floor, awaiting his next punishment.

The thing that brought him back to the reality of his situation today was something that had done it many times in the past; His bladder. It was really starting to fill up. For a bit, he tried to distract himself with more fantasies of freedom, but before long all of his pretend scenarios involved Uncle Brad breaking him out of here and rushing him very, VERY quickly to a toilet before doing anything else.

He wriggled his hips, cringing at the way the ruffles in his dress felt against them. He didn’t think he’d ever get used to that. If they HAD to force him to wear a dress, why did it have to be such a hideous, frilly one? Even most of the girls he knew back home didn’t wear ridiculous crap like this… He understood the clothing was just one more punishment they’d chosen to inflict on him, but he had to wonder if they honestly thought it was going to accomplish anything; If they seriously believed that by stuffing him into over-the-top girly outfits they’d succeed in turning him into a girl.

Avery didn’t know if his ‘therapists’ seriously believed any of their methods would actually change a person. Being subjected to physical pain over and over again wasn’t going to cause some massive, cosmic change in who a person was, it was just going to hurt them. Avery suspected that ‘hurting people’ was really the only actual goal the ‘therapists’ had here. They probably knew they weren’t ‘curing’ anybody, they just liked to make them suffer.

Laying on top of his stomach for long stretches of time always made Avery’s body start to ache and fill with pins and needles. It was worse when his bladder was throbbing; so much of his weight ended up pressing down against it, mashing the organ between his body and the concrete below him.

Avery rolled over onto his side instead, trying to give his bladder more space. He was going to have to keep an ear out for the door beginning to open. If they found him not laying in the proper position, he’d be denied his toilet break and food. For whatever reason, turning over and finding himself staring at an identical, blank white wall made his heartbeat start to ramp up. He squeezed his eyes tightly trying to block out the sight.

‘Go somewhere better,’ Avery told himself. He used to be better at doing that. He used to have an easier time mentally transporting himself away from this place. It was so hard to do that now. His memories of what laid outside this center were fading rapidly, becoming blurry and hard to see, like they belonged to someone else entirely. Avery didn’t understand why that was happening. Surely, he was way too young to be having such major memory problems.

Now, Avery focused really, really hard on remembering the last time he and his parents had visited Uncle Brad in New York. That had been a lot of fun, until something had happened that made Dad and Uncle Brad have a really huge fight. Avery wasn’t sure what had prompted that and, while he didn’t have a brother, he didn’t think that if he did he’d be able to call him the kinds of things Dad had called Uncle Brad that day…

‘Forget that part,’ Avery ordered himself. ‘Think about the good stuff.’ His bladder pulsed and he thrusted his his hands between his trembling thighs, gritting his teeth. ‘I really need to— Don’t think about that, either. Pretend that you don’t have to pee.’ He knew that was easier said than done, especially with how poorly his imagination was working right now. ‘Think about— Oh, when Uncle Brad showed you and your parents the big zoo…’

Avery focused really, really hard, trying to remember how the air had smelled that day, what the temperature had been like, how windy it had been. ‘You’re there, you’re there, you’re there…’ he chanted in his mind, and it started to actually work. He was with his uncle, who loved him and would keep him safe. He was in New York City, where there weren’t any isolation rooms or shock chairs. He was at the zoo, where there were cute animals instead of people asking him impossible questions and beating him for giving the wrong answers.

He tried to repeat that day inside his head, it had been before the big fight between Dad and Brad, but Brad had been tense anyway when he’d stood beside Avery as he’d watched a polar bear playing with a hunk of ice. Avery had been started at first when Brad leaned down really close to him. “Brittney…?” Brad had said in a low tone. Avery still hadn’t told anyone his new name yet— Or why he was going to NEED a new name. He’d been meaning to do it soon, but he was so scared…

“Hm?” Avery had asked.

“Do you… Feel safe at home?” Brad whispered. “Everything okay?”

Avery didn’t know how to answer. He didn’t feel safe at home, even though he knew he was supposed to. A few months ago, he’d looked up stuff about being trans online. His parents had found his search history, had demanded to know why he was looking at ‘that filth’, asked who was ‘grooming’ him, said a bunch of other stuff that Avery barely understood… They weren’t going to react very well whenever he finally told them, he was sure of that… “Um…” Avery winced at the sound of the polar bear dropping the ice into its pond, suddenly hit by the realization that he’d had two big cups of soda since the last time he’d peed. “I… I feel… Uh…”

“If… If there’s anything you need to tell me, you can, alright?” Brad whispered.

“I… I need to pee…” Avery answered, even though he knew that wasn’t what Brad was concerned with.

Brad grinned and laughed slightly. “Okay, let’s find you somewhere to do that, then.”

It was easy to find the toilets, but when Brad stood beside them to wait, Avery hesitated. His bladder throbbed and pulsed, protesting the delay when he was so close to relief. Public bathrooms had always made Avery feel weird. He’d check the signs over and over before opening one of the doors. Then, once he was in the women’s room, he’d have to sort of… Stare at himself in the mirror and repeat to himself that this was where he was supposed to be. Nevertheless, there was always this feeling that he was breaking a rule by being inside a girls’ bathroom. It had ALWAYS been that way, ever since he was little. It was just, now he understood WHY.

“Go ahead,” Brad said to him. “I’ll wait.”

Avery listened and entered the women’s room. He knew that holding it for much longer would get risky. And his hair was so long, because his parents insisted he keep it that way. His chest was… There. Everyone saw a girl when they looked at him.

He kept his head down as he made his way to a stall, briefly looking at his reflection as he passed the mirrors. ‘You’re not breaking a rule,’ he told himself, just as he had every time he needed to pee in public. Inside the stall, he pulled down his pants and sat. His discomfort grew when he heard two other people come in, in the midst of a conversation. The first woman was saying something about the date she was on, and Avery felt like he was intruding on her privacy.

He squirmed uncomfortably on the toilet seat when, as the ladies’ conversation continued, his bladder decided that it was time to get some major stage-fright. He heard some other stalls being locked, followed by two streams hissing into the toilets. Avery blushed hard, he’d never stop feeling like a perverted peeper in these situations… But, the trickling was enough of a taunt on his own bladder that it unclenched and allowed its contents to gush out of him. He pushed down as hard as he could, trying to finish as fast as possible. Avery could pee really, really fast when he wanted to. And when he was sitting inside a stall in a public women’s room, feeling like a major creep, he ALWAYS wanted to pee fast.

In spite of all the negative emotions, it did feel good to get all this liquid out of his body. He had needed this… He’d needed it so much… He—

In the isolation room, Avery’s eyes popped back open to the awful realization that he wasn’t on the toilet, peeing. He was on the floor, trying to HOLD it. At some point during his daydreaming, his hands had begun to squeeze between his legs. He supposed the only GOOD thing about the dress was how firmly he could dig his hands up against himself when he didn’t have pants in the way of them. ‘Oh my God…’ Avery thought miserably. ‘Fuck, I need a freaking piss…’

He tried to estimate how long he’d been in here, how much time he had left to wait until someone would bring him to the toilet and finally allow him to go. But, that was completely unpredictable. Time moved really, really strangely in Isolation, he had no idea how long it had been since his punishment began, no idea when that door may open and grant him some much needed relief.

Odds were, however long he had left to wait was a lot longer than he could actually hold it. His eyes opened once more and, just as he had many times before, he found himself staring at one corner of the room, the one furthest from where he had to lay down. Like he did every time he got stuck here, he began to fantasize about squatting in that corner and peeing. He imagined the loud, satisfying hiss as he desecrated the ground below him. He imagined how wonderful the shrinking of his bladder would feel. He imagined letting out a nice moan. He imagined pissing all over this Hellish place, drowning it in urine since that was the only tool he had to punish it with.

But, as ever, he then imagined what was sure to happen next. When that door opened, and the massive puddle he’d created was spotted right away. He would be called disgusting again. He would be hit. He would be denied food. Once his bladder re-filled, he’d be made to hold it even longer, and God help him if he used the corner again or peed in his clothes.

The corner was not the answer, as much as he wished it could be. Avery wriggled and writhed, twisting back and forth and back and forth… His hands kneaded against his groin and he just… He just wanted to use the toilet! Once again, he was crying. He just wanted to pee! That was all he wanted! He wasn’t even allowed such a basic, simple thing! He’d been deemed unworthy of even that!

He felt ridiculous, trying so hard not to pee all over clothes that he HATED. The only reason he didn’t just piss them deliberately out of malice and a desire to rid of himself of the awful pressure was because he didn’t want to be forced to SIT in his mess for a whole week again. Except, if that door didn’t open soon he wasn’t going to have a choice in whether or not these clothes were soiled.

Yet another thing he didn’t get to choose. Avery couldn’t have any choices, couldn’t make any decisions for himself. Other people made them for him, and severely punished him if he tried to do anything else.

There he went crying again. He wished he could stop. But, apparently he couldn’t hold in liquid from any part of his body. Tears streamed down his face, and a blast of pee seeped out into his clothes. He felt the warmth clinging to his thighs, and it made him cry more. He was revolting, he was a mistake. It was his own fault he was in here. He shouldn’t have come out to his parents. He knew they weren’t going to be happy, and while he couldn’t have predicted they’d do something THIS extreme to punish him, he should have known it was going to end badly. He should have just kept pretending for them, should have just dropped out of school early and gotten a job so he could move away from them and live his life the way he had to. If he’d done that, he wouldn’t be here.

He would give anything to not be here anymore. Maybe everyone was right, and he just hadn’t put in enough ‘effort’ towards being a girl. He hadn’t tried hard enough. He could be a girl if it got him out of here. He could just… Find some way to stop feeling things. Find some way to switch all his emotions off, until he felt absolutely nothing. So long as everyone else was happy with him, it shouldn’t have mattered how he felt anyway. The ‘therapists’ had told him over and over that his insistence that he was ‘just trying to be himself’ came from a place of utter selfishness and lack of care for the feelings of others. Maybe they were right.

‘You’re a selfish, pointless waste of life,’ Avery thought to himself, repeating what he’d heard hundreds of times. ‘Your existence is revolting, and it destroyed your family. Are you proud of yourself for that? No? Well then why won’t you put the work in to fix it?’

Tears were collecting on the ground beneath his head. His eyes were burning, but he didn’t even have the energy to blink them. Every few seconds, a hissing noise filled the room as tiny squirts of pee spurted out of him. He didn’t think he cared about that, either.

‘When you get out of this room, you’re going to try to behave,’ Avery ordered himself. ‘You’ll figure out the right answers to those questions, and even if you can’t, you won’t cry when they hit you for it. When they take you to the shock chair, just sit down and take it, no more fighting. It’s what you need. Then, when they finally let you out, you’re going to wear nothing but dresses, paint your face with make-up until you’re beautiful. You’re never going to study fish again, because ‘marine biologist’ is no job for a sweet lady like you. No job is. Just find a husband and make all the babies you can. It’s what you’re made for. When you go home, you should thank your parents for teaching you this. Then, maybe one day you’ll be an actual human and not a…’

Avery was full-blown sobbing now, each heave shaking the walls of his aching bladder and causing him to void even more strongly into his clothes. He began to speak out loud, not even realizing he’d done so. “You’re not a person. You don’t deserve to call yourself a person. You’re an inhuman, disgusting pile of shit that’s lucky it hasn’t been beaten to death yet like it deserves. You’re… You’re a sick, pervert, getting off on the idea of tricking people into thinking you’re something you can never be. You’re just a brainwashed, confused little girl in need of fixing!” He had no idea he was shouting until spit flew from his mouth. He had no idea how much he’d peed until he sat up and felt his underpants squishing below him. In spite of how soaked he already was, he still felt close to exploding if he didn’t get to the toilet soon.

He started to slap himself in the face, hard. Over and over, screaming vicious things at himself, repeating every horrid thing anyone had ever said about him, until he was laying back down on the ground, his face even more bruised than before and his thighs clammy and sticky from all his leaking. There was a big puddle on the ground below him, he’d utterly drenched the floor.

His bladder was still so full, though. “I can’t… I can’t do this anymore…” Avery whimpered into the silence. “I want to… I don’t want to be alive.” He shouldn’t have been alive, he didn’t think. That was what everyone always said. He didn’t deserve a life.

He gave up then, he just didn’t care about anything anymore. Who cared if the ‘therapists’ made fun of him when they found him sobbing and soaked in piss? Who cared if he had to sit in that piss for the next several days? All of that was what he deserved. He deserved humiliation and suffering. He was unworthy of ever being happy.

 Avery let go, his bladder immediately splitting apart and releasing a major gush that added to the dampness coating Avery’s body and the lake forming on the ground. He peed hard and fast, but felt no relief. He was getting so wet that his legs squished with every tiny movement, and the entirety of the floor was now covered in pee. The water-level in the room started to rise and rise, until the pee was nearly up to Avery’s nose. Still, he wasn’t done. And still, he felt no relief. If anything, his urge was just getting worse by the second. ‘Make it stop!’ his brain screamed. ‘Make it all just stop!’

Avery woke up.

He blinked several times.

He was not in the isolation room. He was not wearing a dress. He was not violently wetting himself.

He was in his bedroom at Uncle Brad’s place, right where he belonged. He was wearing his own pajamas, the ones he LIKED. He was… Holding what felt like at least fifty gallons of boiling hot piss.

His arms jerked with the urge to grip himself, but he realized a moment later that he already WAS. His hands had become plugs at some point during his nightmare… ‘Nightmare… That’s…’ That was unusual, typically when he dreamed about conversion therapy, he was always fully AWARE that he was stuck in a nightmare, that he shouldn’t be there anymore, that the events shouldn’t have been repeating. But, this time he hadn’t had that awareness, he’d been utterly convinced he was trapped again, with no memory of his rescue and new life.

Did that mean the dreams— and whatever it was in his head that was causing them— were getting even worse?

His bladder pulsed and he felt heat bloom against his hands. Avery could try to figure out what was going on in his brain later, that was too hard to deal with right now. However, he KNEW exactly what was going on in his bladder, and that THAT issue had a simple remedy. He sat up further, and the waistband of his pajama pants started to CRUSH into his bladder. “Ohhh—!” he yelped, probably too loudly for the middle of the night. He hadn’t been able to help it! It had surprised him too much!

He turned to the side of his bed, feeling his pee slosh harshly against his opening. He lowered a foot to the floor, then the other one, and—

HSSSS!

The second he started to actually stand, he was peeing. Hurriedly, he collapsed back onto his bed, tucked his feet underneath himself and rocked and rocked and rocked to make himself stop. He did manage to cease the flow, but now he had a bigger issue.

He finally woke up from a nightmare in time to avoid wetting his sheets, but now he was going to pee them anyway because he was so full he couldn’t stand! That was so unfair!

All of it was unfair! He shouldn’t be having nightmares that made him pee himself! He shouldn’t have so many bad, scary feelings all the time! He shouldn’t have been sent to that place! He’d done nothing to deserve it! Memories from his dream, ones unrelated to the desperate need to empty his bladder, flooded back to him.

Most of what had happened in the dream had been real. He had freaked out when brought to the shock chair and been put in isolation as punishment. He had gotten very desperate to pee while in there. He had broken down and begun to scream at himself and smack his face. He had ultimately had an accident before he was given a toilet break. The only part that HADN’T actually happened was that, in real life, he hadn’t pissed so much that he’d created a literal flood.

No, in real life, he’d only peed out enough to make a big puddle below himself, then one of the ‘therapists’ had found him like that, called him disgusting before slamming the door shut once more. Avery, whom had needed to go pee AGAIN by then, filled with disappointment when he realized that, by having an accident, he’d forfeited his right to a toilet break, and likely to food as well. He wet himself twice more before he finally ‘earned’ a break to use the toilet and, as ever, he was made to sit in those wet clothes for an entire week until he was released from isolation.

The memory of that horrid week— Of those horrid MONTHS he’d been imprisoned for no decent reason— mixed with the pain in his bladder and the hopelessness he felt since he couldn’t even stand and walk to the toilet. Before he knew it, he was crying just as he’d done in his dream. Much like his dreams, his sobs shook the walls of his annoyed bladder and made him start to lose little droplets into his pants. ‘Just let it all go,’ he told himself. ‘Get it over with. You can’t make it.’

It just wasn’t that easy to urinate in one’s clothes on purpose, even if they were as desperate as Avery was. Years and years of conditioning had made his body dead-set on not letting itself pee if his clothes were in the way of the stream.

Avery didn’t realize how loudly he was crying until his bedroom door cracked open. “Avery…?” Uncle Brad whispered, coming to his side. “Did you have another bad dream?”

Avery whimpered as he nodded, “I—I didn’t mean to w—wake you up…”

Brad rubbed a hand against Avery’s shoulder, “It’s okay… You…You were hurt a lot, Avery. You’ve earned the right to cry…” He sat down on Avery’s bed, unknowingly jostling his nephew’s overflowing bladder in the process.

“Ooohhh…” Avery groaned, tensing his thighs and tightening his grip. “I—“

“What was the dream about? Would it feel better if you talked about it?”

“It… It was about the isolation room,” Avery said, squeezing his eyes shut. He wasn’t sure if talking about it would make him feel all that better THIS time. The longer Brad stayed in here, the more likely it was he’d bear witness to Avery drenching himself when his bladder finally burst. “This one time where I… I went crazy. I started hitting myself, and screaming at myself, because… I don’t know, I guess just hearing… Hearing people say it to me all the time, it all got stuck inside my head.”

Brad nodded. He knew Avery had a history of self-harm. He’d caught Avery hurting himself a few times, it had been a horrifying thing to see. There was a reason Brad kept the razors in a lockbox now. When Brad quit smoking, it had been to get all of the lighters out of the apartment.“None of those things they said about you were true. You are not disgusting.”

Avery winced, shifting in his place. Would Uncle Brad say the same thing when he peed everywhere in a few minutes?

“You are not sick,” Uncle Brad added. “The people who did those things to you, they were the sick ones. You’re a kind young man. Even after everything you’ve been through, you’re nothing but nice to everyone. You—… Hey, don’t be so tense, it’s over. You’re safe now, I’m never going to let anybody hurt you ever again, I promise.” Brad stroked Avery’s back, feeling the heavy tension there. “Relax, or at least try to… It’s—“

“I c—can’t,” Avery stammered. “If I relax, I’ll… Um… Anoth—Another part of the dream— When I was in isolation, I wasn’t allowed toilet breaks very much and I always had to go bad. Sometimes I’d have accidents and they’d make me lay in it, and—”

“It’s… Okay if you got the sheets wet,” Brad assured. “I’ll get you some new pants, it’s—“

“N—No, I didn’t wet the bed this time,” Avery interrupted, nearly doubling over on himself. That was a bad idea, however, as now his body weight was basically folding his bladder in half. Instead, he laid backwards and stared at the ceiling, desperate to give it more space, however there didn’t seem to be any space LEFT in Avery’s body, his pee had to come out now! “I… I just…. Can’t hold it…”

“Oh,” Brad said. “You mean you have to go NOW. Well, we can talk more in a minu—“

Avery shook his head frantically, “I can’t stand up. I have to… I have to go SO bad that I start peeing if I try to get up. I can’t make it.”

“Okay…” Uncle Brad told him. “It’s alright, I’ll… Hold on.” He stood and left the room. Avery initially thought he was just giving him some privacy so he could have his inevitable accident, but he came back a minute later, carrying an empty bottle that used to contain a sports drink. “Got this back out of the trash,” he said. “Will it wor—“

“Yes,” Avery said eagerly. He didn’t think he’d ever wanted anything as badly as he wanted that bottle. He’d fallen asleep with his prosthetic on, so he’d have no issue using it, either.

Uncle Brad sat beside him again and handed him the bottle. Avery unscrewed the cap, and then… There were problems. The STP worked best if he was actually standing, otherwise the cup was tilted wrong and he’d have a spill. “I… I have to get up…” he mumbled, trying to figure out the right way to do this that would result in the smallest amount of pee coming out before he was ready. He came up with it pretty fast and was a little proud of himself for thinking so quickly when his bladder was searing. “T—Turn around,” he said.

Brad did, and Avery unbuttoned his pajama pants and pulled his dick out, then put the opening of the bottle in place below it. He knew he was going to burst the second he was on his feet, but this way it would all be flowing where he wanted it to go. He shut his eyes as he got ready to stand, seeing his dick aimed into a bottle was a bit of a mindscrew— His eyes were telling him it was safe to pee, but inside he knew that everything wasn’t lined up right just yet. He got up as fast as he dared, one hand pushing the cup of his STP firmly against himself. He felt himself peeing before he was all the way stood, and felt a little sliding out the back of the cup and warming his pants.

Finally, he had everything right where he needed it, and he didn’t have to TELL himself to start pissing, because he was already gushing like crazy. Urine hissed and spattered into the plastic bottle, and Avery sighed gently, “Haaahhhh… That’s beautiful…” he mumbled to himself. He felt the bottle growing warm and heavy as he pumped it full of his piss, and for a wonderful moment he was lost in his relief.

But, the bottle started to get REALLY heavy, and then Brad was saying, “H—Hold on, too much!”

It took Avery a minute to register all of that, but when he felt pee coating his hands as it overflowed from the bottle, he cringed, squeezed his thighs, and cut off his flow. His bladder pounded and swelled, utterly enraged at having its relief taken away early.

Frantically, Avery set the bottle down on his nightstand, accidentally spilling some onto the surface, before he took off from his room. He’d let a lot of the excess pressure out— Enough that he could move without pissing— But, he didn’t feel like he had much time before his interrupted stream resumed with or without his consent. He dashed to the toilet— and thank God the lid and seat were both up already! He aimed for the bowl, instantly unleashing the remainder of his piss. “Ahhhhhhh….”

Avery moaned so loudly now that Brad could hear him all the way back in his room. Brad’s stomach twisted. According to the label, the bottle Avery had just OVERFLOWED held twenty ounces. Avery had pissed out over twenty ounces of liquid and he STILL hadn’t been finished!?

Brad struggled to remember his high school biology class. How much was a bladder SUPPOSED to hold? He thought it was probably slightly UNDER twenty ounces, right? Avery managing to fill that bottle beyond its capacity and have even more pee left to expel couldn’t have been healthy at all…

‘He should have woken up to pee before now,’ Brad thought. ‘Is he just a heavy sleeper, or was his nightmare that strong, or what?’

Brad had a feeling he knew why Avery’s bladder was larger than average, and why he held in so much so often. He’d thought for the longest time that Avery held it JUST because public toilets scared him, or JUST because he was embarrassed to say he had to go. But, something Avery had said tonight got to Brad, the thing about not being let out of isolation to pee and then having to sit in the mess when he didn’t make it.

Avery’s bladder had been brutally and harshly TRAINED to hold way more fluid than a person ever SHOULD. His bladder had obviously gotten strong because of that, but Brad was concerned he was going to hurt himself if he didn’t start emptying it more often. His full bladder really SHOULD have woken him up sooner tonight, the fact that it didn’t wasn’t a good sign.

Avery returned to his room about half a minute after he’d left. He collapsed limply on his bed, looking very loose compared to his earlier rigidity. “Ahhh…” he breathed out again. “Man, did I need THAT…”

Brad held Avery’s hand, “Okay now?”

“Yeah,” Avery said. “Thank you for the bottle, definitely would have peed all over the place without it.”

“Avery, did you remember to go before bed?”

“Yes,” Avery said. “I can’t sleep if I don’t pee first. Especially if I drink a lot at dinner.”

Brad thought about that. They’d eaten a pretty salty dinner, Avery had had a ton of water. So, that would explain why he’d gotten so full… “I want you to try to remember to go a little more often, okay?”

“I go when I have to,” Avery shrugged.

“You hold it an awful lot, too,” Brad reminded. “Almost every time I see you come home from somewhere, you are squirming and rushing to the toilet.”

“Well, at school, that’s because of Liam—“

“Your principal told me that you are free to use his restroom whenever you need to go,” Brad said. “Have you been doing that?”

“No,” Avery admitted. “Usually, I just— I hold it at school in case—“

“You have somewhere safe to pee, Avery. You don’t have to hold it like that. It’s really not good for you.”

“I… I don’t wanna bother the principal every time I need to pee.”

Brad sighed. He understood— he REALLY did. He understood why Avery felt so much like a burden on everyone. His self-esteem had been crushed to bits in the conversion therapy center, he felt somehow ‘unworthy’ of everybody around him. Understanding it didn’t make it hurt any less to see Avery constantly put himself down and inconvenience himself because he thought it was what everyone wanted. If anything, knowing WHY Avery thought so lowly of himself only made it more painful to witness. “Avery, you aren’t bothering him. I promise. He’s called me several times, asking me to REMIND you because HE sees you fidgeting around in the halls all the time.”

Avery blushed. He hadn’t realized how obvious his daily pee-dances must have been to everybody…

“I want you to TRY to pee at least once every three hours, alright? I think the isolation room may have damaged your bladder a little bit, you should have woken up to go before it was practically coming out of you.”

Avery blushed harder. But, he nodded. Truthfully, he couldn’t understand why his urge hadn’t gotten him up faster than that. Maybe the painfully long holds in the isolation room, not to mention how often he forced himself to hold it now, HAD all effected his body. He teared up again, he hadn’t ever considered that the full bladders he’d been made to endure at that awful place had damaged anything, but Uncle Brad did…

His uncle really cared about him…

“Um…” Avery fidgeted. “I…. Thank you for taking care of me, and being so nice… I love you.”

“I love you, too,” Uncle Brad said. “I’ll always be here, I’m going to be the parent you deserve, I promise.”

*022*2023-01-04 21:52

Written for the 12 Days of Omo prompt "Christmas Party".

***

It was the last day of school before Winter break and so, instead of classes, they would be having a party. Everyone was pretty much free to roam around wherever they wanted. However, after a few too many cups of punch, there was really only one room Avery wanted to visit.

Ever since the incident with Liam on that field trip, Avery had been so wary of bumping into him, particularly in a setting where he’d already be vulnerable, that he’d ceased using the school restrooms altogether. He always just BARELY managed to make it to the end of the day when he kept his fluid intake to a minimum and, even then, sometimes he’d have to shamefully ask Lydia to wait for him while he ducked into a store on their way to the subway, unable to hold it all the way back to his apartment.

Yes, he had permission to use the restroom in the principal’s office, but he just HATED how that felt. He hated how it set him apart from everyone else that could just use the normal bathrooms, and didn’t need to bug the principal and anyone else who may be in the office just because he needed to go. After Uncle Brad had instructed him to try to pee more often, Avery had made something of an effort at getting over his anxiety. Three times now, he’d been filled close to his limit and twitchily made his way towards the office. Every time, he’d just frozen outside the door, hopping from foot to foot, and straining his ears to make sure Principal Nelson wasn’t busy with anything.

Even when Avery heard absolutely nothing, he assumed Nelson simply MUST have been reading over something important, and so shouldn’t be interrupted by a student desperate for a pee. So, he’d just hobble away from the door and resign himself to holding it in until the final bell rang.

Today, he’d honestly thought he’d be fine having some punch, since school was going to end earlier than usual. But as he sat at his desk beside Lydia, twisting and coiling his legs, with three more hours left to wait, Avery was cursing himself for taking the risk. His bladder was humming with the urge for relief. He bounced his knees, and tried his best to quell the need. After months of never using the school toilets, Avery felt like he’d developed a few useful tricks for that.

For example, when he was sitting in class and trying to nurse the pain in his bloated bladder, it was never helpful to look at the clock and think ‘Oh no, there’s at least four more hours until I can pee!’ Instead, he’d try to break it down a different way. ‘I only have to sit through two more classes today.’ Since two was a smaller number than four, and since going to class was an activity to focus on, he was able to make it feel more manageable.

He couldn’t really do that today. Since it was a party and there weren’t any tasks to accomplish, all he could focus on was the fact he had a minimum of three hours to get through before he could even hope to see a toilet and relax his stinging sphincters.

As Lydia talked to Avery, she could tell he needed to go. Even with her difficulties understanding body language, she’d seen Avery overflowing enough times now that she recognized the signs. Plus, she’d been seeing him desperate a LOT lately. Ever since that field trip, every school day ended with Avery half-hunched over and struggling to even walk out of the building. Sometimes, he went straight to the subway station with her, other times he’d freeze on the sidewalk and stammer something out about needing a minute to ‘buy something’ at a particular store.

He seemed to still think she believed his excuse, even though whenever he came back OUT of the store, he never had anything with him apart from a much more relaxed posture and a pink flush to his face.

Lydia understood him being scared of the possibility of another run-in with Liam. Liam had followed him through the hallways between classes a few times when Lydia wasn’t there to threaten him into backing off. Liam had shot him some unsettling looks while IN class, and made a few rude comments to him in the cafeteria. But, all those times, there had been a lot of other people around so Liam hadn’t actually DONE anything that bad. In the restroom, Avery could easily find himself totally alone with Liam, and Liam would take full advantage of that.

What Lydia DIDN’T understand was why Avery never went to the principal’s office. He had permission to pee there, and maybe TELLING Nelson that Liam was basically threatening him would do some good. Avery always said he just “didn’t want to bother” the principal, which didn’t make much sense to Lydia. If it bothered Nelson, he wouldn’t have told Avery to do it…

Avery brought one leg up over the opposite knee and rocked in his seat. His eyes darted to the clock again, the second hand seeming to move in slow-motion. He swore it kept bouncing backwards. He felt the humming in his bladder turn into more of a pinching. He wished there could be something else to focus on…

Their homeroom teacher had brought in a bunch of sugar cookies, yet just the thought of putting ANYTHING into his body made Avery feel more bloated. He knew another classroom was playing a bunch of movies, maybe that would distract him for a bit… He tried to think if any famous Christmas films had any scenes that showed lots of water, which just made him picture rain and waterfalls, which just made him bounce his knee even faster.

Again, he looked at the clock. Still nearly three hours left…

He wasn’t gonna make it.

But, maybe that was okay today? It— It was the last day of school, so Nelson shouldn’t be THAT busy, right? Just this one time, Avery could let himself ask… He’d basically tuned Lydia out for the last several minutes. It hadn’t been on purpose, his bladder had just had a much louder voice. He attempted to pay attention again, hoping that Lydia hadn’t managed to catch on to his problem. Lydia was talking about the Christmas presents she’d gotten for her younger sister, so that told him she must NOT have noticed it. Good.

When she paused for a second, Avery said “I—I’m sure she’ll really like the bracelets,” he gripped the edge of his desk, bracing himself for the inevitable pain of standing back up. “Er… I— Oh, I gotta make sure that I haven’t left anything important in my locker!” He tensed up his thighs, muscles twitching from the strain. “I’ll be back in a minute.”

Finally, Avery forced himself up onto his feet. The difference in pressure was instantaneous, pain moving from his groin to spread all throughout his abdomen, his legs wobbled, and he gripped the bottom of his shirt with both of hands to keep from holding his crotch instead. He stared down at the floor, focused hard on each step. Left foot, right foot— His pee sloshed back and forth, like waves crashing on a shore. Halfway to the exit, a violent surge of need rippled through his middle and he felt heat flow against his opening before squirting free. Immediately he snapped his legs together and gave a few sharp, deliberate hops in place. His face and neck both burned, not daring to turn around and see if Lydia had noticed, see if she’d worked it out…

Finally able to move again, Avery hobbled the last several feet to the door and wrenched it open, scrambling from the room.

Lydia watched as the door clicked shut behind him. She HOPED he wasn’t actually going to his locker…

***

Avery’s shoes squeaked against the linoleum floor of the hallway. Ever since that first shameful leak on his way out of the classroom, he’d felt a few more fighting hard to burst out from the confines of his bladder. The halls were fairly empty, the few people wandering around still enough of a deterrent to keep Avery from grabbing at himself. Even so, he knew his trouble was probably obvious. He kept needing to stop, cross his legs, jiggle up and down… When he walked, he was doubled over, and moving at a snail’s pace on shaky feet…

It was a miracle Lydia hadn’t noticed it!

He wished the principal’s office could be CLOSER to his homeroom. The walk didn’t feel that far normally, but today it felt like he was trying to hike all the way up to Canada… The worst part was how he passed by a men’s restroom on his way there. Dear God, his bladder shuddered at the sight of the sign for it, his imagination shoving images of vacant urinals and wide-open stall doors in his face.

What were the odds Liam was even IN there to bother him? Or would come in before he’d finished going? It should be okay, right? He wanted it to be okay…

It didn’t feel okay.

He made himself keep walking.

He got to the principal’s office and tried to turn the doorknob, but it didn’t move.

It was locked.

“Ohhhh,” Avery muttered. “Come on, not now…” How could he have such rotten luck!? The one time he finally chose to come down here for a piss, he wasn’t able to do it! He bounced in front of the door for several seconds, before hobbling further down the hallway to the front desk of the school. Timidly, he glanced passed it, but he didn’t spot another restroom.

A woman was at the desk, though, and before she could finish greeting him, he was blurting out “Wh—Where’s Principal Nelson?”

The woman looked down for a second, and Avery was grateful the desk blocked her view of his frantically flailing feet. “I don’t know,” she admitted.

“Nnnh, do you know when he’ll be back in his office?” Avery asked. “I— I need to ask him something!”

“I’m sorry,” she said. “I’ll let him know whenever I see him… Are you oka—“

“I just— I have to use the bathroom,” Avery said, crossing his legs back around one another. “Real bad. And he said I could use the toilet in his office, and—“

“I’ll tell him next time I see him,” the woman said.

Avery knew that was all she could really DO for him, but it didn’t help him at all. He didn’t have TIME to wait, he needed to go NOW. Still, he thanked her, and slinked away.

As he careened through the hall on his wobbly legs, Avery’s mind was flooded with panic. He was going to have an accident at this rate! When he passed the men’s restroom he, again, tried to convince himself to enter it. He managed to put a hand on the door, but then his chest filled with fear and he just continued on his way.

He got back to his classroom, went back to his desk where Lydia was waiting, but couldn’t get himself to sit down. He was holding it just fine while standing up! He didn’t want to tempt fate by changing position! His fingers curled around the edge of his desk as he leaned himself up against it, stomping his feet against the floor. “Lydia, wha—what were we talking about before? I— I’m back now, I… Did whatever I said I was going to do!”

“You said you were getting stuff from your locker,” Lydia stated.

“Y—Yeah! I did that!” Avery’s hips shimmied, and he started to almost thrust himself against his desk. “How long was I gone, not too long?” He shifted his gaze to the clock. He’d been gone for less than ten minutes. He still had very, VERY close to three hours left… Fuck, he was gonna piss his pants… “Yeah, not that long, sorry to—“

“Avery,” Lydia interrupted. “Were you not able to use the restroom?”

“Wha—What?” Avery asked, twisting around and pressing a hand to his groin. “I’m—“

“—About to explode,” Lydia finished for him. “You’re… I haven’t even seen Pauline do a potty dance like that before…”

Avery’s face scorched red at being compared to Lydia’s much younger sister. He groaned. “Yeah, okay, Nelson wasn’t in his office, and the door was locked. So, no. I couldn’t pee. But, that’s fine. I’ll hold it!”

“You can’t…”

“Don’t have a choice,” Avery said. “I— Fffffff!” He clenched his teeth and exhaled sharply, a long jet of pee shot out into his boxers. He jumped back from his desk slightly, shoved both hands between his legs and doubled over.

“You’re nervous because of Liam, right?” Lydia asked.

Avery didn’t look up at her, couldn’t unfold his body without peeing. “Y—Yesss…”

“Well, he pretty much leaves you alone when I’m with you, right?” Lydia said. “So, I’ll just… I’ll take you to pee.”

Avery DID look up then. Having someone near him, guaranteeing that he wouldn’t have to be alone in a room with Liam, THAT would fix everything. But… “Y—You can’t go in the men’s room with me, you’ll get in trou— Ahhh, can’t hold it…” he whimpered, voice squeaking painfully.

“… I’ll pretend I didn’t read the sign, or… Something,” Lydia said. It wasn’t a good excuse, since she’d gone to this school for years, so she hoped Avery was too far gone to think about it too much.

“Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,” Avery said. “That will work! Okay, hurry!” He rushed for the door.

Lydia followed after him. It was sorta funny how he’d been totally reluctant to tell her he needed to go at all, and now he was begging her for assistance with it… It seemed like he didn’t have that much trouble talking about his needs once someone else was already aware. Now, if only there was a way to make that FIRST admission a little easier for him.

They reached the nearest restroom quickly, since Avery was RUNNING there. Every hard step on the ground made him dribble, but he’d weighed his options; If he ran, he’d leak a lot, but he’d get there in time. If he walked slowly, he might have fewer leaks, but his bladder would burst before he got to the restroom.

Lydia caught up to him and, against all previous experiences, opened the door that was designated as being only for guys. Avery shoved his way into the room and Lydia let the door fall shut behind them.

Admittedly, she was kind of curious about how the inside of a men’s room looked. She started to glance around. Immediately, it struck her as a little unfair. In the girls’ restroom across the hall, she knew there were five stalls. And she knew that, sometimes, WAITING for one of those five stalls could get DEEPLY uncomfortable… Particularly when the girls occupying them were letting out loud, hissing streams that just got inside Lydia’s head and made her start to…

Well, in here, there were ALSO five stalls. But, in addition, lined up against a wall that was bare in the women’s room, were five urinals. Twice as many places to relieve a full bladder. She’d always THOUGHT the only reason women’s rooms had longer lines was because of the need to pull pants down and sit, it had never crossed her mind that there were an unequal number of places to actually GO…

Lydia realized then that she didn’t think she’d ever actually SEEN a urinal before. She couldn’t recall ever going into a men’s room, even by accident after not reading the signs properly. Looking at them now, seeing that these reached all the way down to the floor, she was a bit confused. Did guys really just pee right between their shoes? Didn’t that get them wet? Did urinals usually go that low? No, she didn’t think that was the case, she’d seen Avery run off to pee a few times, then return, still full, to make an embarrassed confession that the urinal had been too high for him to reach. So then Avery probably LIKED the ‘piss-between-your-shoes’ urinals?

She’d been expecting him to bolt for one and… Pee however one was supposed to pee at a urinal, but he didn’t. She turned and saw him still just standing there, shaking, with his hands at his crotch. She initially suspected he was now feeling too shy to relieve himself with her in the room, but considering he’d already DONE that a few times… “What, can you not move?”

Avery shook his head shamefully. He didn’t dare lift one foot, even that felt like it would be enough to break open his dam.

“Would it help if you leaned against me, or something?”

Avery kept shuddering. That would be so humiliating, but a little bit of support would be useful… And still LESS embarrassing than soaking his pants inside of a restroom would be.

Lydia took his arm and slowly helped him hobble a few steps. She wasn’t actually sure if he wanted a stall or a urinal and, by the time she’d gotten him up to one of the urinals, she’d figured out that he probably would have preferred more privacy judging by the red coloration scorching across his face. Oh well, he was AT a toilet now, not like he’d put up a fuss about it at this point…

And, maybe Lydia WAS a little curious… Not so much about Avery peeing. She’d seen that before. She’d NEVER seen anyone use a urinal before, though. For whatever reason, that did pique her fascination a little. Probably from her earlier questions about how the shoes stayed dry. Or the fact that the urinals were just sort of… There, out in the open. No doors to lock. Guys really did just GO in plain view of whoever else was in the restroom, huh?

Avery shuffled, leaning from side to side and stomping his feet against the tiles, his hips shifting. Fuck, fuck, fuck, this was always the worst part of being desperate… That moment where he was at last at the toilet, and he had to just look at it as he grappled with the final obstacle, made trickier by the shaking of his hands, and the urge to press them back against his crotch.

Lydia heard Avery’s zipper moving, then some very urgent ruffling of his clothes, punctuated by a little, whining whimper in the back of his throat. Then, she watched his feet bolt apart from one another, and a stream appeared in-between them, pouring hard against the porcelain… As the beginning of Avery’s relief spattered the urinal, a panicked grunt turned itself into an almost startled moan. “Ah!— Oh— Ohhhhh, holy shit that’s…that’s it…”

Avery’s piss had started firing out before he’d been totally ready, he had to scramble to get the cup of the prosthetic underneath him correctly, and he knew he’d sloshed some into his boxers— But, just a LITTLE bit, and now it was all flowing down his shaft properly, all landing into the urinal where it belonged, and he could FINALLY just let himself relax. Everything went away the second it hit him that he was at last free to give in and grant his body what it wanted. He didn’t care that he’d spilled a bit in those first few seconds, and he didn’t care that Lydia was here with him as he did this. “Barely fucking made it… Ahhhh…”

Lydia felt very awkward now, and it wasn’t actually because she was standing beside Avery as he took care of such a personal need. It was really just because of the running commentary he was giving as he urinated… Occasionally just… Babbling to himself, barely coherent nonsense about how good he felt…

She’d heard him sorta mumbling under his breath while peeing before, making silly comments, but this time he was MOANING them, and she just… She hadn’t known people got so VERBAL when emptying their bladders. Particularly when they were usually super SHY like Avery was… She seriously wondered if he was even AWARE of what was coming out of his mouth now. This was a guy that was so quiet he’d have a hard time telling someone to get out of a burning building, yet now he was groaning and cursing about how amazing it felt to urinate.

And if he was doing it in front of HER, that meant he DEFINITELY had done it in front of other people…

Right, no way did he notice what he was doing.

Hopefully nobody would ever say anything to him about it, otherwise he might be so embarrassed that he never relieved himself in public again and eventually made himself actually explode.

“Haaaahhhh….” Avery gave one last low moan as the last of his pee hit the urinal. He kept standing there though, certain that another flood would start to blast out any second now. Once he was certain he really WAS emptied, he zipped his pants and tottered backwards. “Fuuuhhh…” He was lightheaded now, he felt so empty…

It was only when he’d stepped away from the urinal that he remembered Lydia was here. “S—Sorry…” he said. “I’m sure you didn’t wanna watch that…”

“It’s okay,” Lydia said. “You’re alright now, aren’t you?”

“Y—Yeah,” Avery said, going to the sinks. “I’m a lot better now. Thank you.”

When they exited the room, Avery realized that Liam HADN’T ever come in, so he’d really had nothing to even worry about.

Even so, he never would have gone in there without someone there. Just in case.
