STP

Author: secretomoact

*018*2022-06-08 19:07

“Dude, Liam said he wants to kick your ass,” was the first thing Avery heard when he got to his hotel room.

Before Avery could remember how to speak, Uncle Brad was saying “If I see Liam come near Avery again, he’s going to need the emergency room.”

Avery looked at the guy he’d be sharing the room with. He wasn’t too familiar with him.“He says you pissed on him?” The guy asked. “Is that true?”

Ah. So THAT was the story Liam was going with? “No, that’s disgusting. Liam pissed himself.” ‘Because he’s an idiot,’ Avery added in his head.

“Yeah, I figured that’s what really happened,” the guy agreed. “Because, like, I think if I was gonna pee on somebody I’d aim for the eyes, you know? Not just do it down his legs.”

Avery felt so awkward. He felt like he was watching this conversation happen from outside his body. He assumed the guy was probably joking. He hoped he was, anyway. “Eheh, yeah… Um, Liam just had an accident. That’s all that happened.”

“So, you’re Avery, right?” the guy asked. “I’m Wyatt. Why’s Liam hate you so much?”

Avery crossed his arms tight against himself, curled his hands in. “You… You don’t know?”

“He’s not STILL on that, is he?” Wyatt said. “I thought everyone had moved on by now.”

Avery thought about that. A lot of his classmates pretty much HAD moved on from it, really. For a bunch of them, Avery being trans was old news now. Even some of the people that had bothered him about it the beginning had grown tired of it. There were just a couple handfuls left that still picked on him or treated him like a zoo exhibit. Liam was by far the worst. “Some… Some have, some haven’t,” he said. “Some people still stare, or say gross stuff, but I think I’m the only one that notices when they do it. And some people like Liam keep… Acting like that about it.”

“Wow, that sucks,” Wyatt said. “I think I only really heard about it for, like, a week. Sorry there’s still people giving you shit… Anyway, Liam is pretty much a dick, he deserved to wet his pants.”

“He… Did,” Avery agreed.

“Heh, how’d it happen?”

“Um…” Avery rubbed the back of his neck. “I was… Uh… I was using the urinal, and he started to kinda… Lay into me like he always does. And, then even when some of the other toilets opened up, instead of using one like a normal person, he decided to just keep bugging me instead, and I guess then he couldn’t wait anymore. It was his choice.”

“Wow, what an idiot,” Wyatt said, then got quiet. “Er…” It was clear he wanted to say something. “Um…”

“What?”

“I… Wanted to ask you something, but I’m not sure if I should… Don’t wanna make you uncomfortable.”

Wow, that was rare. Someone was actually considering Avery’s feelings before blurting something out. Like they were seeing him as a human being. Very few people had ever done that before. “Um, yeah… Thanks for… For checking. And you can ask, I guess. But, I just might not be okay answering.”

Wyatt looked away, “I mean, it’s just… You said you were using the urinal?”

Avery had had a feeling that was what Wyatt was confused about. “Yeah, they sell things for trans guys so they can go standing up. I know, it’s weird. And I know it’s kinda silly, but I feel really uncomfortable without—“

“Nah, I don’t think it’s that silly,” Wyatt shrugged. “Pretty sure if I woke up tomorrow and my dick was gone I’d need to have something like that too.”

And then Avery was laughing.

“And, I think I heard once that like, there was some guy that had something wrong with his dick— Like he had some bad injury or something. And the doctors gave him some kinda prosthetic thing too.” Wyatt laughed. “I don’t know if it’s the same sorta thing you have, but yeah.”

Even though Wyatt thought the story of a man needing to have his dick replaced was just funny, the story made Avery feel something else entirely. Other guys had prosthetic cocks, and not just trans ones either. The man in Wyatt’s story wasn’t less of a man, and so neither was Avery. “Did you see if he was happy with it?”

“I mean, I think he was,” Wyatt shrugged. “He looked happy in the photo they used anyway. So, yeah, you shouldn’t think you’re weird.

Avery did still feel a little bit weird, but only because a guy he’d literally just met had managed to make him feel so much better about himself so quickly. And near as he could tell, Wyatt wasn’t even really TRYING too hard to do that, just relaying something he’d heard about and thought was interesting.

After a few minutes, it was time to go back down to meet up with everyone else for dinner. Avery stayed very close to Brad all evening at the restaurant, he knew Liam was no doubt filled with rage and looking for a way to “get back” at Avery for the event that was ultimately his own fault.

Avery was so anxious that he had a hard time eating his food… And his bladder was so sore after his earlier emergency that he needed the bathroom pretty bad halfway through the meal. He saw the sign for the men’s room tucked away in a corner and looked at it nervously. If Liam saw him go in there, he wouldn’t put it past him to follow him in and bother him. And, this time, Avery would be alone…

He tapped his uncle on the arm. “I… Um… I want to use the bathroom…” he said quietly, embarrassed. He felt so childish. He should have been able to go to the toilet by himself, this wasn’t fair.

“No problem,” Brad said, and he quickly escorted Avery to the restroom. He knew how bad this arrangement made his nephew feel, and his heart ached that someone could scare him enough that he felt he needed protection just to relieve himself.

As Avery used a urinal, he felt even more out of sorts when Uncle Brad didn’t move to do the same. Brad didn’t have to go, he’d literally only come in here to be Avery’s security detail.

‘Jeez,’ Avery thought. ‘I’m so freaking needy…’ He felt like such a horrendous burden, making his uncle stand up and leave his dinner to come stand in a smelly public restroom just so he could take a quick leak. Avery should have just held it, he hadn’t even been that desperate!

Avery zipped up and washed his hands, “Th—Thank you,” he said, ashamed. “I’m really sorry.”

Uncle Brad put a hand on his back, “Please, don’t apologize. You’re not the one that did anything wrong.”

Avery knew that, deep down, he knew that it wasn’t his fault at all that he felt scared. If Avery didn’t have someone threatening him, then he wouldn’t feel frightened at all. He wouldn’t need someone guarding him while he did something as simple as use the toilet.

He remained silent through the rest of dinner, feeling angry and frustrated. All of this was just so inconvenient. He shouldn’t have people shouting at him, hurting him, threatening him over a basic bodily function. He shouldn’t be so fearful of other human beings that he felt the need to cling to the few he could trust in order to take care of his biological needs. He’d tried for so long to understand why people like Liam did what they did, what they got out of it, what they thought they were achieving, and he’d never been able to figure it out.

Back in the hotel room, Avery prepared for what was sure to be the worst part of this trip. He knew it would be bad the moment he stepped into the bathroom and saw the huge full length mirror on the wall. Avery was more okay with seeing his reflection now than he used to be, but only when his clothes were all on. He could not stand seeing what he looked like naked. It was bad enough having to look down at it all to wash himself, having to see every bit of it reflected back at him felt like a punishment.

At home, he sometimes showered with the lights off. Uncle Brad had asked him to stop doing that, fearing he’d slip and hurt himself, but some days were just too hard and Avery couldn’t deal with it any other way.

He wouldn’t try that here, in an unfamiliar bathroom. He needed to still be able to see. He took off his shirt first, then his pants. So far, it wasn’t too terrible. But, this was where he usually got stuck. His hands wouldn’t want to continue doing what they had to do.

He pulled down his boxers, and actually felt good for a moment. He could see his prosthetic, attached to him via his harness. It looked real. It looked like it belonged there. It felt nice to see. But, then he had to take it off. He had to remind himself that it wasn’t really real, he had to remind himself that it wasn’t a physical part of his body like it was supposed to be, and that underneath it was something he could hardly stand to acknowledge WAS a physical part of him.

He knew some trans men weren’t as repulsed by that whole region as he was, and could even derive pleasure there. But, Avery couldn’t. He’d attempted to masturbate only once, and it had ended with him shaking and trembling and feeling like he and his body were two entirely separate entities and that he was watching the events unfold from behind a pane of glass. None of it had felt good, it had felt nauseating and wrong and he’d quit after less than two minutes. As far as Avery was concerned, that region of his body wasn’t even his. It belonged to no one, it just existed without Avery’s consent and he wished every day that it would leave him.

He set the prosthetic on the edge of the tub so that he could wash it out. Honestly, if it wasn’t for the fact that it needed to be properly rinsed, he probably would leave it on to bathe. But, if he never cleaned the funnel, he could end up with an infection. He’d had an infection like that once before, and it had necessitated him paying more attention to THAT part of his body than he could stomach.

Finally, he forced himself to unzip the binder, shutting his eyes tight against his reflection. Everything about his chest was wrong. Avery had never been able to think of those things as ‘breasts’, his brain told him that they were enormous, pus filled tumors and that they needed to be gone NOW. He hated how large his nipples were, he hated feeling the tumors move and sway as he walked, he fantasized every day about destroying them.

And then, Avery was naked… In an unfamiliar place, with a guy his own age that he went to school with right out there in the other room. He knew Wyatt did not have XRAY vision, but it FELT like he did. Wyatt was out there, thinking about how Avery was about to shower, and that he’d have to be naked to do that, with his body all warped and distorted and wrong. Avery felt more exposed than he ever had in his life.

He showered as fast as he could, rinsed out his prosthetic with a little bit of soap and a lot of warm water, and then it was over. The relief he felt when he put his prosthetic back on and pulled up his pants was immense, eclipsed only by how much better he felt after putting on his binder and shirt. He was together again, reassembled. He was okay.

He opened the door to find his uncle standing there. “Could I talk to you?” he asked.

Avery nodded, and Brad stepped in.

“So, tonight and tomorrow…” Brad began. “Your… Stuff that you wear?”

Avery knew what he was asking. “I HAVE to leave it on,” he said. “Please? It’s just a couple days. I can’t— Not here. Please?”

“You could… Keep the comforter pulled up all the way,” Brad said. “So that he won’t see how you look without—“

“No,” Avery said, he knew he was whining, but he couldn’t help it. The mere idea of having those things… out… “Please? I know it’s bad for me, but I just—“

“Okay,” Brad said. “But, tomorrow I want you to go into a restroom every so often and unzip it for a bit. Just for a few minutes to give yourself a break. And, I’m not going to make you take the… Lower stuff off. We haven’t really got a place to hide it over night. So, make sure you’re cleaning it as best as you can.”

Avery felt better. He wasn’t going to enjoy ducking into bathroom stalls to mess with his binder, but it was a lot better than having to leave it open all night long here. And, remembering the Hellish desperation he’d gone through on the bus, he thought it would at least give him more opportunities to visit the toilet tomorrow.

After Avery and Brad left the restroom and Wyatt had showered, the three went to bed.

When Avery awoke, there were problems.

It really wasn’t good to go to bed with his binder on. He’d turned wrong at some point during his sleep and there was a horrendous pain in one of his shoulders where the strap had been pressing all night. And, it really was best not to leave the prosthetic on all the time, either. Sweat sometimes got caught between the prosthetic and his flesh, especially at night. So, taking it off in order to give his skin time to air out was necessary. Since this hadn’t happened, he was terribly itchy. ‘Don’t scratch it!’ he ordered himself. ‘It will go away faster if you don’t scratch!’

He balled his hands into fists as he fought the urge to dig his nails into his irritated flesh to try and drive away the maddening feeling of pins and needles assailing it. ‘Wash off some in the bathroom,’ he told himself. That had helped in the past when he’d accidentally gone to sleep with it still on.

He waited by the restroom door, uncomfortably holding his clothing for the day. Once Wyatt had come out, Avery rushed inside. It was easier to get undressed this time than it had been the night before. He was still half-asleep, harder to get trapped inside his brain when he wasn’t fully awake. In the shower, he rinsed off the irritated areas of his flesh and the itch died mostly away. He even let out a relaxed sigh as the flames beneath his skin were extinguished. So much better…

He got dressed quickly and was back in the main room a moment later. Brad took him and Wyatt down to the first floor of the hotel, and back onto the bus with the rest of the class. It wasn’t until the bus pulled away that Avery realized he’d sort of missed a step in the restroom earlier.

Namely, he’d forgotten to actually USE it.

He’d been so concerned with taking care of his itching thighs that he’d neglected paying a visit to the most important fixture in the bathroom… And, WOW was he ever regretting that!

He was stunned that he hadn’t noticed the pressure within his bladder earlier, surely it had been throbbing away ever since he’d woken up! He began to tap his foot agitatedly. He hoped the ride to the museum they were going to wouldn’t last long, and that he’d have an easy time locating the restroom once they got there.

With some concern, he glanced around the crowded bus for Liam, but was unable to find him. He knew the guy must have been in here somewhere, even if he couldn’t see him. He knew Liam was also out for his blood after yesterday, and prayed he’d be able to take care of his growing need without Liam trying to start something.

That should be easy enough, though! Avery just had to ask Brad to take him to the bathroom, and he’d be safe for sure! He’d feel like a child, but at least he’d be a child that could relieve his bladder in peace. This was all going to be nice and simple, even if he was uncomfortable, he knew he could hold his pee until they got to the museum. The restroom would no doubt be really close to the entrance. And Brad would ensure Liam would leave him be. No reason to stress himself out, no reason to worry. He had to go sort of badly right now, but that was going to be taken care of soon enough.

They reached the museum pretty quickly, and Avery only winced a tiny bit when he stood up to depart from the vehicle. ‘Soon,’ he promised his annoyed, aching bladder. ‘Just a few more minutes.’

Inside the museum, everyone was told they could pair off with whoever they wanted while they walked around, much to Avery’s relief. But, speaking of relief, he saw the restroom sign pointing down a hall. His bladder was already loosening up at the sight, and he eagerly bounced on his toes.

Ms. Dawson still talking, droning on about how everyone needed to behave, and about the essay everyone would be required to write about their favorite piece of art that they found here. Right now, Avery’s favorite piece of art in this whole building was down that hallway… He silently begged for Ms. Dawson to hurry up and finish with her spiel, continually staring at the arrow directing him towards the restrooms was making his bladder convulse and spasm hard as it struggled to understand why he hadn’t brought it there yet. ‘Come on… Come on, we get it!’ he thought. ‘I want to pee now!’

Finally, Ms. Dawson had concluded with everything she’d wanted to say, and Avery relaxed once more. His ordeal was nearly over, and he hadn’t needed to endure nearly the amount of struggle that he’d gone through yesterday. He was gonna pee in just a couple minutes, and this annoying pressure would be a thing of the past.

“There’s this one painting here I really wanted to see,” Lydia said. “It’s a Monet, called ‘The Houses of Parliament’. I’ve seen photos of it, the colors are really cool.”

Avery was sure the colors really were cool if Lydia said they were, but he could certainly wait to see them. There was one thing that he COULDN’T comfortably wait to do for much longer, however. He’d been doing his best to get better at asking people for the things he needed, so many times in the past he’d let himself get desperate simply because he couldn’t make himself speak up. He would not repeat that mistake today. Right away, he turned to his uncle and said “I wanted to go to the restroom before we start, okay?”

That was okay, of course. Brad led Avery and Lydia down the hall towards the restrooms, and Avery was breathing easily despite the growing tightness beneath his waistband. Almost there… Almost there… Almost there…

Avery’s bladder suddenly cramped in on itself as he saw a far less pleasant sign affixed to the door of the men’s room.

It was currently closed. Out of order.

Avery wasn’t seconds away from emptying his bladder. He no longer knew WHEN he’d next get to do it.

Brad gave Avery a sympathetic look. “It’s alright, I’m sure there’s another one somewhere, we can start looking.”

And at that, all the shame flooded back into Avery. Lydia didn’t seem to need to go. Unlike Avery, who’d been an idiot this morning, she’d no doubt relieved herself right after waking up. What an enormous nuisance he’d be if he made her spend this trip helping him find a urinal. Who knew how long it would take to find him one? What if it took so long Lydia didn’t get to see that painting she liked?

All things considered, Avery didn’t have to go THAT much right now, anyway. “I—It’s fine,” he said. “We don’t have to look, I’m sure we’ll pass by one. I can wait, it’s not that bad.” As if to protest his statement, his bladder sent him a sharp twinge that made the muscles around his sphincter pulse. He bounced once on his heels, trying to make it look casual. “Don’t worry about it.”

Lydia tried to keep the disappointment off her face at Avery’s words. There had been a bit of a problem this morning for her; She was sharing her hotel room with two other girls, and they’d both taken so long in the restroom that Lydia didn’t get to have a turn of her own before it was time to go down to the lobby. She’d barely even been able to get her clothes on fast enough, there had definitely been no time to empty her bladder!

When Avery had requested a toilet break she’d been very relieved because it meant she’d finally get to go as well!

The women’s room was still open, but… Wow, that would be really unfair! Even if Avery didn’t need the bathroom as badly as SHE did, she didn’t want to taunt him by peeing when he wasn’t able to, and adding on a few more extra minutes that he’d need to wait. “Th—That’s good,” she stammered finally. “And, I’m sure we’ll find one soon!”

Avery REALLY hoped so…

About an hour later, and the three had gone through several rooms of the museum, but had yet to find another set of restrooms. Avery had definitely been keeping an eye out for one, his bladder hadn’t ceased steadily filling for even one second during all that time. What was once an irritating, nagging, tingling bit of throbbing was now a pulsating urge that was causing him to walk with very stiff legs. He struggled to look away whenever he saw a painting that contained anything that involved water. Ocean scenes, rivers, lakes, waterfalls… Even in the still images, he swore he could hear them trickling, and his thighs clenched in tightly at the sight.

“Water is very hard to paint realistically, I’ve heard,” Brad said. “It isn’t easy to make it look like it’s really flowing, but this one does it,” he gestured to one painting, and Avery agreed with him. It really did look like the stream in it was moving, instead of just remaining static and frozen in time. If it didn’t make him wish so badly for a place to allow his OWN stream to start moving, he thought he’d be admiring it as much as Brad was.

In one of the older paintings, one depicting a scene in some ancient castle, Avery even saw a tiny chamberpot tucked into one corner. No one was using it, thank God— If Avery was forced to see even a drawing of someone urinating right now, he’d probably stop cold and double over. But, just the sight of the pot, and the knowledge of what it was FOR, made him wish he could somehow step inside the painting and make some serious use of it.

That idea actually got him smiling at the absurdity of it. He imagined all the Renaissance-era people in the image jumping with surprise as some guy wearing bizarre clothing unlike anything they’d ever seen suddenly crashed their party just to take a huge piss. He even snorted a little laugh, but winced when it prompted his bladder to contract.

“What’s so funny?” Lydia asked him.

Avery froze. He couldn’t exactly TELL her that he’d been fantasizing about developing magic powers that let him go inside works of art to pee… “N—Nothing. I just remembered something I saw online. It’s nothing.”

“Oh…” Lydia said, wishing he’d shared more. She was in need of some sort of distraction from her bladder, and the art alone wasn’t cutting it… “H—Have you seen a bathroom yet, anywhere?” she asked. She’d been desperately checking around every corner for one herself, but maybe she’d missed it. And, since Avery wasn’t in such dire need of a break, perhaps he’d forgotten all about it and didn’t say anything when he spotted one.

Avery tried to straighten himself out a bit more, wary that Lydia was catching on to exactly how desperate he was becoming and getting concerned. He didn’t want to worry her, he hated stressing people out over his silly problems! “Nope,” he said, shrugging like it didn’t matter at all. “But, that’s okay. I’m still fine.”

Lydia patted her hands against her thighs anxiously for a moment… There had to be another set of bathrooms here somewhere, right? This was an enormous place! She thought about telling Avery that she needed to pee, asking if they could please go back down to the one bathroom they HAD managed to find so she could get relief— If Avery didn’t need it that bad, he shouldn’t mind, right? “Avery, I—“

“Oh hey,” Brad called. “Check this one out!” He was standing before an enormous painting that displayed a waterfall that was surely hundreds of miles wide… Hundreds of miles worth of gushing, pouring water all splashing and echoing. “This is what I was telling you about, Avery. The amount of skill someone needs to make this look so real— You can practically HEAR it, can’t you?”

Avery nodded twitchily. He sure as Hell COULD hear it! He had the most peculiar urge to clamp his hands over his ears to block out the thunderous hissing that only existed within his imagination! “Y—Yeah,” he managed. “It’s neat…” he swayed from side to side. He… Honestly wouldn’t mind jumping into that painting either, though. There was a rock ledge at one end of the waterfall, and he was sure it would feel all kinds of good to release his bladder’s waterfall down it…

He crossed his legs at the thought, tensing them together. ‘Hold it… Hold it…’ he thought as he tried to quell the thrashing need within. He uncrossed them finally when he saw his uncle turn back around. “What do you think of the colors, Lydia?”

Lydia had been trying not to look at the painting at all, but she did now. It was a spattering of different shades of blue in most places, but the sky was at sunset and filled with pinks and yellows… Some of the yellows were being reflected against the waterfall. Clearly, the long-dead artist that had created this work was a sadist, he somehow just knew that one day his painting would hang in a museum and a girl with an uncomfortably full bladder would have to look at it and all the suggestive imagery it contained. “Th—They’re nice,” she said, dragging her nails against her pant legs, agitated. “The reflection of the sky is…”

“I know,” Brad said. “Amazing attention to detail.”

“L—Let’s find some others,” Lydia said, and they started to leave this room.

“Avery, I don’t think I ever asked, do you have a favorite artist? Maybe they have some of their stuff here.”

Avery shrugged, trying to remember names of famous artists. He was struggling to remember anything that wasn’t related to urinals, though…

Well.

Wasn’t there some artist that, like, autographed a urinal, or something? Had anyone ever… Used it? Could HE use it? Was it in this museum? “Who’s that guy that signed the urinal? That’s kinda funny, I guess.”

“I believe that was Marcel Duchamp,” Brad said. “I don’t think that one is displayed here, though.”

“Oh, okay,” Avery said. It was quite a ridiculous thought, anyway. He was pretty sure that peeing into one of the art displays— even if it WAS technically a urinal— wouldn’t be the ‘proper behavior’ Ms. Dawson had asked for.

But, Avery absolutely had to find SOMEWHERE to go soon, the amount of urgency pulsing right against his opening was beginning to make it hard to walk. When he parted his legs too far, he’d feel like his pee was right at the very edge of his exit, like it would take just one tiny push to make it all come flowing out. He was forced to take tiny, little half-steps, occasionally rising onto the tips of his toes, clenching down hard against the tide.

After a bit more walking, and still no sign of a restroom, Lydia was starting to feel highly stressed out. She’d skipped her morning pee before school a couple of times, and it had always made for a very uncomfortable ride there, but she’d always reach school rather quickly and be able to go straight to the toilet for relief. At most, forgetting to pee after waking up would only require her to hold it in for about an hour.

This had been a lot longer than one hour, and her kidneys were refusing to listen to her demands that they stop pumping liquid into her bladder until she found a way to get rid of everything that was already inside it. She paused at the staircase that she knew would lead back to the first set of restrooms they’d found; How foolish it had been to choose to restrain herself when Avery had said repeatedly that he barely even had to go! It wouldn’t have been THAT mean to pee earlier! She rocked back and forth on her feet. “Um… I need to use the restroom,” she said. “Can you guys wait for me while I go back downstairs?”

‘No fair!’ Avery’s brain screamed. ‘No fair, no fair, no fair!’ He was positive he had to go a lot more than Lydia did! His middle felt swollen and firm, and he was DYING to let it release! But… Maybe they’d fixed whatever the issue was with that men’s room by now? Maybe he COULD finally use it? Ohhh, he really hoped he could finally use it now! “O—Okay,” Avery said. “N—No problem. We can go back down there.”

Lydia was relieved that he wasn’t irritated with her, and the three went back down to the restrooms.

Avery managed to restrain his anguished moan to just a small, pleading whimper when he saw that the sign was still tacked to the men’s room. No need to make Lydia worry about him, or make her feel guilty enough to hold her own bladder on his account. But, the sight of that sign made him feel like a heavy metal pipe was being whacked against his abdomen, like another cup’s worth of urine had been dumped into his bloated bladder all at once and with no warning.

Avery watched as Lydia entered the women’s room, about to do the thing he REALLY had to do. It crossed his mind to say something like, “Lydia, I actually DO have to go kinda bad. When you’re done can you, like, stand next to the door and not let anybody in while I use it?” But, his mouth refused to open. What if Liam was nearby and saw him enter or exit the women’s room? He shuddered to think what fresh Hell that would unleash upon him. He could practically hear the taunts already…

It was stupid that the bathrooms had to be separated like that, anyway! He’d always thought it was dumb, all it did was stress him out, make him wonder ‘What does everyone see when they look at me? Will I get beat up if I go inside? Will someone yell at me?’ And the toilets had doors on them, to see what anyone was doing, a person would have to look over the top of the door or lean down to stare underneath it, and that wouldn’t be okay no matter what gender they were.

In New York City, there were actually some places that designated both their restrooms as being for everybody. Avery didn’t see it super often, but he always felt safe in those. Any time he came across a restroom like that while he was out, he would always, ALWAYS use it even if he didn’t have to go that much, just in case.

If the restrooms HERE were labeled as ‘for everyone’, then it wouldn’t have mattered that one of them was out of order. Avery wouldn’t have to stand out here in the hallway, holding it, while Lydia got relief.

Avery tried hard not to think about what Lydia was doing. He was sure she wouldn’t like it if he pictured her with her pants down, peeing on the toilet… His bladder certainly didn’t like that image! It convulsed hard, contracting inside his body, and a teensy little squirt of urine shot out from between his tense legs. “Ohh…” he mumbled, hooking his ankles together and leaning against the wall.

“Avery?” Brad asked. “Are you… You’ve had your… thing zipped up for a while,” he realized. “We really do need to find you a bathroom soon so you can take a break…”

Avery nodded in definite agreement. ‘Yes, yes! Please find me a bathroom right away!’ His shoulder was still sore after last night, but he barely noticed that anymore. His bladder demanded ALL of his attention at the moment. He knew he had to unzip his binder for a few minutes, but he needed to PEE a million times worse than that!

“You feeling okay?” Brad asked. “Breathing alright?”

Avery WAS having some trouble breathing, sucking in air too deeply made his skin pull tautly against his bladder, made him wish for a toilet even more! “I— Can we, like, focus on finding a bathroom now? As fast as possible?”

“You aren’t in pain, are you?”

Avery definitely was in pain, but not the kind Brad was concerned about. “I just— I really want to find one soon, okay?”

 Lydia returned then, and Avery tried not to feel jealous when he noticed how relaxed she looked. Must have been nice to have an empty bladder… He wasn’t angry with her, she didn’t even KNOW he was bursting, after all. He hadn’t told anyone that he was having an emergency, and he was trying as hard as he could not to be obvious about it. He’d been shifting his hips and walking a little oddly, but he’d been able to keep his hands from grabbing, had been able to keep his legs from crossing TOO much…

With the ever increasing urgent signals his bladder was sending, he didn’t know how much longer he’d be able to stop himself from dancing, though.

“Let’s find a restroom for Avery now,” Brad said to Lydia.

“Oh,” Lydia frowned at her friend. “You should have said it was getting bad, then I wouldn’t have—“

“I—I’m fine,” Avery insisted. “Just have to…” He didn’t want to tell Lydia that he needed to unzip his binder any more than he wanted to tell her he really needed to pee… “Um… I have to adjust something, that’s all. I’m okay.”

“Alright,” Lydia said.

After a bit of searching, he’d Avery had needed to come to a dead stop a couple times to cross his legs and adjust his fly. The third time he stopped like this, he accidentally doubled over and had a very difficult time getting moving again. His middle was totally firm now, rock-solid from the weight of his bladder, and it was becoming much heavier than he thought he could carry…

He kept trying to prod the waistband of his jeans away from his abdomen, but this brought him very little relief. The pulses at his opening weren’t coming in waves anymore, it was a constant assault of intense pressure, and he just… He needed somewhere to go! His water-logged brain had been running further and further away from him. When he noticed that several works of art here were vases and pots, he fantasized about yanking one from its display and filling it up. When they passed by a water fountain, he thought about how it looked sort of similar to a urinal. No matter what object his eyes seized on, his brain would supply him with SOME way he could try to use it to alleviate his problem, no matter how illogical it was. He had to piss, and he had to do it now!

At one point, Brad stopped, and Avery forced himself to pause beside him. Avery was completely incapable of holding still, he continued to jump from one foot to the other, his hands kept fluttering by his waist, tensing themselves into fists. Brad looked at his watch. “It’s actually almost lunchtime, so—“ He paused, glancing up at Avery. Now that Avery was stuck in one place, his pee dancing was as blatant as could be.

Lydia was looking at him too, and Avery reddened under their gazes. He hoped they weren’t expecting him to say anything. He knew the only words he’d be able to force out of his mouth right now would be an urgent, whimpering cry of “I have to piss!” He tried to make himself go still, managed it for a second, and immediately spurted a short jet of pee into his boxers. He couldn’t hold still, if he stopped moving, then he peed!   Brad actually felt terrible as he watched Avery’s emergency unfold. Having seen his nephew ready to burst several times before, Brad was surprised and a little disappointed in himself for not noticing this problem sooner. Avery had even SAID pretty much as soon as they’d gotten to the museum that he had to use the restroom. Brad should have known all of Avery’s claims that he didn’t really have to go THAT much were probably just because he didn’t want to admit to being desperate in front of Lydia, or something like that.

“Avery, are you—“

“I— I, um…” Avery faltered, crossed his legs and jiggled up and down. “I— I need to go REALLY bad all of the sudden!”

‘All of the sudden, right,’ Brad thought. Clearly, the guy had been holding it for hours and hours of ever-increasing urgency. He wouldn’t scold him in front of Lydia, though. He’d never do anything so cruel. “Well, like I said, it’s lunchtime. There are places to eat around here, and I’m sure they’ll have a bathroom you can use.”

Avery nodded frantically, he hoped he could walk that far… “Hur—Hurry, okay? It’s… I don’t know, I barely had to go all the day, and then suddenly I’m— I don’t know.”

Lydia listened to him stutter and stumble over his words and had a very difficult time believing them. If she were a more observant person, if she was more adept at reading body language, she probably would have noticed that he was reaching the bursting point ages ago. Now that he had to go so much he could hardly stand up, she could tell he’d been holding it in for a long, long time. She followed after his hobbling steps, stumbling in the direction of the museum’s exit. “Avery… You should have said!”

“I— I mean it, I didn’t have to go that much until just now!” Avery insisted, finally tucking a hand between his tense thighs. He hadn’t MEANT to do that right in front of Lydia, but another squirt had just leaked into his boxers and he needed a nice, solid barrier to block anything else from slipping out!

“Come on, Avery…”

“I… Okay, so I’ve been dying for a piss all freaking day,” Avery admitted. “I forgot to go this morning, I haven’t peed in… I don’t know, like over half a day by now, and I’m about to completely explode. Is that what you want to hear?”

“Um… Not exactly?” Lydia offered. “A simple ‘Yes, Lydia, I should have spoken up earlier, I guess I was being silly,’ would have worked.”

Avery looked away from her. “I didn’t want us to have to rush through everything just to find me a bathroom, and then I didn’t want YOU to think you had to hold it just because I couldn’t go…”

Lydia sucked in her cheeks. “Um… Actually, I kinda DID hold it longer than I wanted to because I was worried about making you feel worse,” she said. “So, I guess you were right… I WOULD have kept waiting if I knew how badly you actually had to go.”

“Well… No point in both of us suffering…” Avery said. And, ‘suffering’ was definitely the right word to describe what he was feeling in that moment. His opening had started to sting and burn, sometimes a drop would begin to collect right there and he’d clench as hard as he could to keep it from falling… But, no matter how hard he tried, it always managed to seep out. A second hand dove between his legs, squeezing even more tightly as he doubled over, walking on tense, partially crossed legs.

Brad led them out of the museum, trying not to walk so quickly that Avery burst trying to keep up with him, but not so slowly that Avery had no chance of making it to a bathroom fast enough… Had he not had a time limit, Brad would have gotten out his phone and checked what kinds of restaurants were around here. But since there WAS a time limit that— From the looks of Avery’s tiny, contorted steps and nonstop crotch grabbing— was VERY close to reaching zero, he just headed towards the closest place, which was just across the street. He didn’t even bother to really read the name, he just registered that it was a restaurant, and that a public bathroom would definitely be inside it.

The last few feet to the restaurant were Hell on Avery’s bladder. He knew he was finally close to a toilet, and his body thought that ‘close’ was ‘close enough’. It didn’t care that he wasn’t actually AT that toilet yet. It didn’t care that he was still outside. It didn’t care that his zip was still up. It only cared about how painfully engorged his bladder was, and he began to trickle as they finally entered the restaurant. ‘Toilet! Now!’ he thought hazily. ‘Please!’ He barely registered the way the hostess stared at him as she led them to a table, but there was no doubt that she WAS staring. Of course she was, he was practically pissing his pants right in front of her… ‘Where’s the bathroom?!’ His brain screamed as he looked all around the dining area, his vision was cloudy and blurred from the tears he wasn’t allowing to fall. ‘Please!? I need it now!’

Only Lydia actually took a seat, Brad stayed up and pressed a hand gently to Avery’s back. “Okay, bud,” he said. “Let’s get you where you need to be…”

Avery no longer had the energy to expend on feeling embarrassed as his uncle guided him towards the restrooms like he was a little kid. All of his focus and strength needed to go towards holding it in these final few steps. With as foggy as his brain and vision had become, he probably wouldn’t have found the toilets tucked away out of sight back here by himself, he’d NEEDED someone to direct him…

And he needed someone to get the door for him, because his hands refused to budge out from between his legs. And he…

He needed someone he trusted WITH him because this restroom was CROWDED and that made him feel VERY antsy! Most of the urinals were taken, every stall was locked, two people were at the sinks…

Wha— What did everyone see when they looked at him?! Did they see he belonged here? Did they— Did they— Ohhhh, he didn’t even CARE anymore! He had to go too bad to wonder about what other people thought of him! It didn’t matter! If anyone WAS looking at him, probably the only thing they were thinking was ‘Holy SHIT, that guy’s really about to burst, isn’t he!?’ and maybe not even that!

He just… Had to… He scurried for the urinals, yanking his zip down the whole way. The only available one was between two people, which freaked him out. There weren’t even any of those privacy divider things here, which REALLY freaked him out— What if someone glanced at his junk and thought it looked weird, if they could tell that it wasn’t EXACTLY the same color as the rest of his skin, or noticed how wide the urethral opening was, or thought that the way he held it in his hands was abnormal, or—

Ohhh, for God’s sake, he didn’t care! If anyone peeked for so long that they picked up on any of that, then they were just a huge creep, and Uncle Brad would slap them upside the head so hard that their grandchildren would feel it! In all likelihood, no one was GOING to peek at him to start with! It didn’t matter, it didn’t matter, it didn’t matter, all that mattered was— Was pulling out his cock, taking aim and—

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh……

And… And… going…

All that mattered right now was finally, finally going…

Oh, God… He couldn’t hold it… He couldn’t hold it even one more second… This felt so good, this was bliss… His pee was striking the urinal with such a thunderous, roaring hiss that he swore it overpowered the sound of everyone else’s streams, and… And it just felt so good to let go… “Ohhhh, fuck yes…” he murmured softly, allowing his eyes to go partway shut, only keeping them open a tiny crack so he could keep watching what he was doing, so he could keep watching as sixteen hours worth of piss flowed out of him at last…

Brad had been extremely concerned the second they’d walked in here, fully expecting Avery to panic and insist he could keep waiting until the room emptied out more and felt safer. When he saw that the only available place for Avery to void was right between two men that were significantly taller than him and with no privacy guards, he expected Avery to be so intimidated and nervous that he forced himself to wait for one of the stalls instead.

Then, when he saw Avery just… Run right up to the urinal anyway, Brad relaxed. He was even a little proud, he knew how scary this was for his nephew. To expose his prosthetic without so much as a flimsy divider blocking anyone’s view, that took a lot of confidence and bravery…

And then he heard Avery groan… Those… Words; “Ohhhh, fuck yes…” Brad had overheard Avery mumbling things like that in the restroom at home when he’d been having an emergency. It was actually sort of funny that he’d moan such silly things to himself while peeing. But, Brad hadn’t known he did that while out in public as well.

Did Avery actually REALIZE he was saying that stuff, or did it just sorta slip out without his notice? Probably the latter, Brad decided. Avery was such a shy, introverted person, after all. It was unlike him to knowingly call attention to himself while he was urinating. That actually made it a little funnier, when Avery’s bladder control broke, so too did his control over his mouth.

Once one of the urinals beside Avery opened up, Brad took it. He did sort of need to go, and he knew it would look weird if he just kept standing around until Avery finished… Which certainly looked like it was going to take a while. Many times, Brad had been terribly alarmed by how copiously Avery peed, and this was no exception. Brad couldn’t recall ever being able to hold as much in as Avery regularly did. He’d waited too long today. He waited too long all of the time…

Of course, there were times like yesterday on the bus where Avery HAD to wait and had no other option aside from just wetting his pants. But, then there were times where Avery should have been able to go, but somehow convinced himself that he NEEDED to just hold it. Brad knew that his nephew was anxious, but he had so few ideas of how to make that better. He could be there for Avery, he was ALWAYS there for Avery, and he did his best to get him to understand that it was fine to need things and to ask for them… But, Avery never seemed to stop viewing himself as an inconvenient burden that should ignore his own needs because he just THOUGHT other people would want him to.

The LAST thing Brad wanted Avery to do was put off his needs until he was in pain. He was certain that was the last thing Lydia wanted for him as well!

By the time Brad had finished peeing, Avery STILL wasn’t done, and that REALLY worried Brad. He’d started going well after Avery had, and now that he was empty, Avery’s stream was continuing to gush as strongly as ever. Brad was even starting to wonder if it was possible to overflow a urinal.

Avery was actually wondering that as well. He must have been going for over a minute by now, at least, and he still felt a bit of pressure in there… Several seconds later, his release finally began to slow down, and Avery’s body began to really shudder… But, not in a bad way. It felt really, REALLY good, good enough to make him gasp out another moan.

At last, he was empty, and he zipped himself back up. His legs felt like jelly as he stumbled away from the urinals. He could hardly believe he’d actually made that… It had been so close! And, he was stunned he’d actually worked up the courage to let it flow right between two people! He’d just needed to go so badly that he’d hardly even thought about it!

After he’d washed his hands, Brad whispered to him that a stall was open now. Avery was confused at first, then remembered he was still supposed to unzip his binder for a few minutes now. He headed into the stall to do that. He reached underneath his shirt and undid the zip. There was a rush of relief as his skin was given a chance to breathe once more, but he tried not to look down.

Outside, Brad struggled to come up with how to discuss this problem with Avery again. It seemed that no matter how many times he said “Avery, it’s really FINE, just tell me when you need something, it’s not a problem!” it wouldn’t sink in. Avery would keep on doubting himself, he’d keep on forcing himself to suffer for no real reason. And, clearly, all the times he’d gotten severely desperate for a pee break hadn’t been enough to convince him that it was ALWAYS okay to tell someone when he was having an emergency…

Avery returned several minutes later, and the two left the restroom. They went back to the table where Lydia was waiting for them. Glasses of water had been set at each place. Avery’s throat was actually very dry, but instead of sipping from his drink, he just looked at it warily. He wasn’t eager to start pumping his bladder full of liquids again so soon after it had just nearly exploded.

Beside him, Lydia whispered; “Are you okay, Avery?”

“Thirsty…” Avery admitted. “But, I… Don’t wanna…”

“Avery,” Uncle Brad said. “If you are thirsty, you should drink. Please, you need to take care of your body.”

Avery didn’t WANT to take care of his body. It was nothing but trouble, and he hated it! If his body WASN’T wrong, then he wouldn’t have to be scared of Liam and of strangers. His parents would love him. He wouldn’t have ever gone to that stupid phony therapy center. He wouldn’t have night terrors. He wouldn’t be afraid of everything. His body had caused all of those things to happen.

Still, Avery drank his water, and his throat felt much better.

Later, back at the hotel, Brad again took Avery into the stairwell so they would have some privacy to talk. ‘Take care of your body’ was the main message Brad wanted to get across to him, and ‘my body is my enemy’ was what Avery tried to explain.

“Avery… Bud,” Brad said. “All of those things? Your parents, the bullies, that torture center? Your body didn’t cause ANY of them. Cruel people did. There are some people who are awful, you’ve just unfortunately had to meet a lot of them. But, that’s not the fault of you or your body, You are not the problem, those people are. You just need… You need to focus on the good people, okay?”

“But, I’m scared if I do something wrong, the good people will leave…”

“If someone leaves you for needing to pee, they aren’t a good person,” Brad said. “I would never leave you for that. Lydia wouldn’t, either. It’s okay, I promise.”

