The Tone - A setting for further use in the case of duration-variable unintentional wetting

Author: SadisticSwitch

*000*2021-11-16 23:10

The Tone

The tone is a setting to use in other scenarios, as I think it is adaptable and enables a semi-believable mechanism to enable modulation of the wetting duration. I encourage readers to submit their own story ideas. I may also add chapters with new or old characters, but feel free to use as you wish. I look forward to seeing what you think, and what you think of.

###

The tone had been discovered accidently by sound engineers during a live session. The group was mixed in every way: white, black, Asian, men and women, about 15 people in all were there that evening. It was a mix of tones and filtering parameters that had never been tried before, and after it had played during an experimental set: the majority of attendees had wet patches, especially the Asians and whites, equally impacting men and women.

The attendees were shocked, as were two of the three sound engineers now in soaked pants who were involved in the set, as it was being played for the first time. The room erupted in laughter, as so many had peed their pants that no one felt individually singled out. Almost everyone attending took a copy of the track with them, and it soon landed in private playlists and eventually in viral YouTube videos.

###

An example, feel free to expand on any concepts I use. I’m really trying to inspire an expandable setting than write a complete story and characters. I think it has huge potential, but I am not sure I am the right one to totally fulfill it. I would greatly enjoy content associated with the idea, because I find it very hot.

###

Tracy was a tall, black, and well-built woman of 23 years, who had always been into omorashi, regularly causing little wet patches on her shorts and delighted in having total control of her bladder. She was immune to the signal, to her own initial dismay, but those feelings of disappointment soon turned into a sadistic drive.

She made the tone, a continuous monotonous version with a drum beat in the background. She switched the tone for every notification on her phone and computer to the tone. She reached out to local semi-professional rappers and worked together to make a song that heavily included the tone, along with the classic 4-chords (see 4 chords song by axis of awesome for examples of songs that use this) to create a catchy pop-hit that would periodically make some listeners wet their pants for periods for 2-3 seconds at a time, but adding up to 48 seconds by the end of the 3 minute song. She figured that would be enough to make anyone susceptible have a visible wet spot. The hit was titled “Can you hold it” and ended up being a popular underground hit.

Tracy loved going to clubs that she knew were going to play her hit, and she’d organized a group of other women,12 immune and 8 who just wanted to participate despite wetting their own pants, to block the bathrooms when the song comes on. They had decided the funniest thing to do, would be to let people take selfies while the song plays and they wet their pants, in exchange for getting towards the front of the line to use the bathroom. They knew the paltry 8 stalls would not be enough to deal with 200-300 of 600 people needing to stay in them for the duration of the song. 10 of the women went around and scolded anyone who tried to pull down their pants or pull out their dicks, threatening to accuse them of sexual harassment.

Towards the end of the song being played, Tracy went up the DJ and grabbed the mic, she said “ayo everybody stay, there’s no problem with wet pants, don’t be mad that you can’t hold it. Check, I’m going to pee a little in my pants too, just to show you I know what it is even if only I can decide when I piss my pants, unlike some of you” she laughed, and the spotlight was shone on Tracy, who proceeded to make a fist sized wet patch in her khaki shorts, to which the crowd laughed and applauded, and the music returned.

The majority of those who wet their pants decided to stay for the rest of the party, which was the aim of her maneuver. Plus, Tracy had always wanted to party in wet pants, but never had chance to do so without reducing her social standing. Here she had the smallest wet patch of anyone around.

Around 3am Tracy’s wet patch has basically dried and the wetters no longer had quite as visible wet stains depending on what they had been wearing. Tracy screamed to the DJ, “play Can You Hold It again!” to which the crowd replied “Tracy wets too!” and started chanting this as the song started to play. As the wetters all began soaking their pants due to the song, everyone was mostly staring at Tracy. Tracy was unbelievably excited, but knew she had to play it cool, and said “Ya, Tracy wets too” and began to fully release her bladder in her shorts. As everyone else was wetting in 2-3 second spurts, and Tracy was full on releasing her bladder into her shorts, after about 20 seconds she was about as wet as most of the others. At this point, many people who were unaffected by the tone also wet their pants, because there was no reason why not, and the party continued.

Of course, a few of the sadistic women that Tracy had brought enjoyed the fact that they cannot be made to wet themselves through such easy means, were at the door demanding selfies and laughing at those who had the go home from the concert in super wet pants.

Towards 7am Tracy was getting tired, she decided to go home, not concerned that now so many people knows she wets her pants too. It’s basically become kind of normal, but still not-normal enough that it’s hilarious when it happens to someone.

As she gets out of the club and to the curb to call a cab, a woman in an expensive black dress with blond hair walks by and laughs at her, saying “Ha, you appear to have peed in your shorts” to which Tracy laughed, whipped out her phone, and played her monotonous version of the tone, causing the woman to stand in shock before crouching down in shame, and peeing completely through her dress, with Tracy replying “you too now” and laughing viciously. She loved that in this world, where she did not care and even kind of enjoyed wet pants, at least half of the people who laugh at her about it can be made to wet their own pants, and that makes it much more satisfactory.

