The Poles (3rd Zelda story)

Author: SecretPerson

*000*2016-11-06 21:32

Hey all -- the Zelda series is back :)

Links: 1st story

2nd story

THIRD STORY

PART 1/5

Daisy sat in class.

It was 6:50 PM, ten minutes before class ended. Although the professor was ignoring the fact, almost all the students in class were getting ready to go – they were gathering pencils, closing books and binders, and chattering amongst themselves.

Daisy sighed. Even in college, such immaturity ran rampant among her idiot peers.

Well, that wasn't fair. This was only the generic history class, not part of anyone's major; it was full of sophomores and AP- and IB- carrying freshman. Daisy was a senior; she had put off her history requirement twice. She didn't regret doing so, as her reasons had been sound, but she sure didn't enjoy sitting through the class now. She noted with satisfaction that her friend Luna, who had also put it off, was still sitting as raptly as Daisy herself was.

“Psst. Hey, Astra,” Luna whispered.

'Astra' was the only nickname Daisy answered to, and only when it was coming from Luna. It came from 'Asteraceae', the scientific name for daisies (Luna studied botany).

“What?”

“Are you okay? You've been shifting around in your seat.”

Daisy quickly uncrossed her legs and stopped moving them around. Imagining herself as appearing a bit ruffled, she re-arranged her hair, then pulled the bottom edge of her shirt down around her waist and smoothed it.

“Yeah,” she said. Luna turned back to the lecture.

No. Daisy badly needed to empty her bladder, and she had for some time. It was becoming unbearable. She'd calculated ahead of time that she would be able to hold it until she got back to her dorm – the place with the cleanest bathroom and therefore the logical place to pee – but that didn't lighten the burden of such a full bladder.

But Daisy had confidence. She knew exactly what her bladder could handle, and right now she was definitely in the OK zone. She would wait until the end of class, walk to the bus stop and wait for the bus, endure the five-minute ride to the dorm building, and pee in her own dorm's toilet. The thought made her bite her lip in anticipation despite herself.

Daisy realized she hadn't been paying attention, and with a little blush she turned her attention back to the professor.

At the end of ten minutes, Daisy heard seven distant rings of the large town bell announcing that evening had set in. She, Luna, and a few other diligent students tidied up their things into neat, practical packages while everyone else, having already swept their piles of stuff into their backpacks, stampeded for the door. The diligent students were the last ones out, but they didn't mind; virtue was its own reward.

Daisy parted ways with Luna at the doorway. Luna had another class and went right, while Daisy, headed for the dorms via the campus bus, went left. She stood by the but stop's bench and absent-mindedly held the railing. No one else was there, but she still didn't want to sit; her butt hurt from sitting in class for two hours, and the bench was probably dirty anyway. And if she was honest with herself, changing position first to sit and then to stand back up to board the bus would have made it harder to contain her pee.

Daisy recognized four stages of a hold, although her stages were purely nominal. The first stage was when her urgency could be described as a “1” on a scale from 1 to 4, the second stage a “2”, and so forth. Nothing was qualitatively different between the stages; she only enumerated them because it was a useful basis for creating mental shortcuts: I can practice violin at 3 or below; the bulge is visible at 2 and above.

She was in stage 4 right now, but of course at any stage she kept her composure; it wasn't logical to distract others with one's own needs.

She crossed her legs and awaited the arrival of the bus.

–

Roughly across town, in Amperage theater, a magician materialized in the center of the stage and took her place at the microphone, unphased by her sudden change of existential status, to the great amusement of the crowd, who cheered.

“Good evening, good evening!” she called. “I, Jill the Chill, will be entertaining you for the next two hours with various acts of questionable possibility!”

A bowling ball fell out of her sleeve and crashed into the floor. Jill picked it up and balanced it on her pinky finger, demonstrating that it was now feather-weight, then tossed it up in the air, where it became a raven and flew away. More cheers.

The show continued for an hour. Imperceptibly to the audience, Jill was becoming more and more uncomfortable.

“There will be a brief intermission now,” she announced. “Get food, get water, pee...and then come back for the second half!” The crowd cheered once more, then about half of it made for the refreshments/bathroom area.

The curtain closed, and Jill wiped some sweat off of her forehead. The first part of the show had gone splendidly, especially considering how badly she'd needed to pee. She'd wanted to go before the show began, but she had arrived a little late and got caught up in preparation, so she hadn't had time. Now she had to get ready for the next segment, and wouldn't have time to use the backstage toilet. Aghh, she had been holding for over three days! Couldn't she be granted a break?

But no, no matter how hard she tried, she could pull only rabbits out of hats, not extra prep time. She loaded up her sleeves with cards, her shoes with coins, and her bosom with colored cloths. She looked longingly into the bathroom as she passed it on her way to get the last thing she needed – stilts – but alas, only two minutes remained until it was time to go back on. A pee like this would require at least four minutes to release, probably five.

But no matter! Jill the Chill was a magician, and magic if not luck had always come through for her in the end.

She tried to keep her hands away from her crotch as she awaited the rising of the curtain.

–

When Daisy got back to her dorm, she avoided making a beeline for the toilet, even though there was no one around to hide her urgency from. She just wanted to delay peeing until the next half-hour multiple to make the numbers work out more nicely for her notebook.

For a lack of anything else to do, she took out the notebook to record her entry early. Below the previous entry, dated January 10, she drew a separating line, and below that she wrote:

January 14, 2015

Time: 19:30

Duration:

Volume: not recorded

She would fill in the duration after she peed. The reason she put 'volume' at all when she knew she wouldn't be measuring was that she did measure about every four holds or so, and it made the whole page cleaner and more consistent to put in a place-holder for it every time.

She looked up at the wall clock: 7:25 (her roommate wouldn't let her set it to 24-hour time). For a moment she thought she'd made a mistake and would have to wait another hour before she peed, but then she realized she'd just converted the time from the wall-clock wrong. Daisy wondered idly what she would have done. She supposed she could have waited – humans erred, yes, but intelligent humans could avoid urinating on themselves – but she felt no guilt in going now anyway. After all, she would have to go eventually, lest her bladder explode inside her.

Actually, when she thought about it, she wasn't sure if she could have waited another hour. The load inside her was swelling threateningly, paining her more by the minute. Perhaps this was the hour in which her bladder would burst if it wasn't emptied.

Finally, it was time. Daisy took her notebook under her arm, stepped into the bathroom, and closed the door behind her. She pulled down her pants, sat on the toilet, and peed.

A minute later, she heard something over the sound of her stream which made her elf-like ears perk up: it was the sound of the bathroom door handle being turned just a bit before getting stopped by the lock. Someone, probably her roommate Kendall, needed to use the bathroom.

Daisy didn't usually let herself get excited in situations like this. An ordinary person would just wait for Daisy to get out of the bathroom, and then go in. But things were different with Kendall, as Daisy had realized a while ago. Kendall would not wait for the bathroom; she would just go on with her day and hold it. Furthermore, Daisy had learned a bit of the girl's schedule, and knew that her roommate would be going to bed right around now.

Excited and full of curiosity, but empty of pee, Daisy stood and pulled up her panties and jeans. She washed her hands, then plucked a single blonde hair off of her head, closed the toilet lid, and placed the hair on it so that it would fall away if anyone – if Kendall – opened it, but would otherwise stay in place. Kendall didn't like to use any bathroom except this one (Daisy liked that about her), so Daisy would be able to track reasonably well whether Kendall had peed even if she couldn't follow her the next day. She burned with curiosity about how long the other girl would last.

Just before leaving the bathroom, Daisy put her pencil to the blank space in her notebook entry and wrote 4 minutes, 22 seconds.

–

7:54 PM came and Jill was getting desperate. She paced about the stage as she moved various objects between upside-down cups, then revealed that they had teleported to other cups. This penultimate routine was almost over; she finished it off by turning over all the cups, revealing that the colored cloths had disappeared entirely, then, after a moment of suspense, reached into the front of her black suit and began pulling them out (their numbers having multiplied and their colors having brightened since their disappearance).

“And now,” she said into the microphone. “For my final trick...”

The crowd held its breath, and for a moment Jill forgot about her bladder situation, lost in the euphoria of performance.

“I will personally...disappear into thin air!”

She couldn't get distracted now. This was the hardest trick to pull off, and if she messed it up it would mean that all of her successes earlier tonight, despite being numerous and impressive, would be meaningless. The show as a whole could be no better than its final trick.

Therefore, as Jill readied herself to disappear, she clamped down on her bladder, allowing herself a one-second crotch-grab to make sure she was in control beforehand. So what if some people in the audience saw her? They loved her. She could get away with it once or twice.

Jill had control. The clock read 7:59, and the second hand was ten seconds away from the top of its arc. She held her breath and waited for the moment.

Backstage now, Jill heard the audience cheering loudly. The show had been a huge success, even for her, and she and her backstage helpers had pulled off a flawless end. But she had no time to stand around and exchange congratulations with them; another 30 seconds and she would be peeing her pants. She dashed to the bathroom backstage, but saw to her fright that it was occupied! She paused and danced on the spot, unsure how to proceed, when, as luck would have it, the occupant finished up and vacated the toilet.

Jill slipped past him and closed the door in one smooth motion, then leaped over to the toilet, yanked down her costume bottom and sat down.

Pee jetted out for over four minutes; Jill was immensely relieved.

–

On the morning of January 15, Daisy woke up feeling refreshed. It was a Thursday, meaning she only had one class. She pulled the covers off of her small body and swung her legs around to the side of her bed. Even though she had peed (and emptied her bowels) only 12 hours ago, she felt a mild fullness in her belly. She stood up and padded over to the bathroom in sock feet, taking a look at the sleeping Kendall as she passed. The hair on the toilet lid was undisturbed, so the other girl still had not peed.

Daisy took her showers in the evening, so her morning routine was only to brush her short blonde hair until it was nice and neat, then to apply a minimal amount of makeup. Once upon a time she had skipped makeup altogether – why be vain? – but gradually Luna had convinced her that, although it was vanity, it was the good kind.

Daisy looked at herself in the full-body mirror that she and Kendall had saved up for in their sophomore year. She saw a short, thin girl with blue eyes and a sharp chin, whose partly-combed blonde hair just touched her shoulders. There was also a coffee-colored stain on the front of her shirt, which was rare, since her small chest didn't stick out far enough to catch many drops.

She finished combing her hair in the mirror, then headed out to her dresser to get a new shirt. She picked out a purple polo with a breast pocket, and while she was at it, khakis. It was a young, how-may-I-help-you-today look that only nerd girls could pull off, according to a single, kind remark from Luna, and countless, countless snide remarks from others.

When Daisy went back into the bathroom to change and closed the door, her bladder finally spoke up and asked to be emptied. It used a quiet voice, which was proper: it had only been about half a day since her last pee, so, using her terminology, she was still in stage 1 of her hold. She poked herself in the belly when she had her shirt and pants off, and felt the urge worsen for a moment with each poke. She giggled, and put her clothes on.

She was just about to leave the bathroom for the morning when she remembered that she still had business in there: keeping Kendall out. Kendall's Thursday schedule required her to get out of bed now, then more or less stay out of the dorm until the end of Calculus class with Daisy, except for lunch. Daisy had just begun to ponder how long she should stay in here to wait for Kendall when she heard that beautiful sound of the doorknob turning an eighth turn, then catching on the lock and stopping. Oh, how Daisy had come to love that sound! She knew Kendall would still be here for a few minutes to brush her hair and gather her books and so forth, but she also knew that Kendall wouldn't be taking a shower today – she did that only every other day – so she had no excuse to wait for the restroom. She squatted in the bathroom until she heard Kendall leave.

Back out in the main living area, Daisy checked her planner and saw that she was to study both scripting and botany today. Her Calc IV class wasn't until afternoon, so, ever the early bird, Daisy grabbed the two textbooks and set out for the library.

Once there, she studied for two hours, sipping from a large cup of coffee all the while.

–

Jill didn't have a show today. Therefore, she slept until noon.

When she awoke, she sludged out of bed and rubbed her eyes, then stretched her arms and legs as far as they could go, yawning gigantically. She had slept in the previous day's clothes, as was her norm on show nights; when she finally arrived home at around midnight (shows typically ended at 8 or 9, were followed by a signing or some other meet-the-magician event, and then required cleanup) she was always exhausted enough to simply collapse onto her bed as she was.

She stood. “Routine” was too strong a word to describe her morning actions, but even she had a few things she did regularly: shower, change, comb hair. Naturally, peeing wasn't on that list, but she already felt a little liquid in her abdomen. After leaving the backstage bathroom the previous evening, she had realized just how thirsty she was and had more or less chugged a bottle of water, then grabbed a second one to have while signing shirts and talking to guests, and finally refilled the second one to drink while she worked on cleanup with the crew.

That made three bottles of water in her, minus whatever she might have sweat out since then. She ran her hand over her tummy, applying pressure to her bladder and trying to judge how long she'd make it if she kept that rate up. Not long, she guessed.

She stepped into the bathroom of her one-bed one-bath apartment, which was technically a stand-alone house. She rented it alone; the peace and quiet let her make shows of high enough quality that they paid for their own working-condition luxuries.

Jill undressed and stepped into the shower. The water was freezing at first, but she ignored it; it helped wake her up. So with the water making her shiver and need to pee, Jill washed herself. She first rinsed her hair, then began washing her body while it soaked. When she was washing her tummy, she pushed a little extra hard on her bladder for fun, and, despite the water being warm now, shivered again.

Once she had rinsed herself clean of the soap, she began on her hair. Her hair was long, prone to tangles, and made of thin strands, meaning, contradictorily, that she had to be both rough and delicate with it. She had mastered the art; no hair was lost in the process of cleaning it and applying a round of straightening.

After a total of 5 minutes, Jill stepped out of the shower. She stood on the shower mat, feeling its soft fur with her bare feet while swiping drips of water off of her skin. Some water ran down her front in a peculiar way such that it lept off of her skin just as it got to her lower belly, for a moment making it look like she was peeing.

What fun would she have with this hold? Her mind wandered to various possibilities – spend Sunday in public, lock herself out of the bathroom, etc. – and she began to get excited and impatient to get on to the good part. She took a glass from the sinktop and filled it with water, then chugged it down eagerly, spilling a little on her bare chest.

She was tempted to chug down four or five more glasses, but she resisted the urge. As much as she liked to torment herself, she wanted the hold to last four days this time. And on this special occasion, she knew exactly when her last pee had been: 8:01 in the evening, Wednesday night, right after her show had ended.

Jill stepped out into her living room, dry now, and walked to her dresser. She picked out a t-shirt and sweatpants, along with a purple bra and blue underwear. Then, not wanting to forget, she walked naked to a piece of paper lying on the table and wrote “Wed evening, 8:01” on it. Below, she wrote her goal: “Sun evening, 8:01”.

Then she put her clothes on.

–

After her initial study session, which lasted until 9:45, Daisy walked back to the dorm area and took the bus to the coffee shop for a break, a donut, and another coffee. The rationality of the bus system was pleasing to her: one pair of buses circulated between the main campus, the dorm area, and the mall in the center of town; another pair circulated up and down Main St., which was the backbone of the town.

At the shop, Daisy ordered a butternut donut and another large coffee. She had brought her laptop, and once she had her food she grabbed some napkins and sat down at a table to work on a paper that was due next Monday.

But wasn't she supposed to be taking a break? Yes; exchanging the plodding Botany book for an exciting mathematical essay had been, to Daisy, a break. Besides: she had been out of coffee for the last half hour, and having more allowed her to enjoy not only its flavor, but also some early fantasies about how it would feel when it got to her bladder.

Now it was noon. Daisy had returned to the library at 10 and worked through another 2-hour study session. The coffee had long since gone through her system, and although, she mused, a normal girl might be bursting to pee right now, Daisy herself felt only a small urge.

She piled her things up neatly, and walked back to the dorms. Hunger had set in; she considered eating at the dorm diner, but then decided to go out to eat instead. So, after putting her books back in their places, Daisy took the bus to the mall, then walked a short distance to get on one of the Main St. buses.

What did Daisy want to eat? The restaurants slid by slowly. Pizza? Tacos? Sub sandwiches?

Actually, tacos sounded good – she got off the bus and walked back to the restaurant.

When she walked in, five or six people were ahead of her. She thought she'd have to wait a while, but the adept cashier handled them all in well under three minutes. When it was her turn, she ordered her usual two soft tacos and large coke. She vaguely recognized the cashier from when she'd been here before: a small African-American girl with large green eyes. A bit of a belly...was that usually there?

To her left, she heard a piece of paper flapping in a draft, and by leaning slightly over the counter she could see that it was an “Out of order” sign on the bathroom door. She chuckled to herself upon reading it – who needed public restrooms anyway?

Daisy's food was ready soon.

–

Jill sat at her work table, which was also her food table. It was two in the afternoon; she had spent the first two hours of her day surfing the internet idly and chatting with some of her friends. She had thrown together a plate of nachos and now she was snacking on them as she got caught up on where she was in her latest show, a short play. She had been working on it for a couple of weeks now, and it was getting pretty close to done. It was at the stage (pun intended) where Jill could contact her co-workers and begin giving them preliminary orders for what props and costumes would be needed.

She couldn't have described the process she used to catch up, but she had one. There was this character, and that one, and there was that thing that he said to her, and…

…and then Jill was working away, unaware of the passage of time, unaware of the uneaten portion of her nachos, unaware of the feeling in her bladder of a little bit of pee already building up.

–

Daisy didn't like to study in the early afternoon, and since finals weren't for a while, she didn't have to today. She sat on her dorm bed, having just returned from lunch, and wondered what to do. Perhaps Luna was free to hang out? Daisy looked at her calendar.

It was not to be; a red line labeled “Luna dance class 1:30-3:00” ran through all the Thursdays. Maybe she would just practice violin.

Daisy heard footsteps coming up the hallway. She didn't really notice them at first, but when they stopped at her door she became interested. Who was it, she wondered?

As the doorknob began to turn, it clicked in Daisy's mind. She dashed across the room and into their shared bathroom just as Kendall swung the door open. Kendall would know she'd just gone in, but probably not that she'd done it in such a hurry.

She waited for the turn of the doorknob.

It didn't come.

She looked at the clock and saw it was forty-nine seconds past 13:40. She looked down at her feet and tapped her sneakers together idly a few times, counting the taps on her fingers to make sure it came out to a multiple of five. She thought about the slightly full state of her bladder and wished it would fill faster. The usual temptation to chug four liters of water descended upon her, but as usual she ignored it. She used to succumb to it, but she learned quickly that it always lead to a worse hold in the long run; the sheer quantity of liquid would make her feel sick to her stomach, and then the water would go quickly to her bladder, rushing her through stages 2, 3, and early 4 before she could enjoy them. Then she would be left in late stage 4, totally unsatisfied with the amount of holding she had done, but already needing to pee too badly to focus on getting work done, and thus being forced to go before she wanted to.

No, the early stages of a hold were necessary, if boring. Daisy needed them to get preemptively caught up on work that she wouldn't be able to do during stage 4, when she would be–

The doorknob turned, and clicked against the lock. Daisy put her ear to the door just soon enough to hear a breathy “dangit!” as a pair of feet stepped back from it. The floor creaked once, then again and again, but Daisy heard no footsteps...somebody was shifting their weight back and forth. Daisy's mouth went dry.

A minute later, the footsteps left the bathroom door, and Daisy heard the main door being opened and then closed. Kendall had needed to pee since at least last night, and this had been her last chance to go for several hours!

It was a while before Daisy could focus enough to play violin.

–

Jill emerged, as though from a long tunnel, out of her work. She had not finished the play today; an unexpected turn of events in the fictional world had delayed its end for a little longer while additional loose ends were tied up. It would probably require another two days of work.

Jill's first thought was of how she missed the days when she could begin work on a project with a more or less empty bladder and emerge only hours later bursting for a piss. Sure, she would need to drink a lot beforehand to make that happen, but it had been doable. Nowadays, the most she could hope for was a considerable, but not emergency-inducing, increase in urgency.

She went to get herself a bottle of pop from the fridge, intending to drink the whole thing. She knew the dangers of drinking too much too soon, but this seemed like it would be fine to her; she was thirsty anyway.

When Jill opened the fridge, she realized with a start that she was not only parched, but also starving. She looked at the clock and found to her surprise that it was 5:30 in the afternoon. She had worked for a solid three and a half hours. That was good time, even for her.

Well, this deserved a treat. She grabbed the pop and headed for the door; she was going out to eat.

What did she want? There was pizza, tacos, sub sandwiches...

Tacos sounded good. There was a Mexican restaurant near the end of Main St.

Actually – pizza.

–

Daisy considered camping out in her room to make sure Kendall couldn't slip in and pee before their class together commenced.

...She usually didn't get like this, but today she had her eyes dead set on seeing her roommate desperate to pee.

She decided not to do that, however. For one thing, she knew Kendall wouldn't have a chance to get back to the dorm to pee, as the girl had complained that she always had to rush from her last class to this one, and for another, she didn't want to be late herself. So, with a sigh, Daisy gathered up her books and pencils and headed for the door, hoping she hadn't made some error in calculations that would have allowed Kendall a chance to use the bathroom.

In the final hallway before her arrival at the classroom, it occurred to Daisy that she had to sit next to Kendall if she wanted to enjoy her desperation. She could only control this variable if she arrived after Kendall did, but before the seats around her were taken by randoms. She didn't know if Kendall was there yet, so when she got to the door she slowed to a crawl and peered in as she passed by, trying to see every seat at once. She didn't see Kendall.

Alright, plan B. Daisy would walk around a loop in the hallways and see if Kendall was there when she returned...but no, there was a flaw – if Kendall arrived very soon, all the seats near her could be taken by the time Daisy came around again.

Instead, she hatched another plan: she would stand outside the restroom until Kendall arrived. No one would take notice of a girl they didn't know waiting her turn to pee, and she could reasonably give up on waiting and head into class when Kendall arrived. (The reason Kendall couldn't use the very restroom that Daisy stood by was that it was quite unclean, and like Daisy Kendall was a little germaphobic).

Daisy backed up into the wall and leaned against it, then took out her phone and pretended to look at it as she kept an eye out for Kendall. She usually hated the thought of being seen waiting for the bathroom, but this time she didn't mind, because she didn't actually need to go. Well...she mostly didn't need to go. It wasn't urgent.

Finally Kendall came down the hall; Daisy looked only out of the corner of her eye, to avoid getting the girl's attention. She was one of the last ones to arrive, so although Daisy wanted to be more subtle, she had to dart in right behind Kendall in order to guarantee herself a spot. She did this, and, seeing that Kendall had taken a seat with only one empty seat next to it, hastily took that one.

The roomies made eye contact. Kendall smiled politely, and Daisy waved and said “Hi.”

“Hey.” Kendall shifted minutely in her seat.

The class was two hours long. Daisy still didn't know how badly Kendall needed to pee, and if she was going to enjoy watching she would need to keep an eye on that to find out soon. The larger girl hadn't noticed how uncharacteristic Daisy's wave had been – was she distracted already?

It didn't take as long as Daisy had expected for the level of Kendall's urgency to become clear. She had toughed out the first five minutes so stoically that Daisy feared she had managed to find a place to pee. But before long she had crossed her legs and began bouncing them up and down in place. Another minute later she stilled herself, but kept her legs crossed, and placed her spare hand in between her lower thighs; after yet another minute, she uncrossed her legs, leaned forward in her seat while biting her lip, and clutched her stomach. She sat up straight quickly and glanced around, then crossed her legs again with as much dignity as she could manage.

Daisy's mouth went dry. This was it. She had done it!

But Daisy wasn't one to wallow in success. No, her next step was to see if she could prolong Kendall's plight any longer. If she could get back to the dorm before Kendall, by being early or by making Kendall late, she might be able to make her skip yet another toilet visit.

Alternatively, even though this was Kendall's last class of the day, Daisy might be able to invent a reason that the girl couldn't return directly to her dorm when it was over.

She pondered the three options. Getting to the dorm early was easy: just excuse herself from class a bit before it was over. Making Kendall late was harder, but possibly more subtle: if Daisy left class early and ended up in the bathroom, Kendall would be suspicious – anyone could see that Daisy wasn't one to value bodily functions over education.

The third option offered endless possibilities, but there wasn't a clear path to take, nor even a clear question to be answered. How exactly could Daisy keep Kendall with her and away from their room? What kind of plan would she need to come up with?

After a moment's thought, it occurred to Daisy that she could ask Kendall out to dinner. Not necessarily on a date, just as friends (Daisy herself was bisexual, but she wasn't sure about Kendall). Were the two close enough for that to be feasible? Daisy didn't have the intuition to tell, but she suspected not; she hadn't made any prior efforts to forge a friendship with the girl.

What would it be? The seconds ticked away, and Daisy thought, and Kendall held.

“Kendall?”

Daisy snapped out of a trance, noticing first that Kendall had been called on, then that she had been raising her hand. Was she asking to use the bathroom??

Kendall asked a question about what the prof had been lecturing on, and as the prof answered, Daisy realized it had been safe all along. This wasn't high school. You didn't ask to go to the bathroom, you just went. And Kendall didn't go, she just waited. She even did so properly, without squirming, when someone like the prof was looking at her...but as soon as the prof went back to his lecture, Kendall began tapping her foot impatiently, and she bit her lip nervously from time to time. Besides turning Daisy on tremendously, this also worsened her need to pee, by the power of suggestion. She didn't need to do a silly bathroom dance, but her bladder stayed on her mind.

An hour passed, and Daisy was pretty sure Kendall's need had worsened. She kept her thick legs pressed together or crossed at all times; she kept biting her full lower lip; her wavy brown hair, left unattended while she squirmed, was beginning to get tangly; her pretty blue eyes darted around, as though a toilet would materialize on the wall or ceiling.

But only 30 minutes remained in class. Daisy would see some good holding action, yes, but it would be over before it could possibly result in a wetting – which Daisy would relish in. Obviously Kendall needed to pee badly, but it wasn't clear just how badly, nor whether she could be convinced to keep holding for longer. Normally, as thrice so far, if Kendall was denied access to a bathroom, she just skipped that visit. But of course, those had all been when she hadn't needed to go as urgently as she did now. Daisy would need a plan to make sure Kendall didn't insist on a bathroom break, or (even harder to prevent) use a bathroom besides the one in their dorm.

And how hard it was to think with Kendall squirming in her seat sexily right beside her! Such is the plight of a pee fetishist, Daisy mused.

She considered her options. A dinner date was the most viable among the outings to convince Kendall to go on. Even it had two complications, though: keeping Kendall from stopping for a pee at the dorm before they left, and keeping her from using a public bathroom while they were out. If Daisy had more time, she could take a stab at the latter issue by touring various restaurants and seeing if they had bathrooms or not, but lacking that, she had no way of knowing.

She was just about to scrap the idea when she remembered something with a start: the bathrooms had been closed at the restaurant where she'd eaten lunch! It wasn't a particularly dinner-y place, but they were college students; no one would blame her for taking someone there. She knew it was open late, too, having eaten dinner there before. Her bladder pricked her gently in memory of the time she'd had an accident there.

Only one problem remained: keeping Kendall from stopping at the dorm first to pee. And, of course, convincing her to come along in the first place. The former she could solve with a well-timed visit to the bathroom of her own, as long as Kendall kept to her normal method of trying once to get a bathroom break, then giving up immediately if she failed. Daisy couldn't know if she would or not, but she didn't think there was another way, so she had to wager everything on the hope that she would.

Finally, getting Kendall to come along at all. The direct approach was usually Daisy's favorite – “Hey Kendall, do you want to come get dinner with me?” – but she knew from experience that this wasn't always the most effective, nor was it the favorite of her audiences. Yet the only thing she could reasonably adorn the question with was a reason that the two should meet, and Daisy could think of none. To study? Not while eating. To plan a co-op project? No such project was assigned.

To get to know one another?

Why?

No, the only way to do it would be to ask directly. Ask directly, execute perfect timing to keep Kendall out of the bathroom a fourth time, then go to dinner and hope the bathrooms hadn't been repaired yet.

It was settled. Daisy would ask right after class was over, only twenty minutes from now.

Kendall's bladder seemed to be getting dangerously full by now. Daisy looked over to see that her legs were crossed and bouncing up and down slowly, and one of her hands kept wandering into her lap. As she watched, Kendall uncrossed her legs with something like determination, indicated by her light stomp after doing so, but after a minute of stoic stillness she was biting her lip and shifting this way and that, and after another her legs were crossed and bouncing again.

Daisy watched with increasing fascination as the reality of the situation sunk in deeper and deeper. She had butterflies in her stomach for the first time in as long as she could remember, thinking about taking Kendall to dinner and watching her squirm for as much as two hours more.

“Kendall?”

Daisy jumped again, and chastised herself for not being more attentive. Kendall had been raising her hand.

“How come taking the integral of the square isn't the same as taking the square of the integral? I mean, if you just...if you rearrange.” She flipped through some pages in her notebook.

The professor watched her for a minute, then said “I think I know where you're going with this, and I think a lot of people have the same question. Do you want to come down here and write what you're thinking on the board?”

Daisy looked back at Kendall just in time to see her hesitate for an instant before she rose from her seat, walked carefully up to the board, and began drawing some diagrams and equations. She stood perfectly upright with straight legs at first, and held this posture the whole time she was writing.

But Daisy too knew where she was going with this, and she knew that the explanation would be a long one – especially since it involved a subject they hadn't covered yet. Moreover, this prof was fond of bringing students down to the main platform to have little (or long) dialogs with them, for the purpose of explaining something to the whole class. Kendall had been daring to initiate a dialog in her current state (if she had even known she was doing it).

Kendall put the chalk down calmly and listened attentively as the prof spoke about the question. But as the minutes ticked past, Kendall's control started to slip. At first, she only crossed her legs slowly in place and put her hands on her hips, but by the end she was squirming around enough that others besides Daisy might have noticed that she needed to pee.

The professor said nothing of it, however, and before the last twenty minutes of class were up, Kendall returned to her seat. Daisy saw that she was red in the face and sweating – neither one obvious from a distance, but both quite clear now. Her control didn't rise above the bouncy crossed legs level for the rest of the class.

–

Finally, class ended. Daisy had, for once, gathered her things together a little early, so that she was ready to leave before Kendall. She met her at the door.

“Kendall!” she said.

Kendall stopped awkwardly and regarded her. “Oh...hi!”

“I was wondering if you wanted to get dinner with me tonight...?” It had come out with neither disastrous awkwardness nor suspicious glibness, but Daisy suspected she could have done better.

“Oh!” Kendall thought about it. Daisy wasn't sure what to say, but she suspected the cleanest option was just to let Kendall have a minute.

Her patience was rewarded. Kendall said “Uhmm...sure! Just let me stop by the dorm, I have to...drop off some things. Then we can go. Sound good?”

Daisy nodded. Phase one was complete.

They walked most of the way back to their dorm together, walking rather than waiting for the bus – Kendall's decision. Once within 100 paces or so, Daisy executed a plan she had come up with during that walk.

“Do you mind if I run ahead? These books are kinda heavy.”

“Go ahead.”

“Thanks.” Daisy closed the rest of the gap hastily and ducked inside. She darted about the room, doing several things in quick succession before Kendall arrived: put her books down, straighten her desk, grab her coat, and duck inside the bathroom. There, she put on her coat, brushed her hair, and generally tidied herself; she would need to be ready to go out as soon as she left the bathroom.

Kendall arrived. Daisy heard her footsteps go from the door to her bed, stand there for a minute while books were plunked down, then head for the bathroom. The handle didn't turn, but it might as well have; Kendall's footsteps stayed right outside the door, shifting back and forth as they had earlier that day, but more vigorously.

Daisy didn't budge. As planned, Kendall eventually left the door and opened her dresser to get her own coat, stood still for a minute to put it on, then began returning to the bathroom door. At that moment, Daisy came out, and just as Kendall was about to head into the open doorway, Daisy stepped into her path and interjected “Ready??”

It was the most beautifully timed social gambit Daisy had ever pulled off. Kendall visibly looked for a way to turn down Daisy's innocent, excited question in the negative, but gave up after three seconds.

“...yeah. Should we go?”

Daisy smiled – she couldn't not – and nodded.

They headed for the door.

END OF PART 1
