The Poles (3rd Zelda story)

Author: SecretPerson

*004*2016-11-08 21:43

PART 2/5

Back from dinner, Jill flopped onto her couch and tried to decide what to do. Her thoughts were interrupted by the unpleasant realization that flopping wasn't a great idea when she had just drank a large, fizzy drink with dinner. Her stomach churned and moaned, and only allowed a relieving belch with some encouragement.

Back to evening plans. What could Jill do tonight? She'd already done all the writing she could do today; it was an exhausting process.

Well, she could go get blackout drunk with her friends. Drunk-Jill wasn't as bad as someone who had just met Sober-Jill might think.

No, Jill remembered that her best friend Matt was busy tonight. Maybe tomorrow.

She looked reluctantly over at her piano, not wanting to practice, but unable to come up with an excuse.

...Fine. She walked over, sat down, and took out a music book – Chopin's Nocturnes. While playing, she remembered something she often forgot: how hard it was to focus on the music when she needed to pee even a modest amount. Piano-playing made her urge to pee twice as powerful.

She lapped up the feeling, and enjoyed the anticipatory mirage the doubled desperation showed her as her fingers played the familiar, beautiful melodies of the Nocturne in B-flat minor.

–

Daisy and Kendall stepped out into the night air hanging over the parking lot of their dorm. The girls could see their breaths, but their coats kept them warm. The bus wasn't in the lot, which would mean as much as a 15 minute wait.

“Do you want to walk?” Kendall asked.

Daisy looked at her. It would be a longer journey overall if they walked, but probably a more pleasant one too; the bus didn't always smell great.

“Sure.”

They set off in the direction of the restaurant. Sunset would be in front of them until they got to the mall and turned onto the other street. Daisy wondered if she could get somewhere by commenting on it, but she couldn't think of anything to say.

Then she recalled what the ambiance had made her forget: Kendall's bladder. She looked at her roommate, and tried to discern how she was feeling discretely. It didn't seem like Kendall was struggling to hold it, but she did look a little nervous – perhaps because of the deliberate way she looked ahead of herself, as though her only goal were to get where she was going.

When they reached the mall, the sun had set completely, and there was only a dim stroke of red lying on the horizon.

Daisy spoke up. “That was a...nice sunset.” The cold had taken her breath away.

Kendall responded at length, and distractedly...more so than could be explained by the cold.

“...yeah.”

They got to the restaurant. Immediately after walking in, Kendall began looking around. But due to the restaurant's odd shape, the bathroom door would be out of view even after they got to the counter, and could only be seen if they took a seat to the left. When another customer walked in, though, Daisy could hear the “Out of order” sign flapping around in the draft again.

Kendall crossed her legs tightly as she looked over the menu, and Daisy realized she was wearing sweatpants now. Daisy herself was still wearing her khakis, but she approved of the other girl's choice. Choosing comfort over fashion was the logical thing to do.

Kendall settled on a taco salad. Daisy usually got soft tacos, but having just had that for lunch she decided on nachos instead. When the cashier – a different one from earlier – came to the counter, Daisy ordered for both of them, and in doing so decided for Kendall that she wanted a large drink. Their order was ready soon, as the restaurant was almost empty. Daisy directed them to a table on the right, whence the bathroom wasn't visible, and sat in the seat that faced the bathroom, inducing Kendall to take the one facing away.

They ate slowly, Daisy slowed by a desire to prolong the evening, and Kendall presumably distracted by an increasingly urgent need to find a bathroom. Daisy watched the larger girl's stiff movements with fascination. Twice, Daisy dropped something on the floor in order to get a look at what Kendall was doing down below – crossing her legs? holding between them? – and both times she'd had her legs crossed. The first time, her hand was in her lap – the second time, in her crotch.

Finally, most of the way through the meal, Kendall stood up and said to Daisy “I'll be right back.”

Daisy nodded coolly and kept eating, but began to watch her roommate like a hawk the moment her back was turned. When she found the bathroom door, she grasped the handle before she noticed the sign. Finding it locked, she doubled over and clutched her stomach, and noticing it was out of order, she let out a moan that Daisy guessed she wasn't supposed to hear. She composed herself with a sigh, smoothed out her shirt in a self-calming way, and headed back to the table.

“Never mind.”

Daisy had already planned her response. “We can start heading back to the dorms if it's urgent.”

Kendall would have loved to do that, but Daisy knew she couldn't admit the pretense. “...No,” she said at length. “It's not that, I was just stretching my legs.”

“Okay,” said Daisy.

They continued eating. Kendall already hadn't been enthusiastic about her drink, but now she avoided it entirely. Her movements had become pained. When Daisy pulled her drop-the-spoon trick again, she saw that Kendall's legs were double crossed and her hand was jammed into her crotch, the whole mass bouncing up and down. Daisy tried to hide her immense interest, but at this point she was sure some had shown through.

When they were finishing eating, another idea occurred to Daisy. She didn't have time to think it through, but there wasn't much damage to be done if it didn't work.

“Do you want to go see a movie after this?”

Kendall looked at her, but broke eye contact quickly, biting her lip and looking down to one side. Conflict swam across her eyes.

“...No,” she said miserably. “I mean...I really do want to see a movie with you, but...it's late, and...and I have a lot of work, and...I just kinda wanna get back to the dorm at this point. Okay? Maybe some other time.”

Daisy nodded. “I understand,” she said, and hung her head a little. It was time to let the poor girl go. “Are you ready to get out of here?”

“Yeah. Sorry.”

Daisy didn't know what to say, so she didn't say anything.

They left.

–

Lying on her bed that night – Kendall a few feet away on her bed, having peed intensely as soon as they'd gotten home – Daisy struggled to fall asleep, unable to push the day's events from her mind.

–

Jill usually slept in. But today, when she woke up and willingly got out of bed, it was only nine in the morning. She had gone to bed early last night, right after practicing piano, feeling generally distracted by something she couldn't put her finger on.

She made her way to the kitchen and searched for breakfast food. Two eggs? Sure. She took out a frying pan and put it on the burner, cracked the eggs, and sloshed some milk in to make them fluffier. She poured herself some tea too, knowing perfectly well it wouldn't go, but needing the calming-down.

As her hunger subsided, another feeling came to light. It had been a day and a half since she had gone to the bathroom, and it was starting to feel like it. The weight in her abdomen couldn't be brushed off, ignored, or otherwise slighted; Jill had to allot attention towards making sure she didn't pee herself. Not a lot of attention – the urge wasn't strong – but some. And she wouldn't be able to stop paying attention to it until she finally decided to pee, at least two days from now.

She finished her eggs and tea, and sighed happily. What to do with the morning? She wondered if maybe she could get some writing done, and went to her work table. She tried to ignore the dishes stacked all over it, but when a plate fell on the floor and broke she went to work gathering dishes from all over the house.

Once the broken plate was cleaned up and the other dishes were collected by the sink, Jill set about washing them. The water running on her hands brought her bladder to the forefront of her mind, and rather than push it away, Jill embraced it. She was tempted to do a little mock pee-dance. The dance always made her crazy, even if it was she herself doing it.

What the heck. She allowed herself to cross her legs and bend at the knees a couple of times. Only the fact that her hands were wet kept her from grabbing her crotch.

By the time Jill dried her hands, she was ready to be serious. She returned to good posture – which meant not straight shoulders but uncrossed legs – and walked back to her work table, grabbing her laptop on the way. She opened the messaging program and clicked over to Matt's tab.

“hey matt”

When Matt didn't respond, she wrote:

“do u wanna go to the bar tonite with the squad”

No response appeared, but neither did the green circle to indicate that Matt was online at the moment. She closed the laptop, sat at her work table, and slipped into the flow of writing.

–

Daisy had slept through her alarm, and when she finally awoke it was at the late, late hour of nine in the morning. She panicked when she noticed, but then realized that it was okay, as she didn't have a class until eleven. Besides, the extra sleep was good for her. And it meant she didn't have to awkwardly avoid eye contact with Kendall, since she'd already gone out for the day.

Daisy slunk to the coffee maker and started a pot brewing, then went into the bathroom. She was tempted to just pee right now – did she really deserve to hold? – but she didn't do it. Her rationality would not be disrupted so easily. Still, seeing the toilet made her bladder ache prematurely; it felt like late stage 3, but in fact it was only mid stage 2.

She took a long, hot shower.

An hour later, the girl sat on her bed cleaned, dressed, warmed, fed (she'd had a muffin), and back in decent spirits. The thing with Kendall was still on her mind, but now she could frame it as a mere problem to be solved, like thousands before it and thousands to come.

Her bladder ached again, and this time she embraced the feeling.

–

The day passed calmly. Daisy went to her classes by an alternate route to avoid encountering Kendall, and took both her History book and her Botany book with her to Botany, so she wouldn't have to swing by the dorm between classes. During Botany, she sipped at a large cup of coffee. Luna, who shared both classes with Daisy, mentioned that she needed to pee, but Daisy, conditioned by last night, wasn't much interested.

Meanwhile, Jill worked on her show until early afternoon, when she went out to eat at a restaurant close to the one Jewel worked at. Returning home at two-thirty had been a strange experience, but she had just screwed around on the internet for a couple of hours, then gone to practice piano.

–

At around five in the afternoon, Jill's laptop sung the familiar note of an incoming message. She left the piano and opened up the laptop.

It was Matt:

“Yes. Does 7 P.M. work for you? I've got Joe and Ava on the line.”

Jill responded: “took u long enough lol...and yeah 7 works”

“Great, I'll let them know.”

“see u then”

Jill closed the laptop, and wondered if they would be eating at the bar or before meeting up. Probably beforehand, she thought. Besides, she wasn't sure if her bladder could withstand a stomach full of both food and beer sitting on top of it. Better to eat dinner early so it would be digested by the time she started drinking.

Soon after eating, it was time to go. Jill changed into sweatpants – more comfy! – and headed out the door. In the car, she remembered another thing she usually forgot: how hard driving could be on a full bladder. It wasn't a problem yet, but...she wondered if she should arrange to be dropped off after the meet-up. She supposed it was an issue for later – it wasn't like she would have to come up with an elaborate excuse to get a ride after a night of drinking.

She arrived at the bar early, but Matt and Ava were there already. She approached them, and the three shared a hug. It was an awkwardly positioned hug, since she hadn't given them time to stand, and Ava's knee ended up digging into her bladder. There wasn't enough of a bulge to tip Ava off, but it still hurt kind of a lot.

They caught up with each other while they waited for Joe – always late – to arrive. When he finally did, Matt paid for the first round of beers, and everyone celebrated him with high praise, which he accepted gracefully.

As the evening wore on, their conversation went from sober and loud (initially) to drunk and loud (when all had had five beers, except Matt, the dedicated driver) to drunk and quiet (when the beer really got to them). Among the drinkers of five, Jill was the least out of it; she knew how to hold her beer in more ways than one. Joe and Ava were a little on top of each other, and Jill and Matt exchanged knowing looks. It was getting late.

“All right,” said Matt. “I think it's about time to start heading home.”

Joe and Ava were resistant, but Matt worked with Jill to peel them apart. Ava had come with Matt, but Joe had come alone, and was now insisting: “I can drive, I can drive! I cannot crash car, there is too much gum on the road!” This could have been his English failing him – he was natively Russian – but Jill suspected it was the alcohol. Matt patiently insisted that he would drive Joe home, pointing out that he could sit with Ava if he let Matt drive. This convinced him.

“What about you?” he asked Jill. “There's still a seat left in the car.”

Jill wanted to say she was okay to drive, but she wasn't. Neither the alcohol in her blood nor the pee in her bladder was enough to take her down, but the combination defeated her. Do not take with alcohol; do not take with piss, she mused, and giggled.

Yeah, she was drunk. And Matt well knew it; he was only asking to humor her. In a way, it made her mad, but...this was Matt. He was just doing his Matt-y best to keep things civil.

“...Yeah,” she said. “I'll go let the owner know that my car and Joe's will be here overnight.”

“Don't worry about it. My brother is gonna help me drive the cars back to practice driving.” He almost let the ambiguity stand, but he saw the objection building on Jill's face. “That is, I'll drive your car home, then he'll pick me up and bring me back here so I can get Joe's car. He'll only drive my car.”

Jill relaxed. “Okay,” she said. “Thanks bro. You're the best.”

Matt allowed himself a little indulgence. “I know.”

On the ride home, Jill had trouble sitting still.

–

After spending the afternoon on unnecessary errands to avoid her dorm, it occurred to Daisy that she was probably being silly. There was nothing stopping her from returning right now – Kendall would be there – and apologizing. Errare humanum est.

But, she couldn't go now. History class wasn't for another twenty minutes, and the walk there with a stop at her dorm would take only fifteen, but Daisy wasn't stupid; she knew a good apology would take more than five minutes.

She milled about for a few minutes, then went to class early, and seeing that Luna wasn't there yet, sat where she had two days ago. The last time she'd been there, she had been in late stage 4 – that is, her back teeth had been floating. Now it wasn't so bad, but she was definitely more than half full. And that didn't mean she had half an urge; it meant she was half of desperate, which was a strong urge.

Soon, Luna showed up and sat next to Daisy. They exchanged hey-theres, then sat quietly. It was still a few minutes before the lecture began.

“Ugh,” Luna said. “ I still haven't gotten a chance to pee since Botany class.”

Daisy perked up, then tried to backpedal by waiting before answering. “Uh...oh?”

Luna shook her head. “Yeah. I was gonna go before class started, but...I think I'm out of time.”

Daisy looked her up and down, and Luna crossed her legs pointedly. She shifted back and forth from time to time, as if to tease her friend. Daisy's bladder didn't feel any better for seeing this, but Daisy herself enjoyed it. Luna didn't appear to be bursting yet, but subtle, lesser desperation was hot too. She fidgeted in her seat about every five minutes or so.

By the time class was over, both girls were feeling more pressure in their bellies. Daisy's was still under control – she would be holding until Sunday, after all, and today was Friday – but Luna's seemed to be getting out of hand. She had even packed up early to get out sooner. But when class ended, she still waited, antsy, for Daisy.

“Uncomfortable?” Daisy asked, with her eyebrows raised.

“My back teeth are floating,” Luna said.

Daisy forced a laugh to hide her arousal. She wouldn't make Luna keep holding; Luna was her friend. They left class together.

“There's a bathroom,” Daisy said, unsure if Luna had noticed it right outside the door.

Luna hesitated. She seemed to want to tell Daisy something, but instead of speaking, she silently went into the bathroom. Two minutes later she returned, her bladder clearly empty.

Back at the dorm, having parted ways with Luna, Daisy took the stairs to her room and approached the door. Kendall would be inside, and Daisy would apologize to her. Her bladder would soon be to the point where she wouldn't be able to make a proper apology without fidgeting insultingly, so she'd have to do it right now, or not for two days.

She inhaled, and opened the door.

–

Kendall was on her bed reading when Daisy entered the room. She glanced up, but Daisy avoided her eye. Daisy put her things down on her bed and sat there awkwardly, waiting for a good moment to speak.

None came.

“I'm sorry about how last night went!” she blurted out.

Kendall did a double take, then marked the place in her book and looked at Daisy.

“Wha–?” she said.

“I'm sorry about making you...I'm sorry about how last night went. I know it was really awkward and, and I didn't know how to...well, I shouldn't have–”

Kendall interrupted her. “Hey, hey!” she said. “It's no big deal, it's no big deal! It was my fault anyway, I just had to go...back to the dorm to sleep. I was really tired.”

Daisy looked up, distressed.

“I'm sorry, hun,” Kendall continued. “I didn't mean for you to take it personally. I actually kind of l–” She stopped mid-sentence. “Listen, do you want to go to the movies tomorrow night? I was already thinking of seeing something, and I'd love for you to be there.”

Recalling the method's success earlier, Daisy chose the direct approach.

“Okay,” she said. And Kendall's genuine smile told her that it was okay. She couldn't help mirroring the expression. “But, I'll pay. Deal?”

“Nonsense,” said Kendall. “My plan, my treat.”

–

Daisy was still up after Kendall had gone to sleep. She hadn't been tired at her normal bedtime, since she had woken up so much later than normal, so she spent some time working on the Botany paper. It was going a little slower than normal; the symptoms of a full bladder were beginning to develop.

END OF PART 2
