My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*001*2022-03-04 17:40

Shy Couple

Brandon and Courtney had been dating for a few months now. So far, everything had been going well. They had the same tastes in movies and in music. They liked a lot of the same types of foods. They both enjoyed the same video games and were about equally skilled as one another. They both felt like they’d found their exact match. They were so similar that their relationship was a very agreeable and easy-going one.

But, there was one other way Brandon and Courtney were alike, one that had led to a bit of discomfort. Both of them were very, VERY shy about certain things. Neither one liked to wear outfits that showed much skin, and both were rather soft-spoken in public. Most of all though, Brandon and Courtney were extremely shy about peeing.

Neither of them had Paruresis— which was the extreme version of being a shy pee-er. Their bodies would generally cooperate in public restrooms if given the right circumstances. Mostly, they just couldn’t go if someone was right near them watching, and neither was comfortable at ALL with excusing themselves from a discussion or group activity to go use the toilet. Both knew it was silly, but they’d think to themselves that whoever they had just left was now thinking about them peeing, thinking about how they must not have been able to hold it any longer, judging them… It was so embarrassing!

They both knew that it was ridiculous to assume anyone was actually thinking those things about them, but the idea had wedged itself so firmly into both of their brains, as if tattooed there. So, rather than feel the embarrassment of having someone else think about them peeing, they both held it until they had an opportunity to go without anyone else’s notice. And, after years of having to do that, they’d gotten very, very good at holding it in.

Brandon’s bladder had strengthened considerably during his school days. When class was not in session, the men’s restrooms would NEVER be empty and so he wouldn’t go use it— He couldn’t even bring himself to use a stall with others in the room. DURING classes, he could be sure that at least one bathroom was devoid of people, but to go use it he’d have to raise his hand and request a pass; Everyone in his class would hear him ask, everyone would know what he was going to do. So, he never asked for permission to leave. And he just never peed until he was back home.

Often, he’d get so desperate to relieve himself that he’d be squirming and writhing, bouncing around and trying not to hold his crotch too blatantly. But, somehow doing all THAT was not as embarrassing to him as urinating in front of another person, or letting others know that he was going to the restroom, would have been. It wasn’t the most logical thing, of course. He knew it. But, anxiety was seldom very rational.

Some days it would start to hurt him a little. His bladder would feel so engorged inside his core that he’d feel like he was about to rip apart. He’d fantasize to himself about how good it would feel to let his taut, bunched-up muscles relax for a moment. But then, he’d cross his legs, grit his teeth, and endure it all. He would always be well rewarded in the end, once he was at home and could finally unzip and let it go… There was no better feeling in the world than that.

Back during school, Courtney had been the exact same way. She actually thought she may have had it worse, as at her high school the women’s bathrooms had been viewed as social hangouts for some reason. Girls who wanted to cut class would hide out in there, or they’d gab to each other at the mirrors between classes. Sometimes they even talked with one another while peeing, something Courtney couldn’t understand at all. How could anyone have a discussion while doing something so… so mortifying?

And, like Brandon, she would twist and squirm throughout the day. She’d sit on the heel of her foot and jiggle up and down as she tried to keep her liquid at bay. And as obvious as her desperation must have been, as clearly as everyone must have been able to tell that something was making her uncomfortable, Courtney thought that the alternative would be even worse. Heck, she was even okay with saying the words “I really, really have to pee” to the friends she was close with, just not the words “I’ll be right back, I’m gonna go pee”. She knew they all thought it was weird, but Courtney couldn’t explain it to them. She barely understood it herself.

So, every day, Courtney held it until she got home. And, every day she would finally sit down on the nice, private toilet where no one would see, hear, or think about how she was going. And, every day, the relief she’d feel as her bladder finally compressed and deflated would make her feel so much better that it made all the earlier discomfort worth it.

When they’d first begun dating, neither one brought up their quirk to the other. But, slowly they noticed it; Just one more way they seemed to mirror each other. Courtney would see Brandon chew his lip and knit his brow before taking another sip from his drink when they ate dinner somewhere. She’d see him bounce his knees, cross his ankles and fight with his seatbelt as she drove and she’d think ‘Brandon sure looks like he has to go… I wonder why he hasn’t said anything.’ She wouldn’t say anything herself, either. She could have been wrong, maybe Brandon didn’t actually have to pee and he was just… generally a fidgety person.

Brandon would also catch Courtney jiggling. He’d catch her shudder as they walked past a water-feature in a park. He’d catch her hopping from foot to foot or jumping in place as they waited in line for tickets at the theater. He’d catch her wince and groan if they went over a big speed bump while driving. And he’d think ‘Courtney looks like she’s going to burst… Why doesn’t she just ask me to stop?’ He tried to write it off. Maybe Courtney’s squirming wasn’t from a full bladder, maybe it was something else.

Eventually, after a couple weeks, they finally did talk about it. They’d been driving back from the theater and had gotten caught in traffic. Courtney was coiling around on herself and grimacing as her knees knocked together. She was ready to explode, dying to just get to the private toilet in her home and GO. She was also annoyed with herself. She’d been good about drinking while in the theater, only having a very small beverage that she thought wouldn’t fill her up too much. But, about halfway through the film she realized she’d forgotten to go before Brandon had arrived for their date. Gazing at the clock now, she saw it had been well over 6 hours since her last pee.

Brandon, whom was driving with one hand on the wheel and the other occasionally palming his crotch, was not any better off than she was. He cursed himself for drinking a large soda during the movie. He cursed himself for not going RIGHT before he’d left to pick Courtney up. He looked at the clock, it had been about 4 hours since he’d last relieved his bladder and it was screaming. It was screaming so loudly that Brandon wanted to scream as well. He managed not to shout, but he did moan out the words “Ohhh, I have to pee SO bad…”

Courtney, so focused on her own predicament that she’d failed to notice her boyfriend’s, gave him a quick glance. Poor guy looked miserable! He’d undone the button on his pants, letting a moderately sized bulge in his abdomen become pretty visible. Courtney shoved a hand up against her crotch and flexed her thighs. “Me too…” she managed. “I— I think there’s a bottle in the back, if you need—“

“No,” Brandon interrupted. His voice was sharp and insistent.

Assuming he just didn’t want to use a bottle when he knew that her own anatomy would make it extremely difficult for her to do the same, she assured; “I don’t mind. I can hold—“

“I— I don’t… I don’t go in front of people,” Brandon said. “It’s too…”

“…Oh,” Courtney said, and now she understood. The reason Brandon always appeared desperate for a bathroom at the end of their dates was because he was constantly holding it. Because he was shy. Because he was like her. “Well, I’m the same way,” she told him.

“Oh,” Brandon echoed. That made sense. He was surprised he hadn’t guessed that already. But, while he’d been reassured several times that lots of men were shy pee-ers, it had never crossed his mind that there were women who were as well— He always saw them go to use the toilet in groups, after all. He’d kind of just assumed women were all more open about that sort of thing than he could ever be. He felt pretty silly for thinking that way now.

The traffic kept stalling, and both of them kept fidgeting and wriggling and hoping for it to clear. Courtney did not offer Brandon the bottle again, even as sweat started to slide down his face and his teeth gnashed together with discomfort. Many times when she was younger and had gone out somewhere with her family, Courtney’s mother would say something like “Go use the restroom, Courtney. I can see you’re having an emergency. Just go try.” And that sort of thing would just dunk Courtney straight down into a hot vat of shame. She’d be much too embarrassed and self-conscious after hearing that kind of remark to go use the restroom! It made her feel like she was being monitored, like her bodily functions were a top priority. And, it would make her hold it in even longer than she would have otherwise.

When she and her family returned home, instead of going to the bathroom as soon as everyone else was out of earshot, she’d make herself hold it even longer. She’d make herself hold it until she was sure everyone had forgotten all about what her Mother had said to her. Only then would it be safe and okay to go pee.

She didn’t want to make Brandon feel that way, so she didn’t tell him “Brandon, you look like you’re gonna burst. Just try to go in the bottle so you’ll feel better.” As well-meaning as that may have sounded to others, she knew from experience that Brandon would just feel humiliated.

So, they both held it until the traffic cleared up. They held it and held it as their bladders swelled and began to form little, harsh bumps in their middles. They held it and held it as they twisted every which way. Then, finally, they’d reached Courtney’s home and Brandon dropped her off. She didn’t want to say anything for fear of putting him on the spot and embarrassing him about it, but she wondered if he would ask to go here.

He didn’t. He just drove off, obviously determined to make it to his own place for relief.

Speaking of relief, Courtney hurried into her dark, empty home. She lived on her own now, so the toilet here was always easy to use. Which was what she did as soon as she was through the door. The straining ball of tension in her core eased away into nothingness, and she felt much better.

After that day, they noticed one another’s needs more. It was now just generally understood that whenever the two of them were out, they’d be holding back very full bladders by the end of the day. They grew used to seeing each other squirm, and to the sight of the firm protrusions that their bladders would make form in their middles after a while. They didn’t really talk about it too much, but they were both comfortable telling the other when they were bursting to go, if only to give a voice to the thunderous complaints taking place within.

They loved each other, they both loved that they’d found someone they had so much in common with. Their bladders were similar in more ways than just the shyness alone. They both seemed to have around the same capacity, so eventually they agreed that the maximum amount of time they could be out before their desperation became horrid and painful was about 10 hours. So, they scheduled dates accordingly, always managing to return to their homes before the pressure inside them got to be torturous. And they always made sure to consider the possibility of getting stuck in traffic. They were good at making preparations, at planning ahead.

But, even the best planners can’t hope to anticipate every possible outcome.

And, there came a day when things went wrong, and both Brandon and Courtney’s bladders were really put to the test.

They had decided to go to a concert together. It was going to be a long drive, but both were careful to pee right before leaving their homes. By the time they arrived to the concert 3 hours later, neither really felt much of an urge to go at all. The concert also wasn’t supposed to last too long, so they both felt that they could handle having a few sodas during it. 4 hours later, with the concert having wrapped up, Brandon and Courtney definitely needed to pee quite a bit, but they’d both held much more for much longer before. There was no reason to worry about the 2 hour drive back.

The problem was that it turned out they still had a lot more than just 3 hours left to wait. A massive wreck had occurred on the highway and parts of it had been shut down while it was cleared up. With their only way home blocked off, they were effectively stuck at the event center for the foreseeable future.

Brandon tried not to internally panic as the pressure inside his bladder, which had felt dull and manageable a moment ago, seemed to just sky-rocket. This was the most stressful thing about being pee shy to him, there were times when he’d think he’d planned everything out right and would be home before he was having a terrible emergency, only for something completely unexpected to happen and force him to keep holding with no end in sight. Brandon generally got nervous when he couldn’t easily work out how much longer he was going to need to endure until he could go, and the anxiety always made his muscles tense up; Nerves inadvertently squeezing down onto his aching bladder.

Courtney was worried as well. Had she known she was going to need to spend this extra time enduring a full bladder, she would have reconsidered her choice in drink size… There was nothing to do for it, though. She couldn’t go back in time and undo her mistake, she couldn’t do anything to make the road open up again. Just as she’d done so many times before, all she could do was hold it in and keep waiting.

They stayed in the lobby of the event center, periodically checking their phones to see if the road had re-opened yet. After 1 hour of waiting, Brandon occasionally caught his gaze drifting to the door of the men’s room as it continually swung open and shut. He wondered how all those guys could just be so… Okay with relieving themselves in a big room crowded full with other people. Didn’t they ever stop and think about how strange it was to unzip and expose oneself when all anyone would have to do would be to tilt their head over slightly to see EVERYTHING?! Didn’t they ever consider how humiliating it was to have the sound of their pee-stream echo for everyone to hear?

Apparently not. Apparently, for most people, it never even crossed their mind to be embarrassed by doing something so utterly private where someone could easily see and overhear. As Brandon’s bladder sent a few more pangs through him, strong enough to leave him crossing his legs, he wished again that he could figure out what their secret was; How they could be so comfortable and relaxed about something so very embarrassing. He’d long ago given up on ever being able to understand it, he knew it would never ever be that easy for him. He knew that he would always have one choice and one choice alone; Holding it.

After another hour, Courtney too was occasionally looking at the women’s room, and at the humongous line pouring out of it much like urine wanted desperately to pour from her bladder. Like Brandon, she couldn’t understand how all those women could just… Line up like that. Putting it on full display that they needed to pee. Everyone who walked by and saw that line knew every girl standing there had a full bladder and was about to go empty it. Didn’t that make them feel at least a little self-conscious? Courtney could never stand in line for a restroom. Even if all she’d intended to do in there was wash her hands, she’d know everyone would be THINKING about her going in there to pee.

Several of the girls in the line were jiggling around, Courtney noticed, clearly very desperate to go, just like she was. But, unlike her, their relief was coming very soon. Courtney shifted her weight from foot to foot and tried not to think too hard about it. She turned back to Brandon. “Any updates?”

Brandon looked at his phone and shook his head. “Still stuck,” he said, his hips twisting and turning even more than they had been when he’d danced with her during the concert. “I have to go SO bad…” he added in a whisper, worrying at his lip.

“I know,” Courtney said. “I do, too…”

Brandon winced as he saw the men’s room door bang open and shut yet again. He got a glimpse of the row of urinals, at the guys standing at them and easily letting it flow. God… How could they DO that? They were literally visible from the doorway, but they were still just… Peeing like it wasn’t a big deal at all! Brandon stomped his feet against the floor, the waistband of his pants was starting to feel way, WAY too tight. It was like it was a torture device specifically designed to squeeze the life out of his poor bladder. With trembling hands, he unbuttoned them and breathed out a small sigh of relief as the pressure slightly dissipated, like letting a puff of air out of an over-inflated balloon.

Courtney saw him do this, of course. She’d known Brandon long enough to know that he always unbuttoned his pants when he was getting desperate for a toilet break. His bladder just seemed to need that extra tiny bit of space to expand. She saw the newly exposed skin there, she saw how taut it was, she saw the firm, little swell in his middle that meant he was achingly full of pee.

Courtney knew she no doubt sported a similar bulge. She gripped the waist of her skirt and pried it away from her abdomen. This gave her a momentary respite from the harsh pressure still pounding against her tense sphincter, and gave her a view at the increasingly engorged situation taking place in her core. Where normally her stomach was flat, it was now beginning to curve into a tight ball. A tight ball that was only going to get bigger if she didn’t make it home soon.

She bounced on her feet, but rather than alleviate her desperation, the action seemed to somehow only make it worse. Every time she lowered herself back to the ground, a pang of intense urgency would shoot into the soles of her feet, up through her legs, and then slam full force into her straining bladder like a hammer. Yet, even though her new pee-dance was only succeeding in making her even more uncomfortable, she couldn’t make herself stop. The needling, nagging need to MOVE would tingle through her right away if she ever tried to cease her frantic motions. “Now?” she asked.

Brandon checked his phone, “Th—The road’s open again,” he said. “B—But it says traffic is really, really backed up…” His thighs tightened. He was used to driving on a full bladder, but it was never very fun. He needed to keep at least one hand on the wheel, leaving him with only one to use to plug up his ‘spigot’ and prevent it from leaking. He had to keep his foot angled to use the pedals, making it very hard to cross his legs. He was dreading the drive, but it was the only way to get back home; Back to relief. “You want to go ahead and try it?”

Courtney nodded her head in definite agreement. None of it was going to get any better the longer they waited. The traffic would probably only worsen, and the urgency in her bladder DEFINITELY would. The urgency in her bladder was only GETTING worse now, every second it felt like her kidneys were rudely dumping another wave of urine into a container that couldn’t handle much more of it.

Walking back to the car wasn’t easy for Courtney. Walking had always been one of the most difficult things for her to do while full. Crossing one’s legs while trying to walk in a straight line just wasn’t possible, and the impact of her feet on the ground never failed to shake her bladder like it was trapped in a catastrophic earthquake. Partway through the parking lot, her hands were pressed underneath herself, cupping against her crotch as tight as they could. She tried not to think about the long drive. She tried not to think about how much longer it was going to be now that traffic was so horrendously backed up.

By the time they’d made it to the car, Brandon was squeezing himself tightly and his forehead was shining, wet with sweat. This was bad. This was VERY bad. He’d never begun such a long drive THIS full before. The knowledge that he was still miles and miles from home squeezed a fist of fear around his bulging bladder. He threw open the driver side door and climbed in, watching Courtney hurry in beside him. Brandon didn’t start the car immediately, just curled over on himself, holding his crotch with both of his hands as he fought to catch his breath. “Hfff… Hfff… I need to goooo…” he moaned.

This was another thing Courtney had learned about Brandon. When he had to pee badly, he was VERY vocal about it. Or, at the very least, he sure was with her. His mouth never allowed there to be any illusion as to how urgently he had to get to the toilet. Then again, Courtney wasn’t really one to judge, because as soon as the car doors were closed, she was groaning as she jiggled in her seat. “I’m going to BURST. PLEASE drive fast!”

Brandon slowly dragged himself from his hunched position and fumbled to start the car as he nodded. “I need to pee so bad…” he muttered as they pulled out of the parking lot and immediately into stalled traffic.

“Ohhh,” Courtney cried out at the sight of it. Even though she’d known to expect the gridlock, the sight of it was just… devastating. Her bladder quivered within her, pee pulsing harshly against her sphincter, desperately trying to claw its way out of her body. Her feet spasmed, knocked against one another, and twitched in every direction against the ground. It was like she was trying to do a step-dance while sitting down.

Eventually, she managed to tie her legs into a decently helpful knot, one that made it feel less like the urine inside her was about to push itself right out. Because, Courtney HAD to keep holding it. She couldn’t… She couldn’t do anything else. She couldn’t ask Brandon for a stop, and she most certainly couldn’t GO in front of him. She had to hold it, she HAD to. She had literally no choice.

Brandon drummed the fingertips of one hand against the steering wheel as the other did its best to pinch his opening shut. He stared out the window at the miles of cars that stood between him and his badly needed relief. “Oh, I’m… God, this is bad…” he muttered. He looked to the little patches of foliage that surrounded the road. He knew that a lot of guys in his situation would just fling open the door of the car, duck behind a bush, whip it out and let it flow.

But, Brandon couldn’t. Everyone in the other cars would know EXACTLY what he was doing back there, they’d know he was peeing. And worst of all, they’d know that he’d had to do it VERY badly if he was jumping out of car during stop-and-go traffic just to release his urine. They’d think ‘Oh, that guy’s going to pee, must have been a pretty awful emergency too.’ And, Courtney would see it too! She’d see him break, she’d see him scurry to the bushes, she’d think about how right then, at that very second, he was peeing… No. He couldn’t have that. He just couldn’t.

Courtney, too, was looking out the window. In college, she remembered that after a night of drinking, one of her friends had been desperate for a pee on the way back to their dorm. She’d decided she wasn’t going to hold it a second longer, so had squatted down behind a bush and just… Let it out. Courtney had been surprised. She’d known guys would do stuff like that, but she’d never seen another woman do it. She was stunned that her friend was so willing to. She’d had to expose so much of her body, and the sound of her pee hissing and splashing into the dirt had been so loud and obvious. Even while under the influence of alcohol, Courtney absolutely would never be able to bring herself to do such a thing.

Now, totally sober, there was even less of a chance that she could force herself to ‘water’ the bushes. It wasn’t possible. There were so many people here, all of them would see her hobble and fumble behind the bushes. They’d all be able to tell immediately what was going on, and the image of her squatting and gushing out a torrent would surely be the only thing they could think of. Even if they weren’t TRYING to think about it, she KNEW that it would pop into their heads anyway. And Brandon too… No. The bushes were NOT an option. So, Courtney simply squeezed her eyes shut, pressed her hands more firmly into her crotch, and clenched her thighs until they grew sore.

The cars ahead of them finally started to pick up the pace and Brandon could have cried with relief when he was able to get them moving again. “Gotta pee…” he chanted softly to himself. “Gotta pee.. Gotta pee SO badly…” But, then he had to stop again and he very nearly DID tear up then. He moaned loudly, and tipped his head back to stare miserably at the ceiling, hand still kneading against his crotch. “I’m going to explode!” he babbled. “Courtney— Seriously, I— I don’t think I’ve ever had to go this bad in my life!”

And that was saying a lot, because Brandon had been desperate a LOT. He looked to the car’s clock, it had been over 10 hours since his last pee. It had been beyond the time limit he and Courtney had settled on. It had been beyond the length of time they both knew they could manage free of pain. And, oh, Brandon was sure feeling some pain now… He felt a heinous pinching in his opening, a brimming, intense pressure in his bladder, the skin covering it felt like it was being stretched out unnaturally… When he glanced down, he was stunned by how swollen his abdomen was. He’d seen his bladder protrude lots of times, but never like that… It looked like a grapefruit was poking out of him.

Courtney’s own bulge was of equal size, and it startled her that something like that could actually be inside of her body. She blinked rapidly as she looked at it, certain her eyes must have been playing tricks on her. But, they weren’t. That hard, swelling orb really WAS there. It really WAS a part of her.

No wonder it hurt so much. No wonder it felt like her sphincter was being lit on fire. No wonder the pressure in her body was scorching and thrashing, and making her feel like she was going to actually explode. Not only did her bladder FEEL like it was going to burst, it LOOKED like it was about to burst right out of her, too. “I really, really, REALLY have to go…” she moaned.

Brandon, of course, felt bad. And, he certainly could sympathize! Traffic continued to move at a snail’s pace, it would pick up speed for a few seconds making him think they were finally free, but then he’d have to slam on the breaks again. Every time he stopped, his seat-belt would contract and press into his bladder as if it was trying to squeeze out every last drop contained there. Every time he stopped, he would groan something barely coherent about how much he needed to release his urine.

Judging by the squeaks and squeals that left Courtney’s lips every time they ground to a stop, he knew her seat-belt was not being any kinder to her. At one point, she finally just unclasped it, and Brandon didn’t have the heart to tell her to put it back on. Instead, he just followed her lead. He released his own seat-belt and for a split second, all he felt was relief as his bladder was suddenly granted a little more space. But, the sensation was so much like actually peeing that immediately, his legs were snapping together and he was bouncing up and down in his seat.

Courtney stared out the window as they slowly crawled along, her bladder seared away inside her. Her opening felt like it was trembling as it fought to hold the tide at bay. She had to go so badly she swore it was going to drive her crazy. At one point, she saw a man leave his truck and head towards the bushes. She knew what he was on his way to go do, and since she knew it immediately, she was certain she’d made the right choice in not doing the same thing.

3 hours later, when they began to pass by more familiar places, Courtney had drawn her feet up underneath herself, sitting on them and trying to press herself against them. She rocked in her seat, sweat running off her in waves. “I have to peeeee…” she kept mumbling. “I have to peeeee….”

Brandon was squeezing his crotch so tightly that it hurt. It hurt pretty bad, at that. But, he couldn’t help it, if he let go, he would explode for sure. His hand NEEDED to stay right where it was, there was no other option. At long last, he pulled up to Courtney’s house, and watched through his watery eyes as she scrambled from the car.

Just like always, Courtney did not offer him the restroom he so badly had to use. Just like always, Brandon did not ask for it. He just nodded to her, said a quick goodbye, and drove away as Courtney stumbled, half doubled over, into her home. She fumbled with her keys for a moment as she tried to get the door open, the shouts from her bladder getting louder and louder as it recognized how close it was to being released.

Finally, the door was open and she rushed inside and directly to the restroom. She knew that it was strange since she lived by herself, but she always shut and locked the door when she used the toilet here. With that done, she ripped down her skirt and slammed herself onto the toilet seat, her aching sphincter giving out before she’d consciously told her body it was time to release.

The only thing louder than the torrent that hissed out of her then was her moan of relief. “Ahhhhh….” That was the worst she’d had to go in a very, VERY long time, and consequently, this was the best she’d felt while peeing in a very, VERY long time as well. Her whole body was going loose, she felt like she was floating six feet through the air, and it just kept coming, just kept pouring, liquid slamming into the bowl for so long that her legs began to go numb.

Once she was finished, she got herself up onto her wobbly feet and breathed out one more sigh. Now, her mind cleared, she thought that even with all the desperation she’d had to endure, the date had still been fun. And, the way it had ENDED had been great, it had NEVER felt that good just to pee before!

Brandon, meanwhile, was doing his absolute best to get home, but his bladder was dying. His muscles were so sore, completely worn out after— he paused to check the clock— 14 hours without a break! He was so close to his home, but his heart was thundering away in his chest and he wasn’t sure if he could make it!

It had gotten very late while they’d been stuck in that awful traffic jam. The streetlights were all on, the moon was high in the sky. And the residential roads he drove on now were totally deserted. No other cars, no one outside on the sidewalks. He was a few blocks from home when he passed by the entrance to the hiking trails and decided that he COULDN’T take this anymore. He had to GO, and no one was around to see or hear him do exactly that.

He ripped off his seat-belt and dashed from the car, his hands already scrambling like mad with his zipper. A few steps into the wooded area, he’d gotten himself out and his pee was spurting violently into the dirt. “Ohhhh….” he sighed contentedly to himself. He was peeing… Finally, finally he was peeing… So much better. And no one knew about it, either. No one had seen him rush back here with his hands over his crotch. No one could overhear his stream as it splashed into the dirt. He was perfectly alone, free to let it all go… He felt his poor bladder shrink and deflate back to its proper size, the aching swell inside him finally vanishing as he released his burden.

After he was finally, blissfully empty and had zipped up, he stumbled back to his car. His legs were still weak after all of that. He glanced back and forth, confirmed to himself once more that no one had witnessed any of that, and continued on his way home.

That hadn’t been what Brandon had been hoping for when he’d taken Courtney out today, but it hadn’t been too bad. It had ended with the absolutely beautiful sensation of total and complete relief, after all. That was good.

Shy Couple 2

About a week after their long, desperate ride home, Courtney and Brandon were together again and the topic had turned to how badly both of their bladders had been aching that day. It had really solidified to both of them how strong their bladders must have actually been. Most people wouldn’t have been able to make it that whole drive. Most people would have either peed in their seats or given in and forced themselves to go with an audience. But not them. And when Brandon mentioned that, if Courtney had given up at any point, he knew that the sound of her stream would have caused his own pee to burst right out uncontrollably, Courtney assured him that she would never, ever pee in front of him; She just couldn’t do it. Brandon agreed, he would rather hold it until it hurt than do something that was supposed to private right out in public.

That Friday, after finishing work, Brandon came home and relieved himself. He sighed softly. He, of course, had not gone all day and that pee had been just begging to come out. He was about to go to Courtney’s place, but waited a while before leaving. He wanted to make sure she had time to use the toilet before he got there, after all.

He knew they’d both be holding it in for a while tonight, as they’d be spending it together for the first time. Brandon did have a plan, however. He’d simply go once Courtney was asleep. No need to worry about it.

When he arrived at her home, Courtney was having similar thoughts. She’d peed 30 minutes ago and didn’t need to go again at all just yet. She knew she was going to need it eventually, though. She resolved to just hold it until later on in the night. She’d go to sleep for a bit, then when her bladder woke her and asked to be emptied, she knew Brandon would be asleep, so there wouldn’t be any reason that she couldn’t just go.

It was a good plan, they both thought. It just… Didn’t actually end up working.

They ordered a pizza and each had a few glasses of water to wash it down. They even got a little bold and had a couple beers for one of the first times in their lives, all of that liquid beginning to move through them. Neither had had experience with alcohol before, they didn’t know how it would affect them. They’d expected it to make them simply loosen up a bit and be more open— Maybe so open that the peeing thing wouldn’t even matter anymore.

But, that didn’t happen. Instead, the alcohol just made them both sleepy. Very, VERY sleepy, in fact. In spite of his earlier plan to stay up until Courtney began to snore so that he could use the restroom unnoticed, Brandon was out cold as soon as he’d gotten into bed, and Courtney did the same just a few seconds later.

Their dreams that night were troubled. Filled with images of cascading waterfalls, violently hissing rain, dripping sinks and roaring oceans. In Brandon’s dream, the watery labyrinth he’d found himself stuck in soon became too much and he did his best to find a restroom. He found one, but even though he’d been totally alone up until then, when he opened the door he discovered that the room was actually a packed auditorium. A single urinal was set up on the stage before a massive audience, and all their eyes turned to him as he turned swiftly and ran out. He had to hold it. Even though he BADLY needed to just go!

In Courtney’s dream, she eventually managed to escape the waterfalls and lock herself into a restroom that had conveniently presented itself. She was about to lift her skirt and sit on the toilet when she looked above her head. There was a huge camera mounted on the ceiling, the sort of thing that recorded crystal clear, high quality footage for big budget films. She froze, staring at it in horror. What kind of sadist would put that there?! She left the restroom right away, her bladder only feeling fuller than it had a moment ago.

Despite their vivid, desperate dreams and the way they began to toss and squirm around in bed, neither one actually woke up at any point. They slept through the night, their urges to pee growing more and more insistent. And, when morning came and Courtney’s alarm went off, they woke at the exact same time.

The plan had failed spectacularly.

Brandon groggily began to slide out of bed. But, all of his remaining sleepiness evaporated instantaneously when his feet impacted against the floor. It was just a shame that the liquid in his bladder couldn’t have evaporated along with it. Immediately, he was pinching his urethral opening closed between his clenched hands, doubling over until he was basically folded in half. “Holy FUCK!” he exclaimed. His bladder… Holy… This was the kind of need to piss that didn’t mess around. This was the kind of need to piss that, had he been at home and alone to his blessed privacy, would send him crawling towards the toilet on his hands and knees as he begged his body to hang on just a few more seconds. The pressure inside his bladder now was like nothing he’d ever felt before, it was like a punishment from some malevolent and not at all forgiving God.

Courtney hadn’t noticed Brandon’s distress yet, she was too caught up in her own agony. In her dream, she’d felt like an overfull water balloon that would explode and spray everywhere if poked too hard. But, here and now, in the waking world, it felt even worse than that. Nothing existed in the universe for her beyond the swirling vortex of pain that was her absolutely brimming bladder. She felt sharp, wicked pangs assail her urethra, her sphincter seeming to ignite in flame as it tightened well beyond what she’d ever thought humanly possible. “Ahhh—! Shit—!” she moaned, cupping herself tight as she danced from foot to foot. God… She needed a bathroom NOW.

Her ordeal was nowhere near over, though. She would not be using the bathroom for a VERY long time. She looked at the clock, it had been close to 14 hours since she’d last urinated, and her next pee was still MANY hours away. Because, she and Brandon were not parting ways just yet. They’d actually booked a trip for this weekend, and somehow the fact that their bladders were going to need draining during all that time had failed to cross their minds.

Brandon remembered this now as well. He couldn’t pee NOW, and they had to catch a bus to get to their destination soon. He wasn’t going to be able to pee during that ride. They’d get to the hotel, and unless he could find a brief window of opportunity, relief would not come THEN, either.

He couldn’t be expected to hang onto… THIS all weekend, could he? He’d be more pee than human by then! His bladder was already so full that it was protruding slightly outwards against his boxers, by the end of the weekend it would probably bloat so much that he wouldn’t be able to fit through doorways anymore!

They could cancel it… But, no. They’d made the reservations, and they were expensive. The hotel didn’t do refunds. “We have to go,” Brandon said gently.

“I KNOW,” Courtney moaned. “I have NEVER had to go THIS bad before!”

That hadn’t really been what he’d meant… “I meant, on the trip. We have to go on the trip.”

Courtney struggled to nod, “L—Let’s get dressed,” she said.

Brandon fumbled a shirt on over his head, and winced as the bottom of it brushed very, very gently against the grapefruit sized swell straining in his core. Pulling his pants on was much worse, though. When he buttoned them, the added bit of pressure brought tears to his eyes. And then he ZIPPED them which was a horrific tease on his bladder. So many times in the past, when the sound of a zipper being moved hit his ears, that was a cue to his bladder that he was juuuust about to empty it. It swelled further and convulsed with confusion when a few seconds ticked slowly by and he was still forcing it to contain everything inside.

Courtney struggled into her clothes as well. She deliberately picked things that she thought would give her bladder more room. No tight pants, and definitely no belts. She pulled on a simple, loose skirt, but even the un-constricting waistband of that garment made her bladder ache and shudder. As she pulled her shirt on, her knees buckled at a vicious, furious pang from within. She instinctively started to crouch down, as she would if she was about to empty her bladder outdoors— Something she had never actually done in her life. Her body was spasming wildly outside of her control, resorting to its most base instincts.

They went into the front hall after that for shoes. Courtney had wanted to wear a new, fancy pair of sneakers she’d gotten, but the idea of bending down to lace them right now sounded like it would be even more painful than crawling through ten miles of broken glass. She chose to slide her feet into her flip-flops instead. She felt bad for Brandon. All he had were the shoes he’d worn when he’d come over yesterday; And those had laces.

Brandon slipped his feet into them easily enough, but when he knelt to tie them his bladder contracted hard into itself. It felt like it was being twisted in every direction, felt like it was being squeezed and strained inside of a fruit juicer. Like his own body weight was doing everything it could to force all of his liquid out in one huge bursting gush.

He didn’t release a drop, though. He COULDN’T release a drop. He had to hold it. He had to wait. He finally stood back up. “Ohhhh,” he grunted. “I— I feel like I’m going to explode. I mean like, actually, literally explode. This is the worst I’ve ever needed to go.”

Courtney, bouncing and rocking as she headed out the door, could only nod. She couldn’t remember ever needing a toilet this badly in her life, either. And what shocked her the most was how her urge somehow kept getting worse! She’d thought that, surely, there had to be a plateau at some point. A moment at which it became physically impossible for her bladder to feel even more full even if there WAS more urine being forced to slosh around inside of it.

They slowly made their way to the bus drop, dragging their swollen, rock-hard bladders the whole way. Brandon kept chanting to himself in a whisper; “I need to pee, I need to pee, I need to pee…” but even to himself the words sounded like an understatement. He’d ‘needed’ to pee last week in the car. He’d ‘needed’ to pee at the end of all those long bathroom-break-free days at work. He’d ‘needed’ to pee each day when he woke up and had to scurry to the toilet to unload everything that had built up over night.

This, though. This wasn’t even a ‘need’ anymore, this was something that went way beyond that. This was a level of pain and agony that he could hardly believe a person could actually experience. If he’d felt this intense amount of hurt any other time, for any other reason, he’d be dialing for an ambulance, certain he must have been close to death.

While they waited for the bus, they noticed people looking at them, noticed people staring at their frantic, urgent dancing. They both knew everyone around them could tell. Everyone around them was under no illusion that they were each carrying around gallons of unshed pee. Courtney just had to hope no one said anyth—

An older woman approached them. She had a friendly smile on her wrinkled face, and Courtney knew she was only trying to help them out, but when she spoke the embarrassment made Courtney wish the ground would swallow her up anyway. “You know, if you two need a bathroom I bet I can convince the driver to wait a few extra minutes while you go. You have time.”

Courtney shook her head, “N—No, that’s fine. We can wait,” she said. Her bladder sent her a furious pang, trying to argue how much IT didn’t WANT to wait.

The woman looked at them dubiously, “Well… I think there’s a toilet on this bus,” she said. “I hope so anyway, it’s a long ride…”

The bus arrived, and when Brandon and Courtney boarded they did see a little door in the back that likely housed a portable toilet. Neither made any move to go use it, of course. They just sat down on a seat and resumed their desperate wriggling. “I. Need. To. Go.” Brandon kept gritting out through his clenched teeth. “I. Need. To. Go. So. Freaking. Bad.”

“It really hurts…” Courtney whimpered to him. It did, too. Her bladder was just so freaking swollen that the agony was making her dizzy. When the bus began to move, she felt every last little bump in the road. Every tiny pebble the wheels went over sent shocks of pain coursing through her body. It made her legs spasm and tangle and knot together. It made sweat bead down her face. It made her want to scream if only to give a physical voice to the shrieks constantly taking place inside of her.

She stared out the window, trying to gauge how close they were to their destination. But, of course, she knew they’d only just started. They wouldn’t be arriving for ages. And, who knew how long after that she’d still have to hold on? She could not run straight to the women’s room in the hotel lobby no matter how much her bladder tried to convince her to. She could not immediately use the toilet in their room, either. Brandon would be there. The easy solution may have been to tell him to go wait outside the room, but that wasn’t any good either. He’d still know WHY she wanted him gone, he’d know she was going to pee. She couldn’t have that.

“Ooooh,” Brandon moaned, flopping back in his seat as the bus went over a particularly large bump. His bladder felt like it was thrown right up into his throat before slamming back down into its proper place. “Gotta peeeeee… Please… Please… Hold it… Hold it… I need to go so bad…” He’d been gripping his crotch so tightly and for so long that it was starting to feel numb. His hands were practically magnetized to his dick, as if stuck their with the most powerful glue on Earth, and every other second his urethra would start burning and twitching and BEGGING him to please just let it relax for a minute! Please, please, just one minute! His bladder pleaded with him, wishing that he would just UNDERSTAND that his pee had to come out RIGHT now!

He held it, though. He held it and held it and held it. When he saw someone else get up to use the toilet in the back, his bladder spasmed violently. No way did that man need to go as badly as Brandon did. Brandon should be the one using that bathroom now, not that other guy! Brandon should be in there, at this very second, releasing the biggest flood of his life. But… But, he just couldn’t! The bus was crowded!

Everyone on it would see him stumble back there, everyone on it would know he was about to let out an entire ocean worth of piss… And, and if he got up NOW to go, he’d be locked outside the door of the restroom, waiting on that other guy to finish. He’d be bobbing and weaving and squeezing, pathetically writhing outside the door to a bathroom as everyone watched. And when the door finally opened, he was sure he’d lose all control and run inside like he was trying to escape a vicious bear, and everyone would see and KNOW how bad it was for him. He couldn’t. He absolutely couldn’t.

Hold it.

No other choice.

The bus ride lasted around 5 hours, marking 19 hours since Brandon and Courtney had last given their exhausted sphincters a moment’s respite. The bus stopped fairly close to their hotel, which was good. They’d only brought one bag each, meaning they’d both have a free hand to grab themselves with, which was also good. When they got to the hotel, they went to check in, and that was less good.

The man behind the counter looked at them. “Long ride?” he asked. “There are restrooms just over there,” he pointed off.

Brandon blushed warmly. “J—Just the room, please…” he managed to choke out around the lump of embarrassment and agony in his throat. He was NOT going to use that restroom. Especially not since that guy could tell how much he needed it, it would be so much more humiliating now if he booked it to the toilet with that guy watching him. He had to hold it. He just HAD to.

“Ah, alright,” the man said. At least he hadn’t pushed it… He handed Brandon the room key.

Courtney and Brandon took the elevator up to their room, set down their bags, and used their now free hands to get better holds on their bladders. They tried hard NOT to look at the door to the restroom they both needed so badly to use. “What did you want to do?” Brandon asked finally.

What Courtney most wanted to do now was pee. But, it was also what she most DIDN’T want to do with Brandon here! “Uh—Um… We could go eat?”

“Sure,” Brandon said. “Food is… Is good…” he stumbled over his words. “Let’s— Oh my God, I need a freaking PISS— Let’s go.”

They went to the closest restaurant to the hotel, neither one feeling up to taking a long walk when their bodies were already working overtime to restrain buckets of piss. While they ate, they didn’t shy away from drinking from their glasses of water. While their bladders may have been hydrated enough for an entire army, the rest of their body parts weren’t. They had head-aches, and their throats were scratchy and dry. So, even if they had a lot of liquid that wanted to come out, they knew they still had to put more in.

Hopefully, by the time the new water finished pulsing through them, they’d have found a way to relieve themselves at least once. It had to end eventually, surely? They hadn’t peed in close to 20 hours now, it couldn’t last much longer. There must have been an end in sight…

But, after they’d finished their meals and decided to go to the nearby beach, it didn’t seem that they were anywhere close to an end. At one point, Brandon actually left Courtney for a minute to go purchase a bottle of sunscreen from a kiosk. But, even left to her own devices for a little bit, Courtney still couldn’t use the opportunity to go pee.

She saw the building that housed the beach’s restrooms and, more importantly, she saw the line stretching out of it. A line of people who would see her jiggling and jumping and twisting, so clearly dying for one of the toilets housed inside. And then, once she’d finally gotten to one, all of those people would hear it loud and clear when she released her stream into the bowl. They’d hear it hiss, they’d hear it splash, they’d hear her sigh with the relief of letting it go.

Absolutely not.

No matter HOW bad she needed a toilet, she couldn’t use any of the ones here. She shifted from foot to foot, her bare toes getting coated in sand as she hopped. Her bladder was stretching and twisting inside her, and she swore it seemed to be straining in the direction of the restrooms, as if trying to drag her there itself. Her hands pressed even tighter against her pee-hole as she tried to remind it of who was really in charge.

Brandon, meanwhile, had gotten the sunscreen. He was grateful the man selling it hadn’t chosen to point out the restrooms to him, although he knew his desperation must have been clear as day. He could hear the roaring ocean splashing against the beach, and it reminded him of the tortuous dream he’d had before. The beach had been a bad idea… But, the only reason they’d come here to BEGIN with was to go to the beach, all of this would have been a waste if they didn’t visit it.

Still, his eyes remained fixed on the lapping waves, the liquid in his bladder feeling as though it was moving in time with them. When the waves went up, his bladder lurched alongside them. “Ohh… Gotta go…” he mumbled quietly in his misery. People… People peed in water all the time. And, he knew, all the fish in the ocean were definitely peeing in it, too… It would feel so good to run into the ocean, get to a point where the water covered his waist and just… Let go.

But, with as much as he was holding back, he knew the change in temperature to the water would be easily noticed. And, he doubted he’d be able to bite down his moans of relief as his pee flowed out. It would be obvious someone had peed in the water, and it would be obvious that Brandon had been the culprit. He couldn’t do it. He had to keep waiting.

He returned to Courtney with the sunscreen and they helped each other put it on. It wasn’t the easiest thing in the world as neither of them could hold still for even half a second anymore. The ways their bodies moved was no longer within their control. All of their control had to go towards their bladders, and on willing them to stay shut. As Courtney rubbed sunscreen into Brandon’s back, he kept jumping around and bending over and whimpering “I need to go, I need to go!”

When Brandon did the same for Courtney, she nearly fell to her knees as she moaned “I’m going to burst!” Her bladder hurt so much. Everything below her waist hurt, actually. Her legs were sore from how tense she’d forced them to be all day. Her feet ached from all the times Brandon had accidentally stepped on her bare toes while bouncing his knees. Her urethra stung and burned with all the effort it was being forced to exert. She could hardly believe this amount of agony was physically possible to endure.

But, endure it she did, because in her mind she had no choice.

They stayed at the beach for a while, watching the waves as they’d planned to do before, back when they hadn’t been thinking about how painfully desperate they would both likely be. Every so often, one of them would comment to the other about the severity of their need. “It feels like there’s pee all the way up to my throat…” Brandon groaned.

“I feel it everywhere,” Courtney said. “My back hurts, my legs hurt, my chest hurts… I feel like I’m drowning in it.”

After an hour, they decided to go back to the hotel. They were both totally exhausted, even though they’d barely really done anything today. Amazing how big of a workout they’d managed to get when they’d been sitting down for most of the day’s activities. Courtney noticed the guy at the hotel lobby’s front desk staring at them as they hobbled to the elevator instead of the bathrooms they obviously had to use.

Once in their room, Courtney sat on the bed and shoved her hands firmly against herself, bouncing and bouncing and bouncing. Holding herself didn’t help anymore, though. Neither did squirming. Nothing helped. Nothing made the intense, physical strain inside her feel any less painful now. Again, she was shocked it had actually gotten worse. But, when she looked down at herself she could tell why; The bulge in her center had grown over the course of the day, protruding outwards like she had a beer gut.

When she looked over at Brandon, his hands digging against his crotch as he performed a stationary march in one corner of the room, she could see that his middle was just as swollen as hers. So much liquid, and he hadn’t been able to release a drop of it! “I need to pee….” he chanted, those were quickly becoming the only words he knew how to say. “I need to pee! I need to peeeeee!”

A horrific agony shot through his back, reverberating just below his rib-cage. He’d never felt anything like that before in his life. It was like his body was trying to find any empty crevice it could to shove more urine into, the pressure filling him up absolutely everywhere, and he just had to go. He had to go so much. He had to go so, so, so—

It didn’t register to him that his phone had begun to ring until Courtney pointed it out to him. Painfully, he removed one hand from the vice grip it still had over his crotch and retrieved the phone from his pocket. He saw that the person calling was Veronica, one of his other friends. And since it was Veronica, he knew he had to take this call outside of the room; Veronica was helping him prepare a surprise for Courtney for Valentine’s day, and he didn’t want it being ruined by her overhearing. “O—One minute,” he said to Courtney as he stumbled back out into the hallway.

Courtney watched him leave, waited for several seconds to make sure he’d be gone long enough, then bolted for the restroom. She could go now! She could finally actually go now! She slammed the door shut, clicked the lock closed, lifted her skirt and launched herself onto the seat.

One thing she’d learned about herself was that, when she was super, super desperate to pee— A thing that happened to her pretty often— it would take a moment for her body to register that she was on the toilet and finally ready to go. These last few seconds tended to be the worst, she was so eager for her ordeal to be over and she hated that her body made it last even a tiny bit longer.

Her bladder finally did give out, however. There was no gentle beginning to her stream, no slow starting dribble, no first few drops. As soon as she was going, she was REALLY going; Her stream was blasting out of her with a such a loud hiss it echoed in the small room. “Ahhhh…” she gasped, overcome by the relief as 22 hours of suffering came to an abrupt and extremely pleasant stop.

Her pain was instantly replaced by pleasure, her agony pushed to the side by euphoria. She was peeing, and she never ever wanted to stop. She wanted this beautiful, sweet, oh so satisfying feeling to last forever. She wanted to feel this way for the rest of her life— For the rest of eternity, even. It just felt so good she barely knew what to do with herself, she just sat there and shuddered and moaned as her body experienced shockwave after shockwave of delight.

It did stop eventually, of course. Her bladder was not bottomless, her stream had to have an end. She sat there for a few more seconds as she tried to catch her breath, her eyes slowly peeling back open when she finally stood. Standing was so easy now. Everything was so easy now. Her middle was flat again, no longer bloated and quivering with need. It was over…

She stumbled back into the main room a few seconds later and collapsed onto the bed. She was so tired out after the longest hold of her life.

Meanwhile, Brandon was stumbling through the hall, one hand clamped around his crotch and the other clasping his phone to his ear. “O—Okay,” he stammered. “S—Sounds like you have everything worked out, right?”

“Yeah,” Veronica said. “Are YOU okay? Your voice sounds weird.”

“I—I’m great,” Brandon said. “I haven’t pissed in 22 hours and I’ve never felt better in my life!”

Veronica went quiet. “Um… Wow… Did you say 22 hours?”

“Y—Yeah,” Brandon said. His eyes were bouncing around in all directions. He didn’t see anyone in this hall. No one around to witness his squirming and jiggling and writhing. “S—So, anyway. The flowers are gonna be delivered to your place, I’ll c—come pick ‘em up on Valentine’s day. Y—You just…” He trailed off. He’d been pacing up and down this hallway for several minutes, but now he’d noticed something very important; There was a door with a sign containing pink and blue stick figures right there… One glance at the door knob told him it was meant for a single user and would lock. He looked back and forth again, confirming once more that no one was out here but him.

There was a restroom RIGHT there, and he could USE it. Good God, how he wanted to use it!

“Brandon…?” Veronica asked

“Yeah, you just make sure t—to water the flowers before I come get them,” Brandon said (And, wow, could he ‘water’ the Hell out of some flowers right now…) “Th—Thanks for helping."

“You’re welcome,” Veronica said. “Bye.”

As soon as he was off the phone, Brandon shoved open the door to the restroom and slammed the lock into place. He did not dare turn around and look at the toilet, not yet. Not until his zipper was DOWN and nothing was in the way of what was sure to be a ridiculously fierce stream of urine.

He fumbled the button on his pants apart, beginning to pant with relief already as a little of the pressure faded. He yanked his zipper down and freed himself. Then, he turned and rushed over to the toilet. He was already peeing a couple steps away from it, but apart from a small splash hitting the rim of the bowl, that was fine. Everything was fine now. Everything was so wonderfully fine now because he could LET GO and RELAX. “Hahhhhh…” he moaned, his head tilting backwards as his mouth hung open. His pee flowed so hard into the water in the bowl that some of it splashed back at him, but he couldn’t care about that. He couldn’t care about anything. He felt too good to care.

It had never, in all his life, felt this amazing to urinate. He’d had a lot of ridiculously relieving pees in his past, but this topped them all by far. He felt like he could float away at any second, he felt so light, he felt so, so good…

He peed for a very long time— Of course he had, he’d been holding that in for almost an entire day, after all— When his stream finally dwindled away, he stayed right where he was. He wanted to make sure it was really all out of him. He didn’t know when he’d next have the chance to go again. Sure enough, a couple last little spurts dribbled out, and then he was well and truly emptied.

He stumbled backwards as he zipped up and gave one last relaxed moan.

A few minutes later, he was back in the hotel room with Courtney. He could tell she’d used the toilet while he’d been out, and she could tell he’d relieved himself somewhere before coming back. Neither acknowledged it though. Neither asked if the other felt better, it was already so obvious that they did.

No need to talk about it and make anyone feel self-conscious.

*003*2022-03-07 05:29

{{6 minutes ago, Lask said:

Holding Contest is great!

}}

Thanks!
