Cassie at the bat

Author: Secretaccount

*000*2023-02-25 06:14

This is the first piece of fiction I have ever written, let alone fetish stuff. Please critique as its the only way for me to improve. This story contains some harsh language.

Cassie was in a nightmare, that was the only possible explanation. Why else would she be standing in the on-deck circle, down 3 runs in extra innings, in front of what felt like the whole state about to wet her pants like a little girl. She knew she was awake however, the cool spring breeze of the night, the nervous murmur of the crowd, the splitting, burning pain in her lower abdomen... it was all real... too real.

She knew she should have gone earlier, a problem that often reared its head with her. Back at school Cassie had gone before last period, and was more caught up in pre-game rituals then in thinking of a safety trip to the toilet, after all, there would be bathrooms at the park.

A long bus ride, and a water bottle later Cassie was starting to feel the urge, but put it off to help unload the gear. Cassie lived for softball, she always had, and while she wasn't team captain, she always pitched in to help. Her coach had smiled and thanked her warmly, the way she always did, and Cassie waved her off and said "anything to help", like she always did. The comfortable routine, repeated near daily every softball season of Cassie's last 4 years, was easy to sink into, easy to let distract her. It wasn't until a bit later while sipping at a second water bottle, hydration is key after all, that her bladder really started to make itself known.

She had excused herself as nonchalantly as possible, and made her way to the bathrooms, despite its rather nice grounds, the park where the state championships was being played in was not very large, and there were only 4 real restrooms avaiable, 2 for boys, 2 for girls situated on opposite sides of the field. Only 3 toilets per womens washroom was a logistical problem that proved this was built with baseball, and men, first in mind.

Cassie had sighed as she saw a small line outside the restroom she was approaching, but had again been distracted, this time by someone calling her name. Her parents had just arrived, beaming with pride they had talked her ear off. She had tried to hide her need, even with her parents it embarrassed her to have ANYONE know things like that. Her father had noticied, he always did. Her face had blushed redder then her hair when he asked "Something wrong Cassandra?" In that same tone he had always used in their backyard catch sessions when she was younger, when she would try and put off going pee as long as she could to milk every second of practice time. She should have said yes, but something about being called her full name made her feel like she needed to assert herself as an adult. CASSIE was fine, CASSIE didn't need to be told when to use the potty... or so she had thought.

Mercifully ending the conversation, her parents had walked to the stands, and Cassie had finally made it to the bathroom line, her bladder by this point was quite insistent that she empty it. The dull ache of earlier having cruelly shifted to a constant pain, a pressure that needed to go somewhere. The somewhere would have to wait however for as she reached the line, a moment out of her wildest dreams occured. Tyler was approaching her, looking straight at her, waving even. Tyler, the love of her life, the boy...no, the MAN she evisioned the rest of her life with, the man she...had never actually spoken to really, but that wasn't important. What was important was he was cute, the star of the baseball team, and made her laugh, had the great romances of literature needed anything more? The great romances of literature didn't usually feature their heroines soaking their pants though.

Tyler had walked up to her, striking a casual conversation about the season, her recent hitting streak, the success of the boys team and his hopes for her own victory. For her own part, Cassie had stumbled through answers and did everything she could to ignore her bladder. She had to remind herself that that it could just be common courtesy, the baseball and softball teams had grown a mutual respect this season, the first time in 50 years both teams were in the state champioship, and this time they were both the favorites.

The boys had won, and the pressure was on for the girls to fullfill their end of the bargain, but if he was only doing it for appearences he would have went to Bethany, she was team captain. He had come to talk to her however, and it was thoughts of what that meant that filled her mind, even as something else filled her bladder. When the conversation had ended she had snapped back to reality, and reality felt like a burning need to pee. Squeezing her thighs together and trying to seem relaxed she had gotten in line, seeing the other girls in various states of desperation only made it worse.

Shifting, shuffling, and squeezing(though only internally) she suffered through the wait, feeling her bladder start to spasm and contract, willing her to empty it. As she reached the front of the line she was starting to shake a bit, and was sure anyone looking closely would know what was happening, but still she kept her poker face, carefully practicied to give a pitcher nothing but just as useful for hiding her embarassing predicament.

Just as the stall opened however, a young girl, probably no more then 5 or 6 came waddling into the bathroom, tears streaming down her face, her mother gently guiding her by the hand, when the girl saw that she would have to wait, her sobs grew louder. "Mo...mommy I neeeeeeeed to goooooo" she had wailed, and Cassie's heart had won out over her mind and bladder, she would just have to wait a little longer she thought as she let the girl go ahead. It was then she glanced down at her phone, and her stomach dropped, those 2 conversations must have went longer then she thought, the game would be starting any minute now, and since her team was the "home" team for this game that meant she would need to be out there to field at the start. She held out hope for one of the other stalls to open, balling her fists at her side and crossing her legs tight in the privacy of the empty room, but as the time crept on she was out of luck.

Turning to leave she had taken a deep breath, uncrossed her legs, and gave one last longing glance at the closed stall doors. She had exited just as one of her teammates, Veronica, a tall, athletically built brunette, came running up. "What the hell are you doing!?!" Veronica had all but screamed "Games gonna start, coach is freaking out, get your ass over there!"

Rushing off as fast as her legs could carry her, Cassie felt her bladder protest its rough treatment, and nearly doubled over when she got to the dugout. The glares of her teammates were almost to much to bare, but Bethany had taken her aside, seemingly unaware of her true plight, the captain had given her a speech about powering through nervousness, and rising to the occasion. The only thing Cassie wanted to power through was a bathroom door, but she tried her best to look serious and ready.

The game was hell. Every step was pain, every little shift brought her mind to her bladder, and every exertion was a dance with humiliation. Somehow she made it through, but it was far from her best performance. From her spot at shortstop, she was too in the middle of it all to bury her hands in her crotch and hop around like she longed to do. As the innings dragged on, scoreless, Cassie's mind was on only one thing, relief. At her home field, there was a little forrested area by the dougout, she wasnt proud of it, but she and many of the other girls had retreated into it to void themselves in moments of true emergency, but no such luxury existed here. 

The bright lights and staring eyes of the crowd were on her no matter where she went, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. That wasn't entirely true, she could always wait until her team was batting, sprint over to the toilets and pray they were free, but that would mean abandoning the team in the middle of a tense game, and letting them all know she had one again put off going to the bathroom like a distracted little kid. So instead she suffered in silence, thankful that high school softball only played a 7 inning game.

As the top of the 7th ended, and the stadium played a little tune to signal the 7th inning stretch, the only thing Cassie was stretching was her bladder. Some of her teammates clearly knew, a few asked if she needed to pee, but just like with her parents she couldnt bring herself to admit it. "Just nerves" she had said, and they had thankfully dropped it. The 7th inning didnt bring a result however, and extra innings would be necessary.

Cassie felt like crying during the small break before the extra innings started, a break long enough to make a break for the bathroom, but that had given every other woman in the ball park the same idea. She sat like a statue in the dugout, the sounds of her teammates talking sounding like they were miles away, her only focus was the boiling, bursting agony of her bladder. Cramping and shaking she had lost a little bit on her way out to the field, not enough to show thankfully, but enough to feel the dampness, and to make her bladder push for more relief.

The top of the 8th was the worst 15 minutes of Cassie's life. Her pitcher, strong for the whole game seemed to have been solved. The other team blasted a few into the outfield, and got runners on the corners, but the real nightmare came when a routine grounder came bounding towards Cassie. She moved to field it, but as her focus shifted, her bladder took its chance. She leaked a major jet, the crotch of her underwear thankfully catching the most of it leaving only a small, barely visible stain on her white uniform pants. The leak threw her off however, and she missed the ball, the outfielder, expecting Cassie to make such an easy play wasnt in position, and the other team had managed to get a run home, with runners at 2nd and 3rd.

Her face a deep crimson, and her bladder feeling like a jackhammer, Cassie had tried to brush it off, but her teammates, especially the pitcher shot her daggers with their eyes. Cassie's stomach felt queasy, she could barely stand still, couldn't focus. The nerves, the embarassment, the agony of holding, it was all getting too much. The other runs scored, making Cassie's error that much worse, and she couldnt look at her teammates, or the crowd as she slinked back to dugout when the inning mercifully ended. 'At least it was almost over' she thought, 'Everyone hates me now, but at least I didnt wet myself, I still have that...

Her team wasnt done yet though. They rallied back, getting the bases loaded with only one away, and Cassie had to drag herself from her safety corner in the dugout to warm up. She had been openly grabbing herself, because everyone else was watching the field, her legs twisted into a pretzel and her breathing sharp and unsteady. Having to remove her hands, unweave her legs and put on a brave face felt like a cruel and unusual punishment, had she not suffered enough? Was that error not the worst thing that would happen tonight?

Now she was here, standing in the circle, swinging her bat with what she hoped looked like conviction. She prayed that Veronica, who batted before her would knock it out of the park, be the hero for everyone...Cassie more then the others. Her legs were wobbly, when the waves of desperation hit her it took every ounce of self control not to throw down the bat and waddle off like that little girl from the bathroom earlier. She felt like the whole world was a dream,like the only thing that was real was her bladder, her need. Bethany saw her make a pained face, as she twisted and screamed internally.

"Keep calm Cass!" She shouted unhelpfully "Just gotta keep it rolling, lotta game we got left"

That was the last thing Cassie wanted to hear. There was no way to be calm here, the only minor blessing was that at least most people didnt seem to notice her true problem, chalking it up to the stress of the sutuation. But that was small comfort, because it WAS a stressful situation, even without her bladders pleas this would be a stomach churning scenario. Cassie didnt have a hit all game, and her error in the field had put that much more pressure on her, her legs shook, her head felt faint, her bladder... was like a time bomb, one the defusal team found too late, nothing to do but watch the seconds tick down to disaster.

She watched in horror as Veronica struck out. Cassie walked to the plate like she was going to her execution, her shoulders slumped, her face red, her eyes squinted with the pain of keeping it all in. The catcher, who had been messing with her all game seemed to smell the weakness

"Deep breaths red" she teased "1 2 3 and its all over"

Cassie felt another emotion bubble up, almost stronger then her need to pee; anger. She stood tall in the box, pushing the inevitible from her mind, relegating the agony of her bladder to merely fuel for her rage.

The wind-up

The pitch

The swing....and a miss

Cassie nearly swung out of her shoes, the effort of the swing jostling her bladder and causing another leak, with a panic her hands flew to her crotch, and was relieved to not feel any visible wetness, the catcher giggled

"Woaaaah, hey batter batter" she laughed "something got you mad? Was it your little fuck up?" She sneered, and Cassie felt the anger rush back in

"Language" the ump chastised and the catcher laughed again "Id be pretty mad myself if I let everyone down like that" she continued to tease, Cassie tried to ignore her, but it was the anger or the agony, no other feelings could break through, and she settled on fury once again.

The pitch....contact!

Cassie sprinted with all her might at the sound of the bat, her speed was her greatest weapon, and she was almost to the base when the first base coach waved her back, her hit had landed foul. A loud strike, 0-2 the count.

Cassie walked back to the plate, the eyes of the crowd upon her, and in her mind accepted defeat. There was no way she would stay dry, the little sprint had pushed her bladder to its limit, she leaked a few more jets, aware now of a small but visible stain on her uniform pants. She felt the clinging wetness of her underwear, quickly cooled in the night breeze. Win or lose, hit or strike out, she was going to wet herself, and the thought fought for prominence with the other great fear in her mind, if she also lost, she would have nothing...

Standing back in the batters box, she readied herself, but before the pitch came, her bladder threw a strike of its own. The wave of pain overwhelmed her tired muscles, and another jet escaped, now the wet patch was about the size of a softball, and anyone who cared to look could see it. She called for time, stepping from the box and holding out an arm.

"Oh come on!" The catcher complained, but Cassie ignored her, she twisted her legs, shifted her weight, and tried to imagine the crowd looking anywhere else but straight into her soul. The catcher noticed her movements, "Haha, holy shit" she laughed "wait you gotta piss or something red? Hurry it up then, we gotta get you to a potty" she nearly collapsed in laughter, as the umpire scolded her again for swearing.

"The state rules put a timer on batters time outs" he said "Gonna need you to hit" he added with a tone of sympathy. Cassie nodded sheepishly "Uhm...yes sir sorry" she said through gritted teeth, to the aparent joy of the catcher.

The pitcher readied herself. Cassie steeled her nerves, and then heard an awful hissing noise...the damn catcher

"Pssssssssssssssssssssssh, oh imagine how good it would feel" she said, and Cassie felt her control slip, the pitch came...and she crushed it

The ball flew well over the infield, a line drive that didnt have the power to leave the park, but that wasnt the kind of hitter Cassie was. The runners from first and second scored, and as Cassie rounded to second base she saw the ball catch the wall at a strange angle. It bounced away from the outfielder, and Cassie turned for third, startling the runner ahead of her who set off for home.

As she ran she felt it happen, her bladder could take no more. The leaks became full blown wetting, her white pants soaked through. As she pushed with all her might rounding third, she saw shocked looks on the faces of the crowd, felt the urine rolling down her legs. Her mind went blank, skipping the debate part of fight or flight, she was already running might as well stick with that. Her only thoughts were on scoring, then she would at least have some positive here, her life would be over, but maybe she could settle for an isolated hermitage in a cave somewhere as opposed to throwing herself from the cliffs. Her socks drenched, her shoes filling she slid for home...and completed one of the greatest comebacks in school history.

Cassie felt no pride, no sense of achievment. She remained laying on the ground as her teammates and the crowd rushed the field. Her face burried in her hands she sobbed uncontrollably, her bladder still forcing out its contents, surrounding her in a puddle.

There was laughter and from the flashes of light she saw Cassie knew photos were being taken. She broke completely, crying into the dirt. She heard a laugh she knew, and her stomach threatened to take its turn to empty as the anxiety hit her, Tyler was laughing...but it sounded like a happy laugh.

"Woooooo! Hell yeah! Lets fuckin go!" He shouted "Thats dedication right there!" He cheered, and Cassie slowly raised her face, the crowd gathered around her was a mix of players, parents and students, she felt like she wanted to curl into a ball and never be seen again.

"I dont know, that feels a little much" another boy said, but Tyler cut him off "Yeah cuz you dont have the will to win, no fighting spirit" he laughed

"You saying you would piss yourself for a game?" The boy asked eliciting a chuckle from the crowd, "If we win, hell yeah I would" Tyler said proudly, again the crowd laughed.

Cassie stood slowly, her parents were standing at the edge of the crowd, they wore sympathetic smiles, and her father gave her a look that said 'Told ya so'

"Thats why were the best!" Tyler continued "No matter the team we have that passion!" The other kids laughed and shoved him, Bethany and the coach approached the plate, holding out a hoodie to cover Cassie's soaked pants.

The rest of the night was surreal, she held up the trophy, was awarded MVP, and the camera man was kind enough to only shoot her waist up. She knew this would be talked about, but to her pleasant suprise it seemed to be taking on the color of a local legend, rather then a schoolyard bully subject. Walking back to her car, waxing poetic to Tyler about her "will to win" Cassie thought again that she must be dreaming, but this time, she hoped to never wake up.

