Mack

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2017-12-17 07:40

I have been thinking about this story for what feels like forever, but I've been very bad about writing. It will have five chapters, the way I have it pictured, so by posting the first (short, introductory) section, I'm trying to force myself into getting it all written down. We'll see how that works out :)

###

Gina Sanchez groaned and placed a hand over her protruding belly. Her OB-GYN appointment was in 45 minutes, and she had just walked out to the parking lot to find her front tire hopelessly flat.

Gina sighed and reached into her purse for her AAA card and phone.

“I’m sorry, ma’am,” the voice from the hotline said, “but our volume of calls is higher than usual at the moment. Because you’re in a safe area, other calls take priority. It will likely be at least an hour before we can get someone out to help you.”

Gina sighed again and thanked the person on the phone. She looked back toward the school, trying to decide what to do next. She could just call a cab or ride-share, she supposed, and then come back after her appointment.

She leaned back against the car to take some of the weight off of her feet. At six months pregnant, she knew she wasn’t as big as she was going to be, but the extra pounds of pregnancy – not to mention the odd distribution of the weight – took a lot of getting used to.

Although their suburb was reasonably small and welcoming, Gina and her husband, Hector, had lived there less than a year, so she hadn’t made any friends who she felt comfortable calling for help in the middle of the day. While Hector started his surgical residency at the hospital in the city, Gina had gotten a job as an art teacher at the local high school. The position was only half-time; like most schools, the district couldn’t afford a full arts curriculum, so courses were only offered in the morning. Although there were usually opportunities for Gina to sub for other teachers in the afternoons, the job allowed her plenty of flexibility to prepare for the baby.

Of course, that flexibility would be put to the test now. Instead of going to the doctor and then taking the rest of the afternoon to cook and continue preparing the house, Gina would have to work in a trip to the mechanics to get the tire fixed.

Just as she was about to pick up her phone again to order a ride, Gina caught sight of a tall figure walking out of the school.

Dominic Mackenzie - called “Mack,” as any guy with the last name of Mackenzie was legally obliged to be - was an 18-year-old senior. Gina hadn’t had him in class, but every teacher at the high school knew Mack. Everyone knew him, Gina thought, and very few would have done what she was about to do.

“Dominic!” Gina called, waving across the parking lot.

Mack turned and squinted. He hesitated, his face masked of any real emotion, but then started walking toward Mrs. Sanchez’s car.

Gina inhaled deeply. She knew about Mack, of course, but she’d never personally had any problems with him. And ultimately, the important thing about the boy at the moment was that he worked at a local garage, so Gina was reasonably sure he knew how to change a tire.

The unimportant, though not entirely irrelevant thing was that Mack had a fairly outsized reputation at the school. Gina tried not to listen to all of the rumors, of course, bandied about by students and teachers alike, but one set of facts remained undeniable: about three months ago, just before winter break, Mack and another student had gotten into a vicious fight, ending with Mack breaking the other boy’s jaw.

Such violence from a high schooler, especially at a school not at all known for aggression among the students, was bound to create stories. Mack was a gang member, Mack was an enforcer for a drug ring in the city, Mack was the young leader of an underground fight club…Gina didn’t take any of these rumors at face value, but Mack had exactly the kind of quiet personality and lack of social connections that all but urged others to fill in the blanks on his unknown story. Mack’s tall, dark, and broad-shouldered stature only added to the bad-boy persona that the entire school seemed willing to foist upon him.

“What’s going on, Mrs. Sanchez?” Mack asked, quietly but not prohibitively.

The boy was certainly intimidating, staring down at her from under thick eyebrows, but Gina wasn’t fearful by nature. She had a problem, and this young man could help her fix it.

Gina smiled and gestured toward the completely flat tire. “I have a spare in the trunk, but I can’t do it myself. Could you please help me?”

Mack paused. In a split second, unseen by Mrs. Sanchez, dozens of thoughts and considerations flew through his mind. But all he said was “Of course. Can you pop the trunk?”

Gina grinned, relieved. She pulled the trunk open and stepped aside. With practiced hands, Mack lifted the cover and pulled out the lug wrench and wheel wedges.

“It doesn’t take long, right?” Gina asked, more to make conversation than out of any real concern for the time.

“Just a few minutes,” Mack replied, kicking the wedges under the opposite tire. He didn’t mean to be curt, but he hadn’t planned on the ten to fifteen extra minutes. Not that he would have left a pregnant woman in need of help, of course, but keeping his schedule was very important.

“You’re not going to be late, are you?” Gina continued as Mack raised the jack. Mack didn’t answer right away, so Gina continued. “You go Dermot’s in the afternoons, right?” Dermot’s Garage was the mechanic where Mack worked. Apprenticed, really.

“I’ll be fine,” the teen responded. He was now crouched down, loosening the lug nuts from the flat tire.

Gina gave up trying to make conversation. Mack wasn’t being rude, she knew, but if he wasn’t big on chatting – at the very least, not with teachers outside of school – she wasn’t going to force it from him, especially not when he was already doing her a favor.

Mack worked efficiently but thoroughly, removing the flat tire and placing it in the well in the trunk. He stood at the back of the car for just a moment before returning to the front wheel. He placed the spare onto the wheel and began tightening the bolts, alternating back and forth across the wheel to keep the tire balanced.

Gina didn’t really know anything about changing tires, so she didn’t notice the brief, oddly-spaced hesitations in Mack’s work, or how he subtly shifted position multiple times.

Mack had been honest when he’d told Mrs. Sanchez that it wouldn’t take long, but minutes mattered. Mack gnawed on the inside of his lip, glad that the work was almost finished.

The spare in place, Mack lowered the jack and walked to the other side of the car to pick up the wedges. As he stood up, wedges in hand, he froze for a second. Gina, who was inspecting the spare tire placement (not really knowing what she was looking for, other than that it looked straight and secure), didn’t see. By the time she looked up, Mack was returning the materials to the trunk and securing the cover.

“Thank you so much, Dominic,” Gina said, once again using his first name as a marker of professional distinction.

“No problem, Mrs. Sanchez,” Mack nodded once in acknowledgement and turned to leave.

“Can I pay you?” Gina asked, raising her voice to call him back. Mack paused, but didn’t turn around. “I don’t have a lot of cash, but I can give you something for your time-“

“It’s fine,” Mack interrupted, his voice clipped with a sense that Gina couldn’t quite interpret. He was facing away from her, but looked sideways over his shoulder.

“Well, is there anything el-“

Gina cut herself off. There was an odd sound, a kind of trickling that seemed amplified in the school parking lot.

Momentarily confused, Gina started to speak. “Dominic? What-“

But she cut herself off again as she noticed a puddle growing around Mack’s right foot. Instantly, realization snapped into place, and she shut her mouth abruptly.

For several long, uncomfortable seconds that seemed like much longer, student and teacher stood without speaking, with only the terribly out-of-place sound of liquid rushing against fabric before pattering onto the asphalt between them.

When the sound finally stopped, Mack exhaled slowly. The right leg of his jeans was soaked, as were his left sock and shoe.

“Dominic…” Gina breathed, unsure of what to say or do.

Mack kept his feet planted, facing away from Mrs. Sanchez. He knew she couldn’t see the full stain on his jeans, but the sound and the puddle on the ground were plenty incriminating. There’s no way she didn’t know what had just happened.

“That’s just a donut, not a full spare,” Mack spoke softly but evenly over his shoulder. “So you don’t want to go over 50 miles per hour. You’ll want to get it replaced as soon as you can.”

Gina blinked, not quite able to process the past 60 seconds. “Dominic, are you-“

Mack raised his head and met Mrs. Sanchez’s eyes. His gaze was steady and unabashed. “Do you need anything else, Mrs. Sanchez?”

Gina’s mouth was slightly open, but she straightened her neck and tried to follow the student’s lead.

“No, Dominic,” she deliberately kept her voice clear. If Mack was going to continue as if nothing happened, then so would she. “I really appreciate your help.”

Mack nodded and strode away, leaving Gina wondering what exactly had just happened.

*006*2017-12-19 06:37

This is easily the fastest I've ever written a second chapter. I must be avoiding other responsibilities :)

###

Dominic Mackenzie groaned and leaned his head against the steering wheel of his truck. He’d known he hadn’t had a lot of extra time, but he definitely didn’t think that changing Mrs. Sanchez’s tire would have ended quite like that.

Still. Nothing he could do about it now. He had a change of clothes in his backpack (he always kept a change of clothes now), so he’d be able to clean up before getting to work.

###

After an uneventful doctor’s appointment, Gina couldn’t stop thinking about Mack. She’d heard stories of high school students wetting themselves before, but they were rare, and they almost always involved freshman, too shy to ask for be excused from class. She truly couldn’t think of anything that could have caused an 18-year-old to have an accident in front of a teacher. He hadn’t even shown any signs of needing the bathroom…had he?

Gina pressed her lips together as she walked back to her car. Even though she was small (well, not as small as she used to be…) and fairly young, she was still a teacher, which meant that she still had authority over students. Perhaps Mack was overly sensitive to that power dynamic, and he hadn’t wanted to refuse what he thought was an order.

She felt terrible. She’d have to apologize to the boy and let him know that she never intended to make him uncomfortable. Luckily, she had an unexpected errand that could overlap with just such an apology.

Mind made up, Gina pulled out her phone, found directions to the desired location, and drove off.

###

Across town, the old phone on the garage wall jangled.

“Yeah?” Mack answered, knowing that the phone was functionally an intercom, only ever used by his boss. Mr. Dermot, the garage owner, let Mack work in the smaller garage behind the main one, mostly rebuilding engines, but occasionally doing a quick oil change or tire rotation for drop-in customers. Mr. Dermot would always call to let Mack know that he’d sent someone back.

“There’s a tire change coming back to you,” Mr. Dermot’s rasped. “Says she’s a teacher at your school.”

Mack gruffly assented and hung up. He’d already put together the pieces before he saw Mrs. Sanchez step out of her car.

“Hello, Dominic,” she greeted him softly.

“Mrs. Sanchez,” he nodded, already locking the car into place to raise the platform.

Gina hesitated. She hadn’t exactly written out a speech, and now, being alone in a repair shop with a tall, surly teenager made the idea of bringing up his previous indiscretion much less appealing.

“I…didn’t look at the tire,” she heard herself say, temporarily abandoning her intended apology. “I don’t know if it can be fixed.”

“I’ll check.”

He clearly wasn’t interested in conversation, but Gina couldn’t be entirely deterred. As Mack started his exploration of the deflated tire, she worked up the courage to open her mouth again.

“Dominic, I wanted to apologize for what happened earli-“

“You ran over a nail,” Mack interrupted, almost as if he hadn’t heard her. “Right there. Should be easy enough to patch.”

“I-“ Gina stammered for a moment, but then gathered herself. She understood the discomfort of the situation, but she wanted to make sure that Mack knew he didn’t have to be in such a situation ever again.

“I didn’t intend to make…that…”

“This shouldn’t take long, Mrs. Sanchez,” Mack interrupted again. “You can just have a seat.”

“Dominic, please, I never meant to-“

“Mrs. Sanchez.” Mack stopped his work, but didn’t look at his teacher. “Please stop.”

But Gina was determined. “I want you to know that I’m sorry for what I made you do,” she insisted, speaking quickly. “I didn’t mean to force you into anything.”

Mack kept working, sealing the patch to the tire. “It wasn’t your fault,” he grumbled. “It’s just a thing that happens.”

Gina had been ready to keep apologizing, to explain the power differential between students and teachers and how he didn’t have to blindly obey, but something in the teen’s phrasing stopped her. To most people, it might have just sounded like Mack was brushing her off, saying “shit happens,” but that’s not how Gina interpreted it. “…a thing that happens,” he’d said. As if…

“Dominic,” Gina spoke carefully, “is…is this because of the fight?”

Mack drew in a long breath.

###

“Hey, Bigfoot!”

Mack slowed in the hallway and turned around, casually thinking that “Sasquatch” would have been a more sophisticated insult. Then again, the wiry boy standing in front of him wasn’t known for his sophistication.

“You got a problem, asshole?” Conway Fallon sneered up at Mack.

Mack rolled his eyes and started to turn away. Conway had just moved to the school a few weeks ago, and had apparently decided that Mack was the alpha male he’d have to unseat to become the top dog in the senior class. Mack may have been the biggest, but he had no interest in ruling anyone, and he certainly had no desire to have it out with the new kid.

“Hey!” Conway grabbed on to Mack’s arm, forcibly turning him back around. “I’m talking to you!”

Mack clenched his jaw. There was something in Fallon’s eyes – he was itching for a confrontation.

“Whaddya want, Connie?” Mack grunted.

“Don’t call me that,” Conway snapped.

Mack suppressed a snort. This kid acted like he was auditioning to be the villain in a John Hughes film.

“Hey!” Conway yelled again, shoving Mack backwards. “I said don’t call me that!”

Mack shook his head. “Don’t, Fallon.”

“Don’t what?!” Conway taunted, shoving Mack again. “Don’t. What?”

One more shove, and Mack slammed up against the lockers, the immense noise more a result of his own bulk than from any force from the push.

Mack really didn’t want to fight. He knew any retaliation would be unlikely to escape formal punishment, and he could take a few punches. He figured he’d just let Conway get in a few hits, and then it would be over.

“Come on, asshole,” Conway jeered, backing up a bit and shaking out his arms. “Do something!”

And with that, Conway reared back and punched Mack across the cheek. Mack’s head snapped to the side, but even as the lockers rattled dramatically, the only thought going through his mind was that clearly, no one had ever taught Conway how to fight. The punch was poorly placed and fairly weak, largely due to the fact that Conway was a solid six inches shorter than Mack, yet had reached up to aim for his face.

But as Mack almost casually pondered Conway’s subpar punch, Conway kicked at Mack’s legs, taking the taller boy by surprise. Mack stumbled sideways, tripping over a rogue backpack and crashing to the ground.

“Yeah!” Conway shouted, as if he’d just pulled off a UFC-worthy takedown. “You like that, asshole?”

Mack made no move to stand. Surely Conway would be satisfied now.

But Conway’s eyes glinted with malice. He’d never planned on getting this far, and now that he had the biggest, “baddest” kid in school on the ground, he was going to finish the job. Before Mack could react, Conway raised his foot and stomped down, hard, on Mack’s lower abdomen.

Mack let out a surprised grunt, and his vision whited out for a moment. A searing pain tore through him, far more intense than just the blunt impact of Conway’s boot.

All of Mack’s plans for pacifism evaporated in an instant. He reached out, half blind from the pain, and grasped Conway’s ankle, twisting and jerking the smaller boy to the ground.

Conway yelped in pain as he hit the tiled floor, stunned at the sudden turned of events. Mack pushed himself to his feet and stared down at his aggressor. To anyone else, having a six-foot-four young man towering over them, especially one sporting Mack’s current glare, would be more than enough motivation to stay down. But Conway wasn’t most people.

The angry teen scrambled up from the floor. “What, asshole?” he screamed, wild with embarrassment-fueled rage. “What?!”

He raised his fist and threw a haymaker that Mack dodged easily. Mack was no longer in the mood to silently judge Conway’s uninspired dialogue. He just wanted this to be over.

“COME ON!!” Conway shrieked.

Mack clenched his teeth and obliged. With a practiced swiftness, he landed a right hook squarely on Conway’s jaw. He felt the bone crack even before he finished his follow-through, and he knew the fight was over before Conway hit the ground for a second time.

Mack stood mutely as Mr. Osman, the beefy athletic director, pushed through the assembled crowd and barked out demands for an explanation. Conway lay on the floor, not quite unconscious, but definitely dazed. Other teachers joined the crowd dispersal effort, and Mr. Osman took an unresisting Mack by the elbow and guided him to the principal’s office.

Other than a few “yes, sirs” and “no, sirs,” Mack said nothing in his own defense. He’d known what he was getting himself into as soon as he’d reached for Conway’s ankle. For what it’s worth, the principal insisted, Conway would be suspended, too, but the other student was currently being taken to the emergency room to have his jaw wired back together.

Mack paid only enough attention to internalize the important details – he’d serve a weeklong, external suspension, meaning he was not to set foot on school property. The suspension would lead directly into winter break, so he would end up being out for three straight weeks. Witnesses corroborated the fact that Conway had initiated the fight, so no charges would be filed.

Mr. Osman escorted Mack to his locker to collect his things and then out to the parking lot. Mack didn’t have the energy to be amused by being treated like a threat to general school safety; he was crashing hard from the adrenaline spike of the fight, and every step sent a jarring pain through his lower abdomen.

Mack drove home, grateful that it was his day off from the garage. He was sore and exhausted, and he didn’t want his work to suffer.

In the bathroom, Mack moaned involuntarily as he started to pee. Going to the bathroom intensified his pain, and, looking down, he saw red where he should have been seeing yellow.

Grimacing, Mack massaged his forehead with his free hand. Obviously, this wasn’t a good sign, but he didn’t want to take the financial risk of going to the hospital. Instead, he washed his hands, popped a few Advil, and laid down for a nap.

A couple hours later, Mack awoke groggily. The pain in his abdomen was no longer piercing, so he felt better about his decision to avoid the doctor. In the bathroom, he determined that his stream was definitely more normal-colored than before and stopped worrying altogether.

At least until the next morning.

For the first time he could remember, Mack woke up to soaked sheets. Running a load of laundry wasn’t how he’d planned to start the first day of his suspension, but he chalked it up to the excitement and confusion of the previous day. It was mildly irritating, but he was alone and plenty used to doing his own housekeeping, so ultimately, not that big of a deal.

It wasn’t until later in the day that Mack grew more concerned. He was playing a video game when a short pulse of pain made him cringe. He frowned, but the discomfort was gone as soon as it started. The interruption did call attention to his filling bladder, but it wasn’t urgent at all. He could wait until a better saving point in the game.

Less than ten minutes later, though, Mack felt his lap growing warm. Incredulous and stunned, Mack dropped the controller and grasped at his crotch. He dashed to the bathroom, but by the time he reached the toilet, there was barely anything left in him.

Mack stood for a few moments, staring blankly down at the offending wet stain down the front of his sweatpants. He breathed hard for a minute as he considered the implications of wetting himself twice in one day. Of course he was able to make the connection between his current situation and the impact of Conway’s boot the day before, but what could be done about it? He didn’t know a lot about human physiology, but Mack was pretty sure that any trauma to his bladder was unlikely to be a cheap fix.

It’ll probably just heal itself, Mack told himself as he headed to the laundry room for the second time in the past few hours. Just like any other bruise or cut.

Unfortunately, whatever Conway had done to Mack wasn’t a simple bruise or cut, and, over the next three weeks away from school, Mack quickly learned his new limitations.

Though the sharpness of the pain gradually diminished, Mack discovered that he had no more than fifteen minutes after the first notification from his bladder to make it to the bathroom before he would involuntarily release. Even using his hand to hold himself didn’t seem to help, and it only hurt more when he did. After a few days, he stopped waiting for signals from his body altogether and just started using the bathroom every few hours. At work, especially, he would take quick, frequent breaks to prevent any mishaps. Luckily, in the small garage, there was no one to question or take notice of his new habit.

His dad was home for a couple of days over Christmas before heading out again, and by that time, Mack was practiced enough to avoid detection. He and his dad got along well, but Mr. Mackenzie – Big Mack, naturally – was always tired during his brief homesteads, so Mack didn’t face a lot of extra scrutiny.

The only real irritant was the nightly bed wettings. Mack tried a few different combinations of alarms, but nothing fully managed to keep his sheets dry, so he just gave up and chose sleep, instead.

By the time school started, Mack had a good system in place. He’d set up his spring semester so he only had classes in the morning, and would then head to Dermot’s to work in the afternoons. He’d visit the bathrooms before classes started, avoid drinking, then pee at home when he changed for work. He kept a change of clothes in his backpack, just in case, but so far, the only setback he experienced since starting school again was an unavoidable accident when he got stuck in a traffic jam after staying late at the garage one night. It was regrettable, but he was sure no one else could see into his truck, and he dad was on the road, so there was no one to see him when he got home.

So Mack had it handled. It wasn’t an ideal set of circumstances, but he did what he had to do. It was his problem, no anyone else’s, and he was managing just fine.

###

“Something like that,” Mack answered after a brief pause.

Gina watched the young man intently. He still wasn’t looking at her, just diligently balancing her tires.

Mack could feel the teacher’s eyes on him as he worked. On one level, he understood the curiosity. Not many people had ever seen a high school senior wet themselves, he imagined, and his reaction to it – or rather, his non-reaction – probably didn’t make a lot of sense to Mrs. Sanchez.

But it wasn’t any of her business. She was nice enough, it seemed, but Mack didn’t need her pity. Hell, she was going to have her own kid in a few months (everyone at school knew that Mrs. Sanchez was pregnant; Mack wasn’t just making assumptions based on her appearance), so she didn’t have any time to be worrying about some teenager who couldn’t hold his piss.

Mack wiped his hands on his coveralls and pushed the button to lower the platform. “All finished, Mrs. Sanchez. That patch will hold until you get new tires, so you should be fine as long as you avoid driving over any more nails.”

Gina was still staring, trying to process this new, though unconfirmed, information, but she arranged her face into a smile when Mack turned to her.

“Thank you, Dominic,” she said, choosing to act as if this was a completely run-of-the-mill tire repair and not that a student at her high school had just maybe, kind of admitted to semi-regular incontinence.

Mack stepped back from the car when it reached the ground. “You can pay Mr. Dermot up front,” he informed her. “Just tell him it was a standard patch.”

“Thank you,” Gina repeated, trying to infuse her words with all the sincerity she felt. “For this and your help earlier, as well.”

Mack nodded in acknowledgement. “No problem.”

Without anything else to say, Gina smiled again and climbed into the car. She knew there wasn’t anything she could do, at least not right at the moment, and she didn’t want to press the young man any further.

Mack watched as Mrs. Sanchez drove away. He’d largely survived the last three months by doing what he’d done for a long time – staying under the radar. Despite his reputation (and Mack was well aware of all the ridiculous rumors about himself), Mack worked hard to be unobtrusive. He didn’t speak in class, but he paid attention. He was always on time, but never too early. He worked hard, but didn’t suck up, and teachers, peers, and coworkers didn’t really pay that much attention to him when he was around. It was actually quite a talent, to be known and talked about, but never really talked to.

Turning back to the engine he’d been working on earlier, Mack let his mind drift away from Mrs. Sanchez. He wasn’t prone to worry, so he didn’t spend a lot of time ruminating over the possibility of actually being noticed. He didn’t even take Mrs. Sanchez’s class, so it was highly unlikely they’d cross paths again.

Right?

*011*2017-12-29 02:33

Thank you all! I had a little hiccup in holiday break writing plans, but I haven't given up on this story! I hope to get the next chapter done within a week and have the whole thing finished by the end of January. Thanks for sticking with me!

*012*2018-01-05 07:00

The more I write this story, the more I realize it is pretty different than what I've written before. Thanks for giving it a chance :)

###

Gina’s brow remained furrowed for the entire drive home. She knew it was none of her business – of course it was none of her business – but…

It’s just a thing that happens.

It shouldn’t be a thing that happens; Gina was sure of that. And it definitely shouldn’t be a thing that a high school student has to handle alone. Granted, Gina had no evidence that Dominic was alone. She really had no evidence that he was truly incontinent, either. She knew she was being unrealistic, but she had an unshakable feeling that there was more to the story. And maybe it was the just nesting instinct, her evolutionary mental preparations for motherhood, but she couldn’t stop thinking about helping the student.

The day after Gina’s flat tire and Mack’s accident, Gina did her best to watch the young man in school. He didn’t take her art class, but her room was in the seniors’ hallway, so she caught a few glimpses of him through her door. There was no evidence that he was affected by the events of the previous day, nor did he look particularly skittish or desperate. Not that Gina had a lot of data points to go off of just from looking out into the hallway between classes.

At home, Gina tried to distract herself with baby preparations. Her husband’s long hours as a medical resident meant that Gina spent the majority of her evenings alone, at least until 8 or 9 PM, not counting the times he was on night shift or on call. Gina didn’t mind; she’d known what she was signing up for when she started dating a med student, but being home alone left her a lot of time with her thoughts.

And at the moment, her thoughts were largely composed of a certain 18-year-old who acted way older than his age.

Gina told herself that she was being ridiculous. Dominic would graduate in a few months, and she was unlikely to ever see him again. Whatever was going on – if anything even was going on – he had clearly been dealing with it for months on his own. He didn’t need Gina.

And yet…

The following day was another of Gina’s half-days at work. She had agreed to sub in a couple of classes in the afternoon, but she still had a few periods worth of break around lunch. As she wandered into the main office to turn in some paperwork, she ran into Viola Jeffries, the dean of students.

“Good morning, Dr. Jeffries!”

“Hello, Regina,” Dr. Jeffries greeted her. ”Are you subbing this period?”

“Not yet,” Gina responded, fully prepared to be given an assignment. Most of the time, she’d receive her sub schedule first thing in the morning, but occasionally, schedules would shift midday. “But I’m all caught up on planning, so I’m happy to go fill in somewhere.”

“Actually,” Dr. Jeffries looked a bit ashamed at the request she was about to make. “Would you mind running an errand for me?”

Gina shook her head, a bit bemused. “Of course not.”

Dr. Jeffries smiled, relieved. “Dominic Mackenzie called in sick today. Normally, we’d have a parent or a sibling stop by to pick up his missed work, but his dad is out, and since it’s Friday and midterms are coming, we really want to make sure he keeps up on all the material…” Dr. Jeffries trailed off, aware that what she was asking was a bit out of the ordinary.

Gina still had a smile pasted on her face, but she was actively holding back a wince. Not a wince at the being asked to drive work to a student’s house, exactly, but a wince of irritation at the intrusive thoughts now racing through her mind. Dominic was suffering more ill effects of the fight, Dominic had lot total control of his bladder, Dominic was hurting and alone and she could help him…

“Not a problem,” Gina found herself saying as she tried to quell these thoughts. “Just get me his address, and I’ll run the assignments over.”

Dr. Jeffries gratefully passed over the binder of materials she was holding. “Penny will get the address for you,” she said, indicating the secretary.

Gina took the post-it from the secretary moments later and typed in the address on her phone. Dominic didn’t live far from the school, so she’d have plenty of time to get there and back before her next scheduled class.

And that’s all I’ll be doing, Gina told herself. Just dropping off the materials and coming straight back.

The house was on the small side, but looked well-maintained. It was in an unassuming neighborhood of modest houses. The few cars in driveways or parked on the street marked it as a working-class street whose inhabitants all had jobs to do during the day.

Gina double-checked the house number as she parked her car, taking a deep breath. She walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell.

Nothing happened. Gina pressed the button again, leaning in to try to listen through the door. With a house that size, she figured she should be able to hear the alert, but she heard nothing.

After a few more moments, Gina raised her fist and knocked on the door. Sure enough, that action sparked the sounds of movement inside.

A moment later, Mack opened the door. He certainly looked tired – his eyes were bordered by dark, puffy circles – but the fact that he’d come to the door right away calmed any thoughts Gina might have had of life-threatening illness.

“Mrs. Sanchez,” he mumbled, not quite a question, but not quite a dismissal, either.

Gina blinked, but recovered quickly. “I had a free period, so Dr. Jeffries asked me to bring your assignments for the day.”

Mack stared at her for a moment, his gaze mildly quizzical. The storm door was still closed between them, and he made no move to open it.

Gina inhaled, her heart inexplicably aching for the young man.

“Dominic,” she began, severely doubting the likelihood of success of what she was about to do. “Is there anything else I can do for you? Dr. Jeffries said your dad is out, so I just thought, if you were sick, maybe you needed some help.”

Mack rolled his shoulders back, as if being offered help was a constant, repetitive annoyance that he was forced to bear with grace. “I can handle it, Mrs. Sanchez,” he said, gently but firmly.

Gina couldn’t stop the sympathy she felt from showing on her face. “Yes, but-“

Mack opened the storm door, cutting her off. “Don’t believe me? Come on in.”

Dazed, Gina stepped inside, letting the storm door shut behind her, then paused.

As if reading her mind, Mack spoke again. “It’s just food poisoning. I don’t have any virus or anything that’s gonna hurt the baby.”

Resting her hand unconsciously over her stomach, as pregnant women are apt to do, Gina nodded. She was still bemused at the turn of events. She’d told herself that she’d just show up, hand over the materials, and leave, but a not-insignificant part of her had believed that she’s show up, offer help to an otherwise helpless young man, and be welcomed gratefully inside. None of her imagined scenarios had included an invitation that was more of a challenge than a call for help.

Now that she was assured of the lack of contagion in the house, Gina looked around. Much like the outside, the room she was standing in was small but tidy. The house clearly hadn’t been updated a whole lot since being built – Gina guess in the 60s or 70s – but it was clean and well-kept. The wallpaper was worn, but not peeling; the carpet was thinning, but clean. To the right, the kitchen was spotless, with no pile of dishes or even any dust along the bottom of the refrigerator.

Mack had sat down on the couch, looking exhausted. There was a half-empty glass of sports drink (on a coaster, obviously) next to him on the end table, and a rumpled blanket draped over the seat of the couch.

Stepping forward, Gina placed the binder of assignments on the coffee table. Based on the state of the house, Dominic was clearly telling the truth when he’d said he could handle things, but being sick alone was miserable, and she still wanted to see if there was anything should could do.

“Food poisoning?” she asked, by way of starting a conversation.

Mack exhaled deeply, pulling the blanket over himself. “Yeah. Should’ve known better than to eat leftovers from the garage fridge.”

Gina pressed her lips together. “Are you sure it’s food poisoning? Because if you ate dinner last night and are still experiencing symptoms…”

“I didn’t eat it until 3 in the morning,” Mack explained, his voice fuzzy with fatigue.

“What were you doing up at 3 AM?” Gina responded with reflexive exasperation.

Mack’s face relaxed slightly, amused at Gina’s reaction. “I had an exam due at noon today, and I knew I wouldn’t have time to do it at school.”

Gina barely had time to look confused before Mack explained. “I’m taking a few online courses to try to get some college credits out of the way.”

Mack sank back into the couch. Between vomiting and not eating while sick, he effectively had no calories over the past 24 hours, and he was drained.

Gina looked on in pity. College classes on top of high school classes and part-time work, all at age 18? “Dominic, are you here alone? Where’s your dad?”

“He’s-“ Mack started to answer, but his face grew suddenly ashen. Fumbling, he threw off the blanket and lurched toward the small bathroom off of the living room.

Gina watched in dismay as the large teen stumbled to the toilet, sinking to his knees and curling over the bowl, not bothering to shut the door behind him. His body heaved and he spewed bile, keeping his head carefully aimed over the water.

There wasn’t much vomit – Mack was nearly empty after a long morning of throwing up – but the puking took another toll on his body.

The wracking was too much for Mack’s already weakened state, and his bladder started to release. Gina gasped in sympathy as a dark stain grew down Mack’s gray sweatpants.

Mack collapsed further on the floor, leaning back against the bathtub. He was done vomiting, but he didn’t have any strength to cut off his accident. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes, too tired to especially care that he was wetting himself in view of a teacher for the second time in 3 days. The stain expanded across his right leg, and a pale yellow puddle spread over the tile floor.

The trickling stopped, and there were a few moments of loaded silence before Gina took a step closer to the bathroom.

“Dominic?” she called gently, “I’m going to get you a change of clothes, OK?”

Mack hesitated for only a second before humming his assent. “Second on the left, open door,” he murmured.

Gina turned to follow Mack’s directions. The small hallway to the left of the living room had two doors that seemed to be bedrooms, and another bathroom at the end of the hall. She walked into the indicated room, and her stomach sank just a little bit further.

The bed was stripped of sheets, but covered in what appeared to be trash bags held together in a grid by duct tape – a poor man’s mattress cover. Gina tried not to think too hard about the implications of Mack creating his own mattress protector; that wasn’t the issue of the moment.

Instead, she turned toward the dresser and unashamedly opened drawers until she found clean underwear and sweatpants. She took the clothes back out to the front bathroom, where the teen still hadn’t moved from the floor. He inclined his head to instruct Mrs. Sanchez to leave the clothes on the vanity, which she did before returning to the living room and shutting the bathroom door.

Back in the front room, Gina tried to make herself useful, but the only thing she could think to do was refill Dominic’s glass with sports drink from the fridge. The shelves weren’t exactly packed with food, but the basics were all there – bread, milk, butter, a few condiments.

It took several minutes, but Gina eventually heard the sounds of shuffling and running water from the bathroom. Soon enough, Mack emerged, bleary-eyed, but in dry clothes. He held his wet pants in his hand and shuffled across the kitchen to deposit them directly into the washing machine. Gina presumed the machine already held last night’s sheets.

Sighing, Mack crumpled onto the couch, wrapping the blanket around him. Gina paused for a moment, but was ready to leave when Mack opened his mouth.

“He’s a trucker,” he said, his voice a bit ragged.

“What?” Gina looked down at the huge figure curled up on the couch.

Mack cleared his throat forcefully, trying to strengthen his voice. “You asked where my dad was. He’s a trucker, so he’s out on a run.”

“Oh,” Gina’s response was a bit bewildered. “Dominic, you don’t have to-“

Mack opened his eyes, silencing Mrs. Sanchez with a look. “I’m not dying, Mrs. Sanchez,” he said bluntly. “You’re here because you doubted my ability to take care of myself, so I’m going to explain how I do just that.”

“I don’t-“ Gina started, but Mack cut her off again.

“It’s fine, Mrs. Sanchez,” he claimed, forceful even from his prone position. “I get why you’re worried. You’re a teacher. It’s your job to worry about students.”

He took a deep breath before continuing, and Gina didn’t try to stop him.

“My mom left when I was a baby. I never knew her, so it’s no loss. My grandma, my dad’s mom, moved in to take care of me so Dad could keep his job.”

Gina’s mind raced to keep up with the wealth of information that Dominic was sharing in just a few sentences.

“I always helped with stuff, ‘cause Grandma was old and couldn’t do everything on her own,” Mack continued. “Then, freshman year, Grandma had a stroke, so she couldn’t live with us anymore. Dad sold our old house and bought this one because it’s cheaper, and he started taking longer jobs and more at a time so he could pay for her nursing home.”

“Doesn’t insurance cover that? Or social security?” Gina asked, almost automatically.

“Not enough for all the care that Grandma needs after her stroke,” Mack explained. “We couldn’t just put her in any old home. She needs a lot of support.”

Gina nodded, but Mack was already continuing his story. “Anyway, Dad’s usually gone for a few weeks at a time, so it’s just me here. I do my own laundry, make my own food, and, since I got the job at the garage sophomore year, I earned enough money to buy my car. Now, I use my job to pay for the online classes and try to save for college.”

Gina stopped herself from saying “Wow” out loud, but that’s definitely what she was thinking. She’d never met a more mature, together teenager. Not just in her time as a teacher – ever.

“So you see, Mrs. Sanchez,” Mack continued. “I can handle being sick.”

“I…” Gina stammered, then collected herself. “I believe you, Dominic. I’m sorry I interfered.”

“But,” Gina said pointedly, preempting any response from Mack, “being able to do things on your own doesn’t mean you always have to do things on your own. I’m not saying it has to be me to help you,” she added quickly. “But I know there are people around here who would be willing.”

Mack drew the blanket up under his chin. He knew that Mrs. Sanchez was talking about more than just him being sick, and he couldn’t blame her. She’d seen him piss himself twice now, a clear signal that something wasn’t going right in his life.

Still. He was tired, and he’d already done a couple of things out of character due to his exhaustion (he’d never interrupt a teacher under normal circumstances), so he was in no rush to continue the conversation.

“I’ll think about it, Mrs. Sanchez,” he murmured, eyes drooping.

Gina nodded, understanding that she would get no further at the moment.

“Get some rest, Dominic,” she said softly. “I’ll see you in school on Monday.”

She turned to leave, but heard one more thing before she walked out the door.

“You might as well call me Mack.”

