My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*004*2022-03-10 19:46

The Festival

Allison rested tiredly on the toilet seat. With a small yawn, a thick stream began to pulse into the bowl beneath her. Phew… Truthfully, this was usually the best part of her morning, being able to relax and let go of everything that had accumulated in her bladder over night. This particular morning, she’d even been rather desperate for this, as evidenced by the forceful hiss disturbing the water below her. It was not uncommon for Allison to greet the morning with a pretty severe need for the toilet, as she never seemed to wake up during the night to go no matter how full she was getting.

“Ahh…” Allison sighed relaxedly as her bladder continued draining away. Looked as though this one was going to take a while. It was a good thing she’d made it to the toilet before—

“Allison!” Her sister Madison began to furiously pound on the door.

Allison groaned, “I’ll be out in a minute, just hold—“

“Your phone is ringing!” Madison interrupted, and Allison’s heart pounded even louder than Madison’s fists were.

Allison had been awaiting a phone call from Kyle, her new boyfriend, regarding plans they’d made for the weekend. She’d spent most of yesterday evening pacing the length of her room and wishing for the phone to begin chiming. She’d worked herself up into a tizzy, convincing herself that he didn’t like her anymore. But, at last, he’d finally called, and that took precedence over everything else.

Including urination.

Allison still hadn’t finished handling her bladder’s needs, but missing Kyle’s phone call was absolutely not something she could allow. With a cringe and a slight grunt, she tensed up her sphincter and brought her flow to an abrupt stop… Ouch! That hurt a lot more than she’d thought it would! Allison had never had a reason to stop peeing before she’d fully emptied, and she hoped she’d never have to do it again! There was a harsh, sharp pressure digging itself through her now quivering urethra, her confused bladder thrashing madly as it tried to figure out why on Earth it was being made to contain itself again when, just moments before, it had received the ‘all clear’ to begin voiding.

Her holding muscles were burning, almost vibrating with tension as she stood from the toilet and yanked her pajama pants back up. Mind-bogglingly, she actually felt even more desperate for a pee NOW than she had before she’d let go of a drop! What sense did that make? Her bladder had LESS in it now, but the pressure had gotten worse? She had to cross her legs and do a little jiggling while she waited for the horrid spasm to subside, then she dashed to her bedroom for her still ringing phone, not even sparing Madison a passing glance.

Allison raised the phone to her ear, “H—Hello?” she asked, her hips twitching slightly from side to side. The awful, painful stings from a few seconds ago were beginning to subside, but the irritation her bladder felt towards her was made clear with a series of harsh pulses.

“Hey,” Kyle said. “You and Madison ready? I already picked up Holly.”

“Y—Yeah,” Allison lied. She still wasn’t even dressed yet, and knew she was going to have to hurry. “We’re ready.” She and Kyle were going to be attending a music festival over the weekend, and had invited Madison and her girlfriend Holly along with them. Allison had been looking forward to it for weeks. Kyle had been giving her a few not-so-subtle hints about the sorts of activities he wanted to engage in at the festival, and Allison was more than on board with that idea.

“Great, I’ll be there in a few minutes,” Kyle said.

Allison’s interrupted bathroom trip vanished from her mind as she became focused on only one thing; Making herself look presentable for when Kyle arrived. Thankfully, she’d chosen her outfit the day before, so it was easy to slip into it. She’d chosen a tank top emblazoned with the logo of her favorite band, a short skirt and her favorite heeled black boots. Bearing in mind what she and Kyle may be getting up to, she even chose to forego underwear today.

Her bladder only sent her a few mild prods when she bent down to lace up her boots, reminding her that she had some unfinished business to take care of. She went back to the bathroom door, finding it shut. Unlike her sister, Allison knocked calmly. “Madison?”

“Almost done,” Madison called overtop the sound of her gushing stream.

“Well, Kyle’s picking us up pretty soon,” Allison said. “So, you’d better hurry.”

She heard Madison sigh, “Almost done,” she repeated, her stream trickling to a slow finish. A few seconds later, she’d opened the restroom door, giving Allison a clear view of the toilet she needed. “Didn’t you just go?” Madison asked.

“I—“

“Oh, PLEASE don’t tell me you wanted to talk to Kyle so bad that you got up before you were done,” Madison laughed.

Allison blanched. Her sister knew her way too well… “O—Of course not!” she insisted. “I don’t need the bathroom anymore. I just want to make sure you’re dressed before he gets here. That’s all.” Allison could hold the remainder of her bladder’s contents for a while longer, she decided. It would be a very long drive out to the music festival, but she was sure there would be at least one stop along the way during which she could relieve herself.

“Pfft, good,” Madison said, walking back to the bedroom. Madison knew her sister could get pretty neurotic when it came to impressing other people, especially guys she liked. A missed call would be seen as an unforgivable social mistake in Allison’s eyes and she really wouldn’t put it PAST her to pause a toilet visit to be able to talk to someone. It was a bit of a relief to know she wasn’t actually that crazy.

Madison put on a simple sundress— one which she knew was Holly’s favorite and that she found extremely comfortable, she paired this with her flip flops. She’d seen Allison’s boots with the massive heels and wondered to herself how her sister intended to navigate a big outdoor event filled with huge crowds on those stilts.

The sisters went outside their home to await Kyle. Madison gazed at Allison and fought not to roll her eyes. Her sister was likely beginning to regret her decision in footwear, they hadn’t even started walking around anywhere and already Allison was shuffling her feet and looking pretty uncomfortable. No doubt, those tall death-shoes were pinching the living daylights out of her toes.

Allison certainly WAS beginning a regret a decision of hers, but it wasn’t one that involved her boots at all. There was such an obvious, unavoidable pressure in her bladder, intense enough that she was constantly aware of its presence. She wasn’t desperate, this wasn’t an emergency by any stretch of the imagination, but this was about the level of need where she’d usually excuse herself to the bathroom.

This was a level of need where it would be a very, very bad idea to get into a car without using the toilet first. She turned warily towards Madison. If she said “I should probably pee again before we leave,” would Madison be able to figure out that she’d been lying about finishing earlier? Would Madison know how silly she’d been?

The most likely answers were ‘yes’ and ‘yes’, Allison decided. She tried to weigh the pros and cons of her two options. She could have an empty bladder for the trip but be teased by her sister, or she could endure having to ride in a car for a while while needing to go but not be mocked about anything.

Before Allison could make a decision, Kyle’s car parked in front of the house and the door swung open to a bundle of happy energy; Holly bounded out of the car and enveloped Madison in a massive hug. “Oh! This is gonna be so fun, Maddie!” she cheered.

Madison smiled gently at her girlfriend. Sometimes, Allison told her that she was too boring and never did anything spontaneous. Madison thought that Holly provided enough spontaneity for both of them; Holly was always bursting with ideas and suggestions of new ways to have fun. Ways Madison would have never thought of for herself.

Right now though, Holly was bursting with something else. When she finally released Madison from her grip, she started to bounce on her heels so quickly she almost started to blur. “Oooh, but I gotta tinkle first, okay? Can I use your bathroom before we leave?”

“Of course you can,” Madison said, handing her the key.

“Thanks!” Holly beamed, rushing to the door.

Allison watched as Holly darted into the house, eager to claim the very same relief that Allison still needed for herself. ‘This is your chance,’ Allison told herself. ‘Just say “Oh, I should probably go one more time, too.”’ She started to open her mouth, ready to do exactly that, when she heard Kyle speak from inside the car.

“Allison?” he asked. “You have the tickets, right?”

Allison DID have the tickets. She wished that she didn’t, however. Going back inside to fetch them would be a perfect excuse to pay a visit to the toilet without anyone knowing. She climbed into the passenger seat of the car and handed them to him.

“Good,” Kyle said. “Once Holly gets back, we can leave.”

Madison was already in the backseat, her seatbelt buckled, ready to go, and a moment later Holly was back at the car as well. Allison had missed her chance.

“Ahhh…” Holly exhaled as she took her seat beside Madison. “That’s SO much better.”

Allison almost felt like Holly was trying to taunt her. She tried not to seethe too much from the jealousy she felt at the other girl being able to start this voyage with a nice, empty bladder when her own was still throbbing away. She knew that Holly WASN’T trying to taunt her, Holly had a habit of being way too talkative about… Everything. Even things that should be private. And, there was no way Holly could have KNOWN that Allison needed to go. Allison hadn’t said one word about it, after all.

But, the thing was, Allison definitely needed to go. She knew that remaining quiet about the ever-growing pressure in her bladder was going to be a recipe for disaster. There would definitely be at least one rest stop while they were on the road, but she didn’t think it would be happening for a while. Madison and Holly had just peed and their bladders would need time to refill. The car did not indicate a need for more gas, and if Kyle needed the bathroom he probably would have asked to go when Holly did, right?

Allison saw all the signs that she had a long wait stretching out ahead of her, and with how annoying and persistent the throbbing at her opening already was, she knew it would be completely stupid to let Kyle start driving now.

‘Tell him you need to go,’ a little voice in Allison’s head said. ‘Stop being silly.’ And Allison tried. “Kyle, I…” she froze, her tongue suddenly going dry and heavy in her mouth as she realized that she’d never said a word about her bodily functions to Kyle before. She’d never said the words “Hold on, I need the bathroom,” to him even once. And, suddenly, those words seemed like the most humiliating things anyone could ever say.

“Hm?” Kyle asked, starting up the car.

“I… Uh… I… I am excited for the festival,” Allison finished lamely. She reached and pulled her seatbelt into place, noting with some alarm that the belts in Kyle’s car were somewhat tighter than the ones in her own. Or, perhaps that was just her anxious brain playing tricks on her.

“I am too,” Kyle said. “Everyone ready now?”

“Yeah!” Holly cheered.

“Y—Yes…” Allison agreed hesitantly.

***

Allison was positive Holly really WAS trying to taunt her.

She hadn’t been convinced earlier, but now she definitely was.

Holly somehow had figured out Allison needed a toilet, and now she was trying to torture her about it.

That was the only explanation.

They’d been driving for about one hour. There HAD been a stop during that time, but not one that granted Allison access to a (by now pretty badly needed) ladies’ room. They’d gone to a fast food place, but just the drive-thru. Allison had actually suggested “Let’s eat inside instead,” her mind filled with daydreams of locking herself inside a restroom stall and releasing her burden.

But, no one else had agreed with her. “That would take too long,” Madison said. “This way we can eat while we drive.”

And Allison had tried her absolute best to retort with “Well yeah, but I can’t use the bathroom if we do the drive-thru!” but once more the shame of even mentioning to her boyfriend that she so much as HAD a bladder held her back.

So, they placed an order in the drive-thru. Allison had not urinated a drop at the restaurant. And, worst of all, Holly had ordered an enormous soda that she was now noisily guzzling down. Every time Allison heard a slosh of liquid from the backseat, she would tense her thighs and bounce her feet. It felt like the straw had been dug against her annoyed urethral sphincter, every slurp trying to suck a gush of urine out of her bladder. Her fingers twitched atop her jiggling knees, and she fought hard not to turn and angrily shout at Holly to knock it off.

Making everything worse for Allison was the knowledge that now, there was more liquid rapidly plummeting down in her bladder’s direction. Fast food was always salty and greasy, and it made her extremely thirsty. Despite her best efforts to swallow as little of her own drink as possible, she’d polished off the entire thing; All of it now coursing through her body. Allison was frustrated with herself.

Allison was so unbelievably frustrated with herself. She’d had plenty of perfectly fine opportunities to relieve her bladder and not be in this mess, and she’d foolishly passed them all up. She made a promise to herself that when the next chance presented herself, she would take it. She’d take it, and she’d be on the toilet, and she’d pee, and this ache inside her would finally go away for good.

Yeah… Kyle would finally stop the car to get gas or something, and there would be a ladies’ room right there that was free to use. Allison would run into a stall, lock the door and turn to face the toilet. She wasn’t wearing anything beneath her skirt, so she’d just need to pull it up a little, sit right down and relax. Then, it would all come gushing and flowing out of her, spraying torrentially, all the pressure fading and fading until she felt nothing but a nice, numb tingle in her middle where once there had been urgency, and—

Pss!

Allison’s legs snapped together and crossed tight. That daydream had been, perhaps, a little TOO vivid, enough to make the carseat beneath her feel like it was made of porcelain instead of fabric. The tiniest, little spurt of urine had shot forth through her trembling urethra, wetting against the back of her skirt. No more followed that first uncontrollable jet, but clamping herself shut like that for the second time today was making her holding muscles blaze with fury, and her bladder was searing and bubbling even more angrily now, and she had to, she had to, she had to—

“Hey?” Kyle said suddenly, turning to her. “Are you okay?”

Allison realized that her breathing had been going haywire for a while, short and choppy as her heart thrummed tyrannically enough against her ribcage to make her chest hurt. ‘Say it!’ her bladder screamed. ‘Say you need a bathroom NOW!’

But, as ever, Allison DIDN’T say it. That sudden, wicked spasm had subsided and her urge, while rapidly approaching the point at which she’d call herself ‘desperate’, had calmed down. “I’m… F—Fine.”

In the backseat, Madison had been looking at the floor in front of her, watching as her sister’s feet twitched and tapped and bounced. Madison had seen Allison’s feet do that more times than she could count, and she knew full well that those actions meant that she needed a restroom break. They HAD been on the road for a while now, and Madison was beginning to long for the toilet a bit herself, not too badly, but enough that she’d needed to shift her position a little a couple times… Listening to her girlfriend guzzle down that soda certainly hadn’t helped.

What Madison didn’t understand was why Allison hadn’t asked for a stop yet, she obviously needed one… When Kyle asked if she was okay, Madison expected her to ask then, but she still hadn’t. ‘She’s not… Oh, for the love of—‘

Madison knew it was awkward to tell one’s partner that they needed to pee. Madison had felt a little weird mentioning it to Holly on one of their first dates, but when a girl has to go a girl has to go, and in the end it hadn’t been a big deal at all to speak up about it. Allison was being so silly, making herself suffer and wait for literally no reason just because she felt a tiny bit embarrassed. She DID realize that holding it in until she popped was gonna be a LOT more embarrassing, right?

Allison wouldn’t be THAT stupid, would she? She wouldn’t make herself wait so long that she wet her skirt, right? Maybe if she did that would at least knock a little sense into her.

Madison had actually been about to ask Kyle for a stop for HERSELF before her own bladder got too full, but after thinking it over; No. She wasn’t going to bail Allison out this time. Madison could very easily keep holding it for at least a couple more hours, and Allison had to learn how to speak up about these things on her own.

Madison turned to her other side, and saw Holly set her now empty soda cup down. “Mmm,” she said. “That was good!”

“Heh, you’re so cute,” Madison giggled, reaching to take her hand. Now that Holly’s mouth wasn’t permanently attached to a straw, they could talk to each other again; Something that would help to distract Madison from her bladder for a while longer.

***

Once they got closer to the festival, they hit a traffic jam. This was bad news for Holly, whose body had finished processing her large soda and was now screaming for some relief. Holly was not a girl that was shy about needing a bathroom break, if anything, giving a voice to the intense desperation within her body was something deeply helpful to her. For whatever reason, moaning and whimpering, just letting someone else KNOW the extent of her discomfort, made the burden easier for her to bear.

And, wow, was Holly feeling burdened right then! The muscles around her sphincter kept contracting, making them feel like they were being twisted and squeezed in a juicer, her body desperate to force at least one squirt of that soda out into her panties whether she wanted it to or not. “Ooooh…” she groaned, legs pumping like pistons as her feet stamped hard against the floor of the car. “Madisonnnn, I really, really, really gotta tinkle…”

Beside her, Madison’s confidence wasn’t what it once was. She still wasn’t dying for the toilet, not by a long shot, but being seated next to someone whom could speak of little other than peeing wasn’t doing her any favors. She jiggled one knee as she put a hand onto Holly’s thigh, which almost felt like it was vibrating from tension. “I know, honey…” she said. “Once the traffic is cleared up, we’ll find somewhere real quick, right Kyle?”

“Yeah,” Kyle said, anxiously drumming his fingers against the steering wheel. “Sh—She’s… Okay, right?”

“Noooo!” Holly cried in an agonized wail. She felt the furthest thing from okay! She felt like there was pee filling up her fingertips and toes! She felt like there was pee reaching up all the way to her rib cage! She felt like eighty percent of her body weight was pee, and that if she didn’t let it out soon she would die!

“You’re… You’re okay,” Madison said gently. “Just… Think about dry things, okay?”

“Nnnnhhh…” Holly grunted, stuffing her hands between her legs and up against her crotch. She rocked forward and back against them, but no matter how tightly her fingers dug themselves against her urethra, the need to let her muscles relax just grew stronger and stronger and stronger!

The person in the car who had it the worst was, of course, Allison. If she’d thought the sound of Holly sucking down that soda had been a punch to the bladder, then listening to her groan and whine and shout about her need to RELEASE all of that liquid made Allison feel like the world’s strongest boa constrictor was tightening itself around her bladder.

Allison was… Well, ‘desperate’ didn’t even really describe it anymore. She had to pee, yes. But, she had to pee in the same way a person needed to breathe! It was completely mandatory now, a pure, intense, red-alert level emergency! WHY didn’t she go before they’d left? WHY hadn’t she been more firm about the reason she wanted to go INSIDE the restaurant? WHY hadn’t she asked Kyle for a stop when a stop was still POSSIBLE?!

Why, why, WHY did she DO this to herself?!

Allison had had a few more leaks, and she was cursing herself for her lack of underwear. Every spurt that hissed out of her went DIRECTLY into the material of her skirt, she was positive an obvious wet spot was on the back of it now! Kyle wouldn’t want to do ANYTHING with her at the festival after he saw THAT now, would he!?

Allison still hadn’t breathed the words “I really, really, REALLY need the bathroom,” to Kyle yet, but she didn’t HAVE to. Her twitching, twisting, bouncing and writhing had all said more than her mouth ever could. She was doing a more intense and obvious pee-dance than she’d done since childhood, and she could not, for the life of her, help it one bit. She could not stop wriggling, she could not stop leaking, every few seconds another drop— just ONE, little urgent drop— would force its way past her ailing sphincters, and she couldn’t, she couldn’t, she couldn’t—

When she crossed and re-crossed her legs for the fiftieth time in the past five minutes, she accidentally gouged herself with one of the heels. She flinched, released a longer spurt of pee in surprise, and her delirious, piss-clouded brain managed to produce something resembling an idea.

“K—Kyle…” Allison stammered, her voice shaking in time with the pulses at her opening. “I… Gotta take my shoes off, my feet are so sore.”

Madison heard this ridiculous statement, wondering how in the Hell Allison could be thinking of her feet when she was so clearly about to soak her skirt. Still, she piped up, “Told you those things are death traps.”

Instead of snapping anything in response to her sister, Allison tugged open the door of the car. She limped out beside it, now finding her surrounded on all sides by stopped cars. On the sides of the road, there was nothing. No trees or bushes, nothing at all. Not that Allison would be able to drag her bladder that far anyway.

Still, she HAD to let some out. She just HAD to, and not wearing underpants had an advantage she hadn’t considered before.

She could crouch down to ‘remove her shoes’, adjust her skirt just a tiny bit, and… Pee. Right there. Right next to the car. She could pee!

Not… Not all of it. With as much as she had stored in her at the moment, she knew releasing it all would produce an enormous puddle that made what she’d just done obvious to everyone around her, including Kyle.

But… Some of it. She could let out SOME of it, and she was in such an agonized state that even just five measly seconds of relief would be Heaven.

She just had to hope that she’d actually be able to stop it.

She’d stopped it earlier though, hadn’t she? And, OH what a mistake that had been! But still, if she’d done it once, she could probably do it again, right?

A pulse of urine began to snake down her leg, and she didn’t even realize she’d leaked until she felt it warmly glide across the back of her knee. She HAD to do this. She was so freaking full that she no longer even felt her leaks as they pulsed out!

She dropped herself into a crouch beside the car, and it immediately felt like the full weight of her body had bashed itself against her bladder like a falling boulder, and she was pissing.

She pulled the back of her skirt up just a little bit, her urine now only striking the pavement beneath her. She shook with equal parts relief and shame. She could NOT believe that she was doing this right here in the open, but… Holy FUCK did it feel good… It took every ounce of willpower she had not to tilt her head up to the sky and release a euphoric moan as hours of waiting and suffering transformed into mind-breaking levels of relief.

She couldn’t let herself enjoy it too much. People would be able to tell what she was actually up to if she did— She was still hoping that no one behind her could make out the stream fizzing away beneath her. She was keeping her body pretty low to the ground in an attempt to keep it hidden, though. ‘Oh my God…’ she thought. ‘How can it feel THIS good to go?’

She couldn’t let herself enjoy it for too long. She had to stop. She knew she had to stop. If she gave in completely, let her entire flood release, everyone would see the lake she’d created. Closing her eyes tight, clenching with all her strength, she began to restrain her bladder again. Doing it now was a lot harder than doing it earlier that morning had been. Every time she nearly had her flow totally shut down, her sphincter would fail and burst open once more, releasing another gushing pulse onto the ground. She fought hard, struggling to her feet as rivulets continued to trickle forth, then finally she slammed her hands up against herself, palms quickly growing slick and warm while her exhausted body fought as hard as it could to make everything stop.

Finally, she tensed every muscle she had all at once, her legs twining together, her hands clutching away, and at last… It stopped. And it stayed stopped. She looked at the ground where she’d allowed herself to pee for those few wonderful, glorious seconds. There was a dark spot there, of course, but not the small lake she’d been worried about creating. She looked down at herself, there were damp spots along the bottom of her short skirt where she’d been pressing it into herself, and little dribbles shining on her bare legs.

She bounced in place for a few seconds longer, tried telling herself that it was better now, that she could wait longer now, that she’d let out more than enough to be able to make it to a real toilet. But, her muscles were so, so, so tired… They were sick of holding it, sick of her abusing them, and they burned and scorched away inside her.

After a few more moments of twisting, the pain of stopping mid-flow began to ease and she felt confident that she could sit on a car seat again without soaking it. She got back into the car, and didn’t dare refasten her seatbelt, she couldn’t take anymore pressure.

Kyle was looking at her, “Your shoes are still on…?” he asked.

“Oh, yeah… I just… Had to take a rock out of them, that’s all,” Allison managed.

“You’re feeling better?”

‘Not really,’ Allison thought. She honestly couldn’t tell if that small bit of relief out there had done more harm than good! But, she nodded.

In between giving her agonizingly full girlfriend a few comforting thigh-rubs, Madison had been looking out her window at her sister. Her eyes had widened as she realized what Allison was actually doing out there. She hadn’t been able to see the stream shoot out from between her legs, but when Allison had moved her skirt out of the way, her intention had been clear.

‘Well, when you gotta go, you gotta go, I guess…’ Madison had thought. But, what REALLY shocked her was when she saw Allison get back up when she clearly HADN’T been finished. What in the world had THAT been about?

She’d then watched Allison stare down at the little damp spot she’d made on the ground, and could barely believe it. The girl had gone and made herself stop mid-stream just to avoid creating an obvious puddle!? Seriously!? Madison was sure that only Allison would ever do something as silly as that!

But mostly, as Madison watched her sister grant herself a few moments of relief, Madison had tried not to get jealous. Having just spent so long thinking about peeing, and hearing Holly talk about peeing, there was nothing Madison wanted to do more than start peeing. Her bladder had gone from achey and uncomfortable to brimming and full. She needed a toilet. Bad.

And, that was the thing. Madison needed a TOILET, specifically. Something she could sit down on and pee. She’d never, EVER relieved herself anywhere other than into a toilet, and she hadn’t even the foggiest idea of HOW to do it outside without making a mess. Her dress was really, really long, it went down to her ankles almost. She felt that if she made one wrong move, then she’d drench it. Madison couldn’t go out on the street like Allison.

Although, just because Madison couldn’t go outdoors, that didn’t mean Holly couldn’t. Madison tensed her thighs together and bounced in her seat. She wasn’t looking forward to seeing Holly get her relief when she still had to hold it, but poor Holly was clearly worse off than her. Giving her girlfriend another soothing pat, she asked “Holly? Do you… Do you want to go outside? Like, on the ground?” Madison swore she saw her still jiggling go still for a tiny second when she said those words.

Madison expected Holly to begin rapidly nodding, saying “Yes! Please, I need to tinkle NOW!” But… She didn’t. Instead, Holly shook her head. “N—No, someone might see…”

Madison was confused. “You’ve never been shy about this before?” She’d accompanied Holly into public restrooms before, and Holly had never seemed to suffer any stage-fright no matter how crowded it was in there. “You’ve gone in front of me and Allison, and some of our other—“

“You aren’t GUYS,” Holly emphasized. She wished Madison hadn’t even SUGGESTED that she go outside on the street. Because now she couldn’t stop thinking about how good it would feel to do it! She hadn’t stopped cupping her crotch in all the time the car had been stuck here, and in that time her hands had grown somewhat damp as little gushes of pee kept flowing into her panties. “I— Not in front of men, Madison!”

Madison nodded. Holly wasn’t very comfortable around men just in general, it made sense she didn’t want to do something private where a guy might see. Holly was also wearing shorts, something she’d have to pull down all the way. She’d need to expose her entire butt in order to relieve her bladder on the street… “Um…” Madison looked around. “Okay, I know Kyle’s here and he’s a dude, but you trust him, right?”

“Y—Yeah…” Holly nodded. Kyle was her friend, he wouldn’t ever be creepy towards her.

“Well, how about you go in the cup, then?” Madison offered. “Can you do that?”

Holly nodded once more. She’d urinated into containers before, and once the lid was off the cup, the opening would be plenty big enough for her. Her bladder was leaping at the idea, trying to get ahead of her as it sent a few more pulsing spurts into the palms of her clenched hands.

Madison picked up the cup and removed its lid. Her bladder was lurching at the thought of what was about to transpire. Holly was going to relieve herself, right there in front of her. It would be very loud. And she would have to keep holding it in. She fought back the dread she felt at that idea, and handed Holly the cup.

Madison watched Holly get into position and realized that she surely must have had prior experience with this. She seemed to know exactly what to do as she unbuttoned her shorts, tore them down her legs and pressed the cup against herself.

And then, she was peeing. And moaning. And gasping. And panting. And her eyes were going shut and she was so obviously feeling a million times better, and Madison’s eyes darted out the window, but she was still able to HEAR all of it, and she couldn’t put her hands over her ears to block all the sounds because at some point they’d gone between her legs, and if she moved them, she’d pee, and—

“Ohhhhh,” Madison groaned, as her first leak of the day soaked her underwear. It wasn’t a small or short leak, it was huge and carried on for three whole seconds before she was able to stop it.

Up front, Allison was’t handling the auditory stimuli of Holly’s release any better. Every drop that pattered into that cup ripped a drop out of Allison’s own bladder and she rocked back and forth against her hands as she begged and begged for it to just end!

When she heard a sudden, different kind of moan from the backseat, Allison had an inkling that, one way or another, it WAS about to end.

“Nnnnhhh…” Holly whimpered with despair as she realized that the cup was nearly full, but her bladder was NOT nearly empty!

Like Allison before her, Holly was forced to cut off her release before she was ready. It burned, and it hurt and her bladder scrunched in on itself with painful confusion. It could not understand why she wasn’t letting it finish doing what it had to do, it only understood that it was still full, and that just a few moments ago she’d told it to relax and let everything out!

Holly did manage to stop herself, but not before overflowing the cup slightly. Pee trickled over her hands as she wedged the lid back onto the cup and set it in the cup holder. Then, she was back to squirming and tensing her body, but she was no longer grabbing herself, so it appeared she felt at least a little bit better.

The same could not be said of Madison, whom had suffered three more quick, urgent leaks after her first one had utterly soaked her panties. She was digging her hands against herself tightly, the cotton material of her underwear feeling heavy and sodden in her fingers. She cursed herself for her earlier decision not to request a bathroom break in some effort to teach her sister a lesson; She hadn’t anticipated this jam, she’d believed whole-heartedly that she could make it through the entire drive without a problem.

Now, she was worried if she could make it the rest of the way while only getting a LITTLE wet. Her urethra felt like it was being slammed into by a forty pound weight, the thin barrier separating the waves within her bladder from the outside world felt as though it was made of paper, crumbling to bits under the intense pressure knocking against it. Against her will, she kept gazing outside, craning her neck, trying to convince herself that there was a gas station or something that was in walking distance from the car, but there was nothing. As far as her eyes could see, there were zero toilets for miles.

To her bladder, this idea was completely unacceptable. Her bladder wanted there to be a toilet within walking distance. Her bladder wanted there to be a toilet underneath her right at this very second. What she wouldn’t give for this car seat to be a toilet seat instead! What she wouldn’t give to feel the cool porcelain beneath her as her panties rested around her ankles and a long, powerful jet of pee flowed forth from between her legs. What she wouldn’t give to be able to relax herself for just one second and not have it result in her ruining her clothes and Kyle’s car!

Now, somewhat subdued for the time being, Holly was the one rubbing soothing circles into Madison’s thigh. “I— I w—wish we had anoth-another cup,” she stammered, some of her usual bubbly attitude being torn away by how shaken up she’d gotten when she’d forced herself to stop peeing midstream. Another cup would be great. Holly could FINISH, and then Madison could fill it the rest of the way!

Madison nodded a little reluctantly. Even if there were a second cup that SHE could pee into, she’d never be able to figure out HOW to do that without creating an even bigger mess than she would if she simply wet her clothes! She was amazed Holly had managed to do it so cleanly and easily, because if SHE’D tried that, she knew she’d ‘miss’ the cup and maybe even end up dropping it and just getting pee everywhere! “M—Maybe the tr—traffice will be ov—over soon,” Madison said hopefully.

***

Traffic did finally clear up a little while later, to everyone’s relief. Allison’s bladder, having been plugged shut early twice so far today, felt like it was flailing around inside her midsection like an angry animal. Holly, who may have been able to let quite a bit out into the cup, had resumed crossing her legs and occasionally gripping herself. Madison, the only girl that hadn’t released a single drop (unless all the leaks into her panties could be counted) during the entire ride, was beginning to tear up from the immense physical agony she was being forced to withstand.

Even Kyle’s knee had started to jiggle a little bit, and he too seemed to relax when they were able to get moving once more.

But, if the group that their troubles were close to an end, they were sorely mistaken.

“Pleeeease pull over!!” Holly kept moaning.

“I can’t find anywhere!” Kyle said, worry in his voice. He’d been searching for a sign designating a gas station or a fast food restaurant that would have restrooms. He was going to pull into one the very second it finally presented itself— HE had to go TOO, after all!— But, thus far, there hadn’t been anywhere!

The music festival was held way out in a big field, and the closer they got to that field, the further they got from civilization. The further they got from civilization, the fewer public restrooms they were going to encounter. “There are bathrooms AT the festival,” he said.

“I dunno if I can wait that long,” Holly said, drawing one of her feet up into the seat so she could sit on top of it.

“I— I… REALLY have to go,” Madison agreed miserably. She’d given up hope on finishing this drive free from obvious, tell-tale damp marks on her dress. She could feel how cold and clammy the material had gotten from all her uncontrollable spurting. The damp fabric clung to her thighs and butt like static, and the knowledge that she was slowly but surely soaking herself in her own pee was making her feel disgusted with herself. She was way too old to be having an accident, yet there she was, peeing her panties drop by uncontainable drop.

Allison had undone the button on her skirt, deciding it was so tight that it should have constituted ‘cruel and unusual punishment’ for all the urine still imprisoned in her bladder. The trapped pee was relentless in its fight to shove its way past her aching sphincters to spray against the car seat. She thought now that maybe she should have just let herself finish peeing on the street earlier, even if she left a huge, obvious puddle that could be seen for miles, at least then she wouldn’t have to endure this much agony now. At least then, she wouldn’t have to still be worrying about peeing all over her boyfriend’s car. “H—How much further…?” she whimpered out, the closest thing to an “I really, really, really need to go to the toilet, Kyle!” that she had said all day.

“N—Not much further,” Kyle promised. “And, we’ll probably pass somewhere else along the way. It’s okay.”

Allison hoped he was right.

He wasn’t.

They continued driving down the road for what felt like days, but the area was barren. Holly kept looking outside at each bush they passed. Every one of them looked like relief; Perfectly fine places to squat and let it all come flowing out. And, now there weren’t a ton of cars everywhere filled with potential spectators. There was no reason she COULDN’T go water a bush… “M—Madison…” Holly grunted in a whisper. “We can tinkle in the bushes, right?”

Madison flinched. Holly may have been able to do that. Allison may have been able to do that. Kyle could DEFINITELY do that with no trouble at all, but Madison… Couldn’t. For Madison, it was a toilet or nothing. To even attempt an outdoor pee, she would need someone to talk her through it, show her what position to take and probably hold onto her a little to help her stay balanced long enough that she didn’t tumble into her own puddle.

Madison didn’t think it would be wise for her first attempt at urinating outside to be one where she was so desperate she could barely think anything through, one where she was clad in a long dress that would be difficult to keep out of the way, or one where she was about to go to a big event where lots of people would be able to see the results of any mishaps that may occur.

But… She wanted Holly to feel better, it would be cruel to tell HER not to pee in the bushes when she obviously needed to so strongly. “Y—You can,” she told her girlfriend. “B—But, I… I really don’t know how to do that. I’ll make a mess for sure.”

Holly’s hopes fell, and her bladder along with it. A pained jet of pee surged out of her and she moaned, her fingers kneading themselves up against her crotch. She wouldn’t go if Madison couldn’t, that would be very, very mean. It would be like she was teasing her… “I— I’ll hold it with you, then,” she said.

“Y—You don’t have to do that, Holly, I’m—“ Madison was interrupted by an absolute vicious spasm rocking through her body. It was as if her bladder had suddenly been electrocuted with a cattle prod, it seized and jolted inside her, and then she was peeing. Not just leaking, but peeing. It poured out of her for ten whole seconds, emitting an audible hiss as she moaned and whimpered and clenched as hard as she could to put an end to it. “Nah—No! Stop! Pleaaase! Hold it! Gotta hold it!”

It did stop, but her underwear now brimmed with new, fresh warmth and felt more sticky and damp than ever.

Holly put a hand onto her shoulder in concern. “A—Are you—“

“I’m not okay!” Madison said. “I need to pee worse than I ever have in my life!” She flung herself back in her seat, giving Holly a clear view of the swollen bump now showing in her abdomen— Holly was sure she had a similar bulge in her own middle by now.

“K—Kyle,” Holly called. “PLEASE tell me you found somewhere!?”

“I haven’t!” Kyle said, now sounding a little frustrated. He wasn’t used to holding it on long drives like this. He was used to being able to pull to the side and just whip it out if he was having an emergency. But, all those times he hadn’t been accompanied by three girls whom would no doubt be furious with him for such a decision. His need had grown pretty bad in all the time he’d been driving, and his inability to find a freaking bathroom was really starting to tick him off. “Do you SEE anywhere?”

“N…No…” Holly admitted timidly.

“I’m sorry…” Kyle said awkwardly. “I didn’t mean to snap at you, just… This is frustrating, you know? I wanna find a bathroom too.”

“I know…” Holly said.

“But, we should be at the festival VERY soon, and there will be toilets there, I promise.

Holly nodded, and hoped that both she and Madison could last that long.

Allison bounced and rocked in her seat, her legs had been crossed for so long now that they were starting to tingle from the loss of blood flow. She, too, hoped she could hold it until they reached the festival. Once they were there, she’d find herself a toilet first thing, and then she’d… Go.

And, for the first time today, she wouldn’t just go a LITTLE bit, she wouldn’t grind her release to a halt until her body was good and ready for her to do so. She wouldn’t stop peeing until she simply just had no more pee left to give. She’d pee and pee and then her bladder would finally, at long last, be totally empty…

The thought of true emptiness was such a pleasant one to Allison that it necessitated her tightening her grip on her quivering sphincter as her bladder tried once more to make her fantasy a reality.

They really WERE close to the festival, and everyone in the car managed to make it that last little distance without exploding and turning their seats into waterfalls. The girls were all pretty damp, and Kyle had needed to loosen his belt to lessen the pressure a bit, but no one had had a complete accident yet.

That was good.

They’d made it!

They’d made it to the festival, they’d made it to a place that had toilets!

Finally!

Except, no. They HADN’T made it yet, not completely.

The first obstacle everyone had to face was the simple act of getting up and exiting the vehicle. Standing after hours of sitting in one place usually wasn’t the easiest thing in the world. One’s legs would have fallen asleep after so much prolonged inactivity, and one’s back would have grown stiff. This resulted in a bit of a painful stretch as one lifted themselves for the first time.

Doing this while absolutely dying for a restroom break was even more of a challenge.

Allison was the first of the girls to make an attempt at departing from the car. She did so by sort of curling up on herself, hunching over, gripping her crotch for dear life. She was folded pretty much completely in half and sucking in sharp, pained breaths as she opened the door and set foot outside.

The moment her foot made contact with the ground, pins and needles tore up and down her leg until they poked sharply into her bloated, straining bladder. “Aaaaoooohhhhhhh!!! Allison made a strange, agonized noise as another leak streaked down her leg. When her second foot hit the pavement, it was more of the same, and she was hit with an almost irresistible urge to crouch down right where she was, hike up her skirt a bit and just release everything onto the asphalt. Who cared if anyone saw? She didn’t! She didn’t care about anything but peeing!

But, then Kyle got out, she tilted her head, saw him wince and palm the crotch of his jeans for a moment, and suddenly Allison cared if someone saw her piss on the ground again. She would not pee in front of him. She would not. No matter how bad she had to go, she would never, ever do it in front of him. Ever.

She would hold it until she died before she ever did that.

Holly got out next, hobbling in much the same way Allison did. Sweat was pouring down her body in buckets, and for the briefest of moments she was grateful for it— If she was sweating, then some of the liquid in her body wasn’t going to her bladder. But, she didn’t feel thankful for long. Her bladder was filled to the absolute brim now, surely. Nothing could make a difference to her anymore, unless it happened to involve sitting down on a toilet.

The back of Holly’s shorts was clearly damp, a large dark spot displaying the full extent of all her leaks. Even if she did find a toilet in the next few seconds, it would be obvious to anyone who saw her that she had not maintained full control over her bladder today.

Holly had been hoping against hope that there would actually be a bathroom right there in the parking lot. Surely, whoever it was that had built them here would know that, after a long drive, people would be dying to relieve themselves, right?

But, to her dismay, there wasn’t a restroom in the parking lot. Only parking spaces, nothing more. Nowhere that a girl could unload a bladder that had been full to bursting for the majority of a very, very, very long car ride.

Finally, Madison got out. Madison was probably the worst off out of the three of them, being the only one that had not had even the briefest, momentary respite from her desperation all day. When she tried to stand up on her crossed, knotted legs, she lost her footing and tumbled slightly, another jet of pee soaking her panties in the process. Her underwear was so damp now that they practically felt like they were painted onto her body.

Holly quickly limped over to help steady her girlfriend, but both of them were trembling so badly with need that it was hard to tell if relying on each other for balance was more helpful or more of a hinderance. “Where are the bathrooms?” Holly pleaded.

“Th—They should be right inside,” Kyle said, sheepishly moving a hand away from his crotch to gesture towards the ticket booths. “W—We just gotta show our tickets and go in, that’s all.”

The girls all groaned at the sight of the lines in front of the ticket booths, realizing that their next obstacle was about to be faced.

Waiting in a long line while desperate for the bathroom was one of the most terrible feelings in the world. The one thing that made this line even worse was the fact that it wasn’t even a line FOR the bathroom. There were no toilets awaiting them at the front of this line, only a ticket taker that would let them inside of a location where they would need to begin SEARCHING for available toilets.

Allison was miserable. She felt like the most unattractive woman to ever walk the Earth, doubling over, grunting and groaning with exertion as small squirts of pee drizzled down her legs every couple minutes. Her clutched hands had formed something of a bowl over her opening, and they continually filled with urine. She was sure they must have smelled horribly. She felt so disgusting, she was so sweaty, losing control over her own body like a child. Her once smooth stomach had become round, firm and bulging as her bladder swelled more than she’d ever thought possible.

She was sure Kyle found her downright sickening to look at in her present state. Hell, he was barely even looking at her anymore. Certainly, it was because he could no longer stand to do it. Certainly, it was because he was questioning what he ever even saw in her in the first place.

Holly had tears rolling down her cheeks. She was embarrassed and ashamed, but most of all she was in a horrific level of physical pain. Before today, she’d had no clue it was even possible to need to go pee this badly. She’d had no clue her body was even capable of retaining such an immense quantity of fluid, of fighting back against such an intense amount of pressure. She was stunned by the strength of her holding muscles, having never put them to a test quite this extreme before. She’d been desperate for a pee lots of times, she’d endured long bathroom lines, she’d made it through classes with teachers that didn’t grant hall passes, she’d even gotten stuck in a supply closet at the worst possible moment before. She’d had experience with holding it in! She’d held it in even when her body was screaming for a toilet seat lots of times!

But, this… This was on a whole new level. All those previous experiences involving a burstingly full bladder hadn’t HURT nearly this badly. But, this did. It actually, genuinely hurt. It no longer felt like she just really, really, REALLY needed to urinate, it felt like something was horribly wrong inside her body. It felt like she was on the verge of a serious medical crisis. If she’d felt this level of pain for any other reason, she’d be wanting to go to the hospital, she’d be begging ER nurses and doctors to please, please, please figure out what was causing this mind-breaking amount of suffering and make it stop!

Holly’s desperation had moved beyond her bladder now, beyond the shuddering, faltering little muscles surrounding her sphincter. It had moved out and up, she felt in her back just below her ribs, she felt it up in her chest and inside her throat, she felt it in the tips of her fingers. It was like her body was trying to stuff more pee anywhere it could think to fit it, and the result was that her entire body was aflame with misery and need.

Holly wanted to just give up, she wanted to concede defeat to the ever-rising tide within her. She’d wet her pants as an adult before— the result of getting scared a bit too badly inside a haunted house— and it hadn’t been fun at all. But, even drenching her shorts right here in this line of people sounded preferable when compared to withstanding this ache for even one more second!

There was really only one reason she hadn’t just grit her teeth, accepted her fate, and allowed her bladder to explode like it was pleading to; Madison.

To Holly’s knowledge, Madison had NEVER had a total, full-blown accident as an adult before, and from the way her girlfriend was twisting and shaking beside her, it didn’t look like it would take much to push her into having one now. One miscalculated step, someone accidentally bumping her in the wrong place with their elbow… Hearing and seeing another person lose control over their bladder…

If Holly’s bladder cracked and split apart, if her pee was forcibly ejected down her legs, it would be very loud. It would create an ear-splitting amount of hissing and splashing that no one would be able to ignore. Least of all someone that was barely hanging onto their fraying bladder control themselves. If Holly wet her shorts, she could very well create a chain-reaction that caused Madison, and probably Allison too, to drench themselves as well.

Holly had to hold it. She loved Madison. She’d do anything for Madison, even if that thing wasn’t easy. Even if that thing seemed impossible. Even if that thing REALLY hurt.

Beside her, Madison was having very similar thoughts. She too was hurting so much that she wanted to just give up and let it flow into the dirt beneath her. She’d spread her legs out as much as she could so that hopefully most of her pee would just pour through her panties and leave her dress untouched— Her underwear were already pretty much destroyed by this point, anyway. She knew she’d have to just get rid of them. They were white, and after today she doubted if anything would be able to get rid of the yellow stain she’d no doubt made in them.

She could part her legs, gush everything onto the ground, and find somewhere to toss her soaked underwear later. She could do that…

But, Holly couldn’t.

Holly was wearing shorts. If she peed herself, she’d ruin a lot more than just her underpants. She wouldn’t be able to do anything to ensure she remained at least mostly visibly-dry. Her loss of bladder control would be blatant and obvious until she was able to get a new pair of pants to change into. Holly would be forced to walk around the festival, with her accident on full display to everyone.

Holly would be humiliated.

And, if Madison relaxed and let go of her own bladder, the noise would be enough to coax Holly into exploding as well.

Madison had been there to witness Holly’s accident at the haunted house, she’d been there to hold the poor girl as she’d cried from the embarrassment of it all. Madison would do ANYTHING to keep Holly from having to feel that way all over again, even if that thing wasn’t easy. Even if that thing seemed impossible. Even if that thing REALLY hurt.

At the very least, the line was moving at a decent pace. People would show their tickets to the man at the front, he’d scan them quickly and the attendees would be ushered inside. It all transpired very, very fast.

But, to Allison, nothing felt like it was fast enough! Her brain had turned itself into racing, panicked mush as she became utterly convinced she was bound to have an accident before she reached a toilet. If Kyle couldn’t even look at her now just because she was dancing around and leaking, what would he think of her when she split apart completely and was left standing, sopping wet and shivering, in a puddle of her own pee?

She WAS really regretting her decision to wear the boots now, just as Madison had warned; They were hellishly difficult to do a proper pee dance in! She couldn’t stop herself from shifting from foot to foot, and she did so spasmodically and frantically. Her uncontrollable motions made the heels on her boots feel like wobbly stilts and she kept accidentally sucking in sharp breaths as she fought to maintain balance. Each sudden, clenching inhale of breath wrapped a tight fist around her bladder and pumped out a few more leaky drops. It was all so miserable.

Allison had never been so certain that she was going to wet herself in her life. How could she NOT? She hadn’t properly, FULLY relieved her bladder since before going to sleep last night! All she’d done since then was let out two short bursts of relief and more accidental leaks than she could count! The bloated organ was truly exhausted now, having suffered more abuse than it could ever hope to handle.

Unlike the other two girls, the notion of wetting herself didn’t sound even SORT OF appealing. Yes, she didn’t have any underwear to worry about soaking, yes if she parted her legs far enough, it could all just jet out into the dirt leaving her skirt and legs mostly alone. But, Kyle would turn around when he heard her burst, he’d see the stream uncontrollably gushing out between her legs, and he’d think she was a disgusting child. He’d never, ever want to see her again.

This thought, which was now seeming like a very likely outcome whether she wanted it to be or not, made a few errant tears roll down Allison’s face.

Kyle had been craning his neck to gauge how much more time they were going to have to stay in this line for. He was grateful it was moving quickly, he wanted the poor girls to make it in time. He’d feel like the biggest asshole in the universe if even just one of them had an accident all because he hadn’t been able to find somewhere to stop when they’d been on the road.

Not to mention, he… Really DID want to pay a visit to the men’s room soon… He saw one man ahead of them leave the line and begin watering a tree without a care in the world. Truthfully, in any other circumstance Kyle would have done the same thing by now. But, he knew if he did do that, the girls would completely lose it— Possibly in more ways than one.

He really, REALLY hoped that there would be restrooms right next to the entrance here… He—

He heard Allison starting to sniffle. Concerned, he turned around, fearing that one of the girls’ bladders had finally had as much as it could handle. But, when he looked at his girlfriend, there was no stream gushing away beneath her. She was just crying…

Kyle timidly put a hand on her shoulder, “H—Hey,” he said. “It’s alright… We’ll be through this line before you know it!”

Miraculously, some of Allison’s shuddering calmed down. He was touching her… He still wanted to touch her… He hadn’t repulsed him so badly that he could no longer tolerate any physical contact with her. “I—I’m sorry,” she managed to choke out around the lumps of need, humiliation and sadness in her throat.

Kyle stroked his thumb against her cheek, “Why are you sorry?”

“I’m… This is disgusting, isn’t it? I’m nearly… No one wants to see their girlfriend like this…”

“This isn’t your fault,” Kyle assured. “You just have to go. It happens.”

“I—It is my fault…” Allison whimpered, her bladder cramping and contracting hard at the admission, at the acknowledgement of all the terrible decisions she’d made today.

“How?”

“I— I… I was going this morning, and then you called…” Allison said. “And so, I didn’t finish because I wanted to answer. And then I was too embarrassed to admit that I still needed to go, so I kept holding it… And… And I didn’t ask to stop when I should have b—because I felt like an idiot, and—“

“Shhh…” Kyle soothed gently. He felt a bit of a pit in his stomach at the news that Allison had foregone relief just to answer his phone call… “You’re not an idiot. You’re okay. We’re almost at the front, and we’ll find somewhere we can all go right away. It’s all gonna be alright.”

Allison hoped that was true, but not one part of her body believed it; Especially not her bladder. Unless Kyle had a time machine that could get her onto a toilet five hours ago, she was doomed.

Madison had heard Allison’s admission to Kyle, had heard her confirm that she really HAD stopped peeing in order to talk to him. Unlike earlier that morning, instead of amusing her, the idea just made Madison feel bad. Allison had gone without true, total relief for an inhumane length of time now, her bladder must have felt even worse than Madison’s did, and Madison’s felt like an ancient medieval torture device right now!

Yes, Allison had done a very, VERY silly thing, and had compounded that with several more terrible choices, but the pain within her body was no doubt more punishment than all of that warranted. If Madison could move her hands away from her crotch, she’d give her sister a hug to try and comfort her.

That would have to wait until after they finally had empty bladders, though.

Finally, it was their turn in line, and Kyle handed the guy the tickets from his pocket. After a couple seconds, they were granted access inside the event, and everyone was immediately on the lookout for the restrooms.

They found a building which housed restrooms quickly enough, but the girls were faced with yet another line. This one much longer and slower than the one to get into the event.

“Ah, noooo!” Holly whimpered at the very sight of it. She couldn’t last through another massive line! She’d barely made it through the first one! She couldn’t believe herself, but she hadn’t thought for one second that she’d need to do any more waiting once a restroom had actually been located! It hadn’t crossed her mind that there would probably be a line for IT too!

Madison’s stomach sank, dropped down far until it was slamming atop her brimming bladder and pushing forth another leak into her sodden panties. The clammy, reheated material was actually beginning to make her skin itch, it was so uncomfortable to have it rubbing against her body. She couldn’t hold it through that line, she absolutely couldn’t.

Allison’s tears picked up the pace, and the dribbles from her bladder sped up along with them. She was going to lose it. There was no other possibility. She’d come so far, she’d held it so long, and she was going to lose it all in the end anyway!

Kyle looked at the ladies’ room line in dismay, his eyes shifting to the doorway for the men’s room. It didn’t have a line; Kyle assumed most of the men here were opting to just relieve themselves behind bushes or trees rather than walk all the way over here to go… His own bladder lurched at the sight of the room he needed, but then his gaze returned to the girls. How dick-ish would it be if he dashed in there and took care of himself while they had to stand in that huge line and just suffer?

But then, he had a better idea. “The guys’ doesn’t have a line,” he said.

“Nnnnh, we can see that!” Madison grunted. The situation was unfair enough without him mentioning it!

“Well, I mean… Like, I can stand guard for you or something, you know?”

In most circumstances, Holly wouldn’t have dared to use a men’s room. But, she had to pee SO badly right now… And Kyle was here. She trusted Kyle. He wouldn’t let any other guys in until she was finished and re-dressed. “O—Okay,” she said, Madison and Allison nodding in urgent, fevered agreement. They needed to go. They needed to go right the fuck NOW.

The four headed to the men’s room. Luckily, the women in the other line were so focused on retaining their own needs that they didn’t seem to notice. Kyle stood in the doorway as the girls rushed inside and towards the stalls they could use.

Then, they ran into problems.

First, there were only TWO stalls.

Second, both of them were out of order.

“Ohhhhhh,” Holly whined. “I— I can’t… I can’t…” This was the last straw for her bladder, it had loosened itself in anticipation of serious relief, only to have it snatched away at the very last second, and she just started to pee. “No, no, no!” she yelped, panicked. She couldn’t think anymore. She couldn’t hold it anymore! She couldn’t do anything anymore! She had to pee somewhere, ANYWHERE!

There… There was a trash bin next to the sink counter. Trash bins could be toilets. Yes. They were round and had holes in them, so that meant they were toilets. Perfectly logical! Holly scurried over to the little bin, her hands ripping down her shorts along the way, and then she was squatting over it, gushing like there was no tomorrow. Her pee sloshed violently into the plastic bin, sounding like a house spraying against a wall. “Ahhhhhhhhhhhh….” Holly moaned, forgetting everything. She forgot that she was in a men’s bathroom. She forgot that she was urinating into a small plastic trash bin instead of a toilet. She forgot that the shorts and underwear laying around her ankles were sodden. All she could comprehend was that she was PEEING and that it felt wonderful!

Kyle, whom had been facing the other way to give the girls some privacy, called “Um… Everything okay in there?”

“Th—The stalls are out of order!” Madison called back in a panic. “Ahhh… Can’t hold it!”

“I’m sorry,” Kyle said. “We can find somewhere el—“

“N—No time!” Madison wailed. She couldn’t walk anywhere else! She couldn’t wait for another bathroom! She had to go right now, right here! She just needed… Somewhere to sit down… Somewhere that could…

She spotted the sink next to the bin Holly was still using. Madison pulled up her dress and made a run for it. Once at the counter, she tore down her underwear, letting them fall with a wet plop around her feet, then she hoisted herself up and over the sink, sitting herself atop it and just… Relaxing.

There was no slow, dribbling start to her flow, the instant she’d told herself she was sitting on top of something that she could release her pee into, it was hissing out with more power than she’d ever thought possible. She was peeing so hard and forcefully into the basin of the sink that it echoed of the walls, the sound only eclipsed by her moans.

Allison had watched Holly and Madison claim their relief using these unusual receptacles, and now realized with dismay that there weren’t anymore receptacles left in here. The toilets were blocked off, the bin and the one sink were occupied, the urinals were…

The urinals were Allison’s only option!

“Kyle!” Allison yelled as she hobbled towards the row of urinals. “Do NOT let anyone come in here, okay!?”

“I—I’m not,” Kyle promised, turning around slightly. “What are—“

He stopped as he saw Allison hiking up her skirt beside the urinals.

“Allison, I don’t think you can—“

“I HAVE to,” Allison said, truthfully. She had no choice. Either she peed in the urinal, or she peed down her legs. At least this way she’d have a chance…

Most people with Allison’s anatomy couldn’t use urinals very easily. Allison had never even tried to do it before. She’d never had the reason, nor the opportunity to attempt to relieve her bladder into such a fixture. But, she had the opportunity now, and she had MORE than the reason!

It didn’t help that Allison’s mind had completely fogged and clouded over, her need removing her ability to think things through. In a flurry of motions, she’d pulled her skirt up, turned so that her butt was facing the urinal, and tried to angle herself in a way that she thought she’d be able to hit the target.

She tried to look behind herself and gauge if she was ready before she let it go, but just as she did, the timer in her body plummeted right down to zero and she was peeing. She heard the noise of liquid striking porcelain, and didn’t feel anything rolling down her legs, so she felt reasonably sure that the majority of her urine was ending up where she intended for it to. “Hfff…. Hfff…. Ahhhh…”

Immediately, all the pain she’d been enduring throughout the day disappeared, leaving nothing but a calm, tingly feeling as her bladder began to shrink back down to its proper size. It felt so, so good… She was finally peeing, AND she was finally going to get to finish, and—

And… Kyle was still looking at her. Watching her as she… peed… into a urinal… She wanted to yell at him to turn back around, but she’d lost her voice. She was so ashamed, so embarrassed, so certain that he was never going to see her the same way after this, he may even dump her now… All of that took away from the pleasant feelings of her long awaited relief…

Holly finished up first and rose out of her squat. She got some paper towels from beside the sink to dry herself ad her shorts off with. She kept patting the back of her shorts, but the dark spot couldn’t be wiped away completely. She sighed. Maybe she could cover it up with something…

Madison’s flow slowed to a nice, even trickle and then finally ceased. She remained sitting there atop the sink, however, feeling a little dazed. When she was finally able to move again, she dropped down to the floor and just stepped out of her drenched panties. She picked them up and tossed them into the trash where Holly had just been peeing. Her dress was long enough she didn’t need to worry about anyone noticing she was bottomless.

Allison was the last to finish peeing, and when she lowered her skirt and stepped away from the urinal, she saw she had gotten some of her pee on the floor, but it wasn’t as disastrous as it could have been, considering…

She was still blushing scarlet as she and the other girls rinsed off their hands and went back to the doorway. Allison could barely bring herself to speak to Kyle, “I— I’m sorry you had to see me do that…” she mumbled.

“I’m…” Kyle shifted his feet around, needing to go in there and make use of the same fixture Allison had just relieved herself into. “It’s okay, Allison. I’m just glad you made it, and… I dunno, it was actually weirdly hot?”

“What!?” Allison choked out. He was teasing her, surely?

“I dunno,” Kyle repeated. “The way you weren’t gonna let anything stop you from doing what you had to do? I guess I liked it?”

“You… You mean that?”

“I do,” Kyle said. “Now, I gotta go too, okay? Once I’m finished I can SHOW you how much I liked it.”

Allison blushed even more. She wasn’t going to be dumped after all!

