Hitagi Waterfall -- A Monogatari Series Story Staring Senjougahara Hitagi

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-07-08 02:41

Another commission story! Though, really, the challenge this time was I had a lot of free reign on this one, and even got to choose the series and the scenario. Of course I went with Monogatari! Some series I just keep finding myself coming back to, and I really enjoyed writing this one! It's a bit spicy and starts kind of slow, but I hope you guys enjoy it!

Hitagi Waterfall

Senjougahara laid back and stared blankly up at the ceiling light in her bedroom, squinting at the harsh fluorescent glow. She turned her head to the side, glancing over at the phone on her nightstand, and in particular the date on that phone.

April 11th.

In three days, it would be April 14th. Or, more significantly to her, Araragi’s birthday.

While Senjougahara seemed a bit cold and abrasive on the outside, deep down, she did sincerely care about Araragi, and wanted to ensure that she made the day special to him. After all, it was a celebration of his life, and she knew that Araragi could use a reminder that he should cherish that life, and how much he really meant to those around him. Especially her.

Yet, she had hit a wall. Or perhaps it would be more accurate to say she had hit a mental block. Previously, she had shared experiences with him based on what she enjoyed. Stargazing. Going to the planetarium. Quiet drives to various isolated places where they could be alone and enjoy their time together. Yet whenever she asked Araragi what he wanted to do, he would always say something selfless and romantic. Something like “You can choose, as long as I’m with you, I’ll enjoy it.”

Of course, Senjougahara would see right through this as another one of Araragi’s self-sacrificing tendencies, and would often call him out on it. Yet, that didn’t get her any closer to her answer. What would Araragi want to do for his birthday? What could she offer him that he would enjoy?

“Maybe I should chain him up and not let him go until he answers me seriously?” Senjougahara mused to herself before shaking her head, “No, it would undermine me trying to make his birthday special if I have to force it out of him.”

As Senjougahara continued to ponder her conundrum, she heard the phone next to her buzz, and she glanced over. A message from Kanbaru.

“Hey, Senjougahara-senpai! I’m in the city, so I was wondering if you were free today?”

Senjougahara sighed. She didn’t really have anything to do, but she had planned on trying to figure out what she was going to do for Araragi’s birthday today. She was about to come up with some excuse, when she paused. Maybe she could ask Kanbaru. Not specifically about what she should do for Araragi’s birthday, but to give her advice on how she should decide on what to do in general.

“Sure, where do you want to meet up?”

***

Senjougahara found herself sitting at a booth in a cafe, a large window to her left overlooking the crowds of faceless masses shuffling past. Across from her was Kanbaru, wearing an uncharacteristically girly outfit consisting of a frilled blue top and a skirt. Of course, she was still Kanbaru. Her characteristic bike shorts poked out from underneath the pleats, and her arm was wrapped with the ever present bandages keeping her devil’s paw in check. She sipped at the drink in front of her, gazing happily at Senjougahara.

“I didn’t expect you to join me, senpai,” Kanbaru smiled, “You’re usually so busy with school lately.”

“Well, it’s college, so naturally the coursework is harder,” Senjougahara replied, “Not to mention I’m not very athletic these days, so I’d have trouble keeping up with you on a jog.”

“Hey, I’m not the kind of kouhai who’d invite you just to beat you in a race,” Kanbaru shot back.

“True, you’re far more likely to try to get me back to your place,” Senjougahara pointed out.

“I wouldn’t have you cheat on Araragi-senpai!”

“No, you’d just invite him along too, wouldn’t you?”

“It’s not like that at all!” Kanbaru crossed her arms, “Well, I suppose, if you wanted to talk about i-”

In a single moment, Kanbaru had the fork Senjougahara had been using to enjoy a slice of cake pointed directly at her, the sharp prongs glinting in the sunlight from the window.

“I was kidding, kidding!” Kanbaru held up her hands defensively, “I know both of you are off-limits. Speaking of, how are you and Araragi-senpai?”

Senjougahara lowered her fork and let out a sigh, “Well, actually, there’s something regarding Koyomi that I’ve been troubled by lately.”

Kanbaru’s looked up from her drink, her interest piqued, “Oh? I’m assuming it’s not something he did, or you wouldn’t have gotten possessive of him so easily.”

“I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t blame my reactions to your lustful comments on my possessiveness,” Senjougahara replied bluntly, “But you are correct. It wasn’t that Koyomi did anything lately that bothered me. In fact, you could say what’s bothering me is something I’ve done. Or perhaps it’s more accurate to say it’s something I haven’t done.”

“Hmm?” Kanbaru arched an eyebrow, awaiting Senjougahara to continue.

“Well, his birthday is coming up, and I haven’t planned anything,” Senjougahara admitted.

“It’s not like you to be bad at planning.”

“In truth, it’s less that I can’t come up with anything. In fact, if I just wanted to plan a nice, romantic day with me and Koyomi, that comes easily. I doubt Koyomi would be the kind of person who would want a huge party, but if I wanted, I could plan something like that too. But I wanted to do something more meaningful. I want it to be something Koyomi would want.”

“Ah, I see,” Kanbaru nodded, “But I suppose Araragi-senpai is the kind of person who sacrifices what he wants for the sake of others, so you can’t just ask him what he would want to do, right?”

Senjougahara nodded. Kanbaru hit the nail on the head.

“Though, when you look at Araragi-senpai, there’s definitely certain things he’s interested in,” Kanbaru continued, her lips curling into a mischievous smirk, “I could definitely think of certain experiences you could give him to make the day special.”

“I should’ve known you would suggest something like that,” Senjougahara sighed, “Well, it’s not like I hadn’t also considered that. But if you must know, when it comes to my body, I’ve already given myself to Koyomi fully.”

Kanbaru, who had been mid-sip, looked up at Senjougahara wide-eyed and her jaw fell open, letting the tea in her mouth spill out onto the table. She immediately blushed bright-red, and stammered, clearly caught off-guard by Senjougahara’s blunt admission.

“Don’t act so surprised,” Senjougahara crossed her arms, “We’ve been dating for nearly two years at this point, and we’re both in college. It’s only natural we would’ve crossed that line by now. Of course, that also means I can’t simply seduce him as a birthday present. Well, knowing him, he’d probably still happily accept that, but I want it to be more special.”

Kanbaru had quickly shaken off her shock, though her face was still a bright red. She finished wiping up the table and cleared her throat, “Ahem, well, perhaps you could go a bit further this time. Make it a more special for Araragi-senpai.”

“What do you mean?” Senjougahara asked, cocking her head to the side, “Are you suggesting giving the whole of myself to Araragi, us both indulging in our carnal desires, is not the ultimate intimacy one could share with another?”

Kanbaru blushed even deeper, and it was clear Senjougahara’s provocative working conjured images and fantasies in her mind. She shook her head, “N-no, of course that’s special, but I mean indulging in other things. Like Araragi’s fantasies, for instance. Do you know if he has any fetishes?”

“Fetish?”

Kanbaru quickly regained her composure and smirked. They were in her wheelhouse now.

“Well, it’s only natural for some people to have certain lewd interests that fall outside of the norm. For instance, some people might be interested in BL manga, or enjoy stripping down and walking around without getting caught, or fantasize about licking the sweat off of a cute girl, for instance.”

“Why do I feel like those examples were specific to you?” Senjougahara accused.

“Erm, anyway,” Kanbaru deflected, “The point is, some people have sexual interests that are considered ‘strange’ or ‘perverted’ that go beyond even normal sex. I imagine someone like Araragi-senpai would have at least one or two of them.”

Senjougahara paused to take a bite of her cake, which had gone neglected during their conversation. Once she finished her bite, she looked up at Kanbaru.

“So, you’re suggesting that I figure out Koyomi’s fetishes, and then indulge him in them?”

“That’s the gist of it,” Kanbaru nodded.

Senjougahara frowned, “I’m not opposed to such an idea, but if I go that route, I’m basically stuck back at square one. I don’t know what Koyomi’s more perverse interests are, or if he even has any. If he does, he hasn’t discussed them with me.”

“Even if you’ve gone all the way with him, things like fetishes can be considered far more taboo. Some people are embarrassed they have them, or think that they can’t bring them up with their partners for one reason or another. Some are just afraid of being judged. Well, it’s not like I know a lot about that from personal experience. These are just things I’ve read about in doujins and stuff,” Kanbaru admitted.

“So, if he is hiding them from me, how am I supposed to figure out what he likes?”

“Isn’t it obvious?” Kanbaru smirked, “Porn! Araragi-senpai’s gotta be hiding some sort of porn stash in his room somewhere, and if he has any fetishes, you can find out that way!”

“I do suppose that’s the more pragmatic approach, considering I doubt Koyomi would come clean if I asked him about something like that directly,” Senjougahara nodded.

“So, there you go! Find out what he’s into, and then plan your birthday gift around that!” Kanbaru smirked.

“I can’t believe we landed on such a lewd solution. Well, then again, I was asking you for help, so I suppose it was only natural. If I had taken this to Hanekawa, I’m sure we would’ve come up with something far more reasonable.”

“Hey, it’s totally reasonable to do something like that for your boyfriend! Weren’t you the one who pointed out you were both in college already?” Kanbaru shot back.

“Well, I’m not dissatisfied with something like that,” Senjougahara concluded, “I suppose it’s fitting in a way, given it’s Koyomi we’re talking about.”

As the conversation shifted away from Araragi and his fetishes, Senjougahara allowed herself to relax a little. On one hand, she now had the beginnings of a plan for Araragi’s birthday. On the other hand, she was nervous about finding out what Araragi liked.

After their meeting at the cafe, Senjougahara said her goodbyes to Kanbaru, and pulled out her phone to text Araragi. In order to figure out what his fetishes were, she’d need access to his room. The easiest way to do that was to offer to come over and spend the night. It was something she wanted to do anyway, since outside of calls and texts, and short meetings between classes, they hadn’t seen much of each other that week.

She shot him a message, and naturally he was more than eager to invite her over for the night. Senjougahara allowed herself a small smile as she returned to her own place to get ready, her heart racing as she thought about what she’d find at Araragi’s place, and what it meant she’d have to do for him for his birthday.

***

That night, Senjougahara found herself sitting in Araragi’s room. She was sitting with her body pressed against him as the two watched some random movie they had picked out, mostly as background noise as they cuddled and enjoyed each other’s company. Yet even as Senjougahara closed her eyes and let out a soft, contented sigh, in the back of her mind the nervousness and excitement for her true endeavor buzzed in constant reminder.

“Ah, Hitagi, mind if I pause and get up?” Araragi spoke, “I gotta use the toilet.”

“That’s fine,” Hitagi nodded, pulling herself from him to give him space to get up, “Take your time.”

“I’ll be right back.”

Araragi quickly left the room, and Senjougahara’s expression immediately shifted. Her eyes narrowed, and she immediately bent over to rummage around. She didn’t know how much time she would have before Araragi returned, so she had to make every second count. She first checked underneath the bed. The obvious place, but perhaps that’s why she found it empty aside from a discarded pair of boxers and a single sock. She immediately turned to Araragi’s dresser, opening each drawer and moving his clothes out of the way. Still nothing.

With a grunt of irritation, Senjougahara checked the last place she could think of. Araragi’s desk. She checked the top drawer and found nothing but graded tests, discarded notes, and various scraps of other papers. She then turned to the bottom drawer and frowned when she saw more of the same, just a bunch of text books. But then a flash of something colorful caught her eye, and she moved the textbooks out of the way.

“Found them,” Senjougahara spoke aloud in a hushed whisper.

Sure enough, at the bottom of the desk drawer, buried underneath schoolwork and textbooks, were a bunch of porn magazines. Senjougahara grabbed the stack and began skimming through them quickly. Some images were of real women, while others were illustrations, and there were a few doujins mixed in. Most of them were relatively normal, just naked women in provocative poses or having sex. Senjougahara narrowed her eyes when she realized that more than a few of them were of big-breasted women with glasses. She flared a bit with jealousy when she thought about a certain know-it-all former classmate and mutual friend.

As she kept looking, however, she finally found something out of the ordinary. It was a doujin where the girl on the cover was fully dressed. Upon closer inspection, she was standing with her legs pressed together, and a visible wet stain running down the front of her skirt and her legs. She was clearly in a position where she had just peed herself.

Her curiosity piqued, Senjougahara opened the doujin. It started off with an office woman, squirming around and complaining that she had not had a break all day. She had to pee, and just had to finish up some task first before she could finally go. She boarded an elevator with a guy she apparently liked, and was embarrassed to be talking to him when she had to pee so bad.

The elevator then stopped, apparently breaking down, and the woman began to panic, being close to her limit. She tried to hide her urge from the guy, but he picked up on it pretty quickly. She tried to convince him it wasn’t that bad and she could hold it, but after 30 minutes of waiting without the elevator being fixed, she was at her limit.

She started leaking, and the guy urged her to go, saying she could blame the puddle on him. She refused, but after a few more leaks, she realized she couldn’t hold it any more. She was about to agree and squat down, but then the elevator started moving again. Unfortunately, she just couldn’t hold it anymore, and she wound up wetting herself completely. There was then a scene where the guy helped her hide her accident until she got to the bathroom, and given that it was an H doujin, they wound up having sex afterwards.

After having read it, Senjougahara found some other doujins with a similar topic. Some attractive woman getting caught out having to pee, but being unable to go, and ultimately wetting herself.

From what Kanbaru was saying earlier, it certainly seemed like this was Araragi’s fetish.

Before Senjougahara could process this, however, she heard footsteps in the hall, and realized Araragi was on his way back. She quickly put back his secret stash and tucked it underneath the textbooks before slamming the desk drawer closed and practically leaping back to where she had been sitting when he left.

“Sorry about that, I’m back,” Araragi replied as he entered the room.

“You don’t have to apologize,” Senjougahara replied, trying to remain composed after her discovery. Inside, however, her heart was racing, and her mind was reeling from the images and covers of the desperate girls she had just seen.

So, Koyomi’s fetish is… girls needing to pee?

Perhaps because she was thinking about it, but as she shifted positions, she became acutely aware of her own bladder, and she stood up before Araragi had the chance to sit back down.

“Actually, before you start, I’m also going to head to the toilet really quick.”

Senjougahara caught Araragi’s eyes widened, as if she had piqued his interest with her words. If the glaring evidence in his desk drawer hadn’t been confirmation enough, she was now sure that Araragi had an interest in girls having to pee. She felt her cheeks redden as she quickened past him and left the room.

She made her way to the toilet and entered, feeling extra self-conscious as she relieved herself. As she listened to her own stream trickle out and splash into the toilet bowl, she couldn’t get the image of that office lady squirming around desperately, before wetting herself.

She couldn’t quite understand what Araragi found sexy about that kind of scenario. It was uncomfortable, awkward, and dirty to wet yourself. Senjougahara tried to recall the last time she even came close to wetting herself like that. Outside of a few times when she was little, the latest was back when she was still on the track team. She had been at the school’s sports festival and got caught up with a full bladder right before her leg of the relay race. She vividly recalled nearly bursting as she sprinted full-speed, each jolt through her legs nearly causing her to lose control. She had barely held on long enough to celebrate with her team before rushing off to the toilets. After such a close call, she was super careful about using the bathroom at opportune times.

Her heart raced as she thought about doing something like that for Araragi? What would that even look like? Would she tell him that she was going to hold it for him? Would she simply hold it in and let herself get desperate before letting him know? Did she want to do such a humiliating thing as wet herself in front of him?

Without coming to any conclusion, Senjougahara finished up peeing and cleaned herself up before fixing her clothes. She joined Araragi back in the bedroom, but her mind could not focus on their conversation or the movie playing. All she could think about was the fetish she had discovered, and what she was going to do about it for his birthday.

***

The next morning, Senjougahara found herself driving to the Kanbaru residence. She was dressed in casual wear, a light pink blouse reminiscent of the color of their old uniforms, though with frilly sleeves and a white ribbon on the front, as well as a dark blue skirt and thigh high socks.

Between her being busy with college, her relationship with Araragi, and the distance between the city where her new apartment was and the town she used to call home, Senjougahara rarely got a chance to visit Kanbaru. Today, however, she needed some more advice, and since snooping around and finding Araragi’s fetish in the first place was her idea, she figured Kanbaru was the best person to come to.

She had sent her a message that morning, explaining in vague terms that she had found something out about Araragi’s fetish, but needed more advice. Naturally, Kanbaru had eagerly invited her over. And so, here Senjougahara was. She parked on the street in front of Kanbaru’s home and stepped out, walking up to the front gate.

“Hey, Senjougahara-senpai!” Kanbaru called excitedly, sliding open the front gates. She was dressed in a short orange tank top that showed off a lot of her midriff, and very short white shorts, showing off much of her bare legs. She had clearly been waiting for Senjougahara to arrive.

“Hello,” Senjougahara greeted nervously.

“Come on, let’s take this to my room! I want to hear the juicy details!”

Senjougahara wanted to remind her kouhai that she was here for advice, and not to gossip about Araragi’s fetish. Unfortunately, before she could say as much, Kanbaru was whisking her through the rest of the house, leading her up to her bedroom.

Upon opening the door, Senjougahara was immediately struck by how large and messy Kanbaru’s room was. There were books, clothes, and empty cans of what looked to be some sort of sports drink discarded all over the floor, and she found it hard to navigate as Kanbaru led her to the table for them both to kneel down at.

“So, what happened?” Kanbaru asked.

“Well, I did manage to find Koyomi’s stash of dirty magazines,” Senjougahara admitted, “And while most of them were relatively normal, I did find a few odd ones, and I think I’ve uncovered something about Koyomi’s fetish.”

“So, so,” Kanbaru’s eyes were practically glistening, “What is it?”

“I don’t know if I’m comfortable sharing that information with you. No, I think I’m especially wary of sharing that information with you.”

“Oh come on! You’re not going to tell me?”

“I mean, Koyomi was keeping it a secret for a reason. And I don’t even know because I asked him. I snooped around his room and found out that way. This isn’t even information I should know yet, let alone something I should be sharing with you.”

“Aw,” Kanbaru’s expression immediately dropped.

“But, I will say that… I’m feeling a bit conflicted about it,” Senjougahara admitted.

“Oh? Is it that bad?”

“I wouldn’t say that,” Senjougahara shook her head, “I just find it hard to understand why Koyomi would be into it, and admittedly I’m a bit anxious about actually indulging in it for him.”

“Well, that’s natural,” Kanbaru nodded, “I mean, the definition of a fetish is that it’s going to be something that most people don’t find sexy, or rather, it’s something that it’s unusual to be attracted to in the first place. Though, if you ask him, there’s usually some reason why he finds whatever it is attractive.”

“I suppose so,” Senjougahara nodded. She recalled the image of the office lady wetting herself once again, and tried to imagine what Araragi would find sexy about it. She supposed the pose was somewhat provocative, and the manga had focused on an upskirt of the woman’s panties to show off the wetting fully, so she could kind of see it, but she still didn’t know how to feel about it. After all, if she was really going to do this for Araragi, it wouldn’t be a random office lady, but her. Senjougahara tried to imagine herself in that position, doubled over, legs pressed together as she peed herself. The image made her heart race and her face flush with embarrassment, and she shook her head.

“But anyway, I suppose there’s not really much you can do about being nervous about trying it. I mean, it’s not like it’s something you can practice ahead of time, unless…”

Senjougahara looked up, “Unless what?”

“W-well, no, nevermind,” Kanbaru blushed, “I was going to make a joke about how you could try it out with me, but you’re trying to take this seriously, so-”

“That might be a good idea.”

“W-wh-what?” Kanbaru blushed.

“Well, I just mean, maybe if I can try it out before I do it with Koyomi, I would know whether it’s something I’d want to go through with. So maybe I should do it here, with you.”

“W-w-wait! Wait wait!” Kanbaru blushed even further, holding up her hands, “Wh-what exactly are you suggesting here, we can’t, I mean, if you do it with me-”

“Aren’t you the one who suggested it? I’m just agreeing that it might be worthwhile,” Senjougahara pointed out, “Although, I suppose that does mean I’ll have to tell you what Koyomi’s fetish is, which is a bit problematic. If I do, you have to promise me you won’t tell another soul, even Koyomi himself.”

“I-I promise,” Kanbaru nodded, still clearly flustered, “But are you seriously suggesting we do… whatever it is together!?”

“Well, I won’t force you, but yes, I am serious. You see, Koyomi’s fetish is pee desperation. Or more specifically, it seems he’s into scenarios where a girl is desperate to pee, and eventually wets herself.”

Kanbaru let out a breath she didn’t realize she was holding, and she relaxed considerably, “Oh, It was something like that. I thought it was something way more sexual.”

“You don’t seem all that surprised,” Senjougahara pointed out.

“No, well, I mean, yeah, I guess it’s a bit unusual, but in the long run I guess that’s a pretty tame one, compared to some of the others I can think of,” Kanbaru pointed out.

Senjougahara looked around the room at all the books stacked around her. All the BL novels and other raunchy fiction. She reached over and flicked Kanbaru on the forehead.

“These books have been filling your head with lewd thoughts.”

“Hah, as if I need the help of these books to be lewd,” Kanbaru boasted, as though it were an accomplishment, “B-but anyway, do you seriously want to try it out? Wetting yourself, I mean? If it makes you uncomfortable, you don’t have to try it just for Araragi’s sake. I’m sure the reason he hasn’t brought it up to you is because he doesn’t want you to feel forced into that in the first place.”

“No, it’s fine,” Senjougahara shook her head, “If it’s for Koyomi, I’m willing to at least try it. I think it’ll be less embarrassing wetting myself in front of another girl first, so doing it in front of you will get me used to it before I do it for Araragi. Well, that’s only if you want to help. I know ultimately it’s a weird request.”

“No no, it’s fine! I’m down to help!” Kanbaru smiled, “In fact, if it’ll make you feel less embarrassed, I can hold it alongside you.”

“You really don’t have to do that,” Senjougahara replied.

“No, it’s fine, I kind of want to try it too,” Kanbaru admitted.

“You better not be trying it because you know it’s Koyomi’s fetish.”

“Who, me? I’d never do that!”

Senjougahara shot Kanbaru a death glare, and she held up her hands defensively.

“I’m serious! It’s not for anything nefarious like that! Consider it simple curiosity!”

“You’re helpless.”

With that settled, the two girls decided to prepare. Kanbaru ran off to the kitchen to get some water and supplies, and Senjougahara sat down, closing her eyes and letting out a light sigh. She couldn’t believe she was about to do this. Her heart raced in her chest as she awaited Kanbaru’s return. Perhaps because she knew what she was about to do, she felt the slightest of nags from her bladder already, and shifted her position.

“I’m back!” Kanbaru triumphantly announced.

She had returned with multiple bottles of water, a few cans of the sports drink, and a small pill bottle. She placed them out on the table and sat down across from Senjougahara, splitting up the drinks evenly.

“What are the pills for?” Senjougahara asked, puzzled.

“They’re a diuretic!”

Senjougahara stared blankly at Kanbaru before narrowing her eyes suspiciously.

“Hey, don’t look at me like that! I borrowed them from my grandmother. Well, not that I told her, but I’ll put them back when we’re done.”

She handed one small pill to Senjougahara, who looked down at it nervously.

“Are you sure this is safe?”

“Yeah, they’re made from a natural extract of dandelion and horsetail. My grandmother takes them for her kidneys or something,” Kanbaru explained. She popped one into her mouth before Senjougahara could protest, and downed it with a large swig from one of her water bottles.

Senjougahara hesitated before popping the diuretic pill into her mouth and washing it down as well. She downed about half the bottle and let out a soft breath. She felt the nagging in her bladder again, though it had to have been more psychosomatic than a legitimate response from the pill and the water. Senjougahara knew both would take a while to take effect on her bladder. Now all they had to do was wait.

The two continued to talk and drink for a bit before Senjougahara started noticing the uncomfortable pressure in her abdomen. She shuffled slightly in place as she finished off her first water bottle and checked the time. It had only been fifteen minutes since they started. She looked down nervously at the bottle of diuretic pills. She had never taken anything like that before, and had no idea how that would affect her ability to hold it.

She looked across at Kanbaru, who still seemed totally fine. Senjougahara seriously wondered if Kanbaru had never done anything like this before. She seemed unusually prepared for it, and didn’t seem bothered at all. Perhaps she was thinking too much about it. She tried to push the feelings to the back of her mind as she reached for one of the sports drinks Kanbaru had offered her. It clearly matched the discarded cans surrounding them in the room.

“You’ve taken a liking to this brand, I see,” Senjougahara pointed out, trying to make conversation to take her mind off of her growing need.

“Hehehe, I guess so,” Kanbaru scratched the back of her head, “It’s really refreshing, and helps prevent dehydration on long runs.”

“I see,” Senjougahara nodded. She cracked open the can and took a sip. It was citrusy, somewhat tart, and not overly sweet. She could see why Kanbaru enjoyed it, though perhaps the excess of cans surrounding her was a bit much.

As Senjougahara sipped, however, she felt a wave of pressure from her bladder, and she squeezed her thighs together, looking down nervously. Her body was definitely reacting to the extra fluid intake. She wondered if it was just in her head because she was thinking too much about it, or if the diuretic pill was starting to take effect.

“How are you feeling?” Kanbaru asked, possibly having noticed Senjougahara’s squirming.

“I’m definitely starting to feel the urge,” Senjougahara admitted, “It’s not bad yet, but it’s at the point that, if I were relaxing at home or there was a toilet right there, I’d go.”

“I’m about the same,” Kanbaru admitted, “I gotta go a bit, but I’m still good.”

That was a bit surprising to Senjougahara. Kanbaru didn’t look like she had to go at all. Or perhaps she just hadn’t picked up on it. Maybe Senjougahara was being too obvious with her need, or maybe it was less noticeable than she thought it was.

She watched Kanbaru carefully as she reached for one of her own can of the sports drink and cracked it open. She downed it in one go, letting out a refreshed sigh and tossed the can to the side. It bounced and joined a bunch of other cans in the trash piled around them. Kanbaru then leaned back, looking pretty relaxed, and Senjougahara wondered if she hadn’t been lying about feeling it already to make her feel better. But then she noticed her tense up, shaking her leg slightly as she shifted.

Seeing Kanbaru start to show signs of needing to pee only made Senjougahara more aware of her own bladder. She felt it spasm sympathetically as she shifted back, and she reached down to rub her stomach slightly. She could feel the urge building up, no doubt helped by the water making its way through her body. Senjougahara wriggled in place a bit as she took another swig from her can. She didn’t down it in one go like Kanbaru, but she left it less than half full as she placed it back on the table.

The time seemed to go by more slowly as both Senjougahara and Kanbaru waited. It was becoming harder for Senjougahara to simply push her need to the back of her mind and focus on the conversation, and she found herself pressing her thighs together more frequently. For Kanbaru’s part, she seemed relatively relaxed, and was even sitting criss-cross, keeping her legs spread. Even then, though, she was shaking her knees a little and would occasionally place a hand on the floor between her legs. Not quite holding herself, but still clearly putting some pressure on her crotch.

About an hour into it, and Senjougahara was really starting to feel the effects of her filling bladder. Her heart raced nervously as she felt the uncomfortable pressure mounting in her lower abdomen. She had her thighs pressed together tightly, and was trying to ignore the nagging waves that came each time she took a sip of her water bottle. Kanbaru looked more composed, but she was sitting stiffly now, and she had shifted her position, no longer keeping her legs spread apart.

“How are you holding up?” Kanbaru asked again, “I’m starting to really need to go.”

Senjougahara nodded, blushing slightly, “Same here. I’m definitely at the stage where I’d make it a priority to head to the toilet, even if I were in the middle of class or driving.”

She placed a hand on her stomach and felt her bladder. It wasn’t quite swelling out just yet, but she could tell it was full, and if she put pressure on it with her hand, it would send a spike of pressure through her. She braced herself as she felt an urgent wave wash over her, shaking her legs as she resisted the urge to grab herself.

“This is uncomfortable,” Senjougahara noted, “I don’t understand what Koyomi finds attractive about this.”

“Well, it might be the erotic nature of it,” Kanbaru replied, “I mean, when you’re squirming around needing to pee, you have your legs pressed together, and your hand is near your crotch. Your breathing gets heavy and ragged, and you dance around provocatively.”

Senjougahara blushed as she looked down at herself, and then over at Kanbaru. They were both squirming around, somewhat red-faced as they pressed their legs together. Kanbaru was also playing it up, openly grabbing herself and shaking her hips as she tried to emphasize her point. Once again, Senjougahara could kind of see where she was coming from.

“Then again, if that’s it, then wouldn’t it just be better to tease Araragi more conventionally?” Senjougahara pointed out, leaning back and crossing her legs to try to find a more comfortable position.

“That would cover the erotic side, but there’s also the factor of vulnerability, and need,” Kanbaru answered.

“Hmm?” Senjougahara asked, tilting her head to the side.

“Look at it this way. When you have to pee, your body desperately needs something, and you’re fighting against it. That struggle of desperately needing to relieve yourself, as you try your best to hold it in, leaves you vulnerable. In the end, you’re at the mercy of your body.”

“I suppose,” Senjougahara nodded, squirming in place. The shift of their discussion had only made her need worse, and the fact that she couldn’t focus on the conversation to get her mind off of it did nothing to help.

Kanbaru leaned forwards, pressing both hands against her crotch as she spoke, “Not to mention, the pressure sits at the core of your abdomen, and the pressure is right there at your crotch. I hear some people even get turned on when they hold it.”

Senjougahara reached down and felt her bladder, trying to imagine getting aroused by the uncomfortable pressure mounting down there. She squeezed her thighs together and squirmed, more aware of the movements rubbing her crotch against her panties. Once again, she could somewhat understand that.

As she shuffled in place, Kanbaru continued, “Think about a time you really had to pee, and then finally got to go. The release can be blissful, and pleasurable in and of itself.”

“You’re talking more and more like you’re the one who has this fetish,” Senjougahara pointed out.

Kanbaru frowned, “I told you, I’m just curious about these things! But I can understand where Araragi-senpai is coming from.”

“Well, it’s true that if I think about it that way, I can definitely understand why Koyomi would find this appealing,” Senjougahara admitted.

“That’s the spirit!” Kanbaru smiled. She moved suddenly, but then immediately clamped down on her crotch, wincing as she squeezed her legs together, “Ah, but, it’s really getting uncomfortable, isn’t it?”

Senjougahara nodded. The diuretic was definitely working at this point, and she could feel her bladder filling up even faster. Given Kanbaru’s shameless holding, Senjougahara reluctantly gave in and snaked her hand down, putting extra pressure on her crotch. The relief it provided was appreciated, but fleeting, as soon after she felt her bladder send another pressure wave through her body.

Tensing up, she squirmed in place and glanced to the door to Kanbaru’s bedroom. She knew just down the hall there was a toilet there, and the only thing preventing her from getting up and just going was the fact that she was supposed to practice wetting herself. She paused. She was already in bad shape, but she didn’t think she was that close to wetting herself.

“This is harder than expected, huh?” Kanbaru asked, clamping her hands down on her own crotch as she bit her lip. She tentatively reached for more water, but only took a few sips before tensing up and crossing her legs together tightly.

“I’m definitely getting desperate, but I don’t feel like I’m that close to wetting myself,” Senjougahara admitted.

“Hmm,” Kanbaru paused, “Hey, maybe we should go for a walk.”

Senjougahara didn’t like the idea of walking around in this state, “Are you sure that’s a good idea?”

“Think about it, it’ll be harder to hold it if we’re walking around instead of just sitting here, and on top of that, I doubt you’re planning on just holding it like this in front of Araragi-senpai, right? You’ll probably have to hold it while you’re doing other things,” Kanbaru pointed out, “Also, when it gets worse, we won’t be tempted just to give up and run to the toilet if we don’t have one nearby.”

Senjougahara felt her full bladder. It was true that she was starting to get tempted just to call it early, especially with how quickly the pressure was starting to mount.

“That’s true, but I don’t want to be seen,” Senjougahara pointed out.

“We can go to the abandoned shrine,” Kanbaru suggested, “Pretty much no one goes up there, and the path is pretty remote.”

“I suppose that’s true,” Senjougahara nodded. She weighed her options. On one hand, if they stayed here, she could hold it in the privacy of Kanbaru’s bedroom, and she could continue sitting down instead of forcing herself to walk with a full bladder. On the other hand, as she got more desperate, she’d only be more and more tempted to give in and head to the toilet, and a walk would at least give her something else to focus on, “Perhaps a walk wouldn’t hurt.”

Kanbaru nodded, “Great! I’ll go grab some stuf-ah!”

Kanbaru jumped up to grab stuff for their walk, but was immediately hit with a desperate wave. She doubled over and braced herself as she clamped her hands down on her crotch, and from Senjougahara’s position, she got a clear view of her ass and the tips of her fingers poking out between her legs as she held on. Once again, she could definitely see why something like that might be attractive to Araragi.

“I’m fine!” Kanbaru called, before heading off.

She returned with a small pack and packed in plenty of water bottles, a couple of towels, and two changes of clothes so they wouldn’t have to walk back with wet stains on their bottoms.

“You ready to go?”

Senjougahara nodded and stood up, and just like Kanbaru, she immediately felt her bladder react to the changing position. A strong wave of desperation shot through her, and she rubbed her abdomen as she squeezed at her crotch with her other hand. She shuffled in place, shifting from foot to foot urgently, and clenched her teeth until the wave passed.

“Let’s go,” Senjougahara nodded.

If sitting around and holding it was bad, walking was far worse. As the two set off from Kanbaru’s house, Senjougahara almost immediately regretted her decision. Each step felt tortuous, t usually small jolts from each step being amplified as they sent vibrations through Senjougahara’s bladder. She shuffled awkwardly as she squeezed her thighs together between each step.

This is for Koyomi. This is for Koyomi. Senjougahara chanted to herself, resisting the urge to ask Kanbaru for them to turn back before they got too far away from her house.

In front of her, Kanbaru seemed to be doing better, if only marginally. She was walking stiffly, and she was playing with the hem of her shorts with her fingers nervously, clearly resisting the urge to openly hold herself.

They slowly reached where the residential area reached a more forested walkway heading towards the shrine. Now that they had more privacy, Kanbaru wasted no time grabbing herself again. She shuffled desperately in place, and Senjougahara felt her own bladder spasm sympathetically as she watched her. Kanbaru then stopped, dancing in place briefly before regaining control. As she did, she regained control, and turned around.

“This is harder than I thought,” Kanbaru pointed out, “I’m really feeling it.”

“Same, I’m quite desperate,” Senjougahara admitted.

“Well, I suppose that’s the idea,” Kanbaru smiled, though it was clear she was fighting her full bladder as well. Despite this, she reached for the pack and then pulled out a water bottle, handing it to Senjougahara before grabbing one herself, “We should make sure to keep drinking.”

Senjougahara looked at the water bottle hesitantly. She didn’t want any more liquid inside of her, but she supposed her ultimate goal was wetting herself anyway, so she supposed more water wouldn’t hurt. She took the bottle and opened it, taking a large swig. Almost immediately she felt the sensation hit her abdomen, and her bladder spasmed in protest. Bracing herself, she took another large swig, and watched Kanbaru do the same.

The two finished their bottles, dancing in place desperately before setting back off down the trail. Senjougahara allowed herself to squeeze her crotch discreetly as she walked along, shuffling more than walking with how full her bladder was. She could feel it starting to swell against the waistband of her skirt, and she bit her lip as she powered forwards, trying to ignore the sloshing vibrations each step sent through it.

Before her, Kanbaru was shamelessly squirming, hands jammed between her legs as she danced with each step. She was letting out soft moans as she fought against her full bladder, which was pretty visible given that her top bore her midriff. Even Senjougahara could see it when Kanbaru turned around to check that she was still behind her.

By the time the two were halfway to the shrine, Senjougahara was absolutely bursting. She could feel sweat beading on her forehead, more from the effort of holding it in than the gentle hike up the slight incline. She had given in and was now holding her crotch with one hand, squirming and wriggling with each step. Every time they stopped, she squeezed and crossed her legs tightly, and she found herself falling behind Kanbaru.

Kanbaru herself was struggling as well, even though she was keeping a better pace than Senjougahara. Her bladder was really starting to bulge, and she was trying to tug at her waistband to find a more comfortable position. She was dancing in place desperately as she walked, and she couldn’t sit still. Each step went straight to her bladder, and she was finding it harder and harder to hold it.

“Just the steps up to the shrine left,” Kanbaru announced, glancing up at the long stairway before them, “I’m absolutely bursting.”

“Me too,” Senjougahara admitted, “I don’t know how much longer I can take this.”

“Let’s try to get to the top, at least!” Kanbaru urged, “Though, with all these stairs, that’s going to be tricky.”

Kanbaru was right. If walking was bad enough, then the stairs were absolute torture. Each time Senjougahara had to lift her leg to take the next step, the pressure in her abdomen mounted, and she felt like she was on the verge of losing control. Kanbaru wasn’t faring much better, stopping every few steps and squeezing her eyes shut. Both of them were now holding themselves openly, unable to contain themselves without the extra pressure from their hands clamping down on their crotches.

“I’m gonna leak,” Kanbaru whined, dancing around and crossing her legs. She reached down and unbuttoned her shorts, letting out a slight sigh of relief with the extra pressure from her waistband gone. She then jammed her hands down between her legs once again and took another few steps.

Senjougahara was tempted to do the same, but if she tried the same with her skirt, she knew it would start slipping down her legs. Instead, she rubbed her swollen bladder and pressed her legs tightly together before steeling herself for the next step.

Somehow, the two managed to climb up the long path, bursting all the way, until the shrine came into view up ahead. Unfortunately, that still meant they had quite a few steps left to go, and each one was a struggle. Senjougahara felt the pee inside her try to squeeze out with each step climbed, and she was breathing heavily, sweating as she tried to hold it in. Bracing herself for the next step, Senjougahara lifted her leg and was hit with a strong wave of pressure.

She gasped, doubling over and clamping her hands down as she placed her leg back down and squeezed her thighs tightly. She felt herself let out a small leak, the hot spurt soaking into her panties. She blushed furiously, feeling the wet patch against her crotch. She tensed herself up and fought back to regain control. As soon as she did, she once again attempted to take the next step.

Unfortunately, Senjougahara was quickly reaching her limits, and making it to the top of the shrine seemed like an impossible task. Every few steps she felt herself dribble again, and her panties were becoming more and more wet. No matter how hard she clamped down or braced herself, she could no longer walk without leaking, and she knew it was only a matter of time before she soaked her panties completely and started dripping on the steps beneath her.

Kanbaru had also seemingly leaked quite a few times at this point, a visible wet patch appearing between her fingers. Senjougahara got a clearer view of it every time Kanbaru doubled over. Still, Kanbaru seemed determined to make it to the top, squeezing and dancing in place frantically with each step.

Senjougahara tried to keep up, but she knew she was fighting a losing battle. As she took another step, she felt herself leak again. This time, however, it was not a small dribble, but a full-on spurt that soaked through her panties and started dribbling down her legs. She gasped and froze, legs shaking as she squeezed her muscles tightly, trying to stop the flow.

She barely managed it, but she was now past her body’s limits. She couldn’t move a single muscle. She doubled over, closing her eyes and trying to fight the wave, but it wouldn’t let up. Her bladder was too full, and her desperation would not subside. Senjougahara’s bladder gave one final squeeze, and she felt another leak burst out of her. It soaked through her panties and her skirt, dripping through her fingers as she fought to contain the inevitable flood.

That was the breaking point. She managed to slow the flow to a short dribble for the briefest of moments, but she was on the verge of losing control. In the next instant, she burst. She felt her hot pee spray out of her in a strong stream, soaking through her skirt and spraying out like a waterfall between her legs. She blushed as she doubled over, spreading her legs and removing her hands to try to contain the damage, although she knew her skirt was already soaked.

Kanbaru whirled around in surprise as she heard Senjougahara wetting herself behind her. The sight was too much for Kanbaru’s taxed bladder, and she only had a few seconds to spread her own legs before she too lost control. Her pee gushed out in a strong torrent, spraying hard enough that it totally soaked straight through her shorts like they weren’t there.

Senjougahara let out a relieved sigh as she totally wet herself, finally feeling the intense pressure slowly start to subside as the hot liquid poured down her legs and pooled at her feet. Her puddle began flowing down the steps to the shrine, trickling down like a river at she emptied her overfilled bladder.

Kanbaru, likewise, continued peeing full force, her puddle growing and pooling with Senjougaha’s on the steps below her. She closed her eyes and let out a relieved moan, blushing red-faced as she took in the relief.

Senjougahara blushed as she watched her relieve herself too. Kanbaru had said that some people feel aroused holding it in. Senjougahara wasn’t sure if she would call it arousal, but as she felt her body relax as the relief washed over her, she could understand why some people would find this kind of final release after enduring a full bladder pleasurable.

The two peed for quite some time before Senjougahara’s flow finally started to taper off. Clearly the diuretic had done its job. Kanbaru finished up shortly after, and the two were left panting, legs dripping with their pee as they looked down at the damage. Senjougahara’s skirt was soaked and her legs were still glistening with wetness. Kanbaru’s shorts, likewise, were drenched with pee, and had even gone a bit see-through due to their lighter color, giving a clear view of her panties through the wet fabric. The puddles had pooled into a solid river that was flowing down the steps and soaking into them slowly, making them dark as it trickled down.

“I can’t believe I wet myself,” Senjougahara pointed out, blushing. She felt embarrassed, and a bit guilty, like she had done something wrong, even though this had been her intention.

“That was definitely something,” Kanbaru nodded, “Though I gotta admit, finally letting go after holding it for so long felt amazing.”

“I suppose it does leave you with a warm feeling,” Senjougahara nodded.

“So, do you think you’d do something like this with Araragi-senpai?”

Senjougahara paused. She thought about what it would be stand right next to Araragi, squirming desperately like she had been. She imagined struggling to hold it in until she couldn’t anymore, and then losing control in front of him. It was a totally embarrassing, humiliating prospect. But then she also considered Araragi’s face, blushing as he watched her intently. She could imagine his amazement as he watched her, and her heart raced.

“I’ll consider it,” Senjougahara answered.

“So, you didn’t hate it, then?” Kanbaru asked.

“Parts of it were uncomfortable, but other parts of it were bearable, and if it’s for Koyomi…” Senjougahara trailed off, shaking her head. She had a lot to think about.

Kanbaru smirked, then turned her attention forwards, motioning to her bag and the dry clothes she had brought for them. “We should head up to the shrine. We could use some privacy to change out of these wet clothes.”

Senjougahara agreed, and the two continued up the remaining stairs, the task much more trivial now that they had empty bladders. After they cleaned themselves up and changed, they wound up walking back down, and Senjougahara blushed as she passed by the puddles they had left, only just starting to slowly dry in the sun filtering in through the trees around them. If this was something Araragi enjoyed, she could-- just maybe-- see herself doing this for him for his birthday.

The End

