Master and Servant: A Redux - Page 2

Author: Sunny

*025*2019-01-22 04:24

Ch. 4: Losing Control

Hermione looked forward to the rest of the evening. She was giddy at the prospect of being able to soak her panties with reckless abandon, especially knowing someone in the castle was eager for her to do so. She drank twice as much as she normally did at dinner and made sure to drink plenty of water during her study time in the library too. It was while she was putting her books away, thankfully in a rather deserted section dedicated to the Goblin Rebellion of the 12th century, that her bladder made itself known since Draco had cleaned her up in the alcove. She had just moved up on her tip toes to shelve a particularly large tomb when her bladder gave a sudden, tyrannical throb. She knew two things very, very fast: 1. Her bladder was very, very full and 2. She was going to pee.

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSTT!!!!

“Aaah…aaah…!” Hermione gasped, shocked by the sudden force of the torrent of liquid unexpectedly pouring out of her. She looked down, almost to affirm what was happening. Golden pee was spraying hot and fast down her legs, soaking into her dark school skirt, and splashing down to the floor. She almost moaned at the sight of it and spread her legs apart so that her pee could find the flagstone freely. It still streamed down the inner and back of her thighs regardless. She lifted up the front of her sopping wet skirt and gasped again as the relentless flow arched out and splashed down against the bookshelf.

‘Oh God…I’m peeing…I’m peeing all over the books…’ Hermione thought, letting her head fall back with pleasure. That was so naughty, and it felt so good. She peed for well over a minute and when she was finished there was not an inch of her below the waist that was dry. Her puddle, she noted with pride, was enormous. It stretched nearly all the way to the bookshelf at the opposite isle.

“What is going on back there?” Madame Pince called, the sudden clicking of her high heeled boots drawing close. Hermione gasped and quickly cleaned up the massive puddle and the spray against the books but was still absolutely drenched when Madame Pince came around the corner. Hermione stood there, pale as a sheet, heart racing.

‘Its obvious…oh no its so obvious…I’m covered in pee…its still dripping down from my panties and skirt!’

But instead of scolding her for wetting in her library, Madame Pince only smiled.

“Ah, stood too close to History of Scotland’s Merclans, did you?” Madame Pince chuckled “it’s a moody volume. Last time I tried to shelve it, it sprung a leak all over my head. Head on up to your Common Room, Miss Granger, and get yourself cleaned up.”

“R-right…thank you,” Hermione said in a trembling voice. She gathered things up and left the library quickly, still soaked from the waist down. At least she was able to clear her head enough to magic herself dry before going into the common room.

‘That was way too close…’ Hermione thought, ‘but…it felt really good…’

It felt more like an accident, she reflected, as she settled in to continue her studies while the rest of the house goofed around. She’d only last peed a little over four hours ago, she shouldn’t have had so much pent up…but, ah she remembered her endless pumpkin juice and water at dinner. She sighed, obviously she’d been seeking a strong release like that. It was kind of nice to feel like her bladder was suddenly so full and there was nothing she could do except empty it right then. She shivered at the thought and drank her water while she finished up her homework.

As the crowds in the common room began to die down and the last of her housemates going to bed, she picked up her leisure reading went to sat in the Big Red Armchair. The Gryffindors all called it that the chair was huge and ancient, plush to sit with patched and re-patched with various colors of red. It was easily the most comfortable chair, with throw a throw blanket over the top and squishy pillows. She shivered as she situated herself down into it, sighing in comfort as she opened her book. She wanted to pee one more time before she went to sleep. And she had always wanted to pee in this chair…

Hermione shivered with anticipation as she read her book. She was waiting for the first delicious throb of desperation. She knew Draco said to just pee when she felt the urge, but for this she wanted to hold it. She wanted to sit there, bladder filling rapidly, as she squirmed in the squishy chair. She wanted to wait until she was going to burst, like in the library, and let the chair and pillows soak in all her pent-up urine. She focused back on her book, reading for another hour before she felt it at last.

“Oh..!” she gasped softly at the throb, dropping her book to squeeze herself. It was as angry a throb as the one in the library, sharp and urgent and demanding immediate relief. She crossed her legs and squeezed with her other hand as well.

“Aaah…! I have to pee…!” she gasped, moaning as the rage in her bladder picked up its tempo. It was fast and desperate, making her hold her breath. She rocked in her seat, body shaking.

“This is bad…I can’t…I can’t hold it…!” she gasped, whimpering softly as she started fanning her legs back and forth. A hot spurt of pee soaked the crotch of her panties and she tightly crossed her legs, clenching every muscle.

“Hold it…hold it in…mmm…Aaah no, no…don’t pee, don’t pee, don’t…!” she whined, but despite her pleas her body disobeyed. Hot liquid began ooze out of her, slow at first. She gasped as her pee began to gush helplessly out of her. She slid her hands under her skirt and into her panties, pressing her fingers into her streaming hole.

“Nooooo….stop…!” she sobbed softly, gasping as she lifted herself up off the seat before grinding herself down into the plush seat.

“Ohhh!…I can’t hold it…! It’s coming…It’s coming out…!” she cried out as her bladder burst, soaking down into the seat. She moaned, leaning back into the chair in defeat as her bladder emptied.

“Aaaah….” She sighed, relief spreading through her body as she slackened all her muscles entirely. The strength of the stream doubled, and the chair couldn’t hold so much liquid so quickly. She spread her legs, letting her pee flow down to the wood floor below. Her latest wet ended a little sooner than the one before but was no less enjoyable. Hermione gave a deep, satisfied sigh once her bladder was empty. She rubbed her tummy, not feeling any pains. Still, there was a point of worry that made her nibble her lip.

‘I was trying my best to hold it…but I couldn’t…’ she thought, getting nervous as she cleaned up the chair and headed up to bed, ‘I didn’t have any warning either…I had to go so badly so suddenly…and then it all came out…’

Draco said she had to hold it tomorrow, but she wasn’t able to do that. That thought made her blood run cold. It was one thing to pee on purpose whenever she wanted, but to have no control was something else entirely. That could get her into more trouble than just with Draco. She slid into bed and curled up with her blankets and pillows.

The next morning, Hermione was surprised to find her bedding dry. She swallowed with worry. She didn’t feel like she had to pee, but for all she knew she did. She should go to the toilet straight away. But, it was morning and she had to meet Draco for her new rules. She’d tell him about her concerns, after all he did well with them before. She dressed quickly and headed to the Owlery.

It was exactly seven when she climbed the stairs into the main tower. Draco was there already, naturally, sitting by the window.

“Good,” he praised, making her stomach flutter, “you’re right on time today.”

“This is the first time you’ve given me a time to be anywhere,” Hermione sighed, refusing to let it show that she enjoyed this.

“Are you ready for your rules?” he asked, again making her stomach flutter. The fluttering…she suddenly realized she needed to pee. She pressed her thighs together and Draco smirked.

“Oh? My, my what do we have here?” he said with just a hint of wickedness.

“I…erm…I need to pee,” She said with a soft gasp, eyes widening as she suddenly switched to crossing her legs instead. Admitting it out loud made it worse.

“Badly,” Draco mused slowly, tilting his head to consider it, “you didn’t seem at all bad off a moment ago.”

“N-no…It…it comes on suddenly…and I can’t—Ahh!” Hermione gasped, knees buckling as she shoved her hands between her legs. Her bladder was throbbing hot and harsh in her belly. If Draco didn’t let her pee, she was going to be in trouble.

“Can’t what?” he grinned evilly. He knew exactly what he was doing.

“I can’t…I can’t…h-hold…! Draco, I have to go right now!!!” she whimpered, gasping urgently as bounced up and down, legs crossing and uncrossing.

“And if I say no?” he purred, loving her potty dance.

“I’m gonna pee!! Draco I’m…I’m...!! I’m gonna have an accident!” she wailed, body shaking as she squeezed herself with both hands, her bodily needs forcing her to her to kneel down with her thighs crossed tightly over her hands.

“You don’t have permission to go,” he said with a smirk, “hold it.”

“I can’t…!” Hermione moaned out, rocking back and forth down onto the heel of her shoe. Her bladder was absolutely burning.

“Let me guess,” Draco smirked, drawling slowly as Hermione shook before him, “that little piss in History of Magic, where you didn’t have any warning…it wasn’t just that, you don’t have control do you?”

“No…” Hermione whimpered, and then gasped as a little spurt of pee warmed her panties, “Draco…Its…It’s going to…I’m going to…haaa..aaah…”

“We’re going to have to work from the ground up,” he sighed, hands on his hips as he came over to her, “Let’s see…you’re about to burst, right?”

“Its…its starting…t-to come out…” she whimpered, another burst of pee wetting against her panties, soaking them entirely. The next one soaked the front of her skirt, and the next trickled slowly down her leg.

“Are you leaking?” he grinned.

“Y-yes…ahh…!” she gasped as thicker stream splashed down against the stone.

“More than leaking, I’d say,” he smiled and knelt down in front of her, directly in front of her. Her brown eyes filled with tears as another stream splashed down onto the stone.

“Please…Master…Let me go…I’m…I’m…Aaah…! Noooo -- I’m peeing!!!!”

Hermione’s sobs of anguished relief were drowned out by the hissing torrent of pee erupting out of her. Draco pushed her knees apart and forced her skirt up so he could see her piss spraying out in a glorious golden arc from her pale pink panties.

“Aaah…aah…!” she whimpered, gasping as she shook with relief. Quite a bit came out, her puddle soaking the stone and hay for the birds, as well as Draco’s pants as he knelt in front of her.

“You didn’t listen to me” he growled, squeezing her knees which only made her piss gush out harder, “you’re pissing yourself like a baby, you have absolutely no control. You’re going to have to be punished.”

“I’m sorry…” she whimpered as her pee began to slow to a trickle, “I couldn’t help it…”

“Look at the mess you’ve made, you nasty girl,” he scolded, “what should I do with you?”

Hermione shivered, fear and pleasure and the bliss of release all running through her at once.

“I’m sorry,” she said mournfully, looking up at him with anxious anticipation “you…you’re going to punish me now?”

“Yes,” he smirked, “I absolutely am.”

Hermione shivered at the tone, making her soaking wet girlhood throb. She was naughty, like he said. A dirty girl, like he said. She…she actually wanted to be punished, and the desire shocked and scared her. Still…she was eager for it.

Draco tilted his head and seemed to decide what he was going to do with her. He held out his hand for her and helped her stand, and then knelt in her puddle again.

“Lift your skirt,” he said, and Hermione obeyed with trembling hands. Draco yanked her panties down and pulled them off. “Girls who can’t control their piss shouldn’t wear panties. Those are for grown women.”

“Then…what am I supposed to wear?” she asked.

“Nothing at all,” he smirked, “that’s your punishment for today. You’ll have nothing to stop that flow you can’t control, not that a little thin fabric was much help. But…it’s the security of it all, isn’t it?”

Hermione paled at that. Nothing…to wear nothing under a skirt!? That was…that was too much! And, as much as she hated to admit it, Draco was absolutely right.

“And you still need to hold your pee,” he said nonchalantly, “if you can’t, then you’ll be punished tomorrow as well.”

“But…but…how long do I have to hold it?” she asked, feeling panic rising in her chest, “you just pissed, so I want you to drink two goblets at breakfast and hold it until after the first lesson.”

The implication was obvious. If she couldn’t hold it, she’d pee in the middle of Defense Against the Dark Arts. And the kind of dramatic, gushing pee would not go unnoticed in that class. She nodded hesitantly.

“Okay,” she said, agreeing even though she knew she had no choice regardless. But still…even if she couldn’t hold it…she’d pee in the middle of class, everyone would see. The idea was a little thrilling.

