Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*020*2023-01-25 04:41

This one has a more explicit scene— Their first time has finally arrived!

But, I also wanted to give a warning for some heavy things being discussed. River is going to talk about some trauma he has relating to sex/being touched. Topics include painful sex (sometimes causing injury) and coerced/dubious consent, some of which occurred while still a minor. None of this is shown in very graphic detail. River also shares some things about his original anatomy and the non-consensual surgery performed on him, so warnings for medical abuse and some anatomical words as well.

***

Duncan woke feeling dampness between his legs. Shame filling his chest, he tried to remember what his dream had consisted of. To his relief, it hadn’t involved any scary memories, nor any toilet usage. He even recalled how he’d gotten up in the middle of the night to relieve his bladder into the chamber pot.

But, that didn’t change the fact that his crotch felt really wet… He worried that maybe River had had an accident, and had just gone on him a little. That had happened a few times before, but as Duncan felt around the sheets, he didn’t come into contact with any other damp spots closer to River.

Again, he tried to remember his dream.

In the dream, the Organization had been gone, and he and River were free. They had been on a cruise ship, and they’d been having lots of fun. Duncan had gotten to see River in a swimsuit for the first time ever, water dripping lazily off his skin as he laid in the sun on the boat’s deck. Duncan had just been staring at him, practically drooling. River’s body was shimmering in the light, his chest so firm, his legs all smooth, his bulge visible in his trunks.

Very visible, because River had been hard. River had been hard, and gripping Duncan’s hand, murmuring “Let’s go back to our room, I need you RIGHT now.”

And then they’d GONE to their room. They’d gone to their room, and torn one another’s clothes off ravenously, unable to contain themselves. Before Duncan knew it, he had his lips wrapped around River’s length, and River was pushing his head down, encouraging to take him in even deeper. Then, River had been inside him, filling him up, rutting him with so much fervor that their bed was squeaking and slamming against the wall. River delivered wave after wave of unrelenting pleasure, until finally Duncan had cum all over his chest with an ear splitting moan.

Which… Meant that the wet sticky stuff Duncan felt coating the insides of his boxers was probably NOT pee. He should have KNOWN that this would happen eventually. He hadn’t made himself cum in ages, all he’d gotten were edging sessions and some heavy petting from River that never went far enough for him to orgasm. Then, he slept in the arms of the man he loved every, single night, feeling him against him, hearing him breathing. Duncan was well overdue for a wet dream, the only reason it hadn’t happened earlier was just because of all the nightmares he’d been having instead.

He needed to clean himself up now, though. So, he got out of bed, got a change of clothes, and headed towards the restroom. In the hall, he noticed the sound of rain pouring against the roof, and decided that had probably been the thing to prompt the subject matter of his dream.

Beside the tub, Duncan peeled down his pants and boxers, confirming that he’d basically PAINTED them. It was too bad he’d slept through his orgasm, he would have preferred to have felt it in its full glory. Blushing, he remembered Hugo did his and River’s laundry for them. He hoped the guy wouldn’t notice…

Duncan took off his shirt and was about to turn on the shower, but a tugging in his bladder made him have a seat on the toilet first. His stream hissed into the bowl below him as his shoulders slumped, losing a little tension. Once he’d finished, he got into the tub to wash himself off.

That had been one Hell of a dream. Duncan wished at least ONE part of it would hurry up and come true soon! He knew he couldn’t expect the Organization to just suddenly get uncovered and disbanded, all of its members sent to prison. But, he thought he COULD expect River to want to fool around with him soon! Duncan was absolutely DYING for it, and he was beginning to get worried that River didn’t want to spend that sort of time with him for some reason.

Outside of that dream from last night, Duncan still hadn’t ever seen River get hard. He’d tried to get him that way a few times, fondling his bulge overtop of his pants while they’d kissed. His own erection would spring to life after just a few seconds of this sort of thing, but River’s never did, leaving Duncan wondering if he was doing something that River didn’t enjoy, and River just wasn’t telling him.

Duncan wanted to make River feel good, he wanted it more than anything. He loved River so much, and wanted to give him all the pleasure in the world. Sometimes, Duncan even caught himself starting to think that his experience with the Organization couldn’t have been THAT terrible, since it had brought him River. He’d been drawn to River from the very moment he’d first seen him that first day. It was the hair that had done it, River’s hair was dyed a brilliant blue and it made him impossible not to notice. Then, Duncan had gotten closer, and he realized that River was also taller than him, and lean, his arms muscled. And he’d thought ‘This man has the perfect body.’

It wasn’t until they were nearly away from the Organization that Duncan learned River had always believed his body to be anything BUT perfect. And, yes, it had stunned Duncan a little bit to learn that River had lived as a girl when he was younger, and he hadn’t really known what the word ‘intersex’ meant, either. He didn’t think it had changed much about how he saw River. His attraction to River never faltered, but… He was curious.

The curiosity was something he didn’t know how to talk to River about. He didn’t know what he could ask, what he shouldn’t ask, if his interest in River’s body was okay, or if it was fetishization. Knowing the particulars of River’s medical history hadn’t made Duncan feel any more turned on by him, not that he thought that was even possible, but it still worried him any time he fantasized about River and his mind eventually drifted to ‘Oh, but would that feel the same way for him as it does for me?’

Or were those thoughts just natural to have? After all, he was thinking about how best to pleasure River, wasn’t he? He wanted to make River feel good, because he loved River. And Duncan didn’t KNOW if River’s parts would behave differently from his own, so it was normal to wonder about it, right? And— And, no matter how River had been born, there would still be things he liked that Duncan didn’t, things that Duncan liked that River wasn’t excited by. They would still need to explore each other.

That was how it had been with any other guy Duncan had ever slept with. But, he had to admit he dwelled on those thoughts a lot more with River than he had with anyone else. That could have been for a number of reasons, though! Duncan had never loved anyone the way he loved River! And, when Duncan had hooked up with other men, it had been JUST that— A hook-up. Very, very casual. They’d met, and then they’d had sex, not much time to dwell on any lingering questions. Duncan had been with River for months now and they still hadn’t done anything below their clothes— Unless Duncan aiming for River as he relieved himself could be counted. Duncan had had a lot of chances to imagine scenarios with River and focus on the details, he’d never really DONE that before.

Besides, shouldn’t the fact that he WAS so worried that he was disrespecting River or viewing him as a fetishistic object prove that he WASN’T? Every time he ended up going down those paths, he would immediately start thinking about River’s feelings, and how he didn’t want to hurt them.

He allowed himself to wonder more about things now. Since River’s penis was made out of his arm, maybe it simply didn’t FEEL the same to have it touched. Maybe that was why River never got erect, Duncan was touching the wrong spot because it was just what he was used to. If that WAS the problem, then there were a lot of OTHER fun spots Duncan could touch him in. Maybe River liked having his nipples played with, maybe River liked being fingered. Duncan could ask him if he wanted that sometime, maybe River would even get—

Maybe, since River’s penis was different, it didn’t actually GET hard. Duncan hadn’t ever even considered that possibility before, but it sounded possible. Duncan didn’t know exactly how River’s surgery had worked, he’d never asked very detailed questions about it because he was worried about making River uncomfortable, making him feel ‘different’ or ‘strange’, something he knew River had been made to feel often.

Duncan hoped River could get hard. He hoped River could cum. He hoped River could top if he wanted to, just like in his dream. But, maybe River just… Couldn’t. And he’d been scared to TELL Duncan that. Duncan had been starting to get the feeling that there was something important which River wasn’t telling him about.

He knew the best solution was just to ASK River what it was that he enjoyed doing, ASK him if he could cum, or get hard, or top, ASSURE him that it was perfectly fine if he couldn’t do those things, because there were still so many OTHER things they could do! But, what if all of those answers were supposed to be obvious? What if River felt bad because Duncan was calling attention to the thing that set him apart from the other men Duncan had been with? What if River felt like, in spite of all promises to the contrary, Duncan was comparing him to them, and that there was no way he could measure up?

Duncan really wanted to make River feel good, just imagining the look on River’s face as he came— If he COULD cum— was getting Duncan hard. He nearly started to stroke himself there in the shower, but resisted the urge.

***

River woke feeling his hands wedged up between his legs, at urgent war with a very intense pressure. Desperation clouding his mind, he tried to remember what his dream had consisted of. After he’d gotten back to sleep following Duncan’s trip to the chamber pot— And, oh, River did NOT want to recall what THAT had sounded like— He had dreamed that the Organization had been shut down, that he and Duncan were free. They’d been on a cruise ship, gallons upon gallons of water slapping against the sides of the boat, rocking it all around in the ocean. It had been raining too, the hiss intensifying a very frantic need that was filling River’s middle.

He’d been wearing a swimsuit in front of Duncan for the very first time, enjoying all of the lustful stares that it got him from his partner. But, then those stares became more concerned, because River was at the back of the line for the men’s room, hopping up and down, using one hand to pin his cock against his thigh while the other ran its agitated fingers through his hair. He’d moaned to Duncan over and over, “Let’s go try to find another bathroom! I need one RIGHT now.” And, every time, Duncan had needed to remind him that this was the ONLY toilet on the entire ship.

So, River kept scrambling in place, groaning and gasping and openly BEGGING for someone to let him please, please cut before he wet his pants. No one would let him, though. They all had to go as bad as he did, and the line was not MOVING. He’d been there for an HOUR already and hadn’t been allowed to take even ONE step forward.

He’d thought about going in the deck’s pool, just jumping into it and letting it flow. But, for some reason, there was no SHALLOW end to that pool, it was nine feet deep all around. River had never come close to learning how to swim, and wasn’t about to DROWN himself trying to take a leak. He held it and held it and held it, eventually clinging onto Duncan just from his desire to SQUEEZE something, mumbling to him incoherent pleas for a moment of relief.

He thought that was when he finally woke up.

At least he hadn’t wet the bed during all of that, he felt perfectly dry. Now he just had to STAY that way until he reached the toilet. He registered the sound of rain hitting the cabin’s roof, gushing hard and reminding River SO much of the noise urine made when it struck the toilet bowl. Wriggling into his clenched hands, he sat up and forced his way onto the floor. He moaned, like he’d just been burned, folding himself double in half.

Could he get down the hall without peeing? His bladder actually STILL felt a little worn out from his long hold at the museum…

But, maybe he didn’t HAVE to get all the way to the restroom before he went? The chamber pot was under the bed, if Duncan hadn’t peed TOO much into it, then there should be enough room for River to go now…

Dreading what he was about to do, he lowered his body into a crouch. He felt like something in him was just snapping, like a rubber band being pulled so hard that it just broke apart. There was an awful boiling sensation in the area surrounding his bladder, and then a squirt of liquid trickling into his boxers. He used to get into EXACTLY this position to relieve himself all of the time. Whenever he had to turn an alley into his toilet, he squatted JUST like this and let it flow. His bladder seemed to still remember that, taking it as a cue to start compressing and letting go of its contents.

“Nnnh!” He growled, forcing a hand from his groin so that he could pull the chamber pot out from beneath the bed. He heard the slosh of the fluid still in it, mixing with the sound of the rain outside. He trickled more into his pants, squeezing down harder on himself to get it to stop. The chamber pot now visible, his heart sank.

It appeared that Duncan had really, REALLY needed to go last night, the pot was filled past its half-way point, and River didn’t think that left enough room for him to let go of everything he was carrying. He had no choice but to go use the toilet. He stumbled out of the room easily enough— raising himself from the painful crouch had sort of given him a second wind— but as he went down the hallway, some of his resolve started to fade. His bladder screamed with every step, growing heavier and heavier. Drips started to roll down his legs.

When he got to the restroom door and found it closed, he did not hesitate to begin pounding a fist against it. He heard the shower running inside, adding to the hiss of rain still assailing his ear-drums. “Ah— Duncan? Hugo?” He called. “Wh—Whoever’s in there, please say I can come in! I’m having an emergency!”

“You can come in!” Duncan shouted back.

“Gah!” River exhaled breathlessly, flinging open the door and dashing inside. Dancing from foot to foot, he lifted the toilet seat and lowered his pajama bottoms to free his member, all the while rushing out a litany of “Thank you, thank you, thank you…” His pee slammed ferociously into the water, granting River an immediate drop in pressure that made him feel like he was floating. “Ohhhhh… fuck…” he sighed. “Thank you, thank you, thank you so, so much…”

Duncan could hear River’s stream rushing out and colliding with the water in the bowl, and that made him blush a little. But, not as much as the sound of River MOANING like that while thanking him over and over again. Considering the focus of his thoughts all morning, THOSE noises were flicking a very important switch in Duncan’s mind and body. The longer River let out his flurry of breathy, grateful cries, the harder Duncan got. WHY couldn’t he cause River to make those sounds by doing something ELSE to him? WHY did he only get to hear those amazing exclamations when he managed to help River relieve himself?

River, unaware of Duncan’s frustration, continued to enjoy all the wonderful sensations taking place in his middle. He could feel his bladder slowly deflating, compressing itself back down to its comfortable, empty size. As his pee kept flowing, he quieted down some as his franticness faded away alongside his pain. Once the last of it had ebbed forth from him, he shook his dick a few times and flipped the seat back down. “Phew…”

Behind the curtain, Duncan was still stiff as a board. He wished that he HADN’T gotten this erect from listening to River urinate. He knew that the pissing hadn’t been the thing to turn him on— River’s VOICE had done that— but it was still a little awkward. “F—Feeling better?” He squeaked out.

“Soooo much better,” River agreed. “Thank you, if you’d told me to wait I definitely would have gone in the hallway— I always gotta piss SO bad when I wake up.”

“Eheh, um… It’s like you’ve got a built-in alarm clock?” Duncan wasn’t sure why River was still here if he’d finished everything he needed to do.

“Yeah, I guess…” River said, he went quiet, feeling himself blush. “Er… You are… Naked in there, huh?”

“Y—Yeah…” Duncan said, water still running down his body, still rushing over his stiff-cock. His body just refused to calm back down, even though River wasn’t moaning anymore.

“I… Um… H—Have I seen you with NOTHING on yet?”

“N—No…” Duncan’s dick strained. River wanted to peek at him! River wanted to peek at him! “W—Would you like to…” He swallowed. “You wanna join me?”

River’s shoulders tensed. Duncan had seen him completely naked once before though, and Duncan had liked it… River started to disrobe, he climbed into the shower and, as he admired his partner’s body, he felt some of his nervousness fade. Duncan looked incredible when he had nothing on him, not even a pair of boxers. He looked incredible with all that water flowing down him and making his skin glisten. His ass looked firm and squeezable, and River… He WANTED to squeeze him, to see how he would react to it, but something held him back. River could also see that Duncan was hard, and he felt both elated and a little anxious at the sight.

Duncan caught River looking at his erection and blushed a little. “Eheh… Uhhh, I’m… Really, really happy to see you, I guess…” He didn’t want to admit that he’d gotten that way while River was still urinating.

“Um… Y—yeah,” River said. “I can see that.”

Duncan reached out to touch River’s arm, his hand glided down until it wrapped around River’s wrist, pulling him in closer for a hug, pushing their bodies together. River’s eyes widened for a second, but then he started to relax into Duncan’s touch. Duncan started to move his other hand down River’s abdomen, towards his cock, but River suddenly tensed and backed away slightly. “H—Hang on…” he said.

Duncan tried not to look disappointed.

“I— I want to,” River continued. “I really, REALLY want to. I just… I— I think there’s some things we need to talk about first, okay?”

“Oh. Okay…” Duncan said. “Did I do something wro—“

“You did NOTHING wrong,” River promised. “There’s just… I want to talk about some stuff. That’s all.”

Duncan nodded. This probably wasn’t anything bad. He’d been WANTING to talk to River more about this stuff anyway. It was good that River felt the same way. It was good. This was fine, and Duncan didn’t have to worry.

He did worry, however. Throughout the rest of the day, he fretted that he’d crossed a line by trying to touch River’s penis in the shower, that River was angry with him now, or upset, or hurt. He didn’t want to make River feel that way at all… Not now, not ever.

Duncan thought back to his earlier questions. Maybe River was just going to explain to Duncan that he couldn’t cum or get hard, and that he shouldn’t get stressed out when he couldn’t MAKE him do that. Maybe that was all it was.

He HOPED that was all it was, because then Duncan would just say “Oh, that’s alright. I’m sure I can still make you feel really good!” And, they could start having fun… Duncan decided that he’d talk to River tonight, ask him to say whatever it was he needed to say so that, maybe, they could fool around a little.

Following his shower that evening, Duncan went to their bedroom. River was already beneath the blankets. Duncan sat beside him, twiddling his fingers. He’d never felt this awkward prior to proposing sex before. In the past, it had always been “So, you wanna do it?” followed by several minutes of sweaty, frantic pleasure that made him see stars, and then that was the end of it. Sometimes he’d spend the night with the man, other times he’d just leave, either way by the time morning rolled around, they wouldn’t be in one another’s lives anymore.

River would always be in Duncan’s life. If he did this wrong, he could wreck so much…

“Duncan…?” River asked, yawning. “Lay down, it’s late—“

“You said you wanted to talk to me, and… Um… You ever cum before?” Duncan blurted out. Holy shit, he was so stupid! What a dumb question! Who just ASKS crap like that? Dear God! Back when he’d gone out to bars and hit on guys, he liked to think he’d been smooth as ice, he’d had AMAZING pick-up lines that always got men interested in conversing FURTHER with him. What he’d just said to River probably merited the other turning around to face the wall for the rest of the night and refusing to talk to him.

River shook his head, blushing strongly. “Um, no,” he admitted. It was a little embarrassing. He was twenty-three and he still had no idea what an orgasm was even supposed to FEEL like. And, it wasn’t like he was a virgin, either. He’d had more sexual encounters than he’d ever wanted or needed. "That's part of what I wanted to talk about."

Duncan frowned. He was surprised that he’d GOTTEN a response, and wished it had been different. Maybe River actually COULDN’T do that…? “Never?”

River shook his head. He’d tried to plenty of times, he’d tried to ENJOY sex in the past, but it had never once been pleasurable for him. He’d always just been so eager for it to be done with.

“You mean, you just can’t do it since the surgery, or—“

“I’ve never done it, ever,” River said.

“What about in your sleep?”

River shook his head. “I don’t think so.”

“Can you… not do it?”

River shrugged. “I think I SHOULD be able to, but it’s never happened.”

Duncan wasn’t sure what to make of that. River HAD told Duncan that he wasn’t a virgin. “The other people you’ve been with must have sucked.”

“Er, well…” River said. “That’s actually what I wanted to tell you about. The only other times I’ve done it, it was back when I was homeless, and I wasn’t exactly… I mean, it’s not like anybody ever… held me down and… forced it. But, it was… It was sort of one of the only ways I could make money. I didn’t want to do it, but I just had to.”

Duncan didn’t know what to say. He felt like he should have assumed River’s past sexual encounters were something of that nature. “Oh…”

Duncan had never slept with a sexual assault survivor before. True, that wasn’t exactly how River looked at it, since he’d always said ‘yes’ to his clients. But, Duncan couldn’t help but think of it that way. River may have said ‘yes’, but when his ability to put food in his stomach was dependent upon his willingness to have sex with strangers, the amount of actual consent involved was hard to tell. River’s consent had been coerced, so was his ‘yes’ even a ‘yes’?

It was one thing for a person to be involved with sex-work because they wanted to be. But, the problem was that River HADN’T wanted it…

“I made, I guess, okay money doing that. I could always afford to eat for a few days after I’d gone home with someone. I worked for this one guy, and when people stopped he’d try to sell me as something ‘exotic’, I guess… He called me a he—“ River struggled, swallowed. “He called me a— herm— A he— A—A word I really didn’t like that started with an H. And it got some people more interested in me. Some people, they hear… that word… and right away they want to see what I look like naked.”

Duncan flinched, he suddenly felt warm in a very unpleasant way. He remembered how he’d been so curious to see what River’s penis looked like before, and a part of him HAD wondered about how River’s body had been like prior to when he’d gotten his surgery. “Um… Please don’t be mad, but when I found out, I got… A little curious, too.”

River didn’t say anything. He couldn’t get angry at Duncan. He knew his condition was… Rare, and extremely misunderstood— It was that sort of misunderstanding at his birth that had wreaked havoc over his life for so long. “A—At least you knew better than to ask right away, or tell me to ‘show’ you… That’s what normally happened.”

“I still feel bad… When I found out, I couldn’t stop thinking about if, how it was before, if it was painful for you. Physically, I mean. I know it hurt emotionally. And I couldn’t stop wondering how miserable it had made you, and thinking about how angry I was at your parents and the doctors for—“

“Wait, so you were mostly just worrying about me?”

“Well, yeah,” Duncan said. “You had your… your private parts all messed up before you could even say no, and then forced to be someone else while you grew up. Of course I’d worry about that.”

“… Your first thought WASN’T ‘So, does that mean he used to have both parts’?”

“No,” Duncan said. “Did people ask you that before?”

“All the time,” River said. “That was almost always the first thing a ‘client’ asked me once they’d gotten me home.”

“I didn’t think that,” Duncan promised. “You said ‘ambiguous’, so I thought that when you were born you looked, like, in-between, or something. I wasn’t super sure… But, I mean, I only thought about that for a second because THEN I heard how the doctors just went ahead and… ‘modified’ you, or whatever you’d call that, and I was too angry to think of anything else.”

“Yeah, I think right after I was born, it was something more in-between.”

“Oh,” Duncan said. “And for some reason they decided to just turn you into a girl?” His face burned. This was probably the most personal topic in River’s life, he hoped he wasn’t feeling pressured to share the details. “Y—You don’t have to tell me anything you don’t want to.”

“Yeah,” River said. “I have literally NO idea why the doctors picked ‘girl’, I swear they just flipped a fucking coin,” he sighed. “I—It still didn’t look totally like an endosex person’s vagina after they did that, eith—“

“Endosex…”

“It just means ‘not intersex’,” River said. “So, like you and most other people. When they operated on me, they were trying to make me look like an endosex girl. But, my… Er, my clitoris was always… bigger. Uh, if you didn’t know, it’s like the clitoris and the penis start out from the same thing. And, what usually happens is as the baby’s getting ready to be born, it will grow into either a penis or a clitoris. But, with me I had what looked like either a huge clitoris or a tiny penis, and after the doctors decided to… I honestly think of it as they just mutilated me… The size didn’t change. And, like, I pissed out of it.”

“And, I guess that’s not where—“

“Endosex girls don’t pee from there,” River shook his head. “That’s why I used to have so much trouble sitting down to pee and always had to kinda hover. Tried to do it standing a few times, but there wasn’t… enough… to really grab and aim with, so that was a mess too. And, like my labia— which is the folds of skin around the vagina— part of it was sort of fused together, and that’s not how it usually is, either… The opening was really small.”

Duncan winced. He wasn’t sure if he liked the word ‘fused’ in relation to those sorts of parts. “Uh… Did they do it wrong?” He asked. “You don’t have to answer, but—“

“I—It’s okay,” River said. “If you have questions, that’s okay. It’s… This is probably the first time you’ve ever even… Heard about this stuff, right?”

Duncan nodded. “I mean, I’d never heard the word intersex before, but I did know what trans people were. Is that kind of what you are?”

“In a way, I guess. The things I’ve gone through are similar— I grew up confused, lonely and not understanding why being a girl hurt me so much. Everyone was always telling me I was something that I wasn’t and it was hard to live up to their expectations. I got surgery on my chest and lower parts to help me feel better, and all that. Some things are a little different, though. My body actually makes enough testosterone on its own, so I don’t need to take hormones like other trans guys would. I have… Er… I have testicles that are inside of my body, around where the ovaries and uterus would have been, I guess. Sorry if that’s super freaky for you, or—“

“Hey, no. It’s okay,” Duncan promised. “It’s not freaking me out at all. They’re… Hey, they’re inside, right? So, they’re, like, protected if you get kicked! That’s just lucky, isn’t it?”

River laughed, “I— I never thought of it that way, but yeah…”

“Oh, but the surgery you had later gave you—“

“Yeah, I have balls,” River said. “And, I COULD get kicked there, of course. I don’t think it would hurt AS bad for me as it does for you, though. But, anyway, because of the internal ones, as soon as I stopped taking those pills my parents were giving me, my body was doing what I wanted it to.”

“What were the pills?”

“They were actually the same things a trans woman would take,” River explained. “So, estrogen, and this one called Spironolactone, which suppresses testosterone production. My parents lied to me. They said that I was anemic and that the pills were iron supplements, so I didn’t think there was any reason not to take them. I never had to deal with getting a period, thankfully, since I never had the internal parts for that. And, like you asked earlier, with the operation they did on me as a baby, I’m pretty sure they DID do it wrong somehow. I got an examination there once before phallo, and they said I was… ‘shallow’. Usually, the depth for a vagina is, like, five inches I think? Mine was under one inch. So, my lower parts were never… having sex with my… My old front-parts always hurt like shit. I’d… Bleed a lot most times.”

“Wha—“

“Like I said, I don’t think they did it right. The first time I had sex, I felt like I was being ripped apart, and afterwards I just thought that was how it was supposed to be, because I’d heard lots of people bleed the first time. But, it kept happening, and it always hurt SO much, and I still kept thinking ‘Okay, this is just how it goes’, ‘cause when I was in middle school, my Mom wouldn’t sign the permission slip for me to take Sex-Ed, so all I knew was what was in the health textbook, which wasn’t much. I just… I had no idea what was normal, or how to do anything, so I thought it was just supposed to feel like that. Only, then I started to wonder how the Hell humans haven’t gone extinct yet if THAT’S what having sex is like.”

“Were people really rough with you?”

“A lot of them were,” River said. “But, even if I was with someone that was trying to be gentle, it would still hurt. Back when I could go online, I’d read stuff about trans people, and trans women who’d had a lower surgery WERE able to enjoy sex. I have to assume that procedure’s at least kinda similar to what was done to me, so that means the doctors must have fucked something up.”

“I think they did that a lot…” Duncan wondered if River had forced himself to become numb to the pain so that it didn’t show on his face, or if he DID react to it and his clients always kept going regardless. Surely, at that point, it HAD to count as assault, right? His clients KNEW he was homeless, they KNEW he was—

Something else hit Duncan then; River was only sixteen years old when he became homeless.

And when that struck him, it was like the brakes had suddenly be slammed on this whole thing. “Ummmm… River? I just… Did you start seeing clients RIGHT after your parents kicked you out?”

“A couple months after,” River said.

“Did your clients know that… Er…”

“They knew I was homeless.”

“You were sixteen,” Duncan said. “You were still… Did they know that part?”

“Yeah.”

“River… Sixteen is… Real young.”

“I know, it was bad, but I HAD to—“

“Hey, no. YOU’RE not the one who did anything wrong,” Duncan told him. “That stuff NEVER should have happened… Are you okay?”

“I think so,” River said. “But, the thing is… What I’ve been meaning to tell you is… You know, since every time that I had sex before, it just wasn’t fun… It always hurt, and sometimes I felt scared, and… All of that… I’m nervous that…”

“You’re scared to have sex with me?” Duncan asked. “You’re afraid I’ll hurt you, or that you’ll have to do something you don’t like?”

River nodded. “Yeah…”

“I don’t want to hurt you, River,” Duncan said. “That’s the last thing I want. If something feels bad, you can tell me and I’ll stop it right away. I… I want to make you cum, River. I really, REALLY want to make you cum.”

River went red. “Tonight?”

“If you want. If you’re not ready, we don’t have to.”

“Okay, I DO want to try,” River said, shakily fiddling with his pajama buttons. “I’ve never… Done things with— I’ve never done anything since I got my phalloplasty.”

“Cool, so I’ll be the first one!” Duncan smiled. “Apart from you, I guess…”

“Um, no,” River said. “When I told you I’ve never done anything like that with it, I meant I haven’t done ANYTHING.”

“You never did stuff by yourself?” Duncan was surprised. If he’d just gotten a new dick that would be the FIRST thing he did!

“Nope,” River blushed, looked away. “I’ve only ever touched it to pee, or to adjust it in my pants and stuff. It’s… Stupid. But, uh, I spent my whole life wishing I had a penis, and then when I got one, I thought if I wasn’t careful with it, I’d break it…”

“Pffft— WHAT!?” Duncan couldn’t help laughing. He clamped a hand over his mouth and fought to hold it in when he saw the red-faced humiliation on River’s face. “I—I’m sorry!” He cried. Hell, for all he knew, maybe it WAS possible for River to break it somehow! “Y—You can’t actually do that, can you?”

“No,” River said. “I know, it’s stupid. But, I got all anxious about it anyway. I’ve had nightmares where it’s suddenly gone and I’m back to how it was before. And, sometimes I just kinda stare at it in the shower because I can’t get over the fact it’s actually a part of me.”

Duncan was still covering his mouth. “Oh, well, THAT’S totally normal, I look at mine all the time too.”

River pulled down his pajama pants, cupping the bulge in his boxers. “I guess you’ve already seen it a few times,” he said. “Dunno why I’m feeling shy now.”

“It’s okay. If you just wanna do something over your clothes again, that’s fine too.”

“Cool.”

Duncan swung his legs over the edge of the bed, rubbing the back of his head. He’d never felt this nervous before a sexual encounter in his life! He’d usually been so confident, ready to get down to it right away. With River, he felt anxious, afraid of messing it up, and a deep need to go slowly since that seemed to be what River needed. “And, you said you ARE supposed to be able to cum, right?”

“Yep,” River said. “It IS supposed to be possible for me to orgasm. They keep… The nerve endings of the clitoris are kind of ‘released’ during the surgery and they’ll, like, grow into the dick. And the clitoris itself gets sorta buried around the base. So, I’ll be able to feel… Whatever you end up doing to me.”

“Cool…” Duncan said. What WAS he going to do to River, though? River needed slow, so maybe he’d just feel him up tonight. Then, later they could do more. Duncan had never had a preference between being the top or the bottom. “Hey, would you be able to top if you wanted?”

River blushed even harder as he imagined it. The idea of gripping Duncan around the shoulders as he pounded into him… “Y—Yeah,” he squeaked.

Duncan tugged at his own pajama bottoms, holding the material from the need to do something with his hands. River had never fooled around with himself before, so he wouldn’t know what he enjoyed. What if Duncan accidentally did something that he REALLY didn’t like? Like, maybe there was a spot River couldn’t handle being touched? “Promise me that you’ll speak up if something feels bad, alright?”

“I will…” River stood, took a deep breath, and tugged down his boxers. He left them on the floor as he climbed back into bed, sitting with his legs parted, trying to display himself for Duncan. He was shaking, this felt so weird. Every time he’d done this in the past, he’d bared himself and tried not to let the shame show on his face, unable to look away from the reaction of whoever was staring. He’d always know what they were thinking, and that it was never anything kind. They’d be turned on, but only by the idea that having sex with River was something they could say was ‘unusual’. Some ‘exotic’ activity they could cross off of an imaginary list. River would be an object, a sex toy, his value always came from the fact he was viewed as a ‘rarity’, a ‘collectors item’. He was never a person with any thoughts or feelings.

He was staring at Duncan now with trepidation. Duncan wouldn’t see him that way, River knew he wouldn’t! He couldn’t! Duncan always said how much he loved him, Duncan knew River was a human, Duncan loved him, Duncan loved him…

Duncan’s eyes had been trailing all over River’s body, but now he stopped when he realized his boyfriend’s tremors. “Hey…” he said. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.”

“I— I want you t—to…” River managed. “But— But… What do you see when y—you look at me?”

Duncan answered quickly, and he hoped not too quickly. “I see someone that I love,” he said, kissing River’s cheek. “I see someone who is very strong,” another kiss. “I see someone who’s… Who’s been hurt before, and who needs me to take care of him,” one more kiss. “I see someone who needs me to help him see himself the way I see him.”

River leaned into Duncan’s kisses. These were the words he needed to hear, and he could tell Duncan meant them. “I l-love you too…” he said.

River was shaking less now, but Duncan still wouldn’t feel right moving forward yet. “When you… Were with other people, they saw you a different way, didn’t they?”

River nodded. “They just liked how they could pretend I was whatever they wanted me to be at their convenience. They didn’t think I was a person at all, and once my clothes were off, it was like I wasn’t even a living thing. A lot of them got… Rough, and called me… Things, and… Stuff…”

Duncan held River. Now, he really wasn’t sure if River was ready to be touched again. All of the past touches had hurt… Would new touches be scary even if they weren’t painful? “If you don’t want to do anything tonight… It’s okay,” Duncan told him. “I can be patient for as long as you need… And, I promise, I will never be rough, I will never call you things you don’t like, I—“

“I— I want you to touch me…” River said. “I want… I want to know if it can actually feel good. Just… Be real slow, and tell me everything that you’re going to do before you do it. I th—think I just need for you to ask before every new thing.”

“I can go slow…” Duncan’s mouth went dry. “I can do this however you need me to, River…”

River parted his legs again.

“Can I…” Duncan tentatively a hand slowly towards River’s crotch, and River went red. “Can I stroke it?”

“Yeah, if you want to,” River breathed out.

Duncan moved his hand, shocked by how nervous he felt as he touched River’s dick. It felt exactly like he’d imagined it would. Thick and warm. Duncan stroked It gently, the skin and the scar tissue varying in texture. River gasped sharply when Duncan slowly circled along his base, and Duncan pulled back. “W—Was that a bad place? I’m sorry, I—“

“N—No…” River said, parting his legs further. “It felt… Really, really good. I don’t think I’ve ever felt anything like it before. Can you do that more?”

Duncan placed his hand back, moving it up and down along River’s shaft, pumping it. He enjoyed the feeling of it against his hand, but not as much as he was enjoying River’s little moans. The concern was still there, though. River still wasn’t getting… He stopped, and River whimpered, protesting the loss of the stimulation.

“Am… Uh, am I doing it wrong?” Duncan asked.

River shook his head, “You’re doing great, please, I want more…”

Duncan shrugged, River sure was acting like this was making him feel amazing. “Uh…” Duncan went back to stroking River’s dick. He felt some tension down around the base now, but… “You still aren’t getting… This is a stupid question, but does it just not get hard?”

“I—It’s not stupid,” River promised. “I guess you just wouldn’t know this stuff. But, yeah, I CAN get hard, it’s just… Different.” He reached between his legs to cup his balls and began squeezing firmly, which really confused Duncan until he saw River’s cock beginning to raise. “I—Is this too weird?”

“It’s not weird,” Duncan assured. “Want me to keep going?”

“Yes,” River breathed out. “Please? It feels so good…”

Duncan went back to pumping River’s cock. “Gonna go faster now, alright?”

River nodded eagerly.

Duncan increased his speed, River’s cock was so much easier to grip now. River bucked his hips against Duncan’s touch, and Duncan sped up further. River had never felt this way before in his life. None of the previous times that he’d had sex had felt even remotely good. At best, it had been an inconvenience that he had to get through before he could have food. At worst it had been excruciatingly painful. River had honestly come to believe that the idea sex was supposed to be pleasurable was some sort of myth and everyone was so set on keeping up the illusion that they refused to admit it.

This felt amazing, though. And River didn’t think it was only because he actually had the right part this time. It was because he actually WANTED to do this, he WANTED Duncan to touch him. This wasn’t just something River was doing because he HAD to, because if he didn’t he’d have to go hungry for another day. This wasn’t about surviving, this was about living. “Mmmf… Duncan…”

River looked into Duncan’s eyes blearily, and he saw someone who wasn’t viewing him as a toy, a thing to ‘try out’ and toss aside, then shamefully pretend he’d never had anything to do with. He saw someone who adored him, who adored his body— And not because it appealed to a kink, but because it was HIS body. He saw someone who wanted to make HIM feel good, rather than someone trying to think of the various ways to USE him for their own pleasure.

Duncan loved River’s body, it was clear on his face. He thought River was an attractive, hot man, just like any other. For the first time in River’s life, he felt like the person touching him respected him. Duncan’s mouth pressed itself against River’s, his tongue poking past River’s lips to explore further. River opened his mouth wider and allowed this, because he WANTED to allow it. He wanted it so, so much… He wanted Duncan…

Tension and ecstasy built up in River’s body, growing and growing until he was squirming his hips frantically. He wanted more, he needed more, and Duncan was all too happy to oblige.

River moaned loudly into Duncan’s mouth as he came. Nothing visible happened to his cock, save for a very tiny amount of clear fluid, but he arched his back and his hands dug themselves firmly into Duncan’s shoulders, pulling him even closer. Duncan kept up his strokes as River rode through wave after wave of pleasure.

River’s eyes flew open, stunned by this new sensation. He had definitely NEVER felt this before. Was— Was this what an orgasm felt like? His body just kept getting inundated with more pleasurable trills, and River couldn’t think of anything else this could be. Duncan had actually gotten him to cum…

River started to go slack a moment later, and Duncan pulled back. “Did… Did I make you—“

River nodded limply, “I… Hadn’t thought I could…”

Duncan slowed his hand, looked at it and saw it was clean. “Oh, but—“

“Th—That’s… Another thing that just works different for me,” River said. “But, you… I’ve never felt anything like that before…”

‘Ah, right,’ Duncan thought. ‘Of course, River’s body wouldn’t make…’ He looked into River’s lap. “Aw, somebody’s still hard,” he teased. “You need more?”

“W—We can do more in—in a second, I have to catch my breath…” River looked down. “Uh… it goes down if I…” He reached between his legs, squeezed his balls and pressed on his member to deflate it. Right away, his cock was going soft again.

Duncan stared. Luckyyy! SO many of Duncan’s awkward high school experiences could have been avoided if all he’d needed to do to get rid of an unwanted boner was push it down for a second before getting up from his desk!

“I hope you’re a little less curious now,” River said.

“I—I wasn’t just curious! I wanted to make y—“

“I know, I know,” River smirked. “And you DID make me feel good… I’m actually glad you asked me so many questions, and everything. I could tell you just wanted to make sure you were doing the right stuff.”

Duncan leaned against him, “Did I do the right stuff?”

River gave him a kiss on the cheek, “Definitely. Congratulations, you’re the only person to ever make me cum.” He thought for a moment. “Y—You know what? I’m gonna say that what we just did was my REAL first time.”

“Because of how you had the right parts?”

“No,” River said. “Because it was finally with someone I loved and WANTED to get touched by.”

Duncan kissed River back. “None of it made you feel scared, right?”

River shook his head, “I felt safe. You KEPT me safe.”

“Good…” Duncan stroked his thumb against River’s hand. “I’m really sorry that you had to feel un-safe so many times before.”

“It’s okay, it’s not your fault…” River said. “But… Yeah, what you were doing? Asking me for permission for everything and being so gentle? That’s exactly what I needed, you did everything right.”

Duncan hugged him tightly, “Thank you, I was really worried about messing it up.”

“You did really good,” River assured. “We can try more things later, and it’s okay if you have more questions.”

Duncan laid down. River took the place beside him and nuzzled his shoulder, so Duncan rubbed his back. There was one other thing Duncan had been wondering about. The only surgery he’d ever had was when he got his wisdom teeth removed, and he could still remember how sore his mouth had been afterwards. River’s surgeries had involved tissue being removed from his chest, skin coming off his arm, and his pelvic area getting re-modeled. That was a LOT more intense than just having some teeth pulled out. “Uh, did the surgeries hurt?” He asked. “I don’t mean the one from when you were a baby, I know THAT one hurt you, but what about the others?”

“They weren’t actually THAT bad,” River said. “I had some trouble walking after both the top and bottom surgeries, because I was definitely pretty sore. And… Well, I guess you’ve probably noticed I’m not much of a clean-freak, or whatever…”

“You barely ever remember to wash your hands after you pee,” Duncan laughed.

“Yeah,” River agreed. “But, even so, it’s tricky to shower after the operations, because you aren’t supposed to let certain areas get too wet. I had to take sponge baths with just a rag, pretty much. And, even for someone who doesn’t care that much if they get dirty, that got uncomfortable after a while. The bottom surgery was a little more difficult to recover from, Hugo had to help me do basically EVERYTHING until I was able to move on my own easily again. He even had to help with super embarrassing, personal things for a bit... But, the actual PAIN wasn’t that bad, it wasn’t like I was in agony. Just really sore, like if I’d exercised too hard. I think some of that was mental though. I mean, I was just SO happy that my body was fixed, it was hard to feel anything else.”

Duncan smiled, “And, I guess, by now it doesn’t hurt at all, right?”

“Mostly,” River said. “Sometimes I get, like, phantom pains in the arm they took the skin from. I think THAT might all be mental too, though. ‘Cause I only really feel it if I’m paying attention to the arm and really thinking about it… Actually, now that I think about it, the most painful part of the whole process happened BEFORE the actual surgery.”

“Oh?” Duncan asked.

“Yeah… It’s actually a sorta funny story,” River said. “Um, you know what an ultrasound is, right?”
