Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*016*2023-01-02 21:50

Written for the 12 Days of Omo prompt, "While Baking".

***

River, Duncan and Hugo couldn’t cook. At all. River could manage instant stuff— TV dinners, ramen, bacon… So long as the process was ‘just stick this into something until it’s hot enough’ he could do it. But, anything with actual steps, actual ingredient preparation… He couldn’t do it at all. It had to be simple and fast, or else River would find SOME way to ruin it. When Hugo had first started getting sick, River had tried to prepare a steak for him. Somehow, he’d managed to burn the insides of it while leaving the outside completely frozen— Which Hugo had said was “almost impressive”.

River had just never had a chance to learn how to cook, though. Growing up, his parents had insisted knives and ovens were too dangerous for a kid, which he supposed was understandable. Then, they’d kicked him out as a teenager and his meals consisted of whatever he could find in dumpsters, or fast food burgers if he was lucky. Next, he’d moved in with Hugo, a man who ALSO had no idea of how to cook, which made any attempt at learning into an exercise in futility. And, back then, both of them had been too busy going out and DOING stuff to learn a new skill.

River wasn’t going out and doing ANYTHING anymore… But, that could have silver linings. He had lots of time on his hands, lots of time to learn how to do something new. Maybe he could finally figure out how to prepare something edible that DIDN’T come straight out of a package.

River had been feeling rather useless lately. Getting terrified during his first real outing, getting sick right after, his newfound urinary difficulties… He used to be utterly self-sufficient, and now he couldn’t even take a leak by himself!

Hugo kept telling him over and over that he WASN’T useless now. “You still help me make the furniture in the workroom— THAT part is way more important than coming with me to deliver it. And, you comfort Duncan all the time, you give BOTH of us company, and— For God’s sake, River, if it weren’t for you, the Cancer would have killed me! You saved my life, and if YOU’RE the one who needs to be taken care of now, that’s fine.”

But… River wasn’t SUPPOSED to be taken care of. That was the problem. He’d been on his own since he was sixteen… He’d handled EVERYTHING himself. He’d scavenged for food, patched up his clothes, fought battles ALL by himself. Now suddenly feeling so needy, so desperate for protection… This wasn’t how he was SUPPOSED to be.

So, if he could just learn to do something new for himself, he was sure he’d start feeling less like a clingy, dependent little child.

Christmas was coming up soon. It would be his first one since the Organization, and he knew it was bound to feel different. Even if he’d basically skipped Christmas a few years in the past, this was still going to feel different. It would be his first one with Duncan too, though. His first Christmas where he had a boyfriend.

And his boyfriend was going to be struggling this Christmas just much as he was… He didn’t know how Duncan had spent the holiday in the past, but he was sure he must have actually gone somewhere— At the least, he hadn’t spent it feeling scared and anxious.

River wanted to make this Christmas feel as normal as possible, and one of the things he remembered from when he was little were Christmas cookies. Those couldn’t be TOO hard to make, right? He could bake some and share them with Duncan and Hugo, and then Christmas could be sort of normal and River could feel sort of useful!

River was determined to do this entirely on his own— He shouldn’t need anyone’s help with something so simple! First, he needed to find a recipe. In the past, this would have been very easy to do; He would just need to go online and search for one. But, he no longer had Internet access. The Organization was very tech-literate, and even so, tracing a person’s location through the Internet wasn’t difficult, it happened all the time. Going online was too risky when a group of violent killers desperately wanted to know where he was hiding.

Of course, recipes were being shared way before the Internet existed. He just needed a cookbook, but there weren’t any in the cabin. Come to think of it, there probably weren’t any cookie ingredients here, either. That evening, he asked Hugo to buy him those things— Which, he told himself again and again, was NOT the same thing as asking for help. He was STILL going to make the cookies by himself, he just needed someone else to get the stuff for him.

A few days later, River had everything he needed. Hugo had gone out to get more furniture building supplies, and Duncan was resting in bed. Hopefully, once Duncan woke up, River would have a batch of delicious cookies waiting for him.

River opened the used cookbook Hugo had bought, and found instructions for making sugar cookies. He could understand most of the ingredients, like flour eggs, vanilla and sugar. But, some confused him. First of all, he had no idea what margarine was. Second, he couldn’t figure out why a sweet recipe would call for salt. But, he LIKED salt and was always craving it, so he wouldn’t skip it.

He looked into the fridge and pantries to confirm Hugo had gotten everything, and he had— Apparently margarine was basically just butter? Why did it need a fancy name?

First, he was supposed to mix the ‘dry’ ingredients into a bowl. He didn’t know which those were, so he just guessed and hoped he’d gotten it right. He poured in a lot of flower— More than he’d intended to, because when he’d tried to open the bag he’d accidentally ripped it a little down the side, and then when he’d held it over the bowl, a lot of it had come rushing out.

Worried that this would make the cookies come out too dry, he thought maybe he should… put in… extra eggs? Maybe? Eggs were wet, sort of…

He added baking powder, and then the salt. Since he liked salt so much, he put in a few extra shakes. And after that he was supposed to put the sugar and the margarine into another bowl, with the vanilla and the eggs. He was able to handle the first three things just fine, but then he realized he’d never actually cracked open an egg before. He’d just never cared much for their flavor unless they were cooked into something.

On his first attempt, he smacked the egg against the bowl too hard, and its contents all spilled onto the counter as its shell disintegrated. So, he tried to go more slowly with the next one, but then he’d barely made a dent in it. When he’d tried to pull it open the rest of the way by hand, bits of the shell ended up in the yolk, and he couldn’t use that one either.

It took him three more tries before he was able to actually add an egg to the mixture, and then another two tries before he could add a second. Finally, he poured that bowl into the first one with the flour and mashed it all together with his hands until it sort of started to look like dough. He put the mixture into the fridge to cool off, and felt very proud. He was finally doing things for himself again! He was certain the cookies would turn out great!

As River waited for the dough to chill, he realized how thirsty he’d gotten and had a couple glasses of water while he sat on the couch and read some of his manga. He was so excited to see Hugo’s reaction when he found out River had actually cooked something! He kept thinking about that as he retrieved the dough from the fridge and rolled it out. It was a whole lot stiffer than it had looked, and it was hard to press down on it enough that it actually went flat.

Then it struck him that he’d forgotten something. He didn’t have any cookie cutters. He’d been imagining himself presenting Hugo and Duncan with little Christmas tree shaped treats, but without anything to cut them out with, he was just going to end up with this big, flat disk…

The only things he had that could possibly slice through the dough were the knives. He didn’t think he could cut decent looking trees with those, but he gave it a try anyway. He mostly wound up with jagged triangles that varied drastically in size. A few were just random shapes that didn’t resemble anything from this planet. He reminded himself that they’d STILL taste good no matter how awful they looked. He got them onto a tray and checked the recipe book again to see how to bake them.

It told him the temperature to set the oven at, but NOT how long to cook them for— He hadn’t noticed earlier, but the corner of the page had been torn. He had no IDEA how long the cookies were supposed to stay in the oven for. Did he just have to guess…? No, that was a terrible idea. If he kept them in there for too long, they’d burn to a crisp— He could even set the cabin on fire! Guessing would NOT work.

Instead, he’d just stand there and WATCH them cook, and… And check on them every couple minutes until it looked like they were ready. That was a MUCH better idea!

He decided not to set the oven to 375 degrees like the book said, that sounded like it would cook them super fast, faster than he’d be able to react to. 100 degrees would do fine, probably. It would just take longer, but he’d have the time to really gauge how they were coming along. He set the cookies inside and closed the door. He could sort of see them through it, but he was still going to need to open it to really get an idea of how it was working out.

River watched the clock on the wall, and once a minute had gone by, he opened the door. He was immediately blasted in the face with heat, and the cookies looked completely raw, so he swiftly closed it. River was about to grab another glass of water, when a nudge inside his belly warned him not to.

Whoa, when had THAT happened? River hadn’t felt the urgency creeping up on him, but now he was acutely aware of a rapidly building need to pee. The humming in his midsection was enough to make him tense his thighs. Just great. The SECOND he was no longer able to leave the kitchen, River suddenly realized that he actually had to be in the bathroom instead.

This was fine. He doubted the cookies would take THAT long to bake, he could definitely hold it, no matter how uncomfortable he may feel doing so. When another minute ticked by, he opened the oven again and, frowning, closed it when the bits of dough still had yet to form into something that appeared edible.

The main issue now was that, since all River was doing was standing around and waiting, he had little else to think about other than his bladder. Thinking about needing to pee was always a guaranteed way to ensure that he’d have to do it a whole lot worse. He considered running back to the couch to get his manga, just so he’d have something to focus on that wasn’t his bladder. But, what if the cookies burned in the minute it took him to grab it? Or, he got too absorbed in it and forgot about them?

The oven right now needed his complete, undivided attention. It was bad enough that he had his bladder as a distraction from his task, he didn’t need anything else. Wow, his bladder was a MAJOR distraction, though. He was crossing his legs against sharp spasms before too much time had passed.

He cursed himself for those two big glasses of water. Whatever had he been thinking? He knew how small his bladder was, he knew all that fluid would flush through his system quickly. He just hadn’t known that he’d get trapped in the kitchen. His middle ached with cramps. To get to the toilet, he’d just have to go back through the living room and around a corner. It was so close! It would take him less than a minute to get there, unzip his fly and rid himself of all the water he’d stupidly consumed.

But, a minute was probably long enough for the cookies to char into hard, black disks. He told himself to hold it and opened the oven door a crack once more. Still didn’t look ready… He fought back a groan that surely would have woken Duncan up as he stumbled backwards and bobbed on his heels. He swore he could hear the fluid sloshing when he moved. It could have been his imagination, supplying sound-effects to the awful feelings of his pee bouncing around in his bladder, but it sounded so real he thought it could be genuine.

“Shit…” River breathed out, leaning into the counter and gripping its edges. “Shitshitshit…” for some reason, muttering curses to himself was taking the edge off of his need. He crossed his legs, ankles and knees joining together to fight the waves of urine knocking at his exit. “I need a fucking piss, fuuuck…”

He told himself he was being overly dramatic. He’d been WAY more desperate than this before, and he’d made it out fine. The day in the woods had been atrocious, then that awful ride home from the mall, and he’d very nearly exploded the morning the bathroom door hadn’t come open. All of those times, he’d managed to hold it… Mostly. He’d hold it again today, he hadn’t even sprung any leaks yet!

As if he’d tempted fate with that thought, a powerful surge welled up inside of him and, before he could react, he felt heat slick its way down his length and then dot his boxers. He released his hands from the counter and flung them between his legs instead in one quick motion. “Ahhh— No, come on… Christ’s sake, River, you can’t fucking piss your damn pants in your own house!” He curled over on himself, squeezing tightly. “Toilet’s right around the corner, get a fucking hold of yourself!”

His hands tightened themselves around his dick, reminding him that he already HAD gotten a hold of himself and that it wasn’t helping as much as he’d like for it to. He let himself stay there in his cramped, huddled position for a few more seconds, before he made himself slowly hobble forwards to the oven again. He opened the door, saw that the cookies were starting to change color and get darker, which he took as a sign that he was nearing the end of his torment. “Hurry…” he mumbled. “Hurry up, I need to go piss so fucking badly…”

He inched away from the oven, and when his bladder gave another agonizing lurch and he felt something inside him starting to go terrifyingly loose, River dropped onto the floor and pushed his foot hard into his groin. He wrapped his hand around his foot, pressing against it more desperately, wriggling his hips and doing his best to think of something that was very, very dry.

“Oooh… Fuckfuckfuck… I gotta—“ River bit down hard on his lip. “Pr—Pretend you’re in a desert…” he huffed out, exhaling heavy, choppy breaths. “Th—There hasn’t been water here in— In fifty years, s—so nobody ever needs a piss… Th—They don’t know what pissing is here. Pissing is a myth, and you don’t gotta do it…” His nonsensical babbling did nothing to sway his bladder, did nothing to convince it that it wasn’t actually over-stretched and coming apart at its seams. Another drip seeped out to heat the area around his dick. “Don’t gotta go…” he muttered. “Don’t gotta go… Don’t gotta go…”

He kept rocking back and forth. He kept chanting to himself that he didn’t actually need to use the restroom. He kept trying his hardest to convince himself that if he just SAID it enough times, the liquid inside of him would miraculously vanish and he would no longer have to endure its pleas for freedom.

He even started trying to think of some way he could empty himself without leaving the kitchen— A way that didn’t involve just giving up and soaking his pants. There were the bowls he’d used to mix the dough, they were pretty big. They would be MORE than enough to contain everything River was holding back.

He dragged himself back onto his feet. Now incapable of standing up all the way, he waddled half-hunched over back to the oven. He opened it slightly, the cookies were just starting to crisp. A few more minutes, and he was sure they’d be ready. But, a few more minutes was something River’s bladder didn’t have.

He jiggled his way to the counter where he’d left the bowls. They still had some residue left over from all the ingredients, and he momentarily wondered if the baking powder would react to his piss in any way. ‘Will it fizz up, like with vinegar?’ Not that it mattered, River was about to relieve himself and he was going to feel so wonderful…

He set the bowl down on the floor and unzipped, freeing his member before crouching down over the bowl. A little drop was already collecting at his tip, it plinked into the bowl and he shut his eyes, inhaling deeply, telling his muscles that it was time to let it all go.

No sooner had he started to trickle and the first sensations of relief were massaging through his abdomen, did River have to clench up and STOP everything.

“River…?” Duncan yawned. “What are you doing?”

River’s eyes flew open at the exact same time his floodgates slammed shut. His bladder burned with the need to keep emptying, but Duncan was standing RIGHT there at the entrance to the kitchen, staring as River held his dick over a big bowl crusted with dough, staring as droplets of impossible to hold urine fell into it… “I— I have to go really, really bad…” River said, as if that was both NOT incredibly obvious and actually a decent explanation.

“We have a toilet, remember?”

River squeezed down hard on his cock, trying to keep anything else from coming out. Having to stop mid-flow like that had sent his body into such a major frenzy that, in spite of his embarrassment, he refused to put his member back away, refused to stop hovering it over the bowl. He felt so threateningly close to gushing uncontrollably, that he HAD to keep a container there just in case, no matter how humiliating his current position looked. “Can’t use it… Have to make sure the cookies don’t burn.”

“River—“

“The book didn’t say h—how long to leave them in…” River explained, his statement punctuated by two seconds of hissing as piss involuntarily sprayed into the bowl. “S—So, I’m watching, and I can’t lea—“

“This place is really small,” Duncan said. “If you’d just yelled my name, I would have woken up and come to see what was going on.”

River hadn’t even considered that, but now that he was he didn’t see how it was a good idea. “You would have been scared if, all the sudden, I was shouting.”

“True, but if you’d shouted ‘Duncan, come here, and don’t worry, I just need to pee!’ Then, I wouldn’t have been scared at all.”

River pinched the tip of his dick, it hurt but it was helping keep his liquids at bay for now. “S—So? What would t—telling you even do?”

Duncan was staring again. “I would have watched the oven while you peed…?”

Deep down, River had known that was always an option. If this had happened BEFORE the Organization, he would have had no trouble calling someone else to take his place. He would have weighed his options, accepted that it was an emergency and that it would be more embarrassing to have an accident or piss into a bowl than it would be to ask for help. He would have made the right choice.

But, this was AFTER the Organization, and AFTER the Organization, asking for help was the hardest thing in the world sometimes… It was a reminder that he’d changed, that he wasn’t as tough, as gritty, as self-sufficient as he’d once been. It was a reminder that, now, he was scared, paranoid and in constant need of comfort and assistance to make it through each day.

He thought the worst thing about it was how he actually LIKED having someone else do things for him, the warmth that flooded his chest every time, like it was filling in hollow spots that had been part of him for so long that he’d stopped even noticing they were there… He wasn’t supposed to need help, he wasn’t supposed to enjoy being cared for, he was supposed to do everything himself and never burden others with his existence and needs…

“Can you get up and make it to the toilet?” Duncan asked. “If you can’t, that’s okay, just… Just keep using the bowl, I guess…”

River forced himself up, squeezing his tip with all his strength. He could feel inside his dick already, knew if he removed his hands, removed that barrier, it would be gushing out. He tried to move forwards, but just collapsed back down on his knees, shaking his head frantically.

“Okay… That’s fine…” Duncan said, kneeling next to him. “Bowls can be washed, go ahead and finish…”

River released his hold on his dick, immediately letting his stream continue spraying into the bowl. His hands moved to grip Duncan instead, holding tightly onto his shirt sleeve as he shook from the humiliation.

Duncan rubbed his back, trying to look at River’s pinched, scrunched up face so that he could discern WHY he was still so tense even though he was finally urinating. Duncan’s eyes kept dragging back to River’s dick instead, though. The memory of the one time he’d held it still fresh in his mind. It had been so thick and warm, it had felt good in his hand. Duncan wished he could see and touch it when it WASN’T gushing out piss, he wished he could see what ELSE it could do, but the sight of it now was still VERY welcome.

Duncan forced himself to stop staring. He’d get to play with River’s cock someday… He hoped soon. What was more important was the look on River’s face. He was flooding the bowl, but he didn’t look satisfied at all. “What’s the matter?”

“I’m s—sorry…” River choked out, shaking more. “I couldn’t hold it…”

“That’s okay,” Duncan told him again. “You’re fine, you’re not having an accident.”

The last of River’s urine seeped out, but he still didn’t move from his position. He kept shaking. “I’m… I’m so… I’m embarrassed. This was stupid, I should have asked for help, even though it feels…”

Duncan helped River up now and River finally zipped up his pants. “Does asking for help feel bad…?”

“It— It feels good and bad,” River said. “I don’t know how to explain it. I… I like when you or Hugo take care of me, but… I shouldn’t.”

“River, I’m your boyfriend,” Duncan pointed out. He stepped over to the oven and opened it. “And Hugo’s… Like… Pretty much our Dad, or something.” The cookies looked fine, if a little dark. He pulled out the tray, turned off the oven. “It’s our job to take care of you.” He set the tray onto the table, and stared at the shapes. He had no idea what any of the cookies were supposed to be, but they’d probably still taste nice and sweet. “Who says you shouldn’t like it?”

“I… I’ve always just been… It’s been ME,” River said. “On my own since… A long time. Even before they kicked me out, my parents were so disgusted by me, they could barely stand to hug me or anything, and then… Then I was on my own on the streets, and I took care of myself, and when Hugo found me, I was working so hard so he’d know I was useful, and now I’m NOT useful anymore, I just get scared and want to be held, and that’s not how—“

“No,” Duncan interrupted. “You STILL help out in the workshop, you literally SAVED this man’s life— You saved MY life from the Organization, and you’ve saved YOURSELF from lots of things… You think you’re useless now just because you stay inside and need hugs? Your parents threw you out when you were sixteen, right?”

“Yeah…”

“So, ever since then, your life’s been this nonstop battle, and when you weren’t just trying to survive, sounds like you were going above and beyond working for Hugo, and then all the stuff we went through together… You need a BREAK.” Duncan held out his arms. “Come here…” he said.

River leaned into him, nuzzling his cheek against his shoulder. Duncan put his arms around him, stroking his back gently. “Just, LET yourself be taken care of sometimes, okay?”

“I’m sorry…”

“Don’t be, you haven’t done anything wrong,” Duncan said. “Let’s wash that bowl and see how the cookies came out.”

Once the bowl was emptied and cleaned out, River sat at the table beside Duncan. Duncan took a bite of one of the cookies, and his eyes widened.

“They’re terrible,” River said. “You hate them.”

“They’re good,” Duncan said. “They’re sweet, just kind of hard and… River, did you put SALT in them?”

“The recipe said to!”

“Okay, okay,” Duncan assured. “They’re not bad, I like them. You’ve never baked anything before, so you did a good job. Next time, less salt?”

“Okay,” River said, reaching for another of the cookies, but Duncan stopped him, grabbed one himself.

Duncan held the cookie out, “Open wide,” he said.

River blushed and turned his head away. “Duncan, seriously?”

“Come on…”

“I can feed myself just fi—“

“Let someone take care of you,” Duncan reiterated. “Open.”

River rolled his eyes, opened his mouth. Duncan held the cookie there and let him take off a bite. He chewed it slowly. Duncan was right, it was harder than sugar cookies he’d had in the past had been. The vanilla flavor was strong, and the sugar was too, with more than a hint of the salt. He actually liked the extra saltiness, but could understand why Duncan would want it toned down. He swallowed. “Yeah, I guess I didn’t TOTALLY fuck it up,” he said.

Duncan nodded, “Next time, just less salt, a little softer, and don’t pee in the mixing bowl.”
