Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*004*2022-12-05 01:22

Hugo came home hours later, by which point River was again dying for the toilet. Having brought himself to the absolute bursting point earlier, his small bladder was tired out, his holding muscles sore and not eager to do all that again. But, he felt certain he could hold THIS piss back until the restroom was available again. That didn’t stop him from hovering over Hugo the entire time, hopping from foot to foot and muttering the word “Hurry,” under his breath over and over, though.

Duncan had to go quite a bit by that point, too. His bladder was pinching at him, protesting his vow to let River take the first turn in there.

Not that River waited to be TOLD that he could be first to go. The second the door cracked open, River had shoved his way through it. Duncan heard his zipper getting torn down before the thing had even shut all the way. Through the material, Duncan could make out the hissing crash of River’s desperate stream pouring out, and the fluttery moan he couldn’t help but release. Duncan crossed his legs tightly at all those noises. “Ooohhhh…” he whimpered.

“You really need it too, huh?” Hugo said. “Sorry, River really should have ASKED if he could go fir—“

“I—It’s fine,” Duncan said, letting a hand drop down to his waist and grip around his dick. “I was already gonna let him go first…”

“He still should have asked… I’ve been working on it, but he’s never had the greatest manners.”

“It’s really okay,” Duncan said. He hopped a few times. “I— Ooooh, I need to— I— I’ve sort of noticed River can’t… Wait as long as me.”

“Ah, yeah,” Hugo said. “I’d have to pull over for him pretty much any time we drove anywhere, back before… Before…”

Duncan looked away. He was sure Hugo must have missed being able to go places WITH River. He didn’t know their entire history, but the way Hugo looked at River was the way a man would look at the son he was immensely proud of and loved with all his heart. It must have been soul-destroying not to get to bond with him in the same ways anymore.

Duncan finally heard the toilet flush, and he bobbed up and down as the water moved its way through the pipes. ‘Ah— Hurry, River!’ He thought. He listened to River rinsing off his hands— River seldom really ‘washed’ them after a pee, just ran them under the water for a couple seconds— And, at last, all the torturous, watery noises went away and the door was open.

“E—Excuse me,” Duncan mumbled, pushing past River and Hugo to take his turn.

As he pulled down his pants, he heard Hugo murmuring to River; “See, that’s what YOU should have said once I’d gotten the door open for you, instead of just shoving.”

Duncan sat on the toilet, exhaling breathily as his stream pattered into the water below him and his bladder finally deflated. ‘Hugo even scolds River like he’s his Dad…’ he thought.

“Aw, come on, I— It was kind of hard for me to talk, you know!?” River was saying.

“You didn’t have a problem telling me to ‘hurry’!”

Hugo didn’t sound angry or irritated, and that made Duncan happy. He certainly didn’t think River should be in any trouble for acting that way when he was close to an accident for the second time in one day.

Duncan finished peeing and pulled his pants back up. Unlike River, he DID actually wash his hands after urinating, so it took him a minute before he was back in the hallway. River had gone, but Hugo was still there. “Can I talk to you for a second?” he asked.

Duncan nodded, and followed Hugo back into his bedroom. He felt dread rising up in him, chasing away the last of the relief still lingering after his pee. “What’s wrong?”

“Er, you know how we were talking about River, uh, ‘not holding it for long’?” Hugo asked.

“Yeah,” Duncan said.

“There’s… No way he could have waited all day for me to get home. I’m even surprised YOU did it, I—“

“He couldn’t… Neither of us could,” Duncan said.

“I… See,” Hugo said. “Um, just let me know if any part of the floor needs extra cleaning, or what I need to get washed, and—“

“We didn’t have accidents,” Duncan interrupted. “We… We went outside.”

Hugo’s eyes widened. “You did?! That’s fantastic!”

“Y—Yeah, I think River actually needed to go so much he didn’t totally realize what he was doing… But, it was the only place we could… Do it, so we just went out front and—“

“I’m really proud of you,” Hugo said. “Really. Just yesterday you were both terrified of opening a window, today you’re—“

“I—It was an emergency,” Duncan said. “That was all. River was— He was hurting. I— I really don’t like seeing him in pain, it brings back… Stuff.”

Hugo patted him on the head. “I understand. But still, I’m proud. And you both should be proud, too.”

***

The next morning, Hugo had an announcement. Since River and Duncan had left the cabin once now, Hugo thought it was time to bring them out somewhere for real. Duncan wasn’t so sure, “W—We only went just RIGHT outside our house because it was an emergency…” he said. “That’s all.”

“It would be really good for you both to actually get out,” Hugo said. “We should do it soon, before you lose the nerve you built up after yesterday.”

Duncan didn’t know if they’d really built up any ‘nerve’! All they’d actually done was avoid making a really huge puddle on the floor by any means necessary.

“Wh—What would we do?” River asked. “I don’t… I would maybe feel safer somewhere…” Where WOULD he feel safer? Nowhere but here, he didn’t think! Outside, someone with ties to the Organization could see him and Duncan, could hurt them, could watch them and then follow them back home, and—

An attack would be less likely in a place with lots of witnesses. It would also be hard to keep track of someone if it was really crowded. There was probably a confusing, winding route they could take home, which would make it tricky for anyone to trail after them…

“S—Somewhere… Crowded,” River said finally.

“Crowded?” Hugo asked. “Really, I thought—“

“W—Witnesses,” River explained. “I—If something… Happens.”

Duncan liked the way River was thinking and started to nod.

“A—And, I want us to take a really long and confusing drive home,” River added.

“What?”

“So, if someone tries to follow, they’d lose us!” Duncan said. “Right, River?”

“Yes.”

“So, that would help you both feel safer?” Hugo asked. “You’re sure?”

They each nodded.

“Okay…” Hugo said. “I’ll think of a good spot.”

***

They decided to go to the mall and see a movie. The mall in town was always crowded since it was one of the few places to go for entertainment, and the movie they’d chosen had just been released and was the latest in a highly popular series. There would be tons of people.

Hugo was hopeful he could coax them into looking at some of the stores AFTER the movie, too. But, if they wanted to go straight home, that would be fine. This was still an enormous step towards healing and being friends with the world again.

They arrived at the mall, and Duncan felt… Weird. He felt scared, but there was a certain DEEPNESS to this fear. Like, ice was forming inside of his bones, crystalizing and freezing his joints together. He walked very stiffly through the parking lot, and didn’t make it more than five steps before he’d grabbed onto River and just… Held him. His hands coiled around River’s arm, and only got tighter.

And River… River had been the ‘leader’ when they’d escaped from the Organization. He’d been first around every corner, first through every door… His brain turned to mush and static, only clear thought managing to squeak through; ‘Protect Duncan.’ Over and over again. Just ‘Protect Duncan.’

River would keep Duncan safe at all times. Even if it meant ignoring all of his own fear and pretending that it didn’t exist. “I—It’s okay, Duncan…” River whispered as they followed closely behind Hugo. “I’m in charge, I can handle anything bad that comes our way.”

They entered the mall, and Duncan somehow managed to clutch River even harder. It actually hurt an awful lot… It didn’t help that Duncan was also hanging onto the arm that housed River’s phallo-scar, which STILL got random aches every now and then.

“Okay,” Hugo said, at a volume that River thought would announce to everyone exactly where they were, but was probably barely even above a whisper. “The theater is this way… We have time, do you want to go to a store first?”

Duncan tried to answer ‘no’, that he just wanted to sit in the dark theater where he thought he’d feel safer. But, that icy cold feeling in his bones was moving up higher, it coated his throat, washed over his tongue, sunk into all his jaw… And all of the sudden, the language Duncan had spoken all his life had left him. He just… He didn’t know what was happening, but he couldn’t move his mouth, couldn’t form any words, couldn’t find his voice…

 So, he just shook his head.

“You sure?” Hugo asked. “River…?”

“I…” River was able to talk, but his voice came out barely above a whisper. “I don’t think so… Maybe after…”

“Well, okay,” Hugo decided not to push it. Not to push THEM. He found himself wishing he’d paid more attention during that one semester of psychology he’d taken decades ago in high school. How was he supposed to know back then that one day he’d be tasked with taking care of two highly traumatized people and trying to help them ease back into something that resembled normalcy?

He THOUGHT he was doing the right things, he thought taking them out would, over time, help them get better. But, where was the balance? Too fast, and he’d make them panic, maybe just traumatize them further. Too slow, and they’d continue to cocoon themselves at home, becoming more and more detached from anything that wasn’t themselves, Hugo, or worlds they could only enter in books.

He hoped that the speed at which he was trying to move them was correct, but they were both… He’d expected them to be scared, but they were shaking, clinging to each other… Duncan hadn’t said a word since they’d gotten here…

Hugo decided to try and get him to speak. Once he’d talked once, Hugo was sure, it would be a lot easier for him to do it again! So, he’d just ask Duncan a question that couldn’t be answered with a simple yes or no.

They stopped at the concessions before going to their theater. Hugo asked River and Duncan if they’d like something, and was pleased when they both nodded. “What do you want?” He asked. “You can have anything.”

“F…Fruit punch…” River mumbled.

Hugo nodded and, knowing how much River loved fruit punch and how much River WOULDN’T want to have to get up during the movie for anything, he got him a large size so that it would last him. “Duncan? How about you?”

Duncan still hadn’t released River. He wanted to say that he would like a Cola but, just like before, something inside him wasn’t working. The gears in his jaw seemed to have spontaneously grown rusty, because it refused to unhinge and let him speak…

Hugo knit his brows as Duncan remained silent.

Finally, Duncan made a noise, but it didn’t make Hugo feel any better. It was a tiny squeak, almost a whimper. So small that his lips barely moved.

“Duncan…? Is something—”

“D—Duncan likes Cola best,” River informed. “R—Right, Duncan?”

Duncan managed a tiny nod, feeling warm that River had remembered which drink was his favorite.

Hugo got Duncan his Cola and handed it to him. He nervously led them both into the theater and sat down with them. River was eagerly sucking down his fruit punch, and Duncan was taking hesitant, small sips from his cup.

Hugo was concerned. It was almost like Duncan suddenly COULDN’T talk for some reason. But, that didn’t make any sense! Duncan wasn’t sick! He hadn’t even gone outside where he’d be able to catch a cold! Why would he lose his voice? He’d been talking just fine that morning, too!

Duncan clutched River’s hand as the previews started. River clutched back. He kept drinking his punch, having a task to focus on was calming him down somewhat. But, he was really anxious. Not just about being outside, but about Duncan… He hadn’t liked how he’d needed to speak FOR him a few minutes ago, and that little creaky sound he’d made… It all caused River to feel uneasy.

River paused his drinking for a second. “I am in charge, remember?” He said. “There’s nothing I can’t handle, so just leave everything to me, and try to feel safe.” His spine chilled then, and he didn’t really understand why.

 Duncan squeezed his hand again, and River returned to his beverage.

The movie began. River actually really enjoyed it. Even before the Organization, movies in an actual theater had been a rare treat for him. This one was so exciting, too. Lots of action and intrigue and things to keep him focused on things other than how scared he was and how—

‘I NEED TO PISS!’ River’s body screamed at him. Jesus fuck… He suddenly realized he’d merely been chewing on the straw in his cup for the last several minutes, all of the punch already gone and filtering through his body— A whole lot of it already asking if it could please be released now. God, he needed the toilet… He crossed his legs, his bladder cramping inside him.

How much time was left in the movie? Could he hold it until— Ah, no. No way could he hold it. Now that he’d noticed it, he was stunned he hadn’t already pissed his pants. He wriggled in his seat. What should he do?! If this had been BEFORE the organization, he’d just stand up, shuffle past Hugo, and use the nearest restroom, because leaving the theater by himself wouldn’t have been terrifying.

But, it WAS terrifying now.

Duncan jumped when River accidentally kicked him while crossing his legs around the other way. He could tell pretty easily what was bugging his partner, but he didn’t know what to do about it, either. He could tell River to ask Hugo, and then they could all take a pee break together?

His lips moved to form River’s name, but no sound came out, and River didn’t notice.

River too had realized he could just ASK Hugo to please, please bring him to the toilet before he exploded, but then he thought that standing up and leaving the theater could give someone a chance to get a good look at them.

‘For fuck’s sake,’ River thought, rubbing his ankles together frantically. ‘What are the odds someone with that organization is IN this theater and will turn from the screen just in time to see you— And somehow be able to tell even in the dark that it’s YOU?’

All the rational thoughts in the world couldn’t chase away that one terrified, illogical one though.

So, River made himself hold it.

He made himself hold it all through the entire last hour of the movie, holding his crotch, bouncing his legs, sitting on his feet and begging his body to hold on. Duncan kept rubbing a thumb over his hand, and River figured Duncan had probably noticed his distress.

Hugo noticed it when the lights came on and he had a clearer view of his surroundings. River was doubled over on himself by then, one hand wedged firmly between his thighs as his legs bobbed up and down.

Hugo’s first instinct was to joke around, ask River if he’d really liked the movie THAT much since he’d been so determined not to miss a second of it. But most of River’s behavior was based in trauma. Of course he hadn’t gotten up for a pee during the movie, he wouldn’t go off anywhere by himself now. So, instead Hugo whispered “You could have tapped me. Duncan and I would have walked with you to the restroom. Let me know next time, okay?”

River just whimpered, he didn’t have the energy to explain why he’d been too scared for that. His body bent so far forward that the top of his head was brushing against the empty seat in front of him.

Crap… Had they both lost their voices now? “River, you okay?”

“I have to go piss!” River whispered sharply.

Okay. Good. He could still talk…

“I— I know, come on. We’ll take you.”

They exited the theater, doing so rather slowly since River was having a great deal of trouble walking and Duncan wouldn’t stop clinging to him. They walked down the hall, passing the first men’s room since it had a line, and finding another out in the main part of the shopping mall. “H—Here,” Hugo said. “This one will be nice and empty and safe for you,” he encouraged. “Go on.”

River scurried in, bladder aching from the anticipation of relief. Once the door had shut behind him and he was now alone in the empty, unfamiliar place, he felt different. The sensation that the world was about to fall apart beneath his feet overtook him and he felt dizzy. The throbbing of his bladder brought him back to reality.

In the time before the Organization, he always used a stall. He’d just gotten used to stalls before his phalloplasty and had never thought ‘Oh, right. I can finally use the urinals now.’ River was a bit of a creature of habit, he supposed.

But, this time, when he stepped into the stall and pulled the lock into place, his heart instantly started slamming around in his chest and he felt blood rushing in his ears. Something in him was screaming ‘NO LOCKS! TOO TIGHT! TOO DARK!’ So, he quickly left the stall and rushed for the row of urinals instead.

Once there, he paused for a second, trying to decide if there was a specific area he was supposed to aim at. His bladder sent him a very sharp plea not to worry about that, so he just took out his dick, hoped he was pointing it at a spot that wouldn’t cause splashback, and prepared for his torment to come to an end.

But then, the strangest thing happened.

There was no stream. There was no relief. There was just an ever-growing pressure in his abdomen that continued to hurt worse and worse.

What. The. Fuck.

Why the Hell wasn’t it coming out? First he’d been fighting not to piss his pants and now he couldn’t piss at all? He rubbed a hand over his lower abdomen, and the pain skyrocketed, but he still didn’t actually pee. The silence of the empty restroom penetrated his ear drums. He kept checking back over his shoulder, all of the shadows in the room becoming twisted and frightening. Some of the stall doors weren’t open all the way, he couldn’t see in them. Anything could be in there.

He just had to hurry up and pee so he could get out of here!

He bounced sharply on his heels a few times, begging his body to please, please just let him piss so that this ordeal could be over with. But, the harder he tried to get his stream started, the more determined his bladder seemed to be to hang onto it.

Finally, the silence became more than he could handle. He zipped himself up and, the second he did, his bladder released a protesting squirt into his boxers. With an angry growl, he pulled his dick back out and aimed, and—

Nothing.

Again.

He wanted to break something.

But, the only thing it looked like he’d be breaking today was his own bladder, unless he somehow managed to get it to empty. He struggled for several more seconds before he gave up yet again. He tucked his member back away and pulled up his zipper. Again, as soon as his pants were closed, a dribble of liquid warmed his crotch. But, he didn’t bother with getting his cock back out. He was pretty sure he already knew what would happen if he did.

He stomped out of the restroom, barely managing to restrain his urge to punch a wall on his way out. He was so frustrated that his steps were harsh and slapped against the ground, sending sick reverberations of need through his bladder. But, he didn’t care. His stupid bladder had been given its chance, it was its own stupid fault that it was still full.

Hugo was still standing beside the door, Duncan clinging around his arm. Duncan released Hugo and grabbed River instead now that he was back. “Mmm…?” he made a low, inquisitive noise that River guessed was broken-voice-speak for “Feel better now?”

“No,” River said. “I— I don’t know what the fuck just happened in there, but I couldn’t piss and now I just gotta go even worse.”

Hugo scratched his chin. He tried to remember if River had used a urinal yet or not… After his phalloplasty, he’d still opted for stalls every time Hugo had seen. “Was someone next to you?” He asked. “Because, that’s normal. Lots of guys get some stage fright if—“

“No. I was the only one in the room,” River interrupted. He’d known what Hugo was getting at, but THAT was not something which applied to him. He’d pissed in plenty of places that weren’t the least bit private back when he was homeless. Another dude being at the urinal next to him would have been NOTHING. “And I can go in front of people. You’ve seen me go before.”

That was true. Hugo had just thought that maybe River would feel differently around a stranger. Apparently not. “So, you… Couldn’t go even though you were alone?”

River shook his head, miserable. “And I still feel like I’m gonna explode my kidneys! I just— I gotta go home. Now. I think I can go there.”

“Are you sure? We still haven’t seen any stores, or gone to din—“

“L—Let’s just order a pizza once we’re back home?” River suggested. “Please? It really hurts…I need— I need to go home!”

Hugo couldn’t say no now that River had admitted he was in pain. But, he was still perplexed by this turn of events. It would be one thing if River froze up because someone was next to him, but this didn’t make any sense to him at all.

Hugo led River and Duncan back to the car. They got into the backseat and he started to drive them in the direction of the forest. “Do you still want me to take the zig-zaggy, long way home?” He asked.

The confusing route would be safest, in case someone had spotted them. But, it would take a while and River just had to go so, so bad… He chose safety over his need for relief. “Yes.”

“Okay,” Hugo said. “If… If you need me to pull over along the way…”

River shook his head. He was certain that if Hugo pulled over, he’d have the same problem again. He just needed to be home…

Duncan was still clutching his arm, and River turned to him. “Long way okay with you?” He asked.

Duncan just nodded, no sound left his mouth. He was still utterly silent.

Hugo drove, a pit forming in his stomach. True, this was only their first trip out, but it had gone just terribly. One of them forgot how to speak, and the other suddenly couldn’t use the bathroom for some reason, in spite of what was obviously a SEVERE need to do so. He hoped the next outing went better. If he could convince them to GO on a second, anyway.

River gnashed his teeth together as the car bounced along. He still wasn’t used to the feeling of being in a moving vehicle again, having to endure that with a full bladder increased the discomfort tenfold. He squeezed his thighs together and bounced his knees.

Duncan inched closer to him. “Mmm… Sor…ry…” he managed to force out.

 “I—It’s not your fault,” River assured him, just happy he’d actually said something. “I don’t know what’s going on with me.” He crossed his legs. “I just— I gotta hold it, I guess. I’ll be able to have a piss once we’re back home.”

Hugo was driving slightly above the speed limit. He would not allow River to wet his pants on his watch. He was going to make damn sure the guy made it. When he glanced back at them in the rearview mirror, he saw River had graduated to holding himself again— Both hands, too.

This was bad.

River leaned backwards in his seat, staring up at the ceiling. He could feel every crack in the road, and each one stabbed his bladder without remorse. ‘Why the Hell couldn’t I go at the mall?!’ He kept wondering. Maybe he’d spent so much time inside lately that he’d developed a shy bladder in spite of not having one before?

‘Bullshit. I’ve pissed in fucking bushes with people babbling a few feet away, I don’t get pee-shy. Especially when there’s no god damned people around.’

Wait.

It was the silence in the restroom that had freaked him out, right? The silence, the solitude inside an unfamiliar room where threatening people could very easily hide…

Did he just get… ‘Stage fright’, as Hugo had called it, because people WEREN’T around to look at him while he took a piss? Well, then stage fright was probably the wrong term, but he thought he DID have an idea of what his issue was now. When he thought more about it, the idea of urinating in a packed restroom where people would be sure to see if someone jumped out of a stall and did something to him sounded… Maybe not exactly pleasant, but better than the empty, silent room he’d been in earlier.

If this theory was correct, then River hadn’t spontaneously become pee-shy. He was… Whatever the opposite of pee-shy was. He could only go if someone WAS looking. So, maybe he would have had better luck using the FIRST bathroom they’d passed, the one with all of the people crowded inside it.

Well. A fat load of good figuring all of that out did for him NOW. He was still just going to have to hold it all the way home! He coiled his legs together when they went over a speed bump. He felt like his bladder was being juggled around in the air or something. He looked out the window, but felt like an idiot a moment later. Of course, he couldn’t gauge how close they were to the cabin because he wouldn’t recognize any of the things they were passing.

Which left him with one other option to find out how much longer he had to contain himself; Asking ‘are we there yet?’ over and over like a bored child on a road trip. He didn’t want to do that, it would be so humiliating, and he held off as long as he could. But, eventually the pressure was so bad that he just blurted it out; “Hugo, how much further?”

“It’s going to be about half an hour,” Hugo replied. “Can you do that, River?”

And Hugo’s voice was so paternal, so utterly caring and comforting, that River felt… Well, he wasn’t sure what he felt. His chest and face felt warm, like they did when he was embarrassed. But, it wasn’t a ‘burning’ kind of heat, it was more like being wrapped up in a cozy blanket… “O—Okay,” River said, shifting his position again. “I can make it…”

Duncan squeezed his arm again. “River… Okay?” He croaked.

“Y—Yeah,” River said. He was still deeply concerned by how Duncan was acting, too. The way he was talking or, rather, NOT talking was unsettling.

“Good…” Duncan sighed.

River jiggled his legs. He wasn’t okay. Not really. He felt like he was about to go, right where he was. He was going to piss all over the seat. That thought gripped him with its icy tendrils, shudders ripping up his spine. “H—Hugo?!” River whimpered desperately. “When are we going to be home?” When he didn’t receive an answer within an eighth of femtosecond, he added “Hugo. Hugo, soon, right? Soon?” His bladder cramped so painfully, and a burst of heat soaked his boxers. “Ahhh—!”

Hugo tensely gripped the steering wheel. It had been less than five minutes since River had last asked that. “St—Still about half an hour,” he told him. “I’m sorry.”

River doubled over, bucking his hips against his clenched hands.He sucked his stomach in tight. He felt like it had already BEEN half an hour! He felt like it had been half a day! He couldn’t make it! He’d waited so long already, through the drive TO the mall, through the movie, through the anxiety-induced lock-up in the restroom… It had already been more than his small bladder could handle! He felt a long, slow dribble seep out of him, and he bit his lip to keep from cursing.

“Hold on, River…” Hugo encouraged gently. “I know, it’s an emergency… I’m getting you home.”

Duncan patted River’s rapidly bouncing knee. He wanted to tell River that he’d make it. He wanted to tell River that it would be okay if he had an accident. He wanted to tell River… Anything to make it better! But, while he could get his mouth to move enough to form those words, his vocal cords wouldn’t put in the effort to drag them out.

River leaned into him, coiling up. He pulled his foot into the seat with him, dug it hard into his shimmering crotch, and Duncan saw now that his boyfriend had already had a little spill…

He realized with a heavy heart that River probably WOULDN’T make it home in time.

Another bump in the road was River’s undoing, the next stream that pulsed out of him was violent in its intensity and he couldn’t stop it, he could only restrain it to dribbles. “Bottle!” River cried.

“Huh?” Hugo asked.

“B—Bottle!” River repeated, lip catching between his teeth. “Please! Please— Tell me there’s a bottle in here! I can’t—“ a loud hiss filled the air and interrupted him. “I can’t hold it! I need to go piss NOW.”

Hugo had heard River’s last leak, it had been so forceful that it was impossible NOT to hear it. He hoped the seat underneath River wasn’t too wet. He didn’t care about the seat itself, he was just worried what it would do to River’s self-esteem if he drenched it. Hugo opened the glove compartment.

River anxiously waited, so hopeful. The pressure was increasing again, he’d let out a TON during his last loss of control, and now the rest of his bladder wanted out worse than ever. And from the way his sphincters were trembling, he was certain he was going to burst any second now.

By the time Hugo had found a bottle, River was gasping, grunting, and holding himself so firmly that it was hurting him.

It was tiny, about half the size of a normal water bottle, but River panted out his thanks as he pulled his dribbling cock free from his damp boxers. He shook as he readied himself at the bottle’s opening.

“Ahhh— Hurrryyyy…” River moaned, undoing his seat-belt and scooting forwards. He made quick work of his zipper, the sound of it releasing made his spurting flow restart as Hugo handed him the bottle. Instantly, his bladder cracked open and he was voiding uncontrollably into the little container.

River let out a wail of immense relief, flopping forwards and allowing his sweaty forehead to rest against the back of Hugo’s seat. It didn’t take long for River to become aware of a new problem; The bottle was too small. The heavy stone of his bladder had only just barely loosened up, allowing River a sample of his relief, and then he noticed the bottle was almost completely full.

He didn’t know if he could stop! It just— It felt so good to pee, he didn’t want to stop! He wanted to go and go and go forever! Piss was ejecting from him at full-force, his muscles exhausted from being pulled taut for so long. But, the bottle was nearly overflowing!

River whimpered and clenched his holding muscles, pain erupting from his middle as he tried to cut his stream short. His release slowed to a leaky spurting, but he couldn’t stop.

“Hugo—!“ River gasped. “Where’s— Is there another bottle? This one’s almost full and I’m not finished!” He was trying as hard as he could to quit going, but his bladder wouldn’t listen, sending more and more dribbles out.

“I’m sorry,” Hugo said. “That was the only one I could find. I promise we’re almost there… Try to hold on to the rest until then, alright?”

River whimpered— He could feel there was still SO MUCH left in him!

“You’ve let out a lot of it,” Hugo told him. “That’s enough to give you a little more time.” He just hoped the reassurance would encourage River to make it.

It seemed to work, as River managed to stop any more pee from coming out for long enough to put the cap back on the bottle and stuff his member back into his pants. He winced at the sodden feeling of the material, it was an awful tease, trying to coax him into just giving up and finishing in his pants. But, he was able to restrain that urge. He wasn’t able to force himself to pull up his zipper or put his seat-belt back on.

“Five more minutes,” Hugo promised. “You can make it.”

River was grateful they were so close, but that came with a price. Because, once they’d pulled on to the winding, dirt road that led through the woods and towards their cabin, the ride became painfully bumpy. His bladder responded to each shake of the car by spasming harshly, and his muscles were so frayed from the constant tension that he wasn’t able to stop the warm drips from continually spilling into his clammy boxers. ‘No, please!’ He begged himself. ‘We’re so fucking close! I have to make it now!’ He shook with pain, groaning loudly when the car went into a dip in the road and prompted another loud splash of pee.

Duncan had heard River’s last loss of control and scooted himself closer to him. He stroked River’s arm. “It’s… Okay…” he told him. It was getting easier to speak the closer they got to the cabin. “River… It will only be a few more minutes…”

River relaxed a little at the sound of Duncan’s voice speaking in complete sentences. “I have to piss. God, Duncan, I have to go so fucking bad…” he gritted.

“I know…” Duncan said, kissing his cheek. “Almost there. You can do it.”

The cabin was in sight, finally. River was jiggling like crazy in his seat. He could go soon, he could go very, very soon! Just— Just a few more seconds, please hang on… He shifted, one hand digging between his thighs, the other wound tightly around the door handle, waiting for the car to stop so that he could at last finish his pee.

River jerked the door open and gently stepped out, his legs were jelly and he wobbled, whined, leaned against the car with both of his hands wedged firmly between his knotted legs. His bladder was boiling, burning away within him as he fought to drag himself to the door. Once there, a hot stream trickled down the side of his left leg. It felt like his bladder must have been the heaviest thing in the entire universe. The stream built into a miniature torrent, quickly re-soaking his drying pants. “Ahhh—!” He moaned, shifting frantically from foot to foot.

Hugo had run to the door and thrusted the key into the lock, he twisted it and threw the door open for River, who could now only stare inside as he felt the threatening tremble that told him he’d well and truly explode if he tried to take another step. ‘No, no, no! Fuck!’ He’d fought so hard to make it, and now he was gonna completely pee his pants just as soon as he’d gotten home!

Duncan crept out from behind Hugo, his eyes widening as he figured out what was happening to River— He couldn’t move! “C—Come on, walk with me,” Duncan said, and River sagged against him as Duncan helped him take tiny, half-steps into the cabin. “Almost there, baby…” he said. “Hang on.”

River whimpered the whole way, he was humiliated, but beneath the humiliation there was something a lot more pleasant. Again, his chest was warm, something inside of him going light and happy as he allowed another person to take so much control over him, to manage him and tend to his very pressing need. The gentle, caring tone Duncan was using only intensified those feelings. “Duncan, it hurts…”

“It’s okay,” Duncan turned and opened the door to the restroom. “You made it, you’re here. Can you take the last few steps by yourself?”

River was shaking his head rapidly, he hadn’t stopped dripping little drops since he’d gotten inside, without someone to lean on he’d be forced to feel the full weight of his bladder again. He couldn’t…

Duncan brought him right in front of the toilet, and River allowed the other to move him there. It was… It was nice to have someone else do things for him, to be taken care of… But, the sight of the toilet was just too much, an atrocious spasm gripped hold of his ailing bladder and a rush of pee burst out of him that was unlike any of his previous leaks. He screwed his eyes shut. His mouth dropped open in an unspoken wail of protest, but his bladder was incapable of following directions anymore. He was peeing for all he was worth.

Duncan reached into the still open flaps of River’s pants and pulled his damp, spraying member out, aiming the gushing torrent into the toilet for him. “There…” he whispered. “There you go…”

River’s eyes popped back open when he felt the hand touching his dick, and heard the sound of fluid against water. Duncan was… Doing EVERYTHING for him now. He’d taken his dick out, he’d aimed it, he was still aiming it. River didn’t have to do a thing, apart from just allow his body to continue doing what it NEEDED.

When he realized that, the relief truly hit him. He could just go now. He could let it all out. No more fighting. No more work. Just the pure bliss of emptying his bladder after such a prolonged period of restraint. “Ahhhhhhh….”

“Th—That feeling a little better?” Duncan asked. He felt extremely awkward doing this. He was surprised at himself that he was doing it at all. He just wasn’t going to let River have an accident when the toilet was literally right in front of him.

“Fuck…” River breathed.

Duncan decided that probably meant ‘Yes, Duncan. I feel loads better now. Thank you so much for helping me go pee,’ and he continued to hold River’s member as it sprayed out its waterfall.

And that was when it hit him.

This was… This was the VERY FIRST time he’d ever touched River’s penis. Apart from occasionally feeling up River’s crotch through his clothes, Duncan hadn’t touched his dick until now. Of course, he’d been wanting to do that for a while, this just wasn’t how he’d ever imagined it would happen. He’d imagined it happening at night, they would have been fooling around above their clothes like they often did, and then River would say he finally felt ready to do that without any fabric in the way.

His cheeks grew warmer, because every time Duncan had fantasized about that, it had ended with him making River moan in the EXACT same way he was doing it now. So, part of his imaginary scenario actually HAD come true? He sure was making River moan up a storm now…

As some of the haze of his desperation faded, River was coming to a similar realization. This was the first time Duncan had ever touched his penis— The first time ANYBODY had ever touched it, apart from himself… And, technically, the surgeons, but he didn’t know if that could really be counted.

It felt strange to have another person’s hand on his dick. He’d had other people touch his… old parts, before he’d gotten them fixed, but every time that had happened, it either hurt, or he’d sort of switched his brain off, made himself NOT feel it. This time, he wasn’t switching off, he was feeling everything about this moment. Duncan’s hand was warm and gentle, River’s bladder shrinking and deflating, and all of that felt so amazing…

Finally, the last of his pee had splashed out of him, and he leaned back against Duncan with another moan. He felt utterly exhausted. Today had been so tiring, over-stimulating. Going out in public for the first time in months, watching a loud action movie, worrying about Duncan, holding his pee until he’d started to break…

He barely had the presence of mind to tuck his dick back into his pants. They were cold and clammy now, and he realized he’d probably leaked badly enough that he needed to get changed. He’d do that in a minute, once he’d remembered how to walk again…

Duncan rubbed River’s chest. “Okay now?” He asked.

River nodded. “I have to change…” he admitted.

“D—Don’t feel bad,”” Duncan said. “You… Held most of it. Sorry that I just… Grabbed your thing like that. I should have asked first. I wasn’t thinking.”

“It’s okay,” River said. “I think I… I needed help.” The words sounded strange on his tongue, foreign. He’d taken care of himself since he was sixteen. Yet, today he’d needed a great deal of assistance with something as simple as using the toilet. That should have been shameful, right? So, then why did he feel so happy that he’d given up his control to someone else?

*005*2022-12-05 20:48

“I think that I pushed you both too much,” Hugo admitted that night. “I’m really sorry.”

“It’s okay,” Duncan said.

“It isn’t,” Hugo said. “You both said you weren’t ready, and I… I just really, really don’t know what I’m doing.”

“You’re trying,” River told him. “You’re right, we do need to get outside. We can’t hide in here for their rest of our lives.”

“It was too much at once,” Hugo said. “I wish I knew— I wish there was some guide for how to do this, or that I could take you guys to someone… Qualified.” He knew Duncan and River both needed therapy— Probably years of it. But, they’d need to show so many records to get to see a doctor, and with the number of eyes the Organization clearly had, obtaining those records would be a very easy way to get found.

River also knew they needed therapy. But, not only was he scared to go looking, he was sure that if he told his story TO a therapist, they’d think it was a delusion and not something that had actually happened to him. Even with Duncan corroborating it, telling the same story with the same details, it could be written off as some kind of SHARED delusion. And then what would happen?

They could only rely on each other, and on Hugo. And none of them had any idea what they were doing.

Hugo couldn’t shake the feeling that what he’d done today had caused River and Duncan far more harm than good. It ate away at him as he laid in bed that night. He tossed and turned, trying to think of something else he could do to help them recover and feel safe again. Recently, he’d gone out and gotten a gun license, and then a rifle to keep at home— Even though he despised guns. It had been worth it when he saw River and Duncan both visibly relax when he informed them that he had a weapon.

Maybe they’d like to have something they could carry around with them for self-defense? Definitely not a gun, but something like pepper spray? Or a pocket knife? Just anything they could always have on-hand in case they needed it? Hugo didn’t like having to think this way, stuff like this made him sick to his stomach.

***

Duncan had made a mistake.

Every night he tried to remember to use the restroom before going to bed. He HAD to remember to do that, because he was too scared to move around the cabin by himself at night. Tonight, he’d forgotten to go.

And, as a result, tonight was terrible.

He didn’t realize his mistake until River had already started to snore, and he could no longer ask his partner to accompany him without rudely shoving him awake. So, Duncan had told himself to just try to go to sleep and wait until morning.

Half an hour had passed since then and he didn’t know if he could…

He’d tried his best to fall asleep, but relaxation was hard to come by with a bladder that was screaming for release. He’d been holding his crotch for ages. Since River was asleep, Duncan saw no reason to feign any modesty about his situation. He could squeeze away and squirm as much as he wanted.

The trouble was that it really wasn’t helping him all that much. His legs were crossed, his dick was being firmly clutched, and still his bladder scorched within him, pee pounding in a harsh rush against his opening.

This whole situation felt awfully familiar to him, too. When he’d been younger, his parents had sent him to a fancy boarding school once he’d entered the sixth grade. The rules at the school were extremely strict, and his first day there it had been stressed to him that there were no exceptions for the nightly curfew; He was NOT allowed to leave his dorm after eight PM, unless the place was on fire.

And, Duncan had misunderstood this rule completely. When the headmaster had said “No leaving the dorm”, he’d thought that meant he wasn’t allowed out of his room during the night. And, his first night there, he’d woken up in his unfamiliar bed, badly needing to relieve his bladder. He’d started to crawl out, when he’d remembered the rule. He had to stay in his room until morning!

It had been impossible for him to fall back asleep, his bladder was much fuller than he could recall it EVER getting. His pajamas were loose, but still felt like they were strangling his middle. He tried and tried to wait for his alarm to go off, hopeful that he could be first in line for the restroom at the end of the hall, but before he knew it, he was flooding his pants and no amount of clenching helped him regain control. His pants and sheets were completely drenched within seconds, and he just had to lay there, fearful of what was going to happen when his dorm-mates woke up and found him soaked.

The teasing the next morning was worse than Duncan could have imagined, and it all made him so frustrated that he’d shouted at everyone. One of the dorm supervisors heard, of course, and came to see what was happening. Fighting back tears and still damp with urine, Duncan exclaimed “It isn’t MY fault that I can’t go to the toilet after eight in the evening!”

So, the supervisor had re-explained the rule to him; He WAS allowed to leave his room and relieve himself whenever he needed to. He just wasn’t allowed to leave the building during the night. Duncan’s dorm-mates laughed at him even more after that— They’d thought it was hilarious enough that he’d just peed the bed, but once they knew he’d had an accident because of a silly misunderstanding, they thought it was twice as funny.

Duncan had felt like such an idiot…

Now, here he was trying to do the same thing all over again. Trying to restrain his bladder until morning came when he knew how unlikely he was to actually do it. Except, this time, when the inevitable happened, he’d probably drench River too. Truth be told, he and River had accidentally gotten pee on one another during the night lots of times before. They both had so many nightmares, and sometimes their bladders would empty in response. Some mornings, they each woke up so wet that they couldn’t tell which of them had had the accident, or if BOTH of them had done it.

When Duncan peed in his sleep and got River wet, River was never angry. The same was true if River leaked some on Duncan. They both knew it was uncontrollable. They’d just change and try to forget that it had happened.

If Duncan had an accident now while he was awake and fully cognizant of what was happening, it wouldn’t be the same. River may easily believe Duncan had just had a bad dream again, but Duncan would still know the truth, and it would weigh on him like a lead ball chained to his ankle.

Duncan had to keep it in, he had to do whatever it took to keep it in. He squirmed, rubbing his knees against one another with a whimpering moan.

River stirred, and for a second Duncan thought he may have woken him up. He’d feel bad, but also relieved that he could ask River to take him to the bathroom. A moment passed, and River’s arms groped forwards, wrapping around Duncan and tugging him closer to his body.

He was still asleep…

Normally, Duncan would be happy for the cuddling, but now he had far less room to move when his body was begging him to squirm in all directions. He could still keep his hands on his cock, could still pinch himself shut, but he couldn’t kick his legs about or flail his feet around. His bladder seared, feeling more full by the second.

He also could no longer just give up and FORCE himself to hurry through the spooky, dark cabin until he got to the toilet. River had him stuck in bed now.

‘Just hold it…’ Duncan thought. ‘You can wait.’ His bladder throbbed mercilessly. It couldn’t wait.

There were a few things Duncan could do when he was desperate for relief and had no way of obtaining it. Apart from the squirming and clutching, there was one other thing that sometimes helped him out. He didn’t do it every time he had to pee— There were a lot of situations where he just COULDN’T do it— But, when he COULD do it, it always took a TON of the edge off.

He’d discovered it when he was in tenth grade. He’d been the last one to leave the boarding school’s library one night, and he’d gotten into the elevator to head back down, bouncing on his toes and cursing the sound of the heavy rainstorm outside.

Duncan had been in a big hurry for two reasons; One, he only had about thirty minutes before he’d miss curfew and get into trouble. Two, he was absolutely bursting for a piss and the men’s room at the library had been out of order.

He’d considered using the women’s— No one was around to see him do it, after all— But, he’d decided against it, certain he could make it to his dorm before he exploded. He’d regretted his choice immensely when the elevator got stuck.

He hit the emergency button over and over again, because he was having one of the most serious emergencies of his life, but there wasn’t any response. It was then that he realized the lights had gone out on all of the buttons, and that the elevator had stopped because the power was out.

He was going to have to hold it until it came back on. Duncan had tried everything, squirming, hopping, twisting in all directions and squeezing himself as tight as he could, grateful that he was totally alone in the dark. He’d begun to fantasize about just unzipping and pissing a flood into one corner of the room, but grew scared his parents would be called upon to replace the carpet.

He and his parents ALREADY didn’t get along that well, and the thought of how mad they were sure to be if he damaged school property with his piss made him all the more determined to hold it.

But, he COULDN’T hold it! It was almost coming out of him! He was going to have an accident before long! He hadn’t gone since that morning, he was gonna explode, he couldn’t—

Remembering his one other pee of the day, taken almost immediately after he’d woken up, he recalled he’d had a little trouble getting his stream started at first. That wasn’t uncommon for him early in the morning, since he tended to wake up with…

Well. He shared his dorm room with three other guys… And there were certain very important things Duncan HAD to do and NEEDED privacy for. When school was in session he had trouble attending to… to certain needs as often as he’d like. And… Yeah, maybe he’d get kind of ‘pent up…’

He had wet dreams. A lot. They humiliated him whenever one of his dorm-mates noticed. He swore he got random ‘What? Why?! I wasn’t even thinking about anything!’ boners more often than anyone else must have gotten them. And, pretty much every day, he’d have morning wood.

And, he couldn’t piss until it had gone down.

He couldn’t piss if he was… Duncan had felt disgusted with himself for even considering it, but he thought maybe it would help him hold it if he…

He didn’t have to work that hard to talk himself into trying it. He’d just… Started doing it. Right there in the darkened elevator, over his clothes, and it… It DID make it easier to hold on.

A couple years later, he was stuck in traffic and dying to go. He was alone in his car, and the windows were tinted so no one could see in. Again, he’d fondled himself overtop of his pants until his dick was too hard to let anything out. It had worked.

It could work NOW, too. River was sleeping, Duncan was basically alone… His bladder was sending him some VERY angry signals that if he didn’t do SOMETHING, he was going to explode.

Duncan’s hands went from squeezing his tip to rubbing at his dick. After a few seconds, he tucked one hand down below his waist-band to stroke himself properly. This wasn’t like the time in the elevator— At that point in Duncan’s life, a sharp enough gust of wind outside was enough to get him hard. It took longer for his cock to respond, not helping was how terribly his bladder was hurting. It kept throbbing so powerfully and painfully that it cancelled out all the good feelings of his hand working his length.

He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to come up with a fantasy. Naturally, the first thing his body WANTED him to fantasize about was simply running to the toilet, sitting down and having a long, satisfying piss. But, imagining THAT was not going to help. He needed something else.

He’d… Touched River’s dick today. For the first time. He was still surprised by how warm it had felt in his hands, by the contrast between the smooth skin and the rougher areas of scar tissue. It wasn’t exactly what he’d expected it to feel like, and he was so curious about how River’s dick would react to different touches…

There was a part of him that was wary of his curiosity. He’d been with other men before, and hadn’t ever thought about their dicks in this kind of detail. He’d never felt the urge to compare any of their dicks to his own to the same degree he did with River’s. Was he only more fascinated because he had feelings for River that he hadn’t had for anyone else, or was his fascination just voyeuristic, or fetishism? Was he disrespecting River in his mind any time he started wondering about things relating to his body, or was it just completely normal to be having those thoughts about someone he was so attracted to?

Duncan sighed, he was trying to get his dick hard as diamond, this wasn’t the time to be stressing out about that stuff, was it? River had never gotten upset by any of the questions he’d asked before, so he must not have ever said anything bad, right? Or, at least, if he had, River knew it was an accident?

Oooh, accident… Duncan’s bladder cramped up, a drip of urine pooling warmly on his tip and rolling across his skin. He was gonna have an accident… He tried picturing River from earlier, moaning away as Duncan held his dick… Except, instead of moaning because he was relieving himself, he was moaning because Duncan was pumping his cock expertly, making him feel better than he ever had before in his life.

Duncan kept up the strokes against his length, moving faster and faster, wriggling his hips urgently. Heat was building inside him, and he couldn’t tell if it was arousal or his piss trying to force its way downwards. He felt himself getting stiffer, his cock beginning to lift and stand, some of his need to piss fading the more excited the rest of him got.

The tricky thing about doing this was that Duncan couldn’t actually allow himself to get off. He’d made that mistake the first time in the elevator, he’d just gone so long without cumming that within minutes he’d done it in his pants and then nearly wet himself once he’d finished. If he came, it would take all the strength in the world not to pee right after. Duncan didn’t have that kind of strength tonight.

He had to pleasure himself enough to maintain his erection, but not so much that he orgasmed. The more he thought about jerking off River, the closer and closer he felt to cumming. He kept feeling it building up, tightening inside him, his dick begging for more caresses, and he’d fight to restrain himself and slow back down. He was beginning to pant and gasp, twitching with two different kinds of very urgent need— Neither of which he was allowed to grant himself.

The fullness of his bladder, for whatever reason, now seemed to be heightening the intensity of his ecstasy. Something about all that pressure weighing down on his most sensitive area, all while he stroked and stroked away at it, was creating an absolutely exquisite sensation that had pre-cum leaking out and coating his hand. “Mmmf… Nnnh…” he mewled into the quiet night. He was beginning to picture River on top of him and inside of him, rubbing his cock as he moved faster and faster. “River… Ah…”

He was getting bleary now, and he perhaps felt a little silly jerking off while fantasizing about the man literally laying right next to him, holding him, but that only made him even more excited. River WAS touching him now, just not—

Wait.

Was this okay to be doing? River was asleep right now, if he didn’t want Duncan masturbating next to him, he couldn’t tell him, he wasn’t aware of it… This was… This was wrong, wasn’t it? Duncan made himself slow back down, his urgency to pee already spiking as soon as he’d stopped playing with his dick.   It… It wasn’t like he was touching River or doing anything TO River, but he was still… This was probably something he should ask permission to do? ‘Hey, River, if I’m ever in bed and about to piss my pants, and you’re asleep next to me, do you mind if I edge myself so I can hold it easier?’

Guh, what kind of a question was that!?

His dick was twitching now, still hard but starting to go softer with the lack of stimulation, and he was needing the toilet worse and worse with each second. “Nnnh…” he gripped his cock again, squeezing and whimpering, and— And, oh GOD he needed to—

River stirred beside him, groggily sitting up, there was a rustling as he fanned his legs, and then a pained sounding moan.

“River—“

“Duncan, you’re awake?” River asked.

“Ye—“

“Oh, thank God, I have to go piss SO bad, can you please come with me?”

“H—Huh?”

River whispered, even though they were alone. “It freaks me out to leave our room at night. I want you with me. I—If you’re too sleepy, I’ll try and—“

“N—No!” Duncan said, perhaps a little too loudly. “I’ll go! I— River, I’ve been needing the restroom too, just didn’t want to wake you up about it.”

“Y—You could ha—“ River broke off, bending over on himself, before frantically scrambling from bed.

Duncan followed him, hopping up and down as soon as he was on the floor. The cold wood on his bare feet was intensifying his need to such a degree that he couldn’t pull himself upright all of the way.

Anxiously, they both left their room and fumbled down the hallway.

 Duncan always let River go first, because he knew River had a smaller bladder than he did, but after hours of such intense discomfort, he was already nearly going as soon as he saw the door to the toilet. “River, I’m— I’m sorry, I think I need to use it first…”

River winced, gripping the crotch of his pajama pants tightly. “Duncan, I’ve already… My bladder is REAL sore from earlier, and—“ He stopped. Duncan looked like he was going to collapse into a puddle if he didn’t relieve himself within the next minute. “Ah, can we go together?”

“H—Huh?”

“I can’t wait, you can’t wait. Let’s just—“

“I—“ Duncan struggled, wanting to explain that he didn’t feel safe having his back to the door while he peed, and that he didn’t know if they could share the toilet if he was sitting down. He could stand just this one time, except it would be extra frightening to be facing away from the door at night… “I— I sorta… Almost always sit to—“

River shrugged. The first few times he’d peed standing up, he’d sort of… Missed a little. It had taken practice for him to get good at it. Hugo had encouraged him to keep trying, and eventually he no longer had trouble. Maybe Duncan had just never gotten good at it. “If your aim’s THAT bad, we’ll just—“

“No— It’s— I wanna be able to see the door!”

“Oh…” River said. He could understand that. He didn’t like facing away from the door THAT much either, but… God dammit, he and Hugo had spent a TON of money and he’d given up part of his arm so that he could stand to piss, so of course he was going to do it! “Er… Spread your legs apart, and I’ll try to… Ugh, I dunno, Duncan. I can’t hold it anymore, I just gotta piss.”

They could TRY that… “O—Okay,” Duncan said, hurrying in and yanking his pants down.

River followed, unbuttoning his pajamas and pulling himself free. A little drop of pee was visible on his tip, so Duncan KNEW that they either had to go together or pick which one of them would pee on the floor. Once his pants were down around his ankles, Duncan threw himself onto the seat and unclenched his aching muscles, a powerful jet of pee spraying out into the bowl below him.

“Ahhhh….” Duncan smiled, shutting his eyes in bliss. His bloated abdomen was shrinking away, and his lower stomach felt almost like it was being treated to a wonderful massage. All the tension finally fading away into nothingne—

“L—Legs!” River gasped out.

Duncan blinked his eyes open, confused, then realized that his legs were drawn together and River had no way of using the toilet himself. He quickly spread them apart, giving River a view of his cock pointing into the bowl, and the heavy stream spraying out of it.

River aimed as carefully as he could, kneeling down a bit so that he’d have less room for error, he was dribbling the entire time he was getting himself situated, and pissing full-force as soon as he was in the right spot. “Hahhh….”

Duncan’s eyes widened, River wasn’t peeing on his thighs like he’d been a little worried about, but his stream would occasionally make contact with the tip of his dick. It didn’t feel… Bad. His cock was super raw and sensitive from not just his desperation, but the edging session from earlier as well. Anything touching it was going to feel good, even bits of River’s piss…

It was especially going to feel good when he was still enjoying the euphoria of his relief. His cock twitched, starting to react to how amazing it felt to finally go. His release dwindled from being a steady, rushing stream to coming out in big spurts that he had to push down harder on to get out. He’d gotten WAY too full.

Duncan was finally drained, but he had to keep sitting there a while longer since River still wasn’t done. Duncan didn’t mind having to wait. He sort of NEEDED to stay sitting while he tried to catch his breath and become reacclimatized to how it felt NOT to be overflowing with urine.

River’s stream slowed to a stop and he stayed as he was for a second, now feeling very awkward. They’d just done something REALLY weird, and now River had to…. “Er, I have to… Shake, you know? And I don’t want it to fly on you.”

Duncan reached down and shook his own dick before silently standing and scooting past River. River shook the last drops off of his tip and put his dick back in his pants.

River went to wash his hands next and then groaned.

“Hm?”

“One of us should have just used the sink,” River said. “That would have been LESS strange, right?”

Duncan doubted if he could make himself pee in a sink. He usually couldn’t even get it to work when he was in the shower! “It’s okay,” Duncan said. “At least we both made it, right?”

“Yeah,” River said. “I really didn’t think I was going to.”

“Me neither,” Duncan admitted. “Let’s go back to bed now… And maybe not drink so much before we go to sleep tomorrow.”

