Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*015*2022-12-11 19:29

River was so god damned mad at himself, and he swore that the fury scorching his veins was making the gallon of piss trapped inside his tank come to a simmer. If he wet his pants— which seemed quite likely now— he wouldn’t be surprised if steam billowed out all around him.

He was angry at the door near his feet, he was angry at the stupid, old, worn-out, dry springs that refused to budge. He was angry that there wasn’t any oil up here that could fix the springs.

He was angry at his bladder for being so fucking tiny. He was angry at himself for coming up into the cabin’s attic in the first place, but especially for doing it without using the restroom first. He was angry that, after he’d gotten up here, he’d decided to shut the door behind him.

He was just so fucking angry!

River had been trying to do something nice for Hugo! Hugo had gone out to deliver some stuff, and there was furniture in the work-room that still hadn’t been painted. River had intended to surprise him by painting it all FOR him while he was gone— River had intended to show Hugo he was still… Still WORTH something even if everything scared him now!

So, he’d gone up to the attic to get the paints— Something that he, Hugo and Duncan had ALL done lots of times before, but THIS time the door wouldn’t come back open, and now he was trapped with a VERY full bladder. He couldn’t even yell for help because Hugo still wasn’t back home, and Duncan…

Duncan was stuck up here WITH him.

This was both a blessing and a curse. River knew he’d probably be freaking the Hell out if he was TRAPPED somewhere by himself, so he was glad to have somebody beside him. But, Duncan was ALSO the reason that River hadn’t yet made THOROUGH use of one of the empty paint containers piled in the corner yet.

Because, Duncan ALSO had to go extremely badly, and for some reason he was really, REALLY against relieving himself up here. Unwilling to subject Duncan to the sight and sound of him gushing out his torrent, River resolved to hold it in as well. His bladder did not approve of his decision in the slightest, and made its own thoughts known very clearly with a never-ending series of sharp, pounding throbs that by now had left River kneeling down on the floor, rocking hard against his foot.

If it wasn’t for what happened last night, River may have had fewer qualms about draining himself into the container while Duncan continued waiting. He may have been better able to write it off as simply ‘Well, that’s Duncan’s own decision, isn’t it?’ But, the events of last night HAD transpired, River HAD accidentally forced Duncan to endure the sight of him flooding the toilet as his own bladder screamed. River HAD accidentally made Duncan release his waters into the bathtub which— For whatever reason— had made him very uncomfortable and ashamed.

If River peed, he would upset Duncan one way or another. Either Duncan would have to fight not to let the sound of River’s relief squeeze his bladder too severely, or he’d have to give in and use a container himself. Both would be unpleasant for him, so River would wait.

Holy shit was it hard to wait, though…

Duncan had not told River to hold it out of solidarity with him. In fact, he’d told River the exact opposite a few times now. “YOU can still go, if you have to,” he kept saying. “I’m just not comfortable doing it up here, but I don’t mind if YOU do.”

Still, River had insisted that he wouldn’t make Duncan watch and listen to that. “You’re having a rough enough time already, I don’t want to make it worse.”

Duncan couldn’t honestly argue with that, either. He WAS having a really rough time. Like River, he hadn’t peed before coming up here— Thinking it would have been a two minute trip at the most— But, unlike River, he’d also drank three bottles of water today and had ALREADY been feeling the after-affects of those as he’d climbed the ladder to the attic. Even if his bladder was larger than River’s was, he had a feeling it was just as full.

In the half hour since they’d discovered they were stuck, Duncan had alternated between pacing around in circles and bending double at the waist as he hopped up and down. With as much jiggling and moving as he and River were doing, they probably wouldn’t NEED to yell for help when they heard Hugo get home, he’d be able to hear them squirming just fine.

Duncan’s need was so acute that he felt it blazing all the way up to the tip of his cock. That feeling resulted in drip after drip of hot piss seeping into his boxers. As soon as one had dribbled out, another would bead up to take its place. It was like he was having the world’s slowest accident. He kept squeezing his dick, mashing the flat of his palm hard against his opening, but pee still kept breaking free.

The thing was, he actually WANTED to use a container. The thought of unzipping and letting it out somewhere— ANYWHERE— was enough to make Duncan’s eyes burn with tears of longing. But, every time he nearly made himself say “I can’t take it anymore, let’s just go!” Something would pull him back. As he’d experienced during both of his and River’s recent outings, Duncan’s throat constricted, his jaw went tight, and his body just refused to let him speak.

He knew it wasn’t fear this time, because River was one of the few things in his world that DIDN’T scare him now. Instead, Duncan’s reluctance to talk came from shame; One of the most pure, most visceral senses of shame he’d ever felt.

River, meanwhile, was trying to distract himself from the pounding pressure overwhelming his senses. With nothing up here apart from empty or full containers of paint, and Duncan clearly not in the mood to talk, River had some trouble doing that. He replayed scenes from his favorite mangas in his imagination, but this only lasted so long. Eventually, he was making a mental list of all the times he’d seen a manga character pee, or mention needing to pee, or just go into a bathroom for any reason. When he started to recall one he’d read with a very detailed illustration of the main character emptying his bladder, River gave up and tried to think of something else— Something that he couldn’t even KIND OF relate to urination.

River had trouble letting his mind wander just in general, though. The longer he was alone with his thoughts, the more likely he’d start replaying memories of events whose only redeeming factor was that they were over. He’d remember the Organization, or he’d remember being homeless, or his parents, and then he’d be left feeling sad, scared and… Also this weird pressure inside his chest and stomach, like he was being crushed by an anvil, and couldn’t tell if he was about to suffocate or throw up.

Of course, his mind DID eventually turn to these sorts of memories, because it ALWAYS did eventually. And, given his present circumstances, it was only inevitable that he’d start remembering things about peeing. Pleading for his Mom to stop the car somewhere because his bladder couldn’t last another second, the humiliation when she told him no, when she ordered him to hold it, when she said that begging made him seem like a toddler. Struggling not to pee in his seat at school because he was taking a test and wasn’t allowed to leave the room until he was done. Desperately searching for somewhere private and safe to empty out in the middle of the night when he was homeless.

Then, he remembered the time with Organization. During one of his days there, he had been sent into a room that contained nothing but a single table. The table had been empty, apart from the revolver resting in its center. His task was simple, he needed to put the gun to his head and pull the trigger, then he was to point it at the ceiling and pull it again. Half of the chambers contained bullets, and the other half was empty. It was a sick, single-player round of Russian Roulette, he had a fifty-fifty chance of ending his own life.

Over the course of a very tense few minutes, River had fired several bullets into the ceiling and none into himself. He’d gotten lucky. But, the final time he needed to rest the barrel of the revolver against his temple, just as his finger started to squeeze down, something else squeezed as well. He suddenly needed to piss worse than he’d ever needed it before in his life. He only had a fraction of a second to acknowledge that before his floodgates slammed wide open and a torrent of liquid gushed out into his pants.   He pulled the trigger. The chamber had been empty. He shot the final bullet into the ceiling and stood there in a terrified daze, his pee still hissing out of him and spreading out into a huge puddle around his feet.

Now, recalling this, River shook, and the hands wrapped around his dick squeezed down harder. “Mmmmfff….”

“Y—You okay?” Duncan asked, voice trembling as much as his tense thighs were.

“Just… I started thinking about when I peed my pants… there…”

“Th—That was okay,” Duncan said. “Most people would have wet themselves if that had happened to them… If— If it’s making you think about bad stuff, you should probably just go now.”

“N—No,” River said. “That would be unfair, and I’m sure Hugo will be home soon to help us out.” He curled up on himself more, now in a tight, little ball. Both his hands and one of his feet were pressing firmly into his groin, his breath was choppy and shuddering.

“You don’t have to do thi—“

“I’m fine,” River said. “I— I’ve been m—more desperate before…”

Duncan watched River twitch and squirm on the floor. He was beginning to feel really awful. This was happening because HE wouldn’t urinate into an empty container, because HE was unable to banish away his shame and do it. If he just said “Okay, I’ll go too,” and then did it, River wouldn’t be in so much pain. He wanted to help River, he wanted to get over his embarrassment and make River feel better. Beyond that, Duncan also wanted to pee. Really, really badly.

He tried to say “Actually, I think I’ll be okay peeing here after all!” But, then he felt a shooting stab of need tear down his length, which was punctuated by a burst of liquid squirting into his boxers, and suddenly the hands clutching his dick started to move against it instead, and— Ah— Fuck— He wasn’t even alone here! He told his hands to go still, to stop caressing. Yes, getting hard would make this easier to hold in, but River was HERE, so he couldn’t—

Ultimately, what finally came out of Duncan’s mouth was “Y—You know something that helps me?”

Fucking Hell, what was he doing!? The only reason he wasn’t flooding a container right now was because he felt too ashamed to do it, telling River about THIS ‘habit’ was probably even worse!

“H—Huh?” River asked, blearily looking up at him. Sweat was rolling down his face in sheets, blurring his vision. He couldn’t move either of his hands to wipe his eyes, though.

Well, now Duncan was stuck. “Uh… If I… If I touch myself…” he said. “If I… kinda jerk off, when I need to pee, then I can hold it longer, since— I— You know— If I’m hard, I can’t pee.”

River reddened. “Er… You… Asking me permission…?” He guessed. “Go ahead, I guess… If that’s what works for you.”

Duncan hadn’t been asking River for permission. Really, he wasn’t sure WHAT he’d been asking, but if River didn’t mind, then he was going to do it. He allowed his hands to resume their work, gently roaming over his crotch. He stuck one inside his pants to stroke himself properly. The instant he made contact, the instant his dick started to twitch and come alive, Duncan finally started to think about something OTHER than peeing.

This was… Sort of… REALLY hot… Playing with himself with River right there, able to watch him do it. Knowing River’s eyes were on him as he fondled his cock made Duncan’s erection grow to full-mast in record time. He started to mewl and whimper needfully, unzipping his now way too tight pants to better pleasure himself. “Ooof…. Mmmm…” All too quickly, Duncan felt the tingling pressure of a rapidly approaching orgasm and needed to force himself to slow it back down. If he came, he’d piss himself, he knew that for a fact.

River was watching him, and the sight of it was making HIM think about peeing a little less, too. Duncan’s eyes were drawn closed, his body sweaty as his hands pumped away. Those little huffing moans were making River’s body all flushed and heated. He suddenly had a weird feeling, one that he absolutely didn’t recognize. He didn’t think he’d ever encountered it before, and he really, really wanted to… to… do… something. He just wasn’t sure what. He just knew he wanted to do it REAL bad, and he wanted to do it RIGHT now.

And he didn’t think that thing was ‘go pee’, either.

But, that was why Duncan was doing that to himself, right? Just to help keep his pee in? Not to make River feel… This? “D—Does that really help you hold it?”

“Yeah…” Duncan breathed. “Just gotta be careful not to cum, which isn’t easy…”

River wouldn’t know. He’d never cum before in his life. He had no idea what it was like, if there was any warning beforehand, if there was a way to stop it from happening. He honestly just didn’t think he COULD have an orgasm. When he’d had his phalloplasty, all the doctors had said he’d ‘maintain his ability to climax’ afterwards, but seeing as he’d never seemed to HAVE that ability to start with, he hadn’t thought much about it

“You should try it,” Duncan said suddenly. That would be the only thing that would make this hotter for him, if River started jacking off right here in front of him, bringing himself right to that edge the same way he was. “Once you’re hard, you probably won’t be able to pee, it will help.”

River shook his head, blushing. If he fondled and stroked himself like Duncan was, he wouldn’t get an erection no matter how long he kept it up. There was more to it for him than just that. He COULD get hard, he could do it right here, and maybe it would even make his bladder easier to hold, but there was… Just, this whole different process to it for him, and he didn’t know if he wanted Duncan to see, he was scared it would freak him out, he was scared it would look too weird to him.

Duncan tried not to look disappointed. If River wasn’t ready to do that in front of him, that was okay. He really would have enjoyed watching, though. “Ah, alright,” he said, continuing to stroke. He kept it up for a while longer, but then the unbearable need to pee came back in all its horrible glory, and his bladder started to hurt a little too much for his dick to stay hard. He went back to simply squeezing it, attempting to prevent his flood by just closing off its exit pathway.

River noticed and was… Kind of sad that the show was apparently over. “Did it stop working?”

“I— I need to go too badly now,” Duncan admitted. “Not easy for me to stay hard when something’s hurting.”

“It’s hurting?” River asked, forcing himself to look up more to stare at Duncan’s face. His taut skin pulled harshly around his aching midsection, and he felt a leak of his urine seeping out of him. He was sure it wasn’t his first spill, just the first one he’d noticed.

Duncan shifted his hips and wrapped his legs together, winding them in a firm knot. “Yeah…”

River frowned. The throbs in his own bladder had been bordering on agonizing for quite some time now. But, he was used to being in pain. He didn’t want Duncan to suffer, though. “You really should go, then… Just— Just use a container. We can both go, it will be—“

“I… I just… I don’t like peeing in—“

“I know,” River said. “You always want an actual bathroom, or at least a bush, I guess… Y—You were okay using the bottle when you were staying in bed, though…”

Duncan nodded. He HAD been perfectly okay with that. For some reason, the shame hadn’t even registered. Then again, all he’d been able to feel during those awful days was his fear. There was no room in him for abashment. When he’d flooded that bottle again and again, he hadn’t even ONCE remembered the—

“Ah—“ Duncan doubled over, mashing his hands into his groin even harder, but failing to impede the hissing gush from snaking down his inner thigh. “I— I shouldn’t pee in— I need to— I have to wait until—“

“I—It’s okay!” River admonished him. “You were telling ME all this time to just go. You know that I’ll pee with you up here, so you don’t need to feel all—“

“It’s not— It’s—“ Duncan stammered. “I just— What if Hugo—“

“Gets mad because you pissed in something he was going to throw out…?” River asked.

“Nnnh,” Duncan whined, folding even further in half. “I just can’t, River! I need to keep it in— YOU can go, but I—“

“Are you… Shy?” River guessed. This didn’t make much sense, because Duncan had gone in front of him before. “We can go in separate corners, so I don’t see…”

“That’s not it!” Duncan said. “I— I— You— I’ve told you about how I used to go to that s—super fancy boarding school, r—right?”

“Yeah,” River said. He adjusted his hold on his crotch, now pinching his tip shut more aggressively than he’d been a moment ago. He hoped that once Duncan had said whatever he needed to say, he’d agree to pee in the container. He also hoped this story wasn’t too long, for the sake of his own ailing bladder.

“Well… There was this one day where I… I don’t know, River, I needed to pee SO bad, I was starting to have an accident, and the line for the toilet was super, super long… And I just… I was wetting my pants, it was already coming out, I had to— I just needed somewhere. I tried to get to another bathroom, but the next one had an even bigger line, and I couldn’t make it to another, I— I had never needed to go that badly before, it was an emergency. I— I ran into a supply closet, because I thought there had to be something in there I could use. There was something, and the light was off so I couldn’t really tell what it was, I just knew I could… I knew I could go in it, so I did. But, before I was done, the door opened and one of my teachers was there, and now that there was light I realized I was… I was peeing in this really old, expensive vase that was, like, super important to the school’s history, or something. I—“

“The paint buckets aren’t important to anybody,” River said, bucking urgently into the pressure of his palms. “Hugo’s gonna throw ‘em out.”

“I know but… Everyone at the school was so mad at me,” Duncan said. “I kept saying that I just wasn’t paying attention, I was having an accident and just went in the first place I thought I could. But, they thought I’d done it as a prank, and the headmaster yelled at me for over an hour, and made me call my parents so they could yell at me too, and I had to write this whole apology essay and read it to everyone in my class, and—“

“But, again,” River said. “The paint buckets aren’t important, and no one will care if you pee in one.”

“It’s not—“ Duncan’s hands momentarily clutched his member a little tighter as he started to stomp his feet urgently. “Every time I go somewhere… That I shouldn’t… I just— I remember that, and I get all embarrassed.”

“You don’t have to be embarrassed this time,” River said. “It’s just us. You have to pee. MY kidneys are floating. Let’s just go, alright? Both of us. It will be fine.”

“O—Okay…” Duncan said. “You… You first? Is that alright?”

 “Duncan, I am basically exploding. Of course that’s alright,” River gave a tiny laugh, but immediately his eyes widened. The two could hear a small, high-pitched hiss and they both knew who it had come from. “I— Ah— I don’t think I can get up, so can you go grab a container for me? Like, really, REALLY fast?”

Duncan did so, retrieving one from the corner and setting it in front of River. By the time he’d gotten back with it, River was already unzipped, his cock out, hand squeezing it closed. Nevertheless, a pale yellow drip was hanging off of it. As soon as the container was placed before him, River leaned forwards and let his dick dangle over it. Immediately, the rattle of liquid flooding against metal was heard, and River released a low, slow moan. “Ohhhhh… Yeahhhhh…”

The gush of River’s faucet was too much for Duncan, and he began to hurriedly pull his dick out of his still unzipped pants. “Sc—Scooch over a little…” He grunted out, kneeling beside his boyfriend.

River did, and then a second stream was crashing into the large bucket. Duncan hoped it would prove to be big enough to hold both of them. “Ahhhhh…” he sighed happily. He actually DIDN’T feel that same weight of painful embarrassment this time. All he felt was relief, all he felt was warmth. He thought it helped a lot that River was doing this too, it helped a lot that River had told him this was okay.

They continued to pee, both of them panting and moaning, trying to regain their breath now that all of their energy didn’t have to go towards holding it in. As ever, River’s release was the first to end, and he leaned back to give Duncan more room as he finished up, which he did about half a minute later.

Now that both of them had been wrung dry, the once empty paint-bucket was filled beyond its half-way point with at least a liter of urine. Duncan leaned back as well, another massive sigh falling from his lips as he fumbled himself back into his pants and zipped them up.

The noise reminded River that his own zipper was still down and, blushing, he moved to correct that. “Feel better now?” River asked.

“Yeah…” Duncan said.

“Not too embarrassed about needing to do that?”

“No,” Duncan assured. “I’m okay now, since you did it too. Thank you.”

“Hey, you don’t need to thank me,” River said. “Trust me, it was my pleasure.”

When Hugo got home and was able to help them back out of the attic, Duncan was worried again that he’d be in trouble for what he’d done to the container. But, just as River had promised, Hugo didn’t mind.

