Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*012*2022-12-09 21:46

“I… Earlier…” River said, as he and Duncan lay in bed that night. “I… Did not mean to make you…”

“It’s fine,” Duncan said. “I didn’t mean to GET… like that. But, I mean, your hand was RIGHT on me, I was already pretty sensitive, and you’re crazy hot, so it was sorta just bound to happen…” He trailed off, remembering now that River HADN’T gotten hard when Duncan had aimed for him…

Why didn’t River’s body react to Duncan the same way Duncan’s reacted to him?

Maybe the whole piss factor part of it had just been a big turn-off for River, though. Duncan didn’t think he had a pee kink either, but it would take a LOT more than that to prevent him from getting hard when a good-looking guy was touching his cock.

“I didn’t make you uncomfortable with that, did I?” Duncan asked.

River shook his head. “No, it’s not like you had control over it. I’m just glad you finished going first. It’s supposed to be tricky to piss if you’re hard, right?”

Duncan nodded, wondering if River had somehow managed to never wake up with morning wood and a full bladder… Duncan wasn’t sure how long ago River had had his operation, maybe it just hadn’t happened yet? “Yeah, it isn’t easy. And if you DO manage to go that way, and you’re standing up, you’ll probably make a mess.” Now, Duncan felt a little like he was giving River a warning that he’d need to abide in the future at some point. Passing down some wisdom to him.

“Oh,” River said. “I guess that makes sense…” He kissed Duncan on the cheek. “Goodnight,” he said. “Hope you sleep well.”

 Duncan kissed him back. “I love you, babe.”

***

The next morning, River woke with a damp crotch. But, his bladder was so brutally, painfully full that he doubted HE was the one who’d had the accident. River only got up feeling this urgently desperate if he didn’t empty himself out even ONCE during the night.

He uncurled himself from Duncan, seeing that his partner’s pants were just as soaked as his own were. River contemplated staying in bed until Duncan woke up, and insisting that HE’D been the one— the ONLY one— to wet the bed. Duncan had soaked him enough to make it pretty difficult to tell for sure.

River’s bladder protested AGAINST that idea, however. Maybe if he relieved himself quickly enough, he could get BACK in bed before Duncan got up and still manage to pull off his plan, but he couldn’t simply LAY here and wait without risking a real accident.

So, River got up, and realized he was now going to have to walk through the hall in pee-stained pants to get to the toilet. Maybe Hugo had already left for the day, though… And, if not, River could just hide the wet spot on his way to the restroom— His hands kept inching towards his crotch on their own anyways!

He allowed them to make contact, allowed them to squeeze his opening closed. This was another thing that had begun to feel vastly different after his surgery. River found himself needing to cork his bladder up by-hand more often than he cared to admit, so he had plenty of opportunities to make some comparisons. Before, he usually pressed his hands one on top of the other, digging into the same spot. Now, what tended to work best was to put one hand against his tip where the urine came out, and wrap the other around his shaft for more support. It was sort of interesting to him how a little thing like that had changed.

His hands digging into himself and inadvertently shielding his damp spot from view, River left the bedroom. He was surprised he hadn’t woken up to go sooner— He was surprised he hadn’t ALSO peed the bed like Duncan had! River needed a pee so bad that walking a few brief paces down the hall was sending shooting pangs through his body. If his legs didn’t stay close enough together, he felt scorching trembles threatening to burst him apart.

He got to the door, exhaling with relief. It was nearly over now.

“River…?” Hugo said, coming down the hall from his room. “Good morning, are you…” He paused, looking closer at River’s hands and pajama pants. “Oh no, did you have another bad dream?”

River shrugged. He was fine with telling Duncan the mess was all his fault, but telling Hugo was more embarrassing. Hugo didn’t have nightmares like River did. Hugo never peed the bed at all. He shifted between his feet from more than just his urgency. “Y—Yeah…” he said.

“Do you want to talk about it?”

River shook his head. Not only did he NOT have time to talk right now, he also hadn’t actually HAD a bad dream last night, so there was nothing to discuss. “M—Maybe later,” he said, the hands around his dick pressing down further.

Hugo watched. “Don’t be ashamed of this” he said. “Go change, I’ll get everything washed that needs to be.”

“Er…” River trailed off. He knew what he wanted to say. He wanted to say “In a minute, I need the toilet first.” It had suddenly become hard to say it for some reason.

“I know, I know,” Hugo said. “It’s embarrassing, but it’s bad for your skin, and you’ll feel better once you’re changed out of that. Then we can pretend it never happened.”

“Uh…” River still couldn’t do it!

“And, don’t forget the sheets,” Hugo added. “I’ll clean that up too.”

River sighed and ignored the confused thrashing in his bladder as he backed away from the restroom door. He cursed himself. Any other day, he wouldn’t have trouble just interrupting Hugo and shouting out “I get all that, but I gotta piss before I do ANYTHING else!” He just hadn’t been able to DO it now, not when Hugo was standing there, talking to him about getting cleaned up after an ‘accident’. It didn’t even matter that this accident hadn’t been HIS, the fact he’d let Hugo think it was was enough!

So, he went back to his bedroom, carrying what felt like a rock-hard water balloon in his midsection. He just had to get changed, then he could go… He didn’t even need to worry about the sheets until Duncan was actually awake. Some of the pee had stained his top as well, so he was going to have to get completely changed. Pulling his shirt up over his head forced his abdominal muscles to stretch out a little bit, skin pulling tautly over the surging organ in his core, and once his shirt was off, his hands flew back between his legs. He rocked himself against his grip, his bare shoulders shuddering, spine knotting.

River took a series of heavy breaths, reminding himself the toilet was RIGHT down the hall, and he’d be able to use it a lot FASTER if he finished changing. It struck him then how silly it was to change out of WET clothes that he was fighting so furiously not to get any more piss on, and put on DRY clothes that he might not be able to KEEP dry for long.

Once he felt like he had wrenched back enough of his control, he gingerly released his dick from his hands. Now that nothing blocked his view, he found himself startled by the appearance of his lower abdomen. His bladder FELT like it was stuffed to the gills, hard as a rock, and trying to push its way out of his skin— But it also sort of LOOKED that way.

His middle was bloated, jutting out very slightly between his hip-bones. His pajama pants were tighter around him than usual. The harsh, distended shape scared him a little. He’d only seen his body do that a FEW times in the past.

When he was younger, his Mother had gotten angry with him for dressing up like a male character when his class played dress-up. So, she ordered him to his room. River had thought the punishment would only last five or ten minutes, since that was how it usually went, but she made him stay there for hours. It didn’t take long for River to need to go, and he shouted and begged to be allowed out for just a minute so he could use the bathroom.

Mother told him no every time, told him she wasn’t ready to look at him yet, told him to just “hold it, like a big girl.” River did his best to listen, but he’d just had to go so much, it hurt really bad, and then his midsection was protruding and it freaked him out. A while later, following a lot more begging, he couldn’t wait a second longer. And then he was in trouble for THAT too.

On his first day of middle school, River had gotten lost in the building, which was much larger than the elementary school. He didn’t know where any of his classes were, they were all spread out apart from another, and no one would talk to him and help him out. He kept arriving late and getting in trouble… And then he needed to pee.

He didn’t know where any of the bathrooms were, either, and kept thinking it was MORE important to focus on finding his classrooms in time— He’d go pee at lunch when he had more time to look around. When lunchtime finally arrived, he was so desperate that he could barely stand up, and walking in a straight line was impossible. When the bell rang, he noticed that his belly looked bloated, and that freaked him out. The teacher whose class just ended noticed River’s desperation and asked him if he knew where the toilets were, to which River blurted out that he DIDN’T and that he was going to burst!

The teacher brought him to a restroom and River ran in. But, once he was in a stall, he peed his pants trying to get them down.

Once, during his first night on the streets, he’d been too scared to pull down his pants in an alleyway to relieve himself, and could find nowhere else to do it. None of the stores were still open. The nearest construction site was a long walk from where he was, and he had no idea if the portaloos set up there would be accessible after everyone had gone home. It was either piss in the alley or hold it until morning, and River was so frightened that he decided to hold it until morning.

A couple hours later was when he noticed he was getting swollen. Fifteen minutes after that, he’d wet his pants.

After discovering how much it was going to cost him to clean his clothes at a laundromat, River got over his fear of peeing outside so that he wouldn’t have to get them washed too often.

River knew now that the swelling meant ‘Get to a toilet NOW or you’re going to have an accident!’ The swelling always came JUST before he peed his pants, it was a sign that he was nearing his limit— As if the angry, rippling surges criss-crossing through his lower abdomen hadn’t been enough to clue him in.

‘Fucking idiot…’ River thought as he struggled out of his pajama pants. ‘Why the Hell’d you have to get so shy about this anyway? Why didn’t you tell Hugo you had to—‘ When his pants fell around his ankles, he realized the wetness had made it to his boxers (But, he didn’t want to speculate if it was just from Duncan’s accident, or if HE’D sprung a leak himself). He was gonna have to change those, too.

Yesterday, when he and Duncan had been getting dressed, River hadn’t removed his boxers at any point.

He looked over his shoulder. Duncan still looked asleep… And why was he so worried anyway? Duncan had seen his dick before. Duncan LIKED his dick! River shouldn’t be nervous about taking it out now! And, this was a really bad time to be getting bashful, he couldn’t keep dawdling unless he wanted to make a big puddle on the floor. He tore the boxers down in one quick motion, momentarily stunned by the sudden loss of pressure in his bladder. He hadn’t realized they’d been squeezing it so hard!

Speaking of squeezing, River accidentally let himself relax a little too much, and was startled by the sight of a pale yellow droplet seeping from his tip. It fell, landed on the sodden clothes at his feet, and he squeezed himself tightly to keep from letting loose another. He jumped in place, hitching his hips to and fro, aware of how utterly ridiculous he must have looked. Pee dancing was embarrassing as Hell, pee-dancing while naked was enough to make him want to go invisible.

At least Duncan was asleep and couldn’t see this…

River moved to the wardrobe, and had to fight hard to get even ONE of his hands to unwrap from his cock so that he could pull it open. As soon as he’d dislodged one of them, the other started pressing twice as hard. It was actually causing him some pain to be holding himself so tightly. He was reminded of how, right after his phalloplasty, he’d been scared that if he just moved wrong, he’d somehow break it. The doctors had all told him that wasn’t possible, that now that he’d had the operation, it was there for keeps. Even River had known his anxiety was illogical, but it was hard to help it when he’d spent so long thinking nothing could make his body into a thing he wanted to live in; Of course, he’d thought it too good to be true, and that something would happen to take it away.

The abuse he was giving his dick now was proof that he hadn’t needed to worry. He was basically strangling the poor thing and it was fine. He grabbed some clothes, just sweatpants and a shirt. Those would be really easy to put on. He skipped getting new boxers just so that he could cut down on the number of steps separating him from relief. “Ffff… Gotta go…” He muttered. “I need a damn piss… Why couldn’t I just fucking say that?”

Duncan’s eyes blinked open. He felt cold, clammy wetness between his thighs. Either one, or both of them had peed in bed last night… With fragments of his nightmare still clinging to his memory, Duncan was sure he’d been at least partially responsible. Still bleary with sleep, he turned and saw River wasn’t next to him… He could hear River’s voice though, gruff and frustrated, and he looked up to see River hurriedly trying to tug a pair of sweatpants up his legs, and not having much success because they kept crossing together, and his feet refused to stop dancing. He also kept needing to STOP dressing himself so that he could put his hands around his dick…

His bare dick… River had either forgotten or skipped putting boxers on… Duncan now had a VERY pleasant view of River’s body, bare from the knees up where the pants were pinned between his trembling legs. Everything about River was utterly delectable to Duncan’s eyes. His lithe arms, his bare chest, his smooth butt, his tantalizing dick … Which had little spurts of liquid seeping out of it. And then, there was that swell in his stomach that Duncan hadn’t noticed yesterday.

Duncan had still been so sleepy that it wasn’t until he noticed those LAST two things that he finally put it together; River was bursting. Fully and completely by the looks of it. And, with as desperate as River was, Duncan doubted he’d peed at all during the night, which meant the damp sheets were entirely his OWN doing.

That didn’t bother him, though. Other mornings, it might have. Other mornings, he would have groaned, teared up a little, cursed the organization for making him pee the bed when he hadn’t done that since he was a little kid. But today, Duncan didn’t want River to have an accident as well, so he ignored those feelings and came to his boyfriend’s side. “Do you need help?”

River jumped, and Duncan saw a bit more pee shoot out of him from the fright, saw it splash the wooden floor at his feet. They’d have to wipe that up later… “D—Duncan, you’re awake…” River said.

“Yeah…” Duncan said, smiling. “Silly River, why didn’t you go pee before getting dressed?”

“Ah— H—Hugo saw my pajamas were wet— B—because I peed the bed— so he told me to— And I was embarrassed to say I had to— I— I don’t know, I gotta piss so bad I can barely fucking move.”

Duncan nodded, knowing that he at least had ONE way to help River feel better. “Nah, I think last night it was just ME that had an accident,” he said. “You look like you didn’t go all night.”

River flinched, gasping with urgency at Duncan’s words. “Hahh—!” His bladder didn’t appreciate having to hear aloud how long it had been since River had last let it relax. “M—Maybe…” He grunted, still not wanting Duncan to feel bad. “I— Fuckfuckfuck—“ River gave in and clutched at himself again, bobbing up and down. The pants rolled the rest of the way down his legs. “I can’t fucking believe this, I can’t even—“

“It’s okay…” Duncan knelt down. He felt pretty silly pulling River’s pants up for him, when he knew it was entirely possible he was going to need to help him pull them back DOWN in a couple minutes, but he did it anyway, slowly pulling them up River’s legs, over his dick and the hands still grasping it. Since they were sweat pants, and awfully loose, River hadn’t needed to even move his hands.

Duncan looked at the shirt River had gotten. He WOULD need to move his hands for that… But, he’d skipped boxers, maybe he could skip the shirt, too? “You wanna go to the restroom now, or do you need the shirt?”

River really, REALLY wanted to go to the restroom now. But, without a shirt, Hugo could end up seeing River’s scars… In this case, it wasn’t the scars beneath his nipples, nor the one down his forearm, that River was worried about someone seeing. Hugo had been there with him through the whole process of his surgeries, he KNEW they were there and had seen them, he’d had to help River BATHE as he’d recovered, the scars didn’t PHASE him.

THOSE scars didn’t, anyway.

But, there were a couple other ones, a couple NEW ones, that Hugo might not want to see. Several on his back, caused by acid burns, caused by the Organization. Hugo had never seen those before…

“Y—Yeah, I want the shirt,” River said.

“Okay…” Duncan said. “You’ll have to move your arms…”

“I— I know…” River slowly and shakily released his dick, moved his hands out from beneath his waistband. A lurching, shuddering flare of need bubbled through his bladder, and he bent forwards to reaffirm his grip. “Ahhhnnn….” A little trickle escaped him anyway, darkening the grey material of the sweatpants. “Can’t— Can’t—“

“Um, I’ll help! I’ll help— Um…” Duncan thought for a second. “I’ll hold it while you put the shirt on, if you’re comfortable with—“

River nodded, easing his own hands away again. “DO IT! Hurry!”

Duncan went around to River’s front and pressed his hands against River’s dick, sort of trying to pin it against River’s thigh. “If it’s hurting, tell m—“

“It’s fine, don’t let go…” River encouraged, reaching for the shirt and beginning to pull it on.

Duncan’s face burned as he kept squeezing. It was a little strange to be holding someone else’s crotch… For THIS reason, anyway. He hadn’t ever thought about it— Why WOULD he think about it— but when he held his own dick to forestall the urge to urinate, things like the amount of pressure to use were pretty instinctual. He hoped he was holding on tight enough for River’s bladder… Duncan felt the warmth of River’s earlier leak, but it DID seem to be cooling off rather than getting warmer, so River must not have lost anymore.

Duncan didn’t feel that awkward doing this, either. He’d felt up River’s cock over his clothes lots of times. So far, that was ALL they’d done together, just over the clothes touching. This wasn’t SO different. He just had to keep his hands in the same spot this time, couldn’t move them, wasn’t trying his best to get River erect and wondering what he was doing wrong to prevent that from happening. Of course River wasn’t hard this time, his bladder probably hurt too much for him to get that way.

Once River had his shirt on, he brushed Duncan’s hands away and took over, pinching himself closed as he hobbled for the door. “Gotta piss… Gotta piss… Dear fuck, I gotta piss…” He muttered.

Duncan followed after him. He sort of needed to go as well, and he wasn’t entirely convinced that River wouldn’t need MORE help.

Once more, River reached the restroom door, and no one interrupted him before he could grab the doorknob. He pushed it open and scrambled inside. He shut the door and began frantically bouncing in front of the toilet. He yanked the sweatpants down, letting them fall back around his ankles, and aimed for the bowl. Liquid blasted out of him, slamming into the water and creating a thunderous roar of blissful release.

Outside, Duncan had been a little worried about River, wondering if he should have gone in right after him to help him get the pants back OFF, but when he heard the ear-splitting hiss of liquid hitting liquid, he had to assume that River had managed it and was now free to let go. A loud, low groan of pleasure reverberated from behind the door and confirmed it.

Those sounds were making Duncan need to go a whole lot more, and he crossed his legs together, let his ankles rub.

In front of the toilet, River started to tremble where he stood. This felt so amazing… He could feel the nerve-wracking ball of bloat in his midsection growing smaller, knew that by the time he was done his stomach would be flat again, no longer protruding with far too much urine. He recalled his assessment from the previous day, that he probably wouldn’t be able to fill up a liter bottle even when he was bursting, and thought now that he’d been mistaken. It felt to him like if he’d been doing this into a bottle, he could fill it up just as high as Duncan had.

Back in the hall, Duncan saw Hugo come around the corner from the kitchen, ready to head out. Hugo stopped when he spotted Duncan at the restroom door, in his wet pajamas, shifting around. “Did you have a nightmare, too?”

Duncan nodded. “I think it was just me,” he said. “River was… Kinda having an emergency when he got up, so he must not have gone last night.”

Hugo paused, now able to hear the sound of River’s bladder exploding in the restroom, the furious rush of a stream against porcelain, the light, floaty moans…

Then he remembered how he’d seen River right in front of the restroom earlier, and had told him to go get changed right away. It should have been obvious that he’d been interrupting! Yet, he’d still assumed River’s anxious twitching was caused by embarrassment over wetting the bed, not desperation. Aw, jeez… Now he felt terrible!

He listened as the jet of water dissipated into a trickle, listened to some shuffling of clothing and the flush of the toilet, listened as River quickly ran his hands under the sink’s faucet for what couldn’t have been even a full second… Then, the door opened, and there River was, face flushed pink, shoulders limp, legs swaying. He had a sort of dazed look on his face…

“River, I’m sorry I sent you back to your room,” Hugo said. “I didn’t realize you had to pee, I thought you were just embarrassed!”

“I— I sort of was…” River said. “I wanted everyone to think I’d pissed the bed so Duncan wouldn’t feel bad, and then I was… I guess too ashamed to let you know I was desperate when you thought I’d just…”

“River, I wouldn’t have felt bad!” Duncan said. “Er, I mean, I would have… But only for a bit! I’d get over it! I’m— I’m ALREADY over it. You didn’t need to pretend it was all you. And— And you shouldn’t feel ashamed to tell someone you have to pee after you’ve had an accident, either. Er… See? I… I wet the bed last night, and now I have to go again, and… And that’s not…” He frowned, chest and face going warm. “I don’t know where I’m going with this… I just don’t want you to worry so much…”

“O—Oh, you need to pee too?” River got out of the doorway. “Th—There you go.”

Duncan stepped in— doing so a LOT more calmly than River had earlier— lowered the seat on the toilet, pulled down his pants, and sat. As he emptied his bladder with a soft sigh, he could overhear River and Hugo talking.

“River, I guess it was nice of you to try to take the blame,” Hugo said. “But… You usually… You speak up when you need to go.”

“I tried to earlier, it was just hard!” River said. “Like I said, I got all embarrassed, and stuff.”

“That’s… You didn’t…” Hugo didn’t finish the thought.

Duncan finished peeing and stood from the toilet. He knew what Hugo had been about to say, and he was glad he’d stopped himself. River didn’t need to hear the words “You didn’t used to do things like that” again. River knew that things about his behavior had changed. River knew that he was more scared now, and that he was more ashamed of himself now.

Everyone had been brought to the Organization for a reason. Everyone had been brought there because someone hated them, because someone thought they needed to be punished. The people that had been brought there with River and Duncan had been scam-artists, child abusers, thieves— One person had even been a cold-hearted killer.

While Duncan found the method of retribution brought to those people abhorrent, he could at least understand WHY someone had wanted vengeance against them. He could even understand why someone had wanted to make HIM suffer.

But, he could never, EVER understand the reason River had been put there.

River’s Mother had paid for his execution, and his crime was simply not wanting to take the Estrogen hormones anymore. His crime had been nothing more than just being himself. His Mother had already kicked him out of her home, barred him from her life, but that hadn’t been enough. When she’d seen him volunteering at a nursing home one day, when she’d seen the changes to his features, the scar on his arm, knew that he’d become the person he wanted to be, she’d thought that worthy of death.

When they’d been imprisoned, when he and River were about to be killed, videos were shown explaining what they’d been condemned for. And that was how Duncan had learned River was intersex, how he’d learned River had been raised as a girl. That had been surprising, but not as much of a gut-punch as the reveal that River’s own parents had wanted him killed for it. The people whom were supposed to love and protect River the most had done the exact opposite, and the Organization played a very, very long video testimony from River’s Mother wherein she broke down exactly how much she hated River, how much he disgusted her, how much she wished she’d never even given birth to him.

Duncan had watched River’s face change throughout the video, and it became clear that his Mother’s words were a worse torture for him than anything else the Organization had subjected him to.

So yes, River felt shame now more than he ever had before. It didn’t matter what exactly was causing him to feel ashamed, the feelings remained intense and painful.

***

(The reason River doesn’t get hard from Duncan touching him/Hasn’t woken up with a boner is just because erections work differently for someone with a phalloplasty. River CAN get hard, but it’s not spontaneous/automatic for him. Duncan isn’t aware of this, and so expects River’s body to respond the same way his own does and it’s making him anxious when it doesn’t. River also doesn’t realize what Duncan doesn’t know, so doesn’t notice his anxiety. In future chapters, River and Duncan will have more discussions about this, but I wanted to clear it up now for anyone who doesn’t already know.

I’m not sure how much River’s Mom is going to show up in this fic, since there is no way the two of them will encounter one another again, so she’ll only make appearances in flashbacks.

River’s Mom believes that something she did wrong during the pregnancy is responsible for River being born intersex. She spent his childhood trying to make sure he grew into a ‘normal’ woman and keep him from getting ‘confused’. (Which is also why she refused to tell him about his condition.) Any deviation (such as dressing masculinely for a game) would make River’s Mom panic. She viewed River’s rejection of being a woman as a rejection of all the the ‘work’ she did to make him ‘normal’, and as an act of betrayal.

And, yeah, the way the Organization works is, if someone wants another person dead, they can pay money to have them killed. They have to submit a video where they explain why they want that person to die. Prior to their execution, the victim will have to watch the video so they know the reason they’ve been brought there. The Organization also doesn’t really care WHAT the reason is, so long as they get the money. So, sometimes the people killed are guilty of heinous crimes such as murder or child abuse, and other times it’s like what happened with River.)

*014*2022-12-10 18:08

This is a pretty dark one, you're going to see a flashback of River's Mom. So, warnings for transphobia, interphobia and medical abuse.

***

River shoved the plate away from himself forcefully, the material squeaking against the wooden table. “Are you kidding me?” He snapped. He hadn’t meant to shout, but the sight of that crumbled up pill in his food had made him so furious.

“You know,” his Mom said. “If you would take the hormones on your own, we wouldn’t need to do things like this. You’re the one deciding to make it difficult.”

“I’m not taking them,” River said with a groan. “I’m not going to let you turn me into a girl.”

“You are a girl,” Mom told him. “No one is turning you into anything— It’s what you are, you just need a little extra help to grow into yourself.”

River scooted back his chair and started to stand.

His Dad grabbed him by the arm and pulled him back down. “Finish your dinner.”

“No,” River said. “I’m not getting drugged.”

“That’s right,” Dad agreed. “You’re NOT getting ‘drugged’, you’re being given medication that you NEED.” He sighed. “I don’t know what’s gotten into you, but you’re behaving like a child. You’re sixteen years old, it’s time you matured.”

River didn’t understand how this was a matter of maturity. He couldn’t understand his parents at all. A few months ago, he’d seen a kid at his school taking iron supplements for anemia, and he’d been surprised. Not because he’d found another person with his same condition, but because the pills THAT guy was taking looked absolutely NOTHING like the ‘anemia medication’ his parents gave HIM every day.

So, when he got home, he looked up the letters that were etched into HIS pills, and made the discovery that they WEREN’T iron supplements at all— And that he probably DIDN’T have anemia. Instead, his pills were hormones; Estrogen, and another one that was supposed to ‘suppress testosterone production’. Why would he need THAT? When he read the effects, he got even more confused.

The hormones were supposed to cause him to undergo female puberty. But, as much as River didn’t like it, he WAS already female, right? He had a vagina… It didn’t look very much like the ones in his health textbook, but that was probably only because everyone’s body was a little different. The websites said the pills caused ‘breast development’, except… Wasn’t that going to happen anyway? River had been repulsed ever since he first saw those things growing in, had pressed his hands against them as hard as he could, like he could force them back into his body and have his chest flat again. But, he’d known that they were coming, he’d known that they were inevitable, and would show up on their own.

So then, why the pills?

Come to think of it, River was sixteen years old and he hadn’t gotten his first period. Mom was always asking him if it had showed up yet, and River had been dreading that inevitability for years… Sixteen was really, REALLY late to still not have one, wasn’t it?

Suddenly, River didn’t think he wanted to take his pills anymore. Just to see what would happen if they were gone. Something just didn’t feel right… Something HADN’T felt right for a long time, but now it felt even more wrong than ever.

From that day on, whenever River’s parents handed him the hormone pills, he’d stick them into his mouth. But, instead of swallowing them, he’d spit them out into the toilet. It only took about a month for his parents to catch on; They spotted the results before River himself did. They noticed fuzz growing in on his chin, heard his voice cracking and changing. “You’ve stopped taking your pills,” his Mom had said. It wasn’t a question, she already knew. Briskly, she informed him that his medication was non-negotiable. She was going to monitor him from then on to make sure he actually swallowed them.

An argument ensued, River told her again and again that he was not going to take ANY medication until he was told what it was for.

“It’s for your anemia, you know that.”

River shook his head. “Estrogen doesn’t treat anemia— I bet I don’t even HAVE that, do I?”

“It’s not estrogen,” his Mom said. She laughed, as if River were being ridiculous. “It’s an iron supplement.”

“The label on the pill says it’s something else.”

They got louder, until River’s Dad came downstairs to see what was going on. His Mom told him that River was refusing his medication. River, again, demanded to know what he needed it for. After a lot more arguing, River’s Dad told him.

And suddenly things started to make sense. He’d always felt so uncomfortable as a girl, had always had it in the back of his mind that someone had made a mistake when he was born, and now that had just been confirmed. The surgeons that had operated on him when he was a baby had just gotten it wrong, and River being raised as a female had all been a huge misunderstanding. All River had to do now was correct those surgeons’ errors and everything would be fixed.   In those first few moments of knowing the truth, River hadn’t felt betrayed, he hadn’t felt despair, he’d only felt hope. He was even a little excited. He thought he may have been smiling a little. “Oh, okay,” he said. “That explains it… The doctors just messed up.”

His parents didn’t react the way he’d been expecting them to; The way he NEEDED them to.

“What did they mess up?” Mom asked.

“They picked the wrong thing,” River said. “They made me into a girl, but that wasn’t right.” He laughed a little, a relieved breath exhaling through his nose. “All my life, I didn’t know why I felt like this, but I get it now. I was just always supposed to—“

“They didn’t make you into a girl,” Mom interrupted. “You just are one.”

Upon hearing that, River’s elation started to drain away. He looked to his Dad, hoping that maybe he would understand a little better. Surely, at least one of his parents had to realize that it had been a bad idea to perform a surgery like that on someone who couldn’t even speak yet; They’d only had a 50/50 chance of guessing the right option, that meant there was a huge chance they’d get it wrong! “Dad…?” He said. “I really don’t think—“

“You’re sixteen,” Dad said. “You’re too young to make decisions like this. Take your pills.”

His Dad’s words confused him. At sixteen, he was too young to say he didn’t want the pills anymore. But, as a baby, he’d been old enough to be operated on? Furious, he’d stormed up to his room, his thoughts swirling. He felt violated, all the way down to his bones. He’d never once felt like he truly belonged in his own body, but now that he knew about this, it felt less like it belonged to him than ever before.

There followed a terrible period in his home, filled with constant feuds as River’s parents tried to force him to take the pills. One night, his Dad physically pinned him to the floor and stuffed them into his mouth. He laid there for a while, pretending to swallow them, then when his parents finally left him alone, he opened up the window and spat them into the bush.

And that led to tonight, when Mom had decided to hide the medication in his food. River was not going to eat it. He would starve before he let even one more of those pills enter his body. HIS body. It belonged to HIM. What went into it, what was DONE to it… Those decisions weren’t his parents’ to make.

The shouting and screaming that night was unreal. His Mom called him every awful name she could think of, yelled at him that everyone at school would laugh at the ‘girl growing a beard’. River didn’t reply, he didn’t tell her that everyone he went to school already made fun of him, and that he was beyond the point of caring about it. He’d allow himself to be mocked to Hell and back if only he could please, please have control over his own body.

At some point, Dad got so angry at River’s continued refusals that he stormed out of the house. River heard the car pull out of the driveway and knew he wouldn’t be back for a while. Mom started to cry. Hot, angry tears that ran down her face in thick globs. “Look what you did!” She snarled.

River didn’t reply. He didn’t think he’d done anything. And, even if he had, it in no way matched the scale of what his parents had allowed to be done to him. River hadn’t performed unneeded surgeries on them when they couldn’t say no. River hadn’t lied to them every day for sixteen years. River hadn’t forced them to take unnecessary medication that made them feel miserable. At worst, he’d hurled curse words at them, which hardly seemed comparable.

His Mom stared at him. River didn’t see any affection in her eyes. He wondered when the last time he’d seen that even was… She gave him an ultimatum. He was not allowed to leave the table until he agreed that he’d resume taking his hormones.

River shrugged, “You’ll have to let me go to school on Monday, you know?”

“We’ll see. It’s up to you if you go to school on Monday or not.”

River groaned. He could wait her out. She had to go to sleep eventually, after all. Of course, he knew that once this was over, she’d come up with ANOTHER way to try to force those pills into him, but he’d deal with that once the time came.

He really did not understand. If he needed pills to make him into a girl, that meant ‘boy’ was the default for him, didn’t it? So, then why were his parents so shocked and appalled when he told them that was what he was?

In the time since he’d learned the truth about the pills, he’d done research of his own. He’d learned about transgender people and supposed he was sort of like that since he’d been stuck in the wrong box? He related to all the stories trans men had shared about their childhoods, he’d felt the exact same things that they all did. But, at the same time, he wasn’t sure if he quite fit in with THEM either, because some things about him were so different!

All the trans guys talked about taking testosterone to transition, which River didn’t think he’d have to do since his body seemed to be making a lot of that by itself. Most of the trans guys had had menstrual periods at some point in their lives, River never had and never would, so when he read stories talking about how THAT felt, he couldn’t relate as well. Some of them wanted surgery to get rid of their breasts, which River definitely wanted for himself, but it was STILL different, because if he hadn’t been tricked into taking the pills, he wouldn’t HAVE any breasts to start with.

A lot of them also mentioned wanting surgery to change their genitals. River had already had one of those, and that was where all his problems had begun. It was possible another surgery could fix it, but when he read about phalloplasty, he got nervous that it wouldn’t work on someone like him. Maybe since he’d already had the one surgery, he couldn’t have another. Or maybe since his parts weren’t exactly like a ‘typical’ female’s, something would go wrong.

Really, none of that mattered, though. His parents had made it very clear that he did not own his body, all decisions regarding it were to be left up to them. They knew best, even if their choices made him utterly miserable.

All he could do was refuse the pills. That was the only teeny bit of control he could even hope to exert over his own life.

His Mom kept staring at him, her hands folded over the table. She wore a look on her face that told River HE was the one being unreasonable.

River settled in to wait. Once Mom got tired enough, this would end. He was sure of it.

He’d forgotten some important things, though; He had a really small bladder, and it had been about four hours since he’d last relieved himself. The second he got himself comfortable in the chair, he noticed that he needed to go.

He didn’t give a fuck. He wasn’t going to poison himself just so he could take a leak. He’d hold it until his bladder broke itself into ten billion shards and ripped him open before he did that.

Not that his middle wasn’t already aching. He wished he’d brought a manga to the table with him. That would have ticked his Mom off too, but at least then he’d have something to distract his mind away from his bladder. As it was, the only thing he could focus on was the ever-growing urge to relax his sphincters and let his urine flow.

Abruptly, he pulled one of his feet up into the chair with him and rocked himself against it. This lessened the need somewhat, and he shut his eyes, trying to relax. He could hold it. He only had to wait until Mom exhausted herself too much, then he could rid himself of the pressure. When he opened his eyes again, Mom was looking at him more intently.

“There will be no visits to the toilet,” Mom told him. “As I said, you are not leaving from this table until you do what I’ve asked.”

River turned from her, a little too sharply as the motion sloshed all the pee filling up his bladder. “I wasn’t going to ask you for that,” he informed. He felt like adding ‘It’s your chair, if you want it pissed in, more power to you,’ but he didn’t want to admit to her that he DID have to go. “I don’t even need it.”

His Mom just smiled at him. Well. More of a smirk.

River, again, tried to understand. It was like she seemed to revel in his discomfort and misery. What kind of a mother did that? It was like she didn’t understand that he even HAD feelings. He didn’t know if she’d EVER considered that. As far as he understood it, from the second he was born she was making enormous choices for him without thinking about how he’d be affected by them.

For a while, the anger he had towards that woman worked as a suitable distraction from the ever growing pain in his pelvic region. It didn’t last, though. Soon the sharp pangs in his bladder were even stronger than his rage, and he was forced to bend forwards and cross his legs, thighs squeezing together hard.

Mom didn’t seem to be dozing off…

Sweat beaded up on River’s brow as he crossed his legs around in the opposite direction.

***

Duncan had made an awful mistake again. He’d really thought he’d learned his lesson the first time he’d done this, but once more, he’d gone to bed without a quick before-sleep pee, and his bladder was now on the verge of rupture. He still didn’t feel up to going down the hall by himself in the dark, so he just had to hope that he either managed to wait until morning, or River woke up to accompany him.

Duncan had actually managed to doze off a few times, his dreams pelting him with images of huge waterfalls, massive sprinkler systems, trickling hoses, and toilets… So many toilets. The last time he’d woken up had been just after he’d sat down on one, seconds before he’d been about to unleash his pee. A part of him wished that he HADN’T woken up just in time to avoid wetting the sheets. At least, if he’d peed in his sleep, River would understand, and he wouldn’t need to hold it anymore.

He’d tried to fall BACK asleep and continue that dream. He wanted to be on that imaginary toilet again more than he thought he’d ever wanted anything. But, by that point, his bladder was hurting him so badly that he COULDN’T rest anymore.

As much as he hated urinating anywhere that wasn’t toilet, he was starting to think it would be a good idea to keep a bottle in the bedroom for nights like this. He just needed to make sure it was a big one. He felt like he was holding a gallon.

He looked at River sleeping beside him. River’s brow was furrowed, his face pinched, and Duncan thought maybe he was having a bad dream and wouldn’t mind being shaken awake to take Duncan to the restroom. Except, sometimes when Duncan got woken up in the middle of a nightmare now, he got pretty freaked out for the first several seconds. River would probably be the same way.

Duncan would do his very best to hold it.

He cupped his hands against his crotch, squeezing tightly. He wanted to give his cock a few strokes, even though nothing about his current predicament was turning him on. He just needed to get hard enough that nothing could leak out of him. He still hadn’t asked River if jerking off in the bed while he was asleep was okay, though. If River DID wake up and found Duncan pleasuring himself, he might react badly.

So, Duncan stuck to just clutching and squirming. He rolled back and forth across his half of the bed, his eyes screwed shut and his teeth gnashing with furious need. His hands strained between his sweaty thighs, his chest shakily rose and fell with shallow, shuddering breaths.

***

It had been almost two hours now, and River was still at the table. He needed to pee so badly that he could taste it. His eyes were welling up with tears brought on by the extreme pressure. His legs were scissoring beneath the table. He nibbled on his lip. He could no longer pretend that he didn’t need the bathroom, but that was no reason to give in.

Honestly, he’d prefer having an accident at the kitchen table to being force-fed pills. If he peed his pants, then he’d just pee his pants… He’d feel gross and grimy until he got changed, and it would be a little embarrassing, but at most it would just be a half hour of clean-up and then he could move on.

The pills were different. The pills caused drastic changes that took surgical intervention to undo, the pills made him feel awful every second of every day. The pills made him feel humiliated every time he looked in a mirror. The pills couldn’t be cleaned up and forgotten about.

Really, the only reason he didn’t just deliberately piss himself now and get it over with was because he knew it would give Mom another reason to be angry at him, another thing to punish him for. He still wanted to hope that his bladder would outlast her.

But, since River’s desperation was now so painfully obvious, Mom seemed convinced that he’d break any minute now so he could have some relief. He wondered to himself if SHE would consider taking testosterone, growing a beard and getting a deep voice, in exchange for one, single piss.

He doubted it.

Maybe he should ask her that, though? Not the piss part, but the rest of it. ‘How would you feel if someone forced you to take testosterone?’ Maybe she’d understand then…

He gave it a try.

His Mom just looked at him, wrinkling up her brow, as if what he’d just said was the most nonsensical thing she’d ever heard. “Why would anyone force me to take testosterone? I’m a woman.”

It was like talking to a brick wall that all the other brick walls made fun of for its lack of listening skills.

River squirmed in his seat. Aches careened through his abdomen and he felt a drip escape him. And then another. He gave in and put his hands against himself, wriggling into the needed pressure of his palms. He wondered what it would be like if he’d been born a normal guy. Or, barring that, if he’d at least been born to normal parents. He had to believe normal parents would ask him “Well, what do YOU want to do? It’s YOUR body.” He had to believe normal parents wouldn’t imprison him at a table and make him hold his bladder in an effort to torture him into obedience.

His need was becoming kind of torturous though. One of the worst things about having a small bladder was having to feel it STRETCH out way earlier than anyone else would. He felt like it was shoving aside all of his other organs, felt like it was being pinched by his narrow hip-bones. He felt so bloated and full that he could barely stop himself from launching to his feet and running to the toilet on pure instinct.

But, that thought gave him pause. Why DIDN’T he just leave? Was Mom going to pin him down physically? River thought he could take her in a fight, it was just his Dad that he couldn’t win against, and HE wasn’t there right now. Really, the only tool Mom had on him right now were her words and, seeing as how she didn’t give a rat’s ass about anything HE had to say, why should he give her that same courtesy?

He started to stand, very gingerly, so as to not rock his bladder out of its precarious position.

Mom stood up too, then leaned over the table, and smacked River hard across the face. “Sit. Down,” she growled.

River was so stunned for a second that he didn’t feel the pee leaking into his pants until it began to roll down his legs. His Mom had never struck him in the face before…

Tightening down his pelvic muscles, he took his seat once more.

***

Duncan was laying on his front, his face in his pillow as he gnashed his teeth against it to keep from voicing aloud his suffering. His hands were pushed so tightly into his groin, nails digging into the sensitive area, that tears were springing to his eyes. He’d leaked. A lot. His pajama pants were cold and sticking to this thighs. He was trying once more to just go to sleep, he knew he’d piss the sheets if he did, but that was preferable to doing it while awake. Peeing the bed while unconscious was understandable, doing it while his eyes were blown wide open with panic wasn’t acceptable at all.

To make matters worse, River was starting to move around a lot in his sleep, and that was causing the bed to shake, and THAT was causing Duncan’s bladder to get jostled around, and THAT was causing him to spring more and more leaks. As soon as he plugged one shut, another quickly began to trickle out and take its place. His teeth ground hard against the material of his pillowcase, sweat rolling off of him in sheets.

He knew River was having a bad dream, he knew that was why he was moving around so much! He wanted to wake him up, to free River from his terror and HIMSELF from his absolutely horrific desperation. He knew better, he knew he couldn’t, he knew River would panic…

‘Ahhhh, I have to goooo!’ Duncan thought, stricken by the sheer force of his agonizing need. No matter how many knots he tied himself up into, his pee just REFUSED to stay put. It kept seeping out, it kept dripping into his clutching hands, it kept re-heating all the cooling wet spots in his pants.

He tried once more to talk himself into getting up and going to the toilet by himself. At this point, he wasn’t even sure if he could walk there without leaving a lake on the floor somewhere, but that hardly seemed to matter since he just couldn’t find the courage to even try.

***

Another hour had passed at the table. It was well after midnight now. Mom seemed to be getting drowsy, but River couldn’t pay close enough attention to tell. He was sitting on top of his hands now, almost humping himself against them as he bounced and bounced and bounced. His legs were coiled together, his feet going numb from having to spend so long without proper blood-flow. He gnashed his teeth together, he fought back tears of pain.

He refused to give in.

Pissing, as amazing as it would feel to do, was NOT worth capitulating to his Mother’s horrific control.

“You know, you really are acting like a child,” Mom said. “Look at this, you’re doing a potty-dance because you won’t stop throwing your little tantrum. You think this sort of behavior shows me you’re mature enough to make big decisions for yourself? It doesn’t.”

River said nothing. No amount of reason would get through to her. There were zero combinations of words that would convince his Mom that anything about this was sick. He was done trying to understand her. He was done trying to understand how someone could look at their own child going through so much pain, and think that the correct thing to do would be to cause even more of it. She may have been his mother through biological happenstance, but she wasn’t his parent. A parent wouldn’t do this.

Again, he fantasized to himself what it would be like to have normal parents. If a normal parent was about to give him the pills, they’d say what they were for. And, when River told them “But, I don’t want that,” a normal parent would say “Oh, I didn’t realize. You don’t have to take them.” If a normal parent saw him upset, saw him squirming and writhing and oh-so-desperate for the toilet, they’d say “Oh, do you need help walking to the bathroom?” And then they’d just… Take him there. They’d take him there and allow him to pee.

River’s Mom wasn’t a parent. He didn’t even know what she was.

He knew what he was, though. He was a man, a man that had been subjected to severe medical malpractice his entire life as his parents smiled along and kept it a secret. He was a man who hated the woman he was expected to call “Mom”. He was a man that had to pee so badly he could no longer see straight, and was on the verge of soaking his pants right there in the kitchen. And, he was a man who didn’t give a single fuck if he did that or not.

He did not consciously choose to begin urinating. Truthfully, he DID fight it up until the very last second. But, when he felt that surge— The most powerful surge of need he’d ever suffered in his life— and piss erupted right out of his opening, hissing out for several seconds, that momentarily loss of control, those few glorious seconds where his flood-gates had been open and his muscles had been relaxed… They had felt so amazing to him that he just… Gave in.

He gave in, he let the rest all come pouring out, he let his pants grow heavy, warm and wet as his piss gushed all through the material. He even let himself moan, because it just felt, so, so, so fucking good to finally go… His eyes shut, and he panted with glorious relief.

Then, he heard a chair scraping against the floor, some shuffling, and the next thing he knew, he’d been knocked out of the chair, onto the floor. His eyes opened, and he was still pissing thunderously, sprawled on the ground in his puddle, his head and side throbbing from when he’d landed. And then, Mom started to kick him. Again and again, screaming at him that she’d never been so disgusted in her life.

***

Duncan was still squirming around in bed, now laying on his back and thrusting his hips up against his clenching hands as he tried to quell the dribbles that continued to bead through his tip, when he heard the hiss of urine flowing through fabric. He panicked for a second, thinking he’d finally exploded, but he was still only losing it drop by drop.

Which meant… He turned frantically, seeing River’s crotch darkening as he peed. He was still thrashing in the throes of his nightmare and, without thinking, Duncan started shaking him. “River, River! Wake up, you’re peeing! And— And you’re having a bad dream! Get up!”

River’s eyes flew open, and his pupils dilated with fear for a second before the action taking place down below struck him. He grabbed his dick and managed to cut off his release. “Oh, fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck…” he muttered, scissoring his legs. “I need a god damned—“

“I know, River!” Duncan said. “Me too! Hurry!”

River launched himself out of bed and just started to run. The momentum was making him leak again, but he couldn’t slow down. He needed to be at the toilet NOW, taking any extra time getting there would leave him DRENCHED instead of just soggy.   He heard Duncan whimpering and hobbling after him as he threw open the door to the bathroom. “Gotta piss, gotta piss, fuckfuckfuck…” River huffed. He tore down his pants and aimed blindly at the (thankfully already open) toilet, and immediately let go of a moan that barely managed to overpower the sound of his urine thunderously striking the water in the bowl. “Ohhhh…”

Duncan finally caught up and, with some dismay, saw River had already claimed the toilet. He didn’t think he could ask River to clamp it off for a second while he sat down and parted his legs… He also didn’t think he could handle standing next to him, facing away from the door, in the middle of the night…

Pee was oozing into his boxers at a rapid rate, seeing and hearing River pee was like having a cannonball launched into his bladder.

River turned, saw Duncan, saw Duncan was desperate… Realized he hadn’t heard him clearly enough a minute ago. He’d heard him say “hurry”. He’d missed him saying “me too”.

“I—I’m sorry, I’ll be fast, I—“

Tears welled up in Duncan’s eyes as more pee trickled from him. He was gonna have an accident, unless he…

He shuddered. He hated using ANYTHING that wasn’t a toilet. He especially hated peeing in a spot where he was SUPPOSED to be getting clean. But, he needed somewhere to let it flow that wasn’t his pants…

He tore down his bottoms and hobbled over to the tub, the second he was seated over its ledge, he was gushing out a ferocious stream. It rattled against the side of the tub, pouring into the basin and ripping a great groan of relief from Duncan’s lips. “Ahhhh…..”

River had watched him the whole time (Inadvertently screwing up his aim and pissing on the rim of the bowl for a second since he’d looked away.) He hadn’t expected Duncan to do that, but was happy he’d found a solution. The two kept spraying and gasping with pleasure. River shuddered as his poor bladder deflated, and Duncan shut his eyes and tipped his head backwards to moan, pee erupting from his bladder like a pin-hole poked into a water-balloon.

River finished first, and wiped off the splatter of urine from the bowl. He tucked his cock back away and stood with his hands on his knees, panting and out of breath.

Duncan kept peeing for almost another whole minute before he was finally down to just a dribble, which took another several seconds to stop entirely. Blearily, he blinked his eyes back open, and remembered he’d been urinating into the tub this whole time. He shook again, but not from relief. How could he have done something so gross?

He rose from the ledge and pulled his clammy pants back on, turned and looked at the puddle slowly heading down into the drain. It was enormous. No wonder Duncan had been in enough pain to start crying. “I’m sorry…” Duncan said.

“For what?” River asked. “I’m the one that should have waited for you!”

“I— I peed… In the…”

“Yeah,” River said. “You pissed in the tub. Everybody pees in the shower… I mean, normally with the water ON, but—“

“I don’t!” Duncan said. “I— I’ve only done it once, and it was an accident because I couldn’t hold it anymore! I’m not supposed to pee in the tub, it’s dirty, and—“

“Well, this time was sort of an accident too, right?” River reasoned. “You couldn’t hold it anymore, could you?”

Duncan shook his head. “It was coming out…”

“See? I know you wouldn’t make a mess normally, this was just an emergency… Run the water for a bit, and it’ll all get washed right down the drain.”

“O—Okay…” Duncan flicked the tub on. “You were having a bad dream before,” he said.

“I was,” River agreed.

“About The Organization?”

“No, this one was about my Mom,” River said.

“Oh… So, was it, like, a memory?”

“Yeah. I guess since I had to piss like crazy, I was remembering a time where I wet my pants.”

“Your Mom made you?”

“Pretty much,” River said. He explained the dream to Duncan, how his Mom had kept him at the table until he agreed to continue taking Estrogen, how he’d held his bladder until it became too much, how his accident had prompted Mom to beat him. “That’s the part where you woke me up at, guess when I started pissing in the dream, I was pissing for real.”

“Your Mom sounds awful…” Duncan said, unsure what else he could offer by way of comfort. He gave River a hug anyway, hoped that would help. “I mean, I already knew she was bad, since she put you… There. But, I never thought about what it would have been like to live with her for so long.”

“In some ways, when she kicked me out, it was a relief,” River admitted. “It was really hard, but at least I didn’t have to see her anymore.”

“I’m sorry all of that happened to you,” Duncan said. “You didn’t deserve it.”

“You don’t have to be sorry,” River hugged him. “I’m happy now, I’m happier than I’ve ever been. You… It feels incredible to be loved by someone, Duncan. Thank you for letting me have that.”

Duncan fought not to tear up. “Thank you, too,” he said. “I never thought… That someone could make me so happy.” He turned and switched off the tub, all the evidence of his little ‘indiscretion’ was gone now. “Um… Can I ask you something?”

“What?”

“Two times now, I’ve forgotten to go pee before bed and then been too scared to go by myself, so can you remind me every night from now on?”

“I can try,” River promised.

He opened the door. Hugo was standing there, looking one part groggy and two parts squirmy. He blinked his eyes a few times. “What were you two doing in here?”

“W—We both had to go to the bathroom, and it’s scary to walk around alone at night,” Duncan said.

“Why’d you have the tub running?” Hugo asked. “That… Wasn’t the most fun thing to listen to.”

“Uhhh…” Duncan wriggled his feet nervously.

“Duncan got to the toilet before me,” River cut in. “And, there wasn’t enough room for me to go too, and I couldn’t wait… I ended up using the shower. I’m sorry.”

“I guess if you washed it out afterwards, then that’s fine,” Hugo said. “Everyone does it…”

