First date

Author: soo-pis-sed

*000*2022-11-16 13:19

I've already written a story about going to a movie, but this one has somewhat different perspective. Hope it's fun, too!

I matched with this girl on Tinder.

Not that I actually believe in Tinder, but I've been single for two months already after my recent breakup, so I decided to give it a try. A random date is not the worst way to spend a Sunday.

It's generally thought that people who use Tinder only want one night stands, they're horny all the time and want to bang everything that moves. It's not my case though. In fact, my ex-girlfriend broke up with me because of the lack of sex. I couldn't just confess to her that I rarely get aroused by "normal" things... There are some pretty simple ways how a girl can make me horny AF, but I'd rather kick myself in the face than tell anyone. It's too embarrassing. So, unable to promise her that my sexual performance will improve, basically I just stood and watched her leave.

But enough of those sad memories. I'm going out, hooray! My date, Hally, is a cute, petite girl with hazel eyes, long dark hair, and a perfect butt (which she's well aware of, judging by the amount of photos from behind in her profile). We actually hit it off, she turned out smart and funny, and I decided to just go for it and ask her to join me on Sunday to watch a movie.

In real life, she looks even better than in the photos! I got lucky. She is wearing light blue jeans fitting her perfectly. Naturally, I ask if she wants popcorn, a drink or anything.

"Yes, please. Salty popcorn. And the largest size drink they have, that popcorn always makes me thirsty as hell."

Uh oh... Here we are. Okay, I must tell y'all something. I'm extremely aroused by the sight of a hot girl needing to pee. Yeah, weird, I know, but it is what it is. Actually, even a thought of a girl's full bladder turns me on a little. And Hally is going to chug a liter of liquid during the movie...

"Sure, let's go get it!"

So, the movie has barely started, and she's already 1/3 into her drink. I secretly watch her, feeling like the creepiest person on Earth. No sign of desperation though. Finally I get distracted by the movie itself.

Around the middle of the film, I hear Hally slurping. I turn to her; she's sucking the last drops of her drink with some air. She whispers "sorry" and puts the empty cup away. I can only think of that liter of water in her stomach, currently making its way to her bladder. She's so small, is it possible that her bladder is big enough to hold so much for almost 2 hours? I have to control myself, because if I let these thoughts take over me, my tight pants will cause me to suffer.

Suddenly she casually crosses her legs... Can it be a sign of an urge? "Probably not," I say to myself, "she just wanted to move a bit. Go away, boner, GO AWAY."

Finally, the movie ends.

"So, did you like it?" Hally asks.

"What? Ah... The film... It was... Not bad, I guess."

(Not that I really followed it...)

"Actually, I enjoyed it a lot! Thanks for inviting me. What do you want to do now?"

Now I only want to know how bad she needs to pee. To be honest, I hoped that she will be frantically looking around in search of a bathroom. But she doesn't seem interested in locating it at all.

"Mmm, I don't know. We can go somewhere else. Are you hungry?"

"Not really, after all this popcorn. I'm a bit thirsty though. I miscalculated and finished my drink too early. I saw a stand with juices on the way, let's go, I'll take an orange fresh."

Wow, she wants to drink even more??? But in this case, she has to let out what's already inside, otherwise this poor little girl will explode! I can't believe she doesn't need a bathroom. What if she's just too shy to tell, and endures her bladder torture without uttering a word or showing a single sign of desperation...

Oh c'mon. We're not in a dark hall anymore, it's a bad timing for an uncontrollable erection. "Dead puppies," I think, "dead, dead puppies! No... Dead fish. Stinky, slimy dead fish rotting in the sun. Oh thank you dead fish, you helped a lot."

Meanwhile, Hally takes her fresh, chugs it and orders another one. Somehow I manage to calm down a bit.

"So, how about a little walk?" I say lightly. If we plan to stay outside for a long time, she must admit that she has to use a bathroom.

"Would be great! But it was rain in the forecast..." Hally replies.

"I have an idea! I live like 15 minutes from here. We can pass my house, I'll take an umbrella, and then we'll go to the park. If it starts raining, we'll just walk together under my umbrella. It can be, you know... quite romantic."

"Oh you're so cute. Let's make it happen!"

So we start walking towards my place. I'm still looking for the visual confirmation of her obviously very, very full bladder, but there are none. Hally's chatting and laughing, as usual.

We reach my door. Quite embarrassed, I say:

"I'm super sorry but I wasn't expecting a guest... My place is a mess. Do you mind staying outside while I fetch an umbrella? It's just one minute."

I see a shadow of disappointment in her lively eyes.

"But... I wanted to ask you something..."

"What?"

"I... You know... I just wanted to use your bathroom if possible."

Now I have to choose between staying a decent person and becoming a caricature villain. Who would refuse to let a girl in such an awful situation use a bathroom?! She's probably bursting. It might be a matter of minutes for her to wet her light blue jeans. I must let her... I must...

"No."

That's it. I'm a disgusting human being. But I already told her that I'd prefer her not to come in! And it's true that my place is quite messy.

"No? Why? I won't even notice anything. You know what, I can close my eyes!"

"You see..." I start, already knowing I'm going to make a massive fool of myself, "you can't use the bathroom at my place because the toilet is out of order."

"What??? How do YOU go then?"

"I... I just pee in the sink."

"Eww! But what about #2?"

"I... Y'know, it's a personal question, let's say I prefer not to tell, okay?"

It's all written on her face. She hasn't believed a word. She's going to turn around and leave, and I'll lose an awesome girl just because I'm a stupid pervert.

"You just don't WANT me to use the bathroom, right?"

"How come! Of course that's not true!" I exclaim in a shaky voice that seems the most unnatural of all voices of all time.

Suddenly her expression changes. She smiles widely. Could I really see tiny red fires in her eyes? What's on this woman's mind?

"Okay, you know what, I don't even need to go that much. I wanted to use it just in case before the walk. No big deal at all. Go bring an umbrella, I'll wait."

"Really? You're not offended?"

"By what? It's not your fault your toilet is unusable. Or is it?.."

"No, no, of course not. I appreciate your understanding. Be right back."

I rush home, my heart racing from all that just happened. It can't be true that she isn't in a great need of a pee. Not after everything she drank. What game is she playing?

I reach for my cock, straighten it up and put it in the least uncomfortable position, pointing upward. That's all I can do for you, buddy. I know you'll have a HARD time around this desperate girl, so please, don't embarrass me even more.

I grab the umbrella and come out... instantly shocked by the view. Hally is performing an obvious pee dance, squeezing her thighs tightly and tapping her foot. Well... I'm done. All the blood from my brain immediately rushes to my penis.

"Oh, you're back!" Hally exclaims in a surprised tone, immediately stopping what she was doing. "Let's go."

Easy to say... It's really hard for me to walk. I try to concentrate on a conversation, but every time I look at her face, she exhales loudly and bites her lip a little, maintaining eye contact. It's like she purposefully brings her desperate condition to my attention!

When we reach the park, we pass a public WC. She bends forward a bit, pressing her knees together, and moans through her teeth, but quite loudly. At this point, I almost believe I suffer more then she does. Her pants are still dry, while mine have a huge wet spot of precum, fortunately, invisible on the dark fabric.

"Maybe you should use this one?" I ask, trying to sound disinterested in her answer.

"Ah, no. I told you it's not urgent. I won't use a public bathroom unless I'm about to have an accident."

I can feel my face and ears getting red as a beetroot, but try to prove my point. I actually want her to go now and stop torturing me.

"But... You look like you really need to go."

"Oh, I do? Are you watching me? That's weird."

"No... of course no. I just noticed something... And I thought that, since I hasn't let you to go at my place, I should make sure that you..."

"Stop being so patronizing. I'm in full control of my body functions, as every grown person should be."

At this point it's confirmed: Hally is messing with me. She noticed my reaction to desperation and decided to make fun of it. But how trained her bladder must be to be able to hold so much for so long just out of spite! It's incredible. I wish she would lose control and totally soak these jeans, but in fact she's right: it's only me who has no control over own body. My penis is pulsating and letting out more and more precum.

"Sorry," I sigh. "I have no business telling you what to do."

"Exactly! But no problem, I'm not easily offended. Let's just forget it."

We continue walking, and her teasing intensifies. She would squeeze her legs, moan and even press her hand against her crotch when no one is looking. I must admit that I can no longer stand an erection: my poor cock starts to hurt. Finally, we see a cafe in the depth of the park.

"Hally, I'm hungry, do you mind going there?"

"Actually, me too!"

We walk in and sit at a small round table. The place is pretty crowded on Sunday evening. I see a small line to the bathroom and hesitate between standing there and choosing the food first. But Hally already opened the menu, so I decide to order and then go. While waiting for the service, she makes quite a show... She breathes heavily, crosses and uncrosses her legs, rubs knees, shifts weight from one thigh to another, swings forwards and backwards. I swear I can see her bulging bladder stretching her jeans. But I don't even know if it's really that bad or she just wants to drive me crazy. Anyway, my reaction is the same no matter how authentic she's being. I'm so turned on I can't think straight, and when the waitress comes I just name first thing on the menu without noticing what it is. At the same moment, I realize that the line to the WC disappeared. I blurt "sorry" and rush to the door.

Inside, there's one sink for two tiny stalls with toilets. I lock myself in one. I unzip my pants and grab my dick. It's throbbing and leaking. I'm so aroused I could cum in 30 seconds, but am I really doing this? I'm cringing at myself but can't help it. I squeeze...

Suddenly I hear the door of the adjacent stall lock as well, shortly followed by the sound of unzipping and a very loud moan. It's Hally! I freeze on the spot, not sure what to do. With a long exhale, she almost crushes the toilet - by the sound of it - and then I hear some real Niagara falls. The stream is so powerful that anyone would know how desperate she actually was, and goes on and on for so long I'm wondering how her bladder didn't rupture like an overfilled water balloon from this amount. My hand is moving back and forth, and when she finishes with a sigh of relief, I bite my other hand to keep myself from screaming because I'm having one of the strongest orgasms in my life.

She flushes and goes out, I take another minute to collect my thoughts. When I come back, our food is already on the table. We eat in silence. She knows I was in the adjacent stall, because where else could I be? But does she know what I did? I tried to be as subtle as I could...

"Okay," she said eventually, "it was nice meeting you!"

"I'd like to spend more time with you."

"It's late. Too dark and cold to walk."

All of a sudden, I say:

"Maybe we could go to my place?"

"Dirty and without a functional toilet? No thanks!"

I'm such an idiot...

"Maybe later," she continues with a smile, "when you get everything under control."

