Parental visit

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-05-28 20:10

Alexia gave Antony the coldest, darkest look you will have ever seen. It made Antony shudder. It was at that moment he realised that what started as a joke was now becoming serious. Antony had been teasing Alexia all the time since they got in the car. He started by gently prodding her in the side, which Alexia didn’t mind at first as she was giving as good as she got. But as time drew on he had started getting more and more vigorous and now he was nipping her as well.

Antony wasn’t being cruel, he just never knew when to stop and draw the line. By his very nature he was a joker and a larger than life character. Even his physical stature matched his personality. Antony was a tall, thick built guy with a round bald head which reflected the sun and had the potential to blind anyone is his vicinity. But despite his larger than life personality he was deep down quite a sensitive guy, and when Alexia gave him THE LOOK he immediately knew he had gone too far.

“I’m sorry sweetie, you know I love you right?”

“Nope.” It was impossible to miss the mischief in her eyes. Despite the fact she was irritated by his behaviour, Alexia enjoyed being teased by her boyfriend. It was a part of him and she didn’t want to change that. It helped that she was no angel herself.

“Come on…. Let me see that smile... You know you want to”

“I really don’t. What I do want, is for you to leave me alone.”

At first Antony took this to heart. He felt a chill around his body and his stomach churned. He felt his eyes become heavy as if he was about to cry. But her poker face soon flickered the merest suggestion of mischief. And he knew just how to capitalise.

“Okay. Suit yourself.”

And with that Antony began faking sadness. He turned away and folded his arms and started out the window. If he looked at her he knew he would break and start smiling. So he just started and waited for Alexia to make her move.

“Will you two shut up back there. Some of us are sick of hearing you bicker and play fight. Some of us have to drive a car.”

Alexia was taken aback by her sister’s outburst. Alexia knew it was unlike Alexis to lose her cool. Alexis was probably the most relaxed person she knew. It often made Alexia wonder how identical twins can look so similar, yet have completely different personalities.

But while their personalities were different, they looked exactly the same physically. Both were short and lithe with long wavy blonde hair. They even had the same taste in clothing and it wasn’t uncommon for the pair to wear identical outfits. And today was one of them days. On this day they both wore white vest tops, short denim skirts and black Converse shoes. Even their underwear was the same colour. Red.

The journey to their parents’ home was long and tiring. But they never got many opportunities to see their parents since they moved so it was worth the effort. They had been on the road for about 2 hours and it was at this point that Alexis wanted to stop and take a break. She had been driving nonstop since leaving Edinburgh and it was starting to take a toll on her.

“I could really do with a break guys, I’m going to pull in at the next service station.” Alexis announced the information in a tone that would have no argument. She was tired, hot and sick of hearing her sister and Antony bicker.

“Yeah okay, I’m hungry anyway. Oooh I hope the station has a KFC.”

“Babe, I’ve always wanted to know. What is the deal with you and KFC? Its horrid.” Antony hated KFC and fast food in general, and he never quite understood how his girlfriend liked it so much.

“Shut up!! Leave me alone, I like KFC. So what.”

Antony gave her a look of incredulity and left it at that.

When they pulled up at the service station it took Alexis nearly ten minutes to park. She was terrible at parking and it was a bit of a running joke in the family. But it never bothered her, as long as she got from A to B safely, she didn’t care.

“Oww.. No KFC. Sandwich it is then” Alexia was genuinely disappointed she couldn’t have her beloved KFC, but she would soon get over it. She was used to disappointment.

They began the short walk to the main entrance of the building. The building was old and tatty. The brickwork had long lost its gleam and the wooden beams in the ceiling had woodworm. But still, there was food, drink and restrooms which was fortunate for Alexia has she needed a wee quite badly.

“Antony, I need to run to the restroom, can you go and get me a ham salad sandwich please?”

“What did your last slave die of?”

“Oh okay. I suppose I’ll just piss myself then. Would you like that? Would you like seeing your girlfriend piss herself, just because you can’t be arsed to go and get her a sandwich?”

Antony remained silent. Deep down a part of him wanted to tell her the truth; that yes, he would like to see her piss herself. But he decided this was neither the time nor the place, so he smiled, gave her a kiss and set off to buy the food.

Alexis was sat in the restaurant section of the station reading the paper and having a coffee. She could hear her sister and Antony bickering about the sandwich and for a moment contemplated leaving without them. But she would never do that. Besides, her parents wouldn’t exactly be pleased about it either. So she stood up, straightened her skirt and went to sit in the sun and get some peace and quiet.

Meanwhile Alexia was entering the restrooms. The long corridor leading to the female restroom was boring, beige and dirty. Alexia didn’t like using public restrooms at the best of times, but these were among the worst she had seen. But she plodded on hoping the toilets themselves would be a lot cleaner. And so they were. The walls were sparkling white and the sinks gleamed of the sun shining through the many windows. There was a smell of disinfectant and cleaning products in the air. Alexia didn’t like these smells, but she knew it was a sign of cleanliness so in her mind that was a positive. As she looked for a cubicle she noticed that she wasn’t alone. This was a problem for Alexia. Alexia simply could not pee if she knew there were people within earshot. But as she was getting quite desperate by this point she dived into a cubicle.

She lifted her denim skirt pulled down her red knickers and sat and tried to pee. She tried to block out the noise of the cleaners and public. She thought about waterfalls and waves. But nothing worked. She soon became conscious of how long she had been trying to wee and realised she had to give up and leave soon. So she gave it one last attempt and managed nothing more than a short dribble. So resolved to wait until she got to her parents’ house, she stood up pulled up her knickers and fixed her skirt and headed out the cubicle.

Upon returning to Antony he remarked about how long it had taken her to have a wee. She didn’t have the heart to tell him she couldn’t manage any more than a tiny dribble. So she grabbed her sandwich and together they headed back to the car to meet Alexis.

They picked up Alexis on the way out and all three walked to the car together. Alexia was getting tense as she knew it was another three hours at least until they got to her parents’ home. She cursed herself for having such a nervous bladder and began thinking what it would be like to have a normal bladder. She started to think of the sweet relief she would feel when she got to her parents’ home. All in all, this was a bad idea on her part, as this did nothing more than to make her more desperate.

As they drove on Antony was reading a magazine and was oblivious to his girlfriend’s discomfort. Alexia had her legs crossed and was gently bouncing up and down trying to relieve the pressure of her swollen bladder. Every jolt from the road made her tense up. Every movement she felt seemed to make her bladder swell even more. She tried to focus on the scenery. The trees. The hills. A train flying past on the railway on the other side of the motorway. And for a while this took her mind off her predicament. But when she lost focus on the scenery her bladder ached even more than ever.

“Where are we? How long until we get there?” Alexia did her best to hide the panic and fear in her voice, but she wasn’t very convincing. But nevertheless neither her sister nor her boyfriend noticed.

“We’re still a good hour away yet. That’s provided we don’t hit traffic.”

This wasn’t the worst news for Alexia. It turned out she had been staring out the window for at least an hour. And they were now more than halfway to their destination. But her bladder was aching more than it ever had before.

Her need to pee was enormous now. Her gentle bouncing had escalated into full on rocking up and down and her hand was pressed into her crotch. She wondered if Antony had noticed and she gave him a quick look. And yep as she suspected, he was asleep.

Alexis was completely oblivious to her sister’s situation. She was concentrating on the road. She wasn’t a confident driver and spent all the journey in the left hand lane, only overtaking when she absolutely had to.

“FUCK!!” Alexis shouted as she slammed the brakes on.

A car further up the road had been flitting from lane to lane and had misjudged a gap forcing the car in front of her to slam the brakes on which in turn forced her to do the same. Thankfully there was nobody immediately behind her so they got away with it.

“This is exactly why I don’t like driving. Fucking morons. When did Kelloggs start giving away driving licenses on the back of their cereal? Fucking idiots.” Alexis was raging. She hated driving and incompetent drivers even more. But she soon simmered down.

Meanwhile in the back Antony had been awoken by Alexis’s shouts, but he soon drifted back off. And Alexia had leaked in her knickers.

Alexia was in a blind panic now. She had the situation under control until her sister had slammed her breaks on forcing the seatbelt to press unforgivingly into her bladder. The force of the seatbelt had released a long spurt of pee into her knickers, so much so it had soaked straight through her knickers and into her denim skirt.

Alexia pressed her hand ever tighter into her crotch. The pressure on her pee hole was immense. She could feel small drops escaping and dampening her once clean underwear even more. Her hand was becoming wetter and wetter. She knew she was getting close to an accident. She debated telling her sister to pull in at the next station, but she knew she couldn’t. Alexia couldn’t face moving from her seat, she knew if she did everyone would see the wet patch on her skirt.

Rocking furiously and with one hand pressed onto her pee hole, she knew the end was near. The drips were now becoming spurts and the seat beneath her ass was becoming wet. Quickly realising she was going to wet herself and there was nothing she could do, she removed her black leather jacket and placed it under her skirt. She continued to fight but she knew it was pointless. The leaks were getting bigger and they were occurring more frequently. Her knickers and her skirt were soaked. She began silently sobbing and gave up the fight. Pee streamed through her knickers, down her ass and straight through her skirt into her leather jacket. It was a long powerful stream. She looked around to see if anyone had noticed that she was peeing herself. Antony was still asleep and Alexis was too busy with the road. The warmth in her crotch and on her ass was both exciting and shameful for her. She continued to pee. Her bladder emptying itself at an alarming rate.

When the torrent finished, she checked the damage. Her knickers were completely soaked, as was her skirt and jacket. But she was more concerned about the seat, and too her horror that was soaked too. She began crying hysterically. This both alerted Alexis and woke Antony up at the same time.

“What’s going on? Are you okay?”

The voice from the front startled Alexia. It was decision time.

“Yeahh… I just got a bit emotional that’s all.” She forced back the tears and the words sounded braver than she felt.

Antony looked at his girlfriend with a look of confusion. Her eyes were red and puffy and her cheeks wet with tears. It made him sad. Antony leaned in to give his girlfriend a hug. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pressed his head into her shoulder. Then something struck him. What is that smell? He wondered. He looked his girlfriend up and down. He studied her face deeply. Then he noticed she was sat on her jacket, with a wet patch stretching out from underneath. He looked his girlfriend in the eye. She stared deeply into his gauging whether he had noticed her accident. Without flickering he reached his hand up her skirt and felt the wet evidence for himself. He felt both upset and aroused. Alexia began silently sobbing again.

Antony was shocked. His biggest fantasy had come true; his girlfriend had wet herself. Yet he felt more upset than aroused. He gently brushed her blonde hair from her eyes, kissed her on the forehead and gently pulled her close. He embraced her with all the love he could muster. Alexia was shaking. Crying uncontrollably. Meanwhile her sister remained blissfully unaware.

They hugged for a long time in complete silence. Until Alexia eventually broke the silence.

“What am I going to do?” Her voice was all a tremble, the words creeped of her tongue in no more than a whisper.

“We have to tell your sister; she’s going to find out sooner or later anyway.” Antony wanted to cry for her, but he couldn’t. He knew that, he had to be strong.

“How can I tell her? Oh by the way, I’ve pissed myself in the back of your car.”

Antony ignored her cynical tone.

“Babe she can pull into a service station; you can get cleaned up. We can go into a town and I can buy you some new clothes.”

“I can’t… The words won’t come out of my mouth.”

“Then I’ll tell her.”

“Don’t you dare… Please don’t. I don’t know what to do, in fact I don’t even think I’ve fully finished peeing yet.” As she said that she released another small torrent from her pee hole. Antony was unaware.

“If you still need to pee, let it go. It’ll keep you warm if nothing else” He tried a small smile to comfort Alexia. And it worked she shyly smiled back and said “I already am.”

His cock became hard. He put his hand between his girlfriend’s legs and felt the warm stream for himself.

“What are you doing??? I’ve just told you I’m peeing and you go and stick your hand there.”

Antony turned beetroot red, he didn’t want to betray his true emotions right now.

“I didn’t believe you, I had to kinda see for myself.”

“Yeah well there you go. How does it feel knowing I’m peeing right now?” Her voice was cynical again.

Antony ignored her and tried to think on a plan. He knew deep down the only answer was to tell Alexis of Alexia’s accident. But he wouldn’t unless Alexia agreed, which she wasn’t going to do.

Time passed with Alexis still blissfully unaware. Antony feeling a mix of both arousal and sadness. And Alexia sat in her own wet shame feeling empty, angry, upset and ashamed. The silence was long and hard. Neither Alexia or Antony wanted to break the silence. Nobody knew what to say. And Alexia was peeing again, although not much. She was already so wet she no longer cared. Her small bursts of pee caused by the amount of coffee she had drank at breakfast, was the only thing keeping her warm.

“Oh fuck” Alexia broke the silence. The fear in her voice was palpable. It had just dawned on her that they were now just minutes away from their destination. She released another spurt of pee through nothing more than anxiety.

Antony looked at her. He knew it was now or never.

“We have to tell Alexis now or it’ll be too late”

“Nooo. We can’t. Fuck.” She began sobbing again.

Antony comforted her as best he could, but he knew the situation. There was no good way out of this. But he also knew, the best way was to tell Alexis. But he couldn’t bring himself to say the words and before long, the car stopped.

“Finally. That took longer than usual, but here we are. At long last.” Alexis was chirpy, relieved to get out of the car and have a cup of tea.

Alexia froze. All her muscles tightened. She was gripped by an overwhelming fear. Her sister was opening the boot to get the bags and Antony was stood outside Alexia’s door ready for whatever may come.

Alexia gently pushed the door. A small gust of wind blew up her skirt causing her crotch to go very cold. She then just sat there. Before shrilly calling her sister.

“Alexis….. I’ve…. I… I…. I’ve had an accident. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry” She began crying and shaking uncontrollably.

Her sister was both shocked and afraid. She didn’t know what she meant, she moved round the side to see for herself.

The site she saw was a tragic one. Her own sister sat in a soaking wet skirt, on a soaking wet jacket crying uncontrollably. It took her a few moments to realise what had happened.

“Have you… Pissed yourself? In my car?”

“Y y… Y.. Yes, I’m sorry.”

Alexis was struck. Part of her was sad for her sister’s accident and predicament, but another part of her was angry.

“Why didn’t you tell me to pull over? Why didn’t you go to the toilet when we stopped? Why did you feel the need to piss in my car?”

Alexia had nothing to say. She was crying uncontrollably. So Antony stepped in.

“Alexis, these things happen. It was an accident. She didn’t want to wet herself, she didn’t want to do it in your car.”

“She has a mouth. Why didn’t you say? Why sit there in silence and piss yourself”

Alexia said nothing.

“I think you’re being unfair. Can’t you see she is upset? Forget about your fucking car, what about your sister? She is sat there in piss soaked clothing, clearly distressed and all you can think about is your car?”

Alexis felt a strong pang of guilt and shame. She realised she had been too harsh. She felt her eyes welling up with tears. She knelt down to her sister’s level, looked her straight in the eye and said “I’m sorry. I was shocked. I didn’t mean to sound how I did. I love you. You’re my sister, I should have been supportive instead of being a bitch.”

Alexia said nothing.

“Please say something.”

Alexia remained silent.

Then their parents came out the front door.

Thanks for reading guys :) I hope you enjoyed <3 Any feedback would be greatly appreciated :)

*003*2016-05-28 20:51

{{13 minutes ago, Minervafan110 said:

That was a very Awsome story poor Alexia though

}}

Thank you :D

{{4 minutes ago, Raiden S. said:

I really enjoyed it. The characters, and the story itself, had a lot of personality. There were a few technical errors, but that's not a big deal. If anything I would advise just going over your writing really quick before you submit it so you can catch those. I think the story is fantastic though, and the characters' actions and reactions felt realistic to me.

I hope you continue writing! You have a real talent for it.

}}

Thank you :D Also thank you for pointing out the technical errors, I'll read through again (I proof read 3 times but my attention span can be poor so I do miss things :')

