Journal of a Soggy College Student

Author: SoggyMoffGurl

*000*2025-10-04 07:16

Mkay, so hi. My name is Ellie and I like piss, shocker. I have really wanted to write piss stories for a while now but it wasn’t until recently that I’ve had actual inspiration to do so. After starting college Ive occasionally gotten piss related dreams (I never pissed the bed during them surprisingly) and after the third one last night I decided to just write about them as if I was journaling in this alternate dream reality and see if it goes anywhere. I’ll try to make an update every time I have a dream or if i get horny and just wanna. All the characters in this story are loosely based off of friends and other people in my life and I’ll give short Descriptions whenever a mildly important character pops up in a chapter. Final thingy, if my grammar is shit, please understand I'm a stressed college student and this is my escape from reality. Please enjoy!

Me/Ellie: 19 years old

- 5’4 and 145lbs

- cis lesbian

- Art Major

- no bitches as of yet

- brown hair, brown eyes, and mildly brown skin (half Hispanic)

- B cups and a fit body with annoying big thighs

- kinda cute face with a spattering of freckles and cute lips

September 3rd, 2025

I fucking hate Wednesdays!!! I really wanna slit the throat of that bitch counselor that convinced me 9am classes weren’t awful! I have no idea how I was able to be up at 6:30 for most of high school, cause I can hardly manage to wake up at 8am nowadays.

Today was especially shitty cause me from last night forgot to set an alarm for the next morning, so when I finally did wake up it was already 8:30. Fun fact about me, 30 minutes is not enough time for me to get ready in the morning let alone the 20 minutes I’d need to be in if I wanted to get to my English class on time. As soon as my brain registered how fucked I was, I was out of bed and hurriedly getting dressed. My favorite light brown cargo pants, a sports bra, the most basic black crop top that matched the faded black hoodie that one girl I drunkenly invited over last week had left in my dorm, along with my favorite grayish-blue converse that seemingly fit every outfit would do for today.

I rushed to the bathroom that the six girls in the rooms around me all shared and thanked the lord when nobody else was in there. Despite my slight nagging need to pee I didn’t even think about the toilet and just started my skincare routine and make up that I can never seem to do in less than 15 minutes. As soon as that was done I grabbed my book bag and ran off to my class.

I arrived about 5 minutes early and finally was able to relax. I go to a smaller college so there was only about 30 students in this particular class and I wasn’t the last one to get there so I was at least a little happy with myself. As I waited for the professor my bladder gave a little notice to me that I indeed, had not gone pee this morning. I honestly wasn’t concerned about that though, It wasn’t like i didn’t like the feeling. Ever since I had started school again I hadn’t been doing anything pee related, so, i choose to hold it. I wasn’t looking to full on piss myself but a little hold couldn’t be that bad…

Around a hour and a half later the professor gave the class a short 10 minute break. At this point my need had barely increased so i thought “if I'm actually doing this, I'm gonna do it right” so i went to the little cafe nook one building over and got myself a large chi tea that was entirely too expensive. Over the next hour of class I drank the whole thing along with my water bottle I had put in my bag.

By the time 11:30 rolled around I needed to pee fairly bad. The pressure was at the stage between a pleasant little feeling to begin a bit painful if i moved wrong. As someone who had not held since early summer i was honestly pretty exhilarated. My little holding game wasn’t the only thing on my mind though. That cute chick from last week whose sweater I was currently wearing finally texted me back!

Cute Girl: Heyyy

Me: hi

Her: U doin much???

Me: na, just got out of class

Her: Cool… umm, sorry i didn’t text you back! I didn’t wanna seem too… yk…

Me: its chill

Her: Im bored!!! Can i come over? I was waiting to get my Hoodie back

Me: yeah, I’ll be there in like 5

Her: OKI!!! :3

I slid my phone into my bag and smiled to myself. Once again I have got a girl to like me, maybe, I hope. When I got back to my dorm she thankfully wasn’t around so I took that opportunity to clean up a bit. My room was slightly messy with random bits of clothing and emotional support stuffed animals strewn across my hardwood floor. After the tea I had finished back in class my bladder had started to fill at a much faster pace but I hadn’t even registered that fact cause I was too busy thinking about the cutesy girl that was about to be at my door.

I had fully cleaned up, or more accurately shoved random shit in drawers, and was in the process of fixing my hair in my desk top mirror when a light nock came from my door. I scrambled out of my desk chair and pulled open the door, coming off way more eager than I meant to be. The cute girl stood in-front of me in the cutest white dress with strawberry print. She had a cat shaped hair pin holding back long auburn hair into a tighty bun.

“Hi… umm” fuck… I never got a name from her, really?? We were both a little drunk but fuck, was I really that shit at this whole dating thing?

“Hi… how you doing?…” She looked at me with deep blue eyes that looked almost sad. Or longing? I don’t know how to read facial expressions!

”Good, ummm… come in?” I awkwardly stepped aside and she walked in before tuning to me with a small smirk.

“Is that mine?” She pointed to the worn hoodie I had put on this morning. I looked down at the jacket and back up at her.

“Not anymore!” I slammed the door way too hard and flopped down on my bed, trying to hide how crummy that weird coming out of my mouth. She giggled a little and carefully sad down on the bed next to me.

”I suppose I did leave it here so I guess you get to choose what happens to it.” I nervously nodded and tried to laugh it off my stupid comment but as soon as I did my bladder immediately let me know I should’ve neglected it. I immediately went quiet and tensed up.

“You ok?” She asked. I nodded, but I very clearly wasn’t. I didn’t have a particularly strong or large bladder to begin with and with all the liquid I had drank during English class that was becoming stunningly clear. I stat up and crossed my legs, trying my best to not get this girl to catch onto what was going on. Even with having a piss kink I was really pee shy and obviously unwilling to let her know what was definitely not completely ok.

The next half hour was full of boring small talk and me increasingly getting fidgety. It wasn’t until I finally had to slip a hand between my legs to stop a leak before she said something.

“You need to pee?”

“What?… no!…” I waved away the idea with my open hand and tried to put the other out of between my legs before immediately realizing how bad of an idea that would be and shoving it right back in.

“You should really go to the bathroom… like seriously, I can’t wait but you clearly can’t…” She looked a little concerned but I wasn’t willing to budge... Or, at least I wasn’t until a jet of pee spirted into my panties. As soon as that happened my inner Olympic track star took center stage and I bolted for the door. I practically ripped that thing off its hinges as I rushed to the joint bathroom. Four heavy steps later I was in-front of the bathroom door. I could practically taste relief. I triumphantly turned the handle and… nothing… I tried again and again before I resorted to banging on it like a jack hammer.

“Occupied!!!” I knew that voice… it was my neighbor!!!

“Piper??! Can I please come in?!!?”

“Ummmm, Fuck no!? I’m in the shower!!” My brain finally registered the noise of water on tile that could clearly be heard through the thin door that I had surprisingly not broken down yet.

“Please!!! I really need to pee!!! I promise I won’t look past the shower curtain!!”

”It’s a glass shower! I’m not letting you in!! I’ll get you from your room in a few minutes after in done!” I was nearly crying at this point, I quickly hobbled back to my room as small blissful leeks found a way out of me. As soon as I got to my room I went to my toiletries drawer and desperately grabbed a handful of pads. Deep down I knew the idea in my head wasn’t going to work but I was too desperate to wait for the toilet. My brain had fully tuned out misses mini dress behind me. My eyes blurred as I tried unwrapping the pads one handed with my other hand firmly pressing on my crotch. I had grabbed 5 pads to begin with but in my attempt to unwrap them I had dropped all but one. I fumbled with the wax paper, even attempting to use my teeth to pull it off, and then, I felt it…

A wonderful blossom of warmth flooded my pants. My fingers that had frantically been trying to do the impossible now clutched the half exposed pad like my life depended on it. My knees slowly delivered me to the floor as my body was completely overwhelmed with relief. I had jammed my hand so far between my legs that the cuff of the cute girl’s sweatshirt started to soak up a bit of my warm piss. About thirty seconds later my body finally recovered control. I hadn’t fully relieved myself but I still felt like a massive weight had been lifted off of me. I didn’t finally snap back to reality until a voice that I had grown quite familiar over the last hour interrupted my bliss.

“Fuck it!! Keep the sweeter! Im out! You’re fucking disgusting!” A few loud steps followed as the girl I had been trying to seduce left me in a puddle of shame. Tears welled in my eyes and for the first time since the freshman year of high school, I started to actually cry. I had no idea how long I just sat there and cried for but I must have been a while. I had fully tuned out the sound of the shower shutting off, or the bathroom door opening. I couldn’t hear anything except for my cries until a new, far more caring voice filled the room.

“Ellie? Your door is open so I'm coming in!~ I’m done with my shower now so you an go p-… Oh shit… You alright?” I stop my crying for a second to turn around and see who the voice was coming from. Even though my blurred vision I could make out the form of the curvy girl next door wrapped in a towel. If I wasn’t surrounded by a puddle of my own pee I probably would have made some crude joke but in my state I could hardly look at her for more than a second before going back to balling my eyes out.

Lemme know if this is good enough for a part 2, I'm already have an idea of where i wanna go with this. I know I know a pretty bad writer so i understand if y'all hate this. I hope y'all kinda enjoyed and have a good rest of your day!

*005*2025-10-19 06:04

Hey ya’ll, I finally got time to actually write an update so that’s what this is obviously. I think I’ma distance this a little more from my actual life and just kinda have the world loosely based on my world. Anyway, hope people continue to enjoy and all that jazz. BTW, Piper is going to be a bit more important in the story now so I’ma right a character profile!~

Piper: 18 years old

- 5’6 and 165lb

- cis woman

- sexuality unknown

- super kind but will still tease people for fun

- biology major (super smart)

- pale skin with blue eyes, light brown hair, curvy build, and adorable little nose

- biggish boobs, like close to a D cup

September 6th, 2025

Usually I’d be happy to finally make it to the weekend but honestly after Wednesdays… incident… I still feel weird. I tried texting that cute girl back but she probably blocked cause i haven’t heard from her since. Thankfully, I had someone else to help me through that whole fucked up situation.

After finding me covered in my own pee Piper chose to help rather than run away in disgust. Despite the extra embarrassment, having someone by my side during the aftermath of my little adventure was really nice. After changing out of just a towel Piper made sure I could get to the shower without anyone else seeing my pee soaked clothes. She even mopped up the puddle in my room for me which, although a little mortifying, was greatly appreciated. Her help made an extremely embarrassing and borderline traumatizing event far more bearable.

Over the last two days we started taking a bit more, she even invited me over to watch movies and study a bit after classes last night. That being said, I wasn’t at all surprised to see a text from her asking if I wanted to hang out when I woke up this morning. We were kinda each other's first college friends so it kinda made sense for us to hang out more. I shot back a quick text letting her know I was down then I started up my usual morning routine.

About an hour later I was in the passenger seat of Piper’s old black pickup truck that her and her dad had apparently restored together while she was still in high-school. That little tidbit was the first thing she told me when I sat down and the one sided conversation that followed felt like she was telling me her whole life story. I eventually tuned her out after she mentioned that fact that she played volleyball in middle school for the third time. I watched out my window as the truck weaved its way through forested foothills. 

I had no idea where we were going but I was happy no matter what, just being off campus for a day was appreciated. I had dressed up all cute in an adorable black mini dress, thin black tights, light gray converse, and a warm flannel my grandma had bought me when I came out as a lesbian. It’s safe to say, I was expecting a nice chill day out with a friend. Maybe we’d go to see a movie, or chill at an art gallery, or maybe a cute nature walk to look at the fall colors… Oh my god, what if this was a date! What if she liked me! Maybe Wednesdays piss disaster had a silver lining!

Eventually I felt the truck make a turn into a parking lot and i finally snapped back to reality.

“This it?” I asked with a good healthy amount of skepticism.

“Yes Ma’am!” She stopped the truck in-front of a small run down diner in the middle of fucking nowhere.

“This feels like somewhere where college girls go to get murdered…” I say with an apprehensive tone.

“I guess so… but the pancakes are totally worth the drive and whatever weird vibes you’re getting, trust me!” She opened the slightly creaky driver side door and jumped out before gesturing for me to follow. I sighed a bit and got out of her truck a tiny bit disappointed. I had really gotten all dressed up just to get dinner food… cool…

The inside of the restaurant was way more welcoming than the worn exterior led on, I suppose every diner is kinda like that. Based on the wonderful smell Piper was seemingly spot on about the food. A kind looking rosy cheeked lady greeted us and led us to a cracked pho- leather booth before getting our drink order. After some pestering, Piper convinced me into getting a strawberry milkshake and she got a raspberry lemonade for herself.

“I would have been fine with just a water you know…” I lightly teased her from across the table.

“Na, you definitely seem like you wanted a milk shake~” She shot back with a wink.

“What is that suppose to mean!!!”

She sighs and smiles. “Just trust me, you are going to love it.”

We start talking back and forth she mentions how she found this place when she toured our college a few years ago and it is what pushed her to making the final decision to go to school here. I told her about how it reminded me of a place back where I grew up when I was a kid that closed down a while ago. Everything was going well, our drinks came, I tasted the milk shake and it was legitimately the best shake I have ever had, and we both ordered food. One large blueberry waffle with a side of bacon for me, and a stack of 3 pancakes for her.

“So like, is it weird if i ask about that the other night.” She asked carefully after the waitress had gone.

“Like the studying of the movie?”

“No, like, the other other night… you know…”

My eyes go wide “Ummm, what do you mean…?” A light blush washes over my face.

She sighs. “Like the girl, and the banging, and the… well you know…”

I chew on my lip a little and fidget with the hem of my dress. “It was nothing…”

“It sure as hell didn’t seem like nothing. Now spill, tell me about the girl at least.”

I clench my fists lightly and look down at my lap. “She was just a friend…”

“BS, a friend would have stayed and helped.”

I tense up a bit more. “Fine, we met at a party a while ago and…”

“And you were trying to get her to like you~” Piper teased.

I blush a bit and nod. “Trying…”

“That’s kinda cute. Was it like just friends of where you trying to do something else~”

I relax and just look Piper in the eyes. “Honestly, it was something else but that’s not really your damn business.” I take another drink of my shake, trying to make it seem like this conversation was over.

She smirks “But what if I want something else with you to. Would it be my business then?~”

I choke on my drink a little and cough. “Are you being serious?!”

She laughs a bit “Maybe, maybe not, I guess you are just going to have to find out.~”

”Or you could just tell me!!”

“Mmmmm, but thats no fun~”

“Just shut up then!” I say, all blushy and worked up.

“Fine.” She leans back “seriously though, are you gay or am I dumb?”

“Not dumb…” i say under my breath.

“What was that?”

“Nothing! Why don’t you tell me more about your home town?” And with that, I seamed to have flipped a switch. No more questions about the most mortifying moment of my life and just a constant stream of fun facts about herself. I suppose her being a bit self absorbed wasn’t all bad after all.

We spent about another hour and a half in there eating and talking. The food was pretty good, not quite as impressive as the milkshake but still tasty. Actually, about the shake, apparently they gave me the whole other cup of it in a little metal mixer and I hadn’t even realized till Piper pointed it out. I don’t order milkshakes a-lot so I don’t know if that’s like, a common thing of if this place was just that fucking awesome but I was more than happy with my drink. I tried to convince Piper to let me pay but she insisted that this was her treat, she wouldn’t even let me do the tip.

It was a bit past noon by the time we got back into her truck. We had agreed to just head back to campus and play video games and stuff together. I hadn’t realized it on the drive there, but we had driven damn near a hour just for breakfast, I guess that’s just America for you…

The drive back was a good bit quieter. Piper had turned on the radio and neither of us talked much. I was kinda thankful for that because that shake along with whatever i drank last night was starting to hit my bladder hard. It had only taken 5 minutes for me to realize and only another 20 for it to get bad. By the half way point I was seriously getting desperate.

“Do we need to stop for gas any time soon?” I ask while trying to discreetly squeeze my crotch.

“Na, the gas tank is huge. Any reason you asking?”

“Mmm, nope! I’m just surprised it’s going this far without stopping for fuel!” I giggle nervously and go back to focusing on myself.

The stop and go traffic of the suburbs surrounding campus were not helping. Every time Piper pumped on the breaks for a red light the old timey lap belts and slippery bench seat created a combination that constantly squeezed the bejesus out of my poor full bladder. It was about 10 minutes from our dorm when some dumb ass cut us off, causing Piper to slam on the breaks, and causing my lap belt to squeeze my bladder so hard I knew it would have actually exploded if a couple second squirt hadn’t come out. I tried my best to hold myself in place, I even considered undoing my belt, but I had a feeling that would just lead me to sliding all over the seat which seemed like a bad option within itself.

By the time we pulled into our dorm parking lot I knew that both my panties and the back of my skirt where covered in piss. I just hopped that the seat underneath me was mostly dry.

If It was just me, in my own car, with no one else around, I’d think this was all pretty hot. Unfortunately, Piper was right fucking there and, on top of that, I was in her truck that I now know is kinda her baby. I'm really not keen on the idea of pissing inside of her baby.

As soon as the truck stops I immediately remove the tortuous lap belt, finally I can get out of my old timey prison. I hear Piper say something but I can’t make it out in my rush to get into the building and onto a toilet. I get to the door and reach into my pocket for my key… that isn’t there.

I’ma be a bitch and stop there for now >:3. Lemme know what ya’ll think should happen. I’m tired and it’s late so I’ma sleep. I’ll post an update within the next 48 hours, I promise. Hope ya’ll enjoyed! Happy holding!!

