Getting revenge on the landlord

Author: sspz

*000*2018-06-17 23:41

[Content note: lots and lots of deliberate peeing on floors and things, desperation and wetting, standing pee, alcohol]

It started with a letter, and ended up with the most pee I have ever seen in one place. Now I've got your attention, let's start at the beginning.

I'm sitting on the ratty couch in our rented apartment. It's midsummer, and the air is stifling. The aircon is broken, and since we're moving out, we decided not to have the usual fight with our awful landlord to get it repaired. The windows are wide open, but it's still way too hot, so I'm naked; and it's too hot to think, so I'm watching trashy TV.

My best friend and housemate Tasha walks in, also naked. We long ago got over our fear of being nude around each other - live with someone for five years and you see way worse, anyway, especially when you both have a habit of excitedly bursting into the other person's room to tell them about something awesome you just saw online.

Tasha's carrying an envelope. She thumps down on the couch beside me, rips it open, extracts the letter, reads. A few seconds later she lets out an impressive fusillade of swearwords, and tries to throw the letter across the room. (Being paper, it just swirls up into the stale air, gyrates a bit, and lands on the floor in front of her.) "That absolute bastard!"

I can't decide whether to be amused at Tasha, or furious at our landlord. "I take it we're not getting our deposit back, then?"

"Not only that, but he says our contract included a $500 cleaning fee and he'll be billing us! After we spent two days cleaning the apartment..."

We've spent the last five years battling against Norman, our scumbag of a landlord. We probably should have known when the apartment was suspiciously affordable, but we've had to put in so much of our own money over the years to replace things that he refused to take care of, hire emergency plumbers, repair bits of floor that fell apart when we stepped on them.

Tasha rips the envelope into little pieces. "Fuck him. We need an elaborate plan of revenge."

"Yes. But it's too hot for making elaborate plans. I for one am going to continue watching shitty TV until this evening, then I propose that we go out and get wrecked to commiserate."

"...fine. I think you're right. Other than burning the place down, I can't think of anything right now."

"I mean, it's tempting, but no. Okay. Do you wanna watch America's Strangest Cakes, or Accountancy Warriors?"

###

Three hours later, and five episodes deep into the repeated third season of Accountancy Warriors, we're slumped even deeper on the couch. I'm trying to distract myself with the show, and forget about the fact that I really could use that deposit back, but it isn't really working. Next to me, Tasha groans.

"What's up, roomie?"

She crosses her legs. "I am feeling so lazy and I don't wanna get up, but I'm really thirsty, and also I am absolutely bursting for a pee."

"Maybe you should just pee on the couch. It's Norman's, after all, and we're going to pay for cleaning it either way."

"Nah. We've still got a week here before we can move into the new place, and I don't want to live with a pee'd-on couch for a week in this weather. Otherwise, totally."

"Pity. I would have joined you, too. I'd love to see Norman's face if he came to inspect the flat and just found two big stains on the cushions."

"Maybe we should do it after we're moved out?"

I pause. "Tasha, I think I might have an idea. Let's think big, right? I want to really screw Norman over, and just a couch isn't big enough."

She turns and raises an eyebrow. "I am intrigued. Tell me more."

###

We spent the evening in the local bar making plans, creating a Facebook event, and inviting our closest girlfriends - at least, those who we reckon will be okay with the strangeness of the party.

The next week passes in a blur of packing, recruiting friends with cars, loading, unloading, and setting up the new apartment. The new place is ... well, not gorgeous, but at least it probably doesn't have rats, and the AC works, and the appliances don't look like they'll catch fire or leak all over the floor. We've gotten pretty good at knowing what to look for. Burn marks are a dead giveaway.

On the eve of the party, Tasha and I are waiting in the now-bare kitchen with red cups of cheap white wine. She looks stunning - for a change, she's let her hair loose so the black wavy hair flows down her back, and the loose shimmery top and denim skirt look great against her dark skin.

I feel kinda odd in my little black dress, last worn years ago - it still fits over my skinny frame, but the I-have-no-boobs sensation that it always gave me is still there. I dyed my short hair a crazy acid yellow for the occasion, and gelled it up into vicious spikes. I feel badass. I also feel slightly drafty: to make this evening's activities more convenient, I'm not wearing any panties.

"Do you think this will work?" Tasha asks, and takes a nervous gulp of her wine.

"You mean, like, will everybody be too nervous to take part? I have no idea. I mean, if not, it'll just be a nice going-away party."

"Yeah, that's true." She wiggles a bit. "Okay, I actually need to go already. Typical. It's that thing about not being within range of a toilet and suddenly realizing you need a pee..."

Across the hall, we can see into our tiny dingy bathroom, with its wallpaper peeling away from the wall. The toilet seat is up, and a layer of hazard tape covers the bowl. In the middle is a sign I printed out that says 'Break tape in case of emergency.'

"Yeah, me too, a bit. But I don't intend to start the party until a few more people are here..."

As if on cue, there's a knock on the door.

###

Half an hour later, we're all gathered in the living room, about twenty of us - friends from school, college, the local bohemian scene. Nobody from work or family - that would be just too weird. Small talk has been made, drinks have been served, and outfits admired. Despite the fancy clothes, there seems to be a strange mismatch of footwear: cheap sneakers, flip-flops, and even quite a few sets of rubber boots.

I'm standing in the center of the room - it's time to announce the party rules.

"Friends! As you saw on the Facebook invite, I have gathered you here for a weird and wonderful revenge on our asshole landlord. He's refused to give us back our deposit on this flat, and we've been stuck with a cleaning bill too, so we figured we might as well do something to deserve it. You may have noticed that the bathroom is out of commission. That's because this whole flat is now your bathroom. We've removed everything of ours from it, so other than the booze and red cups, whatever's left belongs to Norman. Pissing in front of others is not only allowed, but positively encouraged, but if you're bladder-shy, then please do feel free to find an out-of-the-way corner that Norman will never find. Don't pee on actual people, unless they consent, obviously. Go forth and pee on everything!"

Tasha walks out beside me, grins, and says "Right, I'll start, 'cos I'm bursting!"

She hikes up her denim skirt, pulls down her white panties, squats, and frowns. "You know, I thought this would be easier. Performance anxiety's not normally my thing ... ahhhh."

A smile of relief spreads over her face as a thick stream hisses forth, hitting the carpet with a loud drumming sound that quickly turns to splashing as a puddle forms underneath her.

The room is almost silent. She looks around, still peeing. "Talk amongst yourselves, people!"

There's laughter, and the conversation resumes. Tasha pees for what seems like an age, trailing off into little squirts and drips, then frowns again. "Jenny," she says, looking up at me, "... I don't suppose you could get me a bit of toilet paper?"

I giggle. "Silly thing. That's why I'm not wearing panties."

"Dammit, I should have thought about that! Still. TP, please?"

I grab her some, hand it to her, and she wipes, stands, pulls up her panties, pulls down her skirt. Once done, she looks down at the large puddle beneath her, dark grey standing out against the light grey-brown of the worn carpet. She smiles widely and raises both middle fingers to it. "Fuck you, Norman, buddy."

###

The revenge starts out slow. Even though everybody who attended knew about this in advance, it's one thing to agree to pee in front of all of your friends, and another thing to do it.

It's another half hour before I pee - pulling up my little black dress and squatting in the corner of the living room. It takes me a while to get going, even though by now I'm bursting, but once I'm done I am deeply satisfied with the puddle I've made, and feeling very naughty. It's the first time I've peed on a carpet since I was a little girl, and it's strangely freeing.

As the empties of beer and wine stack up, and our friends get less inhibited, the pee starts to flow more freely. A couple more people visit the corner that I watered. I see a few people emerging from hall cupboards adjusting their clothing. One or two people decide that they'll use the bathroom, even though the toilet is blocked off - one perches on the edge of the bath and pees in the tub, and the other just makes a large puddle on the floor.

Three hours into the party, Celine, our favourite butch lesbian friend, drops her jeans and takes a long standing piss against the living room wall, getting a round of applause for her performance. Laughing, she tells the room that she learned to pee standing up years ago, to make life easier when hiking, and also just to prove that she could do it as well as any man. She's watered many trees, but this is the first time she's done it inside.

After that, people start getting more bold.

###

"Where are you going to desecrate next?" Tasha asks me, propped up against the kitchen wall. I grab another bottle of beer and open it by slamming the cap against the edge of the worktop, noticing with pleasure that it leaves quite a mark.

"Not sure. I feel like, as a host, my pee should go somewhere special."

Tasha turns and kicks one of the kitchen cupboards. The door falls off, as it has done for nearly five years.

"Think you could pee in there? It's properly symbolic, like, given how it was the first thing he refused to repair."

I giggle. "God knows. I could try, though!"

I put my beer on the counter, pull my skirt up, and stop to think. "I've never tried peeing sideways before. It's not a skill I've ever needed."

"You've never needed to pee out of a moving vehicle?"

I raise an eyebrow at Tasha. "No, roomie, I never have. So, uh, how and when and why?"

"Remember my old band? And our beaten-up van? Well, put it this way: we drunk a lot of beer when we were riding in it, and why stop when you can just open the back door and let fly? I completely wet myself the first couple of times, but after a while I got pretty good at it."

"What about drivers behind you?"

"It was mostly on quiet roads at night. Well, there was that one time that this truck driver was tailgating us for miles, so I opened the back door, dropped my pants, and pissed in his general direction... I didn't manage to hit the truck, but he kept his distance after that! Anyway, go pee in your cupboard."

Tasha has always been much more hardcore than me.

I half-stand, half-crouch in front of the cupboard and bend almost double so my ass is pointing into it. It takes a while to convince my bursting bladder to let go in this position. The first few spurts just go straight down, but once I've got a decent flow going, I can hear that my stream has stopped hitting the kitchen floor and is splashing into the inside of the cupboard.

Once I'm done, I straighten up, shake the last few drops off, smooth my skirt down, and turn to look at my achievement. The inside of the cupboard is completely flooded - it looked like I managed to soak all the way to the back - and there's a small puddle on the kitchen floor in front of it. Echoing Tasha's earlier gesture, I give it the finger. "Damn, but revenge feels good."

###

By 2am, people are embracing the party. Quite a few friends are sitting on the living room floor in the middle of large puddles, dresses up or skirts off, deep in conversation with others and letting go whenever they feel like. Celine's wall has become a mini pissing contest, people trying to beat her height record. So far nobody's succeeded, and there's a big damp spot in front of it from those who found that peeing standing up was harder than they expected.

I'm standing in the corner of the living room talking to Briar, one of my oldest friends. She's looking fabulous in a long peacock-coloured dress that hangs just off the floor, long blonde hair tied back in an elegant ponytail. I say something witty, and she laughs, then grimaces.

"Aaah, sorry, please excuse me," she mutters, pushing one hand between her legs and bending forwards a bit. A few seconds later when she straightens up, she's blushing. She doesn't remove her hand.

"Briar... have you not peed all evening?"

"No..."

"Aw, love. What's up?"

"I tried to go earlier, but when I got my bum out in front of everybody I just got super shy and froze up and couldn't go and now I need to wee so bad!"

I give her a gentle hug, careful not to bump her bladder. "Relax. Go in a cupboard maybe? Or in our old bedroom? It was empty when I last looked."

"There are people in the bedroom now. And I just felt super weird about weeing in a cupboard."

"Okay. I don't want to see you in pain. If you really need to go, just take the tape off the toilet and use it. Rules are meant to be broken, right?"

She smiles, slightly weakly. "Right. But... I don't know if I can walk now without wetting myself."

"Darling, you are in a living room full of half-naked people peeing on the floor. Nobody's going to mind if you wet yourself."

"I know, but ... yeah. I never thought I'd be this shy when I signed up! I'm sorry..."

My arms still around her, she buries her face in my shoulder.

"It's okay, it's okay. Remember this is just a revenge party, not some deep-seated dream of ours that you're spoiling."

I continue hugging her for a while, neither of us saying anything. After a bit, she takes her hand out of her crotch. After a little longer, she adjusts her dress. A few seconds after that, I can hear a very faint hissing noise, and droplets hitting the floor.

A minute later: "Jenny?"

"Yes?"

"I wee'd in my panties."

I give her a squeeze.

"Are you okay?"

"Mmhm. I feel better now. Does it show on my dress?"

I let her go and step back, gesturing for her to spin round.

"Nah, you're alright. Nothing showing at all."

She giggles a bit. "Okay. That's actually pretty cool, knowing that I can just wee whenever I feel like it in this dress."

"Yeah," I say, and look down. "Okay, you really did need to go."

She takes a step back and smiles. "Yeah, that's quite a puddle."

"Do you need to go take your panties off? I can give you fresh ones if you want."

"I'll go take them off, but ... you know, I think I might just not wear any. I think I'll need to wee again, and I think I'll be alright just standing in a corner and letting go under cover of my dress."

I give her a gentle kiss on the cheek and leave to mingle with the rest of the partygoers.

###

The couch is the last thing to be sullied, since people have been sitting on it all night. At 5am, most people have left, and it's just Tasha, Briar, Celine and myself sitting on the couch listening to music.

As one song comes to an end, we sip our beers and regard the wonderful mess we've made. The carpet is mostly dark now, with only a few dry areas. Celine's wall is thoroughly wet, up to an impressive level. The rest of the apartment is similar. Tasha and I have spent the evening marking significant locations - the spot where the drier used to be before it caught fire, for instance. Briar's panties, rinsed and drying, are hanging in our bedroom.

"Well," Tasha says, "I think Norman's going to have a heart attack when he walks in the door tomorrow."

I smile. "I think you might be right."

"There's one thing we haven't done yet." She looks around. "Who needs to pee?"

All four of us raise our hands.

"Excellent. So this couch is still way too clean..."

Tasha and I hike up our skirts. Celine takes off her jeans. Briar rolls her dress up, revealing her long legs.

"Bri, I thought you weren't up for exposing yourself?"

"Yeah, but it's different when it's just you three."

"Fair enough. Okay, let's do this."

Tasha and I start peeing where we sit. Celine gets off the couch, turns round, uses her hand to spread herself, and lets loose an arcing stream of pee that hits the back of the couch. Briar shifts her bum to the arm of the couch so she's not sitting on it; it takes her several seconds of concentration, but eventually a trickle of pee starts sprinkling the couch.

I relax back into the ratty seat cushions, looking down between my legs at the little pond that's building up. The warm wetness feels surprisingly good against my crotch.

Tasha finishes first, and lifts herself up a bit; her puddle of pee runs out from between her legs and soaks the rest of the cushion. Celine is next, then me. I nearly go to lift myself like Tasha, but something stops me - I'm finding myself really quite enjoying sitting in my own puddle.

Eventually, it's just Briar left, slowly wetting the couch from her perch upon the arm. She's looking at us, blushing madly but smiling too. Then she's done, and she pulls her dress back down and sits demurely on the dry part of her cushion.

We're all silent for a second.

"Hey," Briar says. "I did a wee in front of you all."

"Yes you did," I smile.

"I kinda feel like that's significant somehow. Like I've gained a skill?" She giggles.

By now most of my pee has soaked into my seat cushion, so I shift forward and grab my beer, then thump back into the couch.

"Time to go?"

"Time to go," Tasha says. "But forever we shall remember ... we have done a momentous thing. And fuck Norman. He's gonna be so pissed."

