Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*018*2022-03-19 20:06

Alex had gotten a call from his Mom, whom wanted him and Adam to look after his little siblings for a few hours while she and his grandmother were both out. Alex, of course, was delighted to help out. He loved his little siblings, and Adam was good with kids as well.

Alex was only concerned about ONE thing; His youngest sister, Mary was in the process of potty training, and right now it wasn’t going too well. She’d gotten a urinary tract infection over the course of the process, it had cleared up quickly, but now she was scared to try using the potty chair again.

Alex understood it perfectly well, the first time she’d felt pain was when she was using the potty instead of a diaper. Alex may have been a pretty experienced childcare provider thanks to his many siblings, but he didn’t even need all that expertise to be able to figure out that Mary now associated sitting on the potty with being hurt.

Mom had asked him and Adam to do what they could to help her get over her phobia. “My brother and I,” Adam said as they started driving. “I’m not that much older than him. I don’t remember much about when he was getting potty trained.”

Alex could remember the process for some of his littlest siblings, but the two born right after him he couldn’t recall very many details for. About the only thing he really COULD remember was a sort of embarrassing story involving Jed, his brother that was barely a year younger than him. “Um… Jed and I, we were so close together in age that I remember they just trained us together. Papa only got one potty chair, and we used to argue over it for so long that… er… neither of us would actually make it in time…” He blushed, then frowned. The next part of the story wasn’t as funny. “Papa always got so mad…He yelled.”

Adam frowned as well. It unnerved him that Alex’s father would choose to buy only one of such an essential item, and then get angry when a couple of toddlers had trouble managing that properly. What had he expected to happen? “Um… Well… The image of Little-Alex shouting at his brother that he NEEDS to go first is sort of cute.” He laughed. “I have only ever seen you fight with Patience, and that was when she was being mean to me. I’ve never seen you argue with your siblings otherwise.”

Alex nodded. Since he was the oldest of the family, he’d always been told it was his responsibility to look after everyone else, and to always be kind. It helped that, for the most part, his siblings were good and easy kids. If it wasn’t for Papa’s alleged ‘lessons’ sinking in too deeply for Jed and Patience, he was sure they’d still be close, too. “Y—Yeah,” Alex agreed. “I hate fighting with them. I love them all too much.”

“Heh,” Adam grinned. “Poor Little-Alex must have really had to go all those times then, huh?”

Alex blushed even more, “I— I WAS just a kid then, you know? I couldn’t wait for long, and sometimes I forgot to—“ Alex stopped, what he was about to say suddenly prompted him to run through everything he’d done this morning.

He’d woken up.

He’d gotten the call from his Mom.

He’d agreed to come over.

He’d told Adam.

He’d gotten into the car.

Alex had missed an important step through all of that… “I forgot to go…” he mumbled. And, now he was starting to notice that he needed to quite a bit. So far, he’d been able to ignore the little bit of tingling taking place at his opening, but now that he’d fully acknowledged it, the sensation was insistent!

“Aw, I know,” Adam said, and at first Alex was embarrassed because he thought Adam had for some reason been monitoring him that morning to make sure he peed. But, then he added; “All kids do that, I’m only teasing you.”

Alex wanted to correct Adam, say “I meant this morning. I forgot to go THIS morning, and I need to now.” It was a long drive out to where Alex’s Mom and Grandmother lived with his siblings, and Alex was sure it wouldn’t be a very comfortable one if there wasn’t a pee stop along the way.

However, asking for a bathroom stop in the midst of THIS conversation would feel humiliating. Alex could easily hold it a while longer, and there were plenty of locations to stop between here and their destination if he got desperate. Just, as soon as Adam had stopped thinking about how Little-Alex had a habit of forgetting to go pee. After that, Big-Alex could say that HE’D forgotten to go pee without having to feel so awkward about it.

Alex bounced a knee and looked out the window as they drove past a gas station, his still filling bladder sending a tiny, little spasm through him at the sight. He’d relieved himself there a couple times, it was impressively clean for a gas station toilet. That was actually one of the first places he’d peed into a urinal in. He remembered how amazing that had felt, and how he’d laughed afterwards at how silly it was that peeing into a stand-up toilet had delighted him so much. He remembered Adam messing with his hair and laughing with him, agreeing that it felt really good to be able to do that.

Mostly, Alex remembered how his bladder had been empty… And that, currently, it wasn’t. Currently, his bladder was uncomfortably full and getting fuller by the minute. His knee started to bounce a little faster.

Adam was nervous from Alex’s sudden silence. He hoped he hadn’t gone too far with the teasing, he really hadn’t meant to hurt the guy’s feelings. He honestly just liked hearing the cute stories about Alex’s childhood. There were just so many that WEREN’T cute that it was nice when one turned up that was… “Um… I’ve got lots of embarrassing stories like that, too,” Adam said finally.

“Hm?”

“You know, times I held it too long,” Adam said. “You already saw what happened that time my zipper got stuck,” he added, pointedly skipping over the accident they’d BOTH had while caught in traffic that one day. “But, there are others you weren’t there for. Like, in sixth grade, back before I was being homeschooled; There were these super sour liquid candy things that got really popular. They came in these pretty small bottles, and kids at school would, like, dare each other to drink a lot all at once without cringing from how sour they were…”

Alex nodded, but he kept looking out the window. There was a corner store; Probably one with a vacant urinal… His knee bounced harder and harder, and when he saw Adam look at it, Alex gripped it harshly with his hand, digging his nails in as he tried to make it go still.

“An—Anyway,” Adam said. “I loved these candies a lot, and I was, like, the best at chugging them. My classmates were actually really impressed. So, one morning before school, I wanted to show off, and I just… Pounded like fifteen of the things, one right after the other. And, the thing was, all the other times we’d played this game, it had been AFTER school and I’d gone straight home, where I could just use the bathroom whenever I felt like it. And the ride home from school was super short, too. So, I’d never actually NOTICED that something in those candies just makes them… Shoot RIGHT through you. But, one thing I HAD noticed was, of course, the sour stuff kinda burns your tongue and throat a bit and makes you thirsty. So, after downing all those things, I went to the water fountain and drank for a pretty long time.”

Alex tried to smile. If Adam had been telling a story about ANYTHING else, it would have made for a good distraction. At the moment, a story about peeing was the last thing Alex’s bladder wanted to be subjected to. The liquid inside him twisted and churned as he imagined where Adam’s tale was no doubt headed.

“Then, I go to my first class,” Adam said. “Halfway through, I seriously needed to go. I was a little surprised, because I just went before school and it hadn’t been that long. But, we were just watching a movie in that class that day, so I was sure I could get permission to go. I ask the teacher and—“ He stopped. “I dunno if you know this, since you were homeschooled your whole life, but sometimes teachers do this whole ‘Is it an EMERGENCY?’ thing. And, they seriously ALWAYS say it really loudly and it’s SO embarrassing, because then you end up having to admit to the whole room that you’ve REALLY gotta go.”

Curiously, Alex felt his own face turning red, even though Adam’s actually wasn’t. Alex had never been in a regular classroom, had never had a teacher condescendingly ask him if he could hold it, had never had to admit to them that no, he really couldn’t. But, somehow just imagining the humiliation Adam must have felt back then made Alex feel it too…

“And,” Adam said. “By that point, I am really squirming, so I have no choice but to be like ‘Yes, it is.’ And, she lets me go, thankfully. This was before I had an STP, and I swear I barely even sat down in time. I actually remember thinking ‘I wish I could go standing up, it takes way too long to have to pull my pants down!’”

Alex did laugh then, a memory suddenly being unlocked. His laughter caused a powerful volt of need to spark through his abdomen, and he let his legs cross at the ankles. “Oh— Oh my gosh, that just reminded me! When I was around four, I asked my Mom where my… Where my penis had gone and what I had to do to get it back!”

Adam cracked up. “And what did she say?”

“She mostly just hushed me, told me not to let Papa hear me say something like that,” Alex shrugged. “I… I honestly think Mom knew before even I did, but she was too scared of him back then to help me like she wanted to.”

Adam took Alex’s hand with the one not attached to the steering wheel. He noted that his boyfriend’s hand was tense and shaky. “Well, she helped you a lot in the end,” he said. “It’s what you do last that counts the most. She loves you, don’t worry.”

Alex squeezed Adam’s hand… It felt pretty good to be squeezing something right now, seemed to help offset the sharp little spasms that kept flaring against his opening.

“And you know what?” Adam asked. “That’s not the end of my story; those candies weren’t finished with me yet.”

“Oh no…” Alex said, smiling genuinely even as his bladder throbbed and shouted that it didn’t WANT to hear the rest of the story until after it had been emptied. He considered asking for a stop now, but a glance out the window told him that they were pretty close anyway. He was fidgeting, he definitely had to pee, but he’d have no problem waiting out the rest of the drive. He simply tensed his thighs and told himself that relief was on its way in just twenty or thirty minutes.

“Yeah, ‘oh no’,” Adam agreed. “I go back to class, sit through the rest of the thing we were watching, and then it’s time for me to go to my NEXT class. I grab up my stuff, and realize that my bladder feels kinda full again. I’m like ‘What? I JUST went!’ And, I actually walk RIGHT past a set of bathrooms on my way to the next class, but I’m thinking ‘There is no way I ACTUALLY need to go again right now, it’s gotta just be in my head. I NEVER need to go this often!’ And, I just… Go to class.”

Alex’s thighs got a little tenser. Adam’s overconfidence in his story sounded a little… Familiar, and Alex wondered if he was making a mistake by not requesting a stop. He kept his gaze fixed straight ahead… There were only a few blocks left! Mostly residential streets too, very low risk of being caught in a traffic jam. He could hold through that! It would be just silly to ask to pee NOW when they were so close!

“This day, the desks were all arranged in a circle, and the teacher’s chair was in the middle— Which means this is a day where we’re going to be doing a lot of discussion. I sit down at my desk and, like, five minutes into class I realize I have made a horrible mistake. Not only was my need REAL, it was INTENSE. I had to go, and I had to go bad. So, what SHOULD I do? I should ask for permission to leave, right? But, here’s the thing; A lot of those kids had been in my FIRST class, and they’d already heard me say I was having an emergency like, half an hour ago, and I’m way too embarrassed to say I’m having ANOTHER one in front of them.”

“Awww, poor Adam,” Alex said. Again, this sounded familiar; At the moment, Alex needed to pee pretty badly, but was too embarrassed to speak up and ask to go. Just like Adam in his story.

“So, I think; ‘No problem, I’ll hold it until the teacher passes out our worksheets for the day and goes back to her desk. Then I can go over there and ask, nice and private. No one has to hear.’ That was what usually happened on discussion days; The class would go over a topic for about fifteen minutes, then we’d be given a worksheet to fill out. I knew I could handle fifteen minutes. But, guess what?”

“What?” Alex asked, bringing one foot up onto the seat with him and leaning against his leg. He hoped the action looked casual, because the pressure of his leg against himself was helping out quite a bit…

“This was, for some unfathomable reason, the ONLY day that year that the discussion part took up the ENTIRE class!” Adam said. “It had never happened before, it never happened after. To ask for the toilet, I would have to raise my hand, interrupt everyone and admit for everybody to hear that I was dying to go after JUST peeing a little bit ago! I heard absolutely NOTHING that was said in that room that day, I just kept noticing moments where there was a lull in the conversation, when the room went quiet, and I’d be all ‘Ohhh, finally! I’m gonna get to ask soon!’ But, then it would pick back up again and I’d just have to keep holding it.”

Alex started to rock against his leg, “Um… Did you make it?”

“Yeah, I made it,” Adam said. “It was really close. There was this moment when class finally ended, and I stood up to leave and I thought for sure it was all over. Like, the sides of my vision actually started to blur, that’s how bad it was. If there wasn’t a restroom directly next to this class, I probably would have embarrassed myself a LOT more than I would have if I’d just asked to go, but luckily I made it, like, by the skin of my teeth. And, for the rest of the day, I peed between every single class, I literally just didn’t trust my bladder anymore at all. It wasn’t until I got home that I made the connection between all those candies and what had happened to me.”

“Do you… Still drink those candies?” Alex asked. If he’d put something in his body that had made him get desperate over and over for a whole day, he’d never touch it again…

“Sometimes,” Adam shrugged, then laughed. “After that, I ONLY had them if I was at home or at least close to home, though… Heh, actually, you remember that day the rabbit got out while I was at the store, and you fell in the mud trying to catch him?”

“Y…Yeah?” Alex said. He remembered that day well, how scared he’d been that their bunny would get hurt or lost if he didn’t catch up in time… He also remembered the hiss of the pouring rain pummeling against him. He remembered how loud all those splashes were. He remembered how, if he was in the rain right now, he could pee and nobody would notice… And, he put his hands around his leg, trying to pull it against his crotch even more firmly.

“Well, the store actually had a few of those candies, and I bought a couple. Drank them on my walk home, because I knew I’d be near a toilet by the time they were kicking in… Which they did right at the bottom of the apartment’s stairs. Like, I went from 0 to 10; Gotta go NOW in the span of about three seconds or something. I basically ran up the stairs, and I was jumping and twisting as I got the door open… And then the bathroom door was locked. You were showering off the mud.”

“Ohhhh,” Alex said. “I forgot about that part!”

“Y—Yeah,” Adam said. “So, now you know why the second I was home I was knocking on that door so much.”

Alex shook his head, remembering with some fondness how strange it had been to hear his usually calm and controlled boyfriend frantically pounding on the door and begging, “Alex! Alex! PLEASE let me in! I’m, like, three seconds away from wetting the carpet out here!”

But, of course, after that he remembered how he’d quickly gotten out of the shower, wrapped a towel around himself, and flung open the door. He remembered how he’d said, “Oh, Adam, are you okay? I’m sorry! I didn’t mean t—“ He remembered how Adam hadn’t waited to hear his apology, had only dropped the shopping bags, scrambled in front of the toilet and unleashed a massive, gushing stream, panting hard. He remembered how noisy that release had been, how every drop had hissed and spattered into the bowl, how Adam had moaned and thanked him repeatedly, muttering about how close a call that had been…

And all of that made Alex squirm. He bit down on his lip, shifting more and more against his leg. He had to go. He had to go. He had to go so very badly. But, they were just a couple streets away now, so close to much needed relief… He was gonna have to head STRAIGHT for the bathroom as soon as possible, but there was no question at all that he WOULD make it.

“I felt kinda bad,” Adam chuckled. “I needed to pee so much that I couldn’t pause for a second to let you know how hot you looked right out of the shower.”

Alex’s trembling calmed down for a second, “Heh… That’s okay. You’ve told me that plenty of times to make up for it.”

“But, yeah, those candies ARE really good,” Adam said. “Just, so long as you know you’ll have somewhere close by to pee after you finish them.”

Alex wasn’t so sure if he ever wanted to try that candy. He’d never felt himself go from totally fine to completely bursting with no build-up like that before, it certainly didn’t sound pleasant… Speaking of having somewhere close by to pee, though, they’d finally finished the drive.

‘Oh, thank goodness!’ Alex thought, gingerly pulling his leg away from himself. He unclasped his seatbelt, and was briefly amazed by the immediate drop in pressure within his middle. He hadn’t realized how much that thing had been strangling away at his poor bladder until it was suddenly gone. Carefully, he opened the car door and stepped out, wincing and bending at the knees as the liquid inside him pulsed feverishly downwards. Any relief that the removal of the belt brought him was immediately vanquished by the power of gravity.

Adam came around to join him. He noticed Alex’s tension and asked “Sit still for too long?”

“S—Something like that…” Alex said, eagerly walking up to the front door, relief in sight at last. He rang the doorbell, and his Mom answered. She thanked him and Adam repeatedly for coming out here today, and reminded them to keep an eye on Mary and try to help her with her potty issues.

“W—We will,” Alex promised. He’d help Mary just as soon as he’d alleviated his own ‘potty issue’.

“Grandma’s already out,” Mom added. “Charity is still napping, but Mary’s already awake. Prudence has ALREADY had three cookies today, so don’t let her tell you otherwise. Ben is at a friend’s house, but should be home for lunch. Make sure he brushes his teeth before bed, he’s been trying to skip that. We’ll be back by nine, so try to have everyone at least IN bed by then, okay?”

“Yes, Mom,” Alex nodded, shifting back and forth on his feet. He didn’t want to rush her, but Alex was in such a major rush himself right now that that was hard to do!

Mom glanced down at Alex’s tense legs, at the way he was swaying. He felt himself blushing under her gaze. If anyone could tell when he needed to urinate, it would be the woman who’d raised him. He wouldn’t be surprised if the pee-dance he was performing now was exactly like the one he’d done when he was little…

“Alex…?” Mom asked. “Do you…” she stopped and shook her head. He knew what she’d been about to ask, but was glad she hadn’t. She’d probably realized it was a little silly to ask her adult child if he needed a toilet break; Of course he’d be heading straight there as soon as he was inside, he was more than responsible enough to do that now without being reminded. She’d just gotten so used to being around the younger ones…

“We can handle everything,” Adam promised, though he was less confident than Alex. Alex had a way with kids that Adam felt like he didn’t— Alex was an amazing older brother, and somehow managed to keep up with ALL those children when he had to. It had taken Adam nearly two months to memorize which name went with each kid; There had just been so many of them!

“Good, thank you,” Mom said. “Call me if there is a problem,” and she began to head for her car.

‘Ohhhh, finally,’ Alex thought, seeing the now vacant doorway. So close, so close, so close… He hurried inside, and was immediately swarmed by Prudence and Mary. “Alex!” Prudence beamed, hugging him tightly… An action that made Alex cringe and suck in a sharp breath. At Prudence’s height, when she hugged him, her arms wrapped right around his midsection. She was unknowingly squeezing the heck out of his poor bladder…

“H—Hello, Prudence…” Alex winced. “I—It’s v—very nice to see you, but not so tight, okay?”

Mary clung to one of his legs, which wasn’t as horrible as having his bladder gripped, but it DID mean he wasn’t able to cross them anymore… His aching sphincter could REALLY use that extra support right now! “Mary…” Alex said. “I’ve got to be able to walk, remember?”

Mary snuggled his leg for one second longer, then let go. Prudence finally released him from her grip as well. “Let’s play, Alex!” Prudence said.

“Play!” Mary cheered in agreement. “Play with Alex!”

“Alex has something he has to do first,” Alex said gently. “After he does that, he can play all the games you want.”

“Awww, play first!” Prudence pouted. “Just for a little bit? Please?”

Alex spotted the door leading to the restroom, and his bladder seized up at the sight. It didn’t WANT Alex to play ‘for a little bit’. It wanted him to take it in there right away! “Um…”

Adam saw Alex hesitate, he wasn’t sure what his boyfriend’s issue was, but still wanted to help out. “You can play with me until he gets back from whatever he has to do,” he offered.

“Play with Alex!” Mary repeated. “You’re not Alex!”

“Yeah, but I’m fun, too,” Adam promised.

“Alex!” Mary insisted.

Alex’s bladder was throbbing, but his heart was melting. It was so cute how badly she wanted his attention, how could he deny it from her? “O—Okay,” he said. “You’re lucky you’re so adorable, though. What do you want to play?”

“Horsey!” Mary begged.

Alex’s bladder shook at the very thought! “Wh—What?”

“Horsey rides!” Mary said.

Alex couldn’t do that. He could NOT get on all fours and have Mary ride on his back right now. He wouldn’t be able to hold it in that position! Practically ALL of his weight would be on his bladder, and Mary would be weighing him down too, and he’d… He’d—

“No!” Prudence said. “I’m too big for Alex to do that with, it’s not fair.”

“Pr—Prudence is right,” Alex said. “W—We need something that everyone can play.” ‘And that won’t make my bladder burst…’ he added to himself.

“You should draw with us instead,” Prudence suggested.

Yes. Drawing. Just… Sitting in one place at a table. Alex could do that. “Okay,” he said. “Adam, do you want to draw with us?”

“Sure,” Adam said, and they followed the girls to the kitchen table where stacks of paper and boxes of crayons were already out.

“Look, Alex!” Prudence said. “Charity and I drew fishies earlier!”

Alex did look, mostly zeroing in on the splash of water created by one of the fish leaping out of it. Prudence was a really good artist for her age, the way the water was moving looked pretty realistic.

Which was unfortunate for Alex, whom tensed his thighs up even more tightly as he sat down. “Th—That’s amazing, Prudence,” he said. “But, um… I think I really should—“

“Look!” Mary said, holding up another drawing. “I drew lemonade!”

Alex nodded shakily. Mary, being only three, was nowhere near as skilled as Prudence. But, still, a lot of yellow marks going into what was clearly a cup was just suggestive enough to make Alex cross his legs. “I— I like that, Mary,” he smiled. “Now, I kind of have to—“

“I’m gonna draw an eel to go with the fish now,” Prudence said. “I like eels, they’re like underwater snakes.”

“I want Alex to draw with me!” Mary said. “Can he?”

“O—Of course I can,” Alex assured. “But, first I need the—“

Mary excitedly grabbed a sheet of paper and a handful of crayons, sitting down next to Alex. She handed him one. “Draw flowers,” she said.

“Okay,” Alex said. He glanced around and spotted Adam standing behind him. He widened his eyes at his boyfriend, trying to communicate his needs to him without words. ‘Please, Adam, I am going to burst!’

Adam did not seem to possess telepathic abilities though, as he just took a seat of his own and grabbed some paper.

Adam wasn’t sure what he wanted to draw. Maybe Alex would like it if he drew him? He turned to look at his boyfriend, trying to guess if he was talented enough to do him justice… Only then did he notice that Alex looked pretty tense. He had a small tremor in his arm as he drew, as if the muscles there were being pulled very taut… He was shaking in other places, too.

Adam reached over and rubbed Alex’s thigh, that usually calmed him down when he was stressed about something, even if Adam didn’t know what it was.

Alex actually did ease up a little at Adam’s touch, at the mere reminder that his partner was beside him. He could tell Adam what he needed to do at any time, and Adam would make it happen, right? The bathroom was so close, Alex didn’t have to worry. He’d finish drawing with Mary, and then he’d tell Adam he had to go and to keep the kids occupied until he was finished. That was all he had to do.

Alex drew a haphazard array of flowers alongside Mary’s. Alex was to the point now that absolutely EVERYTHING was making him think about peeing. Right now, he couldn’t stop thinking about a particular way that he could WATER a bed of flowers… He bounced up and down in his seat, wishing that he could hold himself. But, Adam’s hand was right there…

Once the entire sheet of paper had been colored in flowers, Alex started to stand, “Guys, I—“

“I’m hungry,” Prudence said. “Can we eat something?”

Alex supposed he could give them a snack first… “O—Okay, yeah,” he said, struggling not to pop as his feet touched the ground and he pulled himself fully upright. He went to the cupboards and found some granola bars. “A—Are these okay?”

“Yeah,” Prudence said.

Okay. Good. The granola bars had been on the lower shelf. If they’d wanted the fruit bars on the top shelf, he would have needed to stretch, and he felt like he’d probably be ripped in half if he tried that right now.

Adam watched as Alex handed the girls their snacks. He was a little concerned by the twitchy, antsy way Alex was moving. He looked like he was panicking over something, but Adam couldn’t work out what it was…

“Th—There,” Alex said. “Now, I’ll be right—“

“Mary has to go,” Prudence announced.

“Do not!” Mary insisted.

“Mom doesn’t want you to have accidents anymore,” Prudence said. “You should go.”

Alex glanced down, and noticed his littlest sister was doing a bit of a dance… Fire erupted beneath his cheeks as he recognized its similarity to his own… “Mary, if you need to go, you should go right away,” he said, twisting his hips at a rippling spasm from within. His hand very nearly went to his crotch when he felt his urethra starting to quiver, but he stopped himself at the last second. His hand pressed into his lower stomach instead, which only succeeded in making his need feel a whole lot worse.

Alex’s bladder seemed to be trying to tell him to take his own advice.

“But… Hurts,” Mary said fearfully.

“I know,” Alex nodded. Sucking in a sharp breath, cursing himself for what he was about to do, he forced himself to crouch so that he was eye-level with her. Immediately, it was like a forty pound weight had just been rested atop his bladder, he felt like it was being smooshed, like something was squeezing it and forcing the liquid inside of it to push up right against his opening… And out.

His first leak hissed into his boxers, and then he did press a hand into himself. Just for a second, just to plug himself shut again. “I… I know,” he repeated to Mary. “It hurt you for a bit, but it won’t anymore.”

“Yes it will…”

“You’ve seen Mom and Grandma and everyone else go to the toilet, it doesn’t hurt them, right?” Alex said gently.

“Yeah, only they don’t use the little one,” Mary said.

So, it was specifically the potty chair that was scaring her. That made sense, that was where she’d been when it had suddenly hurt her to go, not on the actual toilet. Alex made a mental note to remember that detail, he’d pass it along to Mom, suggest she buy one of those toddler seat-adapter thingies so Mary could try using the regular toilet. If she really WAS just terrified of that particular potty chair hurting her, and not of using something that wasn’t a diaper in general, then that could solve everything right away.

It would still be good if Mary could get comfortable with the chair as well, though. She’d have an easier time getting on and off that thing by herself, she’d definitely need some assistance with the toilet. When he’d been around to potty train a few of his other siblings, it had been important to all of them that they could handle as much of the process by themselves as possible.

Also… He had to get her to go now. He knew from Mom that Mary cried when she wet herself, and he knew from a couple prior experiences that HE tended to pee when someone near him did…

“I’ll… I’ll, um… I’ll talk to Mom about getting you something so you can use the normal toilet, if that would make you feel better,” Alex said. Suddenly, he couldn’t stay crouched down anymore, another spurt ripped its way past his defenses and he couldn’t handle all this extra pressure for even one more second! He gently drew himself up, but he couldn’t stand up totally straight anymore, either! He had to hunch over, or else it felt like his bladder was being stretched and torn to shreds…

“B—But,” Alex said. “Th—There really is no reason to be scared of the potty. It only hurt you those times because you were sick, but the doctors gave you stuff to make that go away, so it won’t hurt you anymore.”

Adam heard the tremors and shakes in Alex’s voice, and thought maybe THIS was what had been stressing him out. He was just concerned for his little sister and the pain she’d gone through. He was just nervous that he wouldn’t be able to fix it. Of course, that had to be it. Alex was such a pure, sweet guy…

Still, Mary was insistent, “It will hurt!”

“It… It won’t… I’ll prove it somehow, I’ll—”

“Er…” Adam said. “I… Have an idea…” he trailed off. It was probably going to embarrass Alex, but it might help.

“Hm?”

“How about you… Show her it doesn’t hurt?” Adam suggested. “Just… Sit on it for a minute, and when she sees it’s not hurting you, she’ll feel safe, maybe?” He had no idea if that would even work, he wasn’t a child psychologist or anything, but it at least SOUNDED right.

Just like Adam knew he would, Alex was blushing. And, all his anxious, little motions picked up.

“Hey, don’t worry,” Adam said. “I’m not gonna tease you over it, you’re just trying to be a good brother, and that’s awesome.”

“O—Okay,” Alex said, his hands balling into fists and swinging tensely at his sides. “I’ll… Show her it’s safe, yeah.” He hoped that maybe the potty chair was kept somewhere other than in the bathroom. If he had to go in there and then NOT pee….

But, of course, that WAS where it was located. Mary followed Alex and Adam in, and Alex tried his best not to look at the toilet, not to think about how much he wanted to use it… But, he couldn’t. He didn’t just ‘want’ to use it, he NEEDED to use it very, VERY badly! His hips hadn’t stopped twisting for one second since they’d come in here, his urethra was pulsing, tiny drops kept easing their way into his boxers. “Actually, guys, before we do this, I—“ He stopped. Mary was squirming a lot… He needed to get this over with right away or else she’d have an accident.

‘YOU are going to have an accident!’ A little voice in Alex’s mind screamed at him, and he knew that the voice was right. His bladder was full, and no amount of squirming was making it feel any LESS full.

Furthermore, Mary was THREE, if she had an accident… Well, that was just expected, wasn’t it? Alex was an ADULT, if he had had an accident, especially in front of the kid he was trying to help potty-train, it would be devastating!

“I… I know it’s a little embarrassing,” Adam whispered. “I won’t tell ANYBODY you did this, I won’t laugh, I won’t tease, don’t worry.”

But, Alex did worry… He looked at the small potty chair. He was small and thin enough that he could probably sit on it with only a little bit of discomfort. He could do it, and the faster he did it, the faster Mary would relax and go. And, the faster Mary relaxed and went, the faster Alex could finally use the toilet…

He sat himself down on the chair. He didn’t exactly fit, he was sort of balancing on it, worried that his full weight would make it come apart. “S—See? It doesn’t hurt at all.”

“That’s because your pants are still up,” Mary said.

Oh… Alex blushed more now. He didn’t want to sit on a potty chair in front of his boyfriend, especially not with his pants down as if he was about to actually use it… He also didn’t feel super comfortable taking stuff off with his current audience.

But… If it helped. If it got him to the toilet faster… He would just keep his body as concealed as he could.

Alex lowered his shorts only a tiny bit, just barely enough, continually pulling his shirt down to cover himself up even more, then he awkwardly sat back down onto the potty chair, and… Wow, being there must have unlocked some long forgotten memories; The feeling of the plastic seat underneath him, while it wasn't exactly like the cold porcelain of an actual toilet, was making his bladder pulse and pulse and pulse. Somehow, it just seemed to KNOW that he was on something that was designed to be urinated into, and it wanted him to start doing exactly that NOW. He bit his lip and tensed his thighs as best he could in his cramped position. He needed to hold it! “S—See, Mary?” he said. “N—Nothing is hurting me. It’s safe.”

Mary just looked at him, then pouted. “Looks like it hurts you!”

Alex was confused, then Adam knelt down and whispered, “Uh… Yeah, sweet thing. I know it’s a tight squeeze for you, but you’re kinda grimacing… Try and relax more.”

Alex absolutely could NOT relax more! He’d GO! He still tried to even out his facial muscles a bit, tried to make himself appear a slightly less tense. He wanted to get up off this thing so badly! His bladder would calm back down some if he wasn’t sitting in a place where, theoretically, it was okay to release it.

‘Just let go,’ his traitorous brain suggested. ‘What do you know? It might make Mary calmer if she sees you actually USE it without being hurt.’ He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to block out those thoughts. Adam was here! It was embarrassing enough to be sitting on this thing at all in front of him! To actually… To actually PEE into it would be downright mortifying! Hold it! Hold it, hold it, hold it!

Not to mention, Alex felt like he was bursting apart at his seams! His bladder was very, very full. There was a LOT of pee stored in him right now. The potty had… Well, a limited capacity, and with as bad as he had to go, Alex was almost positive that HIS capacity outmatched it. He KNEW it did; He remembered the camping trip he’d gone on with Adam, he remembered how he’d almost filled an entire one liter bottle with his urine, no way could this thing hold THAT much.

“See?” Mary said to Adam. “It does hurt, Alex is hurt.” Her eyes started to well up. “It’s hurting my brother.”

“I—It’s not,” Adam promised, feeling VERY out of his element. He whispered to his boyfriend again, “Sweet thing? Did your thigh get pinched on it or something? What’s—“

Adam was unable to finish his question.

He’d been interrupted by a sudden noise. A hiss, punctuated by the sound of liquid trickling against plastic. Adam glanced around for several seconds in confusion, then looked back at Alex. His boyfriend’s eyes were blown wide open, and the deepest, reddest blush Adam had ever seen was spreading across his face.

Adam’s face, neck and chest erupted with heat, and he knew that HE was blushing, too. He supposed this explained all of Alex’s tension today; From the sound of that gush, the poor guy must have been holding it for a while… Why hadn’t he said anything?

Alex could not believe that this was happening, his eyes darted to the regular toilet— The thing he SHOULD have been peeing into, and he tried to clench up and make his flow stop. But, he couldn’t. It genuinely felt like his bladder had been broken wide open, he wasn’t even able to slow down his stream, much less get it to cease entirely. Every squeeze he made with his muscles only caused him to void even more powerfully into the receptacle below him.

After several seconds of uncontainable spraying, Alex realized that he needed to STOP all of his attempts to begin holding it again. The damage was done, he was already using the potty in front of Adam. And, cringing, shifting, whining, or doing anything else that showed how much he DIDN’T want to be doing this would probably make Mary think he was in pain.

Alex had to relax, he had to appear calm and happy even if he felt himself dying on the inside. ‘Just… Shut your eyes…’ his brain screamed, and he followed the suggestion. He tried to forget the specifics of his current situation, tried to focus only on how good it felt to finally go. He concentrated on the pleasant sensation of his bladder shrinking down, how nice it was to feel his pee gush and hiss, all of the discomfort in his middle fading away… All of those things were very good, and if he did his best to blot out the humiliation underpinning all of it, he could settle himself down. He tried to relax the rest of his body, as well as his facial muscles, let himself smile and exhale slowly with relief…

Adam had turned away by then, trying to give Alex some privacy. He couldn’t even imagine how embarrassing this all was for him… He must have seriously just not been able to hold it. Indeed, as Alex’s ocean continued spraying out of him, Adam realized his boyfriend must have really been at his limit.

… At… At HIS limit…

Adam knew for a fact that Alex could hold around a liter, and now he was a little concerned that this wasn’t going to end very well.

“Oh, Alex had to go potty a lot…” Mary commented.

‘He sure did…’ Adam thought. He really should have been paying closer attention today. Alex had been FULL, and apparently he’d been full for quite a while, too! Adam couldn’t believe he hadn’t been able to figure that out. Even if Alex had chosen to stay silent about his need for whatever reason, Adam SHOULD have been able to pick up on it himself. Hell, he realized now that Alex had been TRYING to tell everyone that he had to pee pretty much since the moment he’d walked inside the house. Adam had been much too inattentive today!

“S—See?” Alex forced himself to ask. “I—It doesn’t hurt at all…” His face actually ACHED from how much he was blushing… He wished he’d hurry up and finish, but his bladder STILL felt pretty full, and alarm built inside his chest as he grew more certain that he was going to overflow this thing before he’d emptied. To his dismay, his typical shivers of pleasure started to tingle up and down his back…

“Is Alex cold?” Mary asked.

Alex actually felt like he was on fire. He must have been red all the way down to his toes. “Mmmf… I just… Do that when I… go… I dunno why…” And, he just kept going and going and going… He could feel how full the receptacle was getting now, and again he tried to cut off his flow, he knew he was about to—

He couldn’t stop, and pee began to trickle down the front and sides of the potty chair, slowly ebbing down onto the floor.

Adam heard his boyfriend’s urine suddenly splashing onto the ground and tried to think of some way to soothe him now, to make him feel at least a little less ashamed, but he couldn’t come up with anything to say. He just had to hope that Mary stayed—

“Alex is making a mess!” Mary pointed out.

—Quiet…

“I… I know…” Alex mumbled. “I— This is why you shouldn’t hold it for too long, Mary…”

‘Awww,’ Adam thought, his chest going light and warm. Alex was such a sweetheart, he was such a perfect older brother… Trying to turn this moment of utter humiliation into a teaching moment for Mary.

Alex finally finished, and raised himself out of his crouch, yanking his shorts back up. He felt about ten billion times better now that his bladder was nice and flat and empty… But, at what cost? The potty chair was so full he wasn’t sure how to move it so it could be emptied. If he tried, he’d spill it for sure… And, the floor around it had several small puddles, and… Adam had… Had watched him do that…

He cleared his throat a few times, trying to speak normally, but his voice was tense and shuddering; “S—So, yeah. It doesn’t hurt you to… To pee in there. You can do it, it’s fine.” He cringed before bending back down and picking up the chair as slowly and carefully as he could. It was extra heavy now… Weighed down by… By all the pee Alex hadn’t been able to hold…

A few tiny pulses of liquid sloshed onto the ground as Alex did his best to bring it over to the toilet. He tilted it a bit, let all of his urine splash into the place it had been MEANT to go in the first place, then flushed. He sat the potty back down, grabbed some toilet paper, and set about mopping up all his little puddles.

One good thing HAD come out of this whole ordeal, because as soon as the potty was back on the floor, Mary had nervously taken a seat on it and had begun to use it. Alex had gotten her over her fear, at least… He just wished he could have done that in a less mortifying way.

Unlike Alex, when Mary finished, nothing had overflowed and spilled onto the tiles. Of course it hadn’t. The potty was MEANT for someone her size, after all. The company that had designed it had never envisioned that a grown man would lose control over his body while sitting on it…

Again, Alex emptied out the potty, then knelt down and told Mary that she’d done a very good job, told her he was proud of her, told her that she never had to feel scared to go again… It took a great deal of effort to inject cheer and positivity into his voice, but he did it for her.

Mary then hugged onto Alex’s legs again, and then she said something that made Alex blush so hard he looked sunburnt; “You did good, too! Except for how it went on the floor some.”

“Eheh…” Alex forced a laugh. “Y—Yeah… R—Run off and play now?”

Mary nodded and rushed out to find Prudence. Once she was gone, Alex collapsed against Adam and clung onto him. He said nothing, merely shook with embarrassment.

“Aw…” Adam rubbed his arm, then gave him a small kiss on the cheek. “It’s okay, Alex…”

“It’s not… I… In front of you!” Alex was fighting very hard not to begin crying.

Adam struggled to think of the right thing to say. ‘That’s fine, you just should have said you had to go sooner,’ would probably make him feel bad. ‘I really didn’t mind, you actually looked kinda cute sitting there,’ was just…. Weird. Adam didn’t even know where in the world THAT thought had come from, but he had to admit it WAS true. Alex had looked really cute crouching like that, and the way he was obviously trying SO hard to beat down his embarrassment to put his sister at ease was undeniably sweet. Not to mention, for whatever reason, Adam ALWAYS thought those little shivers Alex got whenever he peed were adorable…

But, Alex surely wouldn’t think anything about what he’d just done was cute… To him, it had been nothing but humiliation tinged with a bit of relief.

Adam actually needed to go now, the sound of Alex’s typhoon had sort of gotten to him… “I… I won’t tease you, or anything. I don’t think badly of you now. It was really nice of you to do that for Mary, you’re a good brother… And… Hey, I’ve gotta pee,” he bounced on his toes for emphasis. “How about I… Use that thing, too? And you can watch? Would that make you less embarrassed?”

Alex stepped back a bit, “You don’t have to—“

“I want you to feel better,” Adam said. “This way, we’ll be even, right?” He rocked back and forth on his heels. “And… I WOULD really like to go soon.”

“Um… Y—Yeah, if you want to do that…” Alex said awkwardly.

Adam smiled, lowering his shorts, “Okay, watch me then,” he said. It took him a few tries to sit himself onto the potty in a way that didn’t make his legs cramp up, but finally he was mostly comfortable. The hard part, however, was telling himself to start going… Since he wasn’t basically dying of desperation like Alex had been, the weird feeling of sitting on a potty chair as an adult was enough to keep his bladder’s exit plugged up.

Not to mention… Well, ever since he’d gotten an STP, Adam pretty much NEVER sat down to relieve his bladder. Standing to go was what felt right to him, so that was what he did.

He remembered how, when he’d first gotten the prosthetic it would take a few seconds for his brain to remember ‘Oh, right. We can do it THIS way now!’ and give his bladder the clearance to begin draining. His body was just getting used to peeing in a way that it hadn’t really done it before.

What he felt now, trying to let it flow while seated, was almost the same as what he’d felt back in those days. His body trying to catch up and remember that ‘sitting’ was indeed an acceptable position for urination to take place in.

Alex had been watching his boyfriend balance himself over the potty. He still hadn’t stopped blushing, but now the heat was caused by the strange realization that Adam actually looked a little cute right now… After several seconds passed with no stream pouring against the plastic, Alex spoke up; “Um… If you don’t wanna do this, you don’t have to…”

“I’ll do it, I’ll do it,” Adam promised, trying to concentrate. “It’s just… Taking me a minute, don’t worry.” He smiled and let out an easy laugh. “I think I actually FORGOT that I can sit when I pee, haven’t done it in a really long time.”

“Heh…” Alex grinned. He still did sit to go sometimes, if it was dark and he didn’t feel like turning on a light, or if he wanted to read something while he peed. Just… Anything that could screw up his ability to aim correctly. But, he always left his prosthetic on and peed through it, even if he WAS sitting. He thought it might have been silly, but the way his pee stream sounded when it wasn’t funneled through the prosthetic just really bothered him. Without the prosthetic, his pee would sound like a sprinkler, but with it, it sounded like a hose. He’d told Adam about it once, and Adam had promised that it wasn’t stupid. People got dysphoric over lots of random things, and if Alex felt best using his prosthetic every time he peed, even if he wasn’t going to stand, then that was fine.

“You want me to turn the sink on?” Alex asked. “Will that help?”

“Yeah, maybe,” Adam said. “I actually have to go a little bad, I’m sure it’ll start working soon.”

Alex cranked on the faucet, and water hissed away into the basin.

“Oh…” Adam cringed, doing a little bounce. “Well, now I have to go a LOT bad…” As soon as he’d said that, his bladder voiced its agreement and his stream began to patter against the plastic. “Ahhh…Not anymore, though. That’s better…” He laughed. “Pfft, can’t believe I’m doing this!”

Alex was impressed by how unashamed Adam seemed to be. Like, it wasn’t bothering him at all to be letting it flow into that particular receptacle. It was perfectly simple for him, peeing into a potty chair was just happening, and it was no big deal. He was smiling, he looked nice and relaxed, and his pee continued to trickle away.

“Phew,” Adam said once he’d finished. He stood and pulled up his shorts, noting that he’d almost filled the chair to the top and would have to be careful to avoid spilling it while he emptied it out. “I needed that…”

As Adam drained the potty out, Alex nervously spoke; “Um… You… Er…. You kind of… You looked cute just now… I dunno why. I guess because you were doing something embarrassing, but you looked all confident still? I dunno…”

Adam set the chair back on the floor before giving Alex a hug. “You actually looked cute on that thing too, honestly; Trying so hard to stay calm for your sister even though I know you were freaking out inside your head.”

Alex squeezed him back. “I definitely was… I really just— Couldn’t hold it anymore.”

Adam kissed him. “Poor thing… How long had you been waiting for that?”

Alex turned away, a bit ashamed, “I… Forgot to go this morning after I woke up. I was holding it all day. I should have said I needed to go while we were driving, but we were talking about… That. And it felt weird.”

“Awww,” Adam ruffled Alex’s hair. “Silly boy… Speak up next time, okay? No need to ever feel embarrassed with me, you know that.”

“I know…”

