The Squirming Maid

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2022-02-16 03:54

Marion swept the castle floor, feeling a slight twinge in her abdomen. She couldn’t pause, because tonight the king and queen were inviting guests over, so the floor had to be spotless. The 19 year-old had a strong bladder, so she wasn’t worried. The only element in the situation that gave her slight unease was the fact that when she felt a bit of desperation, it meant her large bladder was already a bit full. Marion simply shook her head and continued to sweep, heading towards the kitchens with her broom. Other maids and butlers were milling about the castle to prepare for the guests, heads held high and elegantly.

When she reached the kitchen, Marion put the broom in a closet and began to get water to boil. The sound of the sloshing liquid made her bladder feel a bit fuller, so she shifted from foot to foot to keep her need in check. But alas, all she could focus on was her growing need. Marion thought back to when she last went to the toilet. It was maybe about two hours ago…? Marion picked up the heavy bucket of water, and it pushed against her bladder by accident, sending a large wave of uncomfortable desperation shooting though her abdomen. As the water boiled, Marion occasionally gripped her crotch for a second or two every time another throb from her filling bladder made her squirm. As another maid filled a bucket of soapy water, it made Marion squirm and shake a bit. A large spurt emptied into her panties, and a quiet moan escaped Marion’s lips. She discreetly looked around to ensure that nobody had heard the sound…

(Part 2 shall come soon my dear friends! Bye!)

