Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*019*2023-05-02 18:41

Kakarot already had four of the dragon balls, giving them a decent head-start. For the next one, they had to travel far up to the North, and Vegeta ran into his first major problem then. As the temperature around him dropped, it became much harder to fly. The freezing wind made his skin prickle and sting. They’d gotten coats for the weather, but it wasn’t helping too much.

Kakarot somehow managed not to be phased by the cold. HE was flying just fine. Unacceptable. Vegeta could handle this WAY better than Kakarot…

“I came up here once when I was little,” Goku said. “The plane I was in crashed, but this girl dug me out of the snow, and—“ He paused, looking behind himself. Vegeta was lagging, and… fidgeting. “Are you okay?”

“F—Fine, Kakarot…” Vegeta insisted. “C—Can we j—just get this d—done?”

They landed, and Vegeta didn’t feel any better once he was out of the air. He shook and shivered violently, hopping between his feet to try to warm his legs up some. He crossed his arms and rubbed them.

Kakarot remaining so unbothered by the cold just infuriated him. Kakarot didn’t look distressed at all, as if he plodded through ice-boxes all the time…

Kakarot looked at him, gaze stilling on his legs. “Um, Vegeta… If you need to go, you CAN just tell me, remember?”

Vegeta noticed what he was doing, and that it probably DID look like he was desperate to relieve himself. He didn’t need to pee at all, though. Well… Maybe a little, the uncontrollable shivers were sort of irritating his bladder and making its walls squeeze inwards, but it was nothing he couldn’t handle.

If he managed to piss out here it would probably freeze to his dick on the way out anyway.

“Th—That’s not a concern n—now, Kakarot,” Vegeta said irritably. “Where is the st—stupid ball?”

Goku paused. Vegeta REALLY looked like he was desperate. He hoped his friend wasn’t intending to hold it until they had the last three balls gathered. That could take a while… He could also sense Vegeta’s chi kind of wavering. Not a lot, but enough to be noticeable. That didn’t usually happen.

Goku felt a little silly a moment later. When Vegeta needed to pee, he generally LOOKED like he was just really cold. The coat he had on wasn’t enough to keep him warm. Goku felt fine with what he had on, but he’d never been in this area with Vegeta before, he didn’t know how well he handled such things. “You’re cold?” He asked.

“O—Of course n—not,” Vegeta insisted, rubbing his arms more frantically. He was starting to wonder if he should start charging an energy attack. He didn’t have anything to throw it at, but his body always heated up really fast when he did that.

“It’s fine if you are. The first time I was up here I nearly froze to death,” Kakarot said. “Like I said, somebody had to carry me inside. If you wanna warm up, you can walk close to me and I can put my arm around y—“

“I would rather die of hypothermia!” Vegeta interrupted, horrified. Gah! He would never… NEVER ‘cuddle’ with Kakarot! No way in Hell! He only even let BULMA do that when he was too sleepy to put up a fuss about it.

“Hippo— Thermite—“

“It means that I would prefer freezing to death over… Doing THAT with the likes of you.”

“Why? What’s wrong with it?” Kakarot asked. “It’s not like we’ve never touched each oth—“

“N—Not l—like th—that!” Vegeta snapped. “I w—will let you p—punch me, I w—will let you kick m—me, but I w—will NEVER let you—“

“Hug you?” Kakarot guessed.

Vegeta grumbled, shaking more as a blisteringly cold breeze picked up around them. Actually, now he felt like he really DID need to pee, and it was worsening quickly Doubtless the awful temperature was responsible, making his bladder contract every time he shuddered. All the more reason to get out of here. “Wh—Where’s the damn—“

“This way,” Kakarot said. “Are you sure you’re okay like that?”

“I—I’m f—fine, Kakarot! Stop asking!”

“Because, if you wanted me to help you warm up, I won’t tell anybody.”

“Yes, but I w—would know,” Vegeta said. “And th—that would be enough.”

The dragon radar pinged, showing the ball was located underwater.

“Dammit…” Vegeta muttered. Shaking hands went to remove his coat.

“What are you doing?!” Kakarot asked. “Let me get it, you’re—“

“You don’t think I can handle a little cold?” Vegeta demanded, furious. “B—Because I c-can!” He started to unbutton his coat— Tried to, anyway. His fingers didn’t really feel like bending, and they were shaking a bit too much for him to control what he was doing. His body felt strange, his chi was still shuddering, his vision was sort of foggy, and his need to urinate was spiking sharply.

But, he HAD to make himself do this. He’d never felt this cold before, had never felt like his blood was turning solid. It felt so awful that he knew if he didn’t fight through it now, he’d never build up a tolerance to it. What if there came a day where he NEEDED to endure a little cold to win a battle? He couldn’t let an opponent defeat him because his body had trouble coping with low temperatures. If he went underwater now, got himself all wet when he was already so cold, then he’d be training himself. If he waited to the side while Kakarot did it, he’d accomplish nothing.

Once his coat was off, something in the back of his mind started to scream that he was being ridiculous, that Kakarot was right, that what he was about to do was dangerous and would end terribly. Glacial air nipped at his arms and he hesitated when he was about to remove his gloves. He knew it would take them ages to dry if he wore them in the water, but his hands were…

Screw it, his hands needed to be trained as well. He tore them off, his fingers stinging with the bitter frost. He needed to push through this, this was just another form of training. “S—See?” He said. “Perfectly f—fine!” He got into the water, and he immediately felt like he was being chewed apart, bitten into. His bladder spasmed in response to every piercing jolt of subzero chills. He ignored every pain as best he could, determined to make it through.

Goku watched in dismay. Sometimes, he couldn’t understand Vegeta at all. This was one of those times. What was so bad about just admitting he was too cold and letting Goku handle this? What was he trying to prove? Goku KNEW he was struggling, so why did he need to—

That was probably IT… Goku KNOWING that he was having trouble, that was why he was so hellbent on proving otherwise. Perhaps Goku should have pretended not to notice Vegeta’s shivering? Would that have—

Vegeta’s chi wavered again, and Goku was alarmed, but he saw his friend come back up from under the water a second later. Vegeta tossed the dragon ball to the ground and frantically pulled his coat back on, then his gloves, struggling with both thanks to his numb, spasming hands. Goku almost went over to help him when he finally managed it himself.

“H—Ha, th—there!” Vegeta said, barely able to get the words out past how much his teeth were chattering. “T—To—Told y—you I—I c—could—“ Vegeta stopped, curling over on himself slightly and rubbing his arms up and down.

“Y—Yeah…” Goku said, cautiously coming closer. He wished he had a blanket… “You did it! Good j—“

Vegeta ducked beside Goku and leaned into him urgently, pressing their bodies together. It was like he was acting entirely on instinct, trying to warm himself in whatever way he could, hardly aware of what he was doing.

Goku put his arm around him and guided him in closer. He had a feeling that saying anything would end poorly for him.

Sure enough, he heard Vegeta mumbling “Wh—What th—the Hell am I d—doing?” But, he did not pull away.

“Just, try and warm up,” Goku encouraged. “Let’s sit over here…”

Moments later, they were resting further back in the forest, Vegeta still shaking intensely against Goku’s side.

“D—Dammit, that was st—stupid, wasn’t it?” Vegeta asked.

“Um…” Goku considered. “Are you gonna hit me if I agree with you?”

“Later,” Vegeta said. “My hands are… They won’t move. They’re too numb.”

“Why did you do that?”

Vegeta did his best to explain it, still fighting to speak properly. “J—Just realized I h—have to b—build up my tolerance. I—If you’re h—here without a problem, th—then—“

“Well, I’ve COME here lots of times,” Kakarot said. “Ever since I was little, of course I got used to it. You will t—“

“I— I’m bad with cold,” Vegeta interrupted. “A s—summer day on Earth f—feels like winter on Pl—Planet Vegeta. I—It was always hot th—there. A—And a lot of the planets I’ve b—been to have been cl—close to stars. I’ve n—never adapted to Earth’s climate.

“… And you thought you would if you shocked your body enough?” Goku guessed. That… Sort of made sense, in a way. He could see why Vegeta would think that it would work, that if he made himself as cold as he could possibly get, any future chills would feel like nothing by comparison.

“Y—Yes,” Vegeta said. “I d—don’t think it worked. Ev—Everything feels… My hands esp—especially have always—“

“Ohhh,” Goku said. “So that’s why you never take your gloves off, your hands are just always cold.”

Vegeta managed to glare, the effect somewhat diminished by his shuddering. “Kakarot… What do you THINK gloves are for?”

“Well, when you wear them in the summer, I—“

“B—Because, I’ll g—give you a hint; Th—They aren’t a food.”

“I KNOW that,” Goku sighed. “Just… Try and feel better, okay?”

“Fine…” Vegeta huffed. He couldn’t believe he was doing this. Pressed up against Kakarot, dammit… Why did Kakarot have to be so fucking warm? It was drawing him in, like some kind of curse had been put on him. Why did his eyelids have to feel so heavy, why did he have to be so tired…

“So, you never saw snow before you came to Earth?”

Vegeta shook his head sleepily.

“Aw, that’s too bad. It’s lots of fun.”

Vegeta couldn’t think of any reason that this freezing, damp stuff could be ‘fun’. It made the ground a little softer, but that was the only positive.

When Goku noticed Vegeta’s breathing evening out, he realized he’d fallen asleep. Goku panicked for a second, but Vegeta’s chi felt normal again so he figured he was alright. He just needed some rest.

Vegeta still shook occasionally in his sleep, fidgeting against Goku more and more. Being embraced by Vegeta like that felt really strange. Not in a bad way, since Goku liked hugs. It was just so unfamiliar when it came from Vegeta. Vegeta was NOT cuddly. He was, perhaps, the LEAST cuddly person Goku could name. Bulma said that the first time SHE’D ever embraced him had been “like trying to hug a cactus that is screaming at you”.

Goku knew he was only doing this now because he was so cold, and that he wasn’t aware of what his body did when he was asleep. He’d NEVER nuzzle Goku like this if he was alert and warm.

Goku was actually a little nervous about how Vegeta would react once he HAD woken up and seen what he was doing. He prepared himself for accusations, and a whole lot of threats. Goku was sleepy too, though. He could deal with that later…

***

Vegeta was on Frieza’s space-ship. How the Hell did he end up back here again? Frieza was dead, and Vegeta hadn’t been employed by him for a long time.   Hold on…

Vegeta shut his eyes and focused. He failed to pick up on Frieza’s energy, nor could he sense anyone else that he was sure would be aboard this ship. Of course, this was a dream. He should have realized that to begin with.

Ever since Vegeta had learned how to tell if he was dreaming, he’d come to really enjoy it. He knew he could NEVER repeat the humiliation of that awful night again, if he had to pee and knew he was asleep, then he’d force himself awake somehow.

But, aside from that, being AWARE of his dreams meant that he was a lot more in control of them. Once he realized he was asleep, that meant he could do ANYTHING he wanted, and nothing could stand in his way.

So far, he’d dreamt about transforming into a Super Saiyan 3 ten times, about utterly wiping the floor with Kakarot fifteen times, and about killing Frieza thirty times.

Since THIS dream was set on Frieza’s ship, Vegeta already knew what he was going to do. Now, what would be the best way to kill Frieza this time? So far, his favorite dreams had been the ones in which he’d humiliated Frieza in some way. Usually, he did this by completely overpowering him and forcing him to beg for mercy while dozens watched. “No— Please, great Prince Vegeta! You’re too strong! Please let me live! I promise, I’ll obey you for the rest of my life!”

Smirking to himself, Vegeta decided he’d enter the boardroom. When he’d ACTUALLY worked for Frieza, there had often been long, tedious meetings there where Frieza yammered about the solar systems he wished to conquer. By killing him in THAT room, Vegeta would have an audience, plus he’d get to destroy a part of Frieza’s ship along with him.

If only he’d learned how to tell his dreams and reality apart sooner. This was so much fun! Plus, he hadn’t had a SINGLE nightmare since he’d started doing this.

… Not that Vegeta even HAD nightmares to begin with. Of course he didn’t! How could he, when nothing scared him?

He headed to the boardroom. Frieza was stood at the front, the Ginyus seated before him, along with Nappa and Raditz. Frieza paused his speech to shoot Vegeta a very sharp glare. “My, my, how nice of you to finally join us, Vegeta.”

Stupid, smarmy little… Vegeta was going to ENJOY this…

Frieza kept scowling, “You know, I could kill you right now for your lateness. But, I won’t do it this time. Consider this your only warning.”

Vegeta didn’t reply. Frieza’s words sounded oddly familiar to him, like he’d heard them once before, but that didn’t faze him. He wasn’t the one in danger of death right now. He raised one arm out and opened his palm, preparing to gather some energy. He was going to shoot Frieza and severely damage this room, but he wasn’t going to kill him just yet. He wanted Frieza to beg first. The begging was the best par—

Wait… Why wasn’t this…

Confused, Vegeta tried to concentrate again. He couldn’t figure out why the energy sphere hadn’t started to form yet. This was HIS dream, he controlled everything that happened in it, right? And, right now all he wanted was—

“What are you doing?” Frieza snapped. “Sit down, or I’m going to reconsider my decision to let you live.”

Still perplexed, Vegeta found himself following Frieza’s order. Obeying Frieza again! Even when he knew full-well that this was a dream!

It was, wasn’t it?

Or, were all of his OTHER memories the dream? Had he just gone to sleep on Frieza’s ship one night and imagined everything that happened afterwards? He couldn’t sense anyone around him, but back when he’d worked for Frieza he just hadn’t been able to feel other people’s chi at all…

Again, he tried to focus once more. He COULD sense some energy, faintly. He could sense Kakarot was somewhere close by. He had no idea how he’d managed to fall asleep next to Kakarot, but knowing he was THERE was enough proof that this WAS just a dream.

And, since it was a dream, Vegeta could do whatever he wanted! Why wouldn’t his attacks work? Why—

He suddenly became aware of something a little more irritating than the fact that his dream wasn’t cooperating with him. His bladder was aching, and a piercing throb made him tense up. He felt his neck prickle, being desperate in front of Frieza— even a FAKE Frieza conjured up by his imagination— was never a good thing.

Right. Time to wake up, then. Vegeta thought he’d gotten good at rousing himself whenever he had to go in a dream. He’d just force his chi to spike, which would get his adrenaline pumping. He’d be wide awake within a few seconds.

Except, just as he hadn’t been able to build any energy up in his palm, he couldn’t get it to flare through his body, either. For some reason, he couldn’t control his chi at all. He felt disconnected from his body somehow— From part of it, anyway. He was feeling a little TOO connected to his bladder at the moment.

He tried pinching his thigh, which did absolutely nothing. So, instead he tried punching his chest. He still didn’t wake up, and only earned another glare from Frieza. “It would be wise of you to hold still while I am speaking.”

Vegeta was furious with himself for nodding. He knew this wasn’t the real Frieza, that the real one was dead and gone, and that this facsimile couldn’t do anything to him. Yet, Vegeta felt intimidated by that hissing, firm voice anyway. Not being able to use his powers, not being able to control his dream like he usually could, it was leaving him confused and uncomfortable.

Having a full bladder just made it worse, and it enraged him to know that all he had to do to ALLEVIATE the burgeoning pressure was to wake himself up. If he simply OPENED HIS EYES then he’d be able to take care of this. He pinched himself once more, but remained trapped here.

Frieza was beginning to display some holographic images of some planet he wanted conquered. Naturally, since Vegeta’s brain hated him for some reason, the planet was covered in waterfalls, geysers and lakes. All of the things Vegeta DIDN’T want to think about.

Vegeta thought he recognized that planet, actually. He could remember the mission he’d gone on to it. He wished he didn’t. He’d been lucky enough to have the opportunity to pee right before getting into his space-pod, but by the time they’d arrived he sort of wanted to go again. ‘Sort of wanting’ to pee turned into ‘desperately needing’ to pee rather quickly when surrounded by so much water.

Raditz and Nappa had relieved themselves several times while Vegeta tried his best to ignore the pangs and keep still. It got so bad that a tiny part of him started to wonder if he should just forget about his ‘image’ for a second and let himself go the next time they stopped. He’d been disgusted by the thought, but when a few more hours passed as he was walking with his knees together and his tail twisting in every direction, he realized the others might notice how uncomfortable he was.

He’d decided it would be best to just go, before it got worse, before his behavior became too obvious. So, when Raditz and Nappa stopped, Vegeta was about to say something like “I suppose I’ll go too, since you both insist on wasting so much time.” To his dismay, he found that the words wouldn’t come out, instead there was just this… Weird feeling. The same one he’d gotten when he was little and had seen Frieza threatening his father.

The feeling had shamed him greatly and, unwilling to risk it taking roost inside him, he turned around and resolved to hold it. He COULD hold it, he shouldn’t have even been considering peeing out here. He was stronger than Nappa and Raditz combined, HE could wait until the end of the mission. He wasn’t so weak that he had to relieve his bladder right here. Where… Where Raditz and Nappa would both—

He was STRONGER than them, he was going to prove it by not peeing. How DARE he even THINK about going here?! He didn’t need to! He never needed to! He was too powerful to have needs! As Vegeta told himself these things, the weird feeling faded away from him. His bladder still hurt, and the inescapable sight and sound of running water was making him utterly miserable, but the pressure blaring within him was far better than that OTHER sensation.

When the other two finished up, and Raditz had commented that he couldn’t believe Vegeta STILL didn’t have to go, Vegeta folded his arms and said; “Of course I don’t! I’m far more disciplined than EITHER of you! You’re lucky I even allow you to take breaks like this!”

That had made Vegeta feel somewhat better, but he was wary of what would happen if they didn’t finish soon. Sometimes, Vegeta squirmed around when he was desperate and no one was near him. So far, he’d never slipped up and done that with a witness. At worst, he’d fidgeted his legs a little but if he shouted that he’d gotten a cramp, that was enough to ward off suspicion.

With as urgent as his need was getting, he’d begun to get genuinely concerned that his condition would become obvious before long.

He’d managed to stay in control until he was back in his pod, free to writhe as much as he damn well pleased. Through the entirety of the ride, he was twisting and squeezing and clenching his eyes closed. He was ashamed to even have his OWN eyes on himself as he flailed so blatantly. Before long, he had both hands pinned between his legs, along with his tail. His tail kind of HURT, but he needed everything he had to quell the pressure.

A few times, his bladder had throbbed so harshly that he nearly opened communications to tell Nappa and Raditz that he wanted to stop. His hand simply hovered over the button though, shaking. If he did that, the other Saiyans would know that he had needs… They’d know he was mortifyingly desperate to satiate one of them, they’d think he wasn’t so impressive after all.

He could wait… Of course he could. He should be ASHAMED for doubting himself, even for a second!

He’d made it back, finally. Standing up out of his pod was one of the worst pains ever, and he felt almost dizzy as he fought against the urge to KEEP squirming. He shook from head to toe, his legs welded against each other, but he was confident that it DIDN’T look like he had to pee.

He received confirmation when Nappa had stood beside him, “Vegeta…? You cold?”

“V—Very,” Vegeta nodded. His jaw hadn’t been able to stop spasming from the tension, making him stutter. That probably made it more believable. “You and Raditz go notify Frieza o—of our s—success. I m—must get myself s—something warm to drink.” He didn’t want to even THINK about drinks right now, but it was the only excuse he was able to come up with.

“Okay,” Nappa had said. “Frieza’s gonna be mad if you don’t show up t—“

“He can d—deal with that himself. I’ll b—be there in a few minutes.” As Nappa and Raditz both left, Vegeta struggled to think of where the nearest place was that he could relieve himself. They’d had a base on this planet for a while, but Vegeta’s sleeping quarters were quite some distance away. The CLOSEST spot was probably the bar, but that place was always so crowded, and the thought of someone seeing him rush to the facilities made that stupid feeling come back.

He’d forced himself to fly all the way back to his sleeping area, trying to ignore all of the pains inside his body begging for him to just stop and piss on the ground. He would never do that! What if someone saw? They’d think he wasn’t strong enough to hold it! He WAS strong enough, just a little further…

He’d become truly frantic once he was at last in front of a toilet with the door locked. He was tearing at his clothes and jumping in place, the final few seconds of desperation even more extreme than everything leading up to it. Finally, he was out, free to go, and grimacing with the effort it took not to moan at how good it felt.

It had ended up taking him so long to finish that his legs were numb by the time it was over. He’d known he’d always remember that mission as one of the worst he’d ever gone on. Even the meeting Frieza had held BEFORE it had been absolutely miserable for h—

Vegeta suddenly had an idea of why he couldn’t escape from this dream, and of why he wasn’t able to exert much control over what happened in it. This wasn’t JUST a dream, this was one of his memories being replayed. Years ago, Vegeta really HAD gotten desperate during one of Frieza’s meetings, and that meeting had been in regards to the stupid water planet mission that had tortured his bladder.

In real life, when this had actually happened, Vegeta had showed up late BECAUSE he’d needed to pee. He’d been trying to go before heading to the meeting, but all of the restrooms on the ship had people near them who’d see him go in. So, he’d run out of time, gotten here late, been threatened by Frieza, and nervously sat down to avoid enraging the tyrant further.

Then, he’d had to hold it for SEVERAL more long hours while Frieza babbled…

Vegeta had no intention of reliving that, so he concentrated once more on waking himself up. He still couldn’t grab hold of his energy, though, couldn’t send it shooting through his body, couldn’t ignite the flood of adrenaline that he KNEW would have him up and alert right away.

He didn’t understand why his adrenaline hadn’t started pumping on its OWN yet. Surely the idea of wetting himself in his sleep again should have done it. Could he control this dream enough to make something show up that would startle him?

Vegeta certainly wasn’t afraid of worms, because THAT would be ridiculous, but maybe if a giant one suddenly slammed through the wall or something, it would be so surprising that—

His bladder spasmed roughly again. He clenched his thighs up and bounced one of his legs rapidly. He glanced surreptitiously around the room to ensure no one was watching, then felt rather silly. It wouldn’t matter if anyone was looking at him. No one in this room was real. He could squirm as much as he wanted.

He crossed his legs back and forth and allowed his hands to knead themselves against his crotch. As he shifted, his urgency dissipated slightly. This indicated that, back in the real world, he was probably fidgeting around in his sleep. That gave him some pause. He could still sense Kakarot, so if he WAS wriggling, Kakarot might notice—

Kakarot might notice and SHOVE him until he woke the Hell up…

Vegeta would welcome that outcome, even if Kakarot was likely to say something stupid to him once he was awake. (“Vegeta, get up! Hurry! I think you have to pee really bad!”)

Vegeta allowed himself to squirm more, wriggling his legs and tightening his grip on his crotch. He hoped that his body in the waking world was moving in a similar way, and anticipated the feeling of Kakarot jerking him by the shoulders.

“Vegeta!” Frieza snapped suddenly.

Vegeta froze, and was disappointed when the shock of being yelled at didn’t jar him awake.

“I believe I already told you to hold still,” Frieza said. “Do NOT make me ask you again.”

Vegeta nodded, “I apologize, Lord Frieza,” he said. “Just… Just a cramp.” This was another part of the memory. In real life, Vegeta HAD started to fidget, maybe not quite to THIS degree, but enough to garner Frieza’s ire. In real life, when he’d been called out on his squirming, he’d instantly felt so humiliated that he’d spat out the first excuse he could come up with.

“I don’t care if you’re uncomfortable,” Frieza said. “Stop distracting me.”

“Won’t happen again,” Vegeta said. And, he actually tried to still himself. He had no idea why. Frieza couldn’t harm him here. In fact, maybe provoking Frieza into lashing out would give him the adrenaline rush he needed to get out of here. For some reason, Vegeta just kept repeating the same actions he could recall making when this event had actually taken place.

He knew what to anticipate if he didn’t wake himself up. Several more hours of impatiently holding it as he tried not to contort too obviously. By the end, he was going to be curled up on himself, as close to the table in front of him as he could get, to shield the iron grip he had on his dick. At last, they would be dismissed, but he still wouldn’t be freed from his torment for at least one MORE hour as he struggled to find a restroom door no one would witness him going through.

And after that… His bladder contracted hard as he was able to remember how good it had felt to pee that day. He remembered how he’d shivered with relief, how he’d needed to keep a hand against the wall to stabilize himself, how it had gone on for minutes and he’d needed a few seconds to compose himself afterwards.

Recalling all of that wasn’t doing him any favors now. Agony flared against his opening and he doubled forwards, a leak sloshing out of him. He felt the warmth encasing his dick and knew that the loss of control hadn’t only been in his imagination. In the real world, he’d just peed a bit onto himself. He HAD to wake up NOW—

He was going to provoke Frieza again. Scaring himself awake was the only thing he hadn’t tried yet. And, he WANTED to squirm some more anyway. When another leak ebbed out of him he tensed his lower muscles and crossed his legs before allowing them to bounce. Either he’d make the dream Frieza angry enough to try to kill him, or he’d fidget enough that Kakarot would notice and wake him. This would work…

Only, NOW Frieza suddenly wasn’t looking at him at all. Instead, he was addressing the Ginyus directly.

Vegeta knew how to GET his attention. He just had to SAY something. Complain, out loud, about how badly he needed to pee. He didn’t even need to feel humiliated doing it, none of this was real!

But, it seemed Vegeta could not openly discuss his bladder even in his dreams. When he tried to speak, his throat tightened up and all he managed was a pained moan that coincided with another warm rush of liquid soaking his inner thighs. He couldn’t stop leaking, and that was alarming. In real life, when this had ACTUALLY happened, he hadn’t spilled a drop before getting to the toilet.

Frieza turned to look at him, and a smile tugged at his lips rather than the deadly scowl Vegeta had been hoping for. THIS hadn’t happened in real life, either. At no point had Frieza smirked at him like that…

Vegeta made himself sit up straighter, his abdominal muscles squeezing hard against each other, bearing down on the heavy knot of liquid aching for release. He was slowly losing it now, a small drip emerging every second. He couldn’t believe he was going to wet himself in his sleep again, even while AWARE that he was dreaming! His brain was holding him hostage, refusing to let him wake up.

Was he going to relive this entire horrible day before he could get up? That wouldn’t do any good! He was positive that, once he reached the moment where he’d finally been able to empty himself, he would pee for real, full-force.

He needed to get up before that happened.

Frieza suddenly stopped talking for a second. He gave Vegeta another odd smile, then said; “Perhaps it’s a good time for a break,” he said. “You all have fifteen minutes. Go.”

Vegeta watched as the Ginyus and his fellow Saiyans all hurried for the door. Vegeta could recall that, in real life, EVERYONE had been quite uncomfortable by the end of the meeting— Part of why Vegeta had had SUCH a hard time finding a restroom he could use afterwards.

But, in real life, Frieza hadn’t stopped for a break.

What was causing things to change all of the sudden? DID Vegeta have some control over this dream after all?

Maybe if he left this room, he’d be able to wake up? He wasn’t going to go NEAR any restrooms, even if one of them happened to be extra private and look incredibly tempting to him. He expected that to be the case, this dream was trying to torture him, it was going to offer him the PERFECT spot to pee if he gave it the chance. It was going to try to coax him into having an accident…

“Vegeta,” Frieza said before Vegeta even started to stand up. “YOU can stay here.”

Vegeta looked away. This was HIS dream, he didn’t have to obey Frieza, he could leave if he wanted to, Frieza didn’t control him, Frieza was dead, this wasn’t real, he could—

When he decided to stand up and storm out, his body didn’t cooperate. He remained rooted to his spot, his bladder shuddering and making him scissor his legs back and forth. He was squirming so blatantly, in front of Frieza…

‘NOT. REAL,’ he reminded himself. ‘It doesn’t matter’. But, it DID matter to him, he was utterly ashamed. Real or not, he felt so vulnerable and humiliated with Frieza watching over him like this. “Why can’t—“

“Because you can’t,” Frieza stated. “Silly monkey. You KNOW you can’t.”

Vegeta wasn’t sure what Frieza meant by that. This dream wasn’t letting him stand up for some reason, was that—

“You know that you’re not strong enough,” Frieza told him. “And don’t think I never noticed it.”

“Noticed wha—“

“I believe you know,” Frieza said. “One of the reasons I never felt threatened by you. All your yammering about being a ‘super Saiyan’, your insistence that someday you’d defeat me, all the while it was so obvious that you couldn’t accomplish one of the most simple tasks.”

Wait… Did Frieza mean he knew about Vegeta’s problem?

‘DREAM Frieza,’ Vegeta thought. Nothing the imaginary version of the tyrant said had any bearing on what the real one knew and didn’t know. No way the real Frieza knew, he definitely would have mentioned it to taunt him at some point. Vegeta couldn’t remember him ever doing that.

Right…?

Vegeta remembered being seven, a couple years after his planet’s destruction, desperate to pee on Frieza’s ship and trying not to show it. He remembered how he’d been trying to get to a toilet all day, but Raditz just wouldn’t leave him alone and he couldn’t make himself enter the restroom when the other Saiyan was latched to his side and would see him do it. He’d ordered Raditz to screw off multiple times, and he HADN’T.

Vegeta had pulled his cape across his front to try and shield his squirming from Raditz, which made walking down the hall without tripping a little trickier. “Leave me alone!” He snapped. “I won’t play with low-class scum like you!”

“But we’re the only kids here,” Raditz whined. “I’m bored. Spar with me!”

“Weren’t you supposed to have a brother that survived?” Vegeta asked. As he kept pacing, he saw the door to another restroom. He wanted to go in there so bad that it was making him salivate. If only Raditz would leave… “Go find him!”

“I don’t even know where he got sent to!” Raditz said. “How’m I supposed to find him?!”

“I don’t care! Just stop bugging me!” Vegeta commanded. He shuffled between his feet, sweating. He wanted to yell “I have to go to the bathroom! I’ll deal with you after I’m finished!” But, the words wouldn’t come out. They were just… They were too unseemly for a prince to say, that was it…

Frieza had walked down the hall then, he’d sneered at the two young Saiyans, glancing carefully at Vegeta’s feet and the weird way he’d wrapped himself up in his cape. “Hello, ‘Prince’,” he said. “Are you cold? Need something nice and warm to drink…?”

Vegeta couldn’t drink anything, he had too much water in him already. He just needed Raditz to go away. And Frieza. He needed both of them gone so he could go inside the restroom without anyone finding out he had to pee…

Vegeta shook his head back and forth.

“I want some!” Raditz said.

Frieza stared at Vegeta for another moment, then sighed. “Very well…” then he and Raditz were walking away.

Finally…

Vegeta waited for them to leave the hall. Frieza kept looking back at him! Why was he doing that? It was making him itchy!

Once he was sure they were gone, he’d hurried to the bathroom.

And, really soon after that, Frieza had said “You look much more comfortable now, Vegeta… I wonder what may have been bothering you earlier?”

Vegeta remembered another mission from when he’d been older. Frieza had forced him to travel with one of the weakest soldiers, Graype. Frieza insisted that being paired up with an elite would show the new recruit how it was done. Vegeta was instructed not to leave Graype’s side at any point, and that he would be keeping careful watch to ensure he obeyed this command. Then, he’d explained the planet they were going to was very hot, and so it was imperative that they both drink lots of water before embarking.

By that point, Vegeta had ALREADY learned to be wary of over-hydrating himself, so it was no small task to get all that liquid down without complaining. The two were off, and when they arrived Vegeta discovered Frieza had been mistaken when he’d said this planet was abnormally warm. It didn’t feel any worse than being on the ship. Which meant that, unless Vegeta got into some really tough fights, he wouldn’t be sweating out much of that water.

And he ALREADY had to go…

To make matters worse, there were a lot of deep craters on this planet, which would provide adequate privacy if Vegeta wanted to take care of anything. Were it not for the fact that he needed to stay by Graype’s side through this whole trip to evade Frieza’s wrath, he wouldn’t even need to worry.

But, Vegeta couldn’t order Graype to go ‘scope out their surroundings’ for a few minutes while he hid somewhere and relieved his bladder. He knew he wasn’t strong enough to defeat Frieza yet, he couldn’t risk being killed for disobedience just because he wanted to pee.

And no way in Hell was he going to tell Graype that his bladder was bothering him…

Graype admitted that he had to pee after all of the water and the long trip, so Vegeta scoffed, rolled his eyes, and told him to be fast about it. Vegeta was then forced to try to block out the noise as his own need fizzed aggressively inside him. After Graype had finished, he remarked “Even after he made us drink THAT much, you don’t have to go? They weren’t kidding, you ARE strong.”

And that had cinched it. Vegeta was NOT going to pee a drop.

He waited through the entirety of the mission, the water filtering aggressively through his system and ensuring that he needed to spend the entire flight back with his hands pinched around his dick. But, he hadn’t done that in front of Graype, so it was fine. He’d shown Graype how powerful he was, that was what mattered.

When they got back though, all that mattered was getting to a fucking toilet before his bladder had an aneurism. Frieza stopped them, however. He wanted to know how the mission had gone, in complete detail. Vegeta was forced to stand there, hands clamped behind his back so he didn’t grab at himself again, as he rattled off everything Frieza wanted to know. His knees kept rubbing together and his tail kept slapping against the wall beside him.

“Vegeta, did you have any problems staying next to Graype?” Frieza prompted.

“I did as you asked,” Vegeta stated monotonously.

“Was it difficult for you? I know how the ‘prince’ likes his alone-time…”

“It was f—fine,” Vegeta said.

“What’s going on with your tail? Did you injure it?”

“No. Wh—What else do you need?”

“That is all,” Frieza said. “Be on your ways now.”

Graype tried to follow after Vegeta, but Vegeta ordered him away. “Frieza was right, my tail hurts. Should probably go get it checked out.” Once he was out of sight, Vegeta hurried back to his sleeping quarters and finally let his bladder release.

Vegeta could also remember something Frieza had said on Namek. He hadn’t needed to pee at the time, but when Frieza caught him and the others trying to use the dragon balls, Vegeta had had that… thing happen. That thing where his chest constricted and his throat closed up and he suddenly couldn’t remember how breathing worked, so he just started to choke, convulse and hyperventilate while his vision swirled.

Frieza had taunted Vegeta and the others a LOT, but at one point he had zeroed in on how Vegeta had reacted to him. “Surprised you didn’t piss in your pants,” he’d said. “But, I guess that’s unlikely with you.”

At the time, Vegeta had thought that was just Frieza begrudgingly admitting Vegeta WAS tough. Now, he wasn’t so sure. What if that had been Frieza trying to inform him that he KNEW? That he knew it was unlikely for Vegeta to have an accident because it was unlikely for Vegeta to be able to pee at all?

In that case, that meant Frieza had figured out what the problem was before Vegeta himself had! Vegeta hadn’t realized there was anything actually WRONG until he and Nappa were going to Earth! Up until then, he’d thought he just liked privacy and that he wanted to prove how strong his bladder was. Up until then, he hadn’t considered that the ‘feeling’ he sometimes got was a sign of anything more serious.

If Frieza had figured it out first, that meant he’d been observing Vegeta’s behaviors and habits extremely closely. He’d likely been doing it ever since the day Vegeta had had an accident as a four year old.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Vegeta told Frieza now. “What have you noticed?”

“You spent your life preparing to kill me,” Frieza said. “Which, you failed to do. You expected me to fear you, when you’re so weak that you can’t even make your own body comply with your demands.”

The real Frieza had said that last part to him once. When Vegeta had first heard the legend of the Super Saiyan, immediately he’d thought he’d be able to do it if he tried. And, he had tried, in one of the rooms on Frieza’s ship, he’d tried to make himself do it. But, it hadn’t worked.

Frieza had walked in on him attempting it and shook his head, “You honestly think YOU will be able to realize the legend? Really. You can’t even make your own body comply with your demands.”

Vegeta had assumed Frieza had been referring to his inability to turn Super Saiyan, but if Frieza had KNOWN all along… Maybe he’d meant something more like “I doubt anyone who can’t PEE will be able to pull THAT off, Vegeta.”

But, he WAS a Super Saiyan now, he’d proven Frieza wrong…

“I did know, Vegeta,” Frieza said. “It provided me with so much entertainment, for years. Watching you trying to sneak around, denying your needs anytime you were questioned, stammering like a scared, little child. It made it easy to forget you were supposed to be any kind of great warrior. I thought you having an accident at four was hilarious, but for THIS to be what follows, to know that I was able to destroy you like this without even striking you…” Frieza laughed. “Think of it as my little gift to you.”

Vegeta didn’t care about waking up anymore. He’d felt himself leak once again, but that barely fazed him. THIS dream-Frieza was the worst one he’d ever encountered, he wanted to kill him in the most brutal, violent way possible. He raised his hands, but instead of firing anything, he just flinched from how much it hurt him to move them off his groin. Frieza kept laughing, and the sound was making Vegeta feel very, very cold. He shook, teeth chattering.   He HAD to kill him, Frieza NEEDED to die again and again and aga—

Vegeta finally opened his eyes, the view of Frieza’s obnoxious, smug face being replaced by the sight of the sky. He was still ice-cold, save for his side and part of his shoulder which felt like it had something draped over—

Vegeta shot to his feet when he realized he was… Ah, gross! No! He’d just been… He’d been pressed right up against Kakarot! They’d been… touching… Yuck! He would have preferred staying in the Frieza-dream! Anything was better than waking up like… LIKE THAT!

His arms shook with chills, protesting his decision to leave Kakarot’s embrace. He refused to return to it, however. He’d warmed up enough that he no longer felt like he’d die. He’d only ever hug Kakarot again if his life was literally in danger.

Kakarot had fallen asleep too. Gah, if they’d been THAT close together, Vegeta really didn’t understand why Kakarot hadn’t noticed all the flailing he must have been doing. It should have woken him up!

Nnnh, and he STILL really had to go. He felt some dampness between his legs and decided to pretend it was all just left-over from when he’d jumped in the lake. Could he try to use a tree? Kakarot was HERE, even if he wasn’t up and keeping watch for him, or… Saying anything. Vegeta COULD go outside if he was alone sometimes. It took a whole lot longer, but as long as he didn’t sense anything coming near him, it usually worked eventually.

The cold nipped aggressively at his bladder, encouraging him to hurry up. Adding to his dilemma was how terribly numb most of his body felt. He could barely feel his legs, making it more difficult to tense them up against the flood. Even with gloves on, it was tricky to get his fingers to curl, even though he badly wanted to grip himself while he had the privacy to do so.

He had privacy, the only other creature he could sense around here was Kakarot, he should be able to just GO if he stood there long enough. Vegeta went to a tree and got his clothing apart. He pulled himself out, and—

Ohhh, fuck! This was— Nope! He did not like this at all! He hadn’t even been THINKING about how, in order to urinate, he was going to have to expose his most sensitive parts to the cold. The most confusing feeling overtook him— His dick felt so cold that, somehow, it was burning. He couldn’t make sense of how that even WORKED, but he DID know that the sensation was intolerable.

The sensation in his bladder was intolerable too, though. He had to get it drained before he could tuck his dick back away. He bore down on his holding muscles, trying to get that done as quickly as he could but, as ever, his bladder was refusing to comply.

His patience wore out MUCH faster than usual, which was saying a lot. He barely tolerated his bladder’s stubborn attitude for a full thirty seconds before he was frustratedly putting his clothes back together and trying to warm up again.

Then, he was shoving Kakarot. “Get up!”

“Vegeta…?” Kakarot asked, bleary eyed. “What’s wrong?”

Vegeta waited for that usual ‘recognition’ to show on Kakarot’s face, but it didn’t. Vegeta knew he was twitching, knew his knees were rubbing, knew it looked like he had to pee.

When he had to pee, he looked like he was cold.

He was going to have to SAY it this time.

THAT made his body start to warm up a bit, but he wasn’t grateful for it at all. “K—Kakarot… I… Would like to relieve myself now.”

“Oh,” Kakarot said, glancing around. “Well, I think this is a good spot, I don’t sense anything. And, I guess since it didn’t get cold enough on those other planets, you’ve never gotten to write your name in the snow before. This’ll be fun!”

Vegeta stared at him, the gears in his brain stuttering as they tried to make sense of what he’d just said. “Kakarot, what are you on about? Is the cold getting to your head? You don’t have many braincells left to lose.”

“You know,” Kakarot said. “‘Cause pee’s warm, so it’ll melt the snow, and then you can write and draw stuff.”

Vegeta kept staring, then glared. “That is disgusting, Kakarot! You seriously think that I would EVER do something so childish and—“

“It’s fun,” Kakarot repeated. “You’ll probably have to write more than just your name, though. ‘Cause of how much you always—“

“KAKAROT— I—“ Muttering to himself, Vegeta turned around to face a tree. “Why does HE have to be the only one I can do this in front of…”

“It’s kinda tricky at first, way harder than aiming normally since you’re trying to—“

“I’m not doing that! I’m NEVER doing that! Stop talking about it!” Vegeta was hesitant about pulling himself out, now that he knew what exposing himself to the cold felt like, he was dreading having to go through it a second time. He thought he could deal with it if he was already peeing within seconds, but if he had to wait that way for minutes like he usually did, it would be too aggravating to put up with. He knew what he needed and, groaning, he made himself ask for it. “Kakarot, just… Say all that nonsense like you usually do, alright?”

Kakarot complied, going on and on about how Vegeta was too strong to allow such a small thing to hold him back, how he could do anything he wanted, how his problem was nothing in the face of his power.

Vegeta felt the pinching twinge that always preceded his bladder loosening. He hurried to pull himself out and was pleased when he managed to do it the second he started to dribble. He hadn’t allowed ANYTHING to soak into his clothes.

The cold bit into his exposed flesh, and he was still at the stage where pushing his urine out just stung but, wary of having to start all over again, he clenched his jaw and forced himself to endure the discomfort. He forced himself to lean into the unpleasant feelings, knowing that it was the only way he’d ever get his stream to pick up and grant him the relief he needed.

After a few more infuriating seconds of burning leaks, he felt a snap within him and at last everything was pouring out like he wanted it to. That was better… He actually warmed up a little, and THAT nearly made him moan. He had to focus very hard on Kakarot’s chi to remind himself not to make any embarrassing noises.

“There, see?” Kakarot said. “You’ve got this!”

Dammit, why did hearing that have to make him feel so good?! He could sometimes accept that he did, in fact, like to hear Kakarot compliment him if they were fighting together. He did sort of enjoy Kakarot being impressed if he showed off a new move. That was… Fine. Any acknowledgement of his greatness was always welcome.

But, he had the same feeling now— When it was something so utterly—

“Uuummm, Vegeta? Is it okay if I go now, too?” Kakarot asked.

Vegeta didn’t think he had to hear anything else out of Kakarot, and he trusted Kakarot could still keep watch while he pissed. “Fine. I don’t care.”

Seconds later, Vegeta heard the rustle of clothing and then saw a second stream spraying beside his own.

“Dammit, Kakarot!” Vegeta snapped, trying to focus his attention just on his own aim. He was amazed he was still going, amazed his bladder was still loose and draining, rather than tightening back down again.

“…Huh?” Kakarot asked. “You said I could pee!“

“I didn’t mean RIGHT NEXT TO ME when there were TONS of other places you could have—“

“Th—That bothers you?” Kakarot said, and his voice had so much genuine CONCERN in it that it really sounded like he was surprised. “I’m sorry! I didn’t know! I thought, since you can do it in front of me, that meant— I mean, you haven’t STOPPED, so—“

“Of course it bothers me!” Vegeta exclaimed, flustered. “Even if I’m still able to… Just— Just don’t stand next to me when we’re doing this!”

“Okay, I won’t next time,” Kakarot said.

Vegeta tried to concentrate again. Kakarot was so distracting! And he was… He was actually playing that juvenile, little ‘game’ he’d been blathering about. He was actually trying to spell his name with his piss. His Earth name, anyway. Which was probably the better option— It was shorter, and Kakarot couldn’t hold as much.

Vegeta could write HIS name easily, and then have plenty left over. He’d be able to write his name much LARGER than Kakarot could.

… No.

He COULD do that, but he wasn’t GOING to.

Which would cause Kakarot to win by defau—

Vegeta turned slightly and started to— Ah, he couldn’t believe he was actually doing this! It was so childish, it was beneath him! It was also— Why was it so difficult to do this right? His aim wasn’t bad, he was sure it was far better than Kakarot’s! If Chi-Chi was to be believed, then TRUNKS had had better aim than Kakarot by the time he was three!

When Vegeta tried it with both hands he was finally able to get it to look right. The V was wonky, but the rest was fine. And the letters were larger than Kakarot’s, which was all that mattered. He realized he’d managed to get so focused on that task that he hadn’t even THOUGHT about how he was peeing outside, instead of in a locked, private room. He hadn’t paid attention to that at all, the usual stress had disappeared.

By the time Vegeta was done, Kakarot had already been finished for a while. Even though he’d started AFTER Vegeta. The reminder of how much larger his own bladder was gave Vegeta another slight confidence boost.

“So, you DID do it,” Kakarot noted, looking at the snow. “And you wrote it bigger.”

Vegeta would usually feel embarrassed if Kakarot commented on the size of the puddle he’d made. Not this time, though. “Of course, just another way to remind you that you could NEVER match me.”

