Ban Sang-Mi Wees Her Tights

Author: Skirt Accident

*000*2020-02-20 20:49

The embarrassing adventures of Ban Sang-Mi, the pretty protagonist of this naughty little story, continue.

$/57323-ban-sang-mi-poos-her-skirt/

Today, she's not pooing in her skirt, but weeing in it - so if messing puts you off, this one is for you. Some hot BDSM sex, too!

Ban Sang-Mi looked gorgeous in her new outfit her boyfriend has bought for her - a cute little black miniskirt and black tights. Her tights would keep her legs nice and warm on the walk they were going on today, while showing off how lovely they were. Min-Jun ran his hand up his girlfriend's thigh and rested it on her bottom. It was so tight, and he just wanted to smack it. But he turned and kissed his girlfriend instead, feeling her bottom as he did.

"You're so cute," he said. "Come on."

They set off for a stroll along the riverbank, with Sang-Mi's arm around Min-Jun and his resting on her bottom. Her heart was racing at how romantic it was. They stopped by the river and looked out at the birds floating on it.

"Look, there's a crane," said Min-Jun, pointing towards it.

Sang-Mi looked, and listened to the sound of the running water. It should have been tranquil, but she realised that she urgently needed to wee, and really should have used the toilet before she went out. There were no toilets on this path either. She felt a hint of panic. Her last accident had completely shaken her faith in her ability to hold it. What if she couldn't, and ended up piddling in her skirt? She'd ruin her lovely new tights, and Min-Jun would mock her for it. Not wanting to interrupt their romantic outing, she gulped and crossed her legs. She would just have to wait until they found a public toilet. Hopefully that wouldn't be too long.

It was. As they walked along listening to the river running, she was getting more and more desperate and there was no public toilet in sight. She tried as hard as she could to hide her urge, but the pain was already showing on her face. If they didn't find somewhere soon, she'd end up having an accident. She pulled her phone out of her skirt pocket and searched for public toilets in the area. There was one, not too far away! She'd make it, as long as she stayed calm.

Min-Jun looked down over his girlfriend's shoulder.

"Looking up toilets..." he said. "So you need to go."

"Yes, I do," she said, blushing. "I really should have gone before I went out, and now I'm really bursting."

"So hot," he said. "How about you try to hold it until we get home?"

"No," she said. "I know how that will end, it will be like one of those dirty videos you like. I'm going to use the toilet like an adult woman."

"Fine," he said, a little dismayed. "But if you do fancy holding it, I'll reward you when we get home."

"No," she said. "I'm not going to humiliate myself in public for you. That's it."

"Alright," he said. He clutched her bottom a little harder. It was so hot to know she had a bursting bladder under that skirt - but he respected her wish to use the toilet and didn't put his hand on it. It would be so tempting to start tickling her, but he didn't.

Sang-Mi felt confident of getting to the toilet, but as she got closer the urge was getting worse and worse.

"We need to speed up," she said. "This is really an emergency."

Min-Jun sped up, with his cock now visibly straining against his trousers. The thought of her soaking her tights was just hot beyond belief.

"Look, there are the public toilets," he said. "You can use them."

Sang-Mi sighed in relief, then moaned at the sight of the queue for the ladies'.

"I can't believe it..." she said. "Fuck...it'll be fucking agony...sorry for being so unladylike, but..."

She crossed her legs and clutched her bladder. Min-Jun's cock strained even harder.

"Go on," he said, patting her lightly on the bottom. It was so tempting to smack her and make her wee, but he didn't. He would be a good boyfriend and let her use the toilet. She got in the queue and began to squirm. It felt so undignified to be wee dancing in front of families, but it was the only way she could avoid leaking. The proximity of the toilet was just unbearable. She tried to distract herself by thinking of video games, which could take her mind off her bladder for a bit. But the pain was getting worse and worse and worse, and the queue was moving so slowly.

She had been waiting for 5 minutes, and there were still 2 people in front of her. It was so tempting to just leak a little in her skirt. It was black, and no one would notice. But Min-Jun would. He always noticed. And she couldn't let him win like that. She had to keep on holding it. She gritted her teeth, clutched her bladder, and moaned in pain. Not too much longer now. Just one more person...and then she could go. But not quite yet. She had to just hold it for a few more minutes. The woman in front of her entered the toilet. She was next! She could go next. She clenched her trembling legs together. She noticed that Min-Jun was watching her, struggling not to start masturbating in public at the sight of his girlfriend's agony. He was barely keeping his composure. And she would, too.

The toilet door opened. She could go. She sighed in relief...and felt hot wee spurt into her knickers, soaking the crotch of her tights. She squealed in distress, clutching her groin and barely managing to stem the leak, before stumbling into the toilet. While stepping past the door, she stepped on a puddle of water, and skidded across the floor, barely managing to stay standing. A torrent of wee burst from her aching bladder and gushed down her legs, drenching her tights. Slamming the door shut, she sobbed as wee poured from her skirt and splashed onto the floor. Not even bothering to take down her soaked tights, she lifted her skirt and let the last of her wee drip from her tights into the toilet.

She looked up at the mirror. Her face was streaked with tears. How could she humiliate herself like this? How? She was so pathetic. She tried to soak the wee out of her tights with toilet paper, then sheepishly washed her hands and traipsed out of the toilet back to her boyfriend.

"Sang-Mi, it's alright you didn't make it," he said. "With those black tights no one will notice on the way home."

"Really?" she said, sniffing.

"Yes, really," he said. "People aren't very observant. In fact, you could have just weed your skirt on the path and it would have been fine. I'd have liked that, too."

"I hope you're right," she said. "I don't want to be fucking humiliated like this ever again..."

"It's alright," he said, stroking her bottom through her damp skirt. "Come on, let's go home."

He was right. No one noticed the smell of wee from under her skirt as they walked back. Not even their neighbours who said hello to them while Sang-Mi blushed. She had got away with an accident. Except for the people who had heard her whimper as she wet herself in the toilet, of course.

After they had closed their apartment door behind them, Min-Jun turned to her. "Naughty little accidents like that have consequences," he said. He opened his flies to demonstrate, showing his stiff cock. "It goes without saying that you're going to get fucked. Hard. But first, we have some foreplay."

If Min-Jun's idea of punishment was intense sex, she could live with that. But the foreplay might get nasty. Her heart sank as she saw him come back with the paddle.

"That little bottom of yours is in for a spanking," he said. "Come on."

He sat on a chair and indicated for her to lie across his lap. Trembling in anticipation, she did, feeling his cock press into her. She knew that if it got too painful, she could cry the safe word and he would stop. But she didn't want to be a sissy who gave in to a little spanking. She would take her punishment like a mature woman.

She felt her skirt being roughly yanked up, then a massive paddle blow to her tense bottom through her wet tights. It stung so much that tears came to her eyes. Then another blow came, and another, and another, each somehow making the pain even worse. It was just too painful for her to bear. She had to say the safe word.

"My hovercraft is full of eels," she said, wondering why her boyfriend had chosen such a ridiculous phrase. "I can't take it anymore, stop..."

Min-Jun immediately dropped the paddle and gently stroked her bottom, still quivering from the spanking. "It's alright," he said. "I was so turned on by your accident, I went a little hard, that's all. Are you still up for sex?"

"Yes," she said. "But please be gentle."

He carefully rolled Sang-Mi's tights down and lowered her to the floor, then thrust himself into her.

"Please go more gently..." she said. He did, and rolled his hips as he pleasured her. Sang-Mi felt herself edging closer and closer to orgasm. The humiliation had left her very aroused, and this was taking her to the edge...and over it. She moaned in pleasure as she quaked from the climax. She felt Min-Jun climax, too, pushing deep into her vagina.

"That was so hot..." she said, near breathless. "But please don't spank me so hard. I just can't take that much pain."

"Alright," said Min-Jun. "I have some...alternative punishments in store in case you have another accident. And I think you'll enjoy them a lot more."

Ban Sang-Mi really didn't want to have another accident. But she really wanted to know what those enjoyable punishments were.

