A Fateful Decision

Author: Sunfyre

*000*2025-06-16 13:05

Hi everyone! I haven't posted in awhile. Since I'm still working on the longer stories, I thought I would share this short I wrote in the meantime. I hope you like it!

It was just another night shift at the gas station. Boring and mundane. It was probably around 2 or 3am, I don’t remember exactly what time. Few people except the occasional weirdo come in this late, so I could get paid for basically doing nothing but scrolling on Webtoon or playing Genshin. I was in the middle of an episode of Tower of God when I heard the door open. I looked up to see a cute girl with long, dark hair and alt makeup approaching me. She seemed to be in distress, frantically bouncing up and down, with one hand pressed into her skirt.

“Oh my god, I’m about to explode, please tell me you have a bathroom here!”

Something unexplainable happened. At that moment, I could’ve just given her the bathroom key, and pointed her around the corner to where our perfectly functional bathroom was. The key was sitting on the counter behind the cash register, after all. But before I could even think, words just came out of my mouth.

“I’m really sorry, our toilet is out of order. But there’s a McDonald’s just a few miles down the street that’s still open.” I could feel a strange sense of excitement rising as my mind began to race. She probably can’t make it a few miles. What am I doing? Why did I lie?! What do I do now, I can’t take back what I said!

The words I said must have been soul-crushing. I locked eyes with her for a split second, and saw the panic and desperation rising. This was her only chance. I imagined the minutes leading up to this moment; the girl struggling to hold it in after a long drive home, desperately searching for a place to stop, and the anticipation of relief as she threw her car in park.

“No! Oh fuck –”

She crossed her legs and doubled over, letting out a muffled whimper as her tights began to glisten. She managed to regain control temporarily, burying her hands in her crotch. Her face flushed with embarrassment, knowing a total stranger was witnessing her accident on full display.

In a final act of desperation, the girl stumbled to the bathroom door and yanked on it, but it was of course locked. What she didn’t know was that behind that door was a working toilet. She let out a cry as a jet of urine escaped between her fingertips, splattering onto the floor. It was the beginning of the end, and I had sealed the fate of this poor girl. She collapsed against the wall, moaning loudly as the floodgates finally opened, and an audible hiss filled the otherwise quiet space.

I was mesmerized by the scene unfolding before me. Pee soaked her skirt and tights, before pooling into a rapidly expanding puddle on the floor. I stood there, dumbfounded and frozen for a few moments before snapping myself back to reality.

“Uh –”

“I’m so sorry!” she choked out, before running out the open front door, crying and completely drenched from the waist down. As I shuffled to get the mop and some bleach, the events of the last few minutes replayed over and over again in my mind. I had just now began to process what I’d just done. I just made a girl pee her pants right in front of me.

