He's Doing So Well

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2018-09-09 06:34

I actually started writing another story yesterday, but I decided the scenario was too similar to one's I've done before and the chaptered one I plan to do next, so I decided to go with this one. Hope you like it!

###

“Oh, Logan!!”

Logan held back a sigh, and instead pasted a smile on his face, poising his notepad in front of him. Based on the tone of Mrs. Haskins’ voice, he already knew what she was going to say, and it wasn’t going to be her order.

“How’s Jada doing, honey? How’s your mom? Has your dad been able to make it up there to see them?”

“They’re doing OK,” Logan answered, starting his patented vague update. “The doctors say Jada’s numbers are going in the right direction.”

“That’s wonderful!” Mrs. Haskins beamed. “We’re all praying for her and your family.”

“Thanks, Mrs. Haskins.” Logan paused for just a second, for politeness. “Can I take your order?”

Having fulfilled the societally-mandated duty of checking up on Logan’s family, Mrs. Haskins and her friend ordered a couple of club sandwiches and fries. Logan noted the meals down carefully and took the order back to the grill.

Of course, it wasn’t just at work that Logan had to answer near-identical questions about his family. Ever since 10-year-old Jada had been diagnosed with leukemia, it seemed like every adult in town – at school, at the diner, at the grocery store, wherever – wanted to stop Logan to express their sympathies and ask how Jada was doing. Logan understood, but when the diner was busy, he just wanted to do his job.

Now nearing the end of his senior year in high school, Logan had worked at the Silver Spoon Diner for almost two years. It was owned and run by Mike and Joanne Neeley, a local family who regularly hired high school students to work as servers. It was a small but busy place, with one long counter and a few tables and booths. Logan took orders, served food, poured drinks, and generally helped keep things moving, especially on weeknights like the current Wednesday.

It was just before 8:00, and it was just Logan, Ned the dishwasher, and Trey, the Neeley’s youngest son, working the grill. Trey had just finished his junior year at college and was home for a few weeks before starting his summer internship. Having been raised in the diner, Trey (and his siblings) always helped out when they were home.

Logan didn’t know Trey too well, but the young man seemed nice enough. At least he didn’t make constant comments about Logan’s family. He just let Logan do his job, which was all Logan really wanted, at least for a few hours per week. But it was a small enough town that Logan could never really escape well-meaning people who wanted to ask questions and express their support.

Logan set drinks down in front of Mrs. Haskins and her friend. As her turned away, he heard Mrs. Haskins mutter yet another common refrain of the past few months.

“He’s doing so well. His parents are lucky to have him.”

Logan closed his eyes briefly as he rounded the corner. “…doing so well…lucky…”

Adults said it all the time these days. And with every person that comments on how well Logan was holding up, how wonderful it was that his parents didn’t have to worry about him, Logan’s soul calcified just a little.

At 18 years old, Logan was plenty independent and mature for his age. He loved being an older brother, and he doted on Jada. When she’d been diagnosed, Logan had naturally made the unspoken decision to help however he could. As their mom had moved 4 hours away to be with Jada at the children’s cancer ward, and their dad had taken on extra work to help pay for expenses, it turned out that Logan’s best option for helping was to take care of himself – keep working, getting himself to school, and continuing to cover his own expenses, so he didn’t have to ask anything of his stressed parents.

He’d Facetime with Jada at least once per day, to try to cheer her up. He hadn’t been able to visit her yet, since he worked every weekend, but he always made time to respond to her texts.

So yes, Logan’s parents were lucky to have him. He was well aware of that. And the pressure to remain helpful and unobtrusive was drowning him on dry land.

But Logan couldn’t afford to drown or breakdown or otherwise stop. He was graduating in a few weeks, and he’d already been accepted to an out-of-state college, prospects that were overwhelming enough for any high school senior. With his sister’s cancer and his parents’ completely understandable tension, Logan barely even knew where to look. Instead, he just kept his head down, studying for his finals and working. As long as he kept busy, he could handle the pressure impinging on him from all sides.

“Order up!”

Logan blinked his eyes open and stepped up to the counter in front of the grill to grab Mrs. Haskins’ sandwich platter. He smiled as he placed the food down, then walked out from behind the counter to check on the customers in the main lobby.

It was one of those oddly busy weekday nights, when a steady stream of customers comes in at just such intervals that Logan never really got a break. Now, with the sun setting, Logan noticed for the first time that he had to go to the bathroom.

Logan frowned unconsciously. The feeling of fullness low in his abdomen felt both unwelcome and out of place. He hadn’t had a spare second to think about his body’s needs until right this second, but now that he was aware of how long it had been since he’d visited the restroom, the sensation became an unavoidable irritant, like a rock in his shoe that he didn’t have time to remove.

The bell above the door rang, signaling the entrance of another customer – a small group of girls from Logan’s school. Logan’s smile was automatic as he grabbed a stack of laminated menus to take to their chosen booth, but as soon as he turned away, his face fell.

Under other circumstances, Logan would’ve just called to the manager (Trey, currently) that he was taking a quick break, but with only one server and one person to work the grill, Logan didn’t feel comfortable leaving the floor empty of workers.

So he just kept working, for the next hour, keeping up with the steady flow of customers – seat, answer questions about his sister, order, food, check, clean up – all the while, feeling a growing sense of unease with the weight of his bladder between his hips.

Any time he wasn’t actively interacting with customers, in those brief seconds as he walked between tables and the kitchen, Logan’s mind reeled. His need was a problem that he couldn’t solve, and therefore, was an issue his brain couldn’t seem to process. In between service activities, he felt sick and whiny, like an overtired kid. He clenched and unclenched his fists, trying fruitlessly to release the increasing tension from his body.

But there was still work to be done, not overwhelming, but constant. Nominally, the diner closed at 10, but like most locally-owned places, the Neeleys would stay open as long as there were customers. With each jangle of the door, Logan felt his chest grow tighter as the frustration of not being able to take a bathroom break pulled his psyche like an overstretched rubber band.

All of a sudden, it was 9:45, and Logan was cleaning up the middle booth in the front. He heard clattering of dishes from the back, and he blinked, as if waking from a dream. He looked around to see that the dining room was empty – the table he was cleaning had been the last one.

Logan let out a long exhale, bracing his hands on the table. The brief moment of relief jolted his bladder, and he reflexively pressed his thighs together. After regaining his composure, he finished wiping down the table and lifted the basin of dirty dishes. He just had to deliver the basin to Ned in the back, and then he’d finally be able to pee.

“Everyone gone?”

Logan jumped slightly at the sound of Trey’s voice when he pushed through the swinging door to the back.

“Um, yeah,” he answered, clenching his pelvic muscles tightly to make up for the shock.

Trey nodded, scraping off the grill. “I won’t lock the door just yet, but we can start closing down. Can you roll some silverware for tomorrow?”

“Sure.” Logan had responded without thinking, his habit of obeying authority and being helpful practically mechanical at this point. Before he could even consider backpedaling and asking for a break (not that he would ultimately do that, but he would’ve considered it), Trey had already turned away, going to scrub down another part of the kitchen.

Logan felt his lower lip start to tremble, and he bit down hard. He felt awful and strained, but quickly became irritated at himself. This was his job; he was being paid to work until close, and that included helping set up for the following day.

Logan continued his way to the dishwashing station, setting down the basin next to the sink. Ned was almost finished with the last batch – he’d be able to finish what Logan brought him within minutes and be done for the night. Logan cringed with inadvertent jealousy, but he didn’t say anything. He just reached around to the basket of clean flatware on the shelf. At least Ned kept each utensil in a separate section, so Logan wouldn’t have to dig around to fine one each of knives, forks, and spoons.

Grabbing a package of napkins, Logan situated himself behind the front counter, so he could keep an eye on the door. Rolling the flatware into napkins was a mindless job, and he could do it quickly, but at this point, he couldn’t stand still. He shifted his weight from foot to foot, occasionally rubbing his thighs together, and frequently, nervously looking behind him to make sure that neither Ned nor Trey were somehow staring at him. They weren’t, of course, but Logan’s nerves were frayed and his bladder was full, and logical thought wasn’t a strength of his at the moment.

Just as he was finishing the last few flatware bundles, Logan heard Trey come out from the back.

“It’s 10. I’m gonna turn off the outside signs and lock the door.”

Logan could have cried tears of joy at Trey’s pronouncement. At least he wouldn’t have to serve any more customers. He’d just finish these last rolls, and…

“Ned, you can go when you’re finished back there. Logan, can you double-check the ketchup bottles on the table, and then you can be done, too?”

Logan’s stomach clenched, and he felt a strong surge from his bladder. He shoved his hand into his crotch behind the counter without even checking if Ned could see him.

He wanted to whine. He wanted to writhe. He just wanted to pee, damnit! As the obedient, rational part of his brain was saying “Checking the ketchup bottles will only take a few minutes, and no one else is here, you can go as soon as you’re done,” the emotional, overwrought part was moaning in unintelligible agony.

But still he moved, setting the basket of rolled silverware on the kitchen counter and heading out to the front of the diner to check the condiments on each of the tables. He heard Ned call good night, but didn’t respond.

By some minor miracle, none of the ketchup bottles were low enough to require refilling. Logan slumped with relief at the last table, grabbing between his legs again for reassurance before he headed to the bathroom.

He rounded the corner down the hall, nearly crying with exhaustion. He couldn’t believe how long he’d been holding it, and he was so grateful to just be done. He grabbed the door handle…

Clunk.

Locked.

Trey had already locked the bathrooms for the night.

Logan had an accident right then and there. Just a little one, a brief, completely uncontrollable gush of urine that he felt soak right through his underwear and black pants. He instantly shoved his hand between his thighs, gripping tightly against the warm, wet fabric.

Breathing hard, Logan stayed hunched over, clenching tightly for several seconds. Somewhere in the very back of his mind, he knew that he could just ask Trey to open the bathroom, and he’d be fine.

But he wasn’t listening to that part of his brain right now. He couldn’t. His desperation overtook every cell of his body. He could handle everything in his life except having to pee so badly he was forced to hold himself like a child.

Choking on unshed tears, Logan hobbled out the door into the parking lot. He’d just drive home, he’d be able to pee at home…

But he couldn’t move. His keys were in his pocket, but he was leaking again. He was standing right next to the driver’s side door of his car, but he couldn’t move. Both of his hands were pressed against his dick, and he couldn’t move, or he would lose all control.

Whining and panting, throat raw from repressing sobs, Logan wound his legs together stubbornly. His refusal to give up was matched only by the utter futility of his efforts.

Logan let out a moan as the last of his defenses crumbled and he began to fully wet himself. He felt like his insides were collapsing. He was swallowed by the moment, caught in a whirlwind of wordless shame, hot liquid coursing down his legs. He could only whimper, brokenly, painfully, as urine forced itself from his body.

Every breath Logan took was shaky. He couldn’t tell when he actually stopped having an accident because he was trembling so badly.

“Logan.”

Blinking tears out of his eyes, Logan looked up to see Trey, standing in the middle of the parking lot, staring at him concernedly.

“I…”

Trey had walked out as Logan was wetting his pants, too late to do anything about it, but definitely in time to see the unmistakable trails of wetness shining under the streetlamps. Seeing a teenager have an accident was bad enough, but hearing Logan’s cracked, anguished voice, only able to rasp out a single syllable nearly broke Trey’s heart.

“Come on inside and change,” Trey offered, the keys already in his hand.

“I…I can’t…” Logan was trembling visibly.

“You still have your school clothes, right?” Trey knew that Logan came to work straight from school, and he made the correct assumption that he didn’t wear his polyester work pants in class.

Logan nodded mutely.

“Just come change inside,” Trey insisted, gently but firmly. He turned and walked back to open the diner before Logan could attempt to say anything else.

Vision still blurry with tears, Logan pulled his own keys out of his pocket, hands shaking. He was drained and defeated and all sorts of other feelings that he couldn’t name if he’d tried. He pulled his backpack out of the car and headed back inside.

The lights were on, and the door to the bathroom was propped open, but Logan didn’t see Trey anywhere. Head down, he slunk into the bathroom, unable to stop the shuddering feeling in his chest.

With the bathroom door closed behind him, Logan slumped down onto the toilet. For the first time, he made no effort to hold back the tears coursing down his face, but he did try to keep the sound of his cries to a minimum.

He couldn’t take it. He knew that there was nothing he could do now but change and go home, but the shame of peeing his pants was unbearable, at least for now.

Logan wept and sniffled for a few minutes, just long enough to get through the worst of his misery. As soon as he could piece together a coherent thought, he inhaled deeply and wiped his face across the back of his arm. The rational, demanding part of his brain was telling him that Trey was generously keeping the diner open, and he couldn’t make him wait any longer. He stripped off his gross, sopping pants and underwear, ran some wet paper towels up and down his legs, and slid on his jeans from school, swallowing disgust that was bordering on self-loathing.

Rolling up his wet pants as best as he could before shoving them into his backpack, Logan washed his hands, then cautiously opened the bathroom door. He knew he should than Trey, but a bigger part of him was hoping that the college student wasn’t there, so Logan could just sneak out and go home.

As he stepped out from the hallway, though, Logan saw Trey sitting at the counter, two plates in front of him. He looked back over his shoulder and smiled gently at the puffy-eyed teen.

“Here, man.” Trey gestured toward the plates. “You look like you could use some pie.”

Logan hesitated, torn between not wanting to offend Trey and desperately wanting to just go home.

“Peanut butter’s your favorite, right?” Trey encouraged.

Logan’s stomach growled audibly, giving him away. Shoulders slumped, he hoisted himself onto the stool next to Trey.

The two young men ate in silence for a few moments, and the creamy peanut butter pie really did make Logan feel better. During his long, break-less shift, he hadn’t gotten the chance to eat, either, even though the Neeleys always encouraged them to help themselves, taking at least bites here and there when it was busy.

Logan heard Trey draw in a breath beside him, and his momentary relaxation evaporated.

“So, Logan-“

“I’m sorry,” Logan interrupted, softly but nervously. “I didn’t mean to…I just…”

“Hey!’ Trey shook his head, face etched with pity. “Don’t worry about it, Logan. It was just an accident.”

Logan flinched at the word and stared down at his plate, too embarrassed to speak any further.

“No, I was going to ask-” Trey gazed sincerely at Logan “-how are you doing?”

Confused, Logan looked up. Trey had just said that it was an accident; was he asking if Logan was sick?

Trey did his best to keep his face neutral, even though he practically ached with sympathy for the broken teenager sitting next to him. Logan was so lost that he couldn’t even understand someone being concerned for him.

“It occurred to me,” Trey went on, shoving another forkful of pie into his mouth, “that everyone in here for the past few weeks has asked about your sister or your mom or something, and that’s great,” Trey swallowed, keeping his voice light, “but I haven’t heard anyone ask how you are.”

Logan’s shoulders tensed upward, and he poked at the last bite of his pie with his fork.

“So I figured,” Trey continued, correctly assuming that Logan wasn’t quite in a place where he could describe his own feelings yet, “that if no one is asking how you are, then maybe you’ve somehow gotten the message that you’re not allowed to not be OK. Or that somehow everything else matters more than how you’re feeling or what you need.”

This last comment struck Logan like a finger to the sternum, pointed and personal. Of course he should have known better, how stupid did he have to be to let himself get to the point of-

“So I figured,” Trey repeated, interrupting Logan’s rambling thoughts, “that I should really tell you that that’s not true.”

Trey paused here, staring meaningfully at Logan, so that the teen could feel his gaze, even without looking up.

“I can’t even imagine how hard it must be.” Trey’s voice was gentler, now. “With your sister being sick and your parents worrying about her, and you’re worried about her, and it’s your senior year, so you’ve got all of that regular stuff, and then you’re working and basically taking care of yourself, too.”

Hearing it out loud – and from someone else – was like stepping out from a steam room for Logan. He could breathe, he could see, he could be seen.

Trey watched as tension visibly melted from Logan’s muscles, but the teen still didn’t speak.

“Anyway,” Trey bit down on his last bite of pie. “I just wanted to let you know that I’m sorry I haven’t asked before. And I know I’m only here for a few more weeks, but I’m here if you ever need anything, and I know Mom and Dad are, too.”

Logan had put his fork down, knowing he wouldn’t be able to swallow over the lump in his throat.

Trey reached over and patted Logan on the shoulder. He was a hugger, himself, but he didn’t know Logan well enough to be sure that would be helpful.

Logan exhaled, deeply grateful for the reassurance, but the breath turned into a wide yawn. He covered his mouth, embarrassed, but Trey just grinned.

“Not to sound too much like my mom, but it’s late, and you have school tomorrow,” Trey chided. He stood from the stool and picked up the plates. “I’ll take care of these; you go home and get some rest.”

Logan slowly slid from his stool, feeling sore, like he’d finished a long workout. The skin on his legs felt stiff, and he knew he’d have to shower and do laundry when he got home. Despite Trey’s reassurance (and the delicious pie), the consequences of peeing his pants threatened to creep back over Logan.

“Hey!” Trey said bracingly, reaching out to clasp Logan’s shoulder again. “You good? Do you need me to stay?”

Logan raised his eyes to look at his earnest coworker. Trey really meant it; he could tell.

And that was enough.

It wouldn’t fix everything, of course. Logan still had a lot to face over the next few months, but it was enough for tonight. It was enough to assure him that Trey understood, that Trey didn’t blame him for his accident and wouldn’t tell anyone about it. It was enough to take just a tiny bit of the burden off of him, enough so that Logan could have the strength to make it home and clean up.

Logan flashed the barest of smiles at Trey, and Trey nodded in response before heading back to the kitchen. Sighing, Logan walked back out to his car, exhausted but feeling steadier than he had in months.

Maybe he wasn’t doing “so well.”

But he was doing what he had to do.

*005*2018-09-13 01:06

{{On 9/9/2018 at 4:12 AM, Pilly Christal said:

This was just amazing.

I always love your stories, but this one was special. This is a very important topic because often people forget that brothers like Logan has feelings as well, but they concentrate on someone else.

I liked Logan, he was so cute, and I wanted to hug him constantly. And there was Trey, who was perfect to comfort Logan. I'd read about them more, but I know it's a one-shot...

Thank you for sharing with us!

}}

I'm so glad you liked it!

{{On 9/9/2018 at 10:10 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was a excellent story

}}

Thank you!

{{On 9/9/2018 at 1:45 PM, AliasnameTO said:

Very sweet. I imagine this kind of backstory is more common than we think, but like you mentioned here, people don't really talk about it.

And about the quality itself, it's gotten to the point where I expect your stories to be really good, and am still regularly impressed.

}}

Oh, don't get all complimentary on me now! I'll stop trusting your feedback if it's only positive

{{On 9/10/2018 at 12:59 AM, Manowar said:

Very, very good story. I feel sorry for Ligan but he is doing well. Chapter 2 will come?

}}

No Chapter 2 on this one, but the next story that I'm planning has multiple parts!

*008*2018-09-20 00:36

{{On 9/13/2018 at 1:22 AM, JT Bull said:

Yeesss, another male-on-male! Please give yourself a pat on the back, I really enjoyed reading this one.

}}

I'm glad you like it! My next planned story has a few male-on-male elements - a variety of comforters, really :)

{{On 9/16/2018 at 5:05 PM, desperatewet said:

This is probably my favorite story on here. It's so heartfelt.

}}

Oh, thank you! That's so kind!

