Suu Lawquane's jungle accident

Author: starwarsomo

*000*2024-04-07 01:51

It's a warm morning on Saleucami, Suu and Cut Lawquane, the Clone deserter, went into the forest to hunt for food.

Suu suggested to go back home as she wants to pee badly, the time for it to accumulate is much enough to make Suu's bladder full. However she didn't tell Cut about her "bladder condition" as she thought it's embarrassing. After counting the number of animal hunted, Cut agreed to enroute back home as they have enough food for the whole family.

The way back home today is much longer than usual as every step Suu walked make her needs to pee even more. She jammed her hands into her crotch while walking, hoping that she will make it to home

However, on the half way to home, which the sky started to turn dark, Suu felt that she can't hold her pee anymore, "Cut, I am tired, I want to take a little rest, you keep walking, I'll catch you up later." Suu said as she wanted to piss on the ground but she don't want Cut see her. "Just be sure you don't rest for too long, the nexu beasts are coming out." Cut replied and continue walking

Just after Cut turned around and out of sight and earshot, Suu rushed to a nearby bush and loosen her shoulder strap and reveal her pink boobs, pulled down her trousers, and just before she remove her grey panties, she heard a roaring and the stomping sound of a pack of nexu approaching. Suu put all her clothes on immediately, "So close..." she thought, and hid behide a tree, at the same time, the pressure in her bladder was too strong that piss was leaking gradually into her panties even though she was jamming her crotch with both hands and woth her legs stuck together,

Unable to pull down her pants and unable to resist the urge to pee, Suiu kept pissing until her bladder was able to contain the fluid, and by the time, Suu already made a puddle beneath her

"Oh no I'm pissing myself!" Suu realised, so she removed her clothings again just to prevent her pants from being even wetter neglecting the current situation.

It seems that the scent of urine drew the nexu to Suu, and now she was cornered by hungry nexu, "Pls don't eat me..." Suu said in her mind as she didn't have a rifle with her (it's with Cut), she screamed as one of the nexu open it's bloody mouth

Suddenly a blaster bolt lands on the nexu back which cause it to jump backward from Suu, it was Cut rescuing from behind. It seems that when Suu is scared by nexu beast her scream was heard by Cut via the patched comlink on his belt, Cut came to her rescue immediately.

All the nexu were scared away and Cut go down to check on Suu just to find out she is sitting naked in a puddle, realising what have happened, he told to Suu "Next te if you need a piss, tell me, I can watch your backs, it's nothing awkward and embarrassing, just don't get into trouble and make a mess."

