Harry Potter fanfiction Chapter 2

Author: Shardik19

*000*2020-11-18 19:43

2.

“I think I’ve got everything!” Broom, wand, quills, parchment, cauldron, robes...

“If I forgot anything just send it by owl! I don’t want to be too late. Bye Mum! Thanks!”

“Don’t forget Shade’s food!” She called from the driver side of the car.

“I got it! Love you bye!” Joe called back over his shoulder. Across the lot he could see the clock display read 10:45.

“Got my wand, got my broom, got my robes. Got Shade. Should be fine.” The mantra repeated a few times in his head as he joined the crowd waiting around the platform. Mostly muggles, he thought he heard an owl cooing down the line though. It made him grin and he poked a finger into the large cage on the cart. The dark grey owl ruffled his feathers a bit and tried to stuff his heard further under his wing.

Now that he was here at the station, Joe started to relax a little about what may or may not have been forgotten. He let his thoughts drift to the bubbling excitement he felt in his chest.

“I wonder if Caitlin is here. Probably is, I hope I get to see her before the great hall. I wonder what I’ll say. I hope I say something. I mean, There were so many chances last year... maybe this is the one.”

“Hey!”

“She likes herbology. That was the last, and first thing we talked about. I can work with that.. what is that?”

“HEY!!”

Joe snapped out of his thoughts abruptly looking up to see Curtis jog across the last row of parking lot.

“Hey! Jose! Check out my new broom!”

Curtis called as he joined beside Joe.

“Woah! Nice you got a 4600! That’s going to be a nice improvement for you this year. Can’t wait to get out there! Nice to see you buddy. Hope the summer was good to you.” Joe pulled him in for a big handshake and they moved ahead towards the platform.

“Cutting it pretty close this year eh?” Joe glances at the clock- 10:51.

“Fuck it who cares?” Curtis said “we’ve got a whole year away in the magical world.” He lifted up on his toes and scanned the crowd “have you seen anyone?”

“No. Maybe a second year but no one we know. Kev is probably on the train being on time like everyone else.” Joe said with a laugh.

They finally had some room to get to platform 9 3/4.

“Alright Jose you go first. We’ll meet near the snack trolley if we can. That’s where Brit will try to sit. If not just try to get a spot near some of the other girls!”

Joe grabbed the cart and headed briskly towards the wall that was the gate.

He passed through at the same time as the last warning for boarding came from above. He jumped at the loud sound and started moving towards the back of the train, dodging around the last of the people to leave the platform. There was a knot of excitement building in his chest. Ahead he could see Vera waiting to board. This was it.

“Alright I’m going to walk by, I’ll be looking at the train, then, as I pass I’ll look at her and make eye contact. At that time I’ll smile and say “hey”. Fool proof let’s go.”

He was still far enough away that he could check her out unnoticed. He could see the way her jeans hugged her thighs and the curvature of her hips.

“Muggles sure do know how to dress sexy. It’ll be all robes from here on.” He thought, heart racing. Feeling blood rush through him, every beat resonating in his ears. Feeling his groin start to press against the crotch of his jeans. Just the thought of her body sent a charge through him.

Only one train car length separated them now. Joe took a glance back and saw Curtis working his way back as well. He turned ahead and stole one last glance at Vera.

“Shes alone too, this is the perfect chance, as long as I keep it cool.” Joe thought. His nerves were wound right now and his palms were tingling and sweaty. The rush of blood and emotion brought waves of magical energy coursing through every fibre of his being.

An image of Vera looking up at him with with his dick in her mouth made what was now a rock hard erection push even harder against the inside of his pants, as if it could reach out to her right now.

It was at this moment that joe approached and remembered to stop staring at her. He jerked his head to the left so she wouldn’t notice him staring, hopefully.

“Ok, one more step, then look, smile, hey.”

As this flashed through his mind a slightly raised crack in the cement platform caught his right toe. He caught his balance, smashing his left knee into his cart in the process. He lurched forwards a few more steps before regaining a normal walk, bringing him he realized past his opportunity with Vera.

“Hey walk much?” Curtis laughed coming up beside him. “There’s Vera over there eh? Let’s get on the train, if she’s waiting here I’m sure the other girls are on one of these train cars.”

“Alright cool. I was going to say hi to Vera but then I tripped like an asshole. Let’s grab the seats on the south side near the snack trolley. That’s a good spot.” As Curtis pulled his case up onto the train Joe glanced back to Vera. From this angle her ass had never looked better, as if she were squeezing tight with her thighs. She was staring at the distance and hadn’t moved an inch since Joe had approached.

“Maybe she didn’t see me at all. Maybe that’s for the best anyways.” Joe took another few heartbeats hoping to burn the image of her body into his mind for later.

“Are her jeans changing colour? It looks like the inner thighs are getting darker.” Another heartbeat passed and once again her jeans were uniform in colour. “Weird trick of the light I guess.” Joe turned and followed Curtis onto the train.

