Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*022*2023-04-29 19:42

Hugo sat at the kitchen table drinking some water. He was waiting for River and Duncan to wake up so that he could propose another day trip for them. But, THIS morning, it was going to feel more awkward greeting them. The bedrooms in the cabin were right next to each other, Hugo had overheard River’s moans during the previous night, urgently crying out Duncan’s name, telling Duncan how ‘good’ something felt.

Hugo had been EXPECTING that to happen sooner or later. River and Duncan were both adults, and Hugo could see how much they loved each other. They had every right to explore one another’s bodies if they wanted to. Really, Hugo was surprised that it had taken so long.

River was just like a son to him, though. Duncan was starting to feel that way, too. And it was awkward for a person to overhear their son having an orgasm.

He was happy that they’d both gotten to have such a nice night, though. Surely that had relieved a little of their tension.

They certainly seemed more relaxed when they entered the kitchen, they were laughing, and getting pretty touchy-feely with one another. Duncan kept tickling River and teasing him for the little squeaks and squeals he made. “You are just too cute…” Duncan told him, giving him a kiss before sitting down at the table. River sat beside him, holding his hand and smiling.

“Well…” Hugo cleared his throat. “I see you’re both in good moods this morning.”

“Yeah,” Duncan said.

“That’s nice,” Hugo nodded. “Do you guys feel up to going out today?”

To his surprise, both of them nodded right away. He didn’t even need to tell them where, or remind them of how he’d keep them safe. They just agreed, just like that!

“Okay,” Hugo said. “I was thinking we could go to the zoo.” Even though they were in much more agreeable moods than usual, he added; “It will be outdoors, and there will be lots of people around. It might be a LITTLE loud, and I guess some of the animals might make sudden noises, but I think it will be a good spot.”

Again, they nodded. Hugo breathed a sigh of relief. He hoped they kept… Enjoying each other. Awkward as it was to HEAR it, it sure seemed to be lifting their confidence.

***

As Duncan and River got dressed, Duncan reminded his boyfriend to pee before they left. It felt pointless, because River always DID pee before leaving home, it just did little to prevent desperate ordeals since his bladder filled up so quickly.

“I know, I know,” River said as he buttoned and zipped his pants. “Don’t worry, I NEVER forget that.” He reached for the shirt he’d lain out on the bed, but was stopped when Duncan wrapped his arms around him from behind. “Heh, what are you doing?”

“You’ve been shirtless for too long,” Duncan said. “I can’t help myself anymore, I gotta touch it…”

“Pfft,” River snickered. “Didn’t you get enough of me last night?”

“Never…” Duncan smoothed his hands over River’s chest, feeling his nipples and rubbing them gently, River wriggled. “Sensitive there?” He asked.

“Just a bit…” River admitted.

Duncan continued to caress River, sucking on his ear-lobe. When he did THAT he was rewarded with a low moan. “Ohhh,” Duncan said. “You like this, huh?”

“I do,” River agreed. “But— Gotta get dressed now, remember? And you reminding me to pee over and over kind of made me need to go.”

“Awww,” Duncan said, releasing him. “Can we do more tonight?”

“Of course,” River agreed. “I…” He pulled his shirt on, then rubbed his hands against his pants nervously. “I don’t know if this is a stupid thing to say, but… I’m really thankful for last night, for how much you were checking in on me, and everything… You made me feel safe, and I’ve never felt that way when having sex before, so just… Thank you.”

Duncan went to hug River. It hurt something deep inside of him to hear River admit that he’d never felt safe while getting intimate before. Sex wasn’t supposed to be scary. He was relieved to hear River tell him again that he’d done a good job, though. Duncan was still worried about messing it up, doing something that frightened his boyfriend instead of something that made him feel good. “You’re welcome… When we do more, I want you to promise me something, okay? If anything starts feeling bad, please tell me right away. I’ll stop as soon as you tell me.”

“Okay,” River said. “I promise.”

“Good…” Duncan kissed him. “I want you to know that you’re always gonna be safe with me. I love you.”

“I love you, too.”

***

River, of course, did remember to pee before leaving the cabin. Duncan nearly walked out without it, and River had to remind him, laughing. “You told me to ‘be sure and pee’ SO many times, and now you’re forgetting it yourself!”

Duncan blushed as he hurried off to empty his bladder. When he sat down on the toilet and felt the release flow out of him, he was grateful for River’s reminder— He hadn’t noticed how sharp the pressure in his bladder actually WAS until he’d allowed it to ease.

A while later, Duncan realized he would have been in a LOT of trouble if he’d neglected to pee prior to leaving. The drive to the zoo was longer than he’d expected it to be. Not that he’d had many clues about that. He had no idea where it was located— He didn’t know where much of ANYTHING was in the area in which he now lived. He’d been there for almost a full year, yet he still couldn’t say where a single thing was in relation to his cabin.

He knew that was bad. He should know the area just fine by now. He should have already explored most of it. He just… Hadn’t.

River’s small bladder detested the long ride more than Duncan did. After a while, he was forced to speak up; “Hugo? How much further? I need to use the bathroom soon…”

Hugo didn’t bother asking River if he’d peed back at the cabin or not— He KNEW he had. Poor guy just had to go so often. “We’re close,” he promised. “Probably about fifteen more minutes.”

“Okay,” River said, crossing his ankles. He could handle fifteen minutes. He was uncomfortable, and he wanted to use the toilet as SOON as they arrived, but he didn’t feel that threatening tremble that came when he was truly desperate.

By the time they arrived, River’s knee was bouncing. He hoped there was a bathroom right beside the entrance. Now that they’d reached their destination, his holding muscles were starting to flutter a little bit, anticipating relief even though River still wasn’t sure how close to it he was.

He got out of the car, cringing as his legs tingled. They’d fallen asleep in the car, and now they stung a bit. He shifted from side to side, both to work out the cramps and to quell the more insistent pangs now flaring up in his bladder.

Duncan was next to him right away, taking his hand and squeezing it. River hoped he’d be able to talk here. He was such a chatter-box at home, it was frightening to see him lose his voice when they went outside.

They went to the entrance and bought tickets, once they were through the gate River spotted a set of restrooms, but could see they were closed for cleaning at the moment. He tensed his thighs and looked away.

Hugo noticed as well. “Want to try to find another bathroom before we do anything else?”

River shook his head. It wasn’t an emergency. He could handle waiting a while longer. He was sure he’d find somewhere to go before his need got too intense. He was aware of how quickly he could fill up, but was confident that a venue frequented by families with young children would have tons of restrooms. He didn’t want to make Duncan and Hugo focus on locating a toilet for him, they’d come here to have fun and relax.

River was able to stay mostly calm for a while. This place felt safe to him, and watching the animals play was soothing. He especially liked the various species of big cats. They were so deadly, but when most of them just laid around and slept, it was hard to believe that. It looked like he could walk right up and pet them.

“I always wanted a cat,” River said to Duncan. “Mom said no pets, though. Did you ever have any?”

Duncan nodded, gripping River’s hand more firmly.

Lately, when they went out, River tried to ask Duncan more open-ended questions, things he wouldn’t be able to just nod or shake his head to, things that would prompt an actual response. So, he pressed on; “What kind?”

“My family had a dog when I was younger…” Duncan said. “She always liked my sister better, though. Since I was away most of the year at boarding school, I didn’t get to spend much time with her. She kind of just thought I was a stranger any time I came home.”

River had been aware that Duncan had a sister, but he didn’t speak about her very much. All he knew about her was that she was a lot younger than Duncan, and that even before The Organization, and Duncan’s need to make it appear as though he didn’t exist, he seldom talked to her. “Your sister didn’t go to the same school?”

Duncan shook his head. “It was my idea to switch to the boarding school. I was getting bullied too much at the one I’d been going to before…Dad gave me the choice of staying where I was or going to his old school, and I thought things would be better if I switched.” He shrugged, eyes flicking to River’s, then back to his feet. He wriggled them. “So… You’ve never had pets?”

“No,” River said. “I mean, I had a Tamagotchi for a while, if that counts. I guess I was pretty attached to it, but when I came out my Mom took everything from my room except for the mattress and the lamp. Took away the door, too. She thought that I only ended up this way because of video games and books, so if she removed all of that, then I’d go back to what she wanted.”

“I’m sorry,” Duncan said. “I guess you never got any of your stuff back?”

“Nope,” River said. “I always lost stuff. Anything I had, my Mom would take it away eventually. Or it would get stolen when I was homeless, or I’d have to pawn it eventually since food was more important. That’s why I…”

Duncan thought back to when they’d been escaping. As they’d run, River hadn’t released his wrist for a second, hadn’t even loosened his grip. It had remained strong and firm, protective. He’d always walked in front of Duncan, so he’d be the first around any corner. When they were confronted by members of The Organization who’d tried to execute them right where they stood, River had fended them off, suffering injuries but always shielding Duncan from the worst of it.

River had had so many of the things that made him happy taken away from him, he’d been willing to do anything to keep it from happening again.

And he was still so protective of Duncan, any time they were outside he held him close, he never let him out of his sight. Even when they were asleep, he clung to him, needing the constant reminder that he was there, that he hadn’t been taken, that there was one thing he’d managed to save and keep.

“I’m not going anywhere,” Duncan said softly.

“I know,” River said. “If anyone tries to take you away from me, they’re going to have a hard time doing it.”

Duncan felt some tension ease from his shoulders, and he hadn’t even noticed it was there. He realized he’d been needing some assurance as well, that he was with someone who’d always try to protect him. “Do you think Hugo can find you a new Tamagotchi somewhere?” He asked.

“I don’t know,” River said. “I guess that would be kind of nice. Like I said, what I’ve always wanted the most is a cat.” He gestured to the lions they’d been observing. “Probably not one that big, though.”

Duncan smiled. “It could guard us,” he said.

“Heh, maybe… I don’t think it would fit in the cabin, though. And… Uh…” River paused, he was beginning to feel quite uncomfortable, he delicately crossed his legs as he registered a few more severe pulses of need in his abdomen. He quickly moved his legs apart, but Duncan had noticed.

“Need to go now?” Duncan asked. He turned around, finding Hugo a few paces away from them. “Tell Hugo you have to pee.”

“He knows,” River said. “And, it’s not THAT bad. I’m sure there will be another bathroom around here soon.” He started to walk away from the lion enclosure, Duncan still clinging to his hand.

Hugo followed them. “What did you want to see next? River, do you still have to use the toilet?”

“Yeah, but I’m fine,” River promised. “I’ll go as soon as I see a place.”

“If you want to just start looking for one—“

“I’m alright,” River insisted. His bladder was rippling more and more insistently, but he still refused to be alarmed by it. This was a big place, no way were the closed restrooms the only ones here, there would be plenty of opportunities for relief if they just kept exploring.

He could feel his pee sloshing in time with each of his steps, though. That WAS a little troubling, the liquid battering up against his sphincters made for quite an urgent sensation, and he had to continually clench and unclench his thighs as he moved. He kept glancing around, searching for any sign that may direct him towards a restroom, but he couldn’t find any just yet.

River reminded himself they were still close to the entrance, and to the restrooms he hadn’t been able to use earlier. It made sense that they hadn’t found another just yet.

They entered an area filled with concessions stands, and River grew hopeful that a restroom would be near it. But, as he turned about, he failed to spot one. He did, however, see one stand selling ice drinks, a machine behind the counter was filled with liquid that was being sloshed and splashed around. The liquid filling River was moving around in the same way, and he bent forwards a little, trying to angle his hips in such a way that they put some pressure against his opening.

Duncan was looking at the drink stand too, and the sight of the fluid was making him a little uncomfortable as well. Just, not for the same reason as River. Seeing a big container filled with such a cool, refreshing looking drink reminded him that he hadn’t had much water today. His throat was tinged with a painful dryness, tongue thick and heavy. “Mmmf…”

“Duncan…?” River asked in response to his muttering groan. “Need something?”

Duncan trembled a little. He’d been able to talk to River when they were near the lions, but that was because there weren’t as many people, and the sight of sleeping cats was a calming one. Here, there were more strangers working at the stands or lined up in front of them, Duncan couldn’t remember how to work his voice…

He lifted a hand and pointed at the drink stand.

“Thirsty?” River guessed, trying not to be too disappointed that Duncan had forgotten how to speak again. He’d been doing well a few minutes ago, maybe this issue was something that was just going to switch off and on for him.

Duncan nodded. He suddenly felt like he could drink an entire lake.

“You want me to get you something to drink?” Hugo gathered. “Your favorite is Cola, right?”

More nodding.

Hugo hesitated. If Duncan was getting thirsty, that meant River probably was too… But, Hugo had spent enough time with River to know how fast any fluid he drank would begin to appear inside his bladder. They still hadn’t found a bathroom… “River… You want any fruit punch?”

“Okay,” River said. His bladder twinged at the thought of more liquid, he rubbed his free hand against his midsection in an attempt to soothe the pangs away. He WAS thirsty, and he doubted that anything he drank now would filter through him before he located a restroom. They were probably just a couple minutes away from one right now.

Hugo got them both their drinks and took them to a nearby bench to sit down. Duncan drank his soda far more eagerly, chugging down big, fizzy gulps. River slowly sipped at his own cup, every time he swallowed he felt his bladder throb, tingling with the warning that this might not be such a great idea. His throat felt soothed by the liquid, though, imploring him to finish the entire cup.

Once Duncan had drained his, he felt loads better. He smacked his lips a few times and smiled at River. “Ahh,” he said. “I was getting really thirsty.”

River smiled back, pleased to hear his voice once more. “Me too,” he agreed. He moved to stand up, the action jostling his still expanding bladder. He tensed all of his lower muscles, straining his sphincters and bobbing a couple times on his heels. He got the surge under control, but now he could feel pressure right at the base of his dick, and when he started walking again, the inner-walls of his bladder almost felt ticklish. They were trembling and spasming hard, buzzing with the force of his need.

That drink may have done him a bit more harm than good. He was sure none of it had actually HIT his bladder yet, but knowing that more liquid was on its way when it was already difficult to hold onto what he HAD was a little nerve-wracking.

They stopped to observe a monkey enclosure. The monkeys were cute, and full of energy, running all over the place. River’s desire to pee was forgotten for a moment in favor of watching them. But, before long, River realized he’d been paying a bit MORE attention to the trees the monkeys were climbing. They had thick stumps, thick enough for a person to hide behind and be completely concealed, just in case they wanted to do something private…

River tried his best to force that thought from his mind. The trees were behind bars, so he couldn’t DO anything with them. And, while he didn’t know how the monkey’s social hierarchy worked, he figured that ‘marking his territory’ in their home would be seen as offensive and possibly as a declaration of war.

Since he was now fantasizing about relieving himself in less-than-acceptable ways, that was a pretty good sign that his situation was starting to get a bit critical. His pants were beginning to feel a little too tight, and he sort of wanted to unbutton them. The fabric of his waistband was taut around his bladder, confining it and pressing it in uncomfortably. Every slight movement he made placed more pressure onto it, until he was crouching a little and trying not to let his knees wobble too much.

“Okay,” River said finally, rubbing his ankles together. Wow, he was full… And he doubted if all that fruit punch had finished flowing into his bladder yet. “I really have to go now, and I still haven’t seen any restrooms.”

Hugo glanced back at him, “Do you want to focus on finding one now?”

River shuffled his feet, his bladder thrashing tyrannical. A twitching throb forced him to cross his legs around one another. “Yeah,” he said. “I’m sorry, I thought I would have noticed one by now, but I just haven’t, and—“

“It’s alright, River,” Hugo said. “We’ll just find a map or something.”

“O—Okay,” River said.

They left the monkey enclosure and wandered around for a bit, searching for either a bathroom or a map that could direct them to one. They weren’t able to find either, though, and River was starting to get a tad frantic. The calm he’d managed to maintain so far throughout the trip was rapidly vanishing as he kept thinking back to the cup of fruit punch he’d stupidly drank when he’d believed a toilet would be EASY to find. All of that liquid was now stuffed inside his body, and he didn’t know when he’d be able to release any of it. The uncertainty made his bladder strain harder.

He palmed his crotch a few times as they walked, at last moving to unbutton his too-tight pants. He bit back a fluttery sigh as his bladder was given a little more space to expand. The relief of that only lasted a few seconds, because then he was able to clearly feel the way the bottom of his shirt rubbed against his lower abdomen, taunting the quivering muscles there.

At last, they found a restroom but, rather than relieved, River’s bladder only felt even more confined. He was not at all confident that he would be able to restrain his need through the entirety of the long line stretched out in front of him.

In his mind, he tried to convince himself that the line was actually a good thing. Empty public restrooms frightened him and he couldn’t even relax enough to use one. Therefor, since this one was so crowded, he’d feel safe and have no trouble emptying himself once his turn came.

Trouble was, he knew he wouldn’t have any trouble emptying himself BEFORE then, either. He took his spot at the end of the line, Duncan and Hugo behind him. River was a lot more self-conscious about his squirming now, if he fidgeted while waiting for a urinal, then the reason for his discomfort would be obvious. It was so hard to contain his heavy, swollen bladder WITHOUT moving around, though!

He lifted his feet from the ground, one right after the other, jogging in place. He hoped he merely looked bored, but he couldn’t even fool himself; He looked like a man in desperate need of a bathroom. His bladder was so engorged that he could barely stand it, and he couldn’t fight back the small whimpering noise that bubbled in his throat.

Duncan tightened his grip on River’s hand, hating to see him in so much distress when they’d been having such a nice time at first. He could see that River had parted the button on his pants, giving him a small peek at his boyfriend’s boxers, and the slight curve of his belly that looked a little rounder than it usually did. Poor thing, he really WAS full…

He watched as River pinned his hand to his crotch before quickly yanking it away, rapidly bouncing on his toes instead. His whole body went stiff for a moment, then returned to its anxious wriggling.

The line moved forward a few paces, but River didn’t move with it. Apparently, he was too caught up in the urgent aches firing through him to notice that he was suddenly a little closer to relief.

Hugo had to tap him to get him to walk again.

“Mmmf…” River mewled, needing to grab at his crotch again before he could take a step. His bladder was shaken roughly by just those few tiny paces, and the door to the restroom still looked SO far away. Liquid beaded up in his urethra and began to slowly trickle forth. It was a thin, sluggish stream, nowhere close to the waterfall he was trying so hard to prevent, but he couldn’t get it to stop coming out!

River shook his legs frantically as he tried his best to regain his control. He had to go so bad! He couldn’t hold it through this whole line! He was going to pee on the ground really soon! His bladder throbbed, begging him to relax himself all the way, continuing to force out its drippy little stream. He tucked the hand back between his thighs, feeling it grow soggy within seconds. His pants were dark enough to conceal any wetness, but he could feel that they were becoming soaked. “Nnnh, I’m already pissing…” he choked out softly. “I can’t hold it…”

Duncan tried to stroke his arm for comfort, but River wouldn’t stop shaking. Duncan’s chest hurt at the sight, at the idea that his partner might have an accident in public if the line didn’t speed up. When they were able to move forwards again, Duncan practically had to drag River, fighting to ignore the moan it drew from his lips, and the unmistakable hiss indicating that he’d released a substantial gush of his burden.

“Ah—!” River gasped out. That last leak had felt like a lot, he could feel warm rivulets spilling down the hand clamped around his dick. For a second, it had actually felt good to pee forcefully like that. For a second, the unbearable pressure he’d been under all day had lifted. It hurt him badly to have to pinch it off.

His heart was starting to beat wildly, he really felt like he was on the verge of an accident— Technically, he was already having one, but he didn’t want to accept it. He was in public! People were going to stare, it was going to… To attract attention, and what if a member of The Organization was here? What if he was recognized just because he’d failed to hold his bladder and had caused everyone to stop and get a good, long look at him?

He needed to hold it, he couldn’t let anything else out. He’d spilled a lot into his pants, so that meant he could restrain the rest of it. But, even as he told himself this, he knew that it wasn’t true. Now that his boxers were sodden, the wetness was a cruel tease to his bladder. Now that he knew what it felt to let go of a little, the desire to push out the rest was strong. It was almost overwhelming, and he thought that if he was in this state at home, struggling to hold back while Hugo or Duncan was in the shower, he would have just given up by now. He would have accepted his fate and allowed the puddle to form around his feet.

He couldn’t let that happen here, though. As tempting as it was to simply admit defeat, accept that his bladder was filled beyond its capacity, and just let it release, he couldn’t allow himself to give in. Even IF no one with ties to The Organization was here, there were still a lot of people. He didn’t want to be watched as he unleashed a typhoon down his legs. Especially since a lot of the people in line ahead of him were little boys with their fathers. The thought of having an accident in front of kids who hadn’t even been out of diapers for that long was mortifying.

River’s body didn’t want to listen, his bladder was cracking apart, and he was wetting himself. The slow trickle and occasional spurting gushes escalated into a real stream, hissing loudly as it soaked through the crotch of his pants and billowed out into his cupped hand. River was losing control right there in public. The backs of his eyes started to burn. ‘No, dammit,’ he thought. ‘Don’t cry. That’s the only way you could make this worse!’

Duncan heard River starting to flood himself and he went rigid, the same way he did when something scared him. He didn’t know what to do! He could see a stream leaking out of the bottom of one of River’s pant-legs, could see a tiny dark patch forming on the ground, could see River still clutching and bouncing and fighting SO hard to make it stop…

Duncan let go of River’s hand, feeling insecure and untethered without it, but when he saw River immediately cram it between his legs he knew he’d done the right thing. River crossed his legs, doubled over, and the hissing noise finally ceased.

Duncan was sure the sound hadn’t stopped because River was done, because he still looked utterly miserable with intense need. He was still bursting, the puddle at his feet seemingly hadn’t brought him any relief.

“Do you want to ask to cut?” Hugo inquired from behind them. “River… You’re…”

River shook his head frantically, and Duncan didn’t understand why. It was obvious River needed the bathroom worse than anyone ahead of him did. He didn’t think River would be ashamed to ask, River was usually pretty pushy about needing to pee. Always muttering for him or Hugo to ‘hurry up’ if they’d beaten him to the toilet.

Duncan sometimes caught himself rushing River when their roles were reversed and he was having an extreme emergency, usually brought on by a sneeze or bout of laughter. Luckily, that had only ever happened at home so far. Duncan had never had to beg a stranger to hurry up because he’d sneezed too hard in public and his bladder suddenly forgot how to stay closed. Good thing too, Duncan didn’t think he’d be able to ask a stranger for tha—

Oh…

Duh.

River was scared of strangers now, just like Duncan was. Of course he didn’t want to talk to one, of course he didn’t want Hugo to speak to one on his behalf. After everything that had happened, River didn’t trust anyone, and was frightened of what would occur if he inconvenienced a complete stranger.

River had managed to plug his faucet closed again, no longer urinating quite so copiously into his pants, but even with all he’d let out, his bladder didn’t feel that much better. It had felt like he’d been peeing for ages, the shock and humiliation of that uncontrollable gush warping his sense of time, but really it couldn’t have been happening for more than a few of seconds. Nowhere near enough time to get a decent amount out of him.

His pants were now clinging stickily to him, and it sure FELT like he’d unleashed an ocean into them, but judging by the intense, cramping aches in his bladder, it couldn’t have been that much. When he glanced down and saw the small puddle beside one of his shoes, that confirmed it. He’d wet himself, but not enough to make a dent in his still VERY full bladder. He still needed relief so badly that it hurt.

The line moved again, and River was finally actually IN the restroom, but for now, that only meant he had to listen to a whole host of noises that he could really do without hearing. Toilets and urinals flushing, streams spraying… The control he’d regained was slipping away from him quickly, and a warm droplet formed on his tip to seep into his still drying boxers.

His holding muscles seemed to be forgetting their purpose, when he tried to clench, they instead squeezed inwards around his bladder, trying to pump out the liquid trapped inside him. If it wasn’t for the vice grip he had around his dick, he would have been letting loose again. His hands were the only things restraining the flood now, and they felt clammy and pruny from how much he’d already drenched them.

The guy ahead of him finally got to go, and River bit back a moan. His turn was next, just a few more seconds. He could get most of his piss into an actual toilet if he just managed to hang on a few more seconds!

One of the stalls unlocked, and the door was left wide open and inviting. River could partially see the now vacant toilet from where he was standing, and his bladder pushed out another involuntary release at the tantalizing sight.

But, River didn’t… Stalls were uncomfortable for him now. He didn’t like how cramped they were, he didn’t like being locked inside somewhere that was tight and dark, it frightened him. It made it hard for him to pee.

Hugo nudged him again, trying to point out the stall, but River just… He didn’t think he’d be able to use it. He’d try but, even with as bad as he needed to go, he knew he’d be too scared to relax and pee. He needed a urinal, where he’d be able to stay visible, and the walls wouldn’t feel like they were closing in on him. His sphincters burned, protesting his decision to keep waiting when there was a toilet RIGHT there, but it only took a second for a urinal to open up and he rushed to it instead.

As River fought to pull down his zipper— grateful to himself for having already taken apart his buttons— Duncan realized he needed to pee as well. Not as badly as River obviously needed it, but if the lines were going to be like this ALL day, he knew better than to miss his chance now.

River heard the stall door shutting as Duncan went in. He finally freed his dick and pointed the dripping thing at the urinal. Glassy eyed, he unleashed a moan as his pelvic muscles all went slack and a heavy stream rained thunderously against the porcelain. He hadn’t even needed to tell himself to start pissing, just the sound of his zipper coming apart had instructed his bladder to begin emptying whether River gave the permission or not.

Duncan sat down in the stall and he actually DID need to tell himself to pee. However, to his dismay, his bladder didn’t follow his instructions. He felt pressure at the base of his cock, he definitely NEEDED to go, but nothing would come out. He was more focused on how awfully small and confining the stall was, and on how neither River nor Hugo would be able to see him for however long he was in here.

Uncomfortable, he stood and pulled his pants back up, his bladder twinging as he raised himself off the toilet without releasing a drop. He needed to get himself emptied, he was being inundated with sharp throbs, his body trying to warn him that it would be a terrible idea to leave this room without peeing.

Unsure, he unlocked the stall door and let it swing open, he saw there was an open urinal next to River, so he stood at that one to try again. It had been a while since he’d last stood up to pee, and he didn’t really like that he now had his back turned to everyone. That didn’t scare him nearly as badly as being concealed and locked inside a stall had, though. He knew Hugo was still in the room with him and River, so he would be watching over them.

Duncan relaxed and sighed contentedly as his earlier drink flowed down his pipes to spatter into the urinal. He hadn’t realized how uncomfortable the pressure in his bladder actually WAS until he’d managed to release it.

Beside him, he could hear River gushing away, panting heavily as he enjoyed his badly needed piss. Duncan tried to ignore that, he tried to ignore that River was right next to him with his cock out, making those breathy, pleasured noises. He tried not to peek.

Not peeking was never easy for Duncan. In his old life, before The Organization, when he’d been able to go out more often, he had to stop at urinals more frequently. If someone was right beside him, it was always so tempting to glance over. He knew he shouldn’t, he knew it made him a pervert, he knew if anyone ever CAUGHT him, he could be confronted for it. But, the urge to do it was ALWAYS there.

It was there and VERY intense now. He’d watched River pee before, he’d stared directly at his cock as he’d relieved himself several times now, and River hadn’t minded it. They were in public now, though, Duncan had to keep his eyes on his own stream. Hell, now that he’d finally gotten to play with River’s dick, he shouldn’t want to sneak a glance at it so badly anymore. Judging by how much River had enjoyed last night, Duncan was going to have plenty more opportunities to see it.

But, if anything, now that he was so much more familiar with River’s cock, he wanted to look at it even more. He just couldn’t help himself, his eyes shifted to glance at River’s member. It looked as fantastic as it always did, but Duncan also noticed the ferocious stream still erupting from its tip. It was like a faucet, strong and loud and not slowing down in the slightest, like River’s body was so desperate to be empty that it was fighting to push everything out as fast as it could. Wow, poor River had needed to GO…

When River was finally all done, Duncan watched him shake off, a couple droplets trickling down his shaft. For whatever reason, the urine-factor didn’t make the sight of River shaking his cock any less arousing, and Duncan was disappointed when River put it back away and zipped his pants. He knew that, with River finished peeing, he no longer had a reason to keep his dick out, but Duncan wished he’d waited a couple more seconds.

Duncan’s own release came to a stop then, and he zipped up to follow River to the sinks. His face felt warm as he replayed the image of River with his hand on his dick over and over. He cursed himself, looking at River had been a delightful treat, but now he felt himself getting a bit of a semi and knew he’d have to think of something else before he became hard.

They realized Hugo had gone into one of the stalls for a pee, so they waited for him before leaving the restroom. Once outside, River whispered to Duncan; “Did you like what you saw?”

Duncan flushed. “You noticed?”

“You were staring, I couldn’t NOT notice.”

