The escape room; with Emily, Noah, Lauren, Will and Meg

Author: Spurgle

*000*2020-04-16 18:09

Hey guys! I really enjoyed writing this, more importantly, i hope you guys enjoy reading it! Any feedback/ thoughts, i'm happy to hear them.

“I’m really not sure this is a good idea for me” this was my first thought when my friends sent me a link to an escape room type of deal. I mean, I love escape rooms but this one was slightly different, for one it was in some creepy old mansion type place and secondly, the webpage was plastered with pictures of people who had wet their pants. Which, as any of my friends will know, this is something I’m familiar with. Big time. There are just so many occasions, it is honestly hard to recount most of them.

Like, there was the time I was on a rollercoaster and the bar pressed into my bladder too hard, I was too shy to say anything and wet myself as I was whizzing around. There was the time I got into a hysterical laughing fit at a friend’s house and, you guessed it, wet my pants again. You probably get the picture. I don’t have any medical issues or anything, I’m just shy and I lack the ability to control my bladder when It is even remotely full. So, when this popped up, suffice to say, there was much playful goading from my friends.

“come on Emily, this is right up your street, you can have your picture on the wall with all the other pants wetters” thanks Noah, really needed that. In response, I sent the group a picture of us all when we were playing crazy golf, it’s a beautiful photo with all my favourite people in the world, the sun glimmering of the blue water in the background, the people in the background enjoying family fun and me and my friends in the foreground armed with our playful putters. Oh, and myself sat on my bum as a wet patch spreads around my denim shorts. It was kinda timed perfectly, because you can see the moment, I lost control and began totally wetting myself.

Like, I’m sat on my ass, in hysterics because I fell over, I’ve got one hand in my crotch trying to stop the inevitable and my other hand covering my mouth trying to supress my hysterical laughter. It’s a moment of bliss, just tinged with a slight embarrassment. I wanted to send it cause I really love the photo and it reminds me of good times, the fact I’m wetting myself is kinda irrelevant, it doesn’t bother me anymore, I’ve grown used to it. Nevertheless, they weren’t going to give up without a fight, I figured I’d end up in this escape room one way or another.

Lauren: “Look Emily, have a read of this” there was a link inserted at the end.

Emily: “What is that?”

Lauren: Open the link and find out baby.

I opened the link to find a picture of a guy in pee-soaked jeans, holding a piece of paper that proudly announced “I failed the bladder buster challenge and wet my pants. Maybe I need a diaper?” It gave me a chuckle and if I’m being totally honest, turned me on a little too, he was a hot guy and something about him in his pee-soaked pants was appealing to me. Save that for later… SHUSHH!!

Emily: “what am I meant to do with this? Its some guy in piss wet pants, I mean ewww!!” yeah… I had to bluff this one out.

Lauren: “doesn’t it sound cool though? The bladder buster challenge? Sounds kinda exciting”

Emily: “Not for me! I’ve only gotta have a cup of water and I can do the challenge at home for free!”

Many laughing emojis were sent. Glad to know I can laugh at myself.

Noah: “Come on Emily, we’re all up for it, we’re all waiting for you. Please say you’ll tag along, it’ll be fun. I promise” I could see there really was no way out of this. I didn’t want to let my friends down and even though I didn’t relish the idea of wetting myself again, I guessed it would be fun. So, I agreed to tag along. Who knows, one of them might even wet their pants?

After I agreed, I decided I needed to prepare myself. I had read up on the challenge and it really was beyond my bladder capabilities. In essence, its an escape room with a little twist; the twist being that we have to solve the puzzle of the escape room, after consuming the so-called bladder buster potion. It didn’t explain what was in the potion, only that it would bring all who consumed it to the pique of desperation in a matter of minutes. This genuinely worried me. I didn’t fear wetting my pants so much as wetting my pants multiple times. For example, when I woke up this morning, I had one mug of coffee, that was two hours ago, and I’ve peed three times since. So yeah. If one mug of coffee does that to me, what the hell is this potion going to do to me? I could picture myself soaking my pants multiple times, not a great look for a woman in her mid-twenties.

I decided to be smart and be totally prepared. The day before we were booked to take part in the escape room, I went into town to shop for something I have never shopped for in my life, diapers. I figured, if I’m going to do this and keep at least a shred of dignity, I’m gunna need some protection. But I honestly had no clue what to buy. I know nothing about diapers. I wanted something absorbent, I estimated I might wet myself at least twice, so I needed something that could hold such an amount of pee. My choices turned out to be fairly limited. All I could find were kind of run of the mill adult diapers, which were fine but I kind of wanted something at least a little bit cute and feminine, besides, I didn’t want my friends finding out I was diapered, I didn’t want them to know I was cheating. Plus, seeing the look on their faces when I didn’t wet my pants would be priceless.

In the end, I decided to contact a friend for advice, he’s not in my normal circle of friends so he wasn’t aware of the escape room and I was aware he was in some way into this kinda thing. To be honest, the conversation was less awkward than I anticipated, I simply explained I needed some diapers, what I needed them for and that I wanted them to be absorbent but also invisible under my clothes. In essence, he explained that invisibility for the kinda absorption I was talking about was near impossible, it was either absorption and good protection or invisible and potentially leaky. In the end, I figured potentially leaky would be best. I really didn’t want my diaper to be seen by my friends, partly cause it would be sort of cheating but mostly cause I figured wetting myself was slightly less embarrassing than wearing a diaper. Fine line, I guess.

In the end, I bought some super cute diapers that were designed for teenage bedwetting. They were grey at the front, with a purple chequered bow and the rear section was totally covered in the same purple chequered pattern as the bow at the front. I felt a little strange buying them and I was a little self-conscious that people suspected they were for me, I mean, I’m only petit and these diapers were the perfect size for me. I did find it kind of thrilling though, I will admit, it did give me a buzz. I felt a little naughty. They came in a pack of five, I only needed one, wasn’t really sure what to do with the rest, it did seem wasteful to throw the rest in the bin though, figured I’d sort that problem out a little later on.

The next stage was to select my outfit for the day in question, I wanted something comfortable, cause I figured we might be in there quite a while. I also wanted something cute, I mean, who doesn’t like cute? On top of that, I also wanted something loose fitting, these diapers seemed fine, they weren’t too bulky or puffy but even still, I didn’t want to leave anything to chance. In honesty, I wasn’t even sure what the dress code was, I guessed casual, cause who wants to risk peeing their pants in good clothes? Certainly not me, that’s for sure. I was torn between black, boot cut jeans, black leggings or grey cotton bottoms. I leaned towards black; black helps eliminate silhouettes and of course, helps hide any potential wetness.

On the other hand, even though these were loose fitting, they were all tighter, particularly at the rear, than my grey cotton bottoms. But then, if my diaper leaks in the grey, there is no way of hiding that, I would be in real trouble. Tough decisions. In the end I plumped for the grey bottoms, the extra loose fitting and comfy material won me over. Besides, I’ve been told my ass looks good wearing them. To match the casual cute look, I went for a tank top with a unicorn and rainbow print. Did I need underwear? Were knickers needed? I asked myself both questions, I mean, would wearing knickers above my diaper help hide any potential puffy bulge? No, I didn’t think it was worth it.

Outfit chosen, diapers selected and a time and meeting place selected, we were all set for our day out.

We all met outside the mansion in question at eleven in the morning. The sun was bright, and it was quite warm, I was sweating a little, the diaper was a lot warmer than I figured it would be. I felt a little self-conscious about my diaper and I felt I was checking my ass far more than I should have. The mansion itself was creepy, seriously creepy. It looked totally dilapidated and run down, how someone had turned this into a viable business was beyond me. Even during the day, I felt a little fear twinge in my bladder, at night, I think I would wet my pants. The brickwork was all shoddy and mismatched, there was an old greenhouse type arrangement to the left-hand side full of plants that had withered and died, it really gave me the creeps. I voiced my anxieties to my friends, they mostly agreed that it was indeed creepy, but also made a good point that maybe it was just all part of the experience.

“is someone coming to meet us?” I asked genuinely puzzled, there didn’t seem to be any other people anywhere to be seen.

“The email said to head to the greenhouse” Lauren replied, not at all sounding confident and sounding just a little bit apprehensive.

“We should really get moving, we should have been there a couple minutes ago” Noah interjected, forever the pragmatist. “By the way Emily, brave choice with the grey bottoms, thought you might have went for black, you know, to hide the fact when you wet yourself like a little girl” his tone was playful, but I responded with a daggers look that said do not go there and he didn’t. We walked the rest of the way to the greenhouse in silence, I think we were all tentative by this point.

We entered the greenhouse and the midday sun was roasting hot, amplified by our glass surroundings. Nobody was to be seen however, Noah called out a couple of times but got no response. “well this is great” I spoke out to try and break a monotonous silence, but deep down I was kinda relieved, I was now terrified, and my heart was pounding. My fear twangs in my bladder were intensifying too and I was having to bear down a little to stop any leaks. I tried to be discreet of course, whether I succeeded was debatable, Noah kept giving me an inquisitive look each time I crossed my legs and braced my thighs together. We were all just stood in silence, totally unsure of what was going on. I began to believe this was all a hoax.

“Boys and girls!! Follow my voice!! No!! Not over there, down here!!” An electronic voice boomed out and echoed around the room, we all jumped out of our skin. Lauren had jumped into Noah for safety, Will had practically suffered a heart attack, poor Meg was almost crying, and I’d pissed myself. Literally. That voice literally scared the piss out of me. It didn’t feel like I had leaked too much, maybe just a particularly large spurt but either way, I felt the need to bear down and brace myself again to stop any potential flood that might easily have occurred. We all had to take a moment to compose ourselves, I guess our collective screams hadn’t exactly made things any better.

I looked over to Meg, who as I say, was practically crying. She looked genuinely terrified, beyond anything I had seen before, certainly from her, who was usually so calm and collected. I was a little concerned. “You okay sweetie?” I asked her tenderly. She just kinda looked at me with huge blue puppy dog eyes, I felt an immense sympathy for her. I walked over to her and gave her a big hug. I leaned in close and told her its okay, its all part of the game. “I peed my pants” I heard her whisper in my ear, “me too” I replied and gave her a peck on the cheek. I looked down at her jeans and yeah, there was a certain dampness, but certainly nothing that would be noticed unless you looked for it. Great start, I thought to myself. We haven’t even started yet and at least two of us have peed our pants.

Me and Meg held hands as we walked towards the hidden door that had opened as the voice was screaming at us, I don’t think we were consciously holding hands, but I think we felt a certain bond cause we had both confessed to peeing ourselves. Everyone else seemed scared and edgy and we were all sticking close together, nobody was breaking rank. As we walked down the steep, dark staircase towards the underbelly of the mansion, we could hear eery music playing in the room at the bottom of the stairs, yeah, we were headed there. The atmosphere felt crushing and intimidating, which only got worse as we entered the room.

The room was dimly lit and there was a strange red hue in the air. There were candles burning in each corner and the smell of a sweet sickly incense was burning my nostrils. I really did not like it down there. I had to use every muscle I had to stop more pee wetting my diaper. There was a sign pointing us to a short, slightly better lit corridor which was lined with candles. It was only wide enough for one at a time, I looked at Meg in horror, neither of us wanted to go alone.

“Who’s going first?” asked Noah, he even sounded strangely uncomfortable. Nobody wanted to respond, we were all too frightened. “guess I’ll take the lead then” yeah, he answered his own question. “who’s going last?” I asked “I’m fucking not, nor is Meg” I felt it was only right to protect Meg, she seemed even more afraid than me, gripping my arm as she was, it felt like she was trembling uncontrollably. “Will, you should go last” Lauren intervened, I totally agreed, it seemed only right that the two boys go first and last, it had a nice symmetry. So, Noah took the lead, followed by Lauren, then me, then Meg and Will was at the back of the queue and we slowly crept our way down the corridor. I gripped Laurens waist like there was no tomorrow and I could feel Meg doing the same with me, she was still trembling.

At the end of the corridor we entered a huge but somewhat cacophonous stone walled room. There were still candles in the corners but thankfully, the incense was now gone. We all filed in one by one, until we all finally filed ourselves into a neat line. I was thinking of walking around to explore and see what was where, but Meg once again, latched onto my arm and wouldn’t let go, I felt so sorry for her. Out of me and her, I was truly surprised that I was handling it better than her. “its just a game babe, nobody is gunna hurt you” I whispered in her ear, her hair smelled sweet, like flowers, later I wanted to know what shampoo she was using.

“I know, I’m just freaked” she mumbled in reply. “it’ll soon be over, then we’ll take you our for a stiff drink” I was just trying to be supportive for my friend. There was a pause and I felt like she had nothing more to say, so I moved to get closer to Noah for a little extra support but once again, Meg stopped me in my tracks.

“I need to get these knickers off” she whispered into my ear, she sounded somewhat forlorn to me. “its just a little pee, I’m in the same boat remember, I peed myself too” I wanted to sound comforting, but it was tricky cause I could feel my voice breaking, the tense atmosphere was catching up with me and as we know, I wasn’t telling the whole truth. “its not that” her voice broke off suddenly.

“What is it babe?” I inquired, genuinely intrigued. “I pooped a little too” Stunned. I knew she was scared, but really? So scared she pooped her pants? I found it very hard to believe. “Are you serious?” I felt my tone was a little harsh, I didn’t mean it, I was just so surprised by this admission, it really threw me off my guard. She shrank back a little and I could see she was shocked by my tone, I felt I had to make amends. “I’m sorry babe, I was taken back” I kissed her on her forehead as recompense. “yes, I am serious” she replied to my original question “its not much, but… when that voice boomed out, I felt really strange, like I was frozen and had no control over myself and as well as the pee, a little poop slipped out too” Poor Meg.

“I’m sorry baby, I knew this wasn’t a good idea” I was scornful, this really wasn’t a good idea. “can you carry on?” I inquired; every fibre of my being wanted her to say no so I could get myself out of this hell hole too. “yeah, I can” oh great “I just need to get these knickers off, you think there’s anywhere I can change?” I seriously doubted it and I didn’t want to give her false hope “I don’t think so babe, even if there is, you really wanna do this commando?” oh boy, this was a conversation I never thought I would have. “I’ve got a spare pair in my bag, I thought it wise. I mean, the whole point here is to make people pee their pants, I felt it was prudent to come prepared” I admired her logic, it rather matched up with mine. Our conversation, however, was interrupted by our illustrious host.

A guy stepped out from behind a door. He was tall and wearing a dark robe and big black boots, he looked kinda creepy but also quite funny at the same time. We all just stood in silence as we waited for an introduction and maybe even find out what the hell was happening.

“Good afternoon folks” he announced pleasantly, gotta say, I was surprised by how cheery and friendly he sounded “my name is Mark and I will be your host for the day” Nice introduction, I thought to myself.

“Excuse me?” Meg spoke out in a breaking and obviously scared voice. “Ahh hello, sorry, what is your name please?” Mark asked politely “Meg” my word she sounded frightened “nice to meet you Meg, no need to sound so frightened, what can I do for you?” honestly, he sounded totally friendly, not at all what any of us were expecting. “umm can i… umm is there… is there like a bathroom I could use please?” she asked pleadingly. “we do have facilities, which you may use before the game begins, but I need to know why?” I looked at Meg, I needed to know what she was gunna say, I gripped her tight to offer what little support I could. “I just need to pee” oh dear, she did not sound convincing, Meg was never a good liar. “I don’t believe you” Mark rebuked her “if you wanna use the bathroom, I’m gunna need to hear the truth” I shot a look to Meg again, I felt I needed to bail her out.

“Truth is” I spoke out and Meg looked at me so pleadingly it was horrendous, for a moment, I’m sure she thought I was going to be truthful about what had occurred in her underwear “we’ve both peed ourselves a little and we would like to dry ourselves off” please believe me, please. I tried to sound as convincing as I could, I mean it was kinda true, we had both peed ourselves, except she had done just a little more in her knickers than I wanted to let on. “that’s fine” he said.

Thank the lord, I thought to myself, I looked at Meg and smiled, I felt like I had bailed her out. “one thing though, I’m gunna need to check that you don’t change underwear in there” oh god, what? That’s weird surely. “how’s that work?” I asked totally surprised. “simple; I check the waistband of your underwear now and check again when you come out, if they match, then we’re good to go” there were a few looks of surprise being whipped around among our friends, mostly at Meg, I guess they’ve all become used to my various accidents, but for Meg, it was her first time. She didn’t seem too embarrassed, thankfully, which believe me was a relief.

“does that sound okay babe?” I asked Meg, it was only after I had asked that I realised the problem. Unless her underwear matched, she was in a little trouble, what kinda trouble, I didn’t know. “yeah, I guess so” she replied, they must match, I thought to myself. “yeah that’s okay” I said to Mark in agreement. “glad to hear it” he said jovially “however, I am of course only joking, you’re free to use the facilities before we start” Phew, that’s a load of my mind.

Mark directed us to the bathroom. It was only a short walk and the facilities were rather pleasant. They were clean, well equipped and nicely decorated. We both entered the same stall and Meg began stripping off her jeans. She pulled her jeans down and there was a clear wet patch on the gusset of her knickers, there was also a pad there too, she had clearly leaked a lot, the pad was totally overwhelmed. She pulled her jeans off and asked me to inspect the back, “no problem babe” I said reassuringly. Honestly, it was clear she had not suffered a number two accident, there was no brown stain adorning the seat of her cute white knickers or anything else to indicate an accident of this variety. “How bad is it?” she asked me pleadingly, “Not sure what you felt, but I cannot see anything babe” she looked at me in abject surprise, this was clearly not the response she was expecting.

“Really? Like, I was so sure?” I shrugged my shoulders and reiterated what I had already said, she stripped off her cute white knickers and put them in a plastic bag she had brought with her and placed the bag inside her handbag. I asked if she needed a hand drying herself off, but she said no. Her replacement knickers were equally cute. They were royal blue hipster briefs with a cute pink bow on the front, she placed them on the toilet cistern and left them there until she had dried herself off. “I’m really sorry about this Emily, I feel like a fool” she seemed in better spirits now she knew the number two accident did not even happen. “hey, it’s okay, it happens” I hugged her tight again, I could still see her pee stained knickers protruding from her bag, it made me think what kinda state I would be in, if I were not diapered.

She finished drying herself off and invited me back into the stall. She was just slipping into her fresh knickers when I walked in. “You putting another pad in?” I asked her politely, she simply nodded in response. “what about you?” she asked me. “What about me?” I asked her “well, you peed too, don’t you need to change?” okay, I really didn’t want to lie to her right now, but I also didn’t want to give the game away, I composed myself for a half truth “I only leaked a little, besides, its dried now, I feel okay” she gave me a half smile in approval.

She pulled up her jeans again, took a minute to compose herself and we prepared to leave the bathroom. “before we go…” Meg broke off midsentence “yeah?” i asked inquisitively “you wont tell anybody about the uh… well you know, will you?” I hugged her tight again and reassured her that no word of it would ever pass my lips. Think what you will about me, but I am not in the habit of announcing to the world that my friend thought she had pooped her pants.

We left the bathroom and re-joined the others, we had been gone longer than expected and a few looks where shared, I never said a word and silently regrouped within our original line.

“Ah the ladies return” Mark greeted us warmly in welcome “I was just explaining to your friends exactly what is going to happen, but have no fear I am happy to explain again” me and Meg looked at each other and smiled, I had suddenly become nervous again.

“Okay I’ll keep this as brief as I can: when you go through that door, you will be in the escape room itself, your task is to solve the puzzle and exit the room. However, before entering you will drink this”, he presented a green coloured vial in his hand “the bladder buster potion. After drinking our special brew, your bladder will fill up in moments, it is made of a special mix of herbs, diuretics and one or two special ingredients. It’s also totally vegan friendly and totally safe to drink. That’s about it, really is that simple” It did sound simple, but, as I’m sure you all know, operating when desperate to pee is much easier said than done, our brains become scrambled and we often act irrationally and without proper thought. My nerves had died away somewhat, I was no longer feeling anxiously terrified, I now realised it was just a game, I looked around my friends and I think we all breathed a sigh of relief in tandem.

“Now, if there are no questions, if you could all take a potion one by one, once you have all consumed a potion, then I will activate the escape room. Is everyone ready?” I took a deep breath and nodded in approval, even Meg seemed calm and composed again.

“Hell yeah” shouted Noah.

“fantastic. If you would all like to come up and take a potion” he beckoned us all forward and Noah went first. He downed the vial and shuddered slightly at the taste “my word that’s bitter” he announced chidingly, Mark simply giggled in response. Lauren drank hers, then Will, then Meg and finally, I took a deep breath and drank mine. God help me, I thought to myself. Come on diaper, you and me against the world, don’t let me down now. The potion was indeed bitter, it tasted a little like raw lemon juice mixed with juniper berries or something. Anyway, it didn’t taste good and it had an effort on my bladder immediately. I went from a four to a six in almost no time. I had to put this to the back of my mind, cause we had entered the escape room.

The room itself was square. It was well lit, there was a computer in the corner, albeit a slightly old and creaky model and there was a locked door opposite the door we had just entered from. I walked over to the computer and read what it said on the screen, “guys come look at this” I announced to everyone, we all piled around the screen to read “find the key, open the door, or your dignity, will be no more” great. “So, we gotta find a key?” I asked puzzled. “I guess so” responded Noah. We all split up to look for anything key like, this was gunna be tough, the room was incredibly bare, and it really didn’t look like there was anywhere to hide a key.

“Lauren, you’re good at this stuff, any ideas?” I inquired. “nope, got a little problem of my own” I swung round to see Lauren leaning against the wall with her hands planted in her crotch, I guessed the potion was doing its work. “gotta pee babe?” I asked her nonchalantly, I already knew the answer, I was overly familiar with desperation. “fuck yeah, like I’m all tensed and shit, I fear if I loosen up or move, I’ll piss my pants” yeah, I know the feeling. “maybe let it go babe? You might feel better, then we might have a chance of getting out of here” I wanted to sound positive, but its tough to be positive when you’re asking a friend to piss their pants for the greater good. “I know you’re right, but if I wet myself now, I gotta stay in these wet knickers and jeans all day, I didn’t bring a change of clothes” her voice was laboured, she was breathing heavily and beginning to shake. Not bringing a change of clothes was a bad idea, surely, she knew this might happen sooner or later?

I left Lauren for a few moments to think over her situation. My bladder was also beginning to beg for attention, these potions really are fast workers. I considered the possibility of peeing in my diaper at that very moment, I had a thought that maybe if I let it go early, in one go, I might not get it so badly later. I was not confident though and what I really feared, was filling my diaper too early and increasing the likelihood of a leak later in the game. I wanted to forget my bladder and focus on finding this key, surely if we find the key, then we do not have to worry about this problem.

“Is there like any clues or anything?” Will asked anybody that was listening. “Just that note on the computer I think” I answered in response. It really was nothing to work from, even just a small hint to get us going would be a good thing right about now.

“Mark? Can you hear us in here?” Noah shouted abruptly, gave me quite a shock, his voice really boomed around the room. There was a brief pause, before finally Mark responded.

“I can hear you loud and clear” Mark retorted jovially. “any chance of a little hint of some kind to get us going?” Noah inquired. I figured it was pointless, the whole point of an escape room is to work it out ourselves.

“Sure, I can give you a hint. Gunna cost though” My word, he really was jovial, I got the impression he was really enjoying this.

“cost us what exactly?” I shouted back quite tartly. It took a moment of two for Mark to respond. “If you want a hint, one of you has to pee your pants” he spoke the words with a slight playfulness in his voice. “That simple, one of us pees our pants and you give us a hint is that the deal?” I spoke calmly and pragmatic. “that simple” he retorted.

We all gazed at each other for a moment, before all our eyes focused on Lauren. She was still doubled over on herself, hands pressed into her crotch with her thighs locked together, shaking like a leaf in a strong wind. She looked back at all of us, she knew what we wanted, I figured she would take some persuading, but I also trusted her to make the right call.

“Come on Lauren, take one for the team” Noah spoke out.

“yeah babe, it’s just a little pee, you’ll dry off and I’m sure they have some dry clothes you can borrow” I was in full on persuasion mode, we really needed this hint.

“Save your breath guys” Lauren retorted. Oh dear, this is gunna be tougher than I thought.

I was just about to start a monologue about the greater good for all involved, when out the corner of my eye, I saw one of the most welcoming sight of my life. A huge dark stain began to spread around her light-coloured jeans. It started at the crotch and quickly spread the full width of her jeans and before long, her legs had become waterfalls. The wetness was pouring down her legs and flowing over her shoes and pooling beneath her feet. Her eyes were closed, and her breathing was still deep. She was still doubled over on herself, with her ass stuck out as if she were doing a standing squat. I could see pee pouring through the back of her jeans, her poor underwear would be drenched. She seemed to pee for an eternity.

“OH my god!” she finally spoke as the last few trickles left her body. “That may have been, the best pee of my life” I looked at my friends and we all shared a long grin, guess pissing your pants isn’t so bad after all.

“Feel better?” I asked kindly. “Oh god yeah” she responded. “Gunna have to take these jeans of though, they have become heavy and they’re sticking to me” I supressed a child like giggle. I looked at Noah and he was full on staring at Lauren, I think he enjoyed watching her wet herself.

Lauren began peeling off her wet jeans, she laboured away for a good few moments. They really were totally sodden and because they were clinging so badly, she really struggled to get them off. When she did however, I was amazed. She was wearing these totally adorable purple knickers with “Good girls cover up” printed across the back, I thought they were cute, her ass looked good too. The wet patch had spread more than halfway up the back towards the waistband, it was a nice sight and it gave me a little buzz. Wait? What is happening to me? Noah was still staring, I couldn’t really blame him, guess he was feeling similar sensations to me.

“Where can I leave these? Lauren asked anyone who was listening. “Put them in the corner” Will called out. Seemed a good call.

“Look Mark, I peed my pants. Wanna give us the hint?” Lauren shouted out playfully whilst shaking her wet ass. “Well, you’ve upheld your end, so it’s only fair I do the same, listen closely, cause I will only say this once: Some feel pleasure, some feel sin, to find out who, you must look within”

What the hell does that even mean? My brain went into overdrive working out the various connotations of the statement. It was clearly a riddle, but it really could mean anything. Does it mean one of us has the key? Does it mean one of us is the key? Has it got something to do with the computer, I mean, you can find pleasure and sin on a computer? Honestly, I was bewildered. It seemed everyone else was in the same boat. Will seemed totally frustrated, Meg seemed to be in quiet contemplation, Lauren was pacing around in her cute wet knickers and Noah was STILL staring at Lauren and her wet ass.

“Noah!” I blared at him, “snap out of it, we’ve got to work this out” he blushed red and gave me an apologetic look.

“I dunno, it could mean anything” he finally muttered as he came back to planet Earth, he still seemed to be distracted by something.

“Will, any thoughts?” I asked out of desperation, it seemed totally hopeless, we were all totally bewildered. “I have one” he announced quietly. “Thank god, what is it?” I asked him. “well, I dunno about the riddle, but I gotta pee, pretty bad” Not another one. Wait? No, that is good. That might mean we can get a clue. It struck me as odd though, he did not seem to be desperate, I decided to ask him about it. “I’m going to be honest Will, you don’t look that desperate?” he did not respond. He was deep in thought about something. What is going on with everyone today?

All the permutations of the riddle were bouncing around my head, it really could mean anything. My bladder was really beginning to scream at me too, it was making it harder to think. I only noticed when I looked at the floor, but I had been crossing my legs unconsciously for god knows how long. I must have leaked again too; cause I could feel a familiar warm tingle in my diaper. I braced myself and tensed up, the tingle was not going away. What? Huh? Ahhh okay, I was dribbling. Uncontrollably. Oh great. There was no urge, leading to the dribbling, it came out of nowhere. This potion, whatever is in it, really does what it says on the tin.

I could feel my diaper becoming more and more wet. The warmth was slowly spreading towards my bum as well, it actually felt quite nice, sort of comforting. I didn’t have it in me to fight any longer, I wanted to be able to think clearly, I wanted to help my friends out of this escape room. So, I did what any good friend would do and relaxed my muscles and let the torrent flow. OH GOSH!! It felt incredible. The pee gushed out of me like a waterfall, I could feel my diaper fighting the battle to absorb the torrent I was releasing into its grasp.

Between my thighs, I could feel my diaper sagging slightly, I wanted to check if it was visible, but by this stage, I wasn’t sure I cared. I knew I would pee in my diaper eventually and it turned out to be a nice sensation. I was overcome with a huge sense of relief as the final remnants of my bladder poured into my soggy diaper. I was, finally, clear headed. Unbeknownst to the world, I had just peed myself, but in total secrecy. I enjoyed the feeling it gave me. maybe diapers aren’t so bad after all.

I composed myself and tried to forget the soggy warmth against my genitals and ass, it was tough, I won’t lie, I had a niggling feeling of naughtiness and I think I was blushing slightly. “okay, we really need to solve this riddle guys” I spoke fervently, I wanted to motivate those around me.

“I think… it means one of us has the key” Lauren spoke out, she sounded somewhat confident but with puzzlement in her voice too. “How would that work?” I asked. “hmmm well… who actually booked this thing? I know it was a group decision, but who actually made the booking?” I felt she had hit onto a good point, maybe this whole thing was prearranged in some way.

“Well, from what I remember, Noah was the one who discovered this place” I answered confidently. “Got nothing to do with me” Noah protested. “Are you sure? I mean, it was your idea, this could all be one big joke on your part, I would not put it past you” I answered him back sharply. “Look, I got an email out of nowhere from an email address registered to the operator of this business, it said if I bring my friends along, we would get cheap prices and a unique experience” this was totally bizarre, he spoke truthful, I’ve known Noah a long time, I can tell when he is lying, on this occasion, he was not lying.

“So, none of us has the key?” Lauren asked sharply.

“I have no idea” I retorted. “Hey mark, you still there?” I called out into the ether. “Yeah I’m still here” he replied. “look, we’re totally confuzzled out here, we have no idea what’s going on, it’s becoming creepy, can you please just tell us what the hell we’re doing here. Cause I’m not sure we want to play this game anymore.” I glanced around my friends and I was met with almost universal approval, this was becoming farcical, there seemed to be no answer to the riddle. Meg had barely spoken since leaving the bathroom, Will seemed to be in a trance and Lauren was happily prancing around in her soaked knickers, as for Noah, I couldn’t read him, this potion seemingly had no effect on him.

“Check the computer” Mark’s electronic voice echoed around the room. I made a dash for the computer, there was a message, one that was not there before, it said: “Puer in Eboracum natus est” What the hell is that? What language is that? We all read it, totally puzzled. After a moment or two, Will spoke out, “I think it’s Latin” he sounded unsure in his answer.

“Well okay, if it is Latin, what the hell does it say? This is just getting weird” I was beginning to get agitated, I know this is the point of escape rooms, they aren’t supposed to be easy, but when you have one friend who is frolicking happily in wet knickers, one who appears to be in a trance, one who hasn’t spoken in ages, one who is apparently desperate for a pee but showing no signs of desperation at all, it all just seemed too much for me, I needed a glimmer of light to aim for.

“Well, Eboracum is the Latin for York, that’s as far as my knowledge goes” It was Noah who spoke out. “How do you know that?” Meg asked him, it was the first time she had spoken in a long time. “I studied at York university, it was just something I picked up along the way” okay, maybe we can get somewhere with this.

I briefly believed we were getting somewhere. Maybe the clue has something to do with Noah’s studies at York, maybe that has something to do with the original riddle? But honestly, I didn’t know.

“Will, a little help here would be nice?” I asked him tartly. He said nothing but just stared right through me, as he began emptying his bladder. It was huge. His grey denim shorts quickly went dark. I could see his pee running down his legs, trickling into his socks and flowing ferociously over his shoes. There was such a forcefulness, that I could see the tip of his penis pressing against the sodden material of his shorts. The sound of his pee splashing against the stone floor was echoing and we all just stood silently watching as he emptied his bladder. His face was expressionless, as if he were having an out of body experience. At one point he looked down at his crotch and grabbed his testicles and squeezed, pee sprayed over his hand and sploshed onto the floor. He stood for a moment and pushed the puddle around slightly with his feet, as if he were a cat playing with its dinner. I thought he looked cute.

“I’ve gotta get these shorts off” he exclaimed nonchalantly. Just like that, he began peeling his shorts off, he unbuttoned his shorts, dropped the fly and his shorts fell to his ankles and rested wearily in his puddle. He was wearing tight grey briefs that really hugged his testicles in a wet embrace, his package was tight and seemed to be resting comfortably. He spun around and there was a wetness that had began to creep up his ass but stopped just below his cheeks.

“You feel better?” Lauren asked him directly. “I do” he answered simply.

“Anyone else wanna wet their pants and strip off before we sole this riddle?” I asked, totally exasperated by everything that was going on. It was very much a rhetorical question; I was beginning to think everyone had gone a bit mad. I know the whole point of this game is for all participants to wet their pants, but surely stripping off isn’t part of that bargain.

I let the silence linger for a moment before speaking again. “look, we could end up in here forever, we have to solve this riddle. Anyone have any ideas?” Again, I was greeted by silence. “look, can we break it down word by word? Maybe that will give us some idea?”

“Puer” I answered by own question again, “any ideas?” I finally got a response “Puer means boy I think” announced Noah. Finally, we might be getting somewhere. “What makes you say that?” I asked him. “Not sure” he answered briskly “its just what popped into my head when I heard the word” well, I finally felt like we were maybe getting somewhere.

“Okay, so we maybe have boy. What is next… in Eboracum, well we think Eboracum is York, so maybe in York? Okay, so boy in York. Natus est? Any ideas?” it felt slightly forlorn, I figured we were lucky to get York and maybe boy, the last bit seemed alien to me.

“Well…” Noah began “What words In English do we have that are like natus?” decent line of thinking I thought.

“Natal?” Meg spoke out. “Natal!” I expressed jubilantly. “Natal has something to do with childbirth, right?” it was mostly rhetorical, but Noah answered, nonetheless. “Yeah, like ante natal classes” finally, maybe we had a workable answer.

“So, we have boy, York and birth?” I asked Noah. “Sounds about right” he responded. “So, is the answer, “The boy was born in York?” my question was directed towards Mark and he duly answered. “Yes” he said simply.

Halleluiah. It probably took us longer than it should have, but more importantly, we got there eventually.

“So, Mark, where does that leave us?” I asked jubilantly, I expected we were nearly through this. “Well you answered the question, but you still haven’t answered the riddle, so really, you’re no further forward”

You must be joking.

To be continued.

*003*2020-04-17 11:07

{{14 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this story so far

}}

{{2 hours ago, Guyandee said:

Brilliant. That’s a fantastic piece of writing. I love the detail and the conversations.

Awesome work!

}}

Thank you! Really appreciate the positivity

*007*2020-04-19 11:06

{{On 4/17/2020 at 12:22 PM, Damnation said:

Well, I am totally CRAVING more. You got me hooked. Good work and amazing descriptions.

}}

Thank you very much, that really does mean a lot! I put a lot of time and effort into this, so it’s great to know that my work is appreciated

