The planning visit

Author: stinklerus

*000*2020-05-23 11:05

David and Janet were both councillors on the regional council, although that was all that they had in common. In his early thirties, David was quite young for a Councillor but he was well respected and took his position seriously. He was a quiet, thoughtful young man and had gained respect both from his peers and those he represented. He lived in a council flat within the ward he represented and worked hard to help his fellow residents, many of whom were suffering economic hardship.

Janet, on the other hand , was much older, in her t their mid fifties. She had moved with her husband to a big house on the edge of the largest town in the area when he had secured a position with a booming energy company. They had no children and her husband was away quite often. At first Janet had involved herself in charity work before a friend had suggested she stand for election. She had been slightly surprised to find herself elected, but had promised herself that she would do all she could to help those who had put their faith in her.

Janet always kept herself looking smart and was still a very attractive woman. She dressed smartly and kept herself in reasonable shape, although she was carrying a few extra pounds in some areas.

Both Janet and David were on the area planning sub-committee and were waiting in the members lounge at the council building for a planning sub-committee meeting to start. There were four other members, all older men who were either retired or self employed. They sat drinking coffee and eating biscuits whilst they waited to be told where the meeting was to be held. After a few moments one of the lead planning officials appeared, along with the committee clerk, a tall thin woman with a stern expression. The official caught their attention before announcing that the morning part of the meeting wouldn't be held in the offices but instead would involve a couple of site visits to assess two rather contentious applications.

One was for a large new house in a scenic area of the countryside, whilst the other was for the conversion and extension of a derelict church building on a small island. The area served by the committee covered several large towns, some smaller villages, as well as the rural surroundings and several islands. Some of the islands had considerably populations whilst others were small with only a few residents. The official then stated that they would be leaving in a mini bus in ten minutes.

On hearing this announcement David rise and headed for the toilets. When he got there he was disappointed to find both urinals in use and the only cubicle occupied. He had always been rather "pee shy", and rather than wait until a place became free he decided to leave, thinking that he would always find a toilet somewhere later.

Janet also decided to head for the toilet before leaving. She had taken her usual juice at breakfast, along with two mugs of coffee and she had also had another two cups in the lounge just now, so reasoned that it would be sensible to use the loo before heading out. On her way she was stopped in the corridor by a senior official who wished to discuss a sensitive matter regarding something going on in her ward. The discussion took longer than expected, and in the end she had to rush to catch the mini bus without using the toilet. She reasoned that if they were going to an island they would be travelling on a ferry, so she would be able to get to a toilet then. She wasn't needing badly at the moment anyway, but a visit would have made her more comfortable.

The mini bus took them out of town and along familiar roads until they turned off the main road and along a single track one. Finally they pulled over and the official explained the situation regarding the application for the big house before they all got out and viewed the site. They had to stand around listening to him explain how the proposals fitted in with the current policy and also the aspects that raised concerns. The process lasted about twenty minutes before they all climbed back abort the mini bus to head for the ferry.

David sat in the bus, becoming increasingly aware of his bladder. He was now wishing he had waited and used the toilet in the offices as he was starting to need quite badly. To take his mind off things he started studying his fellow passengers, especially the two women. He quickly dismissed the clerk, as she wasn't particularly attractive and reminded him of an old style school mistress.

Janet, though, was a different matter entirely. She was extremely attractive, especially to someone like him who had always secretly admired older women. He started to imagine what her body was like. Her tight skirt showed off her curves nicely and she had what he considers a lovely set of breasts too. He could almost feel the smooth, soft skin of her thighs and imagined himself fondling her firm breasts. Then he snapped out of his daydream, thinking that she was well out of his league. Although he was tall, muscular and fit, he didn't think of himself as being particularly attractive to women, especially ones like Janet.

On the minibus it was quite warm , as it was a lovely day out there. The clerk had been handing out bottles of water and now Janet sat sipping from hers. She definitely was going to have to use a toilet soon, but kept sipping away at her water out of habit as she always like to keep herself hydrated. She was looking forward to getting to the ferry terminal where she could relieve herself as she was becoming distinctly uncomfortable. She sat with her thighs tightly squeezed together and was finding it hard to ignore the signals from her bladder, much as she tried.

After another half an hour of travelling the planning official announced that they weren't going by the normal ferry to the island, as that would have involved a long detour around some of the other islands. Instead they were going by a small passenger boat from a slipway directly opposite the island. It would mean a shorter journey and they would get back in time for their afternoon meeting. On hearing this, Janet became rather concerned. She had been relying on using the toilets at the terminal or on the ferry, and was hoping gat there would still be a toilet somewhere she could use, as she was now getting close to being desperate.

The minibus turned off the road and onto a small track. At the end was a small, empty car park above a jetty with a small boat tied beside it. There was nothing else - no buildings anywhere and certainly no toilets. Janet looked around with increasing alarm. She now badly needed to pee, but it was obvious that there was nowhere here where she could possibly relieve herself. She would just have to grin and bear it. She thought to herself that there would probably be toilets at the other side she could use and that, although uncomfortable, she could wait till then.

They boarded the boat and headed off. By now David was really feeling the need to pee. He sat with crossed legs again trying his best to ignore his bladder but with limited success. He was going to have to slip off somewhere for a piss soon, as there was absolutely no chance of him holding till they got back to the town. The vibration of the boat engine through the hard wooden seats wasn't helping matters any either and he wished he could just stand up and let go over the side of the boat. If there had only been males in the group he would probably have considered it, but with two women present there was no way he could.

Janet was finding the vibration through the seat as well. She had to keep shifting position to stay comfortable and was really needing a toilet rather badly. She certainly hadn't been thinking that she would have to hold on so long without the possibility of relief and was longing to get to the other side.

After twenty minutes on the sea, which was thankfully flat calm, they landed at another small jetty. Again there were no buildings of any kind, but just a lobster creels and fishing nets lying about. A battered old minibus was waiting for them and they piled aboard. It was a short trip to the old church site, but the bumpy road was torture for Janet's bladder. She had to discreetly slip a hand between her thighs to give herself a squeeze on several occasions as the minibus bumped along the track up the hill.

They reached the site and got out. When they did so the official asked the driver to take the vehicle back down the track to the road and to wait for them there. He didn't want the vehicle impeding on their sense of the view. They there gathered around and listened as the official went through the same procedure as earlier. He walked them around the outside of the building, which stood on the hill at the very top of the island with a commanding view all around. It was locked, so they couldn't go inside but examined all sides and listened to what was being proposed before standing back in a group at the head of the track.

While this was happening, Janet was having difficulty standing still. She had both hands in the pockets of her light coat, holding herself through the material. Her legs were crossed and she was squeezing her thighs tightly together. By now she was extremely concerned, as she finally realised that there was no way that she was going to be able to hold on until they were back in civilisation. This thought brought on more panic in her mind, as she suddenly realised that she had never peed outside before - ever. She had only ever peed in a proper toilet and until now had never had any cause to consider doing so. But now she was being forced to consider doing exactly that. She simply had to think of something before the unthinkable happened and she wet herself.

By the end of the officials spiel David was almost beside himself. He simply had to pee soon or he was going to have an accident. All the while the talking had been going on he had been shuffling about with one hand in his pocket twisting his penis continually to avoid leaking. He simply had to find some way of having a piss or he would end up embarrassing himself.

When the official was finished he drew the group away from the building to the head of the track. They stood looking around and admiring the views, or at least some of them did. David saw his chance and slipped away and round the back of the building, where, as soon as he was out of sight and almost leaking in his pants, he unzipped and whipped out his dick before unleashing a noisy torrent of pent up pee.

Janet had now resigned herself to the fact that if she wasn't going to wet herself she was going to have to take her first ever outdoor pee. She said to the others that she had noticed a feature on the far side of the building and was just going to take a photo of it before leaving. She hobbled around the side of the building, and as soon as she was out of sight of the others, started to pull up the hem of her tight skirt. She then rounded the corner to be met with the sight of David standing with his feet apart, one hand against the wall, his head held back, eyes closed and his other hand holding his penis from which a torrent of pee was pouring out.

She stopped in her tracks. Normally the sight of a handsome young man's penis would have clauses her to bro moist between her legs, but in her condition she suddenly felt herself grow moist for a totally different reason as the first spurt of pee leaked into her knickers. She muttered an apology whilst quickly pulling up her skirt, whipping down her knickers and tights as she dropped into a squat with pee gushing from her splashing her knickers and shoes. She kept apologising as she squatted peeing freely now and not caring whether or not David was seeing everything. As the flow eased she looked up and around to see David now as he struggled to fit his enlarged member back into his trousers. When she had eventually finished he walked past her and told her not to worry , as he would act as lookout until she sorted herself out. Grateful, she smiled at him before drying herself of as best she could before they both headed back to joint the others, much relieved.

*003*2020-05-24 10:15

Thanks for the positive comments (and apologies for the typing errors!) It was written in a bit of a rush, so I am not entirely happy with it, but I'm glad it was enjoyed all the same.

I have plenty more story lines to follow when time permits.

