This story does not exist...

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2020-07-22 21:58

... and I don't intend to write it. We live in a modern world. Why write things yourself when you can have an AI generate it for you?

This is written using https://play.aidungeon.io/

. I will be putting things I supply in bold. I may use the undo and edit features, but I like to think I'm lazy enough that you'll mostly be getting what the AI wrote.

So without further ado. Oh, for those familiar: this is the free version, so it isn't the dragon model yet. If I like the results, I'll give that a try as wel.

***

You are a gamer girl and today you're going to comicon. You have long black hair and are wearing a jumpsuit. You haven't been to a con before and you're kind of nervous, though you're definitely looking forward to it. It's very warm and you're drinking a lot of water to stay hydrated. There are a lot of people, many of them dressed up as characters from sci-fi and fantasy. Right now, you're watching someone play Breath of the Wild hoping that soon you'll get a chance to play, too.

The person in front of you moves on and you start playing. Just as you make a new game, you notice that you have to pee a little, but you decide to wait. Eventually, you hear some noise coming from behind one of the booths. A man is standing there holding something in his hand. He looks around for a moment and then walks over to where you are sitting.

The man is carrying a new kind of energy drink, and asks if you'd like to try some. You decline and he places it next to you. "It's not very popular yet, but it might become more widely available soon. I call it the energy drink that represents a new beginning."

You keep playing and, without noticing, drink the entire can. You're really starting to feel the effects of the drink. As you keep playing, you find that you can play for much longer periods of time. You also start to feel really hot, and your bladder is reminding you that you need to pee.

You put the drink back and try to find a place to go. You end up running down one of the aisles, and then out the other side. When you finally get back, there's hardly anything left of the can.

You sit down in your seat and notice that you're sweating profusely. You also realize that your heart is beating really fast. The man is standing in the same spot, but he seems much farther away. You try to remember where the bathroom is, but you're having a hard time focusing. You stand up and your legs feel wobbly. You manage to make it to the bathroom and relieve yourself. As you come back out, you have an even harder time focusing. Your vision is starting to blur and your heart is racing. It takes a lot for you to get back to your seat. When you sit down, the world feels like it's moving in slow motion.

((Uhh.... I think it's focusing on the wrong thing. Let's shift the focus.))

The man gives you a pill. Once you take it (drinking it down with plenty of water), you immediately feel better. You keep playing, but within a few minutes you have to pee again. Not wanting to get up, you call for someone to come help you. This is when you hear the voice. It sounds like it's coming from the inside of your skull.

"You have been chosen."

"What? I don't understand."

"You have been chosen to play a game."

"Okay... I'm not following you."

"Play the game."

"What game?"

"Life. Do you accept the terms?"

"What are the terms?"

"All is revealed in time. Are you willing to play?"

"Yes. But, I have to pee."

"Again, all is revealed in time. You will have to hold it in."

At this point, you aren't sure if you should play this game. You're not exactly comfortable with all of this, but you decide to go along with it.

"I'm in."

"You may now call for help."

You shout as loud as you can for someone to come help you. It takes a few minutes, but eventually a guy comes over.

"What's wrong? Are you okay?" he asks.

"I'm having trouble with this game! I'm not hurt or anything, I just need to pee really bad!" you say.

"Just go to the bathroom?"

"There's a line! I'm not sure I can wait!" you say.

The guy looks around and realizes that no one is watching. He then helps you get out of your seat and lead you to the bathroom. Once inside, he shuts the door and you can't see anything except a white room with a toilet and sink in it.

"Just go," he says.

You do exactly that.

***

I think that's a good first attempt. I guess the AI doesn't understand that we might want someone to wait. Let's try a different scenario.

***

After a huge party, you and Amy are coming back to your flat. You've each had a lot of beer and aren't walking very straight. Both of you are tall, blond, and very pretty. Amy is wearing a skirt, while you are wearing a jumpsuit. You have to pee quite bad and you think Amy might need to go too, but you're too shy to say anything about it. You've kind of got a crush on Amy and with all the alcohol you've consumed, you're thinking some very dirty thoughts. More and more, though, you just wonder if you can hold it home or if you're going to have to pee in the bushes.

Just as you're about to bring it up, Amy says "I'm sorry, I really have to go." She turns around and walks away. She seems to be headed to some bushes near the road.

You quickly turn around and follow her.

"What's wrong?" you ask.

"It's nothing," she replies. "Go ahead, I'll catch up with you."

"Do you need to pee? I'm bursting, but I don't want to go in the bushes."

"No, I don't need to pee."

You follow her around the bushes and see her take her skirt up. Then, she stops and says "Are you going to watch?"

"You said you didn't need to go!"

"It's just that I know you like to watch and I want you to jerk off while you watch me pee."

You're not really sure about this.

***

Woah, that escalated quickly.

I'm cutting out a story based on a Lord of the Rings marathon where the AI understood that you wanted to hold it until the end of the movie, but then mostly made snarky comments about how you hated The Two Towers and how the book was better.

Here's one for which I couldn't be bothered to keep track of who said what. Feel free to guess. 🙂

***

You're a lonely gamer girl sitting in your room, preparing to enjoy the two things you like most: video games and omorashi. Sitting on a bean bag, you sip from your 2L bottle of ice tea and turn on your Switch preparing to play Breath of the Wild. You want to be alone for the evening: you've had a rough week and really want to unwind and have some fun.

You start by taking a few big gulps of your bottle, and then start playing the game. It's a lot easier than it was when you were younger; you remember how much more difficult it used to be to get through the first Zelda.

You keep drinking as you get further, taking sips whenever you have a free hand. Time flies, and soon you can feel a fullness in your stomach. It's not painful, just a warm feeling that makes you feel good. You smile to yourself, thinking that this is the perfect way to end your stressful week: relaxing, fun and free of worry.

The thought of that fullness moving lower sends a jolt through your body, a hot sensation that makes you shudder. It's an intoxicating feeling, one you want to repeat.

Focusing again on the game, you don't even notice as you finish the bottle. Your bladder is filling up, and you're starting to squirm around a little as your need becomes more urgent. You don't want to stop playing to go to the bathroom, because you're so deep into the game that you're enjoying every moment of it.

((Note: I wrote "you're starting to squirm around a little as your need" in the above, but the rest of the line is by the AI.))

You're enjoying that feeling of fullness in your bladder, too. Absent-mindedly, you give your crotch a squeeze, both to help hold and to try to heighten your feeling. It's a bit of both, since you find yourself massaging your inner thighs and pinching your nipples at the same time.

As your bladder fills, so do your dreams.

You put the controller down and lean back on the bean bag. You dream in pictures, and tonight your dreams are vivid as can be. In the dream, you're laying on a hill overlooking a massive castle.

You're bursting to explore it, but you know you can't: it's the domain of the dragon king, and any trespasser will be burned as a filth by his shrieking inhabitants.

You also really need to pee.

You wake up as your bladder bursts, feeling your shorts and panties get soaked. You shiver a bit with cold, but it's replaced by a warm feeling that makes you go back to sleep.

You wake up again. Did you wet yourself? No, you're still desperate, it was just a dream. You get up, wandering into the bathroom. You stare at your reflection, realizing that the girl in the mirror looks like you. She has your eyes, that mischievous smile and the dark circles under her eyes.

You decide to hold it a little longer. You can see the bulge of your belly getting harder and harder as you get closer to the toilet. You start to... feel warm. Really warm.

You look down and gasp. The sweatshirt you're wearing is stretched tightly against your belly, and you can see the outline of your belly button and hips.

Feeling a leak escape, you hurry towards the toilet.

You wake up for real. You're soaked, and the sweatshirt is covered in your urine. You stand up, staring at yourself in the mirror.

***

Interesting stuff, though it's hard to ... get it in the mood.

EDIT: quick addition:

***

You are a guy who is stuck in an elevator with Amy, who really has to pee. You were out for drinks with her and she had a lot of tea. She doesn't want to admit just how badly she has to go, but you can tell from the way she's shifting around that she can't hold on much longer.

"I'm sorry," you say. "It'll be okay."

She looks at you as if this was some sort of trick.

"You have to go, don't you?" you ask.

"No!" she says. "Just... please..."

She looks like she might cry, so you quickly try to think of another way to help her out.

"Do you want a hug?" you ask.

She nods, so you put your arms around her. She wraps her arms around your waist.

"I... do have to pee," she says, and lifts up her shirt a bit to reveal her panties.

You pull away from her.

"No fair!" you say.

"What?" she asks.

"Now I can't help you!"

"Oh," she says and hugs you again, "I thought you wanted to see if I peeed through my... shirt."

She laughs and hugs you one last time.

"Thanks," she says, "for being so sweet.

"Do you think you can wait until we get out?" you ask.

"Probably," she says, "but I'll feel way better after I pee."

"When did you last go?" you ask.

"I dunno... I think it's been a while," she says.

"I have to go a little as well," you admit, "But you look like you're in pain. Is there any way you can hold it?"

She nods, "I think I can, yeah. But..."

You look her in the eyes.

"But what?" you ask.

"I don't want to hold it in too long, or else I'm going to have an accident."

"Have you ever had an accident?" you ask. You don't want her to notice, but you're starting to get hard right now.

She nods and blushes.

"A few weeks ago," she says, "I was at my friend Lucy's house, and she didn't have toilet paper. So I didn't go for a long time."

"Did you try to wait until you were home?" you ask.

"I really had to pee, and I was starting to feel faint," she says, "so I just went outside."

You can tell that she wants to say something, but she holds back.

"Go on," you urge, "You wanted to pee in her yard?"

She blushes even more and nods slowly.

"I peed in the grass," she admits, "and then I... I touched myself."

You nod and breathe a sigh of relief.

"Thank you for telling me,"

"I leaked while I was telling you," she admits. "Can I stop telling you now?"

"Sure," you smile.

"You can touch yourself too," she says, "if you want."

You stare into her eyes and nod.

"I think it's hot that you have to pee so bad," you say, "Do you want to squat here?"

"Oh, that's disgusting!" she exclaims, "But I might have to..."

She quickly turns away as she pulls up her skirt and spreads her legs.

"Aren't you going to take off your panties?" you ask, surprised.

She looks at you as if you've gone crazy, "Why would I do that?"

"They'll get wet..." you say.

Before you've even finished your sentence, a burst of pee hits the floor. You're not looking at it directly, but you're able to see a stream of pee come out of her.

"Ah!" she screams, "I leaked all over myself!"

In moments, she is soaked. You can see that she has to sit down and touch up her makeup.

"There you go," you say, "you're all set."

"Thanks," she sighs.

*002*2020-07-23 19:47

Here's another one. I was mostly writing Amy's bits here, though I had to edit two posts in order to get rid of underage content.

USER: Amy

Hey everyone!

Have you ever had any times that you had to pee really bad? I think it would be fun to tell each other about it, you know, as a kind of bonding experience. I always have to go so bad when I drink tea or anything with alcohol.

Let me start: one time I was at a party, and I was talking to this totally cute guy. He kept leaning over, like he was going to kiss me, and I really wanted him to. Problem was, I'd been drinking and I knew I had to go find a place to pee soon. He just kept playing hard to get, though, and I really wanted to just pull him close and kiss him and climb onto his lap...

Aaanyway, after a bit of this I finally started saying I would be right back, and that was the moment he pulled me into a hug. I had to go so bad! I leaked when he pressed up against me and I kissed him back (I mean, duh) but I also pushed him away a bit and told him I had to pee RIGHT NOW.

Problem was... there was a queue to the ladies. I begged the girl in front of me to let me go before her, but she said she was bursting too, and when I heard the toilet flush... well, I kinda lost control. Totally.

The guy was super nice about it, though. I think he was a bit turned on, really.

###

USER: Kate

Oh wow! Yeah, I know that feeling all too well.

I had something similar a few days ago, when I was on my way home from work. I'd just started drinking at work, because it was sort of a slow day and my shift was especially boring. My boss had ordered a lot of root beer floats, and I was really thirsty.

###

USER: Amy

So, what happened?

###

USER: Kate

I got super thirsty. Then I felt a little weird. Then I peed my pants!

###

USER: Ian

You peed in your pants?

###

USER: Kate

Yeah, I know it's weird. But it's a long story.

I finally stopped in the bathroom, and realized what I had done. I pulled up my pants as quick as I could, because I didn't want anyone to see.

And then, to my surprise, I started to feel it again. Only this time, it felt like someone was pushing on my bladder from the inside. I tried to hold it in, but I started to piss my pants all over the floor again. It felt so good to get all that pent-up urine out. I kept doing it again and again and again. I don't know how I stopped myself before the train conductor could see.

###

USER: Ian

That is so bizarre! So did you catch a train or something?

###

USER: Kate

Yeah, I ran so fast that the urine just came out of my shoes instead. That was pretty embarassing, but it didn't stop there!

When the train finally got to my stop, I had only stopped pissing about a minute before. I ran so fast that I managed to make it to the door before my body decided to start all over again. It felt so good that I didn't even mind when the door shut behind me as I was finishing up.

Fortunately, no one saw.

###

USER: Ian

That is so weird.

###

USER: Amy

... Yeah.

Kate, what's the longest you've ever held it in?

###

USER: Kate

(Note: post has been edited)

Hmm, that's a tough one. I think I held it in for over six hours once when I was about nineteen. I was on a sleepover at a friend's house and I think she drank too much wine and mixed some sort of drug that made us all sleepy. I think we were all in her basement, and at some point I just remember being really tired.

I remember lying down and closing my eyes, and then... nothing.

I don't remember anything after that. But I remember feeling really good. I had energy to spare, and felt happier than I had in a long time. I also felt like I was able to think more clearly, like I was awake yet fully aware of everything around me. I felt like I was actually a part of everything.

It was an amazing feeling.

###

USER: Amy

But you had to pee, right?

###

USER: Kate

Oh, yeah! I was definitely ready to pee, but I didn't want to move from that position for some reason. Maybe I just didn't want to leave that amazing feeling behind...

###

USER: Amy

So did you manage to hold it in?

###

USER: Kate

Yes! I can't even begin to tell you how hard and long I had to hold it. I felt like I was about to explode, and I don't think my body could handle it. Eventually I just gave up and got up to find a toilet, but I didn't have any problems after that.

###

USER: Ian

That's really weird.

###

USER: Kate

Yeah, but it's a good thing!

That story was my biggest pee-story. I think it was the most intense pleasure I had ever felt. I knew I would never experience that feeling again in my life, so I wanted to make the most of it while it lasted.

I remember I had so much fun telling that story to all my friends when I got home.

###

USER: Emily

Oh wow, Kate!

I have a story, too.

###

USER: Ian

Tell us! Tell us! Tell us!

###

USER: Kate

(Note: post has been edited.)

(Sigh) Fine. I was at my job. It was just one of those typical workdays. I got up, got dressed, had my breakfast, did some work and went on break. Nothing unusual happened all day, either. I can't really think of anything to add.

###

USER: Ian

I can't either.

###

USER: Emily

Let me tell my pee-story. I was dating a guy for about two months. We would usually go out to eat a lot because he didn't really want to cook and I had to go to a club later.

So one day, we went to eat at this new resteraunt that just opened up. It was great, but the resteraunt sucked, so it didn't last long. After we ate, we decided to go to this other place called a "love motel." I didn't really want to, but the idea of spending the night together in a room with a bed sounded pretty good, so that's what we did.

The problem was that I had to pee and there was no bathroom in the room.

I really had to go bad, and I didn't want to hold it in because I knew that would just make it worse.

So finally, my guy friend suggests that we go to this place he knows. It's not very far from the motel, and it's a love motel, so I guess it's normal for guys to go there.

So we get there, and the guy at the desk looks at us a bit funny, but doesn't say anything. Then, my friend goes in a room by himself, and I have to go in a stall.

I don't think I can hold it in anymore, so I sit on the toilet and try my best to not let go. But I lose my battle with myself. I release all of my pee into the toilet.

It felt so good to let it all out. I didn't even care that someone might walk in and see me. The thought just never entered my mind.

Finally, I was done, and I wipe my butt with toilet paper. I flush the toilet and wash my hands. I peek my head out to see my friend. He nods with a smile and says, "Let's go." We leave the room, and head back to the room where he got us a couple of "coffee" drinks from the vending machine.

###

USER: Ian

That was pretty gross.

###

USER: Kate

Yeah, but it was funny.

*003*2020-07-24 23:09

Okay, I've tried a more direct one now. I think that this... well, it wouldn't win any writing awards, but if I came across it here, I wouldn't say a bot had written it. The sex parts seem to come naturally, it's just hard to convince it that the desperation is important.

Oh yeah, content warning: sex. Also, I mostly wrote parts about the actions of "you". (In general, it seems like second person stories are easier to get out of it, which is a bit annoying, but hey.)

###

Tessa is a 23 year old girl long black hair and green eyes. She has a huge crush on you and is willing to do anything you ask of her.

Today you've invited her over to your place, and when she comes in, you're stunned. She's wearing jeans and a band t-shirt. As she stands there at the entrance, shy plays with her hair shyly.

"Come in!" you say, "You look fantastic!"

She blushes as you compliment her.

"Thanks. So are we just gonna hang out and watch a movie?"

"Yeah, that sounds good! Do you want something to drink while we watch?"

"Yeah please."

As you get drinks for both of you, you find a place to sit. You put your arm around her as you both sit on the couch. She nestles in close to you as you both watch the movie.

"You're cute," you say.

"I know. You've told me that before," she replies with a smile.

You kiss her on her cheek.

"You're my girlfriend now," you say.

"I know," she says with a smile.

You kiss her on the lips. She giggles and kisses you back.

"Are we going to watch the movie, or..?" you ask with a wink.

"I don't know...should we?" she asks.

"We should definitely do something else," you say.

You look into her eyes and kiss her on the mouth. She tastes of water and some other drink you can't identify.

"Do you want to go to my room?" you ask.

Tessa's eyes widen. She nods slowly.

"Finish your drink first," you tell her, "Today you have to do what I tell you to, okay?"

She nods and gulps down the rest of her drink. You stand up and take her hand, leading her to your room. You close the door behind you, and Tessa's eyes go wide.

You put an arm around her and pull her into a hug on the bed.

"Do you like me?" you ask.

"Yeah," she replies, "A lot. "

You pull out a bottle of wine and pour her a glass.

"Drink this," you say.

"I don't want to get drunk," she says.

"You won't get drunk from one glass," you retort, "And besides... you have to do what I say, remember?"

Tessa gulps down the wine and lies back on the bed. She puts her hands behind her head, which you kiss and kiss.

"Tessa... I have to tell you a secret," you say, resting a hand on her belly, "I think it's hot to see girls need to pee bad."

"Really?" she asks, "Do you want me to get desperate for you?"

"I'd love it," you admit, "Do you have to go yet?"

"No," she replies, "I'm not that desperate yet..."

Tessa takes her hands down from behind her head and begins caressing her tits through her shirt.

"Drink some more water," you order.

"I'm not that thirsty," she says.

"Drink or I'll give you something else to drink."

Tessa gulps down some more water.

"How do you feel?" you ask.

"A bit lightheaded," she replies, "I want to do something bad..."

Tessa takes off her shirt and crawls over on top of you.

"Is that the wine talking?" you ask, letting your hand rest on her breast.

"Maybe," she replies, "I want to feel your dick inside me."

"I want to see you bursting to pee first."

"You're mean," she says, giggling, "Will you please take off your pants?"

"Will you drink some more?"

"Maybe," she says, smiling, "If you take off your pants..."

You struggle out of your pants and boxers, then lie back on the bed.

"Now you have to drink," you say. "How full is your bladder?"

"I dunno," she says, "Maybe half full...?"

You struggle to sit up and grab the wine bottle, then lift it up to her lips.

"Here," you say, "Drink."

Tessa complies, and gulps down the wine. You pour more into the glass, which she finishes quickly.

"Are you starting to get desperate?" you ask.

"Maybe," she says, "I want to do bad things..."

"Let me play with you," you say, leaning her against you and slipping a hand into her panties. You can feel the fullness of her bladder and press gently on it.

"Ah! That feels so good!" Tessa says.

"Do you want to go piss?" you ask.

"I do," she replies, "Will you help me?"

"Maybe," you say, slowly sliding your fingers into her as she presses her lips against your neck.

"Will you take off my bra and suck my tits?" she asks.

"Maybe," you reply.

You move your fingers along her slit, to the point where you know she's about to begin squirting, then stop.

"Is it full?" you ask.

"Yeah," she replies, her voice strained, "I want to do bad things..."

"Are you worried you might wet yourself?"

"A little," she says, "Will you help me?"

"Maybe," you say.

Tessa begins grinding her hips into your hand and stops talking.

"Maybe is not enough," she says, "I need to know if you're going to do what I say."

"I'm a reasonable guy."

"Good," Tessa says, "Do you want me to piss on you?"

"No, I'm not into that... I just want you to keep holding it while I fuck you."

"I need to go," Tessa says, "I'm starting to feel desperate..."

You can see that she's struggling to stay in control.

"Come on, let's get to it," you say.

You lift her up and throw her down on the bed.

With a quick motion, you unbutton and pull down her jeans.

"Wait!" she says, squirming.

"Worried you won't be able to hold it?" you ask.

"Yes, I'm worried that I won't be able to... I need to go!"

"Settle down, beautiful," you say, sliding your hand into her panties and finding her slit. You begin stroking her as you kiss her. She stops struggling.

"

You will keep holding it," you say, looking right in her eyes, "Come... climb onto me."

"I'm scared," she says.

"Do you have to go that bad?" you ask.

"I'm serious! I don't want to piss on you!"

"You won't. Now, climb on."

Tessa climbs onto you, then grabs your shoulders and knees you. She wraps her legs around you and raises her hips as you enter her. You grab her ass to steady her as you begin to thrust.

"Do you like that?" you ask.

"It feels good," she replies, "but I'm still scared..."

You reach down and slowly move your hand up and down her slit. You feel her wetness coating your fingers.

"If you piss on me, I'm going to keep going," you say, looking into her eyes.

"Really?" she asks.

"Really," you reply.

"I'll hold it," she says.

You continue thrusting as your hands grab her ass and your faces meet in a long kiss. You look into her eyes and she holds your gaze.

"I love you," she says.

"I love you, too," you say, as you push deep into her.

You stay there, looking into each other's eyes, for a moment.

"I want to fuck you until you scream," you say.

"Do it," she replies, as you thrust into her again and again.

You keep going, harder and harder.

"Tell me you love me," you say.

"I love you," she replies.

"Tell me how bad you have to go."

"Bad," she says.

You continue thrusting as you go faster and faster.

"Tell me how bad you really need to go," you say.

"I need to go bad," she says.

"How bad?" you ask.

"I'm desperate!" she says.

"Tell me you're desperate," you say.

"I'm desperate," she says.

"Yes!" you moan, as you release inside her.

You keep thrusting as you feel the rush of an intense orgasm.

"I'm coming!" you groan.

You thrust one last time as you feel your body tensing up. You moan loudly as you release a massive load inside her.

"I'm coming!" she yells.

The room is filled with the sound of wet slapping and gasping. You slowly slow your hips as you stop thrusting. You're both covered in sweat and breathing hard.

"Are you... still holding?" you ask.

"Yes," she replies.

You slowly pull out of her and roll her over, then wrap your hands around her.

"How's your bladder?" you ask.

"It's full," she replies.

"Let it go," you order her, still holding her close, "Just pee, right here."

"I can't!" she whimpers, looking away from you.

"Yes, you can," you say, tightening your hands around her, "Are you scared?"

"A little," she admits.

"Don't be. It's OK. Come on, let it go."

Tessa releases her bladder onto the ground.

"Good girl," you say, giving her a kiss, "Are you OK?"

"Yes," she says, as you stand up.

You help her up and the pair of you quickly wipe yourself and each other down. You open the window to air the room out before leaning against it and pulling up your pants.

"That was intense," you say, "I don't think I've ever came that hard."

"It was pretty intense," Tessa agrees.

###

EDIT: I decided to give it another try, making sure not to do anything too sexual. Again, nothing fantastic, but I still think this is pretty impressive. I also recommend trying it yourself, it's a lot more fun when you have control.

###

Lily is a 23 year old girl with red hair and huge breasts. She has a huge crush on you and is willing to do anything you ask of her.

Today you've invited her over to your place, and when she comes in, you're stunned. She's wearing jeans and a tank top. As she stands there at the entrance, shy plays with her hair shyly.

"Come in!" you say, "You look fantastic! Let me get you something to drink."

"Thank you," she says, walking inside, "I was just on my way to the bathroom. Do you like I'm dressed?"

"Before you go," you say, "can I give you a hug?"

"Of course," she says, leaning in.

You give her a big hug and feel her tits squishily against your chest. You give her a squeeze and then let her go.

"I love how you're dressed, by the way," you add.

"Thank you," she says, blushing.

You walk over to the kitchen, wondering what drink you should make for her. You decide to make tea.

"You coming?" you ask.

"Yeah, in a minute," she replies.

"So, how have you been?" you ask.

"I've been okay," she says.

"Here, have some tea," you say, putting the kettle on to boil.

You walk back into your living room, where she sits and sips her drink.

"Let's play truth or dare," you suggest.

"No," she says, "I don't wanna be mean, but I really have to go to the bathroom."

"I think that's kind of hot," you admit.

"What?" she asks.

"I think it's hot when you have to pee."

"You do?" she asks, grinning.

"Yeah, it's sort of cute."

"I've never heard that one before," she says, twirling a piece of her hair.

"How long have you been holding it?" you ask, pretending to be fascinated by her shiny red hair.

"A while," she laughs.

"Can I press on your bladder?" you ask.

"Please do," she smiles, leaning back in her chair.

You press your hand against her stomach and push as she pats it.

"Does that make it worse?" you ask.

"A little bit," she says.

"Do you have a strong bladder?"

"I have a weak bladder," she admits.

"Me too," you say.

"We should be friends," she says, standing up.

"Definitely," you agree, "How bad do you have to go?"

"I have to go pee really badly," she says.

"I think that's sexy."

"Do you?" she asks.

"Yeah," you say, "I think it's sexy when a girl has to pee really bad."

You move closer to her and run your hand up her leg.

"Have you ever wet yourself?" you ask.

"I peed on myself once," she says.

"How did that make you feel?" you ask.

"Embarrassed," she says, "but it felt good at the time."

"Tell me what happened."

She tells you that she was at school and had to pee really badly. She told the teacher she had to go but was still told to wait until the class was done. By the time the teacher was done looking at her books, she had soaked through her jeans.

"Are you getting close to the point where you might pee yourself?" you ask.

"I think so," she says, "Can I really pee myself? I'm not supposed to!"

You look into her eyes and hold her gaze.

"Only if you really can't hold it," you tell her, "Stand up and let me look at you."

You pull her to her feet and move your hands down from her shoulders and slip them under her arms. She stands still as you look at her stomach and between her legs.

"Does it look like you're wet?" you ask, "Do you feel wet?"

"I feel a bit warm," she admits, "But I don't think it's pee. It doesn't smell."

You can tell she has to pee from the way she is tensing up.

"I want you to let a little out," you say, "Can you do that?"

"I don't know," she says, "Maybe."

You look into her eyes and she looks away.

"Just do it," you say.

"Okay," she replies.

You feel a little wetness on your hand as you pull it back. It's not much but it's wetness.

"It's a start," you tell her, "Try to do it again."

This time you can feel some wetness on your hand. It's definitely wet.

"Good job," you say, "Did that make it worse?"

"A little," she says, "Can I do it again? I really have to go."

You see the desperation in her eyes and nod.

She does it again and you can definitely feel it this time.

"It's working," she says, "It's getting easier. I want to do it again."

"Just let it go, if you want," you tell her, "Just pee in your pants."

She looks down and shuffles her feet. She lifts her shirt up and unbuttons and unzips her jeans. You move your hand away and step back.

"Just do it," you tell her, "You can't hold it anymore."

She looks up at you as she slowly pees in her pants. You watch as a stream of pee comes out of her. It's not a strong stream and it's not very warm, but it's definitely pee.

"Good girl," you say, "Just let it all go."

She pees in her pants for a few seconds and then stops. She pulls up her shirt and zips up her pants.

"It's done," she says.

*004*2020-07-26 00:28

I've switched to the Dragon model and started to be a bit more choosy and... Honestly, I think I'm starting to reach things that are good-ish. Like, not good as a story, but good as what you could get from a Melissa Explains It All Game. Here's another three:

###

Having just each gone to the bathroom, Amy and Kate sit down on the sofa across from you. Both look excited to start the contest.

"Okay," you say, "Just to remind you of the rules: you drink a can of beer every thirty minutes, and if I tell you you have to do something, you have to do it or you lose. Got it?"

Both girls nod. They grab cans, pop them open, and start drinking.

It's a close battle between the two friends. Kate starting off strong, but by the end of the first hour, their bladders are about even in fullness. They're also getting louder and looser as they continue to giggle.

"So girls, it's an hour in," you say, "How are you feeling?"

"I gotta pee..." Kate giggles.

"Me too..." smiles the always less inebriated Amy. "I feel like I really need to go..."

"Stand up," you order them, wanting to see if they're squirming yet.

They both stand, Kate struggling a bit due to her inebriation. You can see that Kate's legs are crossed tightly.

"Kate, you only had two beers," you say.

"Yeah, I know... It's not that..." she says, "I just really have to go."

"Amy, think you have it worse?"

"Yeah... I really need to go..." she says.

"Let's see who can wait the longest!" Kate shouts, and then they both start hopping from one foot to another.

"Kate, when's the last time you had to go this bad?" you ask.

"I don't know... It's never really happened," she admits.

"Same here... Ohhhh..."

You see a little wet spot just appear under Kate. It takes her a minute to even register what happened, but soon she's jumping up and down.

"I lost!" she giggles. "I wet myself!"

She stands there, quiet and jumpy.

"That was only a bit," you say, "Do you still have to go bad?"

She nods her head furiously, and you can see her gritting her teeth.

"I need to use the bathroom!" she yells.

She looks like she's about to explode. For someone usually so controlled, it's kind of hot. However, despite her best efforts to stop it, a constant trickle begins traveling down her white pantleg. It drips on the floor as she desperately fights to end the flow.

"I don't know if I can make it," Kate says. She looks up at you helplessly. "Can I just go in my panties?"

"Sure," you say.

A great sigh of relief follows, as Kate begins pissing herself right there in front of you. Her piss stream becomes a flood, soaking her panties and running down her legs. She puts a hand over her mouth to stifle moans of relief.

"Go get yourself cleaned up," you say and turn to Amy.

She's really struggling to control her bladder, squirming around and hopping up and down.

"You have to drink another can," you remind her, and she nods shakily.

She gulps down another can of beer, and soon she's leaping from one foot to the other, desperately trying not to wet herself.

"I feel it coming..." she whines.

You look at her waistline, and sure enough it seems to be even more swollen than before.

"Is that your bladder bulging out?" you ask and put your hand on it.

She nods, and you feel it beginning to give. She lets out a surprised yelp as her pants become soaked.

"Hold it!" you tell her. She looks up at you with desperation, and you stroke her head. "You can do it..."

She shakes her head.

"I can't..." she whimpers.

"Pleeeeease..."

You shake your head. She hops in place, desperate to find relief anyhow.

You press down on her bladder, and her legs tremble. She almost loses it several times, but somehow manages to stop herself from urinating.

She sucks air in through her teeth and stares at you, trying to find the motivation to hold anymore.

"Come on... you can do it..." you say again. "I know you can."

She begins breathing heavily, and starts jumping in place. The more she tries to hold it in, the closer she is to slipping. Still, she holds on and gets more and more desperate.

You slide your hand over her soft belly and don't say anything for a few seconds. She continues holding it in.

"Let it out," you say softly, and her eyes widen.

"... Please... don't make me..."

"Let it out."

"I can't..." she whimpers. "It'll get everywhere..."

"It's just wee. It won't kill you or anything."

She shakes her head. For several minutes, she holds it in. She struggles to not let out even a drop of the golden fluid. Still, she holds it in.

"I don't want to..." she whimpers softly, her legs trembling.

"If you don't pee now, you have to drink another can," you say.

She looks at you, shocked, and stops bouncing.

"What? That's unfair!" she cries, close to losing control.

"You agreed."

She looks up at the ceiling, concentrating. Then, she closes her eyes and takes a deep breath in... and lets go.

"Ahhh!" she gasps.

She begins to wee. It comes out in a surge, flowing down her legs and onto the floor. She whimpers, watching it land on her feet. After a few seconds, a pool forms at her feet.

"Oh no..." she whimpers, and you pat her on the back softly.

"That's enough," you say.

She nods in between her soft whimpers of desperation, and it stops. She looks down at the pee below her feet.

"I made a mess," she whimpers.

"You were very brave."

She nods again, and sniffles.

###

You are overseeing an exam and are watching the students file in. It's an undergraduate exam in sociology that will take three hours. You see people filing in with water bottles and cups of coffee, something you know they'll regret drinking later. Almost all of the students are girls, and you're looking forward to being able to watch them.

"Don't forget," you tell them, "If you have a question or need the bathroom, raise your hand and I'll come over and help you."

The clock strikes nine, so you distribute the papers and sit down to watch as the students start working on the test.

The first hour is entirely uneventful, and by the end, most girls' coffee cups are empty. You see a lot of students squirming but most of them manage to hold it in. You wonder who's going to go first.

Two hours in, a fair-skinned girl with black hair to the middle of her back suddenly clutches her abdomen and stands up. She says "excuse me" to the girl sitting beside her and runs out of the room with a mortified look on her face. Five minutes later she has not returned.

"I'm sorry," you say, "Until she's back, nobody can go to the bathroom. If you want to be put in the queue, raise your hand."

The girls all look around at each other angrily. Finally, one girl with curly blonde hair and big round eyes puts up her hand.

"Okay... You can go when she gets back," you say.

Ten minutes pass. Then twenty. Then half an hour.

"Oh god, I gotta go so bad," the blonde-haired girl says as she squirms in her seat.

You really can't let her go now. "Just hold it in," you tell her.

"But I seriously have to go!"

"So do a lot of us," several other girls point out.

You're in a difficult situation. You don't want to let her go, since it's already untested territory, but you also don't really want to shame her like this.

"We'll give her another fifteen minutes," you announce, "Who else has to go?"

Hands all around the room go up.

"That's too many," you say, "Who won't be able to hold it until the exam is over?"

Ten hands go down, but nearly half the class keeps theirs up.

"You," you ask one of the girls with her hand up, "You won't be able to hold it?"

"I won't," she nods. She's shivering now, and her lips are quivering. It looks like she's beginning to wobble.

"Why do you have to go so bad?" you ask.

"I drank too much coffee this morning."

"And you?" you ask another one.

"I drank too much soda."

"And you?"

She looks away, her cheeks turning red. "I have a weak bladder and I'm embarrassed to admit it."

"Okay, you can go," you tell the one with the weak bladder, "The rest of you: this is your own fault. Hold it."

The girl who had jumped out of her chair exits the room at a run, clutching herself. A few minutes later she returns but still looks miserable. The rest of the girls are squeezing their legs together and trying not to squirm. After a few minutes, they really can't hold it anymore.

Finally, the bell rings, saving every girl in the room.

The moment you give them permission to get up, they all get out of their chairs and begin running for the door.

You watch as first one, then another girl wobble and begin peeing her pants as she runs. Several more follow suit until nine out of the twenty have flooded their underwear. The others have made it to bathrooms before they lose control. The bathrooms are all out of toilet paper by the time theyre done cleaning themselves up.

###

You: Hi!

Tessa: Hey, how's it going?

You: I'm pretty good. It's a nice day.

Tessa: Yeah! I was just about to get lunch but I had to go pee like crazy!

You: Really? What happened?

Tessa: I had like two cups of coffee and a bottle of water before I left my house this morning and been drinkin' all mornin'. My bladder is like a little hard ball inside of me.

You: Ew. That sounds painful.

Tessa: No!

You: Did you make it to the bathroom?

Tessa: Yup!

You: Good.

Tessa: Yeah! 'Cause that's the opposite of fun.

You: You have to pee again now, though?

Tessa: Yeah. I have to go every hour or two. No matter how much or how little I pee.

You: That sucks.

You: This morning... did you make it all the way to the bathroom? Or did you leak a little?

Tessa: No. I made it! I'm more hydrated now though and I drank a lot of coffee, so I'll be going again soon.

You: Last week... you totally wet yourself, didn't you?

Tessa: Aw, man!

You: Don't worry about it. I won't tell anybody. Least of all Roxy.

Tessa: Thanks.

You: Tell me what happened, though!

Tessa: Well... I woke up and I really had to pee. My bladder must've been full all night, but I didn't realize how bad it was until I was out of bed.

Tessa: I'd slept through my alarm, so I was really rushing. I put on whatever clothes were closest and headed for the door. I was walking really fast down the sidewalk trying not toThink about how much I needed to pee. By the time I was halfway to the campus I had to stop. I didn't know if I'd make it. I crossed my legs and squeezed but it didn't even nudge my urge. I knew there was no way I could make it without stopping and that's out of the question! I crossed my legs and squeezed them together but it didn't help. The pressure was too much.

Tessa: I started walking really slowly hoping that I'd reach the bathroom in time, but I knew I needed to give my body some relief soon or... I saw that I was approaching a large bush and there was no one around.

Tessa: I really had no choice. I stuck my keys between my fingers, dropped my bag by the side of the road and squatted down behind the bush. As soon as my panties were down my bottom relaxed and out came this huge gush of pee. It felt sooo good. I leaked for a bit and then the relief was so intense it was painful.

With my bladder empty I pulled up my panties and stood up.

###

Some observations:

Dragon is better than Griffin in many ways, but it seems like some tricks that work with Griffin don't work with Dragon. This is just a guess for now, I'd need to look more carefully to be sure. In particular, I feel like Dragon makes more grammatical and spelling mistakes and more often ends up becoming incoherent. Even with Dragon, you need a liberal application of retrying lines to get the kind of thing above. I couldn't automate this process yet. 

However, my hope is that redoing is mostly necessary in the early stages, and it could be that by providing longer seeds I can get better stories. Moreover, I hope that once I got a story out of a scenario once, getting it again should be easier. The AI understands peeing in general terms: it can figure out the causal connections between drinking a lot, needing to pee, squirming around, and wetting yourself. However, it sometimes screws up on details by forgetting what people are wearing. One common mistake is incorrect direction of change: it would sometimes say "she started peeing and her panties became dry" or something along those lines. The "memories" tab is super important. If you describe the exam scenario in there, you get a normal exam. Add a line "many of the girls will need to pee" and they start squirming around. This is pretty addictive.

*006*2020-07-26 08:45

Totally! I've found that generating article-like text like a description of a fantastic being gives interesting results.

*007*2020-07-29 22:34

This one took little prompting, although for a few of the stories I had to tell the AI to try again quite a few times:

I was sitting in the park reading a book when a cute blonde in her 20s walked over to the water fountain. She was obviously walking gingerly and breathing slightly differently than normal. After getting a drink she walked over and sat at a bench about 10 feet from me. She continued to shift her weight from one side to the other and played with her hair. Finally she quietly said "I have to pee". After about a minute she got up and walked behind a tree that was about 50 feet from me. I heard the "splash" of her pee hitting the ground. She must have been really full because it was a loud pee.

Another time, I was sitting at the beach near the water when I saw a very hot young woman walk down to the shore and start playing with her phone. After a few minutes, she started to tap her foot and squirm slightly. She put down the towel she was carrying and walked towards the water. When she got about 5 feet from the water she stopped, took a very deep breath and closed her eyes. She then proceeded to wade into the water until it was about waist deep and stopped. She took a couple more very deep breaths and let out a sigh. Then she turned and looked directly at me, smiled, and then turned away.

There was also a time I was walking with my friend Amy. She had to pee really bad. We were walking along and all of a sudden she stopped. She was holding her stomach and breathing very heavily.

She whispered to me "I can't hold it anymore" and then she took off running down an alleyway. I kept walking and waited. After about a minute I heard the splashing of her pee hitting the pavement. Then I heard her let out a sigh of relief. After that I walked down the alley and found her standing there with a big grin on her face.

Amy often had to pop a squat like that. I remember one time I was at the library and she called me from across the room. When I got over to her she told me she was about to pee her pants. She told me the story of how she had to go so bad on the walk over that she actually did pee her pants a little. She got really red in the face and her eyes were watering.

I once met a woman that was constantly having accidents. It was almost like she was addicted to them. She once told me that she was once standing in a long line at the bank when she felt a sudden urge to pee. She said that she tried to hold it, but when the teller called her name she felt a sudden rush of pee going into her panties. She didn't even make it to the bathroom. She just pulled her panties aside, squatted behind a potted plant and peed on the floor.

I don't know if she was messing with me or not, but I have heard a lot of stories from her. Like the time she was at a company party and had one too many drinks. On the way home she had to pee really bad. She was walking along the sidewalk and tried to hold it. When she got to a bus stop she started to leak a little. Finally, she just couldn't hold it any longer. She turned away from the people at the bus stop and pulled down her pants. She spread her feet apart and just started to let it all out. The flood of pee was making a splashing sound as it hit the ground. When she finished she pulled up her pants and walked home without saying a word to anyone.

I once went on a trip with a woman I will call Amy. We were hiking in the woods when she suddenly stopped. She said she couldn't go another step because she needed to pee so bad. She told me she would be right back and walked into the woods. I set down my knapsack and waited. After about a minute I heard the sounds of her pee hitting the leaves. I could even smell it.

One time I saw two girls peeing together. It was a Thursday night and I was at a club called the Funky Monkey. This is a hot spot for college kids in town. Anyway, there were these two girls at the bar drinking Long Islands. They were both very pretty with long blond hair. They must have been Scandinavian or something. Anyway, they kept buying each other more and more drinks. By this time it was pretty late and they were both drunk. The music was really loud so nobody could really hear anything. They looked at each other and nodded. Then they both stood up and walked toward the bathroom. They were walking pretty funny. I saw one of them hold the door open for the other. Then I saw them lean up against the wall and let loose. They both peed together for at least a minute. Their streams hissed on the tile floor. I was fascinated. I can't wait to tell my friends about this.

One time I went on a date with a girl named Alison. We were driving around in her car looking for a place to park. She kept saying that she had to pee really bad. She was driving and I was looking out the window. All of a sudden, Alison screams, "I'm peeing!" At the same time I hear this splashing sound. I turned around and looked at her lap. She had pissed all over the inside of her car. She was staring straight ahead with a blank look on her face.

One time during an exam in university I really had to pee. I itched and scratched and bit my lip trying to hold it in, but after a few minutes I just couldn't anymore. I started to slowly piss my panties. It felt so good! When the exam was over I just went back to my dorm and changed into some clean underwear.

I love seeing a woman squirm around because she has to go so bad. I think I've seen almost all the girls in our office at one time or another pee their panties because they were desperate to go. Often, at the end of a meeting, some of the women will dash out of the room in a desperate search for a toilet. Once, I came out of a meeting to see three of the women standing around one of their friends. It seems she had gone in her panties. I saw them later in the washroom washing the smell of pee out of them.

*008*2020-07-31 22:08

Title: Peeing in Barcelona

By Jane Teller

Date: 20/07/2016

Last week I went to Barcelona with my friend Amy and IT. WAS. AMAZING!

The city was so beautiful and we had such an amazing time. We were staying at a hostel called "La Catedral" which sounds like a castle but it's actually a really nice hostel for tourists. My friends and I had never really been to a hostel before, so it was an exciting experience. It was so much fun, we really made the most of it.

One night I went out with some friends into town. There are so many beautiful streets and sights to see and then there's the beach, which is only a ten minute walk or a nice bike ride from the hostel. I never thought I'd ever get to see the beach or even go swimming in the Mediterranean sea, it was so nice and warm. It beats the North Sea in England any day!

Another day I decided to go on a tour of the city with this funny guy called 'Gib'. He was so funny and friendly, he showed us all these cool spots that only locals know about but since his english was limited, I had to do a lot of nodding and smiling and try to ask my questions in very simple terms.

Now I'm sure you're wondering about the title of this post. Well, on the second day we were there we went to a bar and had a few drinks when Amy suggested we go walk through the city. We got a bottle of sangria to share as we walked along, it tasted so good as it was nice and hot. I kept stopping to take selfies and post them to my snap-story. It was so funny, I was trying to make friends with some locals but they just kept walking and rolling their eyes.

To be honest, I think we were pretty drunk by then. We went into this really nice park and sat on a bench to take in the atmosphere. I hate to admit it but I suddenly REALLY had to pee. I knew if I didn't get to a bathroom soon I'd just end up peeing in my panties.

I told Amy and she was like "Me too!"

We looked around and saw there was absolutely no one around. We looked at each other and knew what we were going to do. We both started running to the closest tree and just made it. We peed on the tree for what felt like forever and laughing the whole time.

This was the best trip ever!

Title: Amy wet herself!

By Amy Mits

Date: Friday May 13th

I know it was silly but I just had to post about it! I went out in the city with my friend Jane to celebrate the end of college! We stayed out too late and I ended up wetting myself on our way home! I think about it makes me laugh as much as it horrified me at the time.

We were at a bar playing a drinking game and I had to use the bathroom sooo bad! I suggested going to the bathroom and my friend Jane agreed, she sounded just as desperate. We ran to the bathroom and got there just in time!

I forgot how much beer makes me pee, though, so half an hour later when we decided to head home I thought I didn't need to go again. I was so wrong...

We got to the bus stop and sat down on the bench. While I was sitting I didn't notice it, but as soon as I stood up I realised I was bursting to pee! I told my friend and she said she felt the same but not to worry, we'd be home soon.

As the bus got near I felt it leaking into my underwear and spreading down my legs... It wouldn't stop! I was so panicked I couldn't say anything. The warm stream just kept coming and coming until my butt was soaked and my panties were visible as a dark patch on my dress.

I'm going to post a picture of myself in these super soaked panties when I get home, soom!

