Bathroom Line (Mutiple POV)

Author: Storywriter_3

*000*2016-06-25 03:33

Description;

@@public bathroom, long line, 4 girls waiting

Characters;

Christa: Brown eyes, brown hair, short, slim

Anne: Blue eyes, Brown hair, Tall, slim

Gen: Blonde hair, Hazel eyes, Short, a tiny bit chubby

Sarah: Dark brown eyes, Dark brown eyes, Average height, Slim

Actual Story;

The day had been long and 4 girls, Christa, Anne, Gen, and Sarah had been hanging out, and visited many restaurants in town. They had a lot of food and drinks. No one had the courage to ask for a bathroom back though.

About 2 hours after Christa shouted, "I gotta go, anyone else?" And they all nodded. They pulled over at a local store and hopped out, they ran to the bathroom. To their surprise, the lone was huge. But they weren't desperate enough to leave, so they waited...

CHRISTA POV;

I was first infront of my group. But infront of me were about 10 other girls. I had to go pretty bad. But not THAT bad. So I was patient.

~~15 mins later~~

My urge grew worse. I was dancing moving side to side and clenching my fists. I hoped I could make it!

ANNE POV;

I was nearly dancing as soon as we got in line! I was behind Christa but I constantly asked her to go in front, the urge wasn't that bad.

~~15 mins later~~

I began to feel discomfort. I bit my lip and started dancing like Christa but more frantically. I wasn't sure I was gonna make it!

GEN POV;

I didn't have to go at all, it was a little urge, but I could wait.

~~15 mins later~~

I could feel the urge then. I was very gently dancing.

SARAH POV;

I had to go really bad! I was driving and there was so many bumps and I thought I was gonna wet myself in the car! I was behind Gen.

~~15 mins later~~

I was close to bursting I closed my legs together and Gen saw my desperation. She almost let me go infront then she said 'no'.

CHRISTA POV;

*5 mins later*

I felt a lot of discomfort. I was dancing frantically but it was still 8 girls left to go. I bit my lip.

*5 mins later*

I was dancing in a panicked way. My fists were clenched and my bladder was nearing its limits.

SARAH POV;

I don't think I was going to make it. I thought I was gonna wet myself right then and there. But a girl behind my was far more desperate. Her bladder was bulging and she was whimpering. Her friend was like that too. Her friend said they should go somewhere else but she said no. She started dancing

I could tell she was about to wet herself. She was dancing in quick steps and whimpering inna "hurry I can't hold it any longer" way. I heard a quiet "Oh no no no." And a trickle. I didn't turn around but I knew it was her. Her friend groaned and ran out the door. I saw her quickly pull down her pants but it was too late. She was peeing before she got her panties off and she squated and let the flow hiss.

*5 mins later*

Another girl just as desperate was behind me. I felt like I was bursting. I was almost sure I was gonna pee right there.

GEN POV;

I definitely felt the urge and I was getting desperate.

ANNE POV;

I was spurting out drops and tapping Christa on the shoulder. I finally let go and peed all over the floor.

CHRISTA POV;

I moaned and groaned and help my bladder. "Fuck!" I yelled as the flow turned into drops, uncontrolled squeezing spurts, then a hissing stream. My white leggings wear grey and the pee was a jet stream.

SARAH POV;

I was at desperate as the girl behind me and I was frantically dancing in fast quick steps. I began to spread my legs because I was going to let go, then I heard the girl behind me pee. She had a sigh of relief. I saw my friends pee, and I squated. I peed.

GEN POV;

I was the only one that actually made it, and i was about to go in my pants!

- THE END

