The Long Test (PEE AND POOP DESPERATION)

Author: Sly13093010

*000*2025-02-12 14:30

Prob my last school/exam desperation story for some time

The exam room was stiflingly silent except for the scratch of pens and the occasional shuffle of papers. My heart was pounding as I looked at the essay question, but it wasn’t the exam that was causing my anxiety. My bladder was screaming for relief, each passing minute ticking by like an eternity as I fought to keep control.

I writhed in my seat, my thighs clenched so tightly together that my legs began to tremble. My thin white school skirt was a weak barrier, barely concealing the tension building beneath it. I tried to focus on my answers, but my brain was distracted by the growing pressure in my abdomen.

I glanced at the clock— fifteen minutes left. My stomach tightened. I clenched my fists, one around my pen and the other still balled in my lap, subtly pressing down for support. The gesture gave me a fleeting feeling of control, but was quickly overwhelmed by another wave of urgency.

“Just hold on,” I muttered to myself, biting my lip.

By the time the invigilator called time, I could barely sit still. The instant the bell rang, I sprang to my feet, the sudden movement making me gasp. I could feel my bladder heavier than it was before, the fullness so painful it felt as if it was going to burst any second.

I grabbed my stuff and dashed towards the classroom to retrieve my bag, my actions quick and jerky. I was taking short, irregular breaths and repeating to myself, “Toilet… toilet…” My face was burning with humiliation, but I didn’t care if anyone listened.

The communal toilets were in view, and relief was so close I could almost touch it. But as I reached the door, my body betrayed me. I stopped half-step, my thighs shutting together as a spasm ripped through me. I sucked in a sharp breath, my hand flying to my belly as I leaned slightly forward.

"Not yet, not yet," I whispered to myself, urging my legs to run once again.

I burst through the door and ran into the nearest stall, slamming the door behind me. My hands wrestled with the hem of my skirt, yanking it upwards as I pulled my panties down in the same motion. The cool air on my skin was both a relief and a warning—there wasn’t a second to waste.

The moment I sat down on the toilet, my body eased up. There was a sudden hiss in the air as my pee shot out of me, a tough, forceful stream that was almost audible in the small stall. The relief was immediate, overwhelming, and utterly consuming.

“Oh my God…” I moaned, my head dropping back as the tension was drained from my body. My thighs trembled, barely able to stay still as the sheer pressure of the stream made the warm water crash against the bowl. The relief was so great that it brought tears to my eyes. The strain that had been such a heavy weight just moments prior was now a memory and in its place was a warmth and ease that radiated through me.

The stream didn't cease, a reminder every second of how long I'd been holding it in. My breaths were gentle, irregular gasps, my body still shaking as it adjusted to the release. I felt my shoulders relax, the tension melt away as the sound of my pee hitting the water began to fade.

Finally, the stream narrowed to a trickle, and I let out a long, shaky breath. “Finally,” I whispered, the word barely audible.

Next, there was a noisy burst of feet rushing into the bathroom, and someone dashed into the cubicle next to mine.

"Ugh, finally," someone muttered—alicia’s voice. I'd recognize it anywhere.

There was a desperate fumbling of fabric as alicia tugged on her clothes, a faint moan escaping her as she fought with the waistband of her skirt. "Come on, come on," she whispered, desperation weaving its way through her voice.

I heard her drop down onto the toilet seat, the sound being followed by a loud hiss as her urine exploded into the bowl. It was almost as forceful as mine had been, the stream crashing into the water in a steady torrent. But before I had time to focus on that, a loud gurgle in her stomach was followed by a groan of pain.

"Oh no," Alicia whispered to herself. Her sneakers grated on the floor as she moved on the seat, her feet tapping anxiously.

My face burned as the sounds got louder. There was a low, guttural noise from her stall—a mix of relief and strain—as she began to release the rest of what she’d been holding in. The liquid splashes now had other sounds accompanying them, more solid, as they hit the water with a firm plop.

“Ahh… finally,” Alicia groaned, the tension in her voice melting into sheer relief. “I thought I wasn’t going to make it…”

I shifted uneasily, still sitting on my own toilet as the last dribbles of my pee faded away. The sounds coming from alicia’s stall made it impossible not to wonder what she must have been going through during the test. No wonder she'd been so tense, barely raising her eyes from her paper, her legs jittering constantly.

There was a long silence, interrupted only by the faint sound of her struggling breath. Then, with a gentle sigh, she stirred again, the gurgle of additional fluid striking the bowl interrupting the quiet.

The relief in her voice was palpable as she breathed to herself, “God, that was close…” I quickly wrapped up and flushed, not wishing to intrude on her privacy. When I emerged from my stall to wash my hands, Alicia was still in hers, exhaling from time to time as the tension of the exam—and of everything else—slowly drained away.

