No Time For A Break - Page 2

Author: secretomoact

*025*2021-05-27 01:24

Scratch that, I had a lot of time today. There's a more explicit scene in this one, if you want to skip over that, the beginning and end are marked in purple.

***

The next morning, before Ethan and James left their hotel room, Ethan turned to his partner. “I was thinking… Would you like it if, while we’re out today, I didn’t go?” he asked, causing James’s eyes to widen.

“Wh—Wha’?” James stammered as he looked at Ethan in surprise.

“I relieved myself a bit ago after I woke up,” Ethan said. “Would it be nice for you if I didn’t do so again until we return here later?”

“Oh… Oh my gosh…” James stumbled over his words. “I—I didn’t think— Are you sure?”

“I’m sure that I want to try it,” Ethan said as he took James’s hand. “Relationships are all about risk and trying new things, even if you can’t predict the outcome. You’ve made me happier than anything else in the world ever has, and I’m willing to explore this further with you.”

“Really!?” James smiled, trembling all over.

“Yes, really,” Ethan said.

“Oh… Oh… Okay!” James said as he tried to regain some semblance of control over himself. “Yeah. I would like that. I really, really, really would. But, first I have to make some rules, okay? Just to make sure you stay safe.”

“Rules?” Ethan repeated nervously. “To stay safe? This isn’t dangerous, is it?”

“Not if you listen to your body,” James said. “If you start feeling pain, you have to tell me right away, and I’ll get you somewhere you can go as fast as possible. Never hold it after it starts to hurt, unless there is no other option.”

“Oh,” Ethan said. “The incident I informed you of yesterday, where I had to pee in the pet relief area? Partway through that flight, I got this weird pain in my back. Just beneath my ribcage. It hurt really bad, I’d never felt anything like it before.”

“That’s the kind of thing I’m talking about,” James said. “If you can help it, don’t hold it anymore if you feel that way. Something bad could happen to you, and I really, really don’t want that. Another thing is, since we’re doing this in a public place, if you start to think you might have an accident, let me know immediately. I don’t want us to make a mess someone else will be stuck dealing with. And, the good news is that everywhere we’re going will have public toilets close by, so I’m sure I can get you to one if you tell me I need to.”

“Okay,” Ethan felt himself going red. He was pretty confident he could hold it all day without being in danger of an accident, just so long as he didn’t drink a whole bunch. He’d be doing a lot of walking, and that would make him sweat some, too. Still, he understood James’s concern.

“And,” James added. “If you start to feel embarrassed or uncomfortable at any point, and you just want to stop, just say the word. I won’t make you keep going if you’re unhappy. This trip’s supposed to be fun, so don’t think you have to put yourself through misery just to give me some extra entertainment. In fact, I think we should have a word you can use if you want to stop. Like ‘celery’.”

“‘Celery’?” Ethan repeated.

“Uh-huh. If you want to stop, just say that, and we will.”

“Okay… Any particular reason you picked that word?”

“It’s supposed to be like code, I guess,” James said.

“Heh… Okay. Let’s do this.”

James beamed, “Oh, Ethan! Thank you for this! I love you so much! I just… I can’t believe you’re opening up enough to be willing to try this for me! Thankyouthankyouthankyou!”

Ethan grinned and hugged James, “I’m thinking it might end up being pretty fun, James.”

***

Ethan had his usual coffees with breakfast, and then they headed out to explore the city. For a long while, they were both so distracted by all the sights and activities that they didn’t think too much about Ethan’s challenge. Every so often, Ethan would get another drink from a street vendor, but his bladder was the furthest thing from his mind. Even as they ate lunch, with James excusing himself to take a leak and Ethan having a big glass of water, he didn’t feel too needy just yet. It was a hot day, he’d been sweating a lot, not much of what he drank was making it all the way to his bladder.

A little bit after lunch, when they went to view the Statue of Liberty, that was when it hit him. It started as they waited for the ferry by the water, listening to it splash and slosh in the wind. The contents of Ethan’s bladder seemed to roll alongside it and he pressed his thighs together a little, rocking on his heels as he waited.

If James hadn’t been waiting for Ethan to show some signs of need, he may have missed these things. As it was though, he picked up on them right away. There were restrooms near where they were waiting. There’d be one on the ferry, and some at the Statue as well. If Ethan didn’t want to go through with this anymore, he had options available to him that could be gotten to easily. “Feeling okay still?” James asked.

“Y—Yeah,” Ethan said. “Just… The water, I guess. It’s loud.”

“I guess it is a bit noisy,” James agreed. “Is it…” He giggled a little. “Is it making you think of something else?”

Ethan blushed, “Yeah…”

James hoped Ethan didn’t mind a little teasing. But, he did know how to get it to stop if he wanted it to. “What does it remind you of?” he asked.

Ethan’s face got redder; “You know!”

“I don’t,” James said, laughing more. “Is there something you need to do?”

“I… Um… I am feeling a bit of an urge to relieve myself…”

“Ohhh,” James said, like they hadn’t been playing that all morning. “Well, the ferry will be here soon. There will be a toilet you can use there. Unless you think you can wait longer.”

“I can wait,” Ethan said. “It’s not an emergency. Water’s just getting on my nerves a bit.”

If the water had gotten on Ethan’s nerves a little bit, the boat drove him crazy. As it sailed, the water outside seemed louder than ever, and the boat just kept rocking back and forth, dipping and bouncing along. It wasn’t nearly as intense as what the turbulence on the airplane had done, but after a few minutes of being rocked around in the noisy, splashy water, the tingling in Ethan’s bladder transformed into a pulsating need. He was to the point where, if this were a normal day, he would have begun looking for somewhere to relieve himself.

But, this wasn’t a normal day. And, he knew he could wait longer. He started tapping his foot as he stared out the window. He’d feel better on dry land, he thought. But, it was taking a while to get there. He knew there was a toilet onboard the ferry, he could use it if he wanted to. He shifted in place as he imagined standing in front of it and just letting it flow.

No, he could wait.

He noticed James watching him very, very intently. Ethan felt his body warming up, but strangely he didn’t think it was out of embarrassment. The idea that he was exciting James so much with this was making him feel all fuzzy inside.

Ethan did feel better once the ferry finally dropped them off. His bladder wasn’t being bounced around nearly as much, and he could hold still a bit better. As they went around the small island and took photos of the Statue, Ethan couldn’t help but walk with stiff legs, though. There was a small cafe there that James wanted to stop at to get some snacks. Almost against his will, Ethan’s eyes sought out the signs designating the restrooms. As soon as he saw the door for the men’s room, his bladder seemed to just loosen itself automatically and his urge to go increased to the point that he was bouncing on his heels again.

He ignored the confused pang from his bladder as he sat down at a table rather than rushing for the toilet he needed. James came to sit next to him with a plate of fries and two large sodas, one of which he placed in front of Ethan.

“Oh, I’m not…” Ethan stammered, staring at the huge cup. “I’m not thirsty…”

“It’s hot today,” James said. “And we’ve still got a lot of walking to do.”

Ethan sighed and began to take slow, careful sips from the cup. He tried not to think about where it would go. Maybe he should walk faster from now on. Maybe that would make him sweat more of it out before it could fill his bladder up any further.

They talked for a while, finished off the fries, and Ethan managed to get most of the soda into himself as well. James stood, “I gotta use the restroom before we leave, okay?” he asked.

Ethan winced, tried not to think about how James was now peeing for the second time since they’d left that morning, while he hadn’t even gone once. “Go ahead, I’ll wait here,” he said, watching James hurry off. As he sat there and waited, Ethan kept bouncing his knees uncomfortably under the table, mindful of the people around him. The urge to pee was becoming less of an urge, and more of a need.

Meanwhile, James was relieved that the line for the toilets wasn’t too long. Ethan had been right about the sound of the water being a bit grating on a person’s bladder. As he stood at a urinal and released, James could not stop thinking about how Ethan was currently dying to be in his place. As James returned to the table, he found Ethan was partially hunched over, his legs bobbing up and down.

Probably a good idea to make sure he was still alright. “Ethan?” James asked. “You okay?”

“Yes, I’m fine James,” Ethan assured, straightening up a bit painfully. The desire to writhe returned the instant he stilled his legs.

“You want to keep going?” James asked.

Ethan thought that he would much rather start going… But, he wasn’t near his limit yet. He knew he could wait at least a bit longer. Even if he didn’t make it back to the hotel like they’d planned, he could make it a little further for sure. “Yes. I’m good.”

“Okay,” James said with a smile, his worry evaporating to be replaced with delight that the show would be going on. “Let’s head back, then.”

Ethan had somehow managed to forget that he’d have to get on a boat again to get back to the city. When he remembered that teleportation did not yet exist, he cringed a little. As he and James waited for a ferry, he paced back and forth quite a bit. Both because he absolutely had to move around, and because he thought doing so would help him work up a bit of a sweat; He needed at least some of that massive soda to go somewhere other than into his bladder.

Riding the boat the second time was even harder than the first time had been. He managed to get a place to sit down, which was good. He dug his fingers into the seat, tensing his legs and crossing them together at the ankles as he stared straight ahead. Every time he got bounced, his bladder shrieked with a wild frenzy. James sat beside him and put an arm around him.

That was one thing Ethan had noticed about New York; No one seemed to care if he and James were a couple. They could hold one another’s hands, or even kiss right there on a public street, and no one gave it a moment’s notice. At home, it was different. If one of them so much as put their arm around the other’s shoulder at the movie theater, they would get dirty looks. When they went out to dinner, they pretended to be best friends, or distant relatives. But, here, it didn’t matter. No one cared. No one had a problem. They were seen just as any other couple. No one even seemed to notice they were both men.

So, when James put his arm around Ethan, Ethan was not scared to lean into the touch and allow his head to rest on James’s chest. It was comforting. Even as his bladder was jostled more and more by the rocking of the boat, he felt calmer with James holding him. He even allowed himself to relax a bit. Not too much, his lower half remained pretty tense as it restrained his flood. But inside his mind, there was far less turmoil. Far less fear about ‘I hope I can make it!’ or ‘Can people tell how bad I have to go?’ There was just peace.

But, then James did something unexpected; He reached his other hand over to give Ethan’s midsection a tiny pat. It wasn’t much, but it sent Ethan’s need into overdrive and his legs tightened together even more strongly. “Nnnnhhh…” he whimpered.

“Sorry…” James whispered. “Just… Curious,” he admitted. He lowered his voice to an even softer level, to the point Ethan wouldn’t have heard it if James’s mouth hadn’t been so close to his ear; “You have kind of a bump there…”

Ethan looked down at himself. In his abdomen, where there was usually flatness, there was now a small, raised bump; His bladder had begun to actually protrude a little bit. He was surprised yet again that he could need a toilet so badly that the round, firm shape of his bladder could be visible. But, with as much as he needed to go, he supposed it made sense.

Once they’d reached land, Ethan had a little trouble getting up and off the ferry. It was really, really hard to walk now. Not only were his legs stiff with the effort of holding everything in, he couldn’t move them very far apart. He was kind of walking pigeon-toed, and every nerve ending in his body was screaming that he needed to get himself in front of the nearest toilet right now.

But, he was pretty sure he still had room left.

“That was fun,” James said.

“Yeah,” Ethan agreed quietly as he stepped in place. From the way his feet were moving, a person would be forgiven for thinking he must have been standing on top of boiling hot coals.

“Still okay?” James asked, eyeing Ethan’s dancing. Now, James was pretty sure he wasn’t the only person in the surrounding area that could tell Ethan needed a restroom.

“Yeah, I can—ooh— I can keep waiting—!” Ethan managed. He couldn’t hold still for even a second. His bladder was absolutely bursting, and it throbbed and throbbed with each passing moment. But, he did not yet feel as urgent as he had in the airport yesterday. He knew the limit had yet to be reached. He wanted to give James the show of his lifetime, and honestly… This was giving him one Hell of an adrenaline rush. It was exciting and nerve-wracking at the same time. It was fun. It was kind of like the feeling he’d gotten the first time he went zip-lining. And, the knowledge that he could stop whenever he wanted made it less scary than it could have been. There were restrooms available, he was simply choosing not to use them until he could no longer wait. This was his decision; He still had control. He was safe.

“Alright,” James smiled. “It’s getting late, almost time for dinner. And, since I want you to actually be able to eat tonight, I think we should have dinner at the hotel. There’s a subway station not too far, we’ll ride it back, then it’s a short walk to the hotel. We’ll stop at our room to ‘get ready’, and then we’ll go eat. How’s that sound?”

Ethan was confident he could make it back to the hotel room from here. The subway moved fast, after all.

But, while the subway might have been able to move fast, Ethan’s feet sure couldn’t. He was limping along, like he’d suffered some terrible injury to his legs. When they got to the station, getting down the steps caused Ethan to lose a few spurts. His heart started pounding in his ears as he felt those small leaks trickle from his tip. He reminded himself they were heading to the hotel. He was close. He’d almost won.

James saw how much the stairs had shook Ethan up and asked him again if he was alright. “Some subway stations do have restrooms, but… I mean… Yeah, this is my first time coming here, but I’ve heard stories about what toilets are like at subway stations. Some of them have given me nightmares,” he added with a laugh.

“I can wait,” Ethan said. Then added in a hasty whisper; “It’s not that much longer, is it?”

“I think we’ll be at our stop in ten minutes,” James said. “Then, it’s just a couple blocks left to walk. Can you do it?”

“Yes,” Ethan said, trying to sound a lot more confident than he felt.

The subway did move quickly, and it wasn’t super bumpy or anything, which was good for Ethan. It was still really difficult not to start holding himself as he sat there and waited for James to tell him it was time to get off. He was starting to feel a lot like he had on the plane yesterday, his peehole trembling from the force it needed to exert to keep anything from spilling out.

They made it to their stop, and James helped Ethan stand. He spoke a little loudly, “Take my hand, dear! I’m so sorry you hurt your feet so badly today! I keep telling you you need new shoes!”

Ethan was confused for a moment, then realized that James was just trying to give an alternative explanation for anyone who noticed how strangely he walked. Ethan spoke loudly too, as he limped through the station with James. “You’re right, I really should! My feet feel like they’re gonna fall off! I have blisters that are about to burst!”

James knew that when Ethan said that, what he really meant was that something else was about to burst… “Let’s get you back to the hotel fast! I’m sure we can find something there that will make you feel a lot better!"

Going up the stairs to exit the station was harder than going down them had been. Again, a few spurts made it past his exhausted muscles, and he almost even lost his footing. The shock of that made a much longer stream gush into his boxers. He was glad James was holding his hand so tight.

Once outside, James lowered his voice to a whisper; “It’s a couple blocks now. But, there are a few stores on the way if you need them.”

Ethan nodded, but he was determined to make it. He was so close! He wasn’t about to give up with the finish line so near! The walk was excruciating though, and he jammed a hand into his pocket, straining to hold himself. He couldn’t get a good grip, but was able to kind of pin himself shut a bit. He just focused on keeping his hand clasped around James’s and on placing one foot in front of the other over and over again. He could do this. He could make it.

He exhaled as James pushed open the door to the hotel. Ethan had done it. He was home free, at last. James hurried him through the lobby and to the elevator. Before James could hit the button, Ethan already had five times.

James laughed, “In a rush for something?” he asked.

Ethan nodded frantically.

“Something you need?”

More nodding.

“Something pressing?”

Nod, nod, nod.

“What do you need?”

“To relieve myself,” Ethan said, nibbling his lip and going pink. “To… To pee.”

“Aw,” James said. “You’re so cute when you’re embarrassed. Don’t worry, we’ll get you taken care of very soon.” He squeezed Ethan’s hand tighter. “Just… You’ve done so amazingly today.”

“Nnnnh…” Ethan whimpered in response as the elevator finally opened. He dashed in, and the instant the door shut, he was taking full advantage of finally having some privacy. He let go of James’s hand so he could grip himself as tight as he possibly could. His legs wound together and his entire body doubled over as he unleashed an anguished moan that sounded more desperate and needy than anything James had ever heard.

James started to get a little worried. Ethan had seemed much less on the verge of exploding before they’d gotten in here. He knew his partner had been trying to hold back on letting it show in front of strangers, but this display now was a bit troubling. He looked like he had yesterday. When James tried to hastily get him to a urinal at the airport. When he’d been on some serious borrowed time and was barely holding on by a thread. James was concerned that just the short elevator ride may prove to be Ethan’s undoing.

Ethan was babbling to himself now, caught up in his desperation; “Oh Godddd… Have to peeeeeee… Hurry, hurry, please hurry! I have to go! Can’t wait!” He had seemingly forgotten where he even was.

James put a hand on his shoulder and rubbed, attempting to soothe him. He’d be able to go very soon. It would all be okay. He’d done so well. He’d won the game. And James had never seen anything so hot before, so he should feel proud of himself for such an amazing performance, and…

James realized that he no longer felt the elevator moving. His hand stilled on Ethan’s shoulder as ice cold water seemed to flood into his veins. He glanced to the number above the doors, but the screen that was supposed to display it was blank.

Ethan’s superstition from the previous day had come true; He was desperate to pee, and the elevator he was in had gotten stuck. James struggled to come up with how to break the news. “Uh—Um, Ethan?”

Ethan’s eyes were pinched shut as he writhed his hips into his hands, “What?” he asked, bobbing up and down.

“Um… I think we’re stuck.”

Ethan’s eyes flew open, he looked first at the blank screen above the door, then to James. “What?” He cried, voice squeaking and cracking with a mixture of panic and agony. “Nah—No. It can’t be stuck!”

“I’m sorry,” James said. “I’ll hit the—“

“James!” Ethan interrupted. “Celery! Celery!” He kept repeating the safeword over and over, rapid-fire.

James winced, his heart aching. He’d promised Ethan that if he said that word, he’d make everything stop and put him out of his desperation. But, when he’d made that promise, he’d done so with the assumption that he would be able to retain control over their surroundings enough to actually make that happen.

He couldn’t control the elevator.

“I’m sorry,” James said once more. “I can’t fix this… Just, let me hit the emergency button, so whoever’s in charge knows to get this fixed somehow.” He pressed the button. Then did so a couple more times for good measure.

Ethan shuddered and shook, struggling with all his might to calm down. He couldn’t though. This was terrible. This was the worst thing that could have possibly happened. He knew he could have made it if the elevator had worked like it should have; But, now that he was stuck for who knew how long, he didn’t know if he could anymore. He was clenching and squeezing practically every muscle he had... But still, drips were seeping out. He felt his eyes start to well up, just more liquid he couldn’t manage to retain in his body. “James— I can’t—“

James felt terrible. He’d been the one who wanted to see Ethan desperate. He’d been the one to encourage this every step of the way. This was his fault. It was his fault Ethan needed the toilet so badly. It was his fault Ethan was so upset. If Ethan had an accident, that would be his fault, too.

He did the only thing he could think of, he gathered Ethan’s desperate, teary-eyed form into his arms and held him. “I’m sorry…” He said. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry…” he just kept repeating it like it was the only thing he knew how to say anymore. “I’m sorry… This is all my fault…”

“It’s not…” Ethan whimpered into James’s neck. “I agreed to everything, I was having fun up until this happened, and you didn’t—AH!—“ Ethan gasped as a huge rush of pee soaked the front of his pants. “You didn’t break the elevator. It’s not your fault.”

James held him some more, beginning to trace soothing patterns along his partner’s back with his hands. “I’m so sorry… Does it hurt?”

“A little,” Ethan choked out. The back-pain from one of his earlier desperate experiences had returned. “I just… James, I have to go so bad. I have to go worse than yesterday. I have to go worse than the day I—OH!” Another gush began to spill, so forceful and so strong that James heard it hissing. “Worse than the day I…” He couldn’t bring himself to say the words ‘wet myself’, so terrified that it was about to happen again. “The day with the German Shepherd I told you about.”

James’s hands sped up on Ethan’s back. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry…” What was taking them so long to fix the elevator? Didn’t they understand there wasn’t much time left!? “I love you,” James said. He just wanted Ethan to feel better.

“I love you, too,” Ethan said. “Nnnnnhh… Can’t hold it!”

They were so close that James could feel how tightly Ethan’s hands were balled up against his crotch. Could feel every shake and shudder of need that ricocheted through his body. If either of them still had control of the situation, James would have found it so hot… But, there was nothing hot about it now. Ethan was crying, in a panic, and there was nothing James could do to make it okay.

James pressed his lips against Ethan’s, murmuring more apologies and ‘I love you’s into his mouth. Ethan kissed back, his whole body was so tense that he did so more forcefully than usual. They stayed that way for a minute, Ethan writhing as James rubbed his back, their lips locked together.

Then, it happened.

Hssssssssssssssss.....

Ethan took a few seconds to process the sudden stimuli that began to overtake his senses. His ears were assailed by the loudest, most intense hiss he’d ever heard. His nose picked up a strange smell. He felt the warmth around his crotch reignite with new heat and grow more sodden against him. He was overcome with equal parts relief and horror when he realized what was happening. This was not just a spurt or a leak, this was him peeing. Panicked, he bore down on his muscles as hard as he could, pressing his hands against the soaked fabric over his crotch, tightening his thighs so much they felt sore from the effort; But, none of it worked. None of it managed to impede or slow the flood even a little. He was going. It was too late.

Ashamed, he pulled back from James’s kiss. “I… I’m… Doing it now…”

James’s hands sped up against Ethan’s back, rubbing him for all he was worth. “I know…” He said softly. He could feel the warmth of Ethan’s pee dampening his own crotch, and knew that once this was over, it would look like they’d both had accidents. He didn’t pull away, though. He wasn’t embarrassed when he felt his partner’s urine begin to trickle down both their legs. He wasn’t disgusted by the smell, or the wetness. Ethan needed him. “It’s okay… It’s okay… I’ve got you.” He kissed Ethan once more for a second, and drew back when his boyfriend whimpered into his mouth. “It’s okay, you can’t help—“

“It still hurts…” Ethan said.

“It’s okay,” James repeated. “It will feel very good soon, I promise. Just… Let it out, don’t think about other things, just focus on letting go.”

Ethan moaned, first in agony, then in euphoria. The pain inside him ebbed away to be replaced with the relief he’d been craving for so long. “Mmmm…” His bladder was still spasming and clenching, jolting hard out of his control. Urine was gushing all down his leg, spurting out the bottom of his pants to coat his shoe and the flooring at his feet. The torrent wasn’t dying down in the least. “There’s so much… I’m sorry…”

“I know, it was too much,” James said, kissing him once more. “Don’t be sorry, you can’t help this. I love you.”

In spite of how desperate he’d been, Ethan could hardly believe how much had been in there. It just kept coming and coming, and he couldn’t stop it even if someone offered him a million dollars. He sank more into James as his knees weakened and buckled under him. Such a relief. Such an amazing, wonderful relief. Despite the less than ideal circumstances of the release, it felt good.

It felt good to just let go. He was letting go not just physically, but mentally as well; he didn’t worry about restraining himself or about keeping control. He’d never allowed himself to do either of those things before. He’d always been wound up so tight, always holding back, never letting himself just feel or do things. His body was unclenching, which felt amazing, but the loosening of all the self-restraint and knots inside his brain felt downright sublime.

It felt good to have James here, kissing him and holding him, and just telling him it was okay that this had happened; That he couldn’t have helped it, that he didn’t need to fight to control the things that he couldn’t. It was okay. What was happening was okay.

He shut his eyes as he continued gushing, even allowing himself to moan once more. The moan was low and filled with pleasure, and James heard it right in his ear, along with the feeling of Ethan’s warm, relieved breath. He rubbed his back faster. “That’s it… That’s good… You’re okay. You’re all better now.”

When James felt Ethan begin to shudder, he knew he was almost finished. He hoped that, once the feelings of relief faded, Ethan did not end up being too embarrassed or upset about what had happened.

Ethan finally felt the last spurts leave his body. He was empty at last. But, he made no move to leave James’s embrace, only rested himself more solidly against him with a huge sigh. He felt like he was floating.

James continued to rub soothing patterns into his partner’s back for a few seconds. “All done?” he asked. “Better?”

“Better…” Ethan said.

James just kept holding him. “You okay?”

Ethan finally parted a bit from James. “You know what? I think I am. That’s certainly not something I wanted to have happen, but… It’s okay that it did. I am feeling… relieved. I’ll feel a lot more relieved after we get out of here and I can have a shower, but that… Wasn’t as bad as it could have been. Thanks to you.”

James giggled, smiling at Ethan; “I’m glad you’re alright. I’m really sorry it had to end like this, I didn’t mean for it to.”

“It’s okay, you couldn’t have controlled this any more than I could have controlled my… body. But, that’s alright. Sometimes, things can’t be controlled, even if we really want them to be.”

“That’s… I’m very glad to hear you, of all people, say that,” James said. “It’s real important for you to learn to let go sometimes, and I’m glad it sounds like you’re finally learning how to.”

“Thank you,” Ethan said. “Think the hotel will be mad about…” And now, the embarrassment finally showed itself as he gestured to the puddle left on the linoleum floor.

“They really shouldn’t be,” James said. “‘Cause, they’re the ones that are taking so long to get the elevator moving again, aren’t they?”

“But, it’s still mostly our fault, right? I only had to go that much because we were—“

“There are a million reasons someone could have been desperate to go on the way back to their room, just because we’d been playing around, that doesn’t make it any better that they take this long to fix an issue. The most they might do is have us help clean it up, and maybe have us pay for the supplies they use for that.”

Ethan hoped James was right. And that the elevator finally moved again soon. His clothes were cooling down fast, and now the wet, sticky material was starting to feel very uncomfortable.

But, the elevator didn't move. At least two more hours passed with nothing. By the time it started to move again— a sudden jolt that startled the both of them— Ethan was starting to need to go again, and James had begun to get very squirmy as well. James exhaled a breath of relief when the elevator at last began to function once more. Truth be told, he’d been considering letting go in his pants for the past half hour; They were already damp from when Ethan had lost it, after all, so it wouldn’t really matter. But, he didn’t want to make a bigger mess of the floor if he could help it.

Somebody was waiting for them on their floor when the doors finally dinged open. Ethan felt himself going red as she very quickly and obviously noticed how wet they both were. Ethan wanted to do many things in that moment; He wanted to chew her out for the repair taking so long that he’d had an accident. He wanted to run into his room and never, ever come out again. He wanted to shield himself and pretend he was wet with something other than urine and hope against hope that she’d believe him. But, he could do none of those things. He was so exhausted from the day, from all the holding, from losing control, that he couldn’t do anything.

James did, though. It was incredibly rare for Ethan’s happy go-lucky partner to show any signs of anger, but he did then. James didn’t show anger through yelling like most people, he just spoke in a very terse manner and adopted a serious tone he seldom ever used; “What took so long.” He didn’t place any inflections on his words, it wasn’t a question, it was a demand.

“We’re very sorry,” the woman said. “It took a long time to get someone in that could handle—“

“Well, it was too long,” James said. “My…” He looked at Ethan’s red, humiliated face. “I was in a huge rush to get up to my room, and you took so long to fix the elevator, I actually had an accident. I’m a grown man, I shouldn’t be placed into a situation where that can happen. My partner tried everything to comfort me, and I’m grateful for that, if a little embarrassed I managed to get him a bit wet, too.”

Some of Ethan’s embarrassment flooded from his body as quickly as his urine had. James was so selfless it was enough to make Ethan’s heart swell and flutter. “And we’re very, very sorry for the mess in the elevator.”

“We’re very sorry,” the woman repeated again. “I understand, the time it took was… unacceptable. You will not be charged for any cleaning, and I’m afraid the best we can offer you is a free meal in our restaurant.”

James took a deep breath to calm himself down. Not being charged for the incident did make up for it quite a bit. “Thank you,” he said. His bladder gave a few warning throbs, telling him to hurry up and get to their room. “Come on, Ethan. I’m sure you want a shower as badly as I do.”

Ethan followed James into their room and stammered out; “I… I… Thank you. You really didn’t have to do that.”

“No problem,” James said. “I’ve had accidents a few times in public, it’s… Honestly not so embarrassing for me to admit to them. I guess I’m used to it. More used to it than you’d be anyway.”

Ethan unzipped and began to take off his sodden pants. “I have to go again,” he informed. “Must be that thing you told me about yesterday, about my muscles getting tired out.”

“Yeah, I’m seriously ready to burst, too,” James said. He smiled. “Was starting to think about just peeing myself in the elevator, since I was already wet and all.”

Ethan blushed and looked away, “Sorry…”

“Don’t be,” James said. “I don’t mind. You wanna shower together?”

Ethan, whom had been pulling his soaked boxers down, paused. They’d never done that before… “Um… Sure,” he said. “Sounds fun. But, first I really do need to—“

“Oh, we can do that together, too!” James said, getting excited.

Ethan looked into the small hotel bathroom. “Is there enough space for both of us to—“

“Yeah, I’m sure there is,” James said, starting to take off his own damp clothing.

It felt strange to Ethan at first, to stand naked beside James as they both peed. But, it felt weird in a good way. Intimate. Especially when James started moaning. Ethan glanced down towards James’s midsection for a second. Of course, Ethan always enjoyed the sight of James’s cock, but there was something exciting about seeing it spray like that.

“Heh, wow, you really were getting desperate in there, weren’t you?” Ethan asked. “That’s a lot.”

“And it sounds like you’re getting pretty interested in this,” James said.

“Well… Well, I—“

“I’m glad,” James interrupted.

Ethan finished first. Even if he’d felt desperate, that was only because his sore muscles were unwilling to hold much. James gushed for about ten more seconds. “Ahhhhh, all done!” He said. “Now, I believe we’d agreed to shower together, didn’t we?”

Ethan had been dying for a shower from the instant his sodden, clammy clothing had begun to cling to his body, so he already knew it was going to feel great. Even so, James found ways to make the shower even more enjoyable.

Steam fogged the bathroom, erasing the rest of the world. Water hissed against their bodies, gushing almost as powerfully as Ethan’s accident had. They wrapped their arms around one another’s backs, lips meeting before James pinned one of Ethan’s hands against the wall. James pulled back for a second, “May I touch you?”

“Yes,” Ethan breathed.

James’s lips returned to Ethan’s, one of his own hands reached low between them, gently grasping Ethan’s cock; Water trickled down his fingers, making the touch even softer against Ethan’s sensitive flesh.

Ethan closed his eyes and moaned into James’s mouth. Something about all the prolonged holding, about the loss of control, had rendered Ethan’s body totally raw and more susceptible to stimulation than ever. His hips arched off the wall as his cock sprang to life in James’s hand.

James grinned, his smile doing nothing to stem the heat and urgency pulsating in Ethan’s groin. He wanted James to give him more. He needed James to give him more. At last, James’s hand began to move, cupping Ethan’s balls and massaging with his palm, before returning to pump his dick.

Ethan dipped his head backward against the wall, moaning for all he was worth as James stroked down his length, applying gentle touches to the head of his dick, a fingertip cascading slowly back down the ridge along the underside of his member. “Ohhhhh….” Ethan cried.

“You like that?” James asked.

“Mmmmm…”

Ethan whimpered as James stopped stroking him, he needed him to keep going, he needed more. So much more. But, James was kneeling down, his hands gripping onto Ethan’s hips, kissing a path down Ethan’s stomach, and the patch of hair resting above his cock that was dotted with wayward drops of water from the shower.

Still holding Ethan’s hips, James tilted his head to give a kiss to the head of his dick. He slipped his tongue out gently to nudge it against his tip. Ethan groaned, the pleasure causing him to shudder. James dragged his lips down the length of Ethan’s cock, flitting his tongue against him quickly.

“James…” Ethan gasped.

Ethan clenched his hands into fists, shivering and shuddering as the endorphins flooded into his veins. He gave a loud, throaty moan, James’s tongue again brushing so, so gently against his tip— He was just so sensitive there! “Ah—“ Ethan gasped out, arching his back and clutching onto James’s shoulders. He writhed helplessly against the wall, as much as he could without moving away from James’s incredible tongue.

James took Ethan’s member into his mouth, closed his lips around the head, looking up to see Ethan’s face overcome with needful lust and ecstasy. James took him in deeper. Then, deeper still. Ethan melted at the feeling of James tightly sucking on him, he threw his head backward with a cry because, God, it just felt so good.

He didn’t last long, his whole body had been so sensitive to start with, and James was so incredibly skilled, that Ethan just couldn’t last very long. “Ah—James! I’m about to—“ But, James only went faster, the pleasure building and building until it became overwhelming. Ethan choked on his own breath and bucked his hips as he came hard. The ecstasy pulsed through him and made his ears ring.

“I… Sorry, sorry,” Ethan said. “I didn’t mean to—“

It was a lot, James swallowed what he could, the rest dribbling down his chin.

Ethan’s eyes widened, “You… Really?”

“I’ve always wanted to try that,” James blurted out. “Was that okay to do?”

“It was!” Ethan assured quickly, looking almost flattered. “I just… I thought you’d find it gross.”

Overcome by a surge of confidence, James stood back up, “Not at all. You taste amazing,” he informed.

Ethan reddened, “Heh… Thanks… You’re the best.”

“No way, you are,” James corrected. “You did so much for me today, and even when it went wrong, you just kept rolling with the punches. You have no idea how happy it makes me that you’re so comfortable and open with me!”

“It makes me happy too, James,” Ethan said while stroking James’s back. “Even if it didn’t end completely how I’d wanted it to, I’m glad I gave all this a try. Just, next time we play one of these bladder-holding games, we should probably do it at home so nothing can go wrong, alright?”

James kind of just gaped at Ethan for a second. He’d been positive after how badly Ethan’s holding challenge had ended, that he would never sign himself up for another one. “You… Actually want there to be a ‘next time’?”

“Yes, as I told you, I had been having a lot of fun until things got out of control,” Ethan said. “But, that won’t be a problem at home, so I won’t be averse to doing it again. Heh, especially if you’re going to reward like that again afterwards.”

“Oh, I will! And I’m glad you had fun, too!”

“I did, but there was one thing I didn’t like at all…”

“What?” James asked, worry rising up in his chest.

“You made me come just now, but you haven’t yet.”

“Ohh!” James said jovially. “Well, did you want to return the favor?”

“Definitely,” Ethan said. “I need you in bed as soon as possible.”

“Heheh, yes sir!”

$$

*027*2021-05-31 19:00

The rest of the trip was fun. They’d gotten a free meal at the hotel as promised, which was nice. Ethan found himself needing a pee break pretty often, though. He’d definitely worn himself out holding past his limit like that. Each time he had to go, it hit him a bit suddenly and he didn’t have much time to let it out before it became an emergency. But, there were restrooms he could use everywhere, and he never ended up having to wait too long.

James, on the other hand, ended up getting pretty desperate a few times. He was just having so much fun that he kept failing to notice he needed to go until it was practically coming out of him. He’d have to rush for the nearest restroom and just hope there wasn’t a line.

Once, there was a line, though. A pretty long one, too. Ethan and James had just finished seeing a play and when James stood from his seat he realized that he was about to burst. He couldn’t believe he’d sat there through the whole show without noticing he had to go that badly! Ethan told James he needed to use the restroom before they left and James nodded frantically, saying he needed to go really, really bad!

Ethan chuckled at that. “You need to work on listening to your body more,” he said. Although, maybe he shouldn’t scold James; He was the one that had an accident in an elevator, after all…

Ethan followed an eager James out of the theater and towards the men’s room. James came to a dead stop when he saw how long the line was. He wished he could just push past everyone and get to the toilet he needed so much!

Ethan was dismayed by the line a bit as well. His sore bladder didn’t like being made to wait. He was sure he could make it through the line, just that it wouldn’t be very comfortable. He wasn’t nearly as sure that James could, however.

James was perhaps the least shy person Ethan had ever met, but still Ethan was always surprised by how open James could be about certain things most people would want to keep private. James didn’t seem to care if people could tell from ten miles away that his bladder was close to breaking itself wide open. He did nothing to conceal the urgency of his need. He was outright holding himself in line where anyone could see him.

This was not the first time Ethan had seen James perform a pee-dance in a public location. Ethan no longer felt too embarrassed to be seen with James when he behaved this way. He understood James’s bladder was small and weak, that trying to contain it without the aid of his hands got to be just impossible fast. And… Well, it was cute. Ethan tried very hard not to think of it that way, but it just was. If Ethan tried to convince himself that James’s crossed legs, pink face and trembling, clutching hands didn’t result in an absolutely lovable image, it would be like trying to convince himself that the sky was green.

Beyond the precious nature of James’s writhing making Ethan’s chest feel warm, all of James’s pained, pleading whimpering sounds also had an affect. They made Ethan’s heart ache with the all-consuming desire to help him. That look on James’s face, his teary-eyes and scrunched up lips; It did more than just tug on Ethan’s heartstrings, it yanked. He wanted to outright carry James to the toilet, lower his zip for him and aim his cock as he gushed, whispering into his ear;

“Oh, you poor thing! You had to go so badly! Just let it out, I’ve got you. It’s all okay now.”

But, the line was still in the way. They’d moved up a little already, but not enough. Ethan noticed people were starting to stare at James; It wasn’t often that someone his age danced around like that. There were whispers from people outside the line, and odd looks from the people both ahead of and behind them. That made a different sort of heat brew itself in Ethan’s chest. James couldn’t help it! He just had to go! It wasn’t a big deal! He wanted to yell at everyone to stop looking, James did not deserve their judgement for something he couldn’t help.

Ethan tried his best to shield James, and his breath hitched when he noticed James double over on himself. Ethan could remember other times when he’d been stuck in long lines for restrooms when he’d needed to go a lot worse than he did now. The sound of other people’s streams hitting the urinals and toilets always drove him mad, his urethra would sting and burn as others got the relief Ethan so badly wanted for himself. Hell, sometimes even if he couldn’t hear the trickling gushes from the men who’d been blessed enough to reach the toilets before him, being in line would still get to him. Just the mere knowledge that someone else was occupying the space he’d give anything to be in would cause his quivering bladder to issue thin jets of pee down his legs.

Once they actually got into the restroom, Ethan knew there’d still be a little more waiting before something opened up. He could scarcely imagine what all the noises and visuals would end up doing to James in his state. It already looked like he was barely hanging on by the skin of his teeth. Having to listen to other people pee was very likely to be his undoing.

James needed his help.

Ethan tapped the guy in front of them, “Uh, excuse me,” he said. “Do you mind if my friend and I cut ahead? Um… He is… Having an allergic reaction and really has to go.” Ethan had no idea if that explanation made any sense, he didn’t know if having an allergic reaction could make you have to pee really badly or not. He’d never heard of that happening, it was just the first thing he’d thought of that sounded like an ‘understandable’ reason an adult wouldn’t be able to hold it through a long line.

The guy looked confused, so Ethan figured that probably wasn’t a real thing. “Oh, no… I mean it’s… Overactive Bladder, yeah. That’s what he has. It’s a medical problem, he can’t help it. And yeah, something he drank really exacerbated it… He… Uh… He accidentally got some regular coffee instead of decaf, and it just went all right through him, so could we go ahead of you?” Ethan realized he was rambling. He also realized that going into so much detail was probably just more embarrassing for James than simply saying the truth “He waited too long, it’s an emergency”, would have been. But, it was too late to go back now.

The guy was still giving him an odd look, but shrugged. “Okay, go ahead.”

Ethan tugged his desperate partner further, eliciting a surprised yelp. James had not enjoyed that sudden jolt one little bit. He’d been so lost in his desperation that he hadn’t realized Ethan was just trying to get him to the front of the line quicker. All he knew was that Ethan had grabbed him out of nowhere and forced him forward without warning. James felt a hot rush of pee spurt into his boxers at the momentum, and was about to ask Ethan what all that was for when Ethan started talking to the next person in line. “He’s got Overactive Bladder, I’m really sorry about this. Can we go ahead of you?”

James understood now. Ethan wasn’t trying to be cruel, wasn’t trying to jostle his poor bladder and make him leak, he was trying to help. That person let them skip, as did the next several. Once they’d gotten far enough ahead that they were actually inside the restroom, James gave himself the tightest squeeze he could manage. He clutched so tightly to his leaking cock that it actually hurt, and it still wasn’t enough to make the dribbles stop. He could feel the damp fabric of his pants between his curled fingers. He could feel the urgent, painful pounding in his poor bladder. He could feel his exhausted muscles pleading for a break. But, that wasn’t as bad as what he could see and hear; Every urinal was taken, every stall was closed, and there was an absolute cacophony of liquid; Sinks spraying, streams gushing against porcelain, trickling into water, toilets flushing, and immediately being taken by the eager person at the front of the line.

James whimpered, digging his palms into his crotch. He wished he could try to share a urinal with someone, just go up and beg them to move over a little so he could go too! James would be willing to do that for a desperate person, even if he’d never met them before. But, the odds of anyone else being both generous and, more importantly, comfortable enough to allow that were slim.

He forced himself not to look at the crowded urinals, and the backs of the men that were blissfully releasing their floods. Ethan was able to help him skip a few more spaces in line, but then someone refused. “That’s ridiculous, I’ve been waiting here for half an hour.”

James saw the irritation flash across Ethan’s face. “I understand, but he has a medical issue, it’s not—“

“I don’t care what he has,” the man interrupted. “He can wait his turn like everyone else.”

Ethan fought down his base-instinct to argue the point further. There were only five people ahead of them now, hopefully James could handle that. But, at all the watery noises and visible toilets, Ethan’s bladder had begun to throb more desperately as well. He hadn’t been bursting before like James had been, and could only imagine how difficult this was for him. He turned to James, “It’s just a few more people,” he said. “You’ll be alright.”

James just whimpered, skipping in place, his hands so tight on his dick that his knuckles were whitening.

The line was moving, at least. Only four more people now.

Ethan tapped his foot anxiously. His own bladder was starting to get really fed up with waiting, and James’s dancing was sending tremors of anxiety through his heart.

Three more people.

James felt a long, warm trickle begin to slide down his leg. This was horrifying enough, but it was immediately followed up by two more that were even longer. Then another. And another. Then, it wasn’t just a trickle anymore. He was peeing.

Two more people.

Ethan heard James begin whimpering even louder, he turned and saw the dark line trailing down the leg of his pants. Panicked, Ethan tapped the guy in front of them again, “Sir, I’m sorry. But, please could you let us—“

“No,” the man interrupted. “God, stop bothering me.”

Ethan shrank back. The man was huge, and getting angry. Ethan didn’t want to provoke him further, and doing so obviously wasn’t going to get James to a urinal any faster. Instead, Ethan just gripped James’s arm and held onto him. In his mind, he was pleading for time to speed up. Please, please, don’t let James have an accident here. He’s so close.

One more person.

“I can’t hold it,” James told Ethan. “I can’t stop going.”

Ethan tightened his grip on James’s arm. He was already imagining James wetting himself right there in the restroom. Ethan was imagining himself somehow gaining the strength of ten men and decking the guy who had refused to let them cut and had caused it to happen. More realistically, Ethan pictured himself letting go as soon as James had finished, soaking his pants for the second time that week just to make James feel better. God… I’m seriously considering wetting my pants on purpose? And in public? The idea made him blush, but making James feel better was more important than maintaining his image in front of a bunch of people he’d never see again. Keeping James happy was more important than anything else in the world.

Ethan inhaled and began willing his muscles to cede and relax. It wasn’t easy to do. After spending his whole life only telling himself to pee when his clothes weren’t in the way of the stream, flipping the script all of the sudden made it hard to break the programming. Finally, he felt it, a little dribble beginning to snake its way down his length and pool into his boxers. He couldn’t believe he was doing this…

The guy who hadn’t let them cut stepped out of line and got to a urinal. Finally… “You’re next, James,” Ethan said. “Just a few more seconds.” He tried to clamp off his flow now, it looked like James had a much better chance of making it after all. But, now that Ethan had let go, he couldn’t stop. Those muscles weren’t used to tightening back up unless his bladder had drained all the way. To his horror, he found that he couldn’t make himself stop peeing.

James was already trying to unbutton himself. His hands were trembling so bad he could hardly manage it, but finally he did. Letting go of his dick to manage his button had hurt, had made him pee even more into his pants. His zipper came down next, and James winced at how slick and wet the area surrounding it was.

Someone stepped away from one of the urinals, and James was rushing for it before they’d made it two steps. James felt himself peeing more and more each time one of his feet made contact with the floor, but that didn’t matter anymore. All that mattered was getting as much of his bladder’s contents into an appropriate receptacle as he could. He got his cock out as soon as he was sure he was close enough to the urinal that he wouldn’t expose himself to anyone. The spray of liquid that assailed the porcelain in the millisecond that immediately followed was nearly as loud as the sinks, and strong enough to peel paint. Not caring in the least that the room was crowded, James released a moan that echoed off the walls. “Ahhhhhhhhh….”

A second later, Ethan was at the urinal beside him, peeing a thick stream and breathing heavily. The hand he wasn’t using to aim his dick was patting down the cloth of his pants between his thighs, trying to gauge how wet he’d managed to get them. Trying to pee himself to cheer James up, before he knew for sure if James would actually have an accident or not, had maybe not been the best idea. There was an alarming amount of dampness between his legs, and the fact that some of it had been on purpose— That he’d done that on purpose in public— made him feel even more sheepish. He relaxed quite a bit now that his pee was flowing into the right place, but the wet fabric clinging to his legs tampered his relief a bit.

They finished up at about the same time, Ethan was surprised James had successfully held that much, but was certain he wasn’t very dry. He’d worn dark clothes at least, so whatever had made it to his pants wasn’t visible.

Once they’d left the building, Ethan asked James if he was alright. James admitted that he’d been peeing pretty steadily from the second they were in the restroom, and he wanted to get back and change. Ethan noticed that one of James’s shoes was stained and hoped the floor where he’d been standing was okay. “Yeah,” Ethan agreed. “I want to change, too.”

“You didn’t quite make it either?” James asked. “It didn’t look like you were that desperate, are you okay? You didn’t hurt yourself the other day, did y—“

“No, I…” Ethan hesitated. “When it looked like you weren’t going to make it, I kind of tried to—“

“You were going to have an accident so I’d feel less alone?”

“Yeah,” Ethan said. “Then, after it turned out you did make it, I couldn’t make myself stop.” He smiled nervously.

“Aw, that’s really cute,” James said. “Yeah, it’s really, really hard to stop midstream like that. I try to do it sometimes for fun, though. Trying to hold it for a second after I’ve already told myself to start peeing makes me feel so desperate! And, sometimes I can start and stop a whole bunch of times, it’s really challenging, but it’s super fun, too—“

“James…”

“Right, right. Maybe I shouldn’t talk about that outside. But, I just— You were really willing to do that for me? To embarrass yourself in public just to make me feel better?”

“Of course I would,” Ethan said. “I’d do anything for you. I love you.”

*028*2021-06-06 17:17

When it was time to go home, Ethan was nervous. He didn’t like to believe in superstitions, he knew they were illogical, but he had such a bad track record with airplanes that he felt that something was sure to go wrong. His bladder was still sore from his accident during the trip, so he imagined himself once more enduring an entire flight while having to restrain a bursting bladder.

As they waited for their flight, Ethan kept watch of the time. He would not allow himself to get distracted like he had the last time. He would make extra sure that he had one more pee before it was time to board. About ten minutes before they were due to board, Ethan stood from his seat and headed to where he knew the nearest restroom was located. He knew, this way, he would be much more unlikely to get desperate on the flight. He smiled to himself, he was thinking ahead, taking necessary preventative measures, and nothing could go wr—

The men’s room was closed for cleaning.

Ethan felt his left eyelid twitch spasmodically.

Okay.

Okay then.

He knocked on the door, a cleaning lady came to it, “Sorry, sir,” she said briskly. “It’s gonna be a while.”

Ethan sighed. Once she’d shut the door again he turned to the door for the women’s room. His need wasn’t an emergency by any stretch of the imagination, but he really wanted to get it out before he set foot onto one of those stupid, flying tin cans again. Still, he didn’t want to freak anyone out. He knocked on the door, “Uh~m…” He called awkwardly. “Anybody in there?”

There was no answer, so maybe it was empty? Or, had his obviously male voice simply not invited any responses? He knew he was overthinking it, it wasn’t a big deal, but he kept imagining himself getting decked by the TSA the instant he went in there, and everyone in the surrounding area watching. Then, being hauled off somewhere to explain that he wasn't a pervert and had just needed to use the restroom, causing him and James to miss the flight. He imagined pleading with an interrogator for a toilet break before ultimately wetting himself. That might be an unlikely sequence of events, but it was the sort of thing that happened to Ethan whenever he got within thirty yards of a plane.

He crossed the women’s room from his list of possibilities.

There was another of those pet relief area things here…

No. Not again. Never again.

Surely there was another men’s room he could get to before he had to board. He walked through the airport a little nervously, seeing no signs designating another restroom was close by. He stopped someone to ask, but they only pointed him in the direction of the one he’d just been at and had been unable to use.

Ethan checked his watch after a few more minutes and realized he had to head back. James smiled at him as he sat back down to wait. “No problems this time, right?”

Ethan tried to smile, but it came out as more of a grimace; “The men’s room is being cleaned at the moment,” he stated.

“Oh…” James said. “Maybe this flight won’t be so bumpy, you’ll have more chances to go.”

“I’m going the minute I’m allowed,” Ethan said. “I’m not going through that again.”

Soon, they were on the flight. Soon, the seatbelt lights turned off. Soon, Ethan stood and quickly walked to the toilet. He was moving perhaps a little too fast. With as narrow as the aisle was, it wasn’t like anyone could cut in front of him unless they literally shoved him over to do it. Ethan was on a plane though, so he wouldn’t even be too shocked if someone actually did that. Nervously, he grasped the handle and turned it, fully expecting it to malfunction as it had during one of his past miserable flights.

It opened. He could step right inside and do what he needed to do. He exhaled. Thank goodness. As he entered, he felt a little silly for getting all worked up. Yes, he’d had bad luck on flights before, but luck was just an imaginary concept, it wasn’t real, everything was up to chance. Superstitions were illogical, yet there he was acting like planes were cursed. He gripped his zip and tugged.

But, it didn’t move.

Oh, for the love of—

He yanked harder, but his zipper just wouldn’t budge! Ethan groaned, shimmying his hips. Now that he was in front of a toilet, his bladder was very eager to get the show on the road. It didn’t understand what the hold up was. Ethan stopped fighting with his zipper, his hands moving up to the waistband of his pants instead. He’d just tug them down with the zip still up. He took the button out so it would hopefully be a little easier to do that.

But, he’d worn his skinny jeans. This was not going to be easy. As he tried to yank them down they got a little stuck on his hips, in such a way that they compressed the living daylights out of his poor bladder. His knees knocked together and his thighs squeezed against one another as a thin dribble of urine soaked into his clothing. “Ah…No. Come on!” He whined to himself, continuing to fight with his tight pants.

Several seconds of tugging later, several more trickles of urine had escaped his tip, but his pants were down enough that he could go. He was already so close to the toilet that he just needed to aim his member up slightly and was finally free to let it flow. Phew! That had started to cut a little close there… He sighed through his nose as his bladder deflated and contracted back to its proper size. “Mmmm…” He smiled a little, enjoying the amazing gush of relief, not just from emptying his bladder, but from defeating his arch-nemesis; Aircrafts. He wasn’t gonna be humiliated this time! Take that, planes!

His stream tapered off and he gave himself a few shakes. So much better! Now, he didn’t have to get through the rest of the flight feeling like he was gonna explode. Nothing could go wrong now! He was on top of the world!

He reached to yank his pants back up. Over the next several seconds, he discovered that pulling them back up was going to be a lot more difficult than taking them down had been. As he fought with them, a sudden pulse of turbulence overtook the plane and he lost his footing a bit. He gave a yelp of surprise, then blushed, hoping no one had heard it.

Maybe now that he didn’t have to go, he’d have better luck getting the zipper to cooperate. His hands weren’t shaking quite so badly anymore, after all. He tried once more to lower his zip, but that thing was seriously jammed up. It felt like trying to unstick a piece of duct tape from a metal rod. And, the angle he was working with wasn’t helping. He couldn’t get a good view. It was relatively easy to take his pants off the rest of the way.

He closed the lid of the toilet and sat down as he tried to figure out how to fix the zipper. When he realized that the issue was that a bunch of the surrounding fabric had gotten caught in the teeth, he set about trying to free the snags… And was overcome with a bit of panic when he realized that the fabric was really in there. He needed something narrower than his fingers to push in there, like a pen tip or the file on a pair of nail clippers… Neither of which he had with him. And he was pretty sure airports considered that second thing a ‘weapon’. So, one more thing to hate planes for.

Now what? He couldn’t go back to his seat in just his boxers! He felt his heart pounding as he imagined the reactions he’d get. But, he couldn’t get his pants back on unless he could get that stupid zipper to come apart! He fought to come up with a solution through his panic.

James. Yes. James might have an idea.

Ethan turned his pants over and retrieved his phone from the back pocket. He intended to send James a text, but couldn’t get through.

Shit!

Okay. New plan. Ethan was just going to live in here forever.

Or, well, not forever. Just until they landed. Then, he’d stay in here and wait for James to get him some pants from the airport gift shop. Yeah. That was a better idea. That would work.

There was another patch of turbulence and Ethan found himself bracing his hands against the walls of the small room. He was glad he’d at least been able to pee, because if he hadn’t that jolt would have caused quite a flood. He hoped he didn’t get jostled like that again in here. And he hoped no one knocked on the door and told him to go back to his seat.

He settled in for a long wait.

***

James was really concerned. What was taking Ethan so long? He’d been in there the whole flight! Had he not made it in time? James hadn’t thought he looked too ready to pop before he’d gotten up… What if it was worse than that? Like, he hit his head or something? Not only was James scared something bad had happened, he was also starting to really need to trade places with Ethan. His bladder had been throbbing since they’d taken off, but he’d decided to still let Ethan go first since he’d been waiting longer and was so nervous about flying. Now though, James was regretting this. If he’d known his partner was gonna take so long, he would have begged to go first.

James crossed his legs, scissoring them against one another before giving his crotch a nice, long squeeze. Some of the edge was taken off of his need then, but his worry only grew. He stood up and made his way down the aisle. He knocked on the door to the toilet. “Ethan?” He called. “Are you still in there?” It was a dumb question. Where else would he be?

“Yes,” Ethan answered shortly.

James exhaled. He’d been scared Ethan had knocked himself out in there somehow. “Okay… Um, how much longer are you going to be? I really gotta go. Like, bad.”

Ethan felt a pang go through his chest. He hadn’t thought that part of his plan through; The fact others would need to use the toilet during the flight. He couldn’t exactly take up permanent residence in there when other people had to go. Especially not if James was the one who had to go. His heart ached, James was uncomfortable and it was his fault! He lowered his voice; “My… My zipper’s stuck.”

“Oh,” James said. Poor Ethan! He’d still been holding it all this time? “I know it will be cramped, but if you let me in I’ll try to help. Can you keep it in a few more minutes?”

“No—“ Ethan cut himself off. “I mean— I already went. I just pulled my pants down a bit.”

“Then what’s the problem?”

Ethan lowered his voice even further, to the point that even if James had ears the size of an elephant’s he wouldn’t have been able to hear him.

“What?”

“I… Can’t get my pants back on, now.”

“Pfft…” James snickered. He didn’t mean to, but the image of Ethan hiding out in there in just his boxers, all red-faced and nervous, was just so cute. “Heheh!” James’s laughter was cut to an abrupt stop as it sent a sudden shock through his bladder, making the walls crumble in on themselves like a poorly maintained building. A long hissing spurt of pee shot out of his tip. He decided he probably deserved that a little. “Ooh,” he winced. “Sorry!”

“It’s okay,” Ethan said.

James whispered back, “If you let me in, I can give you my pants.”

Ethan felt his chest swelling. The sheer selflessness of the offer was enough to make his heart fizz with love for James. “I don’t know if that would work. There’s no space in here. I can hardly move around when I’m in here by myself.”

James nodded, then remembered Ethan couldn’t see him. “Yeah… I guess that’s true. I can take ‘em off right here, though!”

“James, I think if you do a strip tease out there, we’re both going to be in trouble.”

“Probably…” James began pacing in place as he tried to come up with something else. It was just so hard to think, though. So many of his ideas circled back to Ethan letting him in there, and for all of those plans the first step was ‘Ethan lets me in, and I pee!’ He realized that he was thinking far less about saving Ethan from embarrassment than he was about releasing his bladder. He knew which should have been the priority, but he couldn’t help it! He had to go real bad!

Being stuck out in the aisle, knowing there was a toilet right behind that door, it made him just start bouncing up and down right on the spot. He could feel liquid beading right up against his trembling pee-hole, and knew it wasn’t going to stay there very much longer. He whimpered to himself as he began to hold his member and buck his hips into the pressure. He didn’t care people were staring, he didn’t care if they knew he was about to have an accident. That didn’t matter to him, what mattered was keeping his need in check. “Nnnnh…”

“James…” Ethan spoke quietly. “You… Need to go really badly, don’t you?”

James nodded so fast his hair whipped back and forth. Then, he remembered once more that Ethan couldn’t see him. “Yes!”

“…Okay,” Ethan said finally. “I’ll… Come out. Maybe… Maybe if I act like it’s normal everyone will think they’re just weird looking shorts?”

“Mmm—Maybe,” James choked out, trails of sweat rolling down his face.

He heard the lock disengage, and Ethan stepped out. James looked at him for a moment as he kept bouncing. His boxers were plain black, so maybe they would look like shorts unless someone stared at him for too long. His pants were being carried under his arm, and he quickly rushed past James to return to his seat, his face bright red and his eyes downcast. James thought for a moment that Ethan ought to show leg more often. He had pretty nice legs, and James had always found the coarse hairs covering them fun to stroke.

James gripped the handle for the restroom and was about to head in, when he was stopped by a flight attendant, “We’re about to land,” she said, eyeing him. “I know you’re having a bit of an emergency, but we need you to sit down for now.”

James winced. This must have been how Ethan had felt on the flight last week… He dug his hands more tightly against his crotch, but he didn’t argue. He just went back to his seat and hoped landing would happen fast. Ethan knew what had happened and the realization was like a punch to the gut. This was his fault, if he hadn’t been hiding out in the restroom the whole flight, James could have gone. If he’d opened the door just a few minutes earlier, James could have gone. Now, his poor partner was gonna have to contain himself until they found a restroom in the airport.

His guilt grew in tandem with James’s desperation over the next several minutes. James was practically squirming out of his own skin, and trying so hard to press himself into his seat away from his seatbelt that it made Ethan’s heart hurt. “I’m sorry,” Ethan said. “I should have just— I’m sorry…”

James crossed his legs, then immediately recrossed them the other way. He did this over and over again, apparently no position brought him the slightest ounce of relief. “Nnnh, it’s okay!” James squeaked out. “I can hold it!”

Ethan hoped that was true.

As the plane braced for landing, James was coming apart at the seams. Ethan swore it looked like his eyes were turning yellow. They were big and wide on his face, full of painful need and agony. Ethan pictured himself picking James up the instant they were on the ground and running him to a toilet at breakneck speed, stroking his hair and telling him it was all gonna be okay, that he’d make it in time because Ethan was there to help.

Once on the ground, that wasn’t exactly what happened. Ethan grabbed both their bags, and after that there wasn’t any room left in his arms to carry James. Not that he thought that was such a good idea anymore, poor James was leaking like mad from the moment he stood and Ethan felt that lifting him up would definitely make him lose it completely.

“Okay, come on,” Ethan said, trying to sound calm and in control.

James hobbled after him, hands tucked between his straining, wet thighs.

“Okay… Okay….” Ethan mumbled to himself once they were in the airport. “Nearest toilet is…” He spun around on his heels, eyes coming to rest on a sign pointing towards the location set aside for men to empty their bulging bladders after long flights. “This way!” He hoped it wasn’t a long walk. He hoped it wasn’t closed for cleaning. He hoped there wasn’t a line. He could hear liquid hissing into James’s clothes as they moved as quickly as the poor thing’s desperate, quivering legs would allow.

As they approached, Ethan saw that one of his fears had come true; The men’s room here was being cleaned as well. James seemed poised to bolt right into the women’s instead, when Ethan saw the door between them. The disabled restroom, it wasn’t closed, and James could enter it without fear of being in any trouble. Ethan gestured to that one instead, and James flung open the door and dashed inside.

Ethan followed him in. It was single use, but James constantly forgot to lock the door when he peed, especially if it was an emergency like it was now. Ethan pressed the button for the lock, and watched as James unzipped, yanked down his pants and flung himself onto the toilet, a huge rushing burst of liquid spraying against the bowl beneath him before he’d even sat down all the way.

James’s tongue had lolled out of his mouth, a huge smile on his face as his eyes drifted closed. His entire body eased into a state of total relaxation as his stream kept hissing out. A moan erupted from his lips, quickly turning to heavy, utterly relaxed breathing, like the way he breathed when he was deeply asleep. “Ahhh… That feels gooood!”

“You like to go sitting down?” Ethan asked. It hadn’t been what he expected; It took longer to sit down, and he’d figured James would want to start peeing as soon as possible. He hoped James didn’t mind him talking to him while he went.

“Sometimes,” James said, still gushing away, completely unbothered by Ethan staring at him and speaking to him. “‘Cause, sometimes when I have to go super bad, my legs just go all wibbly-wobbly when I pee, and it’s hard to keep standing up. My legs are really tingly right now, they feel like jelly.” He laughed, causing his stream to somehow intensify in its force. It had already sounded like an erupting geyser, and now it had managed to get even louder. “Heheh, once I actually fell over ‘cause of that! That was a big mess!”

“I guess I sometimes get a little weak in the knees too,” Ethan admitted. “Can’t say I’ve ever fallen over while urinating, though…” He looked away for a second. “You… Uh… You look really cute right now, James…”

“Heh…” When James’s faucet came to an abrupt stop, he stood and pulled his pants back up. “That’s better, thank you Ethan…”

“But, it’s my fault you got so—“

“Maybe a little,” James admitted. “But, I like being desperate, remember?”

“You always find the silver linings, don’t you?”

“Uh-huh!” James said with a smile.

Ethan looked down at himself. He’d been so focused on getting James to where he needed to be that he hadn’t realized he’d just run through an airport in his underwear… “Wish there was a silver lining for this…” He said.

“Sure there is!” James said. “Because, you have some of the hottest legs I’ve ever seen, and watching you run on them just now makes me want to do all sorts of things when we get home!”

“Eheh, yeah. That will make up for the embarrassment quite a bit…”

*029*2021-06-08 18:36

Ethan no longer locked, or even shut, the restroom door at home while he peed. He just left it wide open, an invitation. James didn’t come watch every time, but he did it often enough that Ethan had come to expect it. It no longer felt strange to have James there beside him as he emptied his bladder. It was no longer weird to hear James’s comments on the length and power of Ethan’s pee. It was no longer off-putting to have a conversation while Ethan was midstream. It was just a thing they did now.

Ethan liked that he could entertain James so thoroughly with something so simple and natural. When James made little comments expressing his amazement at Ethan’s capacity, it made him feel almost proud. Every time James rubbed his back and exclaimed something like, “Oh, wow! You poor thing! You had to go real bad! That’s so much!” Ethan felt nothing but warmth.

Ethan found himself holding it more often, so that when he went, James would be impressed. He’d be about to head for the restroom, then think ‘Oh, no. I can hold way more than this before it’s an issue,’ and go back to whatever he’d been doing.

A new habit he’d picked up was skipping his morning pee before work. He and James would get there, and Ethan would be filled up from a night’s worth of pee and his morning coffees, and he’d keep holding out until the tasks that needed to be completed first thing were carried out. Then, and only if nothing else had come up, Ethan would pee. He would even invite James to join him in his restroom to watch.

As he gushed out his morning coffees, Ethan thought about how this new facet of their relationship had begun right there in this room; All because Ethan hadn’t been able to get a break for so long while his beloved assistant was home sick with a cold. Back then, Ethan never would have thought he’d come to like it so much. He doubted if he’d have ever enjoyed this to such an extent on his own, it was James’s excitement that had rubbed off on him, and Ethan was beginning to be more okay with that. He liked this weird thing now, and that was okay.

It wasn’t long after Ethan became comfortable to start leaving the door open at all times that James asked if they could try something new. Ethan said he was open to hearing what James wanted, but that he couldn’t guarantee he’d want to try it. He was a little worried James wanted Ethan to pee on him, or the other way around. Ethan was pretty sure he wouldn’t like that, it would be a bridge too far.

But, that wasn’t what James wanted.

He wanted Ethan to ‘control’ him.

Ethan had no idea what that meant at first, so James explained.

“So, you want me to force you to hold it?” Ethan asked. “I don’t… Your bladder’s a lot weaker than mine is. What if I misjudge it, and you have an accident, or get hurt, or—“

“That’s what the safeword is for,” James said. “If it hurts, I’ll use that and we’ll stop. I’ve honestly fantasized about you making me hold it from the moment I started working for you.”

“What?”

“Yeah, every time I asked for a toilet break, I kept hoping you’d say no and tell me to wait longer. I wanted you to scold me for needing so many breaks and say I couldn’t have any more. Then, yell at me for squirming since it’s not professional, and—“

“I think that would be illegal,” Ethan interrupted. “An employee can’t be denied bathroom breaks.”

“I know,” James said. “But, it’s a fantasy. It doesn’t have to be realistic. I know we can’t really do that. But when I hold it for you, can you pretend we’re at work? And you’re, like, a super tough boss and I gotta do what you say?”

“I guess I could do that for you,” Ethan said. “We can’t do it at work, though. It has to be here in the house.”

“I know. It’s just pretend,” James said.

That weekend, James was bubbling with excitement. Ethan, on the other hand, was nervous. He was scared he’d be too mean to James. He knew he could be mean to others sometimes when they’d irritated him, but he never wanted to be mean to James. What if he went too far and it wasn’t fun for James anymore? What if, in an effort to please him, James didn’t use the safeword even when he really, really had to and he hurt himself?

“So, how does this work?” Ethan asked.

“First, I’ll drink a lot of water, and you go to your desk and pretend like you’re working. Or, actually do some work, either one is fine. Get the printer paper out, and I’ll pretend I’m sorting paperwork for you, and just… When I tell you I have to go, you have to say that I can’t, okay?”

“Okay…” Ethan said. “That’s what you want?”

“Uh-huh,” James nodded. “It will be fun, I promise.”

Ethan hoped it was… But, when he pictured James tearing up and begging, he knew it was going to be very hard not to whisk him straight to the toilet. “How long do I do that for?” Ethan wasn’t sure how long he’d be able to handle watching James need something so badly while having to deny it from him.

“Until my bladder can’t take it anymore,” James said.

“Wait, do you mean you want me to force you to hold it until you wet yourself?” Ethan asked. “Because, if so, I need to find something to protect the carpet with first.”

“Oh, right,” James said. “Um… I’ll get some trash bags to stand on top of when I lose it,” James said.

“You really want to wet yourself?” Ethan was surprised. True, peeing his pants in the elevator hadn’t been a completely awful experience, but it had still been an accident and not something he’d intended to have happen. He couldn’t imagine planning to do such a thing, but James was giddy with excitement.

“Yes,” James said. “I’ve never wet myself on purpose before, I want the first time to be with you.”

Relationships were full of firsts. First dates, first kisses, first times in bed… But, Ethan was pretty sure most relationships did not have a ‘first purposeful pants peeing’. “If… If that’s what you want,” Ethan said. “But, make sure you get on those bags before you… Go. Alright?”

“I will,” James promised.

“And… Please tell me if I’m upsetting you?” Ethan asked. “This just… It’s going to feel really mean, and I don’t like being mean to you.”

“I understand,” James said. “But, I want you to do this. If it starts to hurt, I’ll let you know.”

Once James had drank a few glasses of water, he sat down in front of a big stack of printer paper and began pretending that he was sorting important paperwork. Ethan, meanwhile, had taken James’s suggestion and was actually doing some work on his laptop. He focused on his work, trying not to dwell on the fact that he was going to be behaving in a very cruel way to James soon.

Ethan got absorbed in his tasks, and soon felt a tap on his shoulder. “Ethan, may I please have a toilet break?” James asked when he turned around.

Ethan had momentarily forgotten what they were doing and was about to answer the way he usually would; “Of course you may. Get yourself comfortable.” But, then he remembered what was going on, remembered what James wanted him to do. “N…No,” he said instead. “Not yet, alright? I need to make sure everything gets done on time, is that okay?”

“Okay,” James said, and went back to where he’d been.

Ethan frowned, pretty sure that his performance just now hadn’t been quite the ‘tough boss’ routine James had been hoping for. Ethan had an easy time yelling at other people, saying things that weren’t the least bit nice. But, he just couldn’t with James. If James weren’t James, it would be perfectly simple to snap at him and order him to sit down and not pee. But, since James was James, it just made Ethan’s heart hurt.

He heard James shuffling the papers around again and swallowed. His throat sure was dry… “Hey, James?” Ethan asked. “Could you get me some water, please?” He cleared his throat. “That’s… Um… That’s an order!”

James smiled as Ethan attempted to inject more authority into his voice. “Yes, sir!” He stood and fetched Ethan a glass of water, then returned to his papers. James was already feeling quite desperate, and it was making him so excited. His fantasy was finally gonna come true today; Ethan would be all tough and commanding, and James would beg and plead with him for relief that he’d never get.

Ethan continued to have James bring him waters, and each time it became harder and harder for James to watch the liquid trickle from the sink’s faucet and into the glass. Once, he had to almost hump the kitchen counter as he felt pee trying to work its way down his shaft. It made James happy though; Ethan repeatedly telling him to fill a glass with water was surely a sign that he was getting into his role.

In reality, Ethan hadn’t even been thinking too much about how filling up glass after glass with water would affect James’s filling bladder. He’d seriously just been really thirsty, all the nerves he felt about being cruel to James had caused him to sweat up a storm. The cool water was honestly just calming him down. But, soon all that water began working its way through Ethan’s system, and his bladder became uncomfortably full.

Ethan was about to stand from his desk and take care of it, but then he stopped. What was the protocol for this? Was it even okay for Ethan to relieve himself when they were in the midst of this kind of game? He didn’t know if it was… Maybe it was best just to hold it until after the game… He decided that was probably the best thing to do; If he left the room, it might break the illusion James wanted crafted for him, it would remind him that they were just at home and not really at work, and that Ethan wasn’t a cold, unfeeling and completely controlling employer. And, if he peed while James couldn’t… That would be so mean. Too mean. It would be downright cruel! He just couldn’t do that to him.

Ethan hooked his feet together and fanned his knees a couple times as he continued to work. He took stock of how many glasses of water he’d drained and realized he was gonna be in for a great deal of discomfort if James didn’t… Didn’t ‘lose it’ soon…

James hobbled up to Ethan a few minutes later, and one look at him let Ethan know that he likely didn’t have too much time left. His knees were glued together, his toes pointing towards each other as he struggled to maneuver from one side of the room to the other. One hand was tucked between his thighs, the other gripping his hair— Something James did when he was stressed. “Ethan?” James asked. “I—I know you said I have to— Oooh— That I have to keep working, but it’s an emergency!”

Ethan’s heart pounded. It looked like poor James was in real pain. He didn’t need to tell Ethan it was an emergency, it was clear as day. Ethan wanted nothing more than to say “Yes!” and to help James down the hall to the restroom so he could finally put an end to his suffering.

But, that wasn’t what James wanted.

James wanted Ethan to say “No.”

Ethan inhaled sharply, bracing himself for what he had to do. When he sucked in his breath, he became very aware of how bloated his own bladder was. The skin covering it seemed to be stretching itself unnaturally. He winced. He had to go so bad… “No,” Ethan said, trying to keep his tone even. “You, uh. You need to keep working! Abs—Absolutely no breaks!”

James’s eyes were shimmering, and Ethan’s chest contracted. “Oh, please?” James begged, bobbing up and down as his second hand joined his first one between his clenched legs. Ethan could see how sweaty his forehead was. “I’m really sorry! I can’t wait very much longer!”

Ethan shut his eyes. He tried to pretend James was someone else. Anyone else. He tried to pretend James was a random guy he bumped into at the grocery store, someone he didn’t even know, someone he didn’t care one iota about. He tried to pretend James was the head of the Homeowners Association, whom was a particularly obnoxious man that drove Ethan crazy with anger. He tried to pretend James was anyone on Earth, anyone other than who he was.

“No,” Ethan replied, eyes remaining squeezed shut as he pictured the irritating face of the man in charge of the Homeowners Association. He imagined every detail, every curve of that jerk’s face, as he tried with all his might to blot out the memory of James’s agonized appearance. Ethan went over every obnoxious thing the HOA had done to him, fining him the instant his grass got just slightly too tall, refusing to allow him to paint his garage door the color he wanted, the absolutely uncalled for letter he received after he tried to place a plastic goose holding a telescope in his yard as a decoration. He felt heat and frustration build as he remembered more and more irritating moments.

“No,” Ethan repeated. “You have to sit down and listen to me! Get back to work, and just hold it! I don’t want any more complaining!” His eyelids twitched, and he ordered himself not to open them. Don’t you dare look.

“Y-Yes sir,” James said quietly, and that meek tone sucked away all the annoyed fury Ethan had managed to stoke inside himself. This wasn’t the HOA bugging him, this was James needing something from him very badly! And, he’d just denied him that thing in such a rude way!

Ethan opened his eyes again, and his heart twisted in his chest. James was doing a full-blown pee dance now. His hands were glued to his dick, he was stepping in place and his hips were writhing. Watching it provoked two unpleasant reactions for Ethan; One, it made an absolute flood of guilt pour over his shoulders. Two, it made his own bladder throb with sick urgency, and he coiled his legs together. This brought him some relief, but only for a second, then he had to uncross them and cross them back the other direction. He did this a few times, “G—Get back to work!” he stammered.

James looked at Ethan’s twisting and convulsing legs for a second, before bobbing up and down. “Ohhh, I can’t!” He cried. “I have to go so bad! It feels like I’m gonna explode!”

“Think about something else,” Ethan said, trying to come across as dismissive. He squeezed his thighs together as a powerful pang of need pulsed through his aching bladder.

“Nnnh!” James exclaimed. “But… But all I can think about is waterfalls, and rivers, and rain! And urinals, and toilets, and peeing into them, and— Ohhhh, I gotta go pee so bad! Please, just let me!? I have to pee now, I’m gonna pee myself! I gotta pee! Please, please let me pee!”

Ethan turned himself back around as James kept begging, kept rambling on and on and on about water, toilets, and peeing— Oh, he just would not shut up about peeing! Every time he said the word, Ethan’s bladder would spasm, begging Ethan to let it do exactly what James was talking about. Ethan’s legs had tangled themselves into a completely agonized pretzel, his penis practically being crushed between them. Still, he could feel liquid pulse out through his tip, could feel his boxers growing damp and warm. He wanted James to hurry up and actually have that accident he kept insisting he was on the verge of.

But, instead James kept talking, “Please, Ethan? Please, please? I can’t wait anymore! I tried, I promise! But, it’s too much! I can’t hold it forever, just please let me go?! I’ll do something for you! I promise! I’ll work extra hard when I get back! I’ll work overtime as long as you want! Just, please, please let me go pee!” He was doubled over on himself now as the endless stream of words fell from his lips.

If James didn’t lose it soon, Ethan was gonna start letting loose a different kind of endless stream… Ethan had to move this along, had to make James wet himself as soon as possible so that the game would be over, and Ethan would know it was okay for him to go have a very, very badly needed pee of his own. “Stop holding yourself like that!” Ethan barked. “That’s unprofessional! Move your hands, and stand correctly! Keep… Keep your hands behind your back.”

James whimpered as he obeyed. Ethan’s heart trembled at the sound, almost as badly as his bladder was trembling. A long jet of urine sprayed the front of his boxers, and he hoped James hadn’t heard it. In spite of just ordering James not to grip himself, one of Ethan’s hands crept its way into his lap and pressed itself over his leaking cock.

“Ethan, I can’t stay like this!” James whined, still bent double, knees still knocking.

“Stand up straight,” Ethan ordered, growing panicked. Even with as tight as he was holding himself, he wasn’t able to stop dribbling. He prayed that none of it was making it to his chair, and forced himself to stand. It hurt so bad, his bladder screamed and he wasn’t able to bring himself completely upright. He was basically a mirror image of James now, apart from the fact that he was still using his hands.

James had thought initially that Ethan had been trying to conceal how turned on he’d gotten over the course of the game, but it was becoming increasingly apparent that that wasn’t the case. Ethan… Knew that James was the one that had to hold it, right? James couldn’t recall saying anything that should have led him to believe they both had to hold their bladders… “Um, Ethan?” James ventured, shimmying his hips with need as he fought not to resume gripping himself in his hands.

Ethan bounced in place, “Hold it!” He ordered, and James wasn’t sure if he was talking to him or himself…

Still, James responded with a panicked “I can’t!” because it was the truth. He’d been dribbling up a storm for the past several minutes, his floodgates were cracking and splitting apart, unable to restrain the ocean within.

“You have t—Ah!” Ethan’s command was interrupted by a not-tough-at-all sounding squeak of surprise. All the leaky rivulets that had been steadily trickling from his overworked pee-hole had suddenly been replaced by an absolute gusher of a stream, his urethra had become a fountain, uncontrollably spurting out a torrent that cascaded down his already dampened legs.

He was peeing.

Panicked, he dashed over to the garbage bags James had lain out on the floor, and once he was there, he just… Relaxed. The jet of liquid continued to spout into his rapidly soaking clothes, but the floor would be safe now. The warm feeling of his current was startlingly soothing, but that had nothing on the relief of letting flow after so much restraint. “Ahhhhh…”

James was stunned by what he was seeing, and incredibly confused as to why it was taking place, but he didn’t have time to wonder. The sight and sound of Ethan emptying himself was a whole Hell of a lot more than James’s bladder could handle. He scurried over to the trash bags and let loose, his bladder expelling every drop of liquid he’d been forcing it to keep inside. “Mmmm, that feels better!” he said.

Liquid drizzled from both of them for well over a minute, splashing against the plastic bags at their feet. James wanted to ask Ethan what in the world had happened, but was too caught up in how ridiculously comfortable he felt while his engorged bladder drained away that he couldn’t speak. He didn’t know if Ethan could really talk that much either, he’d been moaning his head off like crazy the whole time, more and more pee hissing into his completely drenched clothes.

Once they were both finally empty, James spoke; “So… What was that about?”

Ethan blushed, looking down at his completely saturated pants. “I… I really had to go,” he replied.

James laughed as he picked up the drowned garbage bags and placed them inside of a larger, dry one. “Yeah, I… figured that part out. But… Why? I was supposed to be the one holding it, remember?”

“I know,” Ethan said. “I just… I didn’t know how that… Worked. If it was okay for me to take a break like that while we did this. So, I just thought I should hold it.”

“You didn’t have to do that!” James said. “You could have gone. You could have gone and forced me to watch while I kept holding it! That would have been—“

“That would have been so mean!” Ethan interrupted.

“Not for me,” James said. “For me, it would have been really fun!”

“Oh…”

“Was this difficult for you?” James asked. “I know you were really worried about hurting me, but you didn’t. You won’t. I already told you, if I’m in pain, I’ll—“

“I wasn’t just worried about hurting you physically,” Ethan said. “I was… I just—“

“You don’t like to think you’re upsetting me,” James said. “Is that it?”

“Yeah.”

“I understand that,” James said. “But… You weren’t. When you kept saying ‘no’, that was fun for me. I liked being denied, and I liked you controlling me. It’s what I wanted, you weren’t upsetting me at all. You weren’t being mean, because you were doing what I asked you to do.”

“It’s just that it’s really, really not easy for me to see you needing something, and then not be able to help you,” Ethan said. “Even if it is what you want. It’s… Difficult for me.”

“We don’t have to do this again if it just stresses you out,” James said. “This was supposed to be fun for both of us, and it doesn’t sound like it was for you.”

“Is that okay?” Ethan asked. “You’re… Kinda asking me to go against all of my instincts with this, and I really don’t know if I’ll ever be able to turn that off.”

“I mean, I’ll still want to hold it for you,” James admitted. “But, maybe we can think of a different way to do it; One that doesn’t stress you out?”

“I'd like that,” Ethan said. “You are really cute when you’re bursting, it’s just the ‘not helping you’ part that’s unpleasant for me.”

“I’ll try to think of something else we can do,” James said. “Something that will make us both happy.”

“Thanks,” Ethan said. He looked back at his wet clothes, that were now feeling awful clammy and sticky. “Let’s go clean up first, though.”

*030*2021-06-16 03:45

Sorry for the delay, and I'm sorry but delays may be more frequent for a little while. I'm currently working on some non-kink writing projects, as well as preparing fics for Omovember.

***

“Hey, Ethan?” James asked. “You like Rubik’s Cubes, don’t you?” He’d seen Ethan kept one on his desk at work, but hadn’t ever seen him fiddling around with it and had begun to think it was just a decoration.

“I do,” Ethan nodded. “I used to play with them all the time when I was younger; My school held a contest to see who could solve one the fastest, and I got second.”

“Cool,” James said. “You’re so smart. I’m terrible at them, they make me feel like an idiot.”

“You’re bad at Rubik’s Cubes because you’re color-blind, James,” Ethan said. “Not because you’re an idiot.”

“So, you can solve them really fast?” James asked. “Even if they’re super scrambled up?”

“It’s been a while since that contest, but I guess so,” Ethan said. “Why?”

“Hold on,” James said. He dashed into their bedroom and came back holding a belt. It was not an ordinary belt, however, the buckle had a lock hanging from it, preventing it from being unclasped until the lock was opened. Besides the belt, he was also holding a Rubik’s Cube.

Ethan looked at it in confusion. “James, what’s—“

James lifted the top row of the Rubik’s Cube, revealing it doubled as a very small treasure chest; a round compartment was inside, which housed a tiny key. “It can only open if the colors are all in the right place, since otherwise the edges of the compartment just get stuck on each other.”

“…Oh,” Ethan said after a moment, beginning to guess where James was going with this. “So, when it’s scrambled, the key is stuck inside and you can’t—“

“Exactly,” James said. “I thought it would be loads of fun if I got desperate wearing this belt, and then you had to solve the cube so I could pee. This way, I get to feel like you’re in charge of when I go, and you get to feel like you’re helping me.”

Ethan thought it over, this sounded much more enjoyable than trying to force himself to treat James poorly. The other times he’d been with James while he was bursting, the part he liked best was helping him make it in time, see his cute face soften with relief as he finally got what he so badly needed. This would give him the opportunity to ‘save’ James, rather than torment him.

“Sure,” Ethan said. “We can do that. But, just in case I’ve somehow forgotten how to solve those things, if you’re in pain, the lock can be broken or something, can’t it?”

“We’ve got bolt cutters, right?” James asked. “The lock on my locker in high school broke, so I couldn’t open it, and the janitor just cut it off with that.”

“We do,” Ethan said, but he shuddered at the thought of someone wielding a metal, pinchy thing so close to his crotch— Especially if he was uncontrollably squirming around while it happened. In such a scenario, Ethan imagined he may end up having an accident just from the nerves alone.

Hopefully that didn’t happen to James.

James put on the belt and clicked the lock into place. He wasn’t gonna get his pants off now until Ethan got him the key. That idea filled him with bubbling excitement, like he’d just drank a ton of sugary, carbonated sodas.

The fact that he hadn’t actually done that was a problem that needed to remedied right away. Fizzy drinks always seemed to go right through James; He knew that this was because of the carbon dioxide irritating the sensitive walls of his bladder, making his urgency spike faster. He’d learned years ago not to drink any soda at a movie theater unless he wanted to miss part of the film, and never to have bubbly water before a long drive or else he’d be begging for a stop long before the destination was reached.

But, today an intense urge to go was exactly what he was after, so he cracked open a few sodas and drank them down quickly. Then, he settled in on the couch beside Ethan. Ethan patted his knee, “Is it uncomfortable to wear a lock?” he asked.

“Not yet,” James said with a laugh. “I’m sure it’s gonna be real uncomfortable in about an hour, though!”

The Rubik’s Cube box was on the coffee table in front of them, and Ethan reached for it.

James pulled Ethan’s hand away; “Not yet,” he said. “I don’t even have to go yet! You don’t have to worry about it, I’ll tell you when I need the key.”

“Okay…” Ethan said. Just trust him, he told himself. Trust him as much as he’s trusting you.

James rested his head against Ethan as they watched a movie together. Partway through, James started to feel antsy. The bubbly sodas were making themselves known, sending him several pangs to remind him that they were gonna need to come out. He shimmied his hips a little, pressed himself into Ethan.

Ethan snuggled back and kissed James’s pink, flushed cheek. His eyes were starting to go wide, need clear on his face. He was… He was just so cute…

James continued to shift around, but he never backed away from Ethan’s side. His partner’s body was putting some much needed pressure against his crotch, and the comfort and calm of cuddling with him was making him not even want to get up and use the restroom.

Soon though, James was basically just grinding into Ethan. Ethan certainly didn’t mind the feeling, but was beginning to feel a reminder of the coffee he’d had with breakfast— And of the fact he’d neglected to have his morning pee once again. Remembering what happened last time, he decided to just ask James what to do; “I have to go,” he informed, bouncing a knee to emphasize that he didn’t feel like waiting much longer. “May I?”

James pushed himself more firmly into Ethan’s side and shimmied his hips a little. “Only if I can watch.”

Ethan looked at him a moment; “You want to do that? Even when you’re—“

“Yes,” James interrupted. “Oooh, but I may need help standing up!”

James did need a bit of help standing, and he hobbled on shaky legs after Ethan. When Ethan unzipped and let his stream flow, he tried not to sigh aloud at the sensation of release. He didn’t want to be cruel. He didn’t want to rub it in how good it felt to pee while James was stuck holding it.

Even so, the sound and sight of Ethan’s pee trickling into the bowl was having a very obvious effect on James. He was gripping onto his cock, his whole body twitching. “D—Does that feel good, Ethan?” James asked through gritted teeth.

“…It does,” Ethan admitted.

“H—How good?” James prodded.

Ethan realized James was really wanting to be teased, so he tried to give him what he desired; “R—Really good,” Ethan said. “I… Um, was holding it for a while. Nice to… Nice to not have to worry about keeping it back anymore, you know?”

James’s thighs clenched tight around his clutching hands, as he rocked back and forth on his toes. “Nnnh, yeah. Bet it feels nice.”

Ethan shook himself off and zipped up. When he went to wash his hands, he tried to keep the sink at a low volume, but James told him to crank it up; “Your hands won’t get clean with so little water, Ethan!”

Ethan obeyed, and James moaned and jiggled as the sound of the faucet echoed through the room.

They returned to the couch a few minutes later, and instantly James coiled himself around Ethan once more, letting out a hiss of air through his teeth. James practically dry-humping him, squeezing into him even harder each time his bladder pulsed was beginning to have an effect on Ethan. This was still all so new to him, but he couldn’t deny how nice it felt to have this much physical contact with James while he was so needy. Every few seconds, James would let out an adorable, mewling whine.

“Ethan?” James cried suddenly.

“Yes, James?”

“I can’t wait much longer, I need help!” James said. “Please? It’s an emergency!”

“Of course I’ll help you,” Ethan said. “All you need to do is ask me.” He reached for the Rubik’s Cube box and began to fiddle with it. He discovered that it was a little different from what he was used to, all the jagged edges beneath the tiles made the sides a little trickier to shift. Sometimes, they’d get a bit caught on one another. They didn’t glide smoothly and swiftly like a normal Rubik’s Cube did. A few times, he managed to get a part completely stuck and he’d need to take a few seconds to work out how to get it moving again.

James watched him work intently, holding onto himself for dear life as his hips shifted and his knees both bounced. “Oooh, hurry!” he pleaded.

“I am, don’t worry,” Ethan said, trying to impart calm as he unjammed one part of the cube for the second time. “I’ll have it in a couple minutes, I promise.”

“Mmm, I don’t know if I have a couple minutes!”

Once Ethan had gotten more used to how this particular cube needed to be manipulated, it became easier. He could use the same strategies he remembered using in that contest from high school, and before long, all the colors were matched up. Ethan popped the box open and retrieved the key. He asked James to move his arm for a second, which he did but not without substantial whimpering. Ethan poked the key into the lock, and freed him from his belt. “There you are!” he said. “Ready to go?”

“Very!” James squeaked out around the heavy weight in his abdomen. He was dancing in place as Ethan stood to follow him. Once Ethan was up, James took off in a hurry, already pulling down his zip. Good thing, too, he was peeing the second he was an okay distance from the toilet. “Ahhhhhhhh, much better!” he exhaled. He looked over his shoulder at Ethan whom was watching him gush. “Thank you!”

“You’re welcome,” Ethan said. “Feeling better?”

James felt immensely better. Not just because he was letting his bladder empty at last, but because he’d found a way to hold it for Ethan that didn’t make his partner feel uncomfortable or worried about being too mean. They could do this all the time now!

And, judging by the fierce blush on Ethan’s face and how wide his eyes had gotten, it looked like Ethan was enjoying James’s show quite a bit. James was positive now that Ethan definitely liked this, he liked seeing James need him, he liked helping James, and he liked seeing James so happy and relaxed when he got what he needed.

James’s bladder may have been pretty full, but it was still weak and small, and he finished up completely after a little under a minute. “Ahhhh….” he sighed again. “All done…” He turned to wash his hands, talking to Ethan; “Did you like that game a little better?” he asked, just to make sure.

“Yes, quite a bit,” Ethan said. “I would not mind… partaking in that again some day.”

“Yay!” James said happily. “But, maybe next time you can hold it and I can try to get the key.”

“James,” Ethan sighed. “You’re color-blind. If I need you to solve a Rubik’s Cube before I can use the restroom, I’m going to end up wetting myself.”

“Heh, I know,” James smiled.

Ethan blushed, cleared his throat; “W…We’ll see about that, uh… Definitely not anytime soon though, okay?”

“Yeah. Okay.”

***

So, the inspiration for this one was the meme below. If you want a Rubik's Cube lock-box, you can find them here

, I do think it would be a pretty fun thing to use for real-life holding games.

$$

*033*2021-06-16 16:48

{{6 hours ago, Misteriousmr said:

Resident Evil: Peellage

}}

... Oh, because the character's name is Ethan, right?

*036*2022-02-05 04:13

Okay, so I have a huge backlog of fiction updates to post to this site, but since I don't want to put up a ton all at once I'll just do a couple each day (Like, one chapter for each story.) You can view my AO3 account if you want to see more right away. (Link to that on my profile.)

***

“Your call is very important to us,” the automated message drawled for what must have been the hundredth time.

Ethan was really beginning to doubt that. He’d been standing in the kitchen, listening to this same message over and over and over again for the past hour and a half. Why was it so difficult to just get someone to come replace their busted router?

“Please continue to hold,” the robotic voice on the other end of the line requested.

Ethan had no choice but to continue holding. In more ways than just one. The hand that wasn’t holding the phone was clutching tightly to his dick, his legs held tensely together. Trying to place one too far apart from the other made his urethra tremble as a spurt forced its way down his length. To add insult to injury, the restroom was clearly visible from where he was, the door wide open and inviting.

He’d considered simply taking the phone into the restroom with him, but if Ethan didn’t have bad-luck, he’d have no luck at all. It was completely possible that the minute he started peeing, someone would finally answer his phone call and he’d have to endure the humiliation of them hearing him gush. Aside from that, he knew that he would need to give the representative he spoke to a lot of information about the busted router, which was currently sitting on the kitchen table, along with all the paperwork he’d filled out with the company, it was to much stuff to carry into the restroom with him, and there’d be no place to put it in there. He didn’t know what all he’d be asked, and he couldn’t memorize all of it, so if someone answered while he was midstream, he wouldn’t be able to respond to anything they needed until after he’d finished peeing.

“Your call is very important to us.”

“Bullshit…” Ethan muttered, trying to find the correct way to bend his fingers that would transform his hand into a more suitable cork.

Being in his own house was making it worse. His bladder did not understand why he hadn’t taken it to the toilet he could so clearly see. It only understood that he was home, and that the toilet he’d released it into hundreds of times before was just a short walk away. It pinched at him mercilessly, demanding to know what the hold-up was. His thighs quivered as he began marching in place, his heels lifting one after the other from the floor.

He wished he could just give the phone to James for a few seconds! But, James liked to sleep late on the weekends, Ethan didn’t want to wake him up. Not to mention, the account with this company was in Ethan’s name, and he knew from previous experience that that meant they wouldn’t even talk to James.

“Please continue to hold.”

“I can’t!” Ethan whimpered, his sphincters were trembling with the effort it took to not just… spray everything out right there. “Don’t you understand that?” He gave himself a tight, firm squeeze.

He spent another twenty minutes like that, writhing around where he stood and just hoping someone would pick up on the other end. He began to feel a bit of trepidation about that; He had no idea how he was gonna keep it together and hold a conversation with someone when he was so close to flooding his kitchen.

James finally emerged from the bedroom, sleepily fumbling down the hall to the restroom. ‘Please shut the door, please shut the door, please shut the door…’ Ethan silently begged in his mind.

But, for as much as they may have loved each other, they had yet to spontaneously gain the ability to read one another’s minds. James hadn’t even looked over at Ethan, he’d just flicked on the light in the restroom, lowered his pajama pants, and released a gushing torrent into the toilet. And, dear God, was it ever loud!

It sounded impossibly loud to Ethan’s desperate, frantic ears. Without the barrier of a shut door, Ethan could hear it even more clearly, and he could see the way James’s shoulders slumped and lost a bit of tension as a night’s worth of urine drained out of his body. Ethan’s own bladder quivered with jealousy, nudging him; ‘James looks like he’s feeling really good now! Wouldn’t you like to feel that good? Wouldn’t that be nice? Wouldn’t it be so great to just relax and let yourself go?’

Ethan bobbed in place, squeezed his eyes shut against the sight of James’s relief, and the tantalizing fantasies that it caused for him.

“Mmm…” James hummed softly as he finally finished up. A couple minutes later, he was in the kitchen… And any grogginess that he still felt was gone in an instant when he saw how Ethan was jiggling and curling around on himself. James was surprised that, even now that he’d seen Ethan bursting so many times, he never seemed to get tired of it. Each new experience was just as exciting as the first one had been. He was so drawn to Ethan’s twisting, wriggly urgency that it took him several seconds to understand why it was taking place. “Stuck on hold?”

“Yes…” Ethan whimpered. “And I can’t much longer!”

“I meant the phone,” James said with a smile.

“Oh. Yeah. I’m holding there too,” Ethan said.

“Did you skip peeing when you woke up this morning again?”

“No,” Ethan said. “I just…Ah—“ his grip on himself somehow managed to get tighter, and James noticed a dark line beginning to go down the leg of his pajama pants. “I had trouble sleeping last night, so I was really tired this morning, and had a few extra coffees and—And—“ he moaned a little, and James heard the hiss of liquid spraying into his clothes. “And— Oh, God, they want to come out now!”

“Let me take the phone for a minute,” James said. “That way, you can—“

“No, they won’t talk to you, remember?” Ethan said. “That won’t work—-Nnnnnh!” He doubled over and nearly dropped the phone before he remembered that a double-handed grab on his cock wasn’t an option at the moment.

“Aww,” James said, unable to stop himself from grinning, pink-faced; Ethan was just irresistibly cute when his bladder was this full. “Poor thing… How long have you been waiting?”

“Probably around two hours by now,” Ethan managed, his legs rubbed together, sweat beaded down his face. “I— Oh, I can’t take it anymore!”

“Just let me—“

“They’ll only answer to me!”

“That’s not what I was gonna say,” James informed. “I just need you to let me think for a second…” He glanced around the kitchen, before pulling open a drawer and removing a large measuring cup. “This holds a liter,” he announced. “Heh, bet you could FILL it right now, couldn’t you?”

Ethan winced as he realized what James was suggesting and conflicting feelings ran through his mind. On the one hand, he needed that measuring cup, and he didn’t think he’d be able to use it for cooking knowing he’d peed in it once before. But, on the other hand, he NEEDED that measuring cup, and his bladder had started to loosen itself up the minute he’d laid eyes on it. Just at the mere sight of something that could grant him relief, liquid had once again begun trickling noisily down his leg. “I— Um… Yes.”

James beamed and ran back over to Ethan, setting the cup down on the table for him. Ethan struggled to undo the button on his pants, finding that he couldn’t with one hand. And, he knew he wouldn’t be able to aim and hold the cup with one hand, either. “James…?” he asked, blushing at the whine in his tone.

“Oh, you need help?” James guessed. He unfastened Ethan’s button and pulled his member out, then grabbed the measuring cup and held it beneath his dribbling, exhausted urethral opening.

Ethan looked down at him with a plea on his lips he couldn’t bring himself to voice.

“Go,” James prompted.

And that was all it took for the deluge to start, liquid rattled against the plastic bottom of the receptacle, and Ethan panted and moaned as the endorphins of release flooded through his veins. “Ahhhh… Thank you, thank you, thank you… That’s it… That’s it…”

“…Sir?” a voice on the other end of the phone asked, and Ethan immediately turned beet red. A stranger had been able to hear him moaning his head off and babbling relieved, thankful gibberish for at least a couple seconds.

“Y—Yes?” Ethan answered breathily, still gushing away like a broken sprinkler, still incapable of comprehending much more than how wonderful this feeling was.

“What were you calling us today fo—“ The representative stopped speaking for a second. “I think I’m hearing a lot of static on your end,” he said.

Ethan’s blush deepened even further. He had a feeling it wasn’t ‘static’ the guy was hearing… “Oh, um… Ahhh,” he was unable to stop himself from breathing out another sigh. “My phone… Does that at the beginning of calls? It will stop any second now, I’m sure.”

“I hope. It’s awfully loud.”

A shiver traveled up Ethan’s spine, his relief was nearing its close and the pleasurable sensations intensified. He felt it all over, just beneath his skin, tingly and soft. “Mmmm…Yes, it should be over in just a few seconds.” He felt his stream dwindle down to a trickle, felt James shake him off and tuck his dick back into his pants before sliding his button back into place. Ethan felt so light and free… So gloriously empty… “Is it gone now?”

“Yes, it’s stopped,” The representative said.

“That’s good,” Ethan said. “I was calling because I need a replacement router…” He trailed off as he saw James set the measuring cup on the table with a beaming smile. Ethan wanted to yell at him to go dump it out and rinse it, get it off the kitchen table for God’s sake— But, stopped. Not because he’d realized the guy on the other end of the line would hear what he said, but because he could now see for himself just how much had been in his bladder.

He’d filled that cup completely.

He’d filled a one liter measuring cup to its absolute brim.

No wonder he’d been so uncomfortable, and no wonder James looked so ridiculously impressed.

Once Ethan was finally off the phone, he told James to go clean out the cup. “I know you say urine is sterile unless I’ve got an infection, but I’d still prefer NOT to have it on the table.”

James giggled; “Okay, but… Wow, I knew you could hold a LOT, but… I just… Wow,” he said once more. “Is this how much you normally go?”

“I have no idea,” Ethan said with a roll of his eyes. “I have to say that this is the very first time I’ve urinated into a measuring cup.”

“I’ve done it a few times,” James informed with a broad smile.

“I hope you didn’t use one of the ones we use for cooking…”

“No, never those,” James said. “Just, this time was an emergency. Anyway, the most I’ve ever filled a cup this size is just about half-way, and that time I’d been so desperate I couldn’t think straight! I didn’t even know it was possible to fill it all the way, good job!”

Ethan blushed, “Heh, I guess if you think it’s impressive, then I do too.”

*037*2022-02-05 18:10

Ethan considered himself a logical, rational man most of the time. He only believed something once he had ample evidence. He was a man of science. Curses and jinxes did not have any basis in science, but he was pretty sure he had ample evidence now that one such thing had been placed on him. He had the worst luck of anyone he knew. His luck was so bad that it seemed other worldly.

He and James had gotten solar panels placed onto the house. It had snowed last week, so Ethan had gone up to clean the snow off of them. It should have been fairly easy, just climb up there, dispose of the snow, and climb back down. And he had managed those first two steps perfectly well. It was the third one now that was causing a problem.

While he’d been up there, handling the snow, a strong breeze had kicked up, and the ladder he needed to return to the ground and been blown right over. Since this was supposed to be such a quick excursion, he had neglected to bring his phone. James had driven to the store. With the chilly weather, their neighbors were all indoors and the houses were spaced far enough apart that he would need to yell very, very loudly to have even a hope of getting on their attentions— Most likely incurring the wrath of the Homeowner’s Association in the process, too. The house was two stories, and even with the snow on the ground, jumping would likely cause injury. It was too much of a risk, especially for someone like Ethan who was a bit scared of heights (not that he’d tell anyone.)

Ethan was trapped on his own roof.

James tended to take a long time at the grocery store. He’d get distracted by things and usually come back with a bunch of things that hadn’t been on the list, usually new flavors of cereal or potato chips. He’d only been gone for thirty minutes, so Ethan knew he had a lot of time left to keep waiting. And doing nothing.

He sat down beside the chimney and crossed his legs, wishing that a mere case of boredom was the worst thing he was being made to endure. But alas, it wasn’t. Not only did Ethan have nothing to do, he was also feeling one Hell of a reminder of all the hot coffee he’d had to warm himself up on the chilly day. He was kicking himself, because he’d actually needed to pee before he’d come up here, he’d just been so certain that it would only take a moment that he'd decided to forego a trip to the restroom until his job was finished.

He’d lived to regret that now.

Ethan really, really had to go. He had to go so badly that he’d had to swat away the mental image of himself pulling down his pants and climbing on top of the chimney to release his bladder down it. The idea revolted him to no end; exposing himself so much, making such an awful mess that he wouldn’t even know how to begin to clean up… But, his bladder vehemently disagreed with his sentiment and was not averse to the idea at all. It kept trying to convince him that peeing down the chimney was a wonderful idea, and that he was a fool not to do it.

“I’m not doing that,” he mumbled to himself, shimmying his hips and tucking his feet underneath his body. He was cold, and all the little shivers that he couldn’t stop from soaring through his body weren’t helping his situation at all. Each time he convulsed, his bladder was shaken up. And, like a can of soda, each shake made it more likely to explode.

At least since no one was around, Ethan didn’t need to try and conceal his need. He could squirm and bounce and hold himself all he wanted.The issue was that none of it was doing him much good. His hands had gone so numb from the low temperature that it was difficult to curl his fingers in far enough to get a decent grip on his cock. He’d settled for just pushing his palms against his crotch, but that didn’t give him enough extra pressure to stop the first leak from pulsing forth.

“Ahhh, no…” Ethan whimpered. “Hold it. Hold it, hold it, hold it…” He told himself he’d needed to go WAY worse than this before. This was nowhere near as bad as any of his airplane mishaps, or that time he’d lost it while trapped in an elevator, or the first time he and James had tried to play a holding game and his unwillingness to cause James harm had resulted in a very wet pair of pants…

He tried to stop thinking about all those events, and how they had each ended with an empty bladder and an absolutely orgasmic sense of relief. Each memory of release made his bladder spasm and dig against his opening as it searched for a way out. ‘Yes,’ it seemed to say. ‘Didn’t all those times feel GOOD, Ethan? Wouldn’t you like to feel that way again?’

A swirl of cold air whooshed around him and Ethan shivered so hard he looked like he was vibrating. Urine was hot. If he peed his pants, his crotch and legs would feel warmer at least… He shook his head, like it was an etch-a-sketch and he could erase ideas he didn’t like from it. If he peed his pants, he’d only feel warmth for a few minutes at most. It would cool off right away, and then he’d feel even colder, as well as clammy, sticky and embarrassed.

Hold it.

Ethan just wasn’t sure how much longer he could. He spent the next half hour crouched beside the chimney, trying to shield himself from the frigid wind as his hands dug between his squeezing thighs. “Oh, I have to peeee…” he murmured to himself. The statement was almost an understatement, as his urge now seemed to be something that went beyond a ‘need’. He wasn’t sure if a word existed in any language to adequately describe how badly he had to empty his bladder.

A new idea came to him, one which ought to have been obvious. He could just go to the edge of the roof, unzip, and piss off of it into the snow below.

Easy.

Simple.

Except, it wasn’t.

Ethan was petrified of heights. When he’d climbed up the stupid ladder earlier that day, he’d kept his head tilted skyward, doing everything to avoid looking back down. He’d been immensely grateful the solar panels were not close to the edge and that he could brush the snow from them without going too far out either. He was staying next to the chimney because it was the only place he felt decently supported up here, the only thing he could really grab hold of.

Going to the very edge of the roof, and then having to look down as he peed… It made him shiver from something that was neither cold nor desperation. He wondered if he’d even be ABLE to pee if he was feeling scared. He knew anxiety could sometimes be a cork, stopping a person’s bladder up even if they needed to pee very badly. But, he also knew that in some people, fear had the exact opposite effect and made them void themselves completely unintentionally.

Ethan recalled wetting himself when he’d gotten startled by what he thought was a wild coyote, so maybe being scared wouldn’t hinder his ability to go. Not that he was going to risk trying this. What if he fell off? What if he fell off midstream and injured himself badly enough to lose consciousness, and someone picked THAT moment to walk by, and he was taken off to the hospital with his dick out and his body covered in piss?

‘Well, that’s pretty unlikely,’ the logical, rational part of Ethan’s mind said. This part of his brain tried its hardest to reason through his fear. ‘You are not going to fall. How often do you fall over when standing totally still and pissing when you AREN’T somewhere high up?’

‘Being scared sometimes makes people lightheaded,’ the less logical, less rational part of Ethan insisted. ‘I could… pass out or something.’

‘How many times have you passed out from being scared?’ Logic replied.

‘Well, none, but—‘

‘Would you rather pee your pants and have to sit in it for an hour?’

‘…No.’

Ethan tried to take a few deep breaths as he prepared himself for what he had to do. Each inhale seemed to wrap another tight, elastic band around his bladder and as he forced himself onto his feet, his tip began to dribble. Tiny warm spots bloomed onto the front of his boxers. He made himself hurry to the edge, but didn’t dare look down. He kept his eyes clenched shut and his jaw tight as he unzipped himself and pulled his leaking member out.

He was going to have to look now. Just to make sure he didn’t pee on anything he shouldn’t. He had to look down. He had to. He peeled his eyes open slowly, feeling himself leaking the whole time, but thankfully no longer into his pants. Then, he looked down.

The ground looked implausibly far away now. It felt like he was atop a massive skyscraper instead of a simple, two floor house. He actually felt some of that dizziness he’d been afraid of, and even though he was sure he was aimed away from any of the lawn ornaments and told himself it was time to pee, he was still only dripping.

“Come on…” he mumbled. “The sooner I get this out, the sooner I can get away from the edge.” He reached and gave the area beneath his navel a little tap. Then another. And another.

The dribbles gave way to Niagara Falls. A clear, thin stream of liquid erupted from Ethan’s tip and trickled gently into the snow beneath him. He started to breathe a little easier as ONE of his worries steadily drained out of him. ‘I’m okay, I’m okay…’ he kept thinking. ‘I’m… Wow, this feels good!’ he’d been so frightened that for a second, he hadn’t realized how absolutely incredible the shrinking happening in his core was. “Ahhhh….”

It was a little weird, mind-shattering relief swirling around alongside buckets of fear. He tried to focus only on the sensation of his piss streaming out, but the fear kept creeping back in. When he shivered next, he wasn’t sure if it was terror, cold, or relief that made it happen. He was doing his best just to catch his breath.

He was so caught up in all his conflicting feelings that he failed to notice his and James’s car coming down the road until James had parked it in the driveway and shouted up at him. “Wow, Ethan! You must have really needed to go!”

“Gah!” Ethan gasped, startled by the sudden voice. He lost his footing and panic swelled through him as he fell… Backwards. Thank goodness… He fell BACKWARDS against the roof. Not forwards and OFF of it. He was okay. He wasn’t hurt. He was…

Still pissing.

Ethan’s stream had only broken for a second as he’d toppled backwards, now it was blasting more strongly than ever. But, he was laying on his back and his liquid was going everywhere. It splashed against the roof, soaked parts of his pants and areas of his shirt as well. And he couldn’t stop it if his life depended on it. He struggled to get back up, but he couldn’t seem to remember how to stand.

Thirty seconds later, it was all over. Ethan was covered in pee, and the area of the roof he was laying in hadn’t done much better. Ethan just stayed there for a moment, shocked he’d even managed to do this to himself. Then, he sat up, tucked himself back away, and zipped his pants. “… James,” he called. “Could you please get the ladder for me?”

James had watched all of this in awe. He hadn’t had the best view from the ground below, but when Ethan was at last OFF of the stupid roof, he was able to see the damage very well. “Oh…” he said. “That’s a mess…”

“The roof’s seen better days too,” Ethan said grouchily.

“Next time it rains,” James said. “It will wash right off, and;… I’m sorry I startled you. I shouldn’t have yelled, if you fell the other way you could have gotten really hurt! I just wasn’t expecting to see that…”

“It’s alright,” Ethan said. “I’m fine, just really need a shower now.”

“You should be able to get back at me now,” James said. “I made you have an accident, now you can make me have one too!”

“James, you didn’t MEAN for that to happen,” Ethan said.

“I know,” James said. “But, I WANT you to make me have an accident.”

“I don’t like being mean to you like that.”

“I know,” James repeated. “And, it’s not being mean when it’s something I want, maybe we can do something where, like, it feels like you just ACCIDENTALLY made me wet myself? Oooh! I can drink a lot before bed tonight and then you can hug me really tight when we go to sleep, so I’ll—“

Ethan smiled slightly, “I… I guess cuddling you so much that you pee your pajamas won’t feel THAT mean,” he admitted. “I’d… I’d hug you NOW, but I’m kinda gross.”

James pulled him in anyway, “Oh, come on! You know a little pee won’t bother ME at all!”

*038*2022-02-06 17:00

Ethan and James had been playing games lately. Every weekend, if they had nothing else going on, then they would fill time by holding it. It was a contest of sorts, to see who could last the longest… But, there wasn’t much actual competition going on; Ethan always won. Often, James would have to give up and use the toilet before Ethan even felt truly desperate.

It was still fun, though. They’d lay in bed together and cuddle as their bladders filled. James liked being able to snuggle up to Ethan while his bladder began to stretch and pulsate with urgent, needy pangs. He liked kissing Ethan, whimpering into his mouth that he was bursting so, so badly for a pee.

Ethan liked it too. The way James strained and fidgeted against his body was invigorating. James always reached the point of intense, squirmy desperation before Ethan felt any hint that he was approaching an emergency of his own— Ethan actually felt a little bad about that, and that newly discovered, strange area of his brain really WANTED to experience what it was like for both of them to be out of their minds with the need to relieve themselves at the same time.

So, Ethan began drinking two glasses of water for every one James had. That worked a little better, but still James would always break first.

One weekend, Ethan had managed to get himself pretty desperate. He was fidgeting against James’s body as much as James was fidgeting against him. Both of them had their legs tangled beneath the covers. James’s hands were clutching at Ethan’s shirt as they kissed, while Ethan’s own hands were clutched around his cock.

James suddenly stopped kissing Ethan. Warmth was collecting between his thighs, and he felt them growing rapidly damp. “Oooh!” he moaned. “Ethan, I gotta tinkle sooo bad!”

Ethan couldn’t help it then, he laughed. And, immediately needed to pinch his opening shut much more tightly as a spurt of urine trickled from his own bladder. “Ah— D—Did you just say ‘tinkle’?” Ethan knew he was going red. Why did James have to be so cute all the time?

“Y—Yeah,” James whimpered out, carefully getting out of bed. Even through the fog of his desperation, he saw how much his word choice had made Ethan blush. “I gotta go now!” he said, rushing in the direction of the restroom.

Ethan stumbled after him, needing to take slow, pinched steps to avoid upsetting his bladder any more. He knew that watching James gush away when he was still holding it was probably a bad idea, but he couldn’t stop himself.

By the time he reached the restroom, James had already lowered his pajama bottoms and aimed himself at the toilet, releasing a heavy stream of clear liquid. “Ahhhhh…” he sighed.

Ethan’s hips bucked against his tense palms. “F—Feel better?” he asked, unsure if his sudden breathlessness was from his desperate need to do exactly what James was doing, or more to do with how adorable James looked standing there and shivering with relief.

“Mmm-hmm!” James replied happily, and then he stepped very slightly to one side. “Wanna go too?”

Ethan very much DID want to go… “You don’t mind?” he asked.

“Nope,” James said.

Feeling a little strange, Ethan took his place beside James and pulled out his member, allowing his bladder muscles to go slack at last. “Ahhh… Thank you…” he said.

James blushed and his heart started to beat very fast. Ethan expressing gratitude to him while relieving himself was doing things to James. “Y—You’re welcome…”

Ethan was surprised by how intimate this felt, by how close to James this activity was making him feel. This was far, FAR from the first time he’d urinated with James beside him, but to be doing it alongside him, sharing the same toilet and doing something so private together, felt very, very personal indeed.

James finished up a few seconds later, but stayed where he was to continue watching Ethan spray out his burden. He was aware Ethan had been desperate, he knew he’d been very uncomfortable holding so much back, but he also knew this wasn’t close to the limit of how much Ethan could contain within himself. When he finished up soon after, only about a minute after he’d started, James knew for sure he hadn’t been completely filled up.

James wanted to see Ethan reach his limit again. But, since it had become very clear that he’d never manage to outlast Ethan in a holding contest, James knew that this game wouldn’t be the way to see that happen. And hoping for Ethan to get caught short for real somewhere would just be mean, James would be more concerned for Ethan than delighted by his squirms and whimpers.

James needed to think of a new game.

The next weekend, Ethan asked James if he wanted to hold it again. James nodded, but said he wanted to try something slightly different. “You don’t have to do this if you don’t want!” he qualified. “If you’re uncomfortable with it, just tell me and I won’t make you do it. A—And, of course, if we start this and you don’t like it, we can stop, and—“

“James,” Ethan said, blushing. It was rare for James to get so nervous, his stammering was adorable. “What is it?”

“I was thinking this week, instead of a contest, you could be the only one holding it. And… Um… You need permission from me to go.”

Ethan turned even redder. “You want to… Control me?”

“You don’t have to say yes!”

“I— I think I would like to try it,” Ethan said. “I mean, if I don’t enjoy it we can just quit, right?”

“Right!” James said, beginning to smile as he pictured Ethan doubling over, filled to the brim and eyes going wide with urgent need.

“But… Um… I don’t want to…” Ethan paused. “I’m not… I don’t think I’m ready to wet myself again just yet. The other times were actual accidents, I’m just not… I’m not ready to do that on purpose.”

“That’s fine!” James said. “I’ll let you go before you burst!”

So, James had Ethan fill up on water. He made Ethan drink even more than he did when they had holding contests. He was dying to see Ethan coming apart at the seams. After Ethan had downed a substantial amount of fluid, they laid in bed together just like they did every other weekend. James had put on a movie and while Ethan did seem to be paying attention to it, James wasn’t. His eyes were too busy staring at Ethan in anticipation.

Drinking so much so quickly had guaranteed Ethan would start filling up fast. Before long, he was shifting in place, trying to find a position that didn’t upset his bladder. James noticed his squirming immediately; “Uh oh, does Ethan have to tinkle?” he asked, remembering how red-faced Ethan had gotten the last time he’d used the word.

Ethan went even more crimson this time. “Y—Yes. He does…” he admitted.

“Well, I don’t want him to miss the movie,” James said. “So, I think he’s gonna have to hold it.”

Ethan didn’t protest when James denied him relief, nor did he protest when James basically pounced on him and began to snuggle him so close it was like he was trying to fuse the two of them together.

He did start to whine a little when James reached a hand between their bodies to poke and prod at Ethan’s bladder. The action was irritating it, making the walls squeeze in on themselves and ramping up Ethan’s urgency.

By the end of the movie, Ethan did consider himself desperate. “James?” he asked softly. “The movie is over…”

“I can see that,” James replied, giving Ethan a tight hug that was just as much a show of affection as it was an attempt to squeeze his bladder. “Want to watch another?”

Ethan shook his head. “You said I could relieve myself once it was over…”

“I don’t think I said that!” James teased. “I said you had to hold it so you wouldn’t miss anything, but I didn’t say anything about you getting to go as soon as it was over!”

Ethan winced and had to admit that James was correct. “M—May I?” he asked.

“May you what?”

“May I go to the restroom?”

James went quiet, pretending to seriously mull it over as he felt Ethan writhe against him. James looked into his eyes, big and wide and full of pleading. His pink lip was caught between his teeth as sweat poured down his forehead. “I guess we can go there,” he said.

Ethan sighed with relief, his bladder already going loose at the thought of the relief that was coming.

James had to help Ethan walk, placing a hand on his back to keep him steady as they went down the hall. Once they were in the restroom, Ethan hurried for the toilet and began to lift up the lid on the bowl.

“What are you doing?” James asked.

Ethan stopped, letting go of the lid and pressing the hand against his crotch instead as he stepped in place. “I thought you said I could—“

“Nope,” James said. “I told you we could go to the restroom, and now we’re here. I’ve done everything I promised you.”

Ethan jiggled up and down frantically. “But… But I— I need—“

“You need another glass of water?”

More fluid was the last thing Ethan needed or wanted! “N—No, I need to relieve myself! I have to pee!”

“Ohhh…” James said, coming closer and giving Ethan another brief kiss, feeling how flushed and warm his face was. “So, you still have to go pee?”

“Y—Yes,” Ethan said, twisting and turning every which way. The sight of the toilet that he peed into multiple times a day was maddening.

“You have to go pee really bad?”

“Yes,” Ethan said. He wasn’t sure what was happening in his brain right now. James’s teasing and taunts were doing something to him and he didn’t know what. He knew this should have been getting on his nerves, but it wasn’t. Ethan, control-freak Ethan, had this weird urge that he’d never had before to surrender completely, to let someone else take charge and make the decisions.

“Hmmm…” James said, reaching to suddenly jab a hand into Ethan’s middle.

“Ahh!” Ethan gasped, doubling over on himself and letting his other hand dive between his legs as well. “Don’t!”

“I guess you DO need to go really bad, huh?”

“I do!” Ethan agreed.

“Okay,” James said. “Lift the lid and seat up then.”

Ethan eagerly obeyed, almost moaning with relief at the sight of the bowl. He started to tug down his zipper.

“No,” James said with a shake of his head. “Not until I say.”

Ethan jumped up and down and stamped his feet, “Then say it already!”

“Hmmm… No,” James said. “You need to learn to stop getting ahead of me. I think you should wait a little longer to unzip now.”

Ethan squeezed himself hard. His bladder was even angrier now that the toilet was open and ready for use!

James started to count down from thirty very, very slowly, drawing out each syllable as long as he could. His eyes were fixated on Ethan whom was thrashing madly, legs out of control and hands tucked tight against his crotch. When he finally got to zero, he said “Okay, now you can unzip and aim.”

Ethan did, and a spurt of urine immediately hit the water in the bowl after. He cringed, because he had a pretty good idea what James was going to say next.

“No,” James said. “No peeing yet.”

Painfully, Ethan clamped off his flow. “When!?”

“Whenever I decide. For now, just stand there.”

And that was what Ethan did. He stood there, his member in his hands, aimed down at the toilet, his bladder brimming with an ocean, and all of it being restrained. All of it, that was, except for a drop that began to gather at his tip before gently plinking into the bowl. “J—James?” Ethan cried. “Now?!”

“Nah, not yet,” James said. “You can hold it.”

Ethan kept holding it, bobbing in place and squeezing his exposed cock hard to keep any more errant drops from slipping out. Standing right here, staring at the toilet with his zipper down, totally free to pee if it weren’t for James’s word was driving Ethan crazy. It must have been, that was the only explanation, he was losing his mind. That could truly be the only reason he’d be doing this. The only reason he’d be so willing to obey James’s wishes when his body needed so badly for him to disregard them. The only reason he now wanted James to praise him for doing a good job holding it even more than he wanted to pee.

But, he did really, REALLY want to pee… “James, now?”

James kept staring at him. “Hmmm… No. Hold it in.”

“Soon!?” Ethan asked, starting to wobble.

James saw the way his legs wavered and suggested; “You can sit down instead if you want.”

“O—Okay,” Ethan agreed. His legs were getting sore from all the bouncing and tension. Sitting on the toilet would probably be a lot easier anyway. Since Ethan was normally standing up when he peed, he reasoned his body would probably recognize the seated position as one that wasn’t meant for urination.

He pulled his pants down the rest of the way, turned, and sat, expecting that threatening tremble of his body right on the edge of voiding itself to go away now that he was no longer standing and aiming at the bowl.

But, instead of the urgency in his core lessening, it just grew much, much worse. He was stunned, but something about feeling the porcelain beneath his skin made him REALLY want to just let go. The sound of liquid splashing against liquid alerted both him and James that he HAD let go for a second. “J—James!” he cried out, barely managing to stem the flow of his leak. “Pl—Please say I can go? Please?!”

James hadn’t even realized how much he’d wanted— How much he’d NEEDED— to hear Ethan BEG him for permission to empty his bladder until he actually heard it. For the briefest of seconds, his heart seemed to stop beating and his body trembled with alternating heat and coldness. Far too much blood flowed instantly downwards. “H—Hold it…” he breathed, unable to resist touching himself through the fabric of his pants.

Another loud trickle of liquid sprayed the bowl beneath Ethan. “James, please!?” he cried out, thrashing madly on the seat that would be granting him untold amounts of relief if he didn’t want so much for James to say he was being good. “Please, please? I can’t wait! I can’t! Please!?”

James felt like he may very easily cum in his pants and forced himself to stop rubbing his hand overtop the fabric encasing his very hard dick. This was the single hottest thing he’d ever seen; Ethan so flustered, so out of control, so absolutely dying to perform a basic function… And doing everything he could to avoid giving in to what his body needed all to please James. “Y—You want to pee?” James asked, his voice wavering.

“Yes!” Ethan exclaimed. It was all he wanted! He wanted it more than he’d ever wanted anything! Another drop slipped out his urethra. “Please, can I go? Please?”

“Maybe in a few minutes…” James considered.

Ethan made a sound that was a cross between a moan and a cry. “I can’t! I can’t hold it! I need to go right now! Please, say I can go! Please, please! I can’t wait!”

“You can’t?” James asked, trying to look very shocked. “Well, why don’t you pee, then? You’re on a toilet.”

Ethan’s thighs clamped together tighter and tighter. Was that permission? Could he finally give in, give his poor, aching muscles the break they so badly needed? “A—Am I allowed now?”

“Ye—“

Before James could finish granting Ethan permission, he was interrupted by the sound of a tsunami being unleashed into the toilet bowl. There was no build-up. No, slow, trickling start to Ethan’s release, he was pissing as forcefully as he possibly could the very instant he knew it was at last time to let it out. And then he was moaning, panting, gasping, nearly crying from the relief. “Ohhhh… Thank you… Thankyouthankyouthankyou, thank you so much… I couldn’t hold it… I couldn’t—“

James tucked a stray strand of Ethan’s hair, frazzled from so much frantic desperation, behind his ear. “You DID hold it,” he said. “You held it so long. You did such a good job!”

Another ecstatic moan dropped from Ethan’s lips then, his jaw going slack and his eyelids drooping shut. “Ahhhh… Held it… So… Long…”

“You did such a good job,” James repeated, now running a hand between Ethan and the toilet tank, stroking his spine. Ethan seemed to like that VERY much because he began to shudder and shiver as he panted out more and more sighs.

Ethan was even more attractive now than he’d been when he was still holding it. He was going so loose, James could feel the tension flowing from his spine as he rubbed him there. He looked like he could just sit there forever, enjoying the blissful oblivion of releasing his bladder. “Aww, somebody had to go BAD, didn’t they? That’s better… That’s all better…”

Ethan thought James’s cooing ought to have sounded patronizing, but it didn’t. It made him feel warm in a way he seldom did. “So… Much… Better…” he agreed, beginning to wonder if he was ever going to STOP peeing. Honestly, he was starting to think he wouldn’t mind that much if he kept on gushing forever. This felt so good that he didn’t want it to end.

It did eventually, of course. His bladder, while enormous, was not bottomless. It took him over two minutes to finish spraying, followed by another few seconds of slow dripping, and then he was finally emptied. He continued to sit there though, dazed as James kept stroking his spine.

“All done?” James asked. “Wow, that was a lot, even for you!”

Ethan finally stood and started to pull his pants back up— Feeling a little silly for doing so because he had a feeling James would be pulling them back down for him very soon. He felt a slight tenderness in his middle. “I think we’re going to have to take a little break from this for a while. I’m a bit sore after that.”

James didn’t mind that. Ethan had just put on such an amazing performance for him that he’d earned himself a break. He’d earned himself quite a few things, really. “You’re not TOO sore, are you? ‘Cause, I think you need a prize after that!”

“Heh, I’m not too sore for THAT,” Ethan said.

*039*2022-02-07 17:46

And so, Ethan and James continued to play their game. James would have Ethan fill up on water, and then watch him squirm until he couldn’t take it anymore and begged for what he needed. Every pleading whine from Ethan’s throat made James feel things he hadn’t even known it was possible to feel. But, James was always wary that he would push Ethan too far, cause him to get hurt, or make him have an accident before he was ready for it. That was why the games typically concluded with James making Ethan hold while sitting on the toilet. That way, if his bladder gave out and he peed before permission was granted, he still wouldn’t wet his pants.

James was also worried that Ethan would hurt himself. A few times, he’d noticed Ethan’s lower belly beginning to grow very swollen, the fullness inside of him stretching his skin. When James saw this, he would ask Ethan repeatedly if he wanted to stop, he would remind him of the safe word and that he wouldn’t be upset if he wanted to quit because it was hurting him. But, Ethan always said he could keep going. Ethan was a stubborn man, and there were few things he’d admit to being incapable of. Even if Ethan was insistent that he was okay, James would always grant him permission to go after noticing his abdomen start to protrude.

Ethan did feel pain during a few of the games. But, he trusted James. James would give him what he needed before it harmed him. He actually liked James dropping his dominant act to care for Ethan and ask if he was okay, it made Ethan feel so warm and safe. One weekend, after Ethan had shuddered atop the toilet bowl as his long held stream finally blasted out of him, he realized that he was just about ready to feel warm in a different way.

Ethan thought that maybe he was finally ready to wet himself.

But, he was scared. He’d wet his pants a few times and those hadn’t been completely awful experiences, but he still wasn’t so sure how he felt about doing it on purpose, about making a plan to have an accident and then actually putting that plan in motion. He knew exactly what his damp, sodden clothes and uncontrollably draining bladder would feel like physically, but was less certain how it would feel mentally to know he’d done that to himself on purpose, that a part of him had really wanted it.

He informed James that he was thinking about finally trying it, but expressed his worries. What if he didn’t like it, what if it made him feel too ashamed? “The only one that will know about it is me,” James reminded. “And, you know I would never judge you for it. But, I’m worried too…”

“Why?” Ethan asked. “Have I been doing something wrong?”

“No! No!” James assured quickly. “You’ve been doing great, you’ve been… adorable these last few weeks. But, um, the time in the elevator, that first time I held it for you… Both of those times it was… Hurting you before you finally wet yourself, right?”

“Yes, it was a little painful,” Ethan nodded.

“And… When you’ve been holding it for me, you keep… so much in for so long, you actually start getting a little swollen. And you still hold on until I say you can go…”

“But, that’s good, isn’t it?”

“It’s… I’m worried that if we try to break your limit like that again, you’ll get hurt,” James explained.

“I wasn’t hurt after the thing in the elevator.”

“Yes, but you were in pain,” James said. “You were in actual pain before you finally let go, and then you told me it hurt a little coming out… Getting you THERE again might hurt you, and I never want to hurt you.”

Ethan nodded, he understood James’s worry. “So, should I just—“

“How about this; When I give you permission to go, you just… do it in your pants?”

James watched as Ethan’s eyes widened and his face turned scarlet. Planning to hold his pee until he lost control of his bladder had sounded daunting enough, but… actively telling himself to let it go in his clothes? “I’ll… I’ll try that…” he said anxiously.

“You don’t HAVE to!” James emphasized once more. “If this isn’t what you want, it’s okay, I won’t be—“

“I’ll try it,” Ethan said. “Just once, to know how it feels. If I don’t like it, I’ll just never do it again.”

“Okay,” James said, hoping that once all was said and done, Ethan DID like it.

The next weekend began the way all the previous had. James instructed Ethan to drink up, and then had him squirm in bed while they watched TV for a while. But, this time, when Ethan started to get that desperate, urgent look in his eyes that told James he was well on his way to an emergency, instead of bringing him to the restroom to continue the hold he had Ethan stand atop a pile of plastic garbage bags next to the bed. He watched Ethan fidget and writhe there for a bit.

“Now?!” Ethan would plead every few minutes, whimpering each time James shook his head and told him he had to keep waiting.

“How about now!?” Ethan tried once more.

“No, not yet. You can keep it in a little longer, can’t you?”

“Ohhh, I don’t know,” Ethan admitted, jiggling madly on the spot. “I really, really need to let it out.”

James knew Ethan was teasing him, but the tease worked. James was starting to stiffen. “You can wait.”

Ethan continued to wait, fidgeting and bouncing and crossing his legs. Holding himself and whimpering and pleading for the relief he needed. James could not take his eyes off the desperate man, he was too alluring this way… Too cute, too needy…

“James!” Ethan cried out, doubled over and doing every pee-dance move he could manage. “I have to go! I can’t wait! Please, please, please?! Is it time yet?!”

James felt blood pumping madly through his heart, and… other… areas. “Go,” he breathed out.

Ethan could have cried with relief at that word. Finally! He could just relax and let it all come flowing out…

Except, when he let go of his crotch to prompt his stream to commence gushing, nothing happened. His bladder remained full, like it had a plug wedged inside its opening. Ethan began to bounce on his toes madly again, feeling utterly confused. How could he need to pee so horrifically and yet not be able to let it out?

He understood that his body was likely confused as well. He was, after all, requesting that it go against a lifetime of conditioning and willingly dump the contents of his bladder all down his legs, but still! He’d been fighting SO hard NOT to pee his pants a few moments ago, surely now that he was trying TO do it, it should just happen, right?

He knew also that sometimes a person could get a little ‘frozen up’ when it was time to urinate. Ethan had had that happen a few times in his life. He could recall a particularly awful experience involving that, where he’d been cramming for a college exam all night, chugging coffee to keep from falling asleep. When the sun rose and it was time to head down to take the test, he didn’t stop at the restroom in his dorm and came to regret it by the time he reached the building his class was in with both hands wedged between his wobbling legs. He rushed as fast as he could to the restroom and unzipped at a urinal.

Then, just as Ethan’s stream was about to blast out of him, the professor that was to be administering the exam came into the room. And took the urinal right next to Ethan. And asked him if he was ready for the test. Needless to say, Ethan’s anxiety spiked tremendously, the walls of his brain closed in on themselves, and his bladder, as full as it was, failed to void. So, he’d just been left standing there awkwardly beside his professor with his dick in his hands, dancing from foot to foot with an insanity-inducing need to urinate, and not peeing out a drop. Once the professor had finally left, Ethan’s body remembered how to function and his bladder basically just exploded as a long, long jet of liquid poured forth.

While Ethan knew he was not experiencing a bout of pee-shyness in front of James, someone he peed in front of all the time, the feeling he was having now was similar. An intense desire to unclench and relax that his body responded to by tightening itself up more and more. He whimpered, so uncomfortable, so full of need, so eager to just let it all gush out of him.

James realized Ethan was having some trouble. “If you’re not ready, you can go use the toilet,” he said.

“No, I want to do this for you,” Ethan said. “I just… This is stupid, but I don’t think I can figure out how?”

James came closer to him then, “It must be hard to make yourself do this, huh?”

Ethan nodded, trembling with urgency. “I have to go so bad, James…”

“I know…” James said. He remembered the time in the elevator, how he’d held Ethan, kissed him and rubbed his back as he lost control of himself. He put his arms around him now. “And that’s okay, you can go.”

Ethan took a deep breath and told his body to do exactly that, but it still refused.

James kissed him, feeling him wriggle and squirm in his arms. “Awww, does Ethan have to tinkle?”

“Yes,” Ethan said. “He does.”

“Ethan has to go pee SO badly, doesn’t he?” James continued. “His bladder is just so full!” he reached down and stroked a hand over the round curve in Ethan’s midsection, feeling him shudder at the touch. “Oh wow, this feels like it’s ready to burst!” James commented. “No room left in here at all, is there?”

Ethan shook his head. “Have to go…”

“Wouldn’t Ethan feel so good if he just relaxed?” James said, still stroking Ethan’s throbbing bladder. “He should really give his poor bladder a break, get rid of all this swelling.”

Ethan writhed, “I’m trying!”

“Come on, Ethan,” James said. “Let me feel it emptying.”

A drip.

Then a trickle.

Then a gush.

Then a furious stream.

Ethan’s bladder cracked wide open, spilling its contents down his legs. “Hahhhhh…” Ethan moaned. “Finally!” An ocean was pouring out of him, his bladder shrinking and deflating more and more by the second. James could actually feel the way Ethan’s skin stopped straining, stopped stretching itself out beneath his hand. Ethan’s head drooped forward, resting itself on James’s shoulder. “Ahhhhhh…”

James moved his hand away from Ethan’s bladder to rub his back, enjoying the way the tension seemed to just be sliding off of it. “All better…” he said. “Relax now… That’s good. What a good job you’re doing!”

Ethan felt warmer than he ever had in his life. And not just because he was wetting his pants. “I— I did good?” he asked into the material of James’s sleeve.

“Yes, you’re doing so good,” James said. “Such a good boy, letting it all out.”

Ethan shuddered against James, his pee continuing to flow in a never-ending stream of relief and heat. “Th—Thank you,” he said.

“Good boy, good Ethan…” James kept up the litany of praise as Ethan gasped and panted and peed and peed and peed. “Very good boy.”

After over two minutes, the hissing and gushing came to an end. Ethan was soaked. James was soaked since they’d been cuddled so close. The plastic garbage bags on the floor were soaked. Ethan’s bladder though, was finally dry.

“Good boy,” James said once more, stroking Ethan’s back as he gave one final shudder. “Such a good boy!”

Ethan felt so many things then. He felt the damp, clammy coldness encasing his now very hard member, he felt the pleasant pulsing of a freshly emptied bladder, he felt the warmth of James’s body against his own, and he felt a NEED to hear James praise him and KEEP praising him. He had no idea why, but the words ‘good boy’ were suddenly the most beautiful words to ever exist in Ethan’s mind, every time James said them, Ethan felt his wet pants growing tighter.

James kissed Ethan, “Great job,” he said. “Did you like that?”

Ethan nodded. He did like it. He liked it very much.

*040*2022-02-08 17:28

Ethan currently had the worst cold in the history of colds. He’d known he was coming down with something for a few days, but had forced himself to ignore the slightly off-kilter sensations in his chest and sinuses, put that discomfort aside and just focus on his work. James had told him over and over again that taking a day off every once in a while wasn’t going to harm anything, that Ethan needed to rest up or else his mild sinus troubles could evolve into something far worse.

Ethan really should have listened to James.

Now, he was so sick and wiped out that he couldn’t get out of bed without assistance. He fought to breathe. He couldn’t do it at all through his nose, it was so stuffed up, a fact that confused him since snot was almost constantly pouring from it. He thought that with how often he was having to wipe beneath his nose to clean all that up, the stuff that was making it so congested would be going away. But, that wasn’t what was happening. Breathing through his mouth wasn’t much better; his chest hurt like crazy when he inhaled, and his throat burned when he exhaled. Keeping his mouth open all the time was also drying it out, thank goodness James had been bringing him warm tea, otherwise Ethan was certain he’d look like a snot covered raisin by now.

The worst part of his illness though, was that Ethan had lost his voice. And, apparently Ethan’s ‘I’m-so-sick-I-want-to-die’ face and his ‘Dear-God-I-have-to-pee-so-bad’ face just looked too similar to each other. James had failed to catch onto the fact that Ethan felt like he was about three minutes away from peeing his pants.

If Ethan weren’t buried under all the blankets James had tucked him into, then James would surely be able to tell how much Ethan needed to use the restroom. Beneath the blankets, Ethan’s legs were tangled, and his hands were gripping onto himself. If Ethan had the strength to sit up and move the blankets by himself, he’d do that and James would know right away what he needed. But, Ethan didn’t have that much strength, trying to sit up even slightly had made his head spin and had caused fuzzy, dark spots to appear in the corners of his eyes.

James was sitting in the rocking chair, reading comics to himself, an activity that Ethan knew he could become absorbed in for hours if not interrupted. It was, unfortunately, very hard to get a person’s attention when you couldn’t vocalize anything, his throat was so utterly wrecked by this virus that even trying to moan or whimper didn’t produce any sound.

But, well, he could still cough… Dear God, could he still cough! He’d been up almost half of the previous night doing exactly that!

He coughed now, to try and get James’s attention. James did look up at him, but then his gaze returned to his comic. Of course it did; Ethan was sick, so James wouldn’t assume that a cough was meant to grab his attention.

Ethan forced himself to cough several more times. Doing this was murder on his poor bladder. Each time he hacked, the walls of his bladder would jolt and squeeze, trying to force out all the liquid. His double-handed grip on himself tightened, and his legs scissored themselves impatiently.

Finally, James came over, “Are you okay, Ethan?” he asked in a panic. “Need more tea? Need—“

Ethan shook his head violently. Please, no more liquids!

“Do you need anything?”

Ethan nodded as fast as he could, ignoring the dizziness that this action quickly filled him with.

“What do you need? I’ll get it for you!”

Ethan grit his teeth, bit his lip. James tilted his head. “Does your mouth hurt? Is that—“

Ethan shook his head again.

“What is it? Did Timmy fall down the well? Haha!”

Ethan narrowed his eyes, grit his teeth some more.

“Sorry… Not in the mood to laugh right now, huh?”

Ethan shook his head. He managed to squirm one of his hands free from the blankets, he crossed his middle finger over his index one, and pointed them downwards; a gesture which he hoped resembled a pair of tightly crossed legs.

“Hm?” James asked, confused. He frowned, “I’m so sorry, Ethan. I’m really trying to understand you! Do you think you can… Oh, let me get your phone, and you can text me instead!” He decided, running off to find Ethan’s phone.

Ethan grimaced. He hoped James hurried. He already felt like he was on borrowed time, and since James had covered him up with every blanket they owned, if he had an accident there would be a lot of stuff that needed to be washed. He kept one hand above the blankets, and squeezed himself with the other. One hand was having to do the work of two, and he was already so weak with the illness that he couldn’t get too tight a grip.

James did return quickly, and opened the messaging app for Ethan, who punched in a single letter as fast as he could.

James took out his own phone and looked at the message. “P?” he read aloud. “…Oh, you have to…”

Ethan nodded so fast it made him feel like he was going to throw up.

“Sorry,” James said. “I’ll help you! And, I promise I meant what I said about trying to understand you! I know I like seeing you desperate and all, but I wouldn’t make you hold it when you don’t want to, especially not if you’re sick! That would be cruel, and I’d never—“

James was interrupted by his phone dinging with a new message;

‘NOW.’

James smiled and blushed, “Right, sorry,” he said once more. “Think you can handle walking there? Or, do you want me to try and find you a container instead? Give me one finger for walking, and two for a container.”

Ethan held up one finger. He wasn’t looking forward to having to move his snot-ridden body around, but knew that it would get him the relief he needed a lot sooner than James would be able to find a suitable container.

“Okay,” James said. “Lemme help you up…” He pulled back Ethan’s covers and instantly his vision was drawn to his partner’s knotted up legs, and the way his hand was wedged between his trembling thighs. The realization of how big an emergency Ethan was having made his heart ache; He should have paid better attention. He was a terrible caregiver! “I think maybe I should give you a signal to use when you need the restroom,” James said as he helped Ethan unsteadily to his feet. James wasn’t sure if the unsteadiness came from his desperation or his sickness, but either explanation made him feel just terrible for poor Ethan. “Like, that hand thing you were trying to use?”

Ethan held up his crossed fingers again.

“Yeah, that,” James said. “Now that I know that it means you have to pee, just keep using that until you get your voice back again. I’m really sorry for not understanding, I feel awful. I didn’t mean for—“

Ethan started to tap his foot in a somewhat exaggerated way, and his second hand joined his other one over his crotch. James could pretty much guess what that meant; “Hurry up, James! I don’t have time for this, I gotta go!”

“Sorry,” James apologized once more. He put an arm around Ethan’s shoulders and started to lead him out the bedroom and down the hall. Ethan felt liquid start to bead at his tip the closer they got to the restroom. He began to worry that this brief walk was going to be more than his exhausted, ill and completely full body could handle. The hallway seemed to distort itself in his vision, and it spun a million miles per hour. If James weren’t guiding him, he probably would have run face first into a wall by now.

James eased open the door to the restroom and Ethan started to feel a little better; At least one of his ailments was going to be alleviated soon.

“Now, can you stay standing up?”

Even now that he’d stopped walking, the dizzying, tilting of his surroundings hadn’t ceased. He shook his head.

“Okay,” James said. “Might take a few more seconds, then, but I promise you’ll be going in just a second…”

That was exactly what Ethan was afraid of. As James tugged down his pajama pants, Ethan clenched his pelvic muscles as tight as he could. The last thing he wanted to do was lose control and inadvertently drench James in his pee. Still, despite all his clenching and fighting, a spurt soaked into his boxers.

James noticed his partner’s boxers darken ever so slightly, and pretended he hadn’t seen it as he yanked them down his hips. There was a small droplet of clear liquid hanging off the edge of his member. James had known Ethan was hanging on by a thread, but that made it all the more obvious. He hurriedly guided Ethan to the toilet he needed and helped him sit down. Ethan was going full force before he’d been fully seated, but even still it had trickled into the bowl rather than onto the seat or floor.

As Ethan heard his pee begin to trickle and hiss into the bowl beneath him, he smiled for the first time since his cold had begun kicking his ass. This was the first sensation he’d experienced in several days that wasn’t either painful, nauseating or both. It was nothing but perfect goodness in its purest sense. He exhaled hard through his mouth, and a tiny bit of color actually made its way back into his pale face.

“Feeling a little better now?” James asked.

Ethan shut his eyes softly and allowed his smile to grow, and his tongue to loll out of his mouth.

“Aw, that’s good,” James said. “Sounds like you really had to go.”

Ethan nodded.

“Poor thing… Now, you have a way to tell me what you need, so you won’t have to hold it like that again, I promise.”

Ethan finished up his pee and stood, James helped him redress and get back into bed, where he immediately entered another coughing fit— For real this time. James pressed his lips to the top of Ethan’s head and promised to get him some more tea. Ethan smiled once more, no longer needing to worry about where the tea would end up; James would understand him now, voice or no voice.

*041*2022-02-09 17:43

James loved seeing Ethan desperate to pee. His little dances, the way his eyes scrunched shut, the pink cheeks and nervous breathing… It was all so adorable! And then, when Ethan finally got to go, it was even cuter. He looked so delectably relaxed and so very at ease. It was so rare for Ethan not to look stressed out, so seeing his features all go slack, seeing his body shudder and his shoulders droop… It was a beautiful sight.

But, James would be lying if he said he wasn’t a little jealous of Ethan’s capacity. Ethan could pee and pee for nearly two minutes with no interruptions in his stream. His bladder was clearly enormous, capable of stretching itself to contain immeasurable quantities.

James’s bladder on the other hand… It was small. It always had been. Part of why he’d gotten so interested in the peeing habits of other’s was just because everyone around him seemed to have better control over that than he did. James had never made it through a drive that was more than one hour long without a pee stop. James had never gotten through a long movie without having to get up partway through. In high school, he had to go between every single class and would often find himself fidgeting at his desk and watching the clock anyway. In college, he’d even had a few accidents— None of which had involved alcohol which could have made them more understandable.

When he began working for Ethan, he was worried his new boss would scold him for the amount of times he needed a restroom break, but Ethan never did. And now that they were together, Ethan never got irritated by the amount of stops James needed on long drives.

Still, James wanted to know what it was like to pee out as much as Ethan could. He wanted to be able to hold that stunning amount of liquid inside his own body, just to know how it felt. James had held it for fun a lot of times, sometimes with Ethan at his side these days. His holding challenges had helped him get slightly better control, but still he couldn’t hold much. His bladder was the size of a pea, but he wanted one the size of a bucket like Ethan’s.

He decided he needed a real challenge. He was certain that his true limit was further beyond than where he usually stopped holding it at. He needed something to push him as far as he could go.

So, when Ethan proposed they go to a museum in the next town over, James decided that he wouldn’t ask for a pee stop at all during the drive—Not even if Ethan stopped because he had to go. That, James was sure, would give his bladder the workout it needed to get stronger. And, it would be lots of fun, too!

When the day of the big drive came, James woke bursting for his morning pee even worse than he usually was. He hadn’t woken up during the night to go like he did most of the time, so his bladder was screaming to be released. He dashed for the restroom and flung open the door. Ethan was at the sink brushing his teeth. “Gotta go, Ethan!” James said, lowering his pajama bottoms a bit and lifting the seat of the toilet.

Ethan smiled and shook his head, “You could have knocked…”

“No time, it was an emergency!” James stressed, and judging by the powerful jet of pee striking the water in the toilet, he hadn’t exaggerated a bit.

“I know,” Ethan chuckled. “You’re always in a big rush in the morning. You don’t need coffee like I do, your bladder wakes you right up!”

James blushed. He hoped that today would change that a little. He didn’t like having to make a mad scramble to the toilet every morning. Still, the steady shrinking he felt in his abdomen was a wonderful sensation. As he neared the end of his pee, he pushed as hard as he could, trying to ensure he got out every last drop. This would be his last pee for several hours.

James pulled his pajamas back up and returned to the bedroom to change. “All better?” Ethan asked him as he removed his own shirt.

“Uh-huh,” James said. But, his nerves about his self-imposed challenge were making him feel as though he already had to go again!

Once they were dressed and Ethan had had his coffee, he asked if James was ready to go.

“Umm…” James considered. Maybe he should pee one more time first? He didn’t think he’d get much out, but surely it would be a good thing to do anyway? “Yeah.”

They got on the road, and James tried not to think about peeing. He didn’t even have to go yet, but it was still the topic at the forefront of his mind. Even as Ethan talked about the exhibits he was wanting to see at the museum, James couldn’t concentrate on his words. All he could think about was the challenge and how nervous it made him.

They drove and drove, and it wasn’t long before James’s bladder announced itself with authority. Usually, he’d be asking Ethan for a stop by now, but he didn’t want to. His holding muscles were like all the other muscles in his body; they wouldn’t get strong if he didn’t give them a proper workout. So, instead of telling Ethan he needed to go, he crossed his legs as casually as he could manage and tried to forget about his need.

He ignored the confused pang from his bladder as they passed a gas station and he didn’t open his mouth to suggest a stop. He gritted his teeth as they drove over a bridge and he could see rippling lake-water beneath it. He clamped his jaw closed to avoid whimpering as they went through a particularly bumpy part of the road.

“You’re unusually quiet,” Ethan said. “Normally, you talk my ear off the whole time we’re driving.”

“I guess I’m just kinda tired today,” James said nervously.

Ethan frowned. “Was something bothering you last night?”

“No,” James said. “I’m just still sleepy.”

“I could stop somewhere and get you a coffee,” Ethan offered. Normally, he wouldn’t dream of giving his hyperactive partner even a tiny bit of caffeine, but he didn’t want James to fall asleep in the museum. “Would that help?”

“N—No!” James answered, perhaps a little too fast. He didn’t need more liquid, and he most definitely didn’t need a diuretic. “I just need some more time to wake up, that’s all.”

“Okay,” Ethan said. But, speaking of coffee, the ones he’d had before they’d left home had settled themselves pretty uncomfortably in his bladder. He thought he should probably pull over somewhere soon, anyway. He began looking for a place to stop. James probably needed it, too; If Ethan was starting to get uncomfortable, surely James’s teeth must have been floating.

James’s teeth were definitely floating. Swimming, almost. He felt like every last bit of room in his body was crammed full of liquid. He tightened his legs around one another, and hoped they were nearly there. He started to exhale when Ethan pulled the car off the main road, certain that meant they were close.

But, Ethan had stopped at a gas station, not a museum. “What are we doing here?” James asked, trying to keep the whine from his voice.

“Had a little too much coffee,” Ethan admitted sheepishly. “And, I’m sure you could use a break around now, too.”

James felt a blush spread across his face. “Wha—What do you mean? I’m fine.”

“Really?” Ethan asked, surprised.

“Don’t sound so shocked, Ethan,” James said, trying to keep the urgency from appearing in his voice.

Perhaps, Ethan thought, the holding games he and James played at home had strengthened his small bladder a bit? But, James certainly looked like he had to pee right now. Ethan had become very acquainted with how James looked when he was desperate, and was positive he could recognize the signs by now. That pink flush to his face, the way he sucked in his cheeks, and the tightly crossed state of his legs… “You look a little uncomfortable…” Ethan commented.

“Just… Um… Need to stretch my legs,” James said. “Been sitting here for too long!”

Ethan gave him an odd look. He was positive that James needed to pee, and couldn’t figure out why in the world he wouldn’t just go. He knew it wasn’t because James was too disgusted by gas station toilets to use them, as he’d seen James use them many times before. And, he’d never known James to be shy about anything, especially not with him, so that couldn’t have been it, either.

Maybe he was having fun holding it? Was that it? Ethan understood James often enjoyed the sensation of a full bladder, but this was a tad risky. They weren’t at home, if something were to go wrong and James didn’t make it… The car’s seat would get wet, and James wouldn’t have anything to change into.

“You can go get some snacks then if you want, I guess,” Ethan said after a long pause. His own bladder had begun to throb with far more intensity now that he was close to a restroom. He’d try and figure out what was up with James once he had a clearer head.

The restroom at the gas station was even grosser than Ethan had been worried it would be. When he unzipped, he realized that he was unbelievably grateful to be able to pee standing up because he didn’t want any part of his body to have to come into contact with the filthy toilet; It looked as though many of the restroom’s previous occupants had “missed”. And not just with pee, either.

As he drained his bladder, he was unable to stop thinking about how James was obviously dying to trade places with him right now. He thought back over James’s behavior, and zeroed in on how embarrassed his partner seemed to get when Ethan mentioned how sure he was that James would also need a stop, and how defensive he’d gotten when insisting that he didn’t.

Maybe James’s small bladder was causing him to feel inadequate? Was that what this was about?

Perhaps it was. Ethan finished his pee and zipped up, and while he washed his hands he tried to think of what to do. He didn’t want James to push himself too far with this, whatever it was. But, he also didn’t want to offend James by telling him the jig was up and demanding he go pee before he had an accident.

As he exited the restroom and returned to the car where James was waiting, he’d thought he’d come up with a pretty good way to convince him to go. “Ahhh,” Ethan breathed exaggeratedly. “That was close!” It hadn’t been, really. He’d definitely needed to pee, but it hadn’t even approached becoming a true emergency. “Almost didn’t make it…” He turned to James. “Wow, you still don’t have to go?” he asked. “All that holding you’ve been doing at home must be paying off, you’re starting to be able to outlast me some of the time!”

James processed Ethan’s words as he scissored his legs and tried not to hold himself. In his mind, he was still being subtle with his desperation, but to anyone else he was doing a quintessential example of a pee-dance. “Y—Yeah,” James stumbled over his words, struggling to force them out past the raspy breaths that kept getting caught in his throat. Maybe it was okay to go now? Maybe he’d proven himself already?

But, no. If he didn’t try to last all the way to the museum, he’d never know if he could or not. He had to keep waiting. He wasn’t only trying to prove to Ethan that his bladder was strong, he was trying to prove it to himself as well.

After a few more seconds had passed without James admitting to his need and rushing from the car to handle it, Ethan asked; “You’re ready to go now?”

“Yes!” James exclaimed. The sooner they got back on the road, the sooner they’d get to the museum. And the sooner they got to the museum, the sooner James could pee! Every second they remained parked here was just another extra moment James had to contain his bladder.

“O—Okay,” Ethan said, beginning to drive once more. His eyes would continually flick over to James every time they stopped at a traffic light. James was whimpering and bouncing frantically in his seat, and Ethan realized he could even see a tender, swollen bump in James’s middle when his shirt began to ride up on him.

Ethan had seen this bump in his own body before, but never in James’s. He’d never seen James hold so much that the fullness of his bladder became visible. He’d never seen James’s abdomen distend as he fought to restrain his liquids. Ethan drove as fast as he was legally allowed to, hoping that they could reach their destination before James exploded, and that he’d actually use the toilet once they got there.

“Hurry…” James began to moan under his breath. “Hurry, hurry, ohhh, hurry up!”

“James…?”

“Huh?” James’s head snapped to face Ethan. He hadn’t realized he’d said that out loud… His bladder was quivering and shaking, and he pressed both hands into his groin as he began to dribble furiously into his boxers.

“Um… Are you okay?” Ethan asked.

“F-Fine!” James insisted. “How much further?”

“We’re very close,” Ethan promised. “Fifteen more minutes or so. We’ll be there soon.”

James tried to take steadying breaths, told himself that surely that would be soon enough. His bladder was thrashing, frantic with insane need, the dribbles kept coming and with each second they seemed to make louder and louder threats of their intent to turn into a real stream. A cold sweat had begun to roll down his back as he realized this had been a bad idea. An awful idea. A terrible idea. The worst idea in the history of ideas. He felt like he was going to have an accident; A real, full blown accident, right here in the car.

He twisted his legs back and forth, trying to find a way to sit that didn’t cause his seatbelt to compress his distended bladder. He had to hold it. He just had to hold it. He kept shifting restlessly, pinching his eyes shut, whimpering in the back of his throat and clenching his exhausted sphincters with all his might as his hands dug deeper and deeper against his dick.

Ethan knew exactly what the problem was, and reached over to pat James’s thigh. “We’ll be there soon, okay? I promise. It will be alright. You are… Um… Feeling carsick? Hungry?”

“Nnnh, I don’t know!” James replied, shaking his head frantically. “I just— I need us to be there now!”

“I’ll help you,” Ethan promised. “We’re nearly there, and you’ll feel better.”

After a few more turns, they made it to their destination. Ethan parked the car as close to the building as he could. He hoped the restroom would be close to the entrance. He hoped James would use it. “We’re here,” Ethan announced. “You made it!”

James sucked in a sharp breath, then hissed the air out through his teeth. He’d made it. He’d made it. He’d made it! A quick glance to the clock told him it had been over four hours since his last pee; Four hours! He’d never held it four hours before!

When he released his seatbelt from the vice-grip it had had over his bloated middle, it felt like he’d entered Heaven. When he tried to stand up and get out of the car, it felt like he plunged straight into Hell. He clutched his cock tighter and tighter as he felt a stream begin to ripple down his leg. He was peeing! “Nnnh! Ethan!” James whimpered. “I— I have to pee really bad all of the sudden! Please, find me somewhere!?”

If ‘all of the sudden’ meant ‘for the past four hours’, then James would be telling the truth. Still, Ethan didn’t call him on it. “It’s okay, James,” Ethan promised. “I’ll help you.” He helped James steady himself and walk inside as fast as his quivering legs and drippy bladder would allow. Once in the entryway, Ethan’s eyes darted all around, until they fell on a door with a blue stickman. While he drug James in that direction he hoped that either the restrooms could be used before a person bought their ticket, or at the least that no one saw them heading over there before purchasing one.

But, they were stopped by an employee just as they got within a few feet of the door. “Hey, the restrooms are for customers.”

Ethan didn’t really want to do what he did next, but he badly wanted to rescue James from at least a little of the embarrassment. So, he began holding himself as well. It felt strange to grip onto his crotch and dance in place when he didn’t actually feel any real need to pee. “W—We’re going to buy tickets afterwards, I promise. Just— We had such a long drive coming out here, it’s an emergency. I’m really sorry.”

She gave him a somewhat sympathetic look. “Okay,” she said. “Just, if anyone asks, tell them I made you buy your tickets first.”

James jiggled in place, unable to thank the woman. Unable to make his mouth work anymore.

“Th—Thank you,” Ethan sighed out. “You have no idea how much you’re helping us.”

A split second later, James was pushing his way past Ethan and shoving through the door with his shoulder, both hands still clutching his cock that had completely refused to stop dribbling. Ethan followed him, worried that he’d lose it in the last few seconds.

But, in the split second it took Ethan to open the door to the restroom and step inside, James had somehow managed to already unzip his pants and begin hosing down the first urinal he’d seen. As Ethan set foot into the room, his ears were overcome by the thunderous splashing of liquid against porcelain, and the loudest moan Ethan had ever heard.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh….!”

Ethan gave his own sigh of relief. James had made it. Thank goodness. But… Ethan glanced around the room a few more seconds, thankful that it seemed to be empty of any other people. He found himself feeling rather protective of James in that moment; He didn’t want anyone else to hear his moaning, those sounds were for him, no one else.

“That feel good?” Ethan asked.

James just moaned again, slightly softer than the first time. ‘Good’ was an extreme understatement. It felt like he was having the best orgasm of his life, and that it was just going on and on and on.

He’d made it that whole drive, he really had! He’d done it! He really could hold it for longer periods when he really tried. It wasn’t easy, but he was capable of it after all.

“Wow…” Ethan said after about a minute had passed. “I’ve… Never seen that much come out of you before. Almost done?”

James took a few seconds to assess how he was feeling. His bladder still felt full and stretched. He didn’t think he’d be finished for quite a bit. “I really, really had to go…” he said.

“Yeah, that’s pretty obvious…”

James’s stream finally began to dwindle, and after a few more seconds, he was at last all dried out. He’d been counting seconds in his head, and he’d almost surpassed the two minute mark! He was stunned that he’d managed to do that. He’d known he’d needed to go unfathomably badly, but never would have imagined he could actually hold such an immense quantity.

He turned around to Ethan, “Ahhh, all better!” he said.

Ethan smiled. He wanted to scold James, to demand to know why he’d done that to himself… But, that relaxed look on his face, and the beaming grin he gave… It was so adorable that Ethan couldn’t find it in him to be upset.

*043*2022-02-10 17:54

As the movie finally concluded and the credits began to scroll across the massive screen, James shot to his feet like his chair had suddenly caught fire. He looked at the massive drink that had been resting in his cupholder through the whole show and cursed himself for drinking the whole thing when he knew how quickly soda moved through him.

He’d expected having to take a pee-break during the film and assumed that apart from missing a few minutes of the story, it wouldn’t be a big deal. Sure enough, about halfway through, he was squirming and wriggling all over the place, and decided it was time to take care of his need. He’d walked to the restrooms as briskly as he could and already felt a bit relieved when he saw the sign pointing him in their direction. He rushed that way as fast as he could, envisioning himself bursting through the door, unzipping at the urinal, and letting his body do what it needed to do without any reservation.

That fantasy was cruelly torn from his grasp when he noticed the door to the men’s room was held open by a large yellow wagon filled with cleaning supplies, and next to that was a triangular plastic sign designating that the room had been closed for cleaning.

James bounced in place and clenched his thighs tightly together, struggling to regain control after his bladder had been teased by the idea of imminent relief. To know that he’d been so close to a toilet only to have his access to it denied at the last second made his urgency multiply. He’d needed to double over and squeeze his cock as he rocked in place and begged his body not to give up the battle. “E—Excuse me?” he said softly, looking over the wagon. “Will this be long?”

“I just got started,” a disgruntled woman replied to him. “Gonna be a while.”

A soft whine shook through James’s throat. He didn’t have ‘a while’. He was certain he was going to flood his pants if he didn’t have a urinal in front of him very soon. “Nnnh… Could you wait a minute and let me go first? I promise I’ll be fast!”

“Not happening,” the woman sighed. “I’m not gonna spend my shift in here smelling what you do in one of the toilets.”

“I just have to pee!” James begged.

“I’m not cleaning a urinal that you literally just used.”

“I— It’s an emergency, ma’am! I’m really sorry, I just—“

“I don’t care. Hold it like an adult, or go find somewhere else. This isn’t my problem.”

James ground his teeth together as twinges and pulses flamed through his abdomen. He wished Ethan had come out here with him. Ethan didn’t allow people to speak to James that way or treat him poorly. Ethan would know the right combination of words to use to get James into that room before he exploded.

Perhaps her second suggestion was a better option? He could leave the theater and go out into the main area of the shopping mall. Surely, he’d find another restroom there. But… Ethan was waiting for him back where he’d been sitting… And, he’d already been gone too long. Ethan would worry, and it wasn’t as though James could text him and explain where he’d gone…

So, that was why James had ended up holding it in until the end of the movie. That was why he’d spent the last half unable to concentrate on any of the plot, and barely able to hear any of the dialogue. That was why, when Ethan had reached over to grab his hand, he’d whimpered because he’d wished he could keep it clamped around his cock.

But, at last, the movie was over, and as Ethan stood up beside James, James blurted out; “I have to pee so bad!!” And, now that the lights were on, Ethan didn’t exactly need to be told that. James was half doubled over on himself, his fingers desperately pinching his opening shut and his legs coiled up on one another.

“You could have gone a second time,” Ethan started to say. “I would have told you what you missed while you were—“

“I didn’t even go the first time!” James said. “The restroom was closed for cleaning, and she wouldn’t let me go even though I told her it was an emergency!”

Ethan bit the inside of his cheek, his gaze flicked down to the enormous cup James had drained early on in the movie, and knew that this wasn’t good. He wanted to ask James why in the world he hadn’t just looked for a different restroom, but it was obvious there wasn’t any time to waste on discussion. “It’s okay,” he said soothingly. “They should be done cleaning it by now.” He put an arm around James’s shoulders and led him from the theater, and down the hall to the restrooms.

The same sign was there. It was still closed. James gave a loud anguished moan as he scrambled in place. The gravity of standing up and walking after sitting for so long had caused the pressure he was under to almost triple. “Ooooooh,” he whined. “I have to tinkle soooo much!”

“Okay,” Ethan said, trying to keep the worry from his own voice. “It’s okay. This is a big mall, I’ll find you somewhere else to go. I promise.”

“I can’t hold it,” James whimpered. He could not unstick his hands from his crotch, could not stop stomping his feet, could not stop shifting his hips.

“You can,” Ethan said. “I’ll find you somewhere. You’ll make it.” He led James through the theater as quickly as he dared, and then they were in the main mall. Earlier in the day, James had been babbling and pointing out shop displays that interested him.

But now, apart from whimpers and moans, James was silent. All he could think about was the tight, painful bump in the center of his body.

Ethan looked all around their immediate vicinity, seeing no signs designating a restroom. Nor did he see a map display that could help point them in the right direction.

James bobbed up and down, “Ethan!” he exclaimed. “I—Ahhh!” he cried out in surprise as a long, long, long spurt of urine began to trickle down his leg. “I’m going!”

Ethan wished James would speak a little softer, but even if his partner had been whispering, his body language was obvious enough that anyone who saw him would be under no illusions as to what he was experiencing.

Ethan rubbed James’s trembling, tense shoulders. “You’ll make it. You can make it,” he kept repeating. “Let’s… Let’s try this way…” he started to lead James off in a random direction, already having decided that he was going to just dive into the first store he saw and demand an employee tell him where he could find a restroom.

James tried to follow him, but every time one of his feet struck the ground, another spurt drooled its way into his clothing. They weren’t small spurts, either. They were huge. He could hear them hissing into the material of his boxers, and the fabric encasing his length had become alarmingly damp. He couldn’t make the dribbles and leaks stop coming, either. They were constant.

Already, a dark patch had begun to form over the crotch of his white pants, spreading down his legs and dripping around his ankles. No matter what Ethan had said, James was most definitely not making it. The best he could hope for now was to minimize the size of his accident, to get as much of his urine into a toilet as he could.

Ethan barged into a store, leaving James waiting just outside it. Before the cashier could say a word, Ethan was talking at her; “Where is the closest restroom?”

“Oh…” She said. “I don’t know. I just started working here.”

“Is there anyone here who would know!?” Ethan demanded, annoyed.

“Just me,” She informed. “Sorry.”

Frustrated, Ethan turned on his heel and stormed out.

“Soon?” James pleaded, his eyes big and watery on his face.

“Yes, soon,” Ethan said. “I just… I need to find a map or something. Then, you can go.”

James whimpered, he’d already started going several minutes ago, just nowhere near as much as he needed to.

James kept dancing, knowing the timer in his body was dangerously close to hitting zero. His hands were slick with wetness now, his clutching wasn’t doing anything to impede his pee anymore. Still, he tried to follow Ethan, hoping that his partner would lead him to relief.

It felt like hours were passing, but James knew that realistically it had only been two minutes at most since Ethan had angrily exited that store.

Ethan suddenly gripped James’s wrist, which had been firmly pressing itself into his crotch. “Found it!” Ethan said breathlessly, gesturing out to a couple doors tucked away between two stores. James’s eyes settled themselves onto the blue symbol affixed to one of them.

At most, it was only half a minute away from where James was currently hobbling. He felt a strange combination of dazed and frantic as he tried to pick up his pace, tried to make it that last little bit, tried to tell himself he could hold the rest of his urine inside his bladder until he finally got himself to the correct place.

Another pulse shot through his abdomen, and it activated something akin to a fight or flight response in his mind; He tried to break into a run.

That was a mistake.

Attempting to increase his pace caused the most intense spasm through his body that he’d ever felt in his life. He heard more hissing, felt more heat pooling in his clothes around his cock. He kept trying. Just a few more steps, please!

But, he couldn’t take those few last steps.

He froze stock-still, as all his leaky spurts joined together to form a massive, cascading waterfall of a stream. The hissing intensified, and seemed implausibly loud to his ears. He felt the warm jet soaking him thoroughly, one of his pant legs was so drenched it felt like he’d tripped and fallen into a lake. The heavy, soggy sensation grew and grew as his body succumbed to his need; His sphincters forgetting their purpose, and his bladder tearing itself open. A puddle began to form beneath his feet, spreading out across the linoleum floor.

He felt tears start to come to his eyes as he realized that he’d lost, completely. He just kept staring at the door to the restroom as his body forcibly performed a task that could have been completed correctly had he just been able to handle a few extra steps.

As his stream started to fade away, the tears did not. He sniffed harshly, as he allowed them to fall down his cheeks. He kept standing there, almost in shock, for a few seconds after he’d finished. He turned around, wanting to run away somewhere and hide, but found Ethan had come to stand right behind him, shooting everyone who passed by them and stared a look that should have left them six feet under. And, instead of running, James collapsed against Ethan and let himself cry, burying his face in his partner’s shoulder, clinging to him and apologizing over and over. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry! I’ve embarrassed you! I’m so sorry!”

Ethan rubbed his back and shushed him, “Shhhh… You did not,” he promised. “I’m sorry. I promised to find you somewhere to go in time, and I didn’t.”

James sniffled, rubbing his teary face against Ethan’s shoulder, “You tried your best…”

“And you did, too,” Ethan assured. “You fought that as hard as you could, it’s okay.”

James pulled back with one more choked, sobbing sound. “I just— It was too much,” he whimpered. “I needed to go so bad, and it hurt, and I couldn’t—“

“It’s okay,” Ethan repeated. “Go wait in the restroom for a minute, I’ll go buy you some pants to change into from one of the stores. Everything will be alright.”

James wiped beneath his eyes, “Th—Thank you…” he said quietly.

“Look at it this way; That cleaning lady who wouldn’t let you use the restroom? Well, now she has to mop up the mess she caused.”

James cracked a smile, “That’s not very nice, Ethan.”

“Well, neither is she.”

“Heh…”

*045*2022-02-11 18:07

Ethan had never needed to worry about wetting the bed when he was a child. But, that was before the nightmares had started, back before he was mugged. Before then, he’d only had the occasional bad dream about being chased down by wild animals, or falling from a great height. The sorts of bad dreams everyone got from time to time, and typically didn’t result in soggy sheets and wet pajamas.

After he was mugged, and everything that had surrounded it, things changed. When he had a bad dream, it wasn’t something wholly invented by his imagination, but instead a point by point recreation of an event that had actually taken place. Sometimes, during his dreams, his brain was aware that the event he was reliving was supposed to be over, that he wasn’t supposed to be in that place anymore. But, even as these thoughts filtered through his dream-world, he could not wake himself up and make it stop.

And, often, he’d wake up with a pounding heart to find he’d relieved his bladder all over himself. James was kind to him about it, assuring him that it happened sometimes; James had wet the bed a lot growing up, and occasionally even as an adult. But, James’s words didn’t help much. Just… After going his entire childhood with nothing but dry nights— Never any need for rubber sheets, absorbent underpants or alarms— Ethan found it remarkably shameful that he’d suddenly develop this problem well into adulthood.

He tried the usual suggestions; Cutting off fluids after a certain point in the evening, making sure he emptied his bladder before crawling into bed, and even setting an alarm so he’d wake up partway through the night to go again. But, those things didn’t work; His problem was not physiological, there was nothing wrong with his bladder or the muscles that controlled it, it was not filling up too much in the night. Ethan’s problem was completely psychological; He knew it must have been when, following another horrid nightmare, he’d woken up wet again, but there had been so little urine actually in his bladder that it had barely managed to soak all the way through his pajamas.

Having less water at dinner, making sure his bladder was dry as a bone before bed, and trying to wake himself up at night would not fix the issue. Because, he was only wetting himself out of terror of something that now only existed within his own mind. The only thing the ‘methods’ helped to ensure was that, if he did have a nightmare, the resulting mess would be a little smaller.

James had bought some pads for Ethan to sleep on top of, and Ethan hated the crinkly feeling of them underneath him as he tried to fall asleep. He hated how the boxes they came in were all geared towards either really small children, or the elderly. He hated that he had to cart around memories in his brain that caused him to lose control of his body.

James comforted him after every nightmare, after every accident; “It’s okay, Ethan,” James would say softly. “It’s over now, you’re safe here with me. And, I don’t care that the bed’s wet, you just got scared, and it’s okay. You’re okay.”

Ethan would fight down tears of frustration every time he yanked the sheets from the bed, every time he stripped off his sodden pajamas. Even James’s kind words failed to make him feel that much better.

One night, James was woken by Ethan’s thrashing. James was a light sleeper, it didn’t take much to get him up… But, the way Ethan was tossing and turning like a tornado, his brow scrunched and fists clenched, it would have woken up anyone. James knew that he must have been having a particularly awful nightmare this time, as usually he didn’t flail.

James didn’t know if it was okay to wake someone in the middle of a nightmare, but he wanted to offer Ethan some comfort, so flung an arm around his partner’s floundering body. Ethan was shuddering and trembling, and felt cool to the touch. “Shhh…” James whispered softly, hoping to break through to the horrific dreamworld Ethan was stuck inside of.

Ethan began to go a little stiller, he pushed himself into James, and his eyes began to crack open… Then, flew wide while a hand reached down to grip his member. As he adjusted to the waking world, he’d realized that his bladder was in the process of emptying. His hand managed to stem the tide, but he was unsure how long that would last. Cutting himself off mid-flow had made his holding muscles start burning.

“Bad dream?” James asked.

“Nnnh, yes,” Ethan whimpered. His thighs flexed, squeezing around his clutching hand. The thing about needing to pee really badly was that it made a person wake up fast. “I think you got me up just in time…” He pulled himself into a sitting position, and his other hand quickly joined the first. He even tried to push his foot up against his crotch as he sat cross-legged in the bed. He needed to get to the restroom, but he couldn’t see a thing. “James, I need my glasses!”

“They’re right next to you, silly,” James started to say. “Just—“

“I can’t move my hands!” Ethan admitted.

James smiled softly. If circumstances were different, if Ethan wasn’t dealing with trauma induced night-terrors and bedwetting, he would have found the fact that his partner couldn’t let go of his leaky cock for two seconds to get his own glasses ridiculously cute.

James stood and came around to the other side of the bed, picked the glasses off the nightstand and slid them onto Ethan’s pink face. He was chewing his lip, eyes scrunched tightly shut… And… Well, circumstances be damned, he just looked adorable as Hell.

“Thank you!” Ethan said graciously, gingerly getting to his feet and stumbling from the room. He continued to feel drips of liquid pulse into his palms, but was determined not to have a full-blown accident now that he’d actually woken up in time to prevent it for once. Finally at the toilet, he ignored the fiddly button of his pajama pants and just yanked them down instead. The garment pooled around his ankles as a hissing spray of liquid erupted from Ethan’s tip and splashed into the toilet. Jeez, that was so much better… He sighed quietly through his nose as he tried to catch his breath.

Once he was emptied and had pulled his pants back up, he sighed again. But, not with relief or elation. Sure, he’d been able to avoid a wet bed this time, but what about the next? James wouldn’t be able to wake up and figure out Ethan was in the midst of a nightmare every time it happened. And, it was not as though he could expect James to just never, ever sleep and instead stay up and watch Ethan for signs of distress. Ethan knew that, no matter what, he would never be freed from his newfound nocturnal issues.

The next morning, James wanted to discuss it once more. Ethan was fed up with ‘discussing’ it. He knew there was no longer anything to discuss. Nothing would fix this. But then, James mentioned; “When I started to hold you while you were still asleep, your body and face looked a lot more relaxed. I don’t really know how dreams work—“

“Nobody really does,” Ethan said. “In fact, we’re not even totally sure why people have dreams at all. It’s kind of fascina—“

“BUT,” James cut in. “Maybe there’s a chance that being able to feel me touching you helps you feel safe, like, subconsciously?”

“I don’t know,” Ethan said. “Like I told you, very little is known about dreams and what the brain actually does while the body is asleep. Maybe my subconscious mind can recognize your touch, and maybe it can’t. But what does this have to do with my… Um… ‘Problem’?”

“I was just thinking that, since you only have that ‘problem’ because you’re getting scared, then that means all you need to make it stop is to feel less scared, right?”

“Yes,” Ethan said. “But, even if people don’t understand dreams, we do know that it’s incredibly difficult to control them. Some do have the ability to lucid dream— That’s when you are aware that you’re asleep and can command what happens like you’re directing a film—“

James sighed, “Come on, Ethan… You don’t have to go all ‘professor’ on me, I wasn’t telling you to try and control your dreams. All I meant was that if me holding you made you less scared last night, maybe it will keep working?”

“So, you’re suggesting you… What, spoon with me all night every night?” Ethan laughed.

“You say that like it’s gonna be a chore,” James snorted. “I’d spoon with you 24/7 if it wouldn’t make it hard to walk around.”

Ethan blushed. No matter how long he and James had been together, he still couldn’t believe that there existed a person that could love him so much. “I guess we could try that. But, if it doesn’t work and I still end up… And we’re that close together, then—“

“I won’t care,” James said. “Remember the time we were stuck in the elevator, and I just hugged you while you had an accident?”

Ethan looked away, totally red in the face.

“I didn’t mind it then,” James said. “And, I won’t mind it if it happens again. But, I really think this will help.”

That night, they tried it. James put his arms around Ethan and cuddled him so close it looked as though he were trying to fuse their bodies together. The two drifted off to sleep like that, and when morning came, Ethan was dry.

James celebrated, certain that meant this had worked. But, then Ethan said that he hadn’t had a bad dream to start with, so it was too soon to know for sure. The next few nights, Ethan’s dreams were free of terror as well. “Maybe me holding you is stopping you from having nightmares at all!” James suggested.

Ethan hoped that was true, but doubted it.

About a week into the experiment, Ethan finally did have a nightmare. In his dream, he was reliving one of the worst things that had ever happened to him, he felt terror seizing his veins and adrenaline pumping through his body. But, in some part of his brain, some distant, quiet part of it, he felt a strange sense of comfort…

When he woke up, his heart was pounding like it always did after a bad dream. He quickly felt between his legs, finding the area… Totally dry! James’s eyes cracked open when he felt Ethan moving around. “Did you have a—“

“I did have a nightmare,” Ethan admitted. “But, I didn’t ‘go’. I think you were right; This does work.”

James beamed, “Yay!” he exclaimed, and he pulled Ethan back against his body. “I hope it keeps working! I hated seeing you so stressed and upset about all the accidents— Even when I kept saying they were nothing to be ashamed of. But, I mean, I get it. It’s real embarrassing to do it when you’re older, especially if—“

“James,” Ethan whimpered, shimmying his hips a little. Since he hadn’t peed at any point during his nightmare, his bladder was still containing everything that had accumulated since the previous night.

James just kept babbling and squeezing onto him. “And, now that I know how to make you feel safe, I bet you’ll never have that happen ever again! But, if it does, try not to feel bad, it’s really okay, but—“

“James!” Ethan said once more, louder this time.

“What is it?”

“I have to go!” Ethan said, wriggling in James’s grasp.

James paused, and realized that he needed the restroom pretty badly as well. “Oh,” he laughed. “Sorry… Let’s go pee, then.”

After an incredibly relieving pee—Not just because he’d needed to let it out badly, but because he’d managed to keep it inside of himself all night long— Ethan gave James an overdue hug. “Thank you,” he said. “I think you really did find the answer…”

*046*2022-02-12 17:51

“What are some other times where you had to go really bad?” James asked.

Ethan smiled and looked away. Ever since he’d learned of his partner’s interest in desperation, he’d recounted quite a few of the occasions during which he’d been caught short. He’d told James about having an accident during a long car drive, barely making it home when the restroom at a movie theater had been out of order, and one particularly humiliating instance of desperation at an airport. He’d told James many, many stories, and James had witnessed Ethan in urgent situations first-hand several times, yet he never tired of hearing more of them.

“Okay,” Ethan said. “I was kind of silly in this one, but here goes.”

He proceeded to tell James about when he’d first moved into his dorm room in college. The whole floor shared one restroom, and it had been weird waking up in the middle of the night to go, and have to put on shoes so his feet wouldn’t get dirty if someone happened to have ‘missed’ at one of the urinals. It was a bit of a hassle, and it was so hard to go back to sleep afterwards; The lights in the restroom were so bright, and messing with his shoes would wake him up too much.

So, his second night in the dorm, when he woke to a slight thrumming in his bladder, he just turned over and tried to go back to sleep. He’d handle his need in the morning, he told himself. But, when morning came it was apparent that everyone on his floor had chosen to do the same thing. Even if mens’ room lines were generally rather quick, Ethan was scared about being late during his very first week of classes. So, rather than joining the line, he just took off in the direction of his class. He’d heard that a professor could make or break a student’s chances at passing at a class if they disliked them for any reason, and tardiness could easily provide such a reason.

There was no way Ethan would risk getting off on the wrong foot with one of his instructors. And, in high school, if he’d ever been late all of his classmates would turn and stare at him and it would just be so embarrassing.

Ethan was independent now; He lived on his own. He was an adult. And, an adult would never allow themselves to be late to something important purely because they wanted to empty their bladder. He would go later.

He held onto that idea up until the moment he sat down in his first class. The cold, hard fist of reality clenched itself around his bladder. He didn’t just want to empty his bladder, he NEEDED to. ‘Okay,’ he told himself. ‘This is fine.’ He’d started classes in high school with a bit of an urge to pee, and he’d always been able to hold it until break.

He knew this lecture was going to be much longer than any of his classes in high school had been, but that was no big deal. He could still wait it out. But, uncomfortable memories began to surface for him; Memories of times where he’d bolted down the halls of his high school, a hand already at his zip so that he could easily yank it down the instant he’d gotten to a urinal.

But, he reminded himself, while all those incidents had been deeply unpleasant, none of them had ever ended with an accident. And… Why was he thinking about having an accident, anyway? He. Was. An. Adult. Adults did not have accidents, especially not so soon after leaving their mothers’ homes for the first time. He knew he was gonna have to learn how to do his own laundry in the coming days, but he really hoped that this didn’t end up being the reason for his first attempt.

As the professor began the class, Ethan crossed his legs at the ankles and rubbed them against one another. He had severely underestimated exactly how badly he already needed to go; As hard as he tried to focus on the professor, his mind became filled instead with plans of escape.

Like a moron, even though the room was huge he’d decided to take a seat right in the front. He couldn’t just sneak out without the professor noticing. He knew from high school that he needed to get permission from his instructor before he could leave the room and find a place where he could vacate his poor, throbbing bladder.

He wasn’t about to interrupt the professor while he was speaking, though. He’d wait for a break in the man’s speech, then request a pass to use the restroom. He only had to hold it until then, and he’d be as apologetic about the situation as he could be.

Partway through the class, Ethan was folded over in his seat, his hands digging into his crotch. Every time he moved his body even just the slightest bit, waves of boiling need would slosh viciously through his abdomen. This was a mistake. This was an enormous mistake. He should have taken his chances with being late if it would have saved him from having to restrain such a vast ocean within his poor, quivering body.

His mind kept replaying memories to him, memories of how good peeing felt. It was like his brain had put on an endless clipshow of every pee he’d ever taken in his life, trying to remind him of how wonderful the feeling was. But, he’d always crash back down into the burning, throbbing pain in his midsection.

And, the professor still hadn’t paused for even a second! He’d been talking the whole time, with no break, no chance for Ethan to ask for permission. And, Ethan was unsure that, if the professor ever did stop talking for a moment, if he’d be able to move either of his hands away from his crotch long enough to raise it.

A cold sweat broke out all down his neck as he imagined what it would be like to pee his pants right in the front row. If he’d been worried that a little lateness would cause his professor to hate him, what would pissing all over one of the chairs do? He could see it so clearly, one of the tyrannical throbs constantly pounding through his bladder would pulse just slightly more strongly than he could handle. Liquid would trickle from his tip in an uncontrollable spray. It would begin pooling over his thighs, spreading out beneath him to coat the chair. Then, it would all be trickling down his legs, spurting to the floor with an absolutely deafening hiss that commanded the full attention of everyone around him. Ethan would forever be known as the guy who’d had an accident during his first week of college, without a single drop of alcohol even being involved.

The images were so vivid and intense that chills of fear went up his spine, and he clutched himself as hard as could. He gripped his poor member so tightly it started to hurt, his eyes clenched shut, his teeth dug into his lip as he tried to just focus on holding it in and breathing. He couldn’t comprehend anything more than that. He probably wouldn’t even be able to tell someone what his name was anymore. If someone asked, instead of answering, all he’d be capable of saying would be “I HAVE TO PEE!”

He couldn’t take it anymore! He exerted as much pressure from one of his hands as he could manage and shakily brought the other one upwards as it twitched and spasmed with need.

The professor noticed him quickly, at least that was one good thing about being in the front row. “Yes, what is—“

“May I please use the restroom!?” Ethan choked out around the tight bands of pressure in his body. “I’m terribly sorry, I just—I’m bursting, and—“

“This isn’t high school,” the professor interrupted. “And you’re an adult. You don’t have to ask, you can just go.”

He… Hadn’t even needed to ask. All that time spent suffering and working up the nerve to interrupt, and it had all been pointless. Why hadn’t anyone explained that at orientation? Shouldn’t they have realized that, after years of being conditioned to ask for a toilet pass when in a classroom, that new students would just naturally assume the same thing still applied here?

There was a bit of chuckling from some of his classmates, and Ethan felt like his skin was made of fire. Okay, so maybe there was a chance now he wouldn’t be known as the guy who pissed himself at college, but he would definitely be known as the one that told a lecture hall full of people that he was gonna explode.

He forced himself out of his seat, and had to walk almost entirely doubled over to the door. He couldn’t stand up straight if his very life depended on it. The ball of tension in his core was spasming with new vigor each step he took.

It was not easy for poor Ethan to walk down the halls with his legs crossed, and when he realized that with this being his first week and everything, he had no clue where the toilets were situated, he felt his panic grow. He began to mutter to himself, without even realizing he was doing so; “Ohhh, I can’t hold it, I can’t hold it, I can’t hold it!” He finally registered that he’d spoken out loud when he noticed a passerby staring at him. She was an older woman and he blushed and silenced himself once he’d noticed her gaze.

“Hey,” she said. “You’re… Looking for a restroom?”

“Yes,” Ethan whimpered out. “Please, tell me you know where one is?” He’d never felt so embarrassed. These were supposed to be his first few moments of independence, but instead he was doing an incredibly vocal pee-dance and begging some woman he didn’t even know for directions to a toilet.

“Turn left at the end of this hall, then right at the end of the next, and the restrooms will be on the left about halfway down.”

Ethan could barely huff out a delirious sounding “Thanks,” before rushing as quickly as he dared in the indicated direction. “Hold it,” he mumbled to himself. “Hold it, just hold it!” When he saw the door for the mens’ room, he almost shed a tear. Almost there. He could make it. He was already working his zip as he pushed the door open with his shoulder.

The sinks were directly across from the door, and for a blisteringly needy second he nearly just ran to one of them to unleash his flood. A few more shaky, hobbling steps, however, and he was able to locate the urinals he needed. He didn’t think he’d ever moved so quickly in his life, but even so he still ended up gushing a bit into the palms of his hands before he’d actually reached the correct place.

Once it registered that he was stood at a urinal, that his zip was down and that he was aimed properly, the little dribbles gave way to a torrential deluge of liquid relief, so powerful that it tore a visceral moan from his lips. “Ohhhhhhhh…” He blushed at the noise, but he couldn’t control his mouth any better than he could control his bladder. His holding muscles were just so exhausted after the marathon of abuse he’d put them through, as they finally slackened and his urine sprayed unabated, he felt like he’d fall over from the sheer pleasure of it all.

Once the onslaught of piss came to a startlingly abrupt halt, Ethan gave one more push to make sure he was actually empty before zipping up and trying to catch his breath. He felt so much lighter he wouldn’t have been surprised if he was suddenly able to float through the air.

Still, the embarrassment remained with him. Hopefully, he wouldn’t have to see that woman again after all of that…

“So, that’s how I almost pissed my pants right after I started college,” Ethan concluded.

“Aw,” James said. “I wish I could have been there. I bet you were so cute squirming around at your desk like that… Did you ever see that woman again?”

Ethan nodded and looked away; “Unfortunately, she turned out to be one of my professors.”

James laughed, “Oh no. Was that awkward?”

“For a bit,” Ethan said. “I was in her class later that same day, and she… Kinda asked me if I’d found the restroom okay and if I was feeling better. So, that was a little embarrassing.”

“Oh, she probably just thought you were cute,” James said. “I don’t think anyone could ever see you dancing around like that and NOT find it adorable.”

*047*2022-02-13 18:10

“Ethan,” James said from Ethan’s side. Both his hands were pressed against his crotch as he crossed his legs back and forth. “I have to tinkle so bad.”

Ethan blushed at James’s word choice. Normally he found it cute when his partner said he needed to ‘tinkle’, but not right now. It was reminding Ethan that he currently had to do the same thing very, VERY urgently. He’d wondered before what it would feel like to be out of his mind desperate while James felt the exact same way, and now he knew. He just wished it had happened somewhere that he had a little more control over the situation. “I know,” Ethan said. “Try to hold on a bit longer though, okay?”

“Okay,” James whimpered, his fingers were trying so hard to pinch his pee-hole closed, but he’d already leaked several times.

Ethan’s heart was clenching as tight as his straining pelvic muscles were. He wished he could pick James up and carry him to a toilet, unzip him and allow him to get the relief he needed. He wished he could hold James in his arms as he shuddered with relief, rubbing his stomach and telling him he did such a good job holding it and everything was okay now… He wished he could do all those things even more than he wished that HE could visit a toilet right now himself.

But, he couldn’t. He couldn’t do any of it.

James had insisted going to a ski lodge would be a great time. And, for a while it had been okay. Ethan had zero idea of how to ski, but he’d only gotten a little scraped up from all his falls. Nothing bad. And, eventually he got the hang of it a little better. He’d started to have fun then…

He wasn’t having fun now.

The ski lift they were on was stuck. They were way, way too high up to jump down without sustaining serious injuries. It was freezing. They’d been waiting for over an hour for the thing to start moving again. And they both had to pee like crazy.

James had been the first to suggest they just unzip and go over the edge, letting it flow into the snow so far beneath them. But, there was a security camera mounted on the pole just a little ahead of them, and it was pointed their way. Ethan didn’t really want to whip it out for some bored security guard to see, and once Ethan pointed the camera out to him, James didn’t want to either.

After more time had passed, and the five hot coffees Ethan had had to stave off the frigid temperatures began to demand to return to the world of the living, Ethan suggested throwing their skis at the stupid camera to break it. Then they could pee unmonitored. He’d said it half jokingly then, but now after an hour of constantly building discomfort, he actually really wanted to try doing that.

Ethan felt like he was currently holding back three times as much water as what currently existed on planet Earth. And the icy cold wind smacking him in the face was making him shudder, making his bladder contract with need. All of his shivering was causing the walls of his bladder to vibrate and forcing the urine inside it to press with more and more vigor against his trembling sphincter. “H—How much trouble would we get into if we break the stupid camera?”

“W—We can’t, Ethan,” James said. His voice was wobbling as his throat constricted. He hadn’t drank five coffees like Ethan had, but his small bladder didn’t like to go un-emptied for such long stretches of time regardless. “We’d have to pay for it, pr—probably, and— Ooooh, I hafta go!” James jiggled in his place. He was squirming so hard it was making the lift swing, which wasn’t very good for a person that was afraid of heights like Ethan.

Ethan didn’t tell James to stop, though. He knew that, realistically, James couldn’t stop. If he stopped moving, he’d pee his pants. But, every time the seat was jostled, every time Ethan felt it sway, or heard it squeak, icy fear pumped through his veins. And, on one of those occasions, he was startled badly enough to let a spurt of pee loose into his boxers. “Hnnn!”

“A—Are you okay?” James asked

“L—Leaked some,” Ethan admitted through his gritted teeth. At least, if this had to have happened, it was with James. Anyone else would tease him, or be disgusted by him, or a whole host of other bad reactions. But, James thought Ethan desperate to pee was one of the best versions of Ethan that existed.

“I’m s—sorry,” James said, and in spite of his own unfathomable desperation, he couldn’t keep his eyes off Ethan and the way his hands were kneading against his crotch. “I hope it’s fixed soon…” James whimpered a second later. “I… tinkled a little bit…” he informed.

“How bad do you need to go?” Ethan asked. “Scale of one to ten?”

“Nine,” James said.

Ethan winced, another spurt of pee involuntarily squeezing its way out of his body. He closed his eyes tight and squeezed his pelvic muscles with extreme force. He could feel moisture coating his thighs. “I think I’m about the same,” he said. Another spasm coursed through him at the admission, his bladder demanding to empty itself, Ethan fighting to keep it under control for a bit longer.

“We’re not gonna make it…” James whimpered out. He felt warmth flowing into his snow-pants as he tried to keep his hands pressed against his cock. It was just so difficult to get a decent grip through the thick material, especially since he was wearing gloves. “Are you sure th—the camera would even have a good view of our… stuff if we do it here?”

Ethan didn’t know. He just knew that he didn’t want to risk it. What if this counted as indecent exposure and they got in trouble? Another feeble whimper emanated past Ethan’s teeth as he explained his concerns.

“Th—They should understand that it’s an emergency,” James reasoned, his voice trembling.

Ethan thought that they really should, but he didn’t want to risk getting into legal trouble. He didn’t want an arrest record that said ‘Exposed himself to take a piss over the edge of a ski lift.’

“Oooh!” James squeaked with his eyes shut tight. “It’s a ten now!”

Ethan responded with a frustrated groan that quickly changed into a needy whine.

“I’m sorry, Ethan,” James said, every nerve in his abdomen tingling like electricity was running through him.

“It’s okay, I’m not mad at you, I’m just mad at… this,” Ethan said, tilting his head slightly to indicate the ski lift, his hands were too busy trying to turn themselves into makeshift corks between his legs. “And, yeah, a ten sounds about right…” he added softly.

“Can we just do it?” James asked.

“What!?” Ethan asked, wondering if he’d understood the other right.

“We’re not gonna make it,” James said. “Can we just go?”

“James, we can’t,” Ethan said. “The camera. Indecent exposu—“

“I meant… You know… Without any exposure…” James said.

“No,” Ethan protested, his hands still clamped around his cock as best as they could through all the layers of fabric he had on. “This lift doesn’t belong to us, we can’t make a mess of—“

“It’s metal, it will wipe off okay,” James said, his voice cracking with need. “E—Even if you don’t go here, I’m going to. I don’t even want to, I just—“ His voice began to tremble, his eyes stinging with tears. “I can’t hold it… I have to go pee so bad.”

Despite Ethan’s protestations, he knew James was right. He too was losing the battle against his bladder. He knew he’d only be able to hold onto his liquids for another five minutes at best, before his muscles gave up and he flooded the lift anyway. The pain in James’s tone also made Ethan’s heart ache. He didn’t want to put him through this any longer… “But, people will see. When we’re going back to the lodge, they’ll see we’re wet…”

James continued to cry, his hands wedged between his thighs in desperation. “I know,” he said. Even with his vision blurry, he could see the blush and the worry present on Ethan’s face. “But, at least if we both wet ourselves, neither of us will be alone, right?”

“That’s… That’s true,” Ethan agreed with a shaky voice. “But, could you watch me while I… While I go?”

“What?” James asked.

“It would make this a whole lot easier for me.”

“It would?” James asked in shock.

“Yes, instead of feeling like I’m just having an accident, I’ll feel like I’m doing something for— Nnnnh!” Ethan winced again, his sphincters reaching the absolute limits of their strength holding back his urine. “Something for you!”

His teeth grinding together and his legs twisting with urgency, James nodded, “Okay. I’d—I’d love to watch!”

“Thank you,” Ethan said, releasing his hands from the death grip they’d had on his dick. “Watch me, then. I can’t hold it anymore.”

James took his hands out from between his legs, his bladder instantly spurting into his pants. He felt the warmth pooling between his thighs, heard it hissing loudly into his snow-pants. “Phew,” James exhaled. He took Ethan’s hand. “I’m tinkling, you can start whenever you feel like it.”

James’s touch on his hand sent a little thrill down Ethan’s spine. He was starting to actually feel a little excited by the situation. It wasn’t easy to go against years of conditioning and actively tell himself to pee into his clothes, but knowing that James didn’t find this even the least bit repulsive made him feel much better. Ethan breathed out gently and bore down on his pelvic muscles the tiniest bit.

That was all it took. All of his muscles began to tingle as they gave into relaxation, a jet of long held urine soaking into his pants. “Ahhhhh,” Ethan sighed out as immense relief overtook him. The sound of his pee hissing away joined the noise of James’s doing the same. Even with as thick as Ethan’s snow-pants were, they soon began to darken at the crotch, the stain spreading out across his thighs.

“Heh,” James giggled a little, the action causing his own flow to speed up and build in intensity. “You’re so cute…” He leaned in and gave Ethan a kiss as both of their bladders continued draining away.

Ethan felt so much warmer now, not just from the urine spreading outwards beneath him, but from James’s gentle hand and even softer lips. He murmured a relieved groan into James’s mouth while his pee kept gushing and gushing from his body. Ethan felt tingles of heat and pleasure rushing through his veins; He didn’t know if he’d ever felt anything better than this. The intense, all consuming relief of emptying his bladder after containing it for such a long time, the warmth flowing all around him, James’s caresses and kisses, and the knowledge that he was putting on such a wonderful show for him, all combined to form an incredible feeling within Ethan’s body.

James finished peeing a few seconds later, his abdomen now wonderfully flat and no longer throbbing with painful urgency. He sighed into Ethan’s mouth, continuing to kiss him, moving to rub his partner’s back as well. He pulled back for a second and asked; “All done?”

“Not yet,” Ethan admitted, breathless from the relief and from what James was doing to him. “I really, really had to go…”

James drew closer to snuggle against Ethan, now able to hear the hiss of his pee even more clearly. “I’ll say… Poor thing,” he nuzzled his head into Ethan’s chest. “You had to go real, real bad…”

Ethan stroked a hand against James’s side. “Ahhhh…” he sighed again, an intense shiver causing his body to shake as he let out the tail-end of his stream. “I’m finished. Thank you. You made me feel a lot better…”

“Heh, you’re welcome…” James smiled. “As soon as we can get off of this thing, we can go change.”

Ethan nodded. His pee had cooled off very quickly in the cold air and it was now a little uncomfortable to keep sitting in it. “Hopefully that doesn’t take too l—“

There was a loud noise and the lift began to move once more.

Ethan’s brows crinkled in dismay. “Oh, come on! Why couldn’t it have done that two minutes ago!?”

James sighed, “Well, look at it like this; We can get changed right away at least…”

*048*2022-02-14 17:31

Kenneth is from another of my fics (Guard, which you can find here.

), although I don't consider this scene "canon" to that fic since these are set in different time periods. I just needed someone to use for this plot and Kenneth was the best fit. And, hey, you're finally getting to see what Ethan's job is!

***

Ethan set aside his stack of papers and stood from his desk. His bladder had been nagging him for the past hour and a half, but he’d just been so busy he hadn’t had any time to empty it. He still had things to sort through, but his need was now so very prescient that his work was just gonna have to wait until after he’d emptied his bladder.

James watched his partner abruptly shoot to his feet and tried not to giggle at how cute he found the whole thing. He’d noticed Ethan tapping his feet quite a bit for at least the last hour, that adorable, subtle pee dance he always did when he was forcing himself to put his work ahead of his needs.

Ethan was a couple steps from the restroom when the door to his practice opened. It was the patient he was supposed to see for his next appointment. A very small, thin man who looked as though he didn’t really want to be there. He was accompanied by another man whom was whispering something into his ear.

It wasn’t uncommon for new patients to be reluctant about coming. Seeking therapy was unfairly stigmatized, and many viewed it as a personal failing to need help working through a problem. It wasn’t a failing, however. Asking for help was one of the strongest things a person could do, and Ethan would be sure to emphasize that to his new client. “O—Oh,” he said. “You are here early…” However, a look at the clock told him that the patient wasn’t actually early; Ethan had merely gotten so caught up in his tasks he’d failed to notice how much time had gone by. Just like how he’d failed to notice how full his bladder had gotten. “Strike that,” he said. “You’re right on time.” Even though his bladder was yelling at him to let it empty first, Ethan had a schedule to keep. “We can get started now, come back into the office.”

The man followed Ethan into the room. Ethan flicked on the fan that he used to help muffle the sound of his voice and that of his patient. He sat down in his chair and fought down a wince as his bladder was compressed by his belt. “So, you are Kenneth Paulson?” he asked.

“…Yes,” the man replied, looking down at his fingernails. It was so obvious he would rather be anywhere else. “And I’m only here because my par— Uh, friend wants me to talk to you about this… This really stupid thing. It’s not even a big deal.”

Ethan caught Kenneth’s little slip. The way he’d come so close to saying ‘partner’ only to correct it to ‘friend’ at the last second. That was something Ethan had experience with; Firsthand experience, at that. He too had spent years feeling ashamed of his sexual orientation, trying to change it, and thinking he was broken because of it. If that was what had brought Kenneth here, then Ethan felt confident he could help. Even if he was struggling to hold in his bladder the whole session…

“What is this thing?” Ethan asked. “Do you feel alright telling me?” Sometimes, a new patient wouldn’t say much of anything for the first few sessions, they needed time to get comfortable with Ethan and with the environment, they needed time to know that this was a safe place.

“It’s… Um…” Kenneth stammered. “It’s… Really, really, really dumb. You’re gonna laugh.”

“I don’t judge,” Ethan said. He crossed his legs, then quickly re-crossed them in the other direction. Wow. He REALLY had to pee… It was almost shocking how full he was. “I’m here to help you.”

“O—Okay,” Kenneth said. “It’s… It’s not a big deal, it’s just… Dwight says it’s bad for my health and stuff, and I… I just…” He trailed off and stopped speaking once more.

Ethan was a little more concerned now. The last time a patient had come to him because a loved one thought they had a problem that was damaging their health, the patient had been struggling with a very serious drug addiction. Addiction was a little bit more than Ethan could help with through talk-therapy, he’d needed to find the patient a specialized treatment center to get them back on their feet. “It’s okay,” he repeated. “You can tell me.”

“It’s… I mean… I… I have this thing,” Kenneth said. “When I… need to…” He mumbled something.

“Hm?”

“When I need to… Um… To… urinate…” Kenneth said softly. “It… It doesn’t… I can’t… ItJustWon’tComeOut…” he rushed through in one breath.

Ethan paused, shifting his hips. That was sounding more like a job for a MEDICAL doctor… Unless… “And, it is not an actual ‘blockage’, correct? You have never been diagnosed with a urethral stricture, no kidney stones, no—“

“No…” Kenneth said. “It’s… When I’m alone, then there’s no problem.”

Ethan pressed his thighs together as a pang of need rippled through him. “Ah,” he said. “So, when there are others around you while you are attempting to relieve yourself, what are you feeling?”

“I… Kind of nervous, I guess,” Kenneth said. “It won’t come out, and I know that they can tell. And, I know that if it DOES ever actually come out, they’ll hear it, and I just… It’s embarrassing.”

“Paruresis,” Ethan said. A couple of his past patients had suffered from it as well. And, while this was perhaps the LAST issue he wanted to discuss while nursing an uncomfortably full bladder, it was at least something that he already knew a bit about. “Or shy-bladder. It’s common. I have experience with it.”

Kenneth nodded, but didn’t say anything for a moment. “Yeah, I knew that was what it was called, I just… It’s embarrassing. It’s just peeing. I should be able to just… Do it. Everybody else, they just… Unzip and it all flows out, right? It’s easy for them, it just happens.”

Ethan tapped his feet, feeling a surge of liquid slamming into his sphincters, reminding him of how, for him, what Kenneth was saying was true. He did just need to unzip and let it flow out. And, if he didn’t do that soon, it really would ‘just happen’. He lowered his clipboard for a second so it concealed his lap. One hand crept over to rest against his inner thigh. “It is actually extremely common,” he said. “Paruresis is one of the most common forms of social anxiety behind the fear of public speaking. You are not alone in your problem, but I understand how it may feel that way to you.”

Kenneth nodded. “It… Does,” he admitted. “There have been all these times where I’m around other people, and they’re all able to go, but I just can’t do it. And, I end up… I end up… Uh… Really wanting to. It gets… urgent. And painful. And I can’t think of anything else. It… Hurts. I need to do… this ‘thing’ so badly, and I can’t, and the need gets worse and worse until it’s enough to make me want to scream.”

Ethan flinched at Kenneth’s embarrassed, stammering diatribe. Even with as awkwardly as Kenneth was phrasing things, his words were just evocative enough to make Ethan’s bladder swell and pinch. “That must be… difficult for you,” he said. “To have to endure that so often. How many times have you had an incident like this?”

Kenneth’s face turned bright red, “I… I don’t know. So many times. It’s just a part of what it feels like to be alive.”

Ethan’s heart clenched, and his bladder along with it. The idea of viewing painful levels of desperation as just a basic fact of life sounded like torture to Ethan. He remembered all the times he’d been caught short and found himself bursting with no way to relieve himself (Up to and including the dilemma he was in the midst of right now), and shuddered to think of having to feel that way every day of his life. “Do you remember any inciting incidents for this? Did you have frequent accidents as a child? Were you ever bullied while using the restroom? Did—“

“My… My Father,” Kenneth said. “He was— He was odd.”

“Are you comfortable telling me in what ways?”

“He was kind of… Er… I mean… I— I know that my Father was abusive, but I just don’t really know what parts were normal, and what parts weren’t,” he confessed.

Ethan kicked his feet out in front of himself, then drew them back in beneath his chair while he jiggled a little bit in place. “That’s common for victims of child abuse,” he said. “But, no part of an abusive relationship can ever truly be called ‘normal’ or ‘healthy’. Even moments where your Father may have shown you kindness would not have been examples of healthy, normal parenting because he would have swept the rug out from under you not long after. You would not have been able to feel secure or form a bond to your Father even during times when he was not violent with you, because he’d already shown himself to be a person whom you could not trust. Do you understand?”

“I… I guess,” Kenneth said.

“Did your Father punish you when you had accidents as a child?”

“Sort of…” Kenneth said. “It kind of started when I… I saw my Father do something really bad when I was seven. He didn’t want me to tell anybody, so he took out this old wooden box that padlocks shut, and he put me into that, and he wouldn’t let me out for a week He’d open it once a day to give me water, or to burn me and stuff. But, he wouldn’t let me out when I had to pee. And, I promise, I really tried to hold it, I tried so hard but I just couldn’t.”

Ethan flinched at the story as he wrote down the details. The self-blame Kenneth was expressing would definitely need to be addressed at some point.

“But, after that week, Father was really mad at me for… For peeing on myself so much, and so he said that I needed to be housebroken—“

“He used that exact word?”

“Yes,” Kenneth confirmed. “He said I had to be housebroken and taught to behave like a civilized human. So, when I had to pee, I had to get his permission. And a lot of the time he wouldn’t let me, and I’d keep trying to hold it, but I’d wet myself instead. When he did say I could go, he’d go in there with me to supervise, and he’d be yelling at me and pulling on my hair and all this stuff, and I wouldn’t be able to go because he was scaring me. He’d get mad at me if I couldn’t go, so he’d beat me until I wet myself for wasting his time, and… And so the only ways I could ever pee were if Father was asleep and I could sneak to the toilet, or if I had an empty bottle and he was far enough away from me. I guess that probably has something to do with my… Um… My problem?”

Ethan squeezed his thighs together, his bladder seemed to be throbbing out of pure sympathy now. He didn’t know where Kenneth’s father was (hopefully the man was just dead), but maybe that was a good thing, since otherwise Ethan may have found himself in jail for murder. There was nothing Ethan hated more than people who hurt children. Every day, he worked with people whom had been victimized during their childhoods in horrible ways and now struggled to cope with life as the smallest things could dredge up memories of their trauma.

“Yes,” he told Kenneth. “What your Father did to you was very wrong, it has definitely left you traumatized, and one of the ways that trauma has manifested for you is with your Paruresis.” This was going to make Kenneth’s treatment plan a little different than Ethan’s previous shy-bladder’d patients’ had been. For them, he’d used simple gradual exposure therapy, having them become comfortable in more private public toilets and working themselves up to more open ones. But, since Kenneth’s troubles were so clearly entrenched within his trauma, that was going to need to be worked through first; Treatment would not work without a solid foundation that addressed the root cause of the problem.

“Is there anyone you are comfortable with having near you while you ‘go’?” he asked. As he said the word ‘go’, his bladder resumed its frenzied spasming. His hand moved from his inner thigh to press against his dick instead.

“Yes,” Kenneth said. “My… My friend Dwight. I can do it in front of him.”

“In front of him?” Ethan repeated. That was very good. He’d been hoping Kenneth merely had a person he didn’t mind having on the other side of the door, but if he could do it with someone else in the room, that was a very good sign that recovery would be possible.

“Yes,” Kenneth confirmed. “This is really embarrassing, but… He kind of… He helps me to go,” he said. “He will rub on my shoulders and say things that make me feel calmer. Or, he’ll talk about waterfalls and oceans, and rainstorms. Or make this sound with his mouth…” Kenneth paused to demonstrate, hissing out through his teeth to create a noise similar to streaming liquid. “Pssssssshhhhh….”

Ethan’s hand pressed more firmly into his groin. He fought to keep the grimace from his face as the noise went directly to his bladder and made it start to loosen against his will. He pressed his legs together as tight as he could, his hand pinned between them as he grew more and more grateful for the clipboard’s cover. Ohhh… He had to go! “I— I am sure that helps…” he managed to grit out.

“It does,” Kenneth confirmed, finally stopping with the all too tantalizing sound effects. “Especially if I… Um… If my urge is more intense. Then, if he makes that noise, it’s kind of like magic, I start going just like that! I guess the only good part of this problem is that, when I manage to, you know, ‘get past it’, it feels really, really good.”

Ethan’s other hand let go of his clipboard, it dove underneath it to join its partner in the effort to hold back his flood. “I… Can imagine so,” he said. “However, it is not good for your physical health to routinely delay the need to urinate to such an extent so often.” His knees were now constantly bouncing, his ankles looped around each other.

“I don’t WANT to do it,” Kenneth said. “I just don’t have a choice.”

“I know,” Ethan said. “Sometimes, everyone has to… restrain themselves longer than would be ideal.” A fact Ethan knew a little TOO well in that moment. “But, to do so as frequently as you have been isn’t good at all. That is what we will be aiming to fix here.” He quivered. Oh. He should not have said ‘aiming’, it made him think way too much about something else he’d rather be ‘aiming’ right about then… “It will not happen overnight, but over time we should hopefully start seeing some improvements. Does that sound good?”

“Ye—” Kenneth paused. “Doctor, are you alright?”

“I—I’m fine,” Ethan said, trying to fight back against a painful throbbing that screamed the exact opposite. ‘Get it together,’ he told himself. 'Focus.' “A—As I said; Paruresis is a very common condition, and it can be managed. You have someone that can help you relax, and… And…” His hand pressed against his crotch once more. “And let go…” A thin jet of urine began to spurt against his thighs. He was able to cut off the flow, but his urethra stung from the effort. “A—And that’s a good step. Y—You should—“

“Doctor… Do you have to… um… Do you need to urinate?” Kenneth asked rather abruptly.

Ethan’s heart started beating rather rapidly and he felt like all the blood in his body was rushing to his face. Another spurt exited his bladder without permission. His patient was NOT supposed to be worrying about HIM, this was all so completely backwards… When he looked down at himself, however, he saw how ridiculous and futile any attempts at denial would be. He hadn’t noticed, but at some point his clipboard had fallen onto the floor, so the double handed grip he’d had over his crotch had been plainly visible. His legs were pretzeled and he was shaking like he’d just jumped into an ice bath in Antarctica. “… Yes,” he replied.

Kenneth laughed quietly. Ethan did like to see his patients happy and smiling, but wished it could have been for a different reason. “A—And I’ve been talking about— Heheheh! I must have been torturing you, right?”

“I wouldn’t say torturing,” Ethan gritted. “I’m… I’m here to help you, no matter what you need to talk about.”

“You can go,” Kenneth said. “I don’t mind, you’ve already made me feel a lot better.”

Ethan wasn’t certain how he’d managed to do that, considering mostly all he’d done was sit there, trying not to piss himself, and listening to his patient talk about piss-holding, piss-related trauma, and how good it feels to piss after waiting for too long.

Maybe simply ‘listening’ had been what Kenneth needed most today, however.

“You’ve paid for a whole hour,” Ethan said. “I have a schedule, let’s finish here.”

“Just go, I don’t mind missing a few minu— Ohhh! You said you have experience with Paruresis, did you mean that you have it, too? Do you need me to wait somewhere further from the restroom for you?”

“No, that’s not it,” Ethan said. He’d frozen up a couple times in his life. Who hadn’t? But, ordinarily there was no problem. Especially not when he needed to go THIS badly. “I just need to keep to my schedule.”

“I told you I don’t mind missing a couple minutes,” Kenneth said. He laughed again. “You look like how Dwight did when we went to this big wedding party and he couldn’t find a toilet…” He snorted. “Or even a potted plant…”

Ethan tried to smile. His patient was happy, he’d apparently done his job well enough in spite of his own discomfort. If it was okay with Kenneth that he take a break, then he should just do it, right? He slowly and carefully rose himself onto his feet and limped for the door. Another jet of piss slicked its way down his leg as he walked.

While he fumbled his way through the main room, he noticed James watching him with a blush, his eyes as big as saucers. Sometimes, Ethan would exaggerate his desperation a little for James’s entertainment, knowing how much his partner liked to see him squirm. But, this time around, there was no exaggeration necessary, he really was about to pop.

Rather embarrassingly, his hands just seemed to work on autopilot and he’d unzipped before he’d even entered his restroom. That was fine, though. It meant that once he was at the urinal, he was ready to go.

And boy did he ever go… Sometimes when he peed he’d trickle a little at the start before he worked himself up into a full stream, but that didn’t happen this time. The instant he allowed his bladder to unclench he was all-out gushing, piss slamming into the porcelain with an ear-drum shattering hiss. “Ah—-Ahhhh—Ahhhhhhhhh….” he exhaled, chest heaving as he tried to catch his breath. His eyes actually started to water, clouding his vision. He was spraying like his very life depended on it, wave after wave of long held liquid flooding from his body and leaving him a weak, shaking mess.

Just as abruptly as his stream had begun, it ceased. He started to tuck himself back away, but was surprised by yet another burst of liquid shooting forth. He hurried to re-correct his aim, and was amazed when this ‘second’ pee lasted nearly half a minute all on its own. Once it had died off to a dribble and finally stopped, he remained standing there, wondering if yet another surprise stream was on its way. After a few seconds, he was reasonably certain he was well and truly empty, and zipped himself back up.

Well. That was a little embarrassing… His face retained its pinkish hue all the way back to his office. He sat down in his seat and picked his clipboard back up before looking at Kenneth, unsure of what to say. “Ahhh…Uh… Well… That’s… That’s better,” he said. “Where were we?”

*049*2022-02-15 17:40

Ethan had never been more stressed in his life. His elderly mother, whom had been the only person he could turn to for years after the loss of his father, was not doing well. Physically, she was okay. She was still mobile, her motor functions were fine, she could control her body… But, mentally… Mentally she wasn’t alright at all. Ethan had gone to visit her at her care home a week ago, and one of his worst nightmares came true; She didn’t recognize him. She couldn’t remember who he was.

‘It’s the Dementia,’ he kept telling himself. ‘You KNOW what Dementia is. You KNOW what it does to people. It’s nothing to do with you, or with her. She has not MADE herself forget you. It’s the disease. You KNOW that…’ But, it didn’t hurt any less. Studying the effects of memory disorders, hearing his patients discuss their own experiences having loved ones suffering with them, simply knowing how these conditions functioned… It still hadn’t prepared him for how it would feel to have his own mother look at him and have no idea who he was.

A few days after that, he got a call that there was a flu outbreak at her care home. He knew, of course, how bad the flu could be for someone at an advanced age. Then, the next week, his car started making a strange noise every time he put the turn signal on. When he brought it in to the shop, he learned there WAS a problem and that it wouldn’t be cheap to fix. And a few days after THAT his and James’s washing machine broke down, resulting in him needing to buy a replacement for it.

All of these unwanted expenses poured on top of the anguish he already felt for his mother’s declining mental state. The worries mixed and swirled around in his mind, tossing and turning and creating the most awful stew of anxiety and stress. He was barely sleeping, was barely eating, and had to remind himself to watch TV or read books to try and get himself out of his head for a few minutes.

James could tell how tightly wound Ethan had become. When they lay in bed each night and James turned to cuddle him, Ethan would be so tense it was like he was trying to hug a rock. Ethan would shake and curl up into a little ball, and James knew he was getting very little rest.

He hated seeing Ethan this way. So upset and so strained. “We can afford the car and the washing machine,” James said to him one night. “It’s not a big deal. Don’t worry. I know it sucks all of this happened at once like this, but something good has to happen soon, right?”

Ethan’s taut back didn’t slacken at all. He knew it was silly to be this rigid and keyed up over these things. He knew that, if it had just been ONE problem, if it had JUST been his mother failing to recognize him, if it had JUST been the car having problems, if it had JUST been the washing machine dying… He wouldn’t feel THIS fretful. But, all of it simultaneously was too much for him to deal with, he couldn’t help but feel agitated. “I… I know, I’m being stupid.”

James moved his body closer to Ethan’s, then flung an arm around him. “It’s okay you feel this way,” he said. “It’s okay to feel bad things sometimes, remember? You’re the one that taught me that!”

Ethan sighed, trying his best to calm down his jumpy mind. “I know…” he said. He looked up at the ceiling. “I need to find some way to relax… This hasn’t been good for me.”

“You haven’t been sleeping,” James said. “You toss and turn all night.”

“Yeah,” Ethan said. “And, it’s hard to eat, and… Um… I’ve actually been having a little trouble… Urinating.”

James sat up further. He’d noticed Ethan had been taking longer to begin peeing each morning, but hadn’t said anything. He’d actually thought that maybe Ethan was challenging himself to hold on a little bit more while aiming at the toilet. James had done that a few times and found it fun. It was exciting to try to force his bladder to retain its contents while staring right at the solution to his need. It always made his urge feel so much more intense.

But, apparently Ethan HADN’T been playing a game. He’d actually been struggling. A guilty feeling roosted itself in James’s chest. He should have asked Ethan if he was okay, he shouldn’t have just assumed he was making himself wait longer for fun… “Do you have to see a doctor?” James sure hoped not. Being diagnosed with a kidney stone or some other issue would definitely not help with Ethan’s stress…

“No,” Ethan shook his head, blushing. He didn’t know why he felt so embarrassed telling James about this. He talked to James about peeing all the time. But, somehow telling him that he couldn’t wait to go wasn’t as troubling as telling him that he was suddenly struggling to do it. “It’s… I don’t think it’s a physical problem. Not really. Just… I’m so tense all over right now that it’s hard to even relax my—“

“Ohhh,” James said. He could recall something out of one of Ethan’s books. Normally, the books in Ethan’s office were too dry and clinical for James to want to read at all, but one day when he’d been flipping through one of them he caught sight of the word ‘urinate’, and it was like a little clicker went off in his brain. He’d had no choice but to read the entire page.

He learned that there was a condition some people had called Paruresis. And that Paruresis made it hard for them to pee if they were stressed out— Usually by the presence of other people, but sometimes by other things too. The idea had interested him, and for a while, he fantasized about Ethan getting very, very desperate to go while at a sporting event, only to get stage fright trying to use a trough urinal with a bunch of other guys and end up having to continue on holding it.

He imagined Ethan urgently unbuttoning his pants and freeing himself at the crowded trough, so certain that his poor bladder’s ordeal was at last at an end, only to become filled with frustration when the rowdy crowd surrounding him rendered him unable to ease himself into a relaxed enough state to allow for urination. He imagined Ethan begrudgingly returning to his seat in the arena, his bladder FULLER than it had been when he’d left for the restroom. He imagined Ethan barely making it to the end of the event, then breaking down and confessing to him his struggle. He imagined taking Ethan around the back of the stadium to a nice, secluded corner and holding him as he finally let everything out, gasping and groaning with relief.

He knew that this was probably a very mean thing to fantasize about happening to Ethan. The book said that people with this condition usually felt very, very ashamed of it. So ashamed they were unwilling to get help even as it affected their ability to work or socialize. The book said sometimes people had such serious trouble urinating that they needed to rely on catheterization to drain their bladders— Even though there was nothing physically wrong with them! James knew it must have been an awful thing to have to live with, peeing being such an unavoidable activity and all…

Seeing how flustered Ethan now was discussing it didn’t make James feel good at all. “I’ve… I’ve noticed, when you leave the door open while you go… It’s taken you a few minutes lately.”

Heat rolled across Ethan’s face. “Y—Yeah,” he said. “I’m… Honestly lucky. There are people who… When they freeze up like that, it doesn’t come out no matter HOW long they wait for it to. I’m at least ABLE to go eventually, but I have to really concentrate on relaxing my body right now.” He paused. “That’s another thing, I’m pretty sure this little… problem of mine will stop once I’m able to feel a bit less stressed. Some people go through this all the time and need to get treatment for it, I’m lucky.”

James nodded. He felt so fuzzy hearing Ethan’s words; Even though he was having difficulties right now, he still couldn’t stop thinking about other people and about wanting to help them. It reminded him of why he loved Ethan as much as he did, he never stopped trying to help. James tried to remember if he’d ever had something like Ethan’s current problem happen to him before. But, he couldn’t think of anything. He didn’t think he’d ever gotten stage fright in a public restroom, even if he was right beside someone else. A few times, he’d been ready to burst and the only available urinal was between two people. He didn’t think twice about using it anyway. It didn’t bother him one bit. The other people were just there to pee too, after all. Until he’d read that part of Ethan’s book, he hadn’t even KNOWN that it wasn’t like that for everyone. Peeing was so easy for him— It was the ‘holding it in’ part that he had issues with!

It didn’t sound like Ethan’s new problem was exactly like the one in the book though. Ethan had peed in front of him lots of times, so there was no reason he’d feel nervous about it all of the sudden now. Ethan was probably right. He wasn’t really having ‘stage fright’, he was just so ridiculously tense in general that his body couldn’t calm down enough to perform necessary functions. Just like how he was too tense to fall into a deep sleep these days, he was also too tense to easily relieve his bladder.

“I want to help you calm down,” James said. “You’re right, this hasn’t been healthy.”

“I’ve been trying,” Ethan said. “I’ve been doing grounding exercises, and deep breathing, and—“

“And none of it’s been working,” James said gently.

“It… hasn’t,” Ethan admitted.

“I think you’ve been putting too much pressure on yourself,” James said. “You’ve been trying to control your Mom’s… problem, and take charge of everything happening here at home. I think you have to let go. Let someone else control things for a bit.”

“How do I—“

“Do you want to play a game tomorrow?” James asked.

“A… You mean one of the ‘holding’ games?”

“Yeah,” James said. “You normally feel really relaxed after that, don’t you?”

Ethan had to admit that he did. His body would be so wrung out, and allowing James to take full control over his actions put his mind into a strange, pliable and easy to manage state. When they played these games, the only things Ethan needed to focus on were holding his bladder and trusting James to take care of him and give him what he needed the second he needed it most of all. Then, he’d just have to relax and let his body do everything it had to do. “That… That would be nice, I think,” he said. “Maybe it would help me a little bit.”

James hugged him, “Okay, I promise you’ll feel loads better after.”

The next morning, Ethan woke needing the restroom like he always did. Typically, he could put off his morning pee for a little bit before his bladder deemed it mandatory, and THIS morning he didn’t know if he was allowed to take it yet at all. He turned to his side to find James was already awake and sitting up groggily. “James, I kind of have to go,” he said.

James shrugged, standing up. Just like every morning, he was a little hunched over, his knees pinched inwards against each other. While Ethan was capable of delaying his morning relief for a bit, James absolutely NEVER was. Whenever he woke up, his first stop just HAD to be the toilet unless he wanted to risk leaving a puddle somewhere. “Well, I REALLY have to go,” he told Ethan. “Come on.”

Ethan followed James to the restroom, still not fully awake and not really processing the fact that James hadn’t exactly said that HE would be getting to pee right now as well. Once Ethan saw the toilet, his bladder loosened itself in anticipation. Even though his brain was still unsure about whether or not relief was on the horizon, his body was thoroughly convinced that it most certainly WAS.

James hurried to the toilet and pulled himself out, a thin stream instantly pouring into the bowl. “Ahhh…” He sighed. “Phew…Muuuch better!”

James usually did a great deal of sighing while he urinated, but he didn’t typically talk so much about how it was making him feel. The pee still encased in Ethan’s body surged downwards, his eyes trained on the stream erupting from his partner’s cock. His thighs rubbed together slightly.

“Ethan,” James said. “I was having this crazy dream last night,” he said, his pee still hissing away. “We were at this huge amusement park and we couldn’t find a bathroom anywhere!”

Ethan swayed on his feet a little as he carried on watching while a night’s worth of urine flowed out of James’s body. The splashing as it pounded into the water made Ethan’s own bladder ache slightly As it kept pouring away, Ethan figured that it was no wonder James had been having THAT sort of dream last night, he’d been holding in quite a bit of pee… “James, I need—“

“But we both really, REALLY had to pee,” James continued, his stream starting to slow down finally. “And, there were all these water rides and fountains and stuff all over the place! Like, everywhere we went there was this constant, loud spray of water! And it made me have to go SO much, and whenever I looked at you, you were holding yourself, which was super cute, but since I was having such a big emergency I couldn’t really enjoy it…”

Ethan watched as James’s urine started to dwindle down to a slow, steady stream. A nice, relaxed bit of drizzling from the tip of his cock. Ethan couldn’t help but think how nice it would feel to allow his own body to do the same thing right now…

“And,” James went on. “I kept asking people for the restroom, but nobody there could understand English so they didn’t know what I was saying. So, I started doing a big, elaborate pee-dance to try and explain it better— And like I said, I REALLY had to go so that was easy to do…” His final few dribbles fell into the bowl and he shook himself off. “So, eventually, someone figured out what I needed and they brought us to the restroom. But, by the time we got there there was a HUGE, long line, and we waited for a while, but then you couldn’t make it and had an accident…”

Ethan blushed. It was silly, but he actually felt a little bit embarrassed about having an accident in James’s dream… “Um… What happened then?” he asked.

“I felt real bad,” James said, tucking his dick back into his pajama pants. “And so I hugged you and tried to make you feel better even though I still had to go a lot. And then I woke up,” he concluded.

Ethan watched as James then lowered the seat and lid on the toilet. The action had an air of finality to it, and Ethan got the impression that he shouldn’t even bother with asking if maybe he could go right now too. He did anyway; “Um, James? I still need to use—“

James went to the sink and began washing his hands. Ethan didn’t miss the way he cranked the faucet on full blast, producing a thunderous hiss of liquid that gave Ethan pause and made him shift his weight around ever so slightly. “Hold on, Ethan. Gotta get my hands nice and clean!”

“James,” Ethan raised his voice to be heard over the faucet. “I still have to use the toilet.”

“Oh, I know,” James shrugged, shutting off the faucet. “It isn’t time for that just yet, though. I think food is a little more important than peeing, don’t you?”

“I—“

“Of course you do,” James smiled. “Come on, let’s go have breakfast.”

Breakfast for Ethan consisted of a large mug of coffee, a glass of water, and some eggs that Ethan swore James salted too much on purpose just to make sure he’d drink all of the liquid that had been provided to him. “Ethan needs to relax today,” James said happily as he gave Ethan a kiss on the cheek before sitting down across from him. “That’s why I made breakfast!”

“Thank you…” Ethan said, taking another sip of water and trying not to think about his skipped-over morning piss. He felt rather ridiculous, but knowing that the power of suggestion could be used to great effect, he tried to pretend to himself that he HAD actually urinated after waking up. He told himself he’d peed first thing, and that his bladder was actually perfectly nice and empty right now. Any pangs or throbs that told him otherwise were purely the product of his imagination. He couldn’t TRULY need to go. He only just went!

“Last night was one of the worst pee dreams I’ve ever had,” James said. “I’m surprised I actually woke up in time! A few times, I haven’t. Like, a few years ago, I dreamed I was back in high school and I had to give this big presentation to everybody about a book I didn’t actually read. I got up in the front of the class, and I really, really had to pee. I asked if I could go, but my teacher wouldn’t let me. She said I had to finish my presentation first. So, I was squirming through the whole thing, and then when I was allowed to leave I just barely made it to a urinal, but then when I woke up I realized I was wetting the bed.”

Ethan nodded, pressing his thighs together discreetly beneath the table. ‘You don’t have to pee,’ he reminded himself. ‘You just THINK you do. But really you’re fine.’

“Have you ever had dreams like that?” James asked. “You know, one where you have to go pee really bad except there’s some reason that you can’t?”

Ethan looked down, twiddling his thumbs in his lap. “Y—Yeah,” he said. “I think everyone has had that dream before. Your sleeping brain realizes that you need to go and then it needs to come up with an explanation for why you can’t just let it out.”

“What’s the worst one you’ve ever had?”

“Um… Well, I had this really weird one once,” Ethan said, casually crossing one leg over the other. This conversation was NOT helping his attempts at tricking his bladder into thinking it was drained. “You and I were climbing a mountain for some reason, and I was frightened because we were so high up, and I also needed to pee super badly. And, you kept telling me to just go, but to get my zip open I was going to have to look down, and I couldn’t make myself do that— But, I was— I was almost wetting myself. So, you had to pull my zipper down and aim for me. And, right as you said ‘Okay, you can go now!’ I woke up, and it was the middle of the night, and I… kinda had to hurry because I was… very nearly doing it.”

“Awww,” James said. “We should do that for real!”

“We shouldn’t,” Ethan disagreed. “Mountains look good in photographs, but I’m definitely NOT going to climb one.”

That wasn’t the part that had intrigued James though… No, what HE wanted was to aim Ethan’s dick for him while he urinated… And they definitely didn’t need to be on a mountain to do that.

Ethan finished up his coffee and stood. As soon as he was on his feet, his legs crossed together at the ankles. “James…” he began, knowing what the answer was going to be but unable to stop himself from asking anyway. “May I…Um… May I perhaps go relieve myself now?”

It was such a sweet, beseeching beg, and his soft spoken little request made James’s heart flutter… Still, it was nowhere near time for Ethan’s toilet break just yet. “You may not,” he said. “Put that out of your mind for now.”

Ethan worried at his lip. It was hard to put peeing out of his mind when he hadn’t done it all day. And harder still when James kept talking to him about it. “Okay…”

“Good boy,” James praised, and Ethan felt like he was melting. He’d hold it for James as long as he wanted if it meant he’d keep calling him that… James wrapped Ethan up in a tight, warm hug, “Just keep holding it in for me, okay?”

“But I need to go let it out…” Ethan mumbled into James’s shoulder.

James ran a hand up and down Ethan’s back. “It’s not time for that right now,” he said.

“When is it time? Soon?” Ethan asked. At the moment, his pleas for release were still mostly just little teases, small gestures meant purely for James’s entertainment. Right now, the little jolts of need inside his bladder were easily managed.

He knew that that wouldn’t last all day. Knew that, eventually, he would be begging James for real, and the pangs from within would feel more and more uncontainable by the second.

But, for now, it was alright. He was in control. He was in James’s control, rather. And it felt good. The stress of the past several weeks was fading as he let James caress him and gently deny him access to the toilet that his bladder wanted him to visit.

“You want to go shower together?” James asked suddenly.

Ethan nodded quickly. Bathing with James was one of his favorite things… But, this morning, it was more of a challenge than anything. Warm water sprayed above them, and Ethan was stomping his feet against the floor of the tub as he tried not to release a stream of his own. “Be careful,” James said, holding firmly onto Ethan’s arm to keep him steady. “Don’t want you to slip.”

“Too much water…” Ethan groaned out. “I have to go…”

“Aw…” James leaned in and kissed him. “But, you just went last night, didn’t you?” he asked. “It hasn’t been that long.” He looked down, gaze stilling on Ethan’s cock. “I don’t want to see anything come out of you right now,” he said. “Behave.” His cheeks flushed when he saw Ethan’s cock twitch at his words. “Be a good boy,” he added, and reached to curl his hand around Ethan’s member, pumping it. “Not one drop out of this thing right here, okay?”

Ethan moaned, his urge to use the toilet temporarily forgotten. Ethan’s body was so sensitive right now, the strain of holding back his pee and the ferocious taunting from the water being sprayed against him made even the slightest hint of stimulation feel altogether delectable. All too soon, however, James released him. “There will be more of that if you keep holding it for me, okay?” he said.

Ethan nodded. He needed more of James’s touches. He needed more of James’s touches a LOT more than he needed to relieve his bladder.

After their shower, James got Ethan another glass of water, “Drink up!” he said cheerily.

Ethan’s bladder didn’t feel as stretched out and strained as it had under the pulsing water of the shower head, but he still shook his head. “Na—No more water,” he said. “I really need to pee, remember?”

“No tinkling yet, Ethan,” James said, enjoying the flush that overtook his partner’s face. “Maybe later, after you drink this.”

Ethan followed James’s instructions, and blushed with intense, fluttering heat when James called him a good boy once more. “Okay, come on,” James said, and Ethan’s shoulders drooped with immense relief when he saw James was leading him back into the restroom. Ethan stood in the doorway, hips shifting, hands twitching against his thighs. “Awww,” James cooed. “Is there something that you need to do in here? Something you have to use?”

Ethan nodded. “I haven’t… I haven’t peed all day, James…”

“Oh, poor thing!” James said. “You must have to go real, REAL bad by now then, huh?”

“Y—Yes…” Ethan agreed.

“Okay… Go stand at the toilet and unzip, alright?”

Ethan rushed that way, hurriedly lifting the lid and seat of the toilet and freeing himself. He was about to go. He was about to go. Ohhh, finally… Relief! His urgency spiked as he waited for permission.

“Hold it in,” James said, his wide smile audible in his voice. He could not take his eyes off Ethan no matter how hard he tried. His usually put-together and buttoned up boyfriend was coming together at the seams, becoming frazzled and frantic all because of a simple, unavoidable need. He was too alluring this way, too adorable, too lovable… ‘Ethan desperate to pee’ was definitely one of the best versions of Ethan that existed. “Hold it…” he repeated. “Hold it…”

Ethan groaned, shifting from foot to foot. Holding it while in front of the toilet was one of the most difficult things in the world to do. His body recognized this as the spot where it was supposed to unwind, unclench and relax. His body recognized this as the spot where it was meant to let everything go, stop fighting… Telling it over and over to maintain its restraint, to not let one drop fall… It was agony. “J—James?” he whimpered, his feet shifted in spasms, he tipped his head back and stared at the ceiling, trying not to let the toilet remain in his field of vision. “Now?”

James stayed quiet for a moment, and then. “Hmmm…” He paused, pretending to be seriously mulling something over in his head.

“Please?”

“Please what?” James asked. This was so much fun. He wanted to see exactly how long he could draw this out. How long he could keep taunting Ethan and his poor bladder.

“Please say I can pee now?”

“Ohhh,” James said with exaggerated realization, as if that hadn’t been what they’d been playing all morning. “You want to pee?”

“Yes,” Ethan said, obvious strain in his voice.

“You want to pee really bad?”

“Yes!”

“Ah, I see,” James said. “Maybe I should let you go then…”

“You should! You should!” Ethan nodded his head up and down rapidly, still swaying from side to side, the only thing keeping his stream at bay being James’s word.

“Hmmmm….” James hummed again. “You know what? Actually, I think you can wait a little bit more, right Ethan? Zip back up now.”

Ethan cringed, jiggling up and down. “But— But I— I need to—“

“Not yet,” James said. “Put it away, alright? Maybe you can go later. If I feel like it.”

Ethan listened, fumbling himself back into his pants and zipping them. A huge, catastrophic deluge of need crashed through him and the first drop of his burden slipped out into his boxers. He tucked his hand between his legs. “I need to pee now…”

“You need to HOLD it now,” James corrected. “Come on,” he gestured to the doorway. “Let’s go.” He knew that leaving this room without urinating was the LAST thing Ethan wanted to do.

But, he knew that it was also EXACTLY what he wanted.

Ethan obediently followed James back out into the living room, where they sat together on the couch. James flicked on the TV, but neither of them paid it any attention. Ethan felt weighted down by his full bladder, and his hand remained pressed firmly into his crotch as he squirmed and writhed and bucked his hips.

“Poor Ethan,” James said, resting a hand on Ethan’s thigh. “Something’s bothering him! I can tell!”

“I need to relieve myself…” Ethan mumbled. “I really, really need to relieve myself.”

“You do?” James asked. “But, we were just in the bathroom! You must not have to go that badly if you didn’t do it then!”

“You… You wouldn’t let me…” Ethan reminded.

“Oh, that’s right,” James said. “But, that’s only because I know you can hold it.” He stroked his hand down Ethan’s leg. “I know when you need to go, and when you can hold it. Just let me handle everything. It will be okay.”

Ethan slumped against James’s body. He knew James would grant him his relief in time. He knew he could trust James. He knew he could give James all the power here and that everything would be okay. James put his arms around him and gave him a hug. A very, very tight hug that made Ethan’s bladder throb and send a spurt of pee into his boxers. “A—Ah—!”

James eased up and relief flew through Ethan as some of the pressure faded. “You okay?”

“I need to pee!”

“I know, I can tell. But, it’s just not time to go just yet.”

“Please, please say it’s time soon?” Ethan begged. “I can’t wait much longer!”

“You can,” James said. “You can hold it.”

Ethan gripped onto James with one hand and clutched his cock tightly in the other, jiggling up and down as his bladder throbbed with furious need. “I can’t!” His legs coiled up on one another and his grip on himself strengthened. “I can’t wait, I can’t wait! I need to go!”

“Just hold on,” James said. “Here, hold my hand…”

Ethan clasped a hand around James’s and squeezed it as hard as he was squeezing his dick. “James… Please?”

“Shhh…” James said. “Let me handle it…” He squeezed Ethan’s hand back. “So tense…”

“Because I need to—“

“But, you don’t need to worry,” James said. “I’ll take care of you…”

Ethan’s grip on James slackened a little, and his teeth ceased digging a hole into his lip.

“I’ve got you…” James said. “I’ll handle everything… Just hold it in and let me make the decisions, okay?”

And, for a while, Ethan felt better. He had to pee like crazy, but James would bring him to the toilet before he had an accident. James would take care of him and make sure he was alright. James was in charge. James was capable and he loved Ethan and would never let anything bad happen to him.

And Ethan could hold it. He could hold it however long James thought he could.

Ethan didn’t dare release his hold on his dick, didn’t dare relax any of his pelvic muscles, didn’t dare breathe in too deeply or sit up too straightly. But, he held it. He held it, and he trusted James.

He desperately, DESPERATELY needed to pee, but he no longer felt on the very edge of an accident. “H—How much longer?” he asked after a while.

“Don’t worry about that,” James said. “Let ME be the one to deal with it.”

Ethan nodded. “Is it… Is it soon?”

“Don’t worry,” James repeated. “You just have to focus on keeping it in, I’ll be the one worrying about when it comes out.” He rubbed a soothing pattern into Ethan’s thigh. “Hold it…” he said.

“I need to pee, James…” Ethan whispered. “I need to pee SO badly… I… I just… Please, please let me go? Please?”

“No,” James said, drawing him closer. “You’re warm… I’m comfortable here.”

“I’m not…” Ethan said. “ I need to go!”

“Later,” James promised. “For now, do you want to talk?”

“I won’t be able to concentrate…” Ethan said with a wince. “All I can think about is peeing…”

“Well, I sure don’t mind talking about that,” James said. “How are you feeling?”

“I… I feel like there’s a bowling ball in my stomach,” Ethan said. “I feel like I’m holding in water I drank years ago. I feel like I’m going to pee any second and wet the couch.”

James shook his head, “You won’t wet the couch,” he promised. “You’ve got this.”

Ethan whimpered. He did not feel anywhere near as confident as his partner did. He may have only leaked a couple times so far, but it was taking a Herculean effort not to do it again right now. It was so hard not to just let every last drop rush out of him in an intense flood… “Please, James…” he whimpered.

“Is this the worst you’ve ever had to go?”

“I— I don’t know,” Ethan said. “I don’t THINK it is, but it’s… It’s hard to measure it… I’m so full, I can’t—“

“You can…” James assured. “Does it hurt?”

“It… No, it’s not painful,” Ethan said. “Not like the times where it made my back ache. But, it feels like the tip of my…”

James flushed scarlet. “It… Feels like…”

“It feels like… Um… It feels like the spot where my pee comes out is burning…”

James nodded, feeling heat flame through him. God… That was so vivid… “Lift your shirt.”

Ethan backed up slightly, his bladder protesting even that small bit of movement, then rolled up his shirt. This revealed a protrusion in his lower abdomen, a tight, swollen and firm ball of piss right in his center. James’s eyes widened. “Oh… Oh wow, you DO have to go…”

“I do…” Ethan moaned.

James knew that the swelling in his boyfriend’s body meant that they were going to HAVE to stop soon. Otherwise, Ethan was going to either have an accident, or hurt himself. Neither of which were desired outcomes today. There was just… One more thing he still wanted to do. “Let’s go in the backyard now, okay?”

Ethan whimpered as he dragged himself to his feet. Of course, his bladder took this as a sign that it was going to be emptied very soon, and he needed to clench all his muscles and jiggle around, fighting to stay dry as a bolt of pure, white hot need ricocheted through him. “Ohhh, James, please—“

“Soon,” James promised. “It will be very soon, but come into the backyard first, okay?”

Ethan hobbled after James out the back door, wondering what James had in store for him next. He needn’t have wondered for long. He should have known. They had recently gotten a small fountain installed on the patio, and James encouraged him to sit down in one of the lawn chairs and just… Watch and listen to it gush.

The little fountain gently poured a small, clear stream of water into a tiny pond. The liquid trickled and tinkled softly, just barely loud enough to wreak all-out havoc on Ethan’s firm, full bladder. His body rocked from side to side. “James!” Ethan whined, feeling a drop of pee forming at the precipice of his exit. “I can’t— I can’t do this much more, I’ll— I’m about to go!”

James stayed quiet for a moment, then opened his mouth, “Does Ethan have to tinkle?” he asked.

“Yes,” Ethan nodded, and as if to emphasize his point, his bladder shot him a particular sharp, painful bolt of need and caused him to bounce up and down in his seat.

“Does Ethan want me to take him to the bathroom? Would that maybe make him feel better?”

“YES!” Ethan cried. “YES! PLEASE! It would make me feel SO much better!”

James nodded. “Okay. I’ll take you there now, then.”

Ethan didn’t dare ask if James intended to actually let him GO this time. If he didn’t… If he didn’t allow it, Ethan was going to explode and gush all over the floor for sure. He stumbled up, curled in on himself and crossed his legs so tight that it hurt. “Can’t… Can’t hold it…” he whimpered. “Need to… James, please? I need to pee SO bad…” His eyes were watering, liquid searching for any possible escape route.

“I’ve got you,” James promised. “I’ve got it all under control, don’t worry about anything…” He gingerly led Ethan back inside, back through the house, and into the room his poor boyfriend was dying to visit. “Okay,” he said. “Here we are.”

The desperate desire to empty his bladder caused Ethan to pace back and forth in the small room, waiting for James’s permission to be given. “James—!” he cried. He couldn’t stop moving. Moving was the only thing that could tamp down the devastating need to let it all out. His whole body ached with the urge. It felt like the edges of his skin were about to start splitting from the heinous pressure inside him. “James, please?!”

“Go to the toilet,” James said.

Ethan did, his legs remained crossed, dick crushed between them. “Please, please—“

“Lift the lid.”

Ethan obeyed. He stared at the seat, and below it, the bowl in all its porcelain glory… His bladder couldn’t take much more. He was losing little drops every second. “I—“

“Seat up,” James said.

Ethan hurried to do this as well. The toilet was now prepared in the way it generally was when he used it, but James had still yet to say if he could actually do so at last… his brain was filled with needy fog, imagined streams of urine and water and oceans and— and— “James!”

“Zipper down.”

Ethan ripped his zip down nosily, the sound penetrating through the haze in his brain and making him spurt violently into his boxers. “James, I can’t wait, I can’t wait, I can’t wait. I’m about to—“

“Take it out now.”

Ethan freed his cock and aimed it at the toilet. A clear droplet of pee formed at his tip and plinked into the bowl. Followed by another. And another. He needed to go. He needed to go. He just… He couldn’t take it anymore. His bladder was so full, his whole body was so full, every crevice in him must have been stuffed full of piss. “James— Please—“

“Hold it,” James said.

At those words, Ethan’s heart sank. “Please, James…” he begged. “I’m— I’m practically doing it—“

“Not yet,” James said.

Another drip fell from his cock. And another. Then a brief pulse of a stream. He wrenched back control, but it wasn’t going to last much longer. Oh God, oh God…

“Ethan, do you trust me?”

“Of course I do…” Ethan moaned, dancing in place.

“Then, trust me when I say you can hold it…”

“But… But I can’t— I—“ Ethan was interrupted by another jet of pee splashing out. “I can’t— Please—“

James came closer until he was pressed into Ethan’s back. “Trust me…” he said. “You can hold it…”

“I can’t!” Ethan protested. “I can’t! I can’t do it! Please? Please just let me pee! It’s too much! I’m going to—“

“Let go of yourself,” James said.

Ethan shook his head back and forth frantically. Squeezing his cock was the only reason he wasn’t completely flooding the toilet already, permission or no permission.

“Trust me,” James said. “Let me take care of this…”

“James, please—“

“It will be okay,” James said. “Just let go of it.”

Ethan cringed, but finally did as he’d been asked. Pee started to trickle slowly and haltingly into the bowl the instant he’d released his dick. He was able to restrain it every couple seconds, but then it would start back up again.

James reached around to Ethan’s front and took his cock in his hand, pointing the slick, leaking thing down into the bowl. “Shhh….” He soothed. “It’s okay, Ethan… Go.”

“Wha—What?” Ethan took a few more seconds to understand. All he could think about was his boiling need for a massive piss. Then, it hit him. “James?”

“Time to pee, Ethan,” James said. “Go.”

As soon as that word passed James’s lips, Ethan exploded. He unleashed an enormous flood. Over half a day’s worth of pent up pee burst forth. “Ohhhhhhhh….!!!” Ethan let out a long, low moan as his body… relaxed. It relaxed. It RELAXED! It totally, fully, completely relaxed for the first time in… In Ethan didn’t even KNOW how long. His mouth hung open. The feeling built up, his eyes rolled back into his head with bliss. He shivered and shuddered and shook with relief, his entire lower body twitching as what must have been gallons of liquid torment were dumped from his urethra with incredible force. His pee-hole didn’t burn or sting anymore, and all the pulsing spasms in his middle suddenly felt GOOD.

James was burning up, painfully turned on by being THIS close to Ethan while he urinated, by actually DIRECTING his stream for him. He was panting as much as Ethan was! His pants were growing uncomfortably tight, the feeling worsening by the second, and he couldn’t wait to take Ethan to bed after this, and show him just how much he’d appreciated his incredible performance today. “Oh… Oh wow,” he said. “Somebody had to PEE, didn’t he?”

Ethan could only respond with another moan. The pressure didn’t die down, his stream only grew more and more violent. He was releasing a gushing waterfall of pure ecstasy. The pleasure was making his toes curl. Gone was any conscious thought. A very intelligent man, a PHD, was reduced purely to the most base animalistic of instincts. The intensity of his joy almost made him collapse, but James was right there behind him, holding him nice and steady. Taking care of him. He was even aiming for him! Ethan didn’t have to worry about anything. He didn’t have to DO anything! James was doing it all for him, James was making everything okay and better. James was in control, and that was good and okay and wonderful. Everything was good and okay and wonderful now, because Ethan was peeing and that felt amazing…

“There you go…” James soothed. “All better now… All better… No more problems… Feels good, doesn’t it?”

“Haaahhhh…” Ethan groaned an affirmative sounding noise.

“Awww, feels really good?” James guessed. “And who’s a good boy, trusting me like this?”

“Mmmm….”

“I told you I’d handle everything,” James said. “Such a good boy for listening. Such a good boy!”

Ethan pushed harder on his pelvic muscles, he wanted to be able to piss forever, but James’s words and the hand he’d placed on his cock were having an affect, and Ethan really wanted to finish going before that affect got too strong…

“Such a good boy…” James kept repeating. “Let it all go, just relax, just let it out…”

Ethan listened, he allowed his body to keep draining, allowed the relief and the delight of James’s praise to envelop him like a blanket. He felt so good, he felt so calm, he felt so, so much better… He just kept standing there, letting it all happen.

A little after two minutes of furious, thunderous pissing, his stream slowly subsided and trickled to a stop. He was empty. He was blessedly, wondrously empty.

“All done?” James asked.

“…Yeah…” Ethan breathed.

“Good boy,” James repeated, shaking Ethan off, an action that quickly transformed itself into stroking.

“Ohhh…” Ethan moaned.

“I told you you’d get more of this if you held it,” James reminded. “And, boy did you ever hold it!”

“Don’t stop…” Ethan begged.

“I’m going to make you feel REAL good after all that, I promise,” James said, releasing Ethan’s cock and eliciting mewls of protest. But, then James was pulling his pants off of him and directing him to the floor, and Ethan had to keep himself upright using his hands and knees, and James was digging around in the bathroom cabinet for a bottle of lubricant. “Y—You ready?”

“Yes!” Ethan begged. “Please! I want you!” He gasped out. “I NEED you!”

James nodded, then poured some of the bottle’s contents onto his fingertips and prepped Ethan’s entrance with frantic desire, that alone being enough to make Ethan groan and ache for more. James hurriedly unzipped his pants and tugged them down before mounting Ethan, and in spite of the lube there was still a small bit of pain before James’s cock made contact with Ethan’s prostate and then there was nothing but pleasure.

James’s hands dug firmly into Ethan’s hips as he thrusted and thrusted away. James reached and began pumping Ethan’s dick once more, his own cock still twitching within him. He was already so close. Ethan had turned him on such a ridiculous amount today that there was no way he was going to last for long. He could already feel his orgasm beginning to creep up on him, radiating from his crotch and out through his entire body.

“James…” Ethan moaned. “Ohhh, James…. I’m so close…” His body was so raw, so utterly sensitive after everything it had just gone through. Every sensation James pumped into him now was drawing forth bits of pre-cum and ecstatic grunts of pleasure.

James sped up his movements, trying to alternate the thrusts of his hand and his dick. He wanted Ethan to get so thoroughly turned on that he would totally burst, since HE was already about to burst himself.

“James—!” Ethan cried out. He was beyond coherent at this point, just letting out a series of moans and groans, sometimes punctuated with his partner’s name. Pretty much every thrust was stimulating Ethan’s prostate, making him squeal with pleasure until his throat hurt. “James—Ah—! James, I’m gonna—“

“Cum for me, Ethan,” James said.

‘Oh God… Those words…’

Ethan’s orgasm was building up quickly now, overtaking him. He tensed his whole body, breathing so fast he was getting dizzy. James’s hand pumping his dick, mixed with the firm cock inside him slamming into his prostate on nearly every thrust… It was more than he could handle. He couldn’t hold back anymore, he was about to lose it. Then, with one more thrust against that spot inside his body followed by another pump of the hand on his cock, the first jolt slammed into him.

“Good boy…” James breathed out, trying so hard to speak as his own orgasm built up. “Cum for me, Ethan.”

And, Ethan did.

Pleasure crashed in waves through his body, and cum spurted from his dick. He cried out incoherently as his cock bounced, shooting out more and more of his load. He could feel himself going taut around James’s length, James’s dick searing within him and making him ejaculate even more.

“Ohhh!” James wailed, his cock throbbed within Ethan, his breath hitching in his throat, and then he was cumming. He shuddered as his cum escaped him, releasing a series of moans so intense they sounded like sobs. His dick was pulsating and he no longer had the strength in him to carry on thrusting or even to hold himself up, he collapsed onto his partner’s back, dick still spurting into him.

Ethan felt James’s member still throbbing within him, cum filling his insides. If he hadn’t just climaxed a few moments ago, the twitching dick and hot fluid pumping into him would have gotten Ethan rock hard once again in an instant.

Finally, James pulled out of him, and they both collapsed onto the floor, laying there and trying to regain control over their breathing. James turned to his side and nuzzled against Ethan, “Mmm…”

“That was…” Ethan panted out, still dizzy. “That was amazing…”

James didn’t know how or when since his brain was still fuzzy from how hard he’d just climaxed, but he managed to get a washcloth and clean them both off before helping Ethan stumble back to the bedroom so they could rest somewhere that was a little more comfortable than the restroom floor. At some point, they became entwined in one another’s arms, and Ethan was at last on the cusp of a very restful, peaceful sleep. James kissed him gently on the cheek, “Time to relax now, Ethan…” he whispered. “I love you…”

He sighed as he listened to Ethan’s breathing even out. He pulled him in so closely that they were once again nuzzling each other, feeling Ethan’s warm skin against his own as he too feel asleep.

$$

