[Warcraft] World of Desperation

Author: Real_JayJay

*000*2018-08-27 21:16

Hey, thats my first story here!

I decided to write a Warcraft Fanfiction because I always loved the game (its getting worse since Cata though ? ).

As my English isn't really good, feel free to correct some of my sentences. You're also allowed to suggest new things because I'm not that creative. All in all I'd love to see comments !

So that's it, have fun reading it! ?

Jayla walked through the forest of Ashenvale. The nightelf was looking for an orc camp she had heard rumors of.

The girl was travelling around for much more than a week now. By now all of her water supply was gone. Jayla was really thirsty but couldn't find any rivers to fill up her bottles.

The nightelf went on walking around. She enjoyed the chilly air and the relaxing sound of all the livings surrounding her. Suddenly a new sound came to her ears. The sound of flowing water.

Jayla happily started to run towards the cause of this noise. She already unpacked her first bottle while running. As soon as she reached the river she dipped her bottle into the cool water. Immediately after it had filled up she drank the whole bottle completely.

Now refreshed and not thirsty anymore Jayla filled up her bottles again. Suddenly she heard a crack from the wood behind her. Jayla tried to shapeshift but the attacking orc gave her a stunning blow into her stomach. Before the druid could focus again the orc knocked her out with a well aimed hit against her temple. Everything went black.

Jayla awoke by some pressure on her bladder. It wasn't too bad, she just felt a little uncomfortable. The nightelf looked around. She was locked inside a cage. It seemed like she found the orc camp she was looking for. Most of the people were sleeping. She saw some of the other races aswell.

"Let me go!", she screamed. Surprisingly a blood elf reacted. "Why should we?" Jayla was confused. "You speak Darnassian?" "Yes. We're the same nation, you know?" The nightelf looked aside embarrassedly. "So why should we set you free?" "Uhm... I need to pee." Jayla's face went red. "I have to pee aswell and I can't 'cause I have to watch you." Does she really have to go? "So what if we both go and nobody gets to know about it?" "Forget it, nightelf b*tch!" Jayla still didn't worry too much. Everyone knew that nightelf's had huge bladders.

The bloodelf went away. Jayla looked after her. She wore a blue robe. Her face was actually very pretty and her hair color was some kind of orange. She sat down on a nearby tree stump. The nightelf noticed she immediately pressed her legs together. So she didn't lie. According to Jayla's inner clock it was something around midnight now.

Another hour passed and you could clearly see the desperation of the blood elf. She didn't pay attention to her surroundings. Instead she was walking around and sometimes pushing her hand in her crotch. She was definitely close to loosing it. She was hopping from one foot to another, crossing her legs all the time. Jayla was enjoying the show. Suddenly the bloodelf bent over and pressed both her hands into her crotch. Then an orc awoke. She noticed an yelled at him: "Your turn now! Watch the environment and the nightelf!" The orc slowly realised that she was talking to him but the bloodelf didn't care anymore. She sprinted towards the camp exit.

Three minutes later she came back with a very relieved look in her face. Jayla was sad she managed to hold it in long enough. Then she noticed a small wet spot on the bloodelf's robe. The nightelf smiled at her. She noticed and stepped to the cage. "Never tell anyone about this or you'll never get to relieve yourself!", she whispered. "It's okay, I feel sorry for you." "I can't help you to get out of there. Let's hope you have an huge bladder." Then she walked away. Jayla knew she had a very big bladder but even big bladders are full at some point...

Still thinking of the desperate bloodelf she fell asleep.

*002*2018-08-28 14:46

{{14 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent so far

}}

Thank you very much ?

*004*2018-08-29 19:27

{{On 8/28/2018 at 7:29 PM, DsGSilver said:

I enjoyed that, especially because it featured a night elf (best race) druid (best class). I'd love to see more!

}}

Glad to hear that! The story will definitely go on as soon as I have more time. (Probably weekend)

*005*2018-09-02 22:03

Part 2:

Jayla got wakened by the loud screaming of the orcs. Apparently they were getting ready for continuing their travel through Kalimdor. Some of them left the camp and came back shortly after. Jayla envied them for the possibility to go pee whenever they wanted to. Her bladder really demanded relief now.

Why do they even take me with them? She couldn't figure out an answer. As she had to cross her legs to make her feel more convenient she decided to shapeshift. Jayla focused on the spell but nothing happened. Someone had built the cage spell-proof. The nightelf groaned. Then she crossed her legs again.

An hour later everyone was ready to go. The bloodelf from the night before walked to the cage and closed her eyes. She touched the iron. A few moments later Jayla's prison began to fly. The bloodelf opened her eyes again and smiled. "You're ready to go now." Jayla sighed. Then everyone began to move. The cage included. The sudden movement almost made the druid leak but she grabbed her crotch in time. She immediatly looked to the bloodelf. "You have to pee, nightelf? What's your name actually?" "I'm Jayla." "Okey, Jayla, I'm Alori. Let's dont talk to much, I'm still concentrating on the Levitate-Spell." Jayla nodded and removed her hands from her crotch.

@@After a while, Jayla was fidgetting around a bit. Her need had increased a lot. Additionally she was thirsty and hungry again. She wanted to ask Alori about that when she saw that the bloodelf was looking really strained. There was sweat on her forehead and she stumbled around. Soon she shouted something in the language of the orcs. The troops stopped walking and Jayla's cage touched the ground again. "What's wrong, Alori?" "You're too heavy. I can't cast that spell forever, you know?" She grabbed a bottle from her backpack and took a deep sip. Then she offered Jayla the bottle. The druid took it quickly. Even though her bladder protested she drank something. Then she gave the bottle back. Suddenly a spasm hit Jayla's bladder. The nightelf jammed both her hands on her crotch and moaned loudly. As soon as the pressure decreased a bit she layed her hands on her tighs. She constantly had to cross her legs. Her tight leather pants didn't help much. Though she still was too embarrassed to open the button. "Do you know when I'll get a pee break?" "I think you won't. Sorry about that."

@@A few minutes later the walking continued. There was a small bulge on Jayla's abdomen. She couldn't help but unbutton her pants. The urgent need decreased much by this. But Jayla's white and almost see through panties revealed. Alori noticed. "You've got a sweet pussy down there." The druid's face went red. She covered her intimitate area with her hands. Soon after her bladder complained again. Jayla had to hold herself again. She knew she wouldn't last long. Her fidgetting increased. She also started sweating. Suddenly she felt a drop escape her. "No! This can't be happening!", the nightelf whispered. But it did happen. A small spurt escaped her vagina. Jayla clenched her thighs together. Her hands in between. She could prevent the flood from coming out... for now. The pain grew with each minute. A voice in her mind shouted "RELIEF!" all the time. Jayla didn't want to give in yet but her bladder won the fight. With a loud hiss all the liquid escaped her. She sat there for something like a minute. As the leaking stopped she looked at her clothes. Her pants were soaked. At least she was sitting so the wetness just covered the area around her ass. Still this was a terrifying look for Jayla. It had been said that nightelf bladders cant burst. It was disgusting. She started to cry.

I hope you enjoyed! If you have any suggestions, leave them down there ?

