Torrie and Kaleigh’s Omo Adventures - Page 3

Author: slick66

*055*2021-01-29 02:04

Working on more, been slammed busy lately

*056*2021-01-29 05:22

The Summer - Beach Day

Fast forward a little bit through the winter months and the rest of the school year. Club WYP hadn’t had a chance to have another crazy party with the entire group, but groups of girls would get together here and there on weekends and indulge in late evening fun with each other at sleepovers. Jules and Bri had spent a lot of time together hanging out. Katie hung out a lot with Lizzie.

Niki was spending a lot of time getting together with Alyssa. Sammy and Mandy were spending a lot of time having fun with each other and they got quite close with Gabby and Haley and became a fun foursome that liked to hang out and spend a lot of time with each other and hadn’t met the core group of other girls yet, but as Summer was approaching, there were definitely plans to introduce them to the other girls.

Kay and Torrie spent many days after school getting together and spent a lot of time with each other on weekends, and were pretty much an exclusive couple, although they weren’t officially “out” as a couple, Torrie’s mom had a hunch that the girls were closer than just best friends and would often try to see if she could get Torrie to just confirm her suspicions, even though Torrie would never divulge anything, not that Torrie’s mom cared, she just wanted to know what the situation was and Torrie was afraid to out Kay or she would probably just come out and tell her mom.

The trio of Penny and Kimmy weren’t really into the group much any more and spent most of the winter back with their original group of friends, although they still remained friendly with Torrie and Kay, they more realized their “experimentation” phase was over and they decided to not really officially join the group like they were originally going to do, so Jules happily let them change their mind and they promised that they would never divulge anything about anyone in the group, they just realized that it wasn’t quite for them.

Sexy and curvy Dominican Anna on the other hand was very much into the group and was growing quite close with Cassie. Anna had always known that she was a lesbian and she loved Cassie’s sexy curvy body and she loved black girls and Cassie was pretty much a dream come true for her and her tastes in girls.

School ended in a rather uneventful fashion and all of the girls were psyched for the summer. Summer around the shore town was an amazing amount of fun. The girls all spent a lot of time on the beach and all had summer jobs lined up on the boardwalk for the summer at various places.

The first day of Summer Vacation as members of the Secret Wet Your Pants Club was going to start off a summer filled with fun days and nights. As the weather transitioned to being much warmer, many of the fun summer outfits of tiny little jeans shorts, khaki shorts, short skirts, and other cute summer attire was all over the area. Nights could still get cool in the summers, so even in summer, leggings and sometimes tight jeans were still worn around. The first day of summer vacation was a Wednesday. Some of the girls were working at their Boardwalk stands.

Biking was a really popular way to get around the town in the summer, so Torrie and Kay decided that they would ride down to the beach to hang out. Torrie’s mom was at work when Kay arrived at Torrie’s house. Kay had her bikini on under a super tight white v neck shirt that showed her cleavage off and she had a pair of skin tight black shorts. Under that was a really cute pink bikini that barely contained her large DDD/F sized boobs. Torrie still hadn’t gotten ready to go to the beach yet, she was actually waiting for Kay to get there, as it had been about a week since the girls had time to get together for any Omo Fun, because of finals and end of school year reports etc. Torrie answered the door wearing her cute little light blue cotton bed shorts and a white cami with no bra that made her look amazing as Kay waked in, she joked with Torrie.

“Are you going to the beach like that?”

“You’ll put on quite a show once that shirt gets wet….”

“No silly, I just haven’t gotten dressed. It’s still early, we have plenty of time to get down to the beach, tan for a while, then we can grab lunch. Jules and Bri are actually working at the boardwalk pizza place today”.

“Ohh, fun, that will be fun to visit them today”

Torrie and Kay had both gotten jobs as waitresses at one of the other seafood restaurants on the boardwalk. Bri and Jules’ outfits consisted of them having to wear khaki pants or shorts and they got skin tight black shirts with the name of their restaurant on them. They would wear super tight, short shorts, as that would definitely get them more tips from all the pervy older guys that couldn’t help staring at their asses. That was pretty much the standard outfit at all of the boardwalk run businesses, they just had different colored shirts that denoted the shop or restaurant that they worked at. Niki, Lizzie, Katie, and Alyssa were all working at the surf shop. Cassie and Anna were working at the candy shop. The non beach crew of Mandy, Sammy, Haley, and Gabby were all working together at a restaurant up in their neck of the woods.

Torrie brought Kay into her bedroom and asked her to help her pick out a cute bikini to wear for the day. Kay pulled up her shirt and showed Torrie her big boobs, but to show her the cute pink bikini she was wearing.

“Let’s be twins, you have one just like this, we will wear the same one”.

“Yes, that sounds like a great idea” as Torrie pulled out her cute pink bikini, a pair of tight black spandex shorts and a similar tight white shirt. “I think the black shorts will be nice, because we can not only have our wet bikinis on from swimming, we can pee in them and no one will know the difference…”

“Haha, I never thought of it that way, but you think of all the fun peeing outfits...that’s why you’re the best Tor”.

“Well, I guess I’ll get dressed...but...first...I thought maybe we would have a little bit of fun…” Torrie walked in close to her girlfriend and pressed her body up against Kay’s large breasts and put her hands around Kay’s waste and moved them back around to Kay’s ass and started to feel her up. She could feel Kay’s nipples starting to poke out of her tight shirt. As she massaged Kay’s ass and rubbed her chest against Kay’s, the girls began to kiss each other.

Kay’s hand moved down to Torrie’s crotch and she began to rub her, instantly finding Torrie’s hard clit, through her shorts, she rubbed her gently as Torrie Grinded against Kay’s hand. Torrie then slid Kay’s black shorts down and Kay kicked them off to the side. Torrie slid her hand down the front of Kay’s bikini and slipped her finger inside Kay’s puffy pussy and began to finger her, as Kay moaned with delight, Torrie was moaning as Kay was rubbing her faster and she was hitting Torrie’s sweet spot with intense pleasure. All of the sudden, Torrie exploded into her orgasmic state, her body shuddered as she shrieked in delight… “Fuck that felt good Kay…”

Kay could feel a warm wet spot had formed in Torrie’s crotch as she held her hand on Torrie’s pussy, almost feeling it pulsating in her hand as she held Torrie close, she could feel more warmth come out on her hand.

“Ohh, are you peeing…”

“I think I may have peed a little bit...she said with a little chuckle. “I have to pee more...let’s go into my shower”.

The girls entered into Torrie’s shower and continued rubbing each other. Torrie was pressed up against the wall of the shower and Kay kicked Torrie’s legs apart and thrust her hand down the front of her shorts, but over Torrie’s Panties. Without saying a word, Torrie relaxed her pussy and started to pee all over Kay’s hand and through her panties and shorts. Kay rubbed Torrie’s soaked panties furiously as the pee shot through her shorts and down both of her legs, tinting her shorts yellow from her morning pee. As Torrie finished peeing, Kay fingered Torrie to another earth shattering orgasm, which led to warm spurt of piss and cum shooting into Kay’s hand.

“Holy shit, that was amazing, I have been looking forward to doing that all week with you”.

“Me too babe, that was hot”

“Since I am wearing my bathing suite, I’m going to just… Torrie could hear the splattering of pee falling between Kay’s legs as she put her hand under the stream to feel Kay’s hot stream of pee shooting out of her bikini bottoms. After Kay finished peeing and Torrie cleaned herself up and rinsed out her clothes and left them to dry in her shower, she got in her bikini for the beach and Kay pulled her shorts up over her peed bottoms. Torrie felt Kay’s crotch through her shorts, feeling that the pee had wet Kay’s black shorts, but you couldn’t see it. This will be a fun day… Torrie said, we are going to just pee all day…

The girls made their way to the beach with their gear and waters. They locked up their bikes and found a nice spot on the beach. There weren’t a lot of people there yet as the vacation times for people would really kick off in the next couple of weeks. The girls laid out on their towels sunning themselves and chatting and listening to music. Kay leaned over and said...I need to pee again. The water is going right through me… Kay’s suite had dried pretty quickly from her earlier pee incident at Torrie’s. “Let it flow…”

Kay moved off of her beach towel and no one was near them, so she just squatted in the sand and peed through her bottoms. “See, you can barely even see that I’m wet’ Kay exclaimed proudly. She laid back on her stomach on her towel and started to doze off a little. Torrie felt a bit naughty, so while Kay had her head turned away, Torrie stood up over Kay’s back, no one was paying attention to them in their spot on the beach, so Torrie naughtily peed through her bottoms onto Kay’s butt just enough to that she stopped the flow and Kay Jumped as she felt the warm liquid across her ass…

“WFT, Torrie, people will see us…even though I want you to keep doing it…”

“I think you need some lotion on your back as she grabbed the lotion and rubbed it across Kay’s back as she sat down on Kay’s butt. While rubbing the lotion into Kay’s back, Torrie began to pee through her bottoms onto Kay’s butt, soaking her ass and getting her all wet, all the while, no one having any clue around them.

“Umm, that feels so warm on my ass...I wish you could rub my pussy right now”

“Well, we can pack up and head out after lunch if you want….”

“Maybe…” Kay winked back.

They girls decided to go up and visit Bri and Jules and get some pizza. It was a little earlier than the main lunch rush, so not a ton of people were there yet. Jules greated the girls at the front as the hostess and sat them down at one of Bri’s tables. They chatted a little bit. What time do you guys get off work today. We are both off today, we don’t work until Friday night Torrie offered up to Bri and Jules. We get off at 4 today before the dinner crowd starts, then the next shift comes in, Jules said.

Bri brought the girls their pizzas and drinks and chatted with the girls as Kay and Torrie sat next to each other in the same booth.

“You guys are so cute” Bri said endearingly. “I love you guys”

“Awe, thanks”

The girls finished up and waited for Bri to bring over their bill and after they finished, they then walked the boardwalk for a couple of hours, then they hit the beach again for another hour. The water was a little bit cold today for swimming so the girls decided that they were going to head back home. They got dressed back up in their shorts and shirts.

“I have to pee pretty bad again Tor”

“You’re not going to pee right now...you need to hold it until we get back to my place”

“I’ll try, I don’t know if I’ll make it back, but I’ll try…”

The girls got on their bikes and started to head back to Torrie’s house, which was about a 15 minute bike ride.

Kays bladder was really aching bad and as she pedaled, she rubbed her crotch into the bike seat to try to hold, but it did nothing but make her really horny…

“Tor, I can’t hold it...I’m going to piss myself”. Torrie slowed down and rode along side Kay to get a look as Kay stopped pedaling and started to coast… Kay released a huge river of pee from her pussy as it shot down both sides of her shorts and down her legs and onto the ground, leaving a trail behind them as they rode down the street. “Ahhh….that feels so good….”

“I want to pee too!”

“So...pee”

Torrie did the same, releasing her pee across her bike seat… she felt her ass get warm as pee shot back up her butt as she leaned forward on the seat…

“Yeah, I like that…”

The girls made it back to Torrie’s house with their pee drenched shorts and bikini bottoms… They immediately made it inside to get a quick make out session in and a shower before Torrie’s mom would be getting home from work.

*060*2021-02-02 04:24

Rainy Days are...Wet… - The morning

Torrie and Kay got off work on Sunday night after working the same shift together. The restaurant was busy, a lot of new folks had made it into town to start their vacations. A lot of folks would check out on Sunday mornings and new folks came into town Sunday Afternoons creating a generally busy scene at the restaurants in town on Sundays. Unfortunately for vacationers coming down the beach for the week, Monday’s weather was going to be really crappy and rainy. A costal storm was going to produce several inches of rain for the day, which meant that the boardwalk would be dead and there wouldn’t be much to do around town when outdoor activities dominated the summer landscape. Some people would make their way into the indoor arcades, there were a couple of malls in short driving distance, but generally with a wind driven rain around town, there wouldn’t be many people out and about on a Monday.

Torrie’s mom knocked on the door to let her know that she was leaving for work for the day.

“What’s your plan for today with the weather dear…” Torrie’s mom asked.

“Umm, I don’t know, I think maybe I’ll ask Kay if she wants to come over and watch some movies today.”

“Ok, that’s fine. You guys spend quite a bit of time together, don’t you get sick of each other...or”

“What? No, we don’t get sick of each other...we like hanging out and stuff. We’re best friends, of course we spend lots of time together”

“Listen, I don’t mind, you know I love Kay to death, she’s my 2nd daughter. I just...well...you guys seem to be...pretty close lately…which...I love you, so as long as you are happy, you know I’m ok with you guys being...close”

“Ummm...ok…I guess”

“Listen, I’m just saying...I love you and Kay and I know that you are both spending a lot of time together because you are a little more than just best friends...I know...and I’m ok with it, no matter what, I just want you to be happy”

“Umm...ok...Thanks mom…How did you know?”

“Just motherly instinct, I know you better than you think. Don’t want to be awkward, I’m heading out to work. Have a good day…”

“Thanks, I love you mom...If it’s ok, Niki and Alyssa asked what we were up to today, so would you mind if they came over today also?”

“Sure, as long as it’s ok with their parents that I’ll be at work.”

“I think so, we are big girls now mom…and we’re responsible you know…”

“Yes dear, I know…I’ll see you all later, text me what you girls would like for dinner from the Chinese place and I’ll bring home dinner for all of you”

“Cool, thanks, and mom...just don’t say anything to Kay’s parents about...us...and you know, don’t make her feel awkward later”

“Not my place to, that’s up to Kay if she would like to tell her parents or not, and I won’t make her feel awkward.”

“You’re the best mom ever”

“I know...See you later”

Torrie wasted no time texting Kay who said that she would be over soon. Niki and Alyssa also said that they would be over around noon or so to watch movies and “hang out” and they would all spend the night. Torrie was very excited the girls were all coming over. She also wanted to make sure she told Kay that her mom knew about them and that she wouldn’t make it awkward or anything. Torrie decided that she would release a little tension as she laid in bed, she started thinking about some of the wetting adventures she’s had and started to rub her hard clit through her little white panties.

She decided to pull up the initiation video folder and watch a few of the videos on her phone. While she stroked her pussy gently. She knew she had to pee pretty bad also as she hadn’t made her way to the bathroom yet since her mom woke her up and the more she played with herself, the more she felt the urge to pee. As she watched the video of Bri and Jules peeing on each other, she got so incredibly excited that she knew she could bring herself to an orgasm pretty quickly if she wanted to. 

As she gently rubbed herself all of the sudden a large flash of lightning lit up her window and a crazy loud clap of thunder shook the house, startling her enough that she burst pee into her panties, soaking the crotch and a bit down to her ass. Torrie’s heart raced from her getting the “piss scared out of her” quite literally. The rain pounded against her window as the sky had totally opened up. As she calmed down, she felt the warm wet spot in her panties, as she calmed down, she was suddenly startled again by the doorbell and yelling from down stairs…

“What the fuck”...she threw on a pair of sweats and ran down to the door to find Kay standing at the door, dripping wet from head to toe as rain was flying sideways, her shirt was soaked, her hair was soaked, and her light blue leggings were also soaked through as the rain was coming down so hard, you couldn’t even see across the street.

“Shit Tor, as soon as I left the house, the fucking sky opened up….I ran as fast as I could, but with my bag, it was hard, I’m soaked!”

“Haha, yes you are…”

“Well, are you going to let me in...the rain is cold hitting my ass…”

“Well…you can warm it up…” as Torrie held the door half open, not quite letting Kay in yet.

“Torrie! Let me in please….the rain is cold…”

“Ok, come on in, don’t cry…”

Torrie grabbed Kay in a hug.

“You are so warm” as Kay shivered from the cold rain and the cool air from the air conditioning in Torrie’s house.

“I have to admit, when the thunder came, I pissed myself… literally, scared the piss out of me…” As thunder continued to rumble in the background from the early morning thunderstorm. “I tell you what, we still have a few hours before Niki and Alyssa get here, so, let’s get you into some dry clothes and we can cuddle in bed and watch some tv for a while, I’m still kind of tired from work last night.”

“Me too”

“Before we get these wet clothes off though…let’s take advantage of it...because I have to pee so bad right now” Torrie confessed to Kay.

“I can always pee…” Kay laughed….”I have goosebumps, so a good warm pee willl be great”

“Ok, let’s go up in the shower, you’re soaked anyway”

Kay and Torrie hit the shower. Torrie took off her sweats and shirt and just stood in the shower in her white panties, Kay joined her fully clothed. Kay could see the remnants of Torrie’s small accident, with her little yellow wet spot in her white panties. Kay walked over and felt Torrie’s crotch and immediately Torrie let loose with a torrent of hot yellow pee in her panties. Her ass got wet about halfway up the back as she stood peeing with Kay’s hand pressed up against her crotch….

Kay then grabbed Torrie’s hand and put it on her own crotch and she let loose into her light blue leggings, quickly mixing her hot pee with the cold rain water in her pants. Her legs quickly warmed as the pee streamed down them. The girls then rinsed off in some warm water in the shower, touching each other gently and kissing as they warmed up in the shower. After their quick rinse, the girls took their clothes to laundry to get them dried up. The girls then climbed under the comforter in Torrie’s comfortable bed. Both girls decided to climb into bed naked and just cuddle and rub each other gently while staying warm under the blanket. It wasn’t long before the girls warmed up, as they rubbed each other, kissed and just held each other tightly… The took a little nap and waited for Niki and Alyssa to arrive...

*063*2021-02-07 15:38

Rainy Days are Wet - Part 2

Alyssa and Niki arrived together at Torrie’s house in the afternoon. Torrie and Kay were down in the basement playing video games when Lyss and Niki rang the doorbell. Torrie ran up and let the girls in and already she could tell that Niki was about to wet herself, she could see the legs crossed tightly and the slight rock of her hips going.

“What took you so long to answer???” Niki squealed

“We were playing an intense game of fortnite and you...interrupted us!” Torrie laughed.

“Ok, I’ll be right back, I have to pee so bad I’m about to wet my pants”

“Ohh, umm, you can’t use the bathroom up here, it’s broken…You’ll have to come downstairs to use that one” Torrie said with a grin.

“Ok, let’s go then, I’m about to pee”

The girls walked down, Torrie first, walking extremely slowly, with Niki right behind in a pair of cute and tight low rise jeans on. Lyss followed behind. “Tor, you are doing this on purpose….”

“Maybe...Maybe I want to see those cute jeans nice and wet...Why did you wait so long to pee anyway…I bet you have to go really bad and it’s about to come pouring out”

“Thanks Torrie, you are killing me…”

The girls made their way to the downstairs and just as soon as they got in, Kay had gotten up and ran over to the bathroom and went in and closed the door and sat in the dark. Niki ran over to the bathroom, fumbled for the light, turned around and Kay screamed….Niki screamed, scared half to death as warm pee started to flow from her crotch, soaking her light jeans down to her ankles, halfway up her cute little ass, and all over the front and down her thighs. Kay was laughing hysterically as Niki stood there pissing like crazy making a huge puddle on the floor, she was also laughing hysterically now that she had realized what happened.

“Fuck...that was wrong…” she laughed. “You literally scared the piss out of me…I can’t believe it…”

“Sorry, I heard what was going on upstairs and I just couldn’t help myself, I totally didn’t expect you to piss yourself...however... it was quite the show” Lyss and Torrie stood in the background laughing. “Come on, let’s get you cleaned up and get some dry clothes on, we can wash your jeans and such, I have to do a quick load of laundry anyway. Niki got into some dry clothes and the girls all went about playing video games for the next couple of hours.

Meanwhile, Katie, Bri, Jules, and Lizzie had all met up at the mall for the afternoon. What better way to spend a rainy day down the beach… go shopping at the mall, meet up with friends, hang out. There wasn’t much else to do on a rainy Monday without work. The girls had all lunch together in the food court enjoying some chit chat about working and what fun things they could do together over the summer vacation that was really just kicking off.

The girls finished up lunch and then got some large iced coffees from the Mall’s Dunkin’ shop and set out around the mall. Despite the generally cooler rainy day, the girls still were dressed in their best summer attire. Lizzie had on a pair of tiny white short shorts and a tight black top, Katie had on a pair of little blue jean shorts and a white top, Bri had a pair of tight black fabric shorts and Jules sported a really tiny mini skirt that made you think if she bent over, you were going to see the whole package. The girls went from store to store. Stopping in the lingerie shop to pick up some cute cotton panties.

The girls also hit a fun leggings shop that had hundreds of pairs of different leggings, all in different colors and patterns and such, and they were all pretty inexpensive, so the girls picked up a couple of fun pairs of leggings. Next was off to the swim shop as Katie wanted to pick up a new bikini. By this time, all the shopping was causing Katie to need to have to pee really bad. 

After she tried on and picked out her new sexy bikini, she informed the girls that it was time to hit the bathroom. The mall had 2 large bathrooms around the middle of the mall, and then the main anchor stores on each end of the mall had bathrooms as well. The girls started off to the one set of bathrooms. The cleaning crew just went in and closed the one set down, as it was a male cleaning crew, so they couldn’t let any women in to use the bathrooms until they were clean. Off to the next set of bathrooms... Closed...there was a bit of commotion going on and seemed like possibly a medical emergency of some sorts inside.

“Shit…” Katie thought… Katie sat on one of the benches squeezing her legs tightly together and leaning forward just a bit, she was trying not to jam her hands into her crotch in front of everyone in the mall, but she was also trying not to wet herself in front off everyone in the mall...

“I have to sit here for a minute to gain some control.” Katies tight shorts pressed firmly into her crotch, so that definitely helped curb the urge to want to explode. The urge had really hit hard all at once to go. The other girls had stopped to pee when Katie was shopping for her new Bikini, so Katie was on a bit of an island with needing to pee. She was really afraid that if she moved, she was going to pee all over the place. How would she hide that accident, plus Lizzie’s older sister Alexis still had to come pick them up, and she certainly didn’t want to have to explain why at 16, she couldn’t figure out how to make it to the bathroom, even though she would have normally just loved to let out the hot pee in her shorts and then masturbate to an incredible orgasm.

Lizzie walked back to the one set of bathrooms that were being cleaned, still shut down, the other was still closed also and the next closest one was all the way to one end or the other in the mall.

“Still no luck babe, bathrooms are still closed” she reported back to Katie.

“Fuck me… Well, I would normally just say I don’t care and I would pee my pants she whispered to the girls… but I don’t want everyone staring at me like some weirdo who couldn’t make it…”

“Well...what we can do is surround you so no one can see, two in the back, one in the front, and we will make a walk towards the bathroom, and you get there as quickly as we can, and then if you happen to pee as we walk, no one will see you, and we all have gone shopping... just put on a pair of the leggings you bought, no one will know the difference. Lexi won’t even have noticed and even if she does, you were cold and bought a new pair of leggings…” Lizzie encouraged to Katie.

“Great idea, let’s get moving” Jules picked Katie’s hands and pulled her up and the girls quickly blocked her in as a trickle of pee escaped into Katies panties and left a small wet spot on the crotch of her jeans as she winced out loud trying not to draw attention to herself.

“Ready, let’s go” Jules took charge.

They took a few steps and Katie could feel some more pee escape into her jeans and run down the inside of her bare thighs as she shivered a bit from the wave of pain that hit her bladder as they walked. “Not much further” Bri tried to encourage Katie as they started to get closer to the bathrooms. The closer they got, the more Katie’s mind told her that the pee needed to get out and get out now…with every step she took, she felt her crotch getting warmer and wetter with each step and she could feel rivulets of pee running down the insides of each of her thighs. It was the longest walk ever to the bathroom. The girls finally made it to the bathroom bank that was being cleaned… it was finally open…

The relief of the bathroom being open caused Katie to leak even more. Bri could see Katie’s cute little jeans shorts were wet in the back and she new that Katie was on the verge of full explosion. They made their way inside the bathroom. There wasn’t really anyone else in there at this point, so Katie and Bri rushed into a stall as pee was beginning to rush down both of Katie’s legs, leaving a small trail behind her. Lizzie and Jules quickly grabbed some paper towels and began wiping up the trail as they felt bad that the bathroom had just been cleaned. Katie just plopped onto the toilet without even attempting to take her shorts off and just let the pee come out. Bri watched intently as Katie’s crotch hissed and glistened with pee as it trickled into the water below.

“My ass is soaked…” Katie laughed… She could also feel the pee coming up the front of her shorts towards her stomach as it pooled up around and tried to make it out of her pants.

“Bri reached down and put her hand on Katie’s crotch and pulled the fabric to the side a bit and felt the warm stream shoot through the side and onto her fingers. Katie giggled…

“Hey, hurry up there, people will start to come in, no playing in there” Jules admonished the girls.

“I’m still peeing, I can’t help it… it won't’ stop coming out…” Katie whispered out loud. Bri had pulled a pair of fresh panties and leggings out of Katie’s bags. Finally Katie stopped peeing as she rubbed her crotch, she was now trying to quickly get off while Bri watched her rub really hard into her clit as she could hear some more trickling from the pee squeezing out of the soaking wet shorts.

It only took about a minute and Bri saw Katie’s sexy body shudder on the toilet from an orgasm, as Katie covered her own mouth with her other hand. She then heard some ladies enter the bathroom, Jules and Lizzie pretended to be finishing up. Katie stood up quickly and pee ran down both of her legs onto the floor from the wet fabric, she slid them down and let them and held them from hitting the floor so no one would hear them plop to the ground. She grabbed some black leggings from Bri and started to slip them onto her wet legs, crotch and ass. She waived off the panties…”I don’t need them, I’ll go commando to dry off” she whispered.

Bri pulled her shorts down and sat on the toilet after Katie moved over to the side and peed quickly. As she stood up, Kaitie realized Bri had peed into her pink panties, not a lot, but enough that they were pretty wet and she pulled her black shorts up over top with a devilish grin.. I didn’t want you to be the only one who was wet… “Thanks babe, I appreciate it” The girls made their way out of the stall, both grinning as all of the girls made their way out of the bathrooms.

“My sister is on her way over to pick us up”

“Thanks guys, I appreciate you helping me from being embarrassed in front of everyone. It was really exciting though as I walked through the mall peeing and no one had any idea… it made me so fucking horny…” I can’t wait to get out of here, I need to masturbate…”

“Again…” Bri laughed…”

“Wait, you...in the… stall???” Jules asked curiously

“Just a quickie…I’m still horny as hell”

The girls got in the car and made their way back to Lizzie’s house.

As Jules and Bri sat in the back seat with Katie, Katie put her hand on Bri’s damp crotch and she nodded over to Jules to do the same… Jules put her hand down on Bri’s crotch and felt that it was wet. She gave Bri a surprised smile. The girls got back to Lizzie’s house and quickly ran up to Lizzie’s bedroom and locked the door. Katie posted a message in the girls’ group chat, showing a picture of her soaked little jeans shorts and wet thong. “Totally pissed myself in the mall today... it was kind of exciting… I have to admit and it made me really horny...and no one knew except Lizzie, Jules and Bri… It was pretty hot…

The chat lit up with the girls commenting...

Mandy said that she was sorry that she wasn’t there to shop, she would have joined in the fun...Katie said that they should all try it to feel the excitement at some point.

Jules and Lizzie went into the bathroom and both peed through their panties and came back out and shared some more pictures to the group chat. We are going to now have some fun…

Niki told the story of how Kay scared the piss out of her earlier in the day and Torrie sent pictures of Niki in her soaked pants that she took as she stood behind Niki after the accident.

The girls spent the next few hours sharing pictures of each other in various states of undress and wet panties as they all played around on this “wet” and rainy day...

*066*2021-02-08 04:02

The Vacationers

On Saturday, Kay and Torrie were working their restaurant on the boardwalk and the new tourist crowd was starting to arrive for the weekend in full force. Kay and Torrie were both waitressing that night and were assigned to the restaurant’s outdoor area that had about 15 tables normally, unless there were large groups that they put tables together for. They worked the outdoor area really well together and in the short couple weeks they worked at the restaurant, proved to be really good waitresses and they got a lot of compliments and raked in tips from their customers, and would sometimes see repeat vacationers coming in.

In fact, the restaurant manager, Becky (who worked at the restaurant starting in High School and every summer she was in college), loved Torrie and Kay. She knew both of their families from being customers and residents of the town also. Becky just recently graduated from college and it was perfect timing, the old restaurant manager was moving out of the area, and the boardwalk owners loved Becky and knew that she was the one to take over as she knew the business from a table busser, waitress, hostess.

She even filled in as a line cook from time to time, she helped wash dishes if the crew got behind on busy nights, everyone on the staff loved her, and no one had an issue with her being promoted to the new restaurant manager. Becky was your typical cute beach town blonde, she had a rocking body, she loved surfing and tanning, she knew how to dress to get tips in the restaurant, and she also knew how to talk to people and be personal, and she even commanded the respect of all the employees that were older than her. Being the manager was lots of long hours and she was the person that would be there for all of them.

She never spoke of a boyfriend or girlfriend for that matter, she just was a worker. Although, she would certainly be a pick for anyone. She had actually graduated high school with Lizzie’s older sister, but they weren’t really in the same social circle as Becky was always engulfed in working and Lizzie’s older sister Alexis (Lexy) was not a worker, in fact, she was a bit lazy and would rather sit on the beach and tan all day.

One night at the restaurant, a group of 2 vacationing families came in, it was a party of 10. They were all super nice as they came and got seated on the outdoor patio that overlooked the bay. Kay and Torrie would work this table together as they also took care of their other tables, that way they could help get things to them quickly and they agreed they would split the tips from this large party. In the party were 2 sets of parents and each family had 3 kids each of various ages from 10 and up to 2 girls that were Kay and Torrie’s age, sophomore’s. They all came from about 4 hours west of the beach, but said this was their annual vacation.

Torrie and Kay made small talk with the 2 cute girls that were their age, asking them where they were from and such, asking them if they had a chance to hit the beach yet. The girls were both really cute, their parents were best friends, the girls lived next door to each other, and are best friends also and their birthdays were only a week apart. Both had long straight light brown hair. Emily had piercing blue eyes and Olivia had cute and devilish little green eyes that Kay thought just followed her everywhere she went around the table. The other kids were all younger boys that were a bit loud and rambunctious, and Kay and Torrie could tell that the two older sisters were definitely patient with their younger brothers, but that they probably got pretty annoying, pretty quickly.

The Night went on with lots of drinks, food, desserts, and fun as Kay and Torrie entertained the young boys every time they came to the table to make sure everything was good. As Emily and Olivia both got older, they longed to do something different on their annual vacation. They were hoping to meet some new people, maybe make some new friends, be able to branch off on their own and make some friends. Emily and Olivia made their way over to the bathrooms and made it a a point to seek Kay and Torrie out as they were cashing out some of their other tables, Emily and Olivia approached them and thanked them for taking care of them for the night.

“Hey, is there anything different to do around town...like...If we were able to get out of our hotel rooms...and maybe get away from our younger brothers for a bit…?” Emily asked Torrie and Kay.

“Well, if you guys are here all week, we can definitely meet up with you guys and show you girls some fun…” Kay smiled… She took a piece of her order pad and wrote down her number and Torrie’s number and handed it to Emily. “Here’s our cell numbers, we don’t have to work on Monday and Tuesday for sure, so if you want to text us, we can meet up with you on the beach”.

“Ok, that sounds great...We would love to meet up with you guys on Monday for lunch or something here on the boardwalk” Olivia said to Kay as she smiled at her and winked.

“Cool, we look forward to meeting up with you guys…”

Olivia moved past Kay towards the bathrooms and made it a point to get very close to Kay and Kay could swear she felt Olivia’s hand brush up against her ass as they walked by and Olivia smiled and looked back as they went in…

“I think that girl was just flirting with me, and she definitely touched my ass on the way by” Kay confessed to Torrie…

“Well, should I be jealous???” Torrie smiled at Kay as she took the check back to the large party’s table. Maybe they will be...fun… to hang out with…”

“I think they might, I’m telling you, that one girl, Olivia, she wants me…”

“Well...maybe we can have a little fun with them, you never know… They are pretty cute and they have hot little bodies…”

Torrie delivered the check to the families and when she went back to pick it up with Kay, the girls made it a point to thank Torrie and Kay and said that they looked forward to meeting up with them maybe on Monday at the beach.

Olivia and Emiliy’s parents thought it was nice that the girls made friends with some local girls their age. Olivia definitely had a little bit of a crush on Kay, as she sent Kay and Torrie texts with her number and a cute selfie of her and Emily, saying that they looked forward to meeting up with them. Kay noticed in the selfie that the girls sent that Oliva seemed to have pulled her top down to the point that she was showing nice cleavage in the picture.

The weekend ended and Kay and Torrie had received several texts from Olivia and Emily , mostly Oliva. She seemed to be pretty aggressive to make her intentions known that she’s looking to have a little bit of fun with either Kay or Torrie. Kay and Torrie wondered if Emily was into girls also, or she was more just along for the ride or a bit submissive to Olivan and she just went with the flow. Monday morning Oliva and Emily made their way to the beach and texted Kay and Torrie their location on the beach. Kay and Torrie responded and let the girls know that they would be over shortly to meet up with them.

Kay and Torrie rode their bikes down to the beach and met up with the two cute little brown haired girls. They set up their blankets near them.

“How did you guys escape your families? Torrie asked inquisitively

“Well, we’ve convinced our parents that we are old enough to break away for a little bit and they loved you guys at the restaurant, so when we told them we were meeting up with you guys, they were pretty happy for us. They know we need to get away from the 4 devil boys, or we won’t be able to take it anymore!!!” Liv stated.

“Well, that sounds good to us”

The girls chatted for a while and hung out in the sun, they got to know each other and all hit it off pretty well.

“So...Liv...I don’t want to make it awkward, but...I am just going to come out and be honest...I kind of felt like you were flirting with me the other night...Did I...read that right…?” Kay asked

“Was I that obvious??? I don’t know, I guess, I just thought you had a pretty amazing rack…and… yeah, we thought you guys were cute” Olivia grinned.

“Well, we do like to...Hook up with girls…” Torrie stated.

“We’ve...kind of experimented with it a little bit” Emily said sheepishly. “We kind of caught a little vibe from both of you…”

“Fuck...are we that obvious, my mom knew right away also” Torrie laughed…

“Your mom knows you guys hook up???” Olivia asked

“Yeah, she’s cool, she doesn’t care, she loves us both still the same”

“We like guys too… we just like to look at cute girls like you both”

“Well, let’s go up and grab some lunch, our friends Julia and Katie are working at the pizza place up on the boardwalk.”

The girls all made their way up to the pizza place and met up with Katie at the front desk.

“Hey bitches… Who’s your friends??? They’re cute…” Jules asked…

“This is Olivia and Emily, they ate at the restaurant the other night, so we all decided to get together today.”

“Ohhh, well….you’re both delicious….”Jules joked with the two girls as she brought them to a table for 4. “Nice meeting you both...Maybe before the end of the week, we will see you ladies again???”

“Maybe if we are lucky…” Liv stated, she was very up front and didn’t hide the fact that she was ready to try to hook up with anyone she could this week at the beach and it didn’t matter if it was a hot girl and she hit the jackpot with Kay, Torrie, and Jules.

“You guys know where the cleanest bathrooms are up here?” Emily asked. I hate public restrooms, they are always gross, but I have to go to the bathroom pretty bad”

“Well, they are all pretty gross up here unfortunately”.

“The ones at your restaurant the other night were nice”

“Yeah, our manager is very particular about keeping the restaurant clean. She’s only a few years old than us and she’s really fucking awesome to work for”.

“We really just need to head back down to the beach, we can pee in the ocean…” Torrie stated.

“True, I didn’t think about that, we are wearing bathing suits...We should just pee out on the beach” Oliva stated to Emily

“I guess you’re right…”

“Yeah, it’s ok to pee in your bathing suit...we do it all the time” Kay stated egging on Emily to agree to peeing herself in her bathing suit. “Let’s head over to the pier, we can go underneath and pee down there...The girls made their way down the end of the breach and under the pier… Kay just stood there and spread her legs and just started peeing through her bikini to break the ice...She peed for a good 30 seconds as Liv and Emily stood and watched intently as Kay now had a nice camel toe in her wet pink bikini bottoms… Torrie was next, as she did the same… she peed through her little yellow bottoms, loudly hissing as the pee soaked her crotch and ran down both of her legs…Liv and Emily just stood in awe as they watched the two girls pee…

Kay walked up and stuck her hand under Torrie’s crotch and gave it a nice feel…

“Ok, your turn Em, Kay walked up behind Emily and kicked her legs apart and put her hand on Emily’s ass. Emily spread and was a bit pee shy at first, she couldn’t get the stream to get started… Torrie walked up in front of Emily and put her hand down the front of Emily’s neon yellow bikini, feeling her rock solid stomach on the way down and mad her way to her tight little pussy lips… she spread them with her fingers and finally felt a warm steady stream of pee shoot out of Em’s pussy…

Kay felt Em’s ass from the back as the pee shot out and down both of her legs… Torrie slipped her finger inside Emily’s tight pussy, and caught her clit with her thumb… Emily wasn’t sure what to do… she just stood there peeing and feeling ecstasy from Torrie rubbing her from the front and Kay feeling her tight ask from the back…. Torrie went to town on Emily’s clit and within about 45 seconds, gave her an intense orgasm… Emily dropped down to the ground as her Knees buckled. “WTF…how did you do that to me???????” Em asked

“She’s got the magic fingers….”

Liv had on a skimpy black bikini… “Can you...do that to me…” she asked Kay…

Kay moved over to Liv and stuck her hand down Liv’s suit bottoms. Kay could tell Liv’s pussy was wet with excitement… she began to go to town on Liv’s clit… rubbing it hard and fast while getting two fingers in her hot little pussy….You could audibly hear Kay’s fingers going in and out of Liv’s pussy and then it came… Liv shuddered and moaned loudly… then all of the sudden Kay felt hot warm liquid shooting all over her hand inside Liv’s bottoms. It came and came…. and Kay rubbed more….and more hot warm liquid shot into Kay’s hand…

“Wow… that was fucking amazing…” Thanks Kay…

“Thank you…” Kay stated…

After playing around for a bit, the girls made their way back from under the pier and over to their blankets.

“Wow, I don’t think I’ve ever felt that way before…” Emily stated, her knees were still weak…

“Well, sometimes when you pee yourself, it makes for a pretty intense orgasm…We pee ourselves a lot...it’s a fun thing to do…” Torrie offered up to the girls…

Liv was just still in awe… “I like the feeling of peeing also…” she offered up… “I just thought you had a weak bladder all these years….” Emily sounded a bit surprised with Liv’s revelation… “well, kind of, in the sense of I like the feeling of being wet…”

Torrie and Kay just were dumbfounded at how they have been so lucky to have found all the girls in town that like peeing… and now they have found two out of town girls that are into girls and like peeing also...How is it possible to be that lucky they thought…”yeah, well, we have a group of friends that are all pretty into it around here also…” Torrie stated…

“Really??? That’s crazy….I thought I was one of the few that liked….peeing myself…I have a pair of panties that I keep stashed away in my bedroom that I take out and pee in all the time…” Liv confessed…

“Torrie and I get together all the time after school to pee and… well, you know, we like to hook up a bit…”

“Wow, that’s so hot, Kay, I have to admit, you have the most incredible boobs I have ever seen…”

“Well, you haven’t quite “seen” them yet…”

“We need to change that then don’t we” Liv stated…

“Well, that’s up to Torrie...you have to ask her nicely…” she joked…

“I would never deny anyone from seeing your boobs Kay….” I tell you what, if you girls are able to get permission, why don’t you ask if you can come over to my place tonight… My mom goes to sleep early, since she has to go to work early and then we can all hit the beach again tomorrow, we live pretty close, so you can get picked up at the house in the morning at some point. I’ve got some clothes that you guys can borrow to play in… if you’re interested…

“YES” we will text our parent’s, but I can’t imagine they would have a major problem with it…”

The girls texted their parent’s and let them know that they were invited to hang out with their new friends Kay and Torrie later that evening… and they were given the OK to do so. “Great, so we will see you both later, come by after dinner and you guys can hang out. Here’s my address for later… Torrie texted both of the girls…. We will have some fun… have you guys ever...drank…?

“Alcohol? Yes, we’ve been around it at parties a lot…. there’s not much to do out where we live… everyone has alcohol at parties by us…Liv stated…” I can also bring… a little bit of weed if you guys are interested….I brought a little bit for Emmy and I to do, but we haven’t had a chance to break away yet…”

“Well, we’ve never smoked weed, but when my mom goes to sleep, we have a nice covered patio behind my house, so we can definitely hide back there and give it a try…”

“Great, we will see you both later tonight!” Emmy and Liv exclaimed excitedly…

The girls made their way back home to get ready for their little impromptu date for later….

“Tor, I can’t wait, I want to bang the shit out of both of those girls….”

“Yeah, they both have rocking bodies...I can’t wait to get back with them again, they are fun…”

“Definitely!”

Kay and Torrie went home to prepare for their new friends to come over for some fun...

*069*2021-02-17 03:53

The Vacationers Part 2

Torrie’s mom got home from work and greeted Torrie and Kay. “Kay, are you joining us for dinner tonight?”

“If you’ll have me, I would love to join you!”

“Of course Dear, you are always welcome here!”

“So mom, we met a few new friends who have been vacationing here for years, they are really cool and I invited them to come over tonight, would that be OK?”

“If you both feel like they are nice kids, then sure, that’s fine with me. I have to get up early for work, so if I need to speak to their parent’s, let me know, I just ask that you all make sure you are not too loud, as it’s a work night for me.”

“Sure, that’s no problem, I’ll text the girls and tell them that it’s ok to come by and that you would be ok to meet their parents when they get dropped off. I told them around 8 would likely be best, knowing that you would want to be asleep soon after”

“That’s perfect for me dear, I appreciate that”.

Torrie texted Emily and Olivia and told them everything was a go and that 8pm would be perfect. They texted back saying that would be great, and that the two moms would be coming to drop the girls off. Torrie told them that her mom will be happy to meet them and such.

At 8 PM, the girls arrived, Torrie’s mom welcomed Liv and Em’s mom in and they made small talk and all got to know each other a little bit.

“Thanks so much for welcoming the girls into your house, they seemed to have it it off with your two girls and this gives them a change of scenery. They are getting older and it’s hard to keep them interested in hanging out with their younger brothers and us… you know how it is!”

“Yes, I totally understand. Torrie and Kay are two great kids and they were very excited to invite your daughters to the house. They were both a bit shy growing up, so I’m happy that they are meeting new friends. I have to admit though, Kay isn’t mine, she’s like my daughter, but she lives a few houses up, her and Torrie are best friends and have been since they were born.”

“Wow, that’s funny, that’s pretty much our girls also, best friends by default!”

“Well, the girls will have fun, I have to go to work early in the morning, but your girls are welcome to stay as long as they want in the morning until you come pick them up, I’ll make sure all the girls have a good breakfast, and then they are your’s again!”

“That’s great, thanks so much, we have just loved everyone in this town for so long and you just have confirmed why we love bringing out families here for vacation. I hope the girls will make life long friends with each other and be able to see each other for many years to come!” Liv and Em’s moms then left.

Torrie and Kay brought Liv and Em down to the bar and game room at Torrie’s house. The girls chatted and waited for Torrie’s mom to hit the sack for the night. She would take a mild sleep aid and would be pretty much out cold. She came down and told the girls she was heading off to sleep. That was Torrie’s cue to break out a bit of booze for the girls. Liv and Em were both wearing skin tight low rise jeans and tight little tops that showed off their rocking bodies. Both had a little visible panty lines and a bit of camel toe from their jeans hugging every single bit of their lower bodies.

Torrie broke out vodka and tequila and the girls all started taking some shots and quickly started to get tipsy and playing some games and telling tales of parties they’ve been to and Torrie and Kay told their story of how they got into wetting and watersports play and how their friends had a little bit of a secret club. Liv and Emily were extremely interested in the tales that Torrie and Kay had to tell. As it started to get a little bit later in the evening and the girls were a bit more tipsy, Liv stated that she was starting to get pretty desperate to pee.

Kay encouraged her that it was fun to hold as long as possible and Torrie started to get very interested as she knew that they would easily work Liv into wetting her pants soon. Emily then stated that maybe Liv should break out her weed and that they go outside and smoke a little bit of it to relax. Torrie and Kay had never tried weed before, but were certainly interested in it. Torrie’s mom was sound asleep, and the back yard was fairly dark at night with no lights on and the back yard was pretty private with the fence that they had, so other than someone being outside at 1 in the morning smelling the weed, no one should bother them.

The girls all head outside and Liv and Emily explained how to smoke the joint, as Liv lit it up and took her first hit off of it like a pro. Emily then took her first drag from the joint, held it in, and let it out and had a little cough at the end. She warned Torrie and Kay to take small drags to start until they got used to it and warned them they may choke a bit this first time. Torrie took the next hit, taking in a small amount and swallowing and she instantly started to cough, trying to quell the sound by grabbing a pillow from a nearby patio couch. It did a good job muffling the noise.

Kay took the next hit and the same ensued for her, a bit of coughing. Liv and Em laughed as they both took hits again. The girls passed the joint around for the next 15 or so minutes until they pretty much got it all down. Torrie and Kay were already a bit tipsy on the liquor, and how they just felt like very chill drunks, nice and relaxed. The girls sat down on the couches out on Torrie’s back patio. Liv and Emily weren’t quite as used to drinking as Kay and Torrie were, so they also felt some really enhanced feelings of the weed and were spinning a little bit on top of being stoned.

Kay was pretty hammered at this point and stood up and without warning, just started to piss down both of her legs with full force, she was wearing a pair of white jeans shorts and a hoodie with white panties. Kay’s little jeans shorts fit her crotch and ass nice and snug and the pee ran up her ass crack and filled her crotch and began to soak half way up the front of her sorts, definitely making them see through. Kay stopped the stream for a minute, but as quickly as she stopped, it started up again and Hot pee continued to well up in Kay’s nice thick pussy and pour down both of her bare legs. The other girls watched in amazement as Kay had no care of peeing in front of everyone. Liv and Emily were in awe of Kay’s freeness.

“Man, that was an insane amount of pee that just came out of your body…” Liv said as she looked on in amazement.

“It felt really good too”. I just couldn’t hold it anymore and it started to come out. I can usually hold my pee forever, but I legit just had an accident in my pants...It was like I was...I don’t know...out of my body or something, it started to come while I was sitting and I just stood up and it wouldn’t stop…What about you Liv, you said you had to pee pretty bad…”

“I was hoping to weary these jeans tomorrow again, it would be hard to explain to my parents why my jeans are full of piss”

“No worries, before we go to bed, I’ll throw all of our clothes in the wash and then we will dry them before you get picked up tomorrow...it will be ok if you wanted to wet yourself” Torrie tried to assure Liv.

“I'm so wasted right now, I almost don’t even care. I would even let you piss on me at this point.

“That could be arranged…” Torrie smiled devilishly.

Liv sat there on the outdoor couch and she spread her legs and leaned back on the wicker couch and pushed her crotch outwards a little bit. Torrie moved a bit closer and placed her hand on Liv’s inner thighs and just gently brushed against Liv’s pussy with the side of her hand, being a little bit slick as she copped a cheap feel, but she was also waiting to feel that familiar hot wet feeling on her hand. Liv relaxed her muscles and started to feel her panties get damp as she released a spurt, but instinctively her pussy stopped the flow even though she had to piss insanely bad.

Her tight flat tummy bulged at the bottom so hard in her jeans that she felt as though she would burst out of them soon. She tried to relax again and a larger spurt came out soaking through the crotch of her jeans as Torrie continued to rub Liv’s inner thighs and then she began rubbing the wet spot on Liv’s tight triangular bulge in the crotch of her skintight jeans. Torrie urged Liv to stand, saying that it would help alleviate the pressure that her tight jeans were causing and stopping her flow. Liv stood up and Torrie crouched down in front of her with her face in front of Liv’s crotch, she put both hands on Liv’s waste and then slid in and down to Liv’s crotch, rubbing the damp fabric, Liv swayed back and forth, finding it hard to stand from being wasted, but also from the pleasure she was feeling from Torrie’s hands.

Suddenly a nice warm stream seemed to start to come out of Liv’s jeans and started to run down the insides of her legs. Torrie moved her nose right up against Liv’s pussy and she could feel the hot pee, she stuck her tongue out and tasted the hot piss as it was flowing down both of Liv’s legs, and all up the front of her jeans. Torrie then began to rub Liv’s pussy harder with both of her hands as the pee continued to flow, pee ran down Torrie’s arms from the position she was in on the ground, she could feel the pee puddle around her bare knees as she knelt in front of Liv. Liv’s eyes were closed and she continued to sway back and forth, Torrie almost had to grab her around the hips again to keep her stable. Torrie unzipped the front of Liv’s jeans and slid them down and she went to town on Liv’s pussy through her little transparent white cotton panties.

She was rubbing Liv’s clit like crazy, when all of the sudden Liv’s body shook and she fell forward onto Torrie on the ground as she moaned. Torrie caught her and continued rubbing the shit out of Liv’s pussy, she shuddered again and began to pee again full force into her panties as she was on top of Torrie. Liv’s warm pee soaked into Torrie’s little cotton shorts as Liv’s jeans were still pulled half down. Torrie then repositioned herself on top of Liv’s crotch and she just started to pee through her little white cotton shorts further soaking Liv’s panties with hot piss and she continued feeling Liv’s pussy as her pee now mixed with Liv’s pee. Shortly enough, Liv had another insane orgasm… She was speechless… she was just in a state of almost passing out from the feeling of being wasted, but also from having so many endorphins from the orgasms.

Torrie’s pussy was now throbbing insanely as she jammed her hand down to give herself some relief. Kay could tell Torrie was insanely horny, but she watched as she gently rubbed her own crotch while watching. Emily sat on the couch and as Torrie stood up and looked her way, she could see a large wet spot on the tight crotch of her jeans. Em was so enthralled with watching all the pissing, that she was gently leaking into her jeans the entire time. In fact, her ass was soaked in pee. She let little spurts out soaking her panties and her jeans. Torrie drew Kay’s attention to Emily’s big wet spot on her jeans as she sat there now with her eyes closed rubbing her crotch on the outdoor couch.

She was so wasted that she was just getting herself off and seemed oblivious to what was going on around her. Kay and Torrie helped Liv up and got her skintight jeans pulled back up and buttoned. There wasn’t really a dry spot on them. She started feeling a little cold as they were soaked and it was only about 65 degrees out and breezy. All 3 girls watched Emily just quietly masturbate without a care in the world. They all didn’t say a word to her, they saw her shiver just a little bit and continue rubbing, then shivered again...and she moaned a little bit...she then stopped rubbing and she was breathing heavy...she took a nice deep breath and she just sat there passed out...like totally out cold. The girls figured they would get Emily inside since she seemed to be pretty hammered.

They got her up and walked her inside, all 3 girls needed to hold her up. Then Emily exclaimed she was going to be sick, so the girls rushed her into the bathroom that was in the basement and she puked in the toilet as the girls held her hair. After she finished she was crying a little bit, but she felt a little bit better. She had pretty wet jeans from peeing herself, so Torrie helped her up and sat her on the toilet and told her to pee before she went to get changed for bed. Emily just let go peeing through her jeans, further soaking her ass. When she finished, Torrie helped her up and pee that was welled up in her crotch started to slowly soak down her inner thighs a bit. Torrie helped Em take off her tight jeans and she felt up Em’s tight wet ass. Her panties were saturated and pee ran down both of Emmy’s legs as Torrie rubbed her. She then got her fully undressed and the wiped her down and the girls got her dressed into dry clothes and put her to sleep.

Kay and Torrie and Liv cleaned up and got changed into dry clothes. Emily was on the air mattress on Torrie’s floor.

The other 3 girls climbed into Torrie’s bed and Torrie and Kay both began making out with Liv, there was lots of fingering, feeling of breasts, especially Kay’s huge tits, Liv was enamored with them and Torrie couldn’t get enough of Liv’s tight little pussy, she just wanted to keep tasting Liv’s pussy. The girls made out for about an hour, with several orgasms later, the girls passed out.

In the morning, Kay woke up having to piss like really bad. She got up and went to the bathroom. While she was in there, she felt a bit naughty and decided to pee through her panties on the toilet and then put her shorts back on over her wet panties. She climbed back in bed with her wet panties. Torrie woke up and asked her if she was ok.

“Yeah, I had to pee really bad...I peed in my panties a little bit, so I just sat on the toilet and wet them more”. Torrie then slid her hand in between Kay’s legs and felt the warm damp crotch of her shorts. Torrie got up and said that she was going to do the same. Liv was still passed out cold. Torrie went into the bathroom, sat on the toilet in her panties and pissed a warm yellow stream of pee into her panties. They were soaked and yellow…She then pulled her tight spandex shorts up over them and went back into bed with Kay and Liv. Kay and Torrie held each other, gently feeling their wet panties as they fell back asleep again. A few hours later, Torrie’s mom knocked on the door and said she was heading to work.

Emily started to stir a little bit on the mattress from the noise and she threw back the covers. She started to feel panicked and embarrassed. She had wet the bed from being so wasted, even though Torrie made her pee before bed. She was drenched, her shirt was soaked, her panties, her legs, she was totally soaked. Torrie hugged her and told her not to worry, that it was ok, her panties were still pretty wet from peeing through them earlier, so she tried making Emmy feel better by pulling her shorts down and showing her the wet panties she was wearing and it was only an air mattress, it could be wiped down.

She actually sat down on the mattress with her in Emily’s puddle and she laid down in Emmy’s cold pee and she told her, let’s warm up this bed, Torrie started to piss full force, soaking herself again with hot yellow pee and she encouraged Emily to do the same to warm herself up. Emily relaxed and let more pee go as it soaked quickly into her already soaked shorts and panties. The wet clothes just clung to her tight little body. Kay then came over and decided to do the same, she added her pee to the mix. The pee then started to spill over the plastic mattress and onto the floor. 

Torrie grabbed some towels to absorb the lake of piss from the 3 girls. Liv was still dead to the world sleeping. After the girls made out with Emily a little bit, they all decided to clean up and shower together. As they were all showering and washing each other off, Liv came stumbling into the bathroom. Kay jumped out of the shower and grabbed Liv and dragged her into the shower in her clothes, soaking her nice little tits and shorts. She spread her legs and peed her morning pee, as hot yellow pee started to circle the drain in the shower and they stripped her down to wash her off…

The girls finally got dressed and went down to eat some breakfast and soon the girls got picked up. They would be leaving the beach the next morning, but the girls all vowed to stay in touch and they would for many more years, making it an annual tradition to get together at least one night during the girl’s vacation to get wasted, drink, and make out, that would go on for the next 4 years until the girls all ended up in the same college… but that’s for a story much down the line...

*072*2021-04-06 04:46

Sorry I’ve been away from writing, just haven’t had much time lately and when I have, it’s been more catching up on the rest of life. However, it’s not that I haven’t been thinking about a new chapter, I always have ideas in my head, so I think I finally have enough to write a little bit, so I’ll give this next chapter a shot and see how it goes!

Beach Trip or Pee Trip…? - Part 1

Katie and Mandy were texting back and forth one night about setting up time for Mandy to come take a weekend visit. Mandy mentioned how it would be fun for her and Sammy to come down to hang out and it happened that Katie’s parents were taking Riley out of town for a dance competition, and they were leaving on a Thursday and coming back on a Sunday and Katie had work obligations on Thursday and Friday, so she was given the ok to be able to stay home, so Katie couldn’t wait to have a little bit of home time to indulge in some fun alone, but also with her Mandy and Sammy. Mandy and Sammy planned to come down to hang out on the beach on Friday while Katie was working and then they would get together and hang out on Friday night and Saturday and then head back home on Sunday after breakfast and before Katie’s parents returned back that evening from their trip with Riley.

Mandy and Sammy also decided that it would be fun to bring their cute little cheerleader friends Haley and Gabby that they “saved” at the party last winter and then subsequently hooked up with that night, so they thought it would be fun to indulge with them a little bit. Katie texted Lizzie also to hang and hook them up with some beverages for the weekend which she would get from her older sister Lexi.

The Thursday night before, Katie got home from work to an empty house and was really anticipating the arrival of Mandy, Sammy, Gabby and Haley for the weekend. Lizzie was going to join the girls on Friday evening and then they would hang out on Saturday and planned to meet up with Torrie and Kay at the beach.

“Make sure you bring a couple of extra outfits with you!” Katie texted to Mandy.

“Why bother, I can just borrow your clothes...LOL”

“Anything you want wise ass”

“Oh, I want to come and party, get drunk, and have lots of wet action”

“Sounds Like a plan, can’t wait to see you guys and meet your two little tight cheerleader friends…”

Mandy sent off a couple of pictures of the girls to Katie…

“Can’t wait…”

Katie sat back and thought about seeing the two cute cheerleader girls in a pair of tight wet jeans, just imagining how firm their bodies were. She started stalking them on Facebook and looking through lots of pictures of the girls in tight leggings and their cheerleader outfits, bikini shots from pool parties. Soon she just laid back and closed her eyes and started to rub herself through her little Khaki work shorts and quickly realized that was probably not a good idea as she needed to wear them to work tomorrow, even though she was enjoying the feeling of the tight fabric on her pussy and the zipper was hitting her clit in the right spot… She whipped them off and started to masturbate furiously through her panties.

Soon she could feel them getting wet from being so horny and felt a big rush of pee escape and down her butt and onto her sheets. She quickly realized and snapped back to reality, inspecting the damage on the bed. Not too bad, but decided she didn’t want to have to change her sheets, so she quickly ran to her bathroom with her hand jammed into her crotch then entire way and as soon as she hit the shower, she climaxed again and just let the pee flow through her panties and down her legs… She caught her breath and couldn’t wait to continue having fun tomorrow as she turned on the shower to rinse herself off.

Friday morning had come and Sammy came and picked up Mandy and they headed over to pick up the pee twins (as they called them) Gabby and Haley, first thing Friday morning to start the hour and a half trip down to visit Katie. They were going to hit the beach first for the day. Sammy and Mandy got Haley and Gabby from Haley’s house and met Haley’s mom. She urged the girls to be safe and let them know when they got to the beach and Sammy assured that she would take good care of the girls and had made the trip many times. Sammy couldn’t stop staring at the girls as they both wore tight little white jeans shorts that were almost showing the girls but cheeks and hugging both of their tight pussies in the most amazing way. They were both also wearing tight blue half shirts showing their tight little stomachs off. Once packed up and on their way, Haley and Gabby exclaimed how excited they were to get down to the beach and hang out with Sammy and Mandy.

You guys have your bikini’s on under your outfits, Sammy asked. Yeah, we just figured it was easy enough so that we could hit the beach and just slip out of our stuff and hit the ocean. “Ok, good, that’s what we are doing too.” Sammy and Mandy both had on tight denim Jeans shorts and ironically, they also wore the same tight white shirts that you could see their bikini tops through a bit from the thin material.

Sammy laughed and joked how here and Mandy had the same outfits on and the “twins’ had the same outfits on. Even though Gabby and Haley were totally not sisters, they could easily pass for twins, they both had the same exact tight bodies, cute straight brown hair in a pony tail, cute little faces and they had the same mannerisms making them...twins as Sammy and Mandy called them. Sammy had a little bit of a devilish plan in place in her mind as soon as she saw the girls in their sexy little outfits.

She decided everyone needed to start the day out right with a nice large Starbucks drink and breakfast and all the girls agreed, so they stopped in, grabbed some drinks and a quick snack and ate at one of the tables and chatted about places that they wanted to go and how great it would be do so without any supervision for the weekend. Once the girls finished, Sammy had ordered another set of drinks for everyone to bring along in the car. Mandy knew where this was going…

“Oh, more drinks...I may need to hit the bathroom first before we head out then” Gabby said to the rest of the girls.

“Well, it’s already 8:30, we should get on the road, we have to get down there and get parking and stuff, so it’s going to be tight because it’s a Friday, the later we are, the harder it will be to find a place. Besides, it won’t take that long to get there and there’s already 3 people waiting, we can all hold it for an hour”.

“Ok, yeah, I will be fine, let’s go”

The girls hurried out and got on the road and started out. Sammy really wasn’t worried about finding parking, and she secretly knew that they were heading into rush hour traffic as it was still a work day, and they were going to be closer to 2 hours before they made it to the beach and then they needed to get their spot and make it to the beach, so there was sure to be some sort of desperation to pee, probably from all of them and Sammy was ready for it. Sammy had a cute little white bikini on, Mandy had a red and white polkadot bikini and the “twins”, as we will call them, both wore a little pink bikini under their outfits.

Traffic wasn’t terrible getting to the main highway down to the beaches, but it was a little slow and Gabby started to instantly regret not being more insistent on using the bathroom. The girls hit the highway, chit chatting about this and that as they continued on their way. Sammy had put a sizable dent in her drink already, as did Haley and Mandy. Gabby sipped her drink a little bit, but by this point, she really needed to pee and she was trying to minimize making her need any worse. About 30 minutes into the trip, the traffic started to come to a bit of a crawl. GPS notified the girls that there was an accident about 5 miles ahead. Gabby started to cross her legs as tight as she could cross them and it didn’t take Haley long to notice that Gabby was starting to look a bit desperate to pee.

“How you doing babe?”

“I have to pee so bad right now”

“Well, we are going to have a bit of time before we are able to even get off the highway” Sammy stated

“Great…” Gabby uttered under her breath

“Hey, listen, if you have to pee, you have to pee…what can you do right?” Sammy stated as she was trying to heighten Gabby’s need to pee by talking about it.

“Yeah, we know you almost peed in the car the night of the party, when you peed your pants…” Mandy reminded Gabby…

Haley caught on a bit on what Sammy and Mandy were doing and felt a little bit bad for Gabby, as she knew she was desperate to pee, but the talk of the party also brought her back to that night and how much fun she had with her girl on girl experiences that night with peeing and with how Mandy and Sammy were almost sexy little magicians with their hands and how they made her feel that night.

“If anyone finishes their drink soon, please feel free to give me your cup, I would certainly be happy to utilize it to pee in.” Gabby said in a pretty desperate tone

“Sorry kiddo, still have at least half of mine left, not sure I”m going to be drinking too much more”

“Same here”

“Yeah, I don’t think I’ll be finished either, and your’s is still full” Haley stated.

“Yeah, and not only that, if you were to win your pants down, the guys in the work truck next to us, can see right into the car, so you would be giving them quite a show” Mandy stated…

“UGGHHH!, Yeah, I guess, but I almost don’t care at this point” Gabby said

“Mandy peed in my car the last time we came down this way to visit her cousin…”

“Umm, yeah so did you!”

“Really...Do tell…” Haley asked…

The girls then recounted the tale of how they were in the car and couldn’t pull over and had to pee so bad that they couldn't wait and how Mandy had an accident in her jeans, then Sammy peed in her jeans and the girls then attended a “pee party” and showed up in their wet pants ready to go and then told of all of their experiences of PEE, PEE and more PEE…..

By this time Gabby was so desperate that she had her hand jammed into her crotch, her legs were bouncing up and down and she was rubbing herself to try to hold the pee in, but she knew that it was not long before she was going to lose this battle, and it was she was going to piss herself in the car, try to empty her drink out and then pee into the cup or even if she was able to get out of the car, she wasn’t even sure she could walk more than a few steps without exploding. 

She tried drinking some of the drink to see if she could make some room in the cup, but she knew that it wouldn’t be much and that even if she peed into the cup, she would have to probably pour it out the window and empty it to be able to keep peeing and she knew that once she started, there was going to be no stopping it. All of the sudden she felt her face go flush and she felt her hand start to get warm. She was so numb in the crotch that she didn’t even feel that she was peeing at that point. Haley watched intently as she knew Gabby was losing it. Tears of pain welled up in Gabby’s eyes.

“Sammy….I’m so sorry, but I…”

“It’s ok, you can pee, we can wipe the seats down, besides, I want to see that cute little ass all soaking wet…”

“Me too…” Mandy said as she excitedly turned around in her seat and looked towards to back while Sammy moved the mirror to see Gabby in the back seat.

Gabby’s ass started to feel warm and a stream of hot yellow pee started to pop our down the front of the seat and onto the floor as well as pooling up around Gabby’s tight little ass. She had given in and Haley reached over and spread Gabby’s legs with her hand to get a look at Gabby’s crotch. The tight white shorts she was wearing had become a bright yellow as the pee poured out of her tight little pussy so fast that it was even coming out the sides of Gabby’s shorts.

“Damn girl, your shorts are soaked and yellow…” Mandy laughed… “I want to get back there and feel that ass…”

Gabby had a big sense of relief and then she suddenly came to the realization that when she got out of the car at the beach that everyone would see her yellow peed shorts. “Fuck, what am I going to do about my shorts, everyone is going to see that I pissed myself”.

“Don’t worry about it...when we get out, just take them off and wrap a towel around yourself until we get to the beach.”

“Yeah, that’s true, I actually think I brought a little wrap, it really feels so good, I’m so sorry I made a mess on your seat Sammy” as she squished in the puddle.

“It’s all good sweetie, you need to get up and show me your ass so I can see it in the mirror… and I’ll forgive you”. Gabby undid her seatbelt and picked her ass out of her pee puddle as her tight shorts clung to her ass and you could see the outline of her pink bikini bottoms through the wet white denim. All 3 girls whistled and hooted and stated how hot she looked in her wet shorts...Mandy slapped her in the ass and pee spattered off as pee also ran down Gabby’s legs. Then Mandy started to run her hand along the inside of Gabby’s thighs from behind and reached her tight crotch full of dripping pee and felt her up. Haley watched on in excitement. “If it makes you feel any better, I need to pee pretty bad also.”

“Why don’t you slide over into Gabby’s seat and pee there, so that way there’s not two pee spots in my back seat Sammy laughed.”

“Ohh, umm, yeah, I was going to just hold it…”

“No, slide over and pee, it’s ok, no sense of holding it and hurting” Sammy encouraged Haley…

“Umm, ok…I certainly wouldn’t mind peeing” she laughed.

Gabby sat back down in her seat and motioned for Haley to just come over and sit on her lap. “I’m already soaked and it’s starting to get a little cold already, so just come and sit on my lap.”

“Umm, ok… Haley said again…

“Fuck yeah…” Mandy screamed. “You guys are making me so horny, I’m about to have an orgasm and piss myself” Mandy exclaimed proudly as she rubbed her pussy through her tight little denim shorts. Haley slid over and sat on Gabby’s lap and Gabby wrapped her hands around Haley’s waist to hold her on her lap, she moved her hands to touch Haley’s soft skin across her six pack stomach and then slid down to Haley’s hips and then back up around the front of her and into Haley’s crotch. Sammy could see a little bit of what was happening in the mirror, but knew she had to keep her eyes on the traffic in front of her. “Fuck, this isn’t fair that I can’t watch this…” Mandy was peaking around the corner of the seat and motioned to Sammy that she was recording it on her phone…

Haley took a few minutes, but she finally got her stream started and warm pee filled her little pink bikini bottom and started to saturate her white shorts as pee ran down her butt and into Gabby’s crotch. Gabby had one hand in her crotch and then moved one hand into Haley’s crotch. She rubbed her crotch as Haley’s hot pee started to warm the entire front of Gabby’s shorts, mixing with the pee that was already in her pants. Pee smells wafted through the car as the pee twins lived up to their name. Gabby rubbed herself and Haley at the same time as Mandy continued filming as both girls were almost oblivious to what was going on around them at this point. Haley finally finished peeing as there was now a lake of pee on the seat and on the rubber floor mat by her feet as her feet spattered in the pee puddle on the ground.

Mandy rubbed her crotch as she intently watched Gabby rubbing the hell out of Haley. Haley’s eyes were half shut and almost in a trance as she shuddered and moaned…”Damn girl, let it go” Mandy egged her on. She could then see Haley’s crotch glisten again as she pushed out more pee…Mandy had started to form a nice wet spot on her shorts from rubbing herself and from little leaks of pee that she was doing while rubbing and watching the girls in the back. Haley moved back over to her seat in her soaked shorts and Gabby was just absolutely drenched. She looked like she just got out of the ocean in her shorts, but she was still sitting in her seat…”

Mandy unbuckled herself and quickly climbed into the back seat as the traffic had stopped for a second on the highway and she slid over next to Gabby in the back seat.

“Wait, what the hell, you are leaving me up here in the front by myself…”

“I’ll be back...maybe…”

“Just stay back there, I can’t have you climbing back and forth while I’m driving”

Mandy’s wet spot was starting to grow on her little blue jean shorts. She sat in the middle between the two girls and she jammed on hand into Haley’s crotch and one into Gabby’s crotch and felt the pee on both of them. “You guys have such tight bodies, I’m in heaven right now…” Gabby and Haley then each put a hand into Mandy’s crotch and they both started to rub her gently. Mandy shut her eyes and arched her back up off the seat as she had her hands in the twin’s peed pants and they were rubbing her when the dam broke and Mandy started to wet her pants, the pee quickly ran down ass and her light denim shorts turned a dark blue as the pee soaked them through. Mandy leaned over and kissed Gabby, she started to definitely swap spit with her and then she reached over and grabbed Gabby’s perky little breasts, leaving a visible wet spot on her shirt from the pee that had soaked Mandy’s hands.

She then turned her attention over to Haley and did the same to her and Haley was ready to reach in and kiss her passionately, catching Mandy by surprise, but she loved it. The three girls sat in the back seat, soaked in pee, rubbing each other and making out as Sammy jealously drove while thinking about getting involved in the make out session the whole time, but she couldn’t because she was driving. Sammy figured she would at least have a little fun while she listened to the kissing and moaning in the back seat, she slowly let little spurts of warm pee out into her shorts a little bit at a time, just enough to wet her pants, but not make a big mess on the seat and she rubbed herself with one hand, while driving with the other. This went on for about 30 minutes when she finally pulled into town. “We’re here…”

By this time Sammy’s shorts were pretty wet with pee, but she managed not to make a puddle in her seat. All four girls realized that they were all soaked in pee and needed to get out of the car to get to the trunk to get towels and such. Sammy volunteered to jump out and when the coast was clear to grab some towels for the girls, party because she was just leaking a little bit here and there and she wanted to jump out and pee really bad. They pulled into a lot to park and drove all the way to the end of a row where no one seemed to be around.

She got out of the car and looked around and no one was anywhere near them other than walking down the street in front of the car, so she knew that she would be in the clear to pee standing at the trunk. She raised the trunk and stood there and immediately started to pee, her shorts were so tight that the pee started to climb up her butt and ran nicely down both of her smooth tan legs. She sneakily put her hand down and gave a few quick rubs to her crotch as pee continued to cascade down her legs and onto her feet and sandals. It seemed like she would never stop and it just kept coming out.

Her ass was drenched and the pee had also run halfway up the front of her shorts as well. Gabby peaked out the door and asked if everything was going ok back there. “Yeah, well, I had to pee also, so I’m peeing right now”. Sammy grabbed the beach bags and handed them to girls in the car. They all slipped their soaked shorts off and and stood in their wet bikini bottoms. Being that they were in bathing suits, wet bottoms didn’t really look all that out of place as everyone was walking around from the beaches, but the girls put some wraps on anyway to walk to the beaches with. The girls decided that they would lay their wet shorts out on the back seat and they cracked all the windows open to let in some fresh sea breeze. They cleaned up the pee on the floor and seats with a spare towel that Sammy kept in the car in case she had to pee.

The girls headed out to the beach to get their tans on and get ready to meet up with Katie and Lizzie later that evening!

To be continued...

*076*2021-04-30 10:09

Meanwhile…It’s been a while, I’ve been plugging away at this chapter for a few weeks here and there when I’ve had a few minutes. I Like it, I hope you all do also, it’s been a while to write it, but it’s a fun chapter. Inspired by some of the stories on the experiences pages of the forum...

Katie was just waking up, getting ready for her mid day shift at work and then getting ready for her friends to come over later tonight. As she woke up, she couldn’t help getting super excited about the day to come. She knew Lizzie would be coming over, and she hadn’t hung out with her in a couple of weeks and last time they were together, Lizzie was wearing the most incredible tight grey leggings that just hugged every curve in her lower half, showing the most incredible thigh gap, and sinking into her but cheeks and showing every curve of her pussy, she might as well have been naked, because there was nothing left to the imagination in these pants.

She didn’t get to see Lizzie pee in them, because they had only met up for a few hours before one of Katie’s work shifts on the boardwalk for a quick lunch and then they parted ways for the day, but that image left Katie so wanting more of those leggings, she requested Lizzie to wear them tonight when they hung out. Just sitting in bed, she couldn’t help thinking about them. Then there was the famous tight little Pee Twins that she’s heard so much about from her cousin Mandy and of course, Sammy, who just lit up the room with sexy fun any time that she was in it, and she knew how to just turn everyone on in every situation.

Katie had been masturbating for as long as she could remember and at least once a day, sometimes once in the morning and once before bed. She, like Torrie, had been able to master the multiple orgasms as well. She had also secretly loved peeing and masturbating, which is why she fit in so well with Torrie and Kay and of course her cousin Mandy. She and Mandy had loved peeing as far back as they could remember and were always naughty about peeing and masturbating and talking about it. As we touched on a while back, Mandy was adopted when she was a about 4 years old out of foster care, but as Mandy and Katie grew up together, they were the best of friends, cousins by means of family ties, but not by blood, so when they started to begin to explore their sexuality, they never felt anything taboo about hooking up with each other, or being in the same room when masturbating, or just hanging out and talking about all things kinky with each other.

Katie would often look back at one of her most vivid memories of when her and Mandy realized that they would be uninhibited around each other. Mandy was sleeping over at Katie one night a few years ago, and Mandy had been fidgeting around, it was super late and the girls were playing around on their phones and chatting and Mandy had her hands down by her crotch and was squeezing her crotch with her hand and kind of rocking back and forth when Katie asked her if she was ok. “What you doing over there??” Are you...Playing with yourself?”

“Oh, yeah, well, I was checking out some stuff on insta and it was making me a little...you know”

“What...excited?”

“Yeah, and I really have to pee bad, but I don’t feel like moving right now, check out these hot girls on this page…”

“Damn...they are hot, are you, into girls more than guys” Katie asked sheepishly

“Yeah, by far, I don’t know why, I just have always love girls, it’s just the way I am, is that ok?

“Yeah, I mean, I think I’ve always kinda felt that way too, but I’ve never told anyone about it and..you know.. I have never really...done anything with a girl or anything…”

“Yeah, I’ve never “done” anything with a girl either, but I want to so bad”

“I like to feel myself also, all the time…” Katie blurted out. “I love the feeling, I do it all the time”

“Well….Ok, I guess we are just opening right up to each other”, Mandy laughed. “You know, we aren’t really related...as Mandy started to just spread her legs a little bit with her hand down her pants now. Why don’t we “get off” together, show each other how we do it...maybe...I can help you and you can help me…”

Katie's Mind was racing so fast and her heart was beating fast, was she up for this?? Right here with Mandy, who she’s really felt like a blood cousin, but the excitement of the proposal by Mandy was hard to pass up, it was her chance to explore something she’s felt for a while, but never had the opportunity to act on… “Sure... I’m...up for “trying” some stuff out” Katie said

“If that’s the case, I’ll tell you another secret, I want to pee in my pants right now”.

“Wait, what do you mean, you WANT to pee in your pants?”

“Yeah, I have been doing it forever and I love the feeling, and I always have to hide it, because I was doing it a lot on purpose and getting caught and my mom was getting so mad at me. I always claimed I couldn’t hold it and she even took me to the doctor, but the doctor said there was nothing really wrong with me, Just a “stage” maybe, and it is I guess...one that I want to keep doing…I realized after wetting my bed one night that I loved the feeling and I had done it again on purpose until I got in trouble, so now I have some hidden clothes in my room that I use to pee in all the time”

“WOW, ummm, I don’t know what to say. How have you never told me this before???”

“Well, it was a little embarrassing to tell you that I like to piss myself on purpose because I like the feeling...you know??”

“So what happens, you pee and you...masturbate?”

“Yeah, something like that. Sometimes I masturbate and I pee while masturbating…almost like I can’t control myself. Have you ever peed your pants before...on purpose…?”

“I mean, I’ve peed my pants before....by accident...I was never really embarrassed about doing it, never really got in trouble for it, just been more...accidents. I guess I don’t mind it. I mean, I always pee in my bathing suit when I’m at the beach, it’s just so much easier than finding a bathroom because I’m usually wet anyway and it is nice and warm.

“Yeah...that sounds hot, I would love to see you pee in your bathing suit…” Mandy started to rub her crotch through her cute, skin tight, light pink leggings that she was going to wear to sleep as Katie just sat watching intently and started to feel that tingle in her crotch from watching her “cousin/bestie” start to masturbate right in front of her. “I bet the pee is so warm when you pee in your bathing suit, I want to put my hand underneath it and feel it” Mandy said while she had her eyes closed and was rubbing the outline of her swollen pussy lips...

Mandy was so engulfed in herself that Katie was watching a small wet patch form on Mandy’s leggings, turning the material from light pink to dark pink, and she watched it grow slowly and then realized that Mandy wasn’t stopping her pee and it was just glistening as a puddle formed on her bedroom floor. It seemed like Mandy was peeing for 2 minutes straight full force on the floor...in her pants.. Mandy’s ass and pussy and legs were soaking in a lake of yellow pee right on her floor. The light pink leggins were dark and yellowed and Mandy was now rubbing even more furiously and she was moaning lightly. Katie’s heart raced, because what if her mom had woken up and heard them talking and she came in.

Mandy had peed a lake on to Katie’s bedroom floor...how were they going to clean it up… It was hardwood floor where Mandy was sitting, but it was spreading towards the throw rug she had near the bed, she quickly got up and ran into her bathroom and grabbed her bath towel and ran back and put it near the carpet so the pee didn’t roll onto it. Mandy was still going to town, unknowing Katie had even moved. All of the sudden Mandy’s body shuddered and Mandy squealed. Katie’s crotch was now pounding with excitement, but she was just frozen with the site that she was witnessing and she was scared they were about to get caught. Mandy was almost in a trance as she shuddered a few more times and her fast breathing started to slow a little bit, her eyes opened and realized the size of the piss lake that she was sitting in… “shit...shit...I’m sorry Katie, I didn’t mean to make such a huge mess on the floor…”

“Ummm that’s ok, I think we can clean it up...I mean, but what if my mom asks what happened, we have to get these clothes clean, I mean, you are covered in pee right now and so is the floor”

“Yeah, I wasn’t really thinking about that, I got caught up in the moment…” What if you...just did the same since we already have a mess going…” Mandy stood up, her leggings were saturated and pee dripped off her tight ass and spattered on the floor, she turned around to inspect the damage and felt her ass and squeezed some of the pee from her leggings. She walked up to Katie and led her over to the pee puddle which now Katie was standing in. “wait, I”m standing in your pee...what the fuck”

“Shhh, you’re going to wake up your parents, keep quiet and don’t worry about it, you’re going to pee also anyway” First, you want to see what my pants feel like….She grabbed Katie's hand and pulled it towards her crotch. Katie held her hand there and Mandy moved it up and down. “Do I have to do the work for you??? She laughed…”you can touch, I won’t bite” Katie’s heart raced as she felt Mandy’s piss soaked pussy. Mandy then pulled them down and exposed a pair of completely yellowed and see through white panties. “Your panties are screwed, they are totally yellow”.

“Yeah, it’s ok, it’s not the first time I’ve peed in these anyway, they are fine...Come on now, you’re turn…”

Katie was wearing a pair of cute little short white shorts and a matching PJ top with white panties under as well. She stood there and Mandy then moved her right hand down to Katie’s crotch and spread her legs apart and cupped Katie's pussy and ran her finger along Katie’s slit, Katie closed her eyes in ecstasy as Mandy’s fingers caressed the outline of her throbbing pussy...Katie could feel her panties getting damp, but she didn’t think she was peeing yet, just getting damp... She was so horny at this point that she was having a hard time getting her pee stream to start… “Go ahead, relax and let it come out”

“I can’t, you’re...making it hard for me to pee…”

“Ohh, sorry, your pussy is just so amazing, I’ve been wanting to do this forever…” Mandy stopped rubbing, but left her hand close to Katie’s crotch, she could feel the heat coming from Katie’s body as she was definitely very warm and flushed from the excitement, on top of being super hot to Mandy. Soon, Katie was able to let out a spurt as she soaked the crotch of her shorts...pee trickled a little down the inside of her cute tan and thin legs. Mandy went back up and felt the pee soaked shorts. “That’s all you got?”

“No, I have more, I’m...trying…” Katie relaxed again and let more out… Mandy watched as she could see Katie’s little white shorts go a tinge of yellow...Finally Katie just relaxed and the pee started to flow down both of her cute tanned legs and out of her crotch. She could feel the pee sneaking up her backside also as her butt started to get warm, she put her own hands back to feel the pee on her pants and Mandy was rubbing her gently as the pee came pouring out of Katie’s crotch….

Katie moaned and breathed quickly as Mandy felt her up. Katie finished peeing and Mandy slipped her hand inside Katie’s pants, her fingers were a little cold as they entered Katie’s pussy...using the pee as lubrication, she went to town and almost instantly gave Katie an orgasm...Katie then started to put her hands around Mandy and began feeling Mandy’s soaking wet ass. Pee smells were filling Katie’s room, but she didn’t care, she was going for it. Mandy leaned in and gave Katie a kiss…as she then rubbed Katie’s ass. Mandy pressed herself up against Katie’s leg and rubbed her pussy on her while moving her hands to Katie’s breasts. Katie then felt her leg start to get very warm… Mandy was peeing through her panties onto her leg and she moved her hand right down to Mandy’s crotch. She couldn’t believe how much more pee was coming out. Mandy then started to lower both of the girls onto the ground and they were both sitting in the pee lake on the ground….

“Let me see your ass in those soaked panties” Mandy stated

Katie got up and bent over with pee just running down her ass. Mandy could see the outline of Katie's ass as the wet panties clung to her and went into her but crack and accentuated Katie’s pussy from behind. Mandy then did the same for Katie…Then the clean up had to begin…

Katie laid in bed remembering her fond go to memory once again that happened just a few feet from where she was laying thinking about it and rubbing her pussy as she always did first thing in the morning. She couldn’t wait until later today when she could get with all of the girls as she hadn’t been with anyone in a while to have any live fun and she’s been dying to have some girl fun. All of the excitement and rubbing and thinking about what was going to happen later just got her so interested in being naughty. She glanced over at her clock and she knew she still had about an hour before she needed to be ready for work, so enough time to finish off her excitement and shower and get ready and head out for work. She picked up her phone and realized she had a bunch of texts from Mandy.

“Hey babe, we are down here, looking forward to seeing you and your friend later!”

“check out these two little hotties, they both couldn’t wait and peed in Sammy’s car on the way down...LOL”

Pictures of the “pee twins” in their soaked white shorts showed up… Then a few pics of Sammy showed up.

Fuck, that is hot she thought, she sat back staring at the pics on her phone. She got up out of bed and grabbed a few towels from her bathroom floor that she needed to throw in the wash and folded them up and placed them down on the bed and laid down on top of them. Katie was wearing a pair of tiny little black spandex shorts and she had a pair of silky white panties on underneath and a snug white T shirt. Katie's nipples were out and showing through her shirt as her nice little perky breasts sat under her shirt. She laid back on her towels and slowly released her hot pee into her shorts.

As it spread down under her butt, she could feel the towels quickly getting saturated with her hot, yellow morning pee. It felt amazing as she had her legs slightly bent up towards her, she could feel the pee gently creeping up the back of her t-shirt. She didn’t think she had to pee as much as she did and started to worry that the towels were not going to protect her sheets. She was able to cut the flow and realize that she was soaked, but only a small amount had made its way to the sheets below. She quickly pulled the sopping towels and brought them into her bathroom and laid them down in her tub and laid down on them rubbed the pee into her crotch and masturbated furiously.

She then felt super naughty and pulled her legs up over her head and started to pee more, and her hot yellow pee slowly soaked her stomach and her shirt quickly yellowed and became see through as she finally finished her last pee. She rubbed her wet tits and felt the hot slippery pee all over her body. She continued going to town and finally came to an amazing orgasm. She just collapsed in exhaustion from the immense impact of the orgasm. Her body then just released any last bit of pee that was still in her bladder. Katie stood up, went to her full length mirror and snapped a bunch of pics and sent them off to Mandy… “can’t wait to do more of this with you guys later…xoxo”

