Evron and Dylan

Author: Squeezies

*000*2022-06-11 12:18

Characters Evron Species: Incubus

Age: Unknown

Sexuality: Pansexual

Alliance: Chaotic Neutral

Role: Caregiver

Appearance-

Hair: Bright red, medium length

Eyes: Large, rich gold, heavy lashes, slight dark circles

Height: six feet, five inches

Weight: one-hundred-eighty-five pounds

Defining Characteristics: Large black angel wings coming out of his back, ten foot wingspan

Dylan

Species: Neko

Age: 22

Sexuality: Gay

Alliance: None

Role: Little

Appearance-

Hair: soft shaggy brown

Eyes: chocolate brown

Height: five feet

Weight: one-hundred-twenty pounds

Defining Characteristics: cat ears and tail in the same color as his hair

Chapter One-Keep in mind this was started years ago and i feel some parts are a bit cringy lol

Evron groans as he walks through a human city. He had been sent to earth as a punishment for a failed mission given to him by his king, Lucifer. He remembers just how badly he failed and covers his eyes to fend off an oncoming headache with a sigh. He messed up very badly and feels like a complete idiot.

It is at this moment that a young neko named Dylan notices the incubus. He gets a feeling in his gut that tells him to go over to Evron. Following this instinct, he runs over. Another feeling takes over him and Dylan hugs the larger male the second he notices him. This startled Evron but once he gets over his shock, he wraps his arms around Dylan.

Evron chuckles and speaks in a sultry voice. “Hey there cutie pie~.”

Dylan giggles, starting to fall deeply into little space. Evron notices this and whispers, “Now that's a good little boy, so adorable.”

Dylan whines now, speaking in a higher pitched voice than normal because he started to feel small. “Nuuuu!! Nah coot!!”

“Aww but you are, little one…”

Dylan blushes, buries his face for a second then pulls away, forcing himself to be big now. He is very embarrassed that he slipped. “W-wanna go eat?”

Evron’s heart melts from Dylan’s cuteness and he nods, a soft expression on his handsome face. “Of course, little one, of course.”

They both smile and head to a nearby restaurant. Dylan orders chicken strips and Evron just got a glass of wine. Evron stares at Dylan as he noms on his food.

Dylan blushed under the demon's stare “Wh-what is it?”

“You’re just too perfect to look away from.” Evron replies lovingly.

Dylan blushed deeply and quietly looked down at his food.

Evron chuckles and takes a sip of his wine, smiling to himself then notices that Dylan is squirming.

“Are you alright sweetie?” he asks in a concerned voice.

“Y-yeah…” Dylan responds nervously.

Evron is definitely not convinced but he leaves the subject alone, trusting that Dylan will tell him if something truly is wrong. He notices the smaller boy wriggling in his seat and frowns softly.

Dylan finally speaks up, whispering his need. “P-potty…”

Evron smiles, stands and takes Dylan's hand in his. “Let's go then.”

The smaller boy smiles as he stands, following the larger incubus as he is led to the nearby bathroom. Once inside, he freezes, a look of disgust on his face. The bathroom is horrible. Mold covers the walls and ceiling and the smell is foul, mold mixed with the scent of the puddles of urine on the floor.

Dylan gulps, getting a twisting feeling in the pit of his stomach. He chokes out a single sentence. “I am not using this bathroom…”

“Agreed” Evron says with a curt nod.

The two then leave the horrid bathroom, get a to-go box for Dylan, pack up his food then finally head out of the restaurant then back into town. As they walk around, Dylan becomes more and more desperate. Evron notices as the neko squirms and whines more and though he is worried, Evron becomes aroused. He decides, so long as he is okay with it, that he will push Dylan to his limit.

Dylan whines for a while, his tail soon finding its way between his legs. He realizes something then tugs Evrons sleeve. “I-I forgot to tell you my name…”

“Well, what is it then?”

“It’s Dylan.”

“Nice to meet you Dylan. I go by Evron, sometimes just Ev.”

They then both go silent apart from Dylan's occasional whimper. Evron keeps an eye on Dylan and at one point whispers into his fuzzy ear, “Wanna come to my place? It 's pretty empty since I just moved in but it's clean.” he had indeed just moved in, needing a place to stay while on earth.

Dylan quickly nods, desperately wanting a nice, clean, quiet bathroom. Though, unbeknownst to him, Evron does not plan on letting him use it…

*001*2022-06-11 13:21

Chapter Two

The pair soon arrives at the apartment building that Ev is staying at. Dylan is squirming and his hands are gripped tightly to the hem of his hoodie. He keeps rubbing his thighs together and hopping from foot to foot as the pair moves to the elevator. Evron notices and chuckles gently as he presses the up button. The elevator dings, the doors open and the pair walks in together. Dylan takes a few shallow breaths, hunched over ever so slightly and whimpering. When the elevator doors close, he whines more audibly and pushes a hand against his groin.

Evron chuckles a little bit and leads Dylan to his apartment. He whispers softly, “Kitten… You look really adorable right now. I want to see how long you can keep this up. Will you hold it for me?”

Dylan blushes at the nickname then his eyes widen from the request Ev makes. He feels shy and nervous but he’s a little excited by this idea. “D-do you have extra pants…just in case?” He asks in an equally quiet tone as the demon unlocks the door to his apartment.

Evron smiles brightly at Dylan’s question and nods. “Yes kitten. I do. Do you think you’ll make a puddle?” He asks in a teasing tone.

The neko stays silent this time. Evron leads him to the bathroom just in case he doesn’t want to engage in the little game before going to sit on the couch. He won’t pressure the boy into something he is uncomfortable with. As he walks away, Dylan looks at the toilet and shudders before going back to the living room and sitting down next to Evron.

“Good kitten.” Evron says to him in a soft but pleased sounding tone. He is very happy that Dylan is willing to play his little game. He had expected him to refuse.

The neko blushes a little bit and looks down at his knees. Keeping his thighs pressed firmly together, he leans against the demon’s side. Ev wraps an arm around him anr rubs his arm gently. “Its alright kitten. You can back out any time you want. I dont want you to be scared. I want you to try and have fun. ‘Kay?”

Dylan takes a slow breath and nods, smiling softly. “Y-yeah… I can do that. Thank you.” He replies before wriggling a little bit and bouncing just slightly on the cushion. The pressure between his hips is getting more intense by the second. Its causing a rather unexpected but not unpleasant throbbing sensation between his legs too.

“Ev…?” He starts nervously. “Is it uh… normal that this is… turning me on?” He finishes in a whisper. He starts rubbing his palms against his thighs now, wanting to keep from holding himself as long as possible.

Evron turns to him and tilts his head. “Hmm? Of course it is. Why else would I be asking you to do this? I’m not an ass. Im just…kinky.” He shrugs as he finishes speaking then leans back against the cushions. “I am an incubus after all.”

Dylan stares at him with a confused expression for a moment before nodding. I have cat ears. I shouldn’t be surprised by that. He things, the same ears he’s thinking about flattening against his head as a wave of need rushes over him. He whimpers softly and grabs his member through his pants, feeling the harsh denim press against his palm as he squeezes his eyes shut. “Nnng….”

After the sound escapes him, he starts breathing heavily. He’s lost in his own world of desperation and near bliss, completely unaware of the demon’s gaze on him. He gasps as he suddenly feels a hand on his shoulder. Evron moves his hand from Dylan’s shoulder and down his arm, soon grasping both of his wrists. Ev looks up into Dylan’s eyes, silently asking for permission which is granted with a soft nod as the neko feels a trembling in his full bladder.

Ev smiles and looks down at the others pants as he pulls their hands away. Dylan instinctively resists for a moment, panting softly. A second after his hands are pulled fully away, a small dark spot starts forming next to the zipper of his jeans. He whimpers softly, still trying to hold it like Evron asked before moaning softly as it all starts rushing out of him. His tired legs twitch a little as they relax and part a few inches.

“Aah…mmm… f-feels good…” Dylan mumbles to himself. After awhile, he finally finishes. He’s left panting in a puddle on the couch with a pleased Evron beside him.

“You did so well kitten.” the demon whispers against his ear, causing the fluffy tip to flick softly. “Youve earned a nice….warm shower.”

Dylan simply nods before saying, “That sounds nice.”

*002*2023-11-17 20:39

Chapter Three

Evron stands slowly, not wanting to startle his exhausted kitten who is still breathing a bit heavily. He seems dazed, which makes sense after such an energy consuming task. The cloudy look in his eyes, coupled with the flush in his cheeks and the adorable twitching of his tail, all make Ev’s heart melt. He can’t hold in the soft “Aww…” that soon escapes his lips, and get’s Dylan’s attention.

Dylan blushes even more deeply from the sound, trying to lean forward and stand up only to suddenly be lifted. He squeaks in surprise, first looking down to see his damp legs wrapped around the demon’s larger body then up to see the expression of pure adoration on his face. Evron gives the neko a quick peck on his forehead, and Dylan reflexively closes both eyes and starts purring. He leans his head against Ev’s neck, and starts licking it gently as he’s carried toward the bathroom. The licking tickles, pulling a chuckle from deep in the demon’s chest.

They arrive in the bathroom, and Evron sets Dylan down on the counter. His shirt is a little wet now, the sight prompting Dylan to curl in on himself in embarrassment and stopping the rumbling in his chest. He presses the heels of his palms against the counter between his thighs, and whimpers as he pulls his shoulder in to appear even smaller than he is. Evron notices the shyness, and moves closer again. He uses his palm and fingers to brush Dylan’s hair and ears back, exposing his forehead so he can give it a more loving kiss than before.

“It’s alright sweetie. I wanted you to have an accident, remember? No need to be embarrassed. You did absolutely nothing wrong.” The soft tone Ev speaks in brings comfort to Dylan, allowing him to relax and for his purring to resume. The sound is once again interrupted, but this time by another rumbling sound. One that comes from lower…his belly. He places one of his hands over his stomach, slipping into little space again.

“Mmnnn….tummy hungies…” he mumbles quietly. Ev nods a little bit, and starts to undress the kitten as he replies.

“I bet you are. Why don’t we get washed up, then I’ll make you some chicken nuggets. Sound good kitten?” He asks while gently tapping Dylan’s nose with the pad of his finger.

Dylan giggles a little and nods, face flushing again as he starts kicking his feet. Evron lifts him enough to remove the kitten’s wet pants and underwear, before removing his own coat and t-shirt. He turns to the shower, and twists the knobs to turn on some very warm but not hot water. He then pulls the small button to make the water come out of the shower-head instead of the bath faucet. Finally, he slips his bottoms out and turns back to Dylan who immediately lifts his arms and makes grabby hands.

“Uppies!” the kitten nearly shouts, his voice pitching up slightly in his little space. Unable to resist the adorable ball of fluff, Evron lifts him into his arms before stepping into the shower. He feels secure, not worried about falling at all thanks to the anti-slip mat in the bottom of the shower. Not that he would fall anyways, he is an immortal being after all.

Dylan pays no mind to his surroundings, unaware of Ev’s inner monologue. He rests his head on the demon’s chest, listening to his slow but even heartbeat. His whole body relaxes, his purring deepening as the warm water washes over him. He feels himself starting to fall asleep, but can’t make himself care. He feels soft, warm, and safer than he has in years. Evron doesn’t seem to mind him nodding off either, and only pets him gently before sitting down on the floor of the tub.

As his little one nods off, Evron reaches for some shampoo. He allows his wings to show, protecting Dylan from the torrent of water as he pours some of the hair soap onto his hand. He gently scrubs Dylan’s hair, being incredibly careful around his ears. He still has to wash them, and rubs them gently between his thumb and fingers. A soft whimper escapes Dylan, and Evron is worried for a moment before realizing it is the exact opposite of a pained whimper. The kitten’s face has flushed again, and his shaft is hardening between his legs even in his half asleep state.

Ev feels his face heating up, and he starts to slowly pull his hands away, only for another whine to grab his attention. He looks at Dylan’s face. The kitten’s eyes are now open and he’s pouting. “Y-you don’t need to stop…it feels nice…”

Evron nods a little. He had stopped because he was unsure if Dylan was okay with it, but now he’s been reassured it’s fine. He starts washing Dylan’s tail now, pulling more whimpers and mewling sounds from the neko. He starts breathing faster, the head of his member flushing slightly as the scrubbing brings him right to the edge of climax, before suddenly it stops. He looks at Evron again, a look of betrayal on his face. Ev only gazes back with a sly smirk.

“I never said you could cum baby~” he says in a provocative tone, getting a pout as his reply. Dylan crosses his arms and looks the other way, before Evron stands and closes his wings. He lifts Dylan to his feet as well, then grabs the showerhead. The demon rinses all the soap out of Dylan’s hair and tail, making the kitten shiver from the nice feelings, before very quickly washing the rest of both of them with body wash. He wants to get the rest of the shower done as quickly as possible so that Dylan can have the nuggets he was promised. This however, doesn’t keep him from teasing the boy a little more by turning the showerhead to a very powerful setting, and spraying it directly against the underside of his tail and the pinkish hole beneath it. This spray, of course, pulls a soft moan from the kitten but only lasts long enough to make sure he is as clean as can be.

After the playful wash has been completed, Dylan is left needy and squirming. The pair get out of the shower together, get dried and dressed off, then go to the kitchen. Dylan sits at the table, while Ev gathers ingredients to cook.

He gathers the few ingredients he needs to make chicken nuggets. The chicken itself of course, some bread crumbs, some oil, a bit of salt and pepper and the most odd ingredient for this recipe. Mayonnaise. It seems like a very strange binding agent, but it makes the breading much thicker and tastier. He uses it in place of eggs, though it’s already made from eggs so it’s more that they were prepared more thoroughly than just cracking them and whisking.

He pours some oil into a pan, and turns the heat onto medium. He then cuts the chicken into small pieces, and puts them into a bowl of mayonnaise with salt and pepper mixed in. He mixes this around until the chicken is coated, then dunks each piece into the bread crumbs to coat them before putting them all into the oil. He allows them to fry to a crispy state.

As Evron cooks, Dylan gets more and more antsy. The arousal from the shower is fading and in its place, a gnawing nervousness fills his stomach. He’s scared. What if Ev never wants to see him again? What if he did something wrong? Why is the demon so quiet? Why- His thoughts are cut off by the incubus speaking in a soft and caring tone.

“I hope we can do this again.” He starts, taking a breath before continuing. “But if we do, we need to discuss our boundaries and expectations for a relationship.”

