Hailey's On It! Pee Holding Adventure

Author: romanf123

*000*2023-07-15 09:39

Hailey's On It! - Omorashi Pee Holding Adventure - 15th July 2023

This is my first story/fanfiction on this platform, so i'm sorry if something is wrong or I put this in the wrong place. For those who don't know what this show is:

SYNOPSIS:

This story will revolve around the new show "Hailey's On It!" starring a Hawaiian-American girl named Hailey Banks and her best friend Scott Denoga. She has a "list" of tasks that she has been creating throughout the years. Due to events that occurred, she HAS to complete EVERYTHING on her list, whether she likes it or not. It just so happens that Hailey Banks may also have a small bladder and may have put a Pee Holding Challenge onto her list of tasks, and there may also be chaos bots from the future trying to stop her from completing this task.

Chapter 1 / Part 1 There is no wetting in this chapter, and this is purely to set up the story.

It was 7:30 am, Hailey woke up to a slight urge coming from her bladder. "Ugh, I have to pee." as she remembers she had forgotten to pee the night before. She quickly hops out of bed and heads for the bathroom, only to suddenly be stopped by BETA at the doorway to her room: "Since you have no plans today, If you have to pee, now might be a good time to complete #277 from your list: While having to pee, hold your pee for 12 hours." BETA said. "Hold my pee for 12 hours!?" Hailey replied. "I can barely hold my pee for more than a few hours! How am I supposed to hold my pee for 12 hours? Scott wrote that as a joke back in fifth grade to make fun of my small bladder." Hailey replied.

Just as they spoke, she heard a knocking sound coming from her window. It was Scott. She opened the window and let him in. "Scott, remember when you wrote me holding my pee onto my list, I completely forgot you wrote that on my list! Scott, WHY did you have to write holding my pee as one of the tasks? It wasn't funny then and isn't funny now." Hailey said. "It's easy to hold your pee, Hailey. Just.. don't use the bathroom." Scott replied. "It's not that simple, Scott! When you have to pee, you can't stop thinking about waterfalls and liquids and- You get the point." Hailey said, as she felt a slight twinge in her bladder as she pictured waterfalls in her mind.

"It still is funny, Hailey! To prove how easy it is, how about I hold my pee with you? That way, we can be in it together. We can go somewhere where you can't find a bathroom or sources of running water, so you can't be tempted to pee. We can each drink the same amount of water throughout the day and I can prove to you that holding your pee is easy." Scott replied. "How about we both ride to the mountains and go for a long walk? I'll bring the water." Scott suggested.

Before they left for the mountains, BETA had to tell them something: "The professor knew that this task would be one of the hardest to validate. Using technology from the future, the professor left you a box under your bed containing special white-colored panties which change color to yellow if a SINGLE drop of human urine touches it. They cannot be removed for 12 hours once they are put on UNLESS you... have an accident in your- you get the point. Anyways, you have to put them on." BETA said. Scott looked annoyed. "Bummer, the professor didn't make any special briefs for me? Tell that professor that i'm going to take on the challenge with Hailey Banks, and she better give me a pair of special briefs too." Scott remarked.

Hailey blushed and interrupted. "Scott- Scott, BETA, don't look. Turn around! Cover your eyes!" She said embarrassingly. She undid her blue jean overalls and took off her panties and switched to the professor's special, white-coloured panties. "O- Okay, i'm done. You can turn around now." She said as Scott and Beta turned around.

Beta had one more thing to mention: "Oh, and one more thing. Scott, the professor knew you would want to give Hailey company and join her on her task." Beta said. Suddenly, a box suddenly appears between Hailey and Scott, attached to it is a note stating: "Here are those briefs you asked for, Scott Denoga. Also, here are specially crafted self-refilling bottles of special water, which acts as a super diuretic, and will make its way to your bladder much faster than normal water or any other type of liquid."

"I knew the professor wouldn't forget about me!" Scott remarked. As he opened the box, it was revealed to be white briefs, similar in color and texture to what the professor gave to Hailey, and a few, bottles of water which look no different to normal water.

Without warning, Scott quickly grabbed the briefs inside the package and was removing his jeans with no shame or embarrassment in full view of Hailey, to exchange his briefs for the professor's. Hailey was blushing hard, of embarrassment but also a twinge of excitement...Before Scott could remove his Briefs, and expose his- thing in front of Hailey, Hailey said:

"S- Scott, don't you want some privacy?" Hailey said, looking frightened.

She quickly turned around so she wouldn't see it and so did BETA. "I guess the professor really went all out for this task, huh?" Scott said as he finished changing. "You can turn around now, Hailey. I'm done. To start, let's both drink a full bottle of this special water before we head out for the mountains. Don't worry about me already peeing and having an advantage. Becker was in the bathroom all morning so I haven't peed since last night either." Scott said.

BETA set the timer: "12 hours and counting, Hailey! And, Scott I guess. 7 PM and you will have completed this task off your list! I suggest we get moving to the mountains, so there are no distractions." "Alright Hailey, let's go! You carry the special waters, and i'll drive the bike. I promise it'll be easy to hold your pee with no distractions. Don't overthink it Hailey!" Scott said as they headed for the bike.

END OF CHAPTER 1 / PART 1 - Continuation Soon

It's 5 AM, i'm going to leave part 1 there. I wanted to create a Hailey's On It omo as there are 0 about this show as of late.

So far, I have them going to the mountains, somewhere slightly remote and somewhere where she can't just hide inside of her room if she wets herself. She is forced into a situation where her and Scott will both be equally desperate and will possibly have accidents with no privacy to hide or just "go in the woods."

I'd love to hear from you guys though and let me know which direction you think this story should go.

PLANS:

What i'm thinking is either they stick to the mountains as they become more desperate to pee OR they stumble across a County Fair. Hailey doesn't want to go into the crowds as she fears she may have an accident but Scott rushes in, so she has to go with him. Maybe they meet someone like Kristine there, and she sticks with them, and since she's a vlogger she could be vlogging their encounter or their walk. Hailey DEFINETLY wouldn't want to have an accident in front of her! Maybe they get stuck on one of the rides, in an uncomfortable position on their bladders. OR, maybe they stick to the woods and never find a fair, but something else? Let me know where you think it should go!

Let me know how I did on this, and i'm hoping to see it through if you guys like it!

*004*2023-07-16 04:35

{{2 minutes ago, Golden Guard said:

This is great! I also recently started watching Hailey's On It and I love reading about couples' desperation, especially in the context of holding contests so I'm excited to see the continuation of this story! (I know this isn't written to be a holding contest, but Scott holding his pee to prove a point kinda feels like one to me, so it's a big plus for me)

My only criticism (and this is purely my own opinion) is that 24 hour holds are extremely difficult, heck I'd even say a bit dangerous, even if you start with an empty bladder. And you're making them start with a slightly filled bladder + making them drink diuretics. Unless you're planning to make them wet very very quickly, the story is gonna feel a bit unrealistic. Lack of realism in stories kinda turn me off since I'm a science major lol. I'll try my best to ignore it though since I'd also like to see more Hailey's On It Omo stories.

County Fair definitely sounds like the more interesting option. Gives them more incentive to not wet themselves. I'm especially excited to see how you write other characters' reactions to their odd behavior during this task.

}}

Yes, I was unsure of just how long they should have to hold it but I also wanted it to be something she had to actually put effort and dedication into. Maybe it should be 12-16 hours instead of 24 haha. The County Fair is a pretty good direction, you know Scott will want to experience the attractions and such. Maybe they will also try to complete another task at the fair, keeping them there? I was hoping to somehow insert Kristine into the story, as Hailey had mentioned that she had embarassed her in the past, and she definetly wouldn't want to wet herself in front of her, and her vlog viewers... Let me know what you think and i'll see how to proceed. I'm still open to changing the hold duration to 12-16 hours haha.

*006*2023-07-16 04:44

{{3 minutes ago, Golden Guard said:

I feel like "forgetting to pee last night" and then being forced to hold it for several more hours in the morning while regularly drinking fluids is already a really difficult challenge. Maybe I also have a small bladder, but I don't think I could last 3 hours in that situation lol. My morning pee urge usually hits me like a truck. But it is your story, 12 hours definitely sounds a lot more reasonable than 24 lol. (Or make her hold it for 24 hours since her last pee, that's also really difficult)

}}

I went ahead and changed it to 12 hours. I'd like to think that Hailey doesn't have a big bladder, and that she will be a little bit more subtle about her need to pee, but scott will hide it if Hailey asks to prove his point but on the inside he'll be bursting. I'm definetly excited to continue this story, I think Hailey's On It has good potential for omo

