Victim of the Empire: Arihnda Pryce's accident

Author: starwarsomo

*000*2024-06-11 04:02

Governor Arihnda Pryce and her troops were searching for clues that leads to the Rebels in the distant vast grassland on Lothal.

Their target is to find transaction records or report on the Spectre Rebel cell in a small outpost. To keep a low profile they took a ride from the Capital to the boundary of the rural zone via a Lambda-class shuttle, and have a little walk to the target location. It was a breezy, cloudy and dry afternoon when the search begins, the last time Pryce used the bathroom was 3 hours ago in her residence, just before she departed from the Imperial Complex.

During the walk, Pryce drank water for several time due to the dry weather, she almost emptied her 1L water bottle within an hour, as a consequent, her bladder fills up gradually that causes discomfort to the Governor, who have been holding her pee for 4 hours, yet the amount she's holding now was insufficient to cause deparation. As time passes away, the team get closer to the destination, Pryce permitted her troops to take a break to her surprise the male stormtroopers were pissing toward the giant rocks as they also have held their piss for a long time, the visual impact and the sound of flowing urine teases Pryce's 70% fulled bladder, "I'm a governor, I can't urinate in the public! I can hold it." Pryce calm herself down, she stand straight with her hand resting on the sides, showing no hints of her desperation.

Meanwhile, the Death Trooper commander, which is also the only only female in the team other than Pryce walk toward the Governor and speak through the voice scrambler, "Governor, do I have your permission to urinate here? I know a Death trooper have to be disciplined, but I'm very desperate to urinate! Governor please!" Although Pryce was facing the same situation as the young commander, she rejected her request as she thinks that a commander is a role model and must behave well, the poor commander turned back to the bladder-emptied stormtroopers and continued walking with a full bladder as Pryce ordered.

On the way, the breezy weather and ticking of tall grasses teases Pryce bladder and make her unge to piss increase dramatically, she also noticed the commander is squirming under the all-black armor, though the male stormtroopers couldn't noticed. 30 mins later they finally reached the place: an abandoned outpost composed by a small concrete hut and some cargo containers. "Search for computers or data loggers, there might have some records on the Rebel's activities." Pryce order her troops, despite of her desperation she's always on the mission the she ignored her bladder and search fortraces leading to the Rebels. At the same time, the young commander have reached her limit, she entered the concrete hut.

Searching for a washroom but found none, once there should be a spaceship parked at the plain outside with toilet onboard and hence its

Unnecessary to have one in the hut, losing all the hope and control over her bladder the young commander finally piss herself, the noise of splashing unine was so loud that everyone in the hut, including Pryce, were attracted by it and look at her, the commander was shocked and embarassed, urine kept gushing through the armour and gap and fingers, seeing the others pissing is too much for Pryce's bladder. [Ending 1: Fear of wetting herself, Pryce took the opportunity and slipped away (everyone was staring at the commander).

Once she was outside the hut she runs toward the nearest tall rock with her hands holding her crotch, after ensuring that no one can see her or hear her, Pryce loosen her belt, lifting the uniform skirt piece pulling down her pant and panty, squat down and release her bladder, a strong stream of piss shoots out of her shaved pussy, piercing the grass, the relief was too great that the actually moaned, it tooks her a minute to empty her bladder.

After that, Pryce regrouped with her troops and wait for the shuttle to pick them up w/ the retrieved date ] [Ending 2 - Where loyalty to the Empire and its laws, Pryce insisited in holding her piss despite of the fact that she's on the verge of wetting herself.

"When will the shuttle arrive?" asked Pryce, who was squirming involuntarily with her fists gripped tightly, sweats emerging from her pale forehead, with her squirming posture and unusual nervousness, and by comparison with the pee-soaked commander, a perceptive stormtrooper asked

"Governor, are a feeling well? You looks awful, you-do you need to urinate?" The indirect method of asking (reducing the risk of offensing the governer) annoyed Pryce, she felt drops of urine leaked to her black, silky panty, even though she replied the stormtrooper contidently, "I'm manage to hold it trooper, as a governor. I'll not violate the low under any circumstances,

It's of utmost importance to secure the dignity of - Ahhh!" before she can finish her lecture her tired pussy gave up, gallons of piss flush out from her grey trousers, Pryce immediately held her crotch with her hands with lighting reflex but failed to stop herself from urinating.

When she finally stop peeing the inner side of her pant were stained dark, and she was standing on a puddle of piss with her black beats overflowed w/ piss. After boarding the shuttle Pryce rush to the on-board bathroom and let the remaining pee out, fortunately she have an extra set of uniform for her to change.] After the incident. Pryce (and the commander) learned to control their water intake during mission.

