College Boyfriends

Author: SaQra

*000*2018-09-18 22:19

Luke whined quietly and pressed his thighs firmly together, trying to suppress his shaking knees. In the moderately loud lecture hall, no-one heard, save his boyfriend Michael, who's short body was snuggled in the seat next to him. Michael looked from Luke's flushed face to his trembling hands, and sighed. "Babe, you've had to go to the bathroom since this morning. The lecture doesn't finish for another hour and a half, and we both know you can't wait that long anymore." Luke's cheeks went even darker red, and his hands went to his crotch, almost defiantly.

"Mike, I need the notes for this class. I... I can't just leave." Even as the words left his mouth though, he knew Michael was right. His belt cut painfully into his bladder, and he was long past the point where he would've used the bathroom at home. Ugh. Even thinking about relieving himself sent pangs through his already-overstretched bladder. Desperate for momentary relief, Luke undid his belt, as well as the top button of his chinos. Thankfully the checked overshirt he'd thrown on this morning covered his lap, so no-one was any wiser.

At his boyfriends insistence, the two of them finally left the lecture hall, concious of the judgemental stares directed their way until the doors shut behind them. Once they were out of the hall, Luke immediately leant on a wall for support, with his free hand pressed firmly into his crotch. "Mike... I... I can't..." His voice was cut off by a shaky sob, and he felt a long spurt, maybe 5 seconds in all, soaking his shorts and pants. Michael, sensing that Luke was losing control, went to his boyfriend's side and started stroking his hair protectively. "Sshhhhh, it's okay" he crooned.

When Michael came up behind him, Luke flinched, and that proved to be the last straw for his bladder. A muffled pattering sound was produced as his stream hit the carpeted floor, and he watched in horror and humiliation as the legs of his pants when from tan to dark brown in a matter of seconds. Despite the mortifying accident, the relief was undeniably blissful. Now sobbing properly, Luke didn't resist as his boyfriend pulled him into a hug, instead finding solace in the familiar scent of his hoodie. Michael stepped back, and his eyes flitted between the still-spreading stain on the carpet beneath Luke's feet and his tearful, terrified expression. "C'mon babe, let's get back to the apartment to clean up, yeah? Wouldn't want anyone here seeing you like this." After another brief hug, the two left the foyer of the building and got into Luke's car, to head home...

*002*2018-09-20 12:05

{{11 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

I liked it. Simple (and if I may, a little rough) but you paint a clear picture of the scene. I'd just suggest you break it into paragraphs, as it organizes and paces the story better, and eliminates the wall-o-text effect that gives you away as an inexperienced writer.

But with the bad stuff out of the way, you've left a ton of room for yourself to follow this pair in a sequel. Male omo is somewhat rare, and guy/guy omo that much rarer still! You can be one of a select few sources for the good stuff.

}}

Thank you so much! I'll be sure to take your advice in future, and I might continue using these characters as well

