The Game Is Unfair

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2017-04-03 02:51

In honor of the end of March Madness! One of many ideas that I've been too lazy to work on lately :) Thanks for reading!

###

Cole Harkness jiggled his leg impatiently, looking around Coach G’s immaculately clean office. The chair he sat in wasn’t uncomfortable – Coach wanted to make sure all of his guests were treated with respect – but Cole’s situation most definitely was.

Coach Altman, the assistant, had been very clear in his instructions: Cole was to wait for Coach G to finish up his post-game remarks. He was not to leave the office. He was not to leave the chair.

Cole snorted in the silence. On some level, he definitely knew that what he’d done was wrong, and that he’d definitely earned a talking-to from his head coach.

On another level, he was just mad.

###

It hadn’t been Cole’s fault. Not really. McMillan, the nasty little shooting guard from the other team, had been hand-checking him all night, getting way too touchy, and the refs weren’t calling anything. How was Cole supposed to play with the opponents’ hands literally all over him?

For the first two years of his college career, Cole had developed a reputation for being unflappable. Especially as a freshman, commentators spoke admiringly about his poise and maturity at such a young age. Based on his predilection for hitting long, contested 3-point shots, the student newspaper had branded him with the nickname “Cole-Blooded Assassin.”

But other teams had taken notice, as well, and the targeted and pestering defense grew more blatant as the years went on. Now, as a junior, Cole was having a harder time staying calm under the constant and often barely-legal pressure from opposing players.

At tonight’s game, it had just grown to be too much. McMillan had been slapping and poking at Cole all game, pulling on the back of his jersey. Cole had tried to point out his behavior to the ref, but McMillan was sneaky, or the refs just had it out for Cole, or both…

It hadn’t been Cole’s fault. McMillan was way too close, and Cole was just trying to pull down a rebound. McMillan had been all over him, and Cole was just trying to get free. He’d swung his elbow around, trying to keep the ball under control, but McMillan had been too close, and Cole’s elbow had caught the other boy square in the face.

It was a bad image. Cole knew that much. McMillan had flailed backwards (acting, Cole was sure), but blood had spurted from his nose as the whistle blew.

The whistle had been too much for Cole; it was a terrible injustice, to be called for just trying to secure a rebound, while McMillan had been getting away with holds and reach-ins all night. Cole had thrown his arms up in the air, loudly protesting the call. He hadn’t even argued that much, but the stupid ref had it out for him, and had issued an (entirely unjustified) technical foul.

Cole had been apoplectic. Coach G had signaled him out of the game, but Cole was seeing red. Barely able to contain himself, he swiped away a proffered cup of water as Coach Altman had pushed him to sit down. Cole was furious; why didn’t Coach G make his case with the ref? Why was he being treated so unfairly? It wasn’t his fault!

Altman and one of the other junior coaches were physically holding Cole into the chair at courtside. When he would look back later, Cole would recognize that he was throwing a full-blown fit, but at the moment, he was blinded by the unfairness of it all. Other teams were always fouling him and always getting away with it, and he hadn’t meant to hurt McMillan, but he had gotten called and why didn’t anyone care that it wasn’t his fault??

Coach G had kept coaching – the game had only paused long enough for the technical foul shots – but after a few moments, he glanced back and, with a disgusted flick of his head, dismissed Cole from the arena.

Coach Altman had taken the young star by the elbow, and Cole jerked his arm away petulantly before getting to his feet and storming back to the locker room, still angrily protesting the offending series of events.

Out in the hallway of the state-of-the-art sports complex, Cole knew the drill. He’d never personally been ejected from a game before, but he knew that Coach G insisted on players still watching the game. Still stomping more than was strictly necessary, Cole let Coach Altman lead him to the head coach’s office, where he turned on the game and directed Cole to sit in a chair and watch.

While the second half had stretched on – Cole had been dismissed only 5 minutes into the 20-minute period – Cole slowly started to come down off his adrenaline-fueled tantrum. Altman stayed silent, and, with no one to react to his complaints, Cole had stopped fighting.

The game had ended – Cole’s team won – and Altman had left to join the players in the locker room, leaving Cole with explicit instructions to stay put and wait for Coach G.

###

And Cole had waited. Realistically, he knew that he wouldn’t be there forever; Coach would have to answer a few questions from the floor reporter and talk to the team in the locker room, but, as it was a mid-season, non-conference game, there would be no press junket after the game. It would probably be a half hour after the final buzzer, at most.

So Cole sat and jiggled his leg while he waited. He wasn’t quite sure what he was going to say to his coach, or if Coach was even going to let him say anything, but being alone with his thoughts wasn’t exactly calming. Without anyone to challenge his silent ruminations, Cole grew more and more frustrated with the collective inequality of his treatment throughout the game and the whole season.

By the time Coach G stepped into the room, Cole was fuming. Coach took one look at the back of the twitching, irritated 20-year old and sighed.

Bart Giamarisi had been coaching at the collegiate level for over two decades. He’d mentored dozens of young men. Yes, Cole was extraordinarily talented, but the young man still lacked the self-awareness and coping mechanisms to succeed at the highest level. His prodigious talent had let him more or less coast through his first two seasons, but now that he was an upperclassman, a team leader, a lot more was expected of Cole, and Coach G could see the demands wearing on the boy.

“Well,” Coach G began, sitting at his desk. “You want to tell me what happened out there tonight?”

Cole scowled, not meeting the man’s eye. “You saw what happened.”

Coach paused for a moment, letting Cole squirm in the silence. “I want to hear you tell me your side of the story.”

Cole’s frown deepened. He didn’t like being patronized, treated like some elementary school bully whose teacher was trying to be fair.

“McMillan was on me all night,” Cole muttered, not bothering to keep the sulkiness out of his voice. “The refs weren’t calling it. It wasn’t fair. I can’t play if they’re going to let guys hold me up and down the court.”

Coach nodded equivocally. “He was sticking pretty close to you,” he said mildly. “So then what happened on that rebound.”

Cole bristled. “I was just going for the ball,” he insisted. “He grabbed my arm, I pulled away, and he was too close.”

“You pulled away?” Coach repeated, gently questioning Cole’s minimizing phrasing.

“He was holding me!” the slightest of whines crept into Cole’s protested. “I was just trying to get away!”

Coach didn’t respond immediately, and Cole shifted in his seat. He felt ill, his insides writhing. He hadn’t been sleeping well, and without the ability to go through his usual post-game shower, Cole felt wound-up, like his skin was the only thing keeping his body from exploding out in all directions.

“You’ve played basketball for a long time, Cole,” Coach reminded the uneasy young man. “You know things aren’t always fair. Players get harassed. Refs miss calls.”

Cole furrowed his brow angrily. He folded his arms tightly across his torso. Why didn’t Coach understand? Why was he acting like Cole had been at fault?

“You know McMillan’s behavior doesn’t excuse your own,” Coach went on, finally getting to the heart of the matter. “You simply cannot react that way every time a guy steps a bit over the line when he’s guarding you, and you certainly,” Coach raised his voice for emphasis when Cole scoffed, “can’t be arguing with refs or throwing water on my bench. I do not allow that kind of behavior on my team, and if you can’t abide by those rules, then you cannot be on my team.”

For the first time since Coach had walked in the room, Cole’s eyes flashed up from the floor, defensive and anxious. He unwrapped him arms and gripped the edges of his chair. His leg started jiggling again, unconsciously; he was barely aware of his own body. All he knew was that no one was listening to him.

“You can’t do that!” Cole yelped before he could stop himself. He knew that yelling at Coach was unacceptable, but he was losing control. He was too mad, too tired, to frustrated with the fact that no one seemed to be on his side.

Eyebrows raised, Coach stared calmly at the twitching figure in front of him. Cole’s legs were bouncing up and down, and his fingers were drumming against the sides of the chair. In fact, Coach realized, Cole hadn’t been still since he entered the room.

“Son, what’s going on?” Coach asked, softening his voice slightly. Cole’s behavior was absolutely unacceptable, but Coach had been doing this long enough to know when a player need discipline versus needing an approach with a bit more finesse. These student-athletes might be known around campus (and around the country), seen on televised games, etc., but they were still basically kids. No one expected other college students to total have their act together; why would it be any different for basketball players?

Cole slumped his shoulders at the gentle tone of Coach’s voice. For a moment, he wanted to relax; he wanted to confide in his coach and trust the man’s ability to make things better.

But then, as Cole stopped jiggling his legs for just a second, a spurt of urine shot from his bladder, dampening his underwear.

Cole’s heart skipped a beat. He smashed his legs together, stemming the sudden flow. His stomach dropped; how could he have missed how badly he had to go to the bathroom? Cole’s mind raced. Yes, he always drank a bunch during games and then would pee in the locker room bathroom after the game, but was it really so bad that he’d be on the verge of pissing himself after just a half hour?

Coach G watched the boy intently; Cole hadn’t answered, but he looked troubled. “Cole?” he called, slightly worried.

Cole looked up again, and his face hardened into a dark mask. His leak and increasing desperation had evaporated any sense of calm or desire to be honest with Coach.

“What?” Cole hissed angrily. “What do you want from me?”

Giamarisi recoiled. “Cole,” he repeated, this time warningly, but Cole wasn’t cowed.

“You think this was my fault!” Cole growled, starting to rant. “You think that I should just be fucking perfect and let guys hang all over me then sit around with my tail between my legs and wait for you to come so I can apologize for just TRYING TO FUCKING PLAY!!”

Coach G pressed his lips together, a sure sign of his disappointment, but Cole couldn’t have stopped himself if he wanted to. He was squirming in the chair, barely holding back his urine, refusing to put his hand between his legs. He was utterly wild with frustration, anxiety, and confusion.

“Cole-“ Coach began, but the infuriated young man cut him off.

“I don’t need this!” Cole was practically yelling now. “You can’t just keep me here! I’m not your prisoner!” He leaked again, an action that only frenzied him further. “You don’t care about me, you just care about your damn wins and the reputation of your fucking program!”

Coach frowned deeply. He couldn’t let his players get away with this type of behavior. He really didn’t want to punish Cole, but…

“I’m done!” Cole was definitely shouting now, as if the volume of his voice would hide the terrible trickle of pee that was leaking from his dick. “I’m not gonna sit here and be lectured when you won’t even listen to me!”

Cole pushed himself out of the chair and turned toward the door, and Coach started to rise. “Son, sit back down, we’re not-“

But Coach cut himself off at the sight of streaming liquid falling down Cole’s legs.

Cole had frozen. As soon as he’d stood, his bladder had released completely. Without a grasping hand to stop the flow, urine spilled through his underwear, gushing out the legs of his shorts. His underwear were quickly soaked, and hot liquid streamed down both of his thighs, absorbing into his socks and shoes.

Cole’s breath hitched in his throat. This couldn’t be happening. How had he gotten here? He’d just wanted to play basketball, but then the demands of junior year had been too much, and the game had been unfair and Coach wouldn’t listen and he couldn’t do anything about it and now he was having an accident in Coach’s office like a preschooler…

He wet for far too long, the only sound in the wood-paneled room the uneven patter of liquid dripping onto the carpeted floor. Tears welled in Cole’s eyes. He was bent forward slightly, his left hand still on the back of the chair where he’d been turning to storm out.

After nearly a minute, Coach G broke the tense, stunned silence. “Cole?” The boy didn’t turn. “Cole, look at me.”

Cole gripped the back of the chair tightly, breathing hard. His vision was blurred with tears, his thoughts muddled with uncontrollable shock and humiliation. His soaked, nylon shorts hung heavy on his hips.

“Cole,” Coach repeated, and Cole broke.

“This is your fault!” the 20-year-old snapped, whirling around. “You made me stay here! You-“ the boy’s voice cracked, cutting off his rant. He dropped his head to the side, futilely trying to hide his tears.

Coach slowly walked around to the front of his desk, cautiously approaching the angry young man. “Just breathe, son,” he ordered quietly but firmly.

Cole sniffed deeply, his breath rattling. “C-coach Altman told me to st-stay,” he stammered. “Y-you k-kept talking, you didn’t let me g-go.” He angrily wiped his dripping nose across the back of his wrist, simultaneously furious and pathetic.

“Cole, you never told me you had to use the rest room,” Coach reminded him.

“I know!” Cole snapped, his voice breaking again. “But you didn’t…you don’t…”

Coach leaned back against the desk, giving the boy a bit of space.

Cole sniffed again, miserable and broken. He was so mad – he wanted to be so mad – but he was tired, and he’d been beat up in the game and the refs hadn’t called anything and then he’d been trapped in Coach’s office and nobody talked to him and now he’d peed his pants and he felt stupid and sick and Coach wasn’t even doing anything about it.

“No one listens to me,” he whined pleadingly.

Coach exhaled slowly. Although he’d never had a player have an accident in his office before, he’d certainly seen this other behavior before – young men would get overwhelmed, but wouldn’t ask for help or know who to turn to for help with the demands of balancing full time academic and athletic careers.

“I’m listening now,” the older man said. “I’m sorry we haven’t been giving you the support you need, but you know this is a big university. We don’t know you need help unless you ask for it.”

Cole’s entire body shuddered with weariness and shame, his rage replaced with exhaustion.

“It wasn’t just this game, was it, son?” Coach encouraged, though he already knew the answer.

Cole shook his head miserably.

“And it’s not just teams being unfair to you on the court,” Coach prodded.

Cole paused, then shook his head again.

“OK, son,” Coach said reassuringly. “Why don’t you tell me what’ been going on?”

Unconsciously, Cole held his breath. He knew he needed help, but the residual ire prevented him from speaking right away. Then again, he was standing in his piss-soaked basketball uniform after wetting himself in front of his college coach, so…

“I haven’t been sleeping well,” Cole mumbled, starting with the easiest part to understand.

Coach nodded again. He could tell that the young man was very close to sharing the real basis of his attitude. “And what else?”

Another tear slid down Cole’s nose. “I…” But he couldn’t form a sentence.

Giamarisi sighed. “Son, listen to me. I’m sorry I let things get this far. I saw that things were harder for you this season than they’ve been before, but I didn’t realize how hard.”

Cole hunched forward, acknowledging his coach’s claim with a soft moan of assent.

“I’m listening now,” Coach said again. “And I’ll keep listening. I promise. If you’ve been having trouble sleeping, or trouble with other things, we have people that can help with that, if you’ll let us.”

Cole cringed slightly at the implication that the onus was once again on him to do something, to allow himself to be saved. He was so tired of everything, and he really didn’t have the energy to think about doing anything else, except maybe sleep.

Seeing the player’s hesitation, Coach backed off a bit. “You don’t have to explain everything now. It’s getting late, and we can’t fix everything tonight, anyway.”

Cole relaxed visibly, sighing with relief, but then tensed again, his eyes drawn downward to the obvious wetness between his legs.

“It’s OK, Cole,” Coach reassured him, responding to his unspoken fear. “The building will be empty by now. You can go back to the locker room and change, and no one will see.”

Cole nodded quickly, biting the inside of his lower lip to keep himself from crying again. Everything about his situation – throwing a fit at the game, getting in trouble, his wet pants, his coach having to talk him through changing out of his wet pants – made him feel terribly childlike, and he wasn’t ready to succumb to those feelings, especially not in front of Coach G. He just wanted to leave and go back to his room and not have to be around anyone.

“You can go, Cole,” Coach gave the needed permission. “I’ll expect you back here at nine tomorrow morning to discuss our plan of action.”

“Yes, sir,” Cole mumbled, grateful for the dismissal. He was drained and he couldn’t be responsible for anything else tonight.

Without another word, the young man exited his coach’s office and turned down the hall toward the locker room. His vision swam with fatigue, but he felt strangely comforted. He didn’t have to explain anything tonight. He didn’t have to tell Coach about the missed assignments or the bedwetting…that could wait, at least until tomorrow.

For now, he could just go back to his room and sleep.

*003*2017-04-08 17:12

{{On 4/5/2017 at 6:20 PM, Pilly Christal said:

Hi!

When I saw that you uploaded a new story, I was soooo happy!

There is a lot of stories based on female desperation, but I don't really like those, and only a few stories contain ma le desperation. And there are your stories that are absolutely perfects. You wtote an interesting situation again, it's special, and your characters are so... real. They have feelings, They have a story, They have connections.

This one is perfect again, and not only because of the desperation scene, but because of the personalities that you show us. I think it's very important to have someone in our lives who cares and who wants to help.

So thank you! I enjoyed it again! Do you have other stories in other websites? I'd read them! :)

Pilly

}}

Thanks, Pilly! I don't post on any other websites, mostly because I don't really do fanfiction, and I feel like this site is the most accepting of original works and characters. And I'm lazy :)

{{On 4/6/2017 at 9:05 AM, bazinga said:

Finally, a new story!

I love this one so much - but then again, I say that about all your stories! You have such a way with words that really makes the readers feel what your characters are feeling. After reading this, I finished my own story and finally posted it!

Lovely work once again. x

}}

Lol, I felt the same way (finally, a new story!) when I saw your new post! I'm so glad you liked it. It's been such a crazy spring, so even finding time to write feels rushed and forced. I'm happy it doesn't read that way!

