[Commission] Sam's Plight

Author: sleeeeep

*000*2021-12-11 13:13

A fic comm for @aumonier95!! this revolves around a lady named sam who really needs to pee after work but has to take the bus home ^ _ ^

I DO FIC COMMS LIKE THIS, $5-$7 PER 1K WORDS AS WELL! PM me if interested :3

[4,728 words]

###

The city bustled. The sun shined. It was a hot one today, and Sam was on her way home from work. The somewhat tall brunette strutted down the sidewalk in her business work outfit, eager to get to the bus stop to get on her way home.

At work earlier, the air conditioner had been broken. She worked a measly office job in an average building, and the temperature rose quickly on the inside once she had arrived that morning. Luckily, free beverages were provided, as everyone would need to stay hydrated and avoid some form of heat stroke. She had drank quite a bit over the course of her work day, mainly iced teas and water. She had drank some orange juice before she left her abode, as well, with her breakfast. She tried to keep her consumption low, as she disliked using public restrooms, even when she quite needed to use one. She tended to avoid using the public toilets, as they seemed filthy and out of place. Sam had always made it a habit to go to the bathroom at home.

As she clocked out, she stopped at a vending machine, and bought a lemon-lime soda. The carbonation filled up her stomach while she walked to the bus stop, as well as an acidic, staticy flavor filling up her mouth. Sticky-sweet syrup rode down her throat. The sun was still high in the sky, but was beginning its gradual descent into the horizon. Her purse felt heavy under the weight of tiredness she was experiencing after her long, humid work day. Inside of it was her novel, her phone, makeup, and keys. It should not have been as heavy as it felt, but it seemed to weigh her down. The bag dangled from the crook of her elbow precariously, threatening to slide down at a moment’s notice. She strolled up to the stop the bus pulled up to on its route.

The only things on Sam’s mind was how her feet hurt from her long day in high heels, and how she would have loved to plop down on a nice toilet and let go to her heart’s content. She had been holding it for most of the day, having only gone before she left for her job, right after she had woken up. She had at least two bottles of water, as well as a bottle of iced tea, and the impending lemon-lime soda, all starting to make their way to her bladder. Most of it had already reached it long ago. In her mind, she urged the bus to make its way over to where she was waiting faster. It was not in sight. She sighed and sat down on the bench, crossing her legs at the knee.

Sam proceeded to mess around on her smartphone, and decided to catch up on the news. As she read onwards of this story and that, she could feel her kidneys depositing more and more droplets of urine into her ever-awaiting bladder. She impatiently jiggled her leg and tapped her foot against the pavement.

She looked up and around at her surroundings, noticing the influx of people bound to the area, also waiting for the bus. She sighed again, hoping she would get a nice window seat despite all of the people around her. Sure, there were not too many people, but she still hoped she could sit down and read her book, as her commute home was around forty-five minutes, with plenty of stops.

She was starting to grow weary of the bus ever coming when suddenly it pulled into view down the road. Delighted, Sam put away her phone. It was considerably late today, but that is alright. “Shit happens,” she thought to herself.

As soon as the bus stopped, she got up, and tried to beat the rush of people trying to get seats, being able to avoid standing. Of course, she would not push anyone or be too upset if she did not get a window seat, but it was preferable.

She paid the toll for the ride and managed to get a window seat, further in the back. Once everyone piled in, she realized she had a seat available next to her. That could change, depending on the stops and how many people got on, but for now she enjoyed having the extra room.

As soon as she sat down, though, her bladder felt like it was being scrunched up, uncomfortably so. It seemed to weigh down on her more so than when she was standing, as her belly pushed down on it. She did not weigh too much, but it seemed to push down on her bladder anyways. The lemon-lime soda was starting to catch up with all of the other drinks inside of her, her kidneys almost working overtime.

She internally groaned, nervous about the prospect of having to urinate while on the bus ride, and wished she could have gone before she left, even though that was not typically her style to do so. She avoided those toilets for a reason, but today was different. She drank more than usual today, so it would have been wiser to take care of her needs before a forty-five minute commute, right?

Little did she know what she was heading right into.

###

It was ten minutes into the ride, when they entered the heart of the city. Sam was trying to fully enrapture herself into her book, to avoid the nagging need to pee at hand, but it was starting to fail. On a scale of desperation, she would say she had to go around a seven-point-five out of ten. And she still had over half an hour to go!

As they entered the busiest part of the city, the bus started to majorly slow down. So much so that it came to a stop.

Sam was confused, as when it came to the city the bus normally traversed it well. However, when she noticed the flashing blue-and-red lights off up ahead, it sunk in: there had been a huge accident, and traffic was horrendous now. Not only that, it was a pretty big city, so traffic as-is was already bad.

Her heart sank. This was going to cause the trip to be much longer than it was initially. God dammit! Why didn’t she pee before she left for once!

She tapped her foot against the floor as the bus trudged among the traffic. It seemed to move at a snail’s pace as cars surrounded them seemingly on all sides. She caught a glimpse of the accident, and it wasn’t as bad as she thought beforehand, but it was still two cars that had been smashed, and that ordered various authorities to take care of it.

Sam tried to return to her book, which was a generic mystery novel, however now with the sudden knowledge of having to wait to arrive home ever further she was angry and found it even harder to focus than before.

She sighed and slipped her book back into her purse, as it seemed pointless to indulge further. She would just forget everything she read, anyways.

The stifling heat of the bus seemed to intensify. It was already a somewhat hot day, and everything just seemed to be getting worse for her. At least it was not cold, which would have aggravated her bladder further.

The bus continued to move and stop very slowly. She could practically feel her kidneys depositing more fluid into her bladder, which in turn almost seemed to yell at her for allowing more deposits. It was not overflowing yet, but at the rate in which the bus was moving, and how much further she had to go, it was likely it would not be too much longer until it got to that point.

She stared out of the window to pass the time, slipping into a people-watching trance. She watched as people hurried on the sidewalk, entering stores and buildings, and just generally doing things as people do in a city when you have stuff to do.

Eventually, the bus inched a bit forward, causing a fountain to come into Sam’s view. A big, flowing fountain that she could almost hear. It was in a divy in the buildings, in a sort of area with benches where people could converse and rest.

The fountain erupted water into the air that landed in a small pool at the bottom. The sight sent pangs of all kinds from her innard fluid pouch, and her mind started to go places, such as, how nice it would be for her to be erupting water like that, and how good it would feel, and--

No! She had to stop thinking like that! That was not going to help her case at all!

She shook her head, trying to stop her bladder from hurting. She wanted to plunge her hands between her thighs, even just temporarily, but with the amount of people surrounding her, that just was not viable. She had to stay strong, if just for her dignity.

Besides, she knew she could hold it. She should not have been at a point where she had to hold herself just yet.

Not too much after that, the bus passed the accident, and made its way throughout the city to exit it, to Sam’s delight. There was hope of being able to make it home!

The bus returned to its normal speed, and exited the city. The accident had added around twenty minutes onto the trip, and she had still around half-an-hour left until she made it to her stop.

Once the bus left the city it made a stop at an area, and let more people on and some off. Nobody sat with Sam still, despite the bus filling up somewhat more than when it had been when she entered. Not to a point where people had to stand, but still, it was a bus of people that could see her and know she existed, which did not work out in the favor of having to hide a filling bladder.

She felt some thirst, and although she did not want to, she took a few sips of water from a small bottle she had. She tried to make her consumption less than average, but the heat of the bus was getting to her, so she gulped down more than she was expecting to drink.

She felt as though she could focus on her book again somewhat, so she plucked it out of her purse and began to read again.

After reading for a few minutes, the weight of her bladder became very apparent once more. She shivered slightly as she felt a pang of pain emanate from it. She was around an eight on the desperation scale. She continued to read.

Another stop. More people got on, some leaving. The amount of people started to make her nervous. This was when someone sat on the lone seat next to her.

She groaned inwardly. Now she would have to put on the facade of having an empty bladder more apparent. She did not need anyone to know of her current predicament.

It was not anyone special who sat next to her, just some woman who seemed to be having a better day than Sam was. She seemed to not notice Sam or give her any regard, but not in a rude way, just in a “I’m doing my own thing” way.

Sam thanked her lucky stars she didn’t want to converse or pay any mind to her. The last thing she needed was to try to hide how full she was from some unsuspecting stranger.

She stared out of the window as the bus pulled out from the stop. It was all fine and dandy until out of nowhere they passed over a river. She forgot all about this landmark. Normally, she gave it no mind, since she either noticed it or she didn’t on her commute to and from work, but today was different. She seemed to notice how much it ebbed and flowed, and the rush of water gushing down under the bridge. A chill went up her spine, despite the stifling heat. Another unignorable pang of desperation arose. She was starting to regret sipping her water earlier, even though it was much needed.

The bus quickly passed over the bridge, putting her mind at rest even if temporarily. She was nearing the halfway mark to getting home.

Another stop. Another hindrance to getting her home. Another mass of people to see her if she ultimately failed at her one task: getting home dry.

The ride was going smoothly for a bit after that stop, when suddenly… The bus started to slow unexpectedly, and eventually puttered to a stop at the side of a somewhat empty road. Not even at a stop.

Sam was confused, until the driver announced that the bus had run out of gas unknowingly and needed to be refilled, and would all people please be patient as he got it situated?

Her heart plunged into her stomach before the sentence even finished. She was starting to approach a steady nine on the desperation scale. Not quite there yet, but approaching it. Considering she drank relatively recently, as well… Oh, God. Was there an end to all of this?!

Her kidneys were seemingly working overtime at this point. They seemed exhausted having to filter through all this fluid for a pouch that did not even need anymore of it.

As the driver was calling for help, Sam leaned forward and put her head in her hands. It seemed like the universe was punishing her for something she could not even remember doing, but whatever it was, it had to have been bad.

She heard a voice next to her.

“Are you okay?”

Oh Lord. It was the woman who sat next to her currently.

Sam brought her head up. How could she compose how she was currently feeling?

In a timid, almost squeaky voice, she replied, “I’m fine. Just dealing with some pain and would like to go home.” Hopefully that would shut her up.

It didn’t. “Oh, I hope you’re okay. I understand the feeling. What kind of pain is it?”

Shit.

If she said stomach pain, that would imply she had to go number two, which was even worse-off than her current need, and more embarrassing to admit ultimately. Talking put an ever further strain on her bladder, and she really didn’t need to be telling strangers this stuff in the first place.

“General. It’s chronic.”

There. Although she felt bad for saying she had chronic pain when she didn't suffer from it, that should shut her up.

“Oh, wow. I’m sorry to hear that. You know, I know someone who also struggles with it.”

Why was she telling her this?! Was this unnecessary convo worth it?! She could barely talk with the weight of her bladder pushing up against what felt like everything in her body, her back teeth practically floating, and here was this lady trying to converse with her!

“Yeah? Hope they’re okay.” Sam began to sweat even more, as if she wasn’t sweating her ass off already.

That finally got her to be quiet. Yes! Acting disinterested worked!

Sam discreetly tried to spread her legs to help her hold it in, as she knew that helped when she needed to go.

How would she pass the time while waiting for a refill? No way to read her book now; she would immediately forget everything she read.

She fished for her phone out of her purse and began scrolling through social media. Surely that would help.

And it helped. Before she knew it, ten or so minutes had passed.

But the bus being empty of gas came with another price: the heat. It was already bad enough with the shitty air conditioner, but now it felt absolutely sweltering within the confines of the vehicle. Sweat poured off of Sam and started dampening her clothes, mainly under her arms. Her mouth felt like a sauna eventually, as well.

This was bad. Could she even drink any more? Or would she explode if she even introduced another droplet of liquid into her?

After a few more minutes, though, she needed to sip on fluid. With hesitation, she got her bottle of water, and drank some more. She winced with pain as her bladder protested. She tried to limit how much she intook, but it seemed futile; her desire to quench her thirst won ultimately and she finished off the bottle.

She leaned forward in her seat and jiggled her leg as she continued scrolling through whatever social media application she was using on her phone.

After ten more minutes, someone came to refill the gas. Shortly after, the bus was rolling again. “We apologize for the delay.”

I sure hope you’re sorry, Sam thought to herself angrily. When I eventually lose it all you’ll really be sorry!

She lost track of how much time was left in her commute. It seemed like it would be endless, what with the stops they kept having to make.

And not only that… Her bladder had hit an eight-point-nine or so on the desperation scale, urgently trying to creep to the nines. The water from earlier was absolutely no help whatsoever.

She looked up from her phone to look out of the window. Turns out, the bus was in the town right next to hers. Salvation was near! At long last! Hopefully just three or so more stops until she could go!

But the reality sunk in: She had to walk home from her stop, also.

Oh, no.

Once she stood up, would it be over for her? Gravity works in strange ways, especially on the bladder, she found. Would she even be able to walk?

All these thoughts raced through her mind as she realized they had stopped again to let people on and off. The lady next to her, finally, got up and left. Thank God!

Nobody else sat with her, which felt supremely lucky in her book.

She put her phone away, anticipating her freedom from the steamy automobile of sorts, and looked out of the window. They were currently stopped at a red light. Damn those red lights!

While looking, she noticed something she wished she didn’t see in her state. Someone was with their dog, and it was currently lifting its leg to urinate all over a tree.

If only that was me, Sam thought. Lifting my leg and pissing without a care in the world right now…

WAIT. Stop! Stop it, Sam! She shook her head again. She just can’t think about these things right now! Her bladder gave a very loud pang and she swore she could feel liquid about to escape her urethra. She tried not to, but she ended up inadvertently gasping slightly, and had to restrain her hands from automatically plunging between her legs. Instead, she crossed them extremely tightly on instinct, pushing her peehole against her inner thighs.

She looked like a pretzel the way she crossed her legs. She was definitely at a nine now, no doubt about it.

The red light had passed long ago, and now it was a fight for her life. Or, rather, her dignity. There were only two more stops. She was going to make it. She had to make it. This was practically life or death at this point.

She felt like she was losing her mind. How many stops were left? Everything seemed so much slower and antagonizing than before.

Second to last stop. She was going to make it.

She smiled to herself wanely as she remembered her stop wasn’t too far behind. This route made it so her stop was quicker to get to than the others.

Nobody sat next to her again, as luck would have it, so she would not have to traverse and step over any legs to get to freedom. Yes!

The bumps in the road, as slight as they were, and jostling of the vehicle would practically make her bladder spasm. Her face was shiny with sweat and desperation. She knew she was going to leak at this rate. She was accustomed to leaks, but they were extremely rare. She had leaked a few times before.

Her mind started to race once more. She remembered a time she had leaked, when she used to have a job she would drive to and from. She had not gone since her morning pee that day, and while driving home, she hit a pothole and a huge jet exploded out of her. She had gasped and her desperation climbed way up. It didn’t show through her pants but--

NO! Stop thinking about it stop thinking about it stop…

The enticing relief of letting a single spurt out almost made her mouth water and bladder contract. But she was so, so close to getting to her stop. Any minute now. And the walk home wasn’t too long, either. It wasn’t downhill or uphill or anything; just flat terrain to walk on to her humble apartment.

And the next thing she knew, her stop was being called.

YES!

She precariously stood up, shaking along the way. She had to hurry. It was a race against time and her now officially overflowing bladder.

She regretted it as soon as she straightened up. Gravity did indeed do its job, and she felt liquid rushing down throughout her urethra. Sam clenched her thighs together and used all of her muscles to engage in a kegel. That seemed to help… Slightly.

Her purse felt like it gained a few or more pounds. She was physically weak with desperation.

She made her way among the people also unboarding, and tried her hardest to mask her fullness to them. However, she did look quite awkward with her thighs locked together. At this point, though, she stopped caring. Whatever was fine as long as she didn’t pee her pants.

She slowly and steadily climbed down the three-or-so stairs, and was on a solid sidewalk once more. Her legs felt like Jell-O.

Now to make her way home.

It wasn’t a very far walk, less than ten minutes or so, but she knew this would be hellish for her.

She took some steps forward, slowly, clutching her purse in one hand. Her bladder strained. It felt like it was pushing up and outwards, giving her the appearance of a bulge in her lower abdomen. She was rapidly approaching a ten on the scale, and she had to hurry lest she flooded the town in boiling pent up urine.

Her bladder spasmed for a moment and she had to stop and recompose herself. Using all of whatever muscle power she had left, she did an intense kegel and tried to keep her hands away from her aching crotch to help further push the ocean back inside of her.

Then she felt it, the thing she didn’t want to feel today at all: a slight spurt jetted out of her and landed into her awaiting panties.

She froze. The warmth enveloped her parts. It was very slight, less than a second’s worth of pee, but it just made her bladder protest and demand to let out more.

She realized she HAD to get home. Now. These were her final moments.

She waddle-shuffled quickly down the sidewalk. Shrubs and bushes surrounded her and made her think she could pop a squat and let everything go, but knowing her, someone would round a corner and see her. It could happen at any moment if she decided to go with her primal instincts, and therefore she decided against immediate relief, despite how much she needed it.

She continued to shuffle as quickly as she could with her thighs practically strapped together, and soon her apartment was in view. Thank the Lord! Was there hope for her?

She had to stop and recompose herself once more as another throbbing spurt threatened to make its way out of her, like a dam about to burst forth.

It hurt to breathe. It hurt to do anything.

Before she knew it, she was miraculously at the door. Now to enter and hope nobody was there to see her.

She got inside and slowly but surely made her way to the elevators.

What she saw made her almost lose it all right there. The elevators were not working today. How could this be?! They were working this morning! This can’t be happening. She lived on the fifth floor, and she didn’t know how she could climb up all those stairs.

But she knew this was what she had to do. So with a groan and a kegel, she resorted to the stairs. She waddled over, and took the first few steps.

Another high-speed leak shot out of her. Just a quick one. She finally caved in and plunged a hand between her thighs to grab her pussy. After she did that, she looked around wildly to make sure no one could see her. Nobody was around, thank goodness.

It felt like her pants were digging into her heavy bladder. She used her free hand to unbutton them.

Now to continue her journey.

With every step she felt her bladder grow heavier and more painful. She gasped at points, and proceeded to leak a couple more times. Nobody was around, though, so she just let it happen. Each time she leaked, however, it started to last longer and longer, with droplets landing on the stairs.

She groaned. Not super loudly, but she did groan.

She traversed the stairs and was finally on the fifth floor. She made her way to her apartment, dashing with her hands clutching herself.

This proved to be bad as she leaked heavily once more. She stopped caring, delirious with desperation. She got to her door and realized with a heavy heart she had to ungrab herself to fish for her keys.

Using all of her muscles while she crossed her legs, thighs strapped together again, she looked for her keys in her purse. She found them, and potty-danced while she put it in the lock and turned.

She was finally at a ten. As she ran inside, she started to explode.

Sam slammed the door shut behind her and bolted to the bathroom, pee trailing the whole way. A dribbling trickle of sorts.

As soon as she saw the toilet, it was over, though.

All of that pee couldn’t be contained any longer. Looking at the toilet made her weak in the knees, as well as bladder. Her muscles couldn’t hold it back anymore. She positively burst at long last as she dropped to her knees.

“No… No!” She gasped.

Steamy, pent-up pee rushed out of her at an alarming speed, soaking everything and spraying everywhere even through her pants. It pooled on the tile floor. Sam moaned loudly in relief as tears came to her eyes, orgasmic relief flowing through every inch of her cells.

She didn’t make it to the toilet exactly, but she was safe in her home, and nobody saw her here. At least that was a positive to the whole thing. The piss was exploding at high rates, making its way through her pants and soaking her entire lower half.

The frothy jet started to wane after two or so minutes, and as her head swam she realized all of the pee was out of her, as noted by an intense sense of emptiness she felt. She was kneeling in a pool of her own liquid waste, panting as the pain was out of her body, her bladder deflated.

She remained there for a few moments, relishing and rejoicing in the emptiness of her vessel, before she got up and sighed. At least she wasn’t in public when that happened.

She threw some spare towels down onto the lake of gold and hopped into the shower after removing her wet garments.

As she soaped herself up, she played back the events of her desperate escapade in her head. The relief had made every bit of today worth what happened. Maybe she could get used to that sort of thing. Who knows?

