Lost Identity

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2016-03-20 06:06

I know I won't have any time to write for at least the next 6 weeks, so I thought I'd rid my brain of another idea that's been floating around in there for while :) Happy Spring!

###

“The district attorney still hasn’t disclosed whether or not she intends to press charges against Preston Sinclair the Third for the events of April 29th,” the news anchor declared from behind the desk. “In addition to defacing public property and destruction of windows at the capitol building, Mr. Sinclair caused tens of thousands of dollars of damage to the hotel room where he and his friends were staying.”

The well-coiffed anchor glanced down and lowered her voice, a standard move for indicating a change in tone from accusatory to tragic. “Of course, Mr. Sinclair, allegedly under the influence of cocaine, fell from the balcony of the hotel room later that night, plummeting five stories. Family members have been tight-lipped as to the extent of his injuries, even as he was released from the hospital last week after spending six weeks in intensive care. Insiders have speculated that the rumors of brain damage to Mr. Sinclair have contributed to the DA’s hesita-“

The TV shut off abruptly, and Preston looked up from his position on the couch to see Angel, one of his day-shift nurses, holding the remote and looking mildly annoyed. “You know your mom doesn’t like you watching that,” Angel said flatly.

Preston blinked. “I was hoping they’d show more footage of me.”

Angel set down the remote and walked around to the front of the couch. She didn’t respond; she didn’t particularly care. “It’s time for lunch,” she ordered. “The occupational therapist wants you to practice cutting your food.”

Preston didn’t argue as Angel helped him slowly get to his feet. All his movements were slow these days. His broken bones had healed, all his stitches had been removed, and the swelling in his brain had gone down, but he was by no means “healed.” His muscles, atrophied from the weeks he spent unconscious and confined to a hospital bed, were sore and slow to respond. Fine motor skills took effort. He had little stamina; even the most basic of tasks could leave him fatigued.

But the most disconcerting result of his fall was the amnesia, coupled with a near-complete change in personality. Though he more or less recognized his parents and the ostentatious penthouse where the all lived, Preston himself bore little resemblance to the arrogant party boy shown in shaky paparazzi videos on TV.

That Preston was confident and condescending, selfish and destructive, often intoxicated, swearing, arms draped around scantily-clad women. That Preston was prone to enraged outbursts, blowing up at anyone who dared challenge his privilege and trust-fund enabled authority.

Now, Preston was meek and obedient, quiet and confused. He could remember bits and pieces of events, but he just couldn’t grasp why he acted the way he had. Now, he had no desire to yell at people or break things. He was just tired.

His doctors had said something about frontal lobe damage, but Preston didn’t really understand it all. People just kept saying they’d “have to wait and see.” His cognitive abilities seemed to be largely intact, but the holes in his memory and his inability to align the knowledge of who he used to be with how he felt now left Preston with a constant sense of disorientation, like he wasn’t sure how to act at any given moment. Most of the time, he just kept quiet and did what his nurses and therapists asked.

Currently, that meant letting Angel walk him to the dining room for lunch. Angel was one of about a half-dozen nurses that cared for Preston at home. He didn’t know exactly how old she was, but he guessed she was close to his age – 25. She was strong, smart, and efficient, but not exactly warm or talkative. Part of him was grateful for the quiet time and lack of pitying attitudes when Angel was with him, but he got the impression that she didn’t particularly enjoy being there.

That impression was accurate. Generally, Angel loved her job; she was a good nurse and took pride in providing complete, dependable care for people. She came well-recommended, and the Sinclairs were paying her more per week that she earned in a typical month.

But Angel couldn’t stand Preston Sinclair.

To her, Preston stood for everything wrong with the world. He hadn’t worked a day in his life, and he treated everything – people, places, things – as if it was expendable. He thought he was above the law, that the rules of civilized society didn’t apply to him. If he even knew what the rules of civilized society were in the first place.

So Angel did what she was hired to do, and she did it well, but nothing more. She would not be friendly with Preston, and she certainly wouldn’t sympathize with him, no matter how different he seemed from the playboy frequently shown on TMZ.

Speaking of playboys…Angel thought as she watched Preston methodically cut his salmon. “Remember, you have your friends coming over this afternoon,” she said blandly. “They should get here around 2.”

Preston nodded, a brief look of worry flashing across his face. He hadn’t seen any of his friends since the accident. He vaguely remembered most of them, or at least recognized the recurring characters from the paparazzi footage, but he wasn’t sure he wanted to see them. What would they talk about? Would they be mad that he was acting differently?

Not that he had much of a choice, or the energy to argue. His mom had decided a few days ago that Preston would “progress” better if he had more social interaction. Of course, most of Preston’s “friends” were as vapid and narcissistic as he was; they had no real interest in spending time with an invalid. But they were all friends because their parents ran in the same circles; sociopolitical obligations were invoked, phone calls were made, and a visit was arranged.

In addition to insisting on the visit, Mrs. Sinclair had demanded some updates to Preston’s appearance. A barber had been called in to give him a haircut, and Angel was to supervise a shave before the guests arrived. So, after lunch, Angel guided Preston to his obscenely large bathroom and watched, carefully if disinterestedly, as he deliberately drew the razor over his uneven stubble.

“Did you want to change?” Angel asked when Preston finished shaving.

Preston looked down at his t-shirt and pajama pants. “What should I wear?”

Angel stopped herself from rolling her eyes. “Your mom probably expects you to put on something a bit more appropriate for greeting guests,” she explained mildly. “What would you usually wear when you went out with friends?”

Preston cringed as he thought of the crisp jeans and tailored shirts hanging in his closet. They all struck him as restrictive and uncomfortable. “I just want to wear sweats,” he mumbled, pouting slightly.

“Fine,” Angel tried to keep her tone neutral. “But you might want to change your shirt. You got sauce on it from lunch.”

Preston looked down again and saw the incriminating splotch. He might be able to get away with clean sweats, but his mom wouldn’t stand for sloppiness. He knew that much.

In his bedroom, Preston glanced at the clocked as he pulled on a clean shirt; it was already 1:45. The simple acts of eating lunch, shaving, and changing clothes had taken him over an hour.

Preston leaned against his dresser. Getting ready had drained him, and he still had to make it all the way across the penthouse to the parlor before his friends arrived.

Before he even had time to finish his thought, Angel was next to him with his wheelchair. Though he could physically walk, the size of the home made travel exhausting, so his parents had purchased a top-of-the-line motorized wheelchair that could also be pushed, if Preston was too tired to even steer properly.

“I think it’s best to get you situated in the parlor before your friends arrive,” Angel explained as Preston nestled himself in the chair. He didn’t say thank you; she didn’t expect it.

In the parlor, Preston pushed out of the settled into the corner of the cream-colored love seat. It wasn’t particularly plush or comfortable, but it looked nice in the lavishly-decorated room. Angel pushed the wheelchair back into a corner, then grabbed a blanket to tuck around Preston. He curled his legs up next to him, giving himself a bit more support as he leaned into the arm of the couch. Thus positioned, he felt secure enough to sit and talk for however long his friends would stay. Satisfied that Preston was safe and comfortable, Angel took a seat in one of the leather wingback chairs on the side of the room.

Right at the stroke of 2, Preston heard the sound of young voices come through the house. Moments later, three well-dressed 20-somethings strode into the parlor, chatting amongst themselves and looking somewhat less nervous than the situation seemed to call for.

“Oh my God, Preston!” the girl squeaked, her manicured eyebrows raised. “You look so good!”

The compliment didn’t exactly exude sincerity, but Preston felt himself relax at the sound of Jillian’s voice. Just like his mom had hoped, the presence of his friends triggered memories. Jillian was always unbelievable in her praise; everything was “amazing,” or “so cute.”

“I look like shit, Jill,” Preston’s response seemed to come almost automatically, and the two men flanking Jillian relaxed visibly.

“It’s about time you got some consequences, ya dumb shit,” the short one on the left laughed. Reggie, Preston thought. “You’ve been bulletproof for way too fucking long. You’re still the only one who hasn’t spent at least a night in jail!”

“Right?” the last guest – Marcus - chimed in as the three flopped onto the opposing couch. “If any of the rest of us had done as much coke as you and jumped off a fucking balcony, we’d be dead!”

Preston felt a slight twist in his gut at the blasé attitude of his peers toward the topics of jail and drugs, but he was already laughing. This is how they talked; this was normal.

In the corner, Angel couldn’t help but sneer. Unwilling to actively listen to inane, oblivious chatter, she pulled a book off the shelf and started to read, periodically looking up to see if Preston was getting tired.

On the love seat, Preston felt some of the tension in his shoulders dissipate. The banter among his friends was steady, if vapid, and they didn’t seem to expect him to say very much. Maybe he hadn’t been a big talker before, or maybe they just kept up their own pace of conversation, not wanting to bother adjusting to Preston’s lethargic thought process.

After about a half hour of outlandish stories, with Preston mostly just listening, he felt a pressure in his abdomen. His attention drifted away from the conversation as he realized he had to pee.

It was a bit of an odd feeling. In the hospital, he’d been catheterized while he was unconscious; then, when he woke up, the nurses were diligent about bringing him a urinal or bedpan every two hours. When he left the hospital, his in-home nurses kept up the same schedule. Every two hours, they helped him make his way to the bathroom. His liquid intake was carefully monitored, so he always ended up releasing his bladder without ever actually feeling a sense of urgency.

Now, he took stock of his body and realized that his bladder was definitely kind of full. Thinking back, he remembered that he’d drunk more than usual at lunch and, in the sluggish hustle to shave and get dressed, he hadn’t actually stopped to use the bathroom.

Preston shifted in his seat, adjusting into a position that pressed his thighs closer together. A high-pitched peal of laughter from Jillian drew his focus back to the people sitting across from him.

Reggie was in the middle of some tale involving a breached zoo enclosure. Marcus was laughing so hard, his face was red, and Jillian was giggling flirtatiously, petting Reggie’s shoulder.

“…and then, my man Sinclair talks it all out with the security guard!” Reggie yelped, to howls of laughter from Marcus and Jillian. “The penguin was in distress, sir, we just had to help him!”

Preston found himself grinning at the memory. “Gotta know your audience, bro,” he smirked. “All zoo workers are gonna care about the animals’ safety.”

Marcus shook his head in awe, apparently still seeing Preston as the Teflon-skinned, smooth-talking lord of the city. Preston sat up a bit straighter, soaking in the admiration.

Then his bladder surged, and Preston hunched forward, his moment of self-assured glee melting into anxiety.

He couldn’t just excuse himself, not now. His friends were here, and they were treating him like nothing was wrong. Hell, they were treating him like a fucking prince. It felt good, having people act like they knew who he was and what he would do. It helped counteract the confusion and unease of the past few weeks. They weren’t terrible people after all; they were just young and confident, and he was their leader. Surely, with the way they believed in him, he could change their course of behavior. They could still have fun without hurting people and destroying things.

So he couldn’t ruin those beliefs by interrupting the conversation to have Angel take him to use the bathroom. They’d see just how broken he was, and they wouldn’t want to stick around, and he wouldn’t be able to use their companionship to pull himself back to the land of the living. He’d just have to wait.

But waiting was hard. The sphincter was just like any other muscle, and he hadn’t had a chance to exercise it by holding back his urine for over a month and a half. His control grew more tenuous, and the semblance of confidence he’d felt disappeared completely. In only fifteen minutes, he was barely paying attention to the discussion. He pressed his legs together, but he didn’t dare hold himself in front of his friends.

Jillian, Reggie, and Marcus didn’t seem to notice that Preston had ceased contributing to the conversation altogether, but Preston was too distressed to be grateful for their ignorance. He wasn’t even sure that his bladder was all that full; he just couldn’t control what was there. He tried to clench his muscles, but they weren’t responding. It was like trying to hold onto a beach ball with two pool noodles.

From the side of the room, Angel was staring at her charge. He hadn’t spoken in over 15 minutes, and he looked strained. He was still sitting up OK, but she wondered if he was getting tired. She’d probably have to kick his visitors out soon.

Soon wasn’t going to be enough for Preston. With a soft whine that got lost in the still-raucous chatter, he started to lose control. A tiny yet steady trickle of liquid slipped from his bladder, gradually dampening his pants.

Preston’s lower lip started to tremble. Just minutes ago, he’d felt normal, almost happy, and now, he was quietly having an accident. His friends, who had been smiling at him like nothing had ever gone wrong, were now gabbing to each other, oblivious to the fact that their charismatic former chief was sitting across from them at this very moment, wetting on himself under the blanket.

The sounds of his friends’ voices seemed to fade into white noise as Preston tried with all his might to stop urinating. He kept the leak to a minimum, but couldn’t stop halt it entirely. He curled his legs up tightly next to him, and his face started to crumple visibly.

Angel couldn’t see the stain creeped down Preston’s lap under the blanket, but she saw his eyebrows draw together and the corners of his mouth turn down. It looked like he was about to cry. Angel sighed softly; she supposed she couldn’t expect full emotional control from a young man so immediately removed from such a serious set of injuries. He was probably just tired, and, like a toddler, getting pouty.

Setting down her book, Angel rose from her chair and cleared her throat. Preston looked up, startled, but Jillian, Reggie, and Marcus were still talking animatedly.

“Beg pardon,” Angel raised her voice enough to resonate through the large room. Reggie stopped mid-sentence and stared at Angel, having only just realized that she was in the room.

Angel ignored the bemused gazes. “Preston needs to rest,” she said bluntly. “So you’ll have to continue your conversation another time.”

Panting slightly, Preston wasn’t even upset at Angel’s condescending dismissal. Anything was better than them knowing the real problem. Renewed by the prospect of being alone, Preston tightened his pelvic muscles again and finally cut off the dripping urine.

“Of course,” Jillian simpered, getting to her feet. She smiled beatifically at Preston. “You’re doing so great. Get some rest, and I’m sure you’ll be back out with us in no time!”

Reggie rolled his eyes conspiratorially at Preston, as if Angel couldn’t see. “Glad you’ve got such…devoted care, bro,” he smirked. “Better do what she says.”

And with that, they all turned and walked out. Sitting around and talking had never been their thing, anyway. At least not while sober.

Angel refrained from sticking her tongue out at the backs of the retreating guests, then turned back toward Preston. “Do you want to-“

But she cut off abruptly when she faced Preston. He’d shoved his hands under the blanket and was holding himself tightly.

“Oh,” she said lightly. “I guess you have to pee. Let’s go, then.”

Preston shook his head stubbornly, whining. He clutched dick, desperately trying to keep the rest of the urine inside.

Angel set her mouth firmly. “Don’t whine, Preston. I know you’re tired, but we have to get you to the bathroom, now come on.”

She snatched the blanket away, revealing the wet stain on Preston’s sweats. “Oh,” Angel repeated, stunned. “You already went.”

Preston shook his head again and raised his eyes, pleading.

Realization dawning, Angel sighed deeply. “OK,” she said, her tone slightly more encouraging. “We’ll get you to the bathroom to finish. Can you walk?”

“Mmmm,” Preston dissented, frowning more deeply.

Angel clenched her jaw, trying not to get too irritated. “Then let’s get you in your chair.”

“No,” Preston whined, his eyes filling with tears. “I won’t make it.” He’d started to leak again, and he knew he wouldn’t survive the move to his chair and trip to the bathroom without losing it completely. The wheelchair was so fancy and expensive; he didn’t want to ruin it.

Angel was losing patience. “So you just want to go on the couch, then?” she grumbled.

“Nooooo,” Preston moaned, his whole body trembling. “The couch…I can’t…”He felt more miserable than ever. He was about to make a mess of his parents’ expensive couch or his expensive wheelchair, and Angel had to make his friends leave, all because he couldn’t even hold his bladder for a few hours.

Angel rolled her eyes so hard it hurt. “Jesus, Mary, and Joseph…” she growled. Stepping forward, she seized Preston under his arms and hauled him to his feet.

Preston yelped as he felt the leaks turn into a flood. Urine started to spill copiously down his thighs as Angel dragged him, stumbling, off the plush carpet and onto the hardwood floor.

“There,” Angel sighed, bracing herself against Preston’s back. “Now you’re not ruining your chair or the couch.”

Preston let out a deep sob, overcome with both shame and relief. Hot liquid streamed down his legs, pooling on the floor beneath his feet. He sagged against Angel, weak from the mental and physical exertion of the past half hour.

After a minute, the patter of urine on wood stopped. “All done?” Angel asked. Preston hummed a wordless noise of assent, and Angel adjusted her stance. She tried to gather her thoughts. It’s not that she’d never had patients wet themselves – or worse – before, but holding up a 25-year-old man so he had an accident over the hardwood floor instead of the multi-thousand-dollar love seat was definitely new.

“I’ll go get some towels,” she declared. “We’ll put one on your chair so you won’t get it wet, then I’ll take you to the bathroom to get cleaned up. Can you stand here?” She straightened Preston and turned him around to face her. He nodded, dazed, which was enough for Angel.

Grabbing towels from the linen closet, Angel felt a tiny pang of guilt. Yes, Preston should have just told her he needed to use the restroom, but she had forgotten to take him after lunch. She reminded herself that head injuries could be tricky; just because Preston could have an obnoxious conversation with his even-more-obnoxious friends didn’t mean that all of his mental and emotional abilities were operating a full strength.

She returned to the parlor to find Preston on his knees in his puddle. He stared up at her, a bewildered look on his face, as if he still couldn’t process what he’d done.

Angel calmly arranged towels on the wheelchair before pushing over to Preston. She dropped another towel on the floor to cover most of the mess, then eased Preston into the chair.

He didn’t say a word as she wheeled him back across the house to his bathroom. He already had an obscenely large shower, complete with marble bench, so the only adjustment needed had been the addition of a hand-held shower head.

Angel turned on the tap, then hesitated. She’d never bathed Preston before; that was the evening nurse’s job. “Preston? Do you need help getting undressed?”

Preston nodded, his face still a blank mask. Angel gently helped him peel off his shirt and soaked pants, then guided him under the warm shower.

Preston plopped onto the bench, head hanging. Angel carefully, professionally wiped him down, cleaning the urine from between his legs before giving him a final rinse.

Clutching the towel around him, Preston remained silent while Angel wheeled him back to his room. It wasn’t even 3:30 in the afternoon, but he felt like he could sleep for hours, a feeling amplified by the pajama pants that Angel helped him into.

“Preston?” Angel called, getting his attention. “My shift is over soon. I need to make sure you’re going to be OK. Are you? Is there anything I need to tell Petra when she gets here?”

Preston opened his mouth slightly and blinked at Angel.

“Preston,” Angel repeated, more softly. “How are you feeling? Are you hurt? Are you feeling ill?”

“No,” Preston whispered finally.

“OK,” Angel nodded encouragingly. “I’m going to have to write up my notes, you know that right?”

Preston nodded. He just wanted to sleep.

Angel sighed. She never expected any profound self-awareness or introspection from Preston to begin with, and she certainly wasn’t going to get any in his current state. “Very well, Mr. Sinclair. I’m going to go get my notebook and do my paperwork in here while you rest until Petra arrives. I’ll be right back.”

Preston nodded, and Angel turned to leave. He laid down on his bed, thinking that he’d probably be asleep before she got back. He felt bad that she’d had to clean up after him; she’d been very nice about it. Very kind, given the circumstances…

“Thank you,” Preston murmured, closing his eyes, but Angel was already too far away to hear.

*003*2016-03-24 01:41

{{:

Beautiful story. You write remarkably good.

}}

Thanks, Pain :)

{{: 

I'm never EVER going to get tired of your stories. They're so original and written beautifully x

}}

That's so, so sweet! I definitely feel repetitive sometimes, especially with certain words or phrases, so it's very gratifying to know that you don't think I'm being unoriginal! I have...3 scenes/stories in my head at the moment, but it'll be awhile before I can get them written :)

