A School Day Competition

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2024-08-15 00:12

It's been a hot minute since I posted anything on here, but in the background I've still been working on commissions! I have quite a backlog I need to go through and see what I can post, and I'll probably be posting a batch in the next few days or so, but for now, here's a commission I recently finished! The premise is two friends having a holding contest and exploring their shared fetish, one girl and one guy. The male omo is definitely a background feature of this story, but it is present, so be warned if that's not your thing.

A School Day Competition

Katniss looked around nervously, heart pounding as she stood just outside the doors to one of the school’s side halls. At this time of the morning, hardly anyone came this way, which made it the perfect place for her secret meeting this morning. She was eagerly awaiting her friend Jake, glancing down at her phone nervously as she read through the texts. Katniss couldn’t believe this was finally happening.

Jake soon came into view, and he smiled and waved to her as he approached her. As soon as he reached her, he reached around into his bag and pulled out two bottles of water. Katniss reached around and did the same, retrieving them from her bag and holding them up.

“So, we’re really doing this?” Katniss asked, a blush creeping up on her face.

“We are, unless you want to back out,” Jake offered.

“N-no, I’ve been wanting to try something like this,” Katniss admitted, “Ah, but we gotta hurry, class is gonna start soon.”

“Right.”

The two unscrewed the caps to their water bottles and began chugging, both polishing off the first bottle with relative ease. Without waiting, the two then turned to their second bottles. This time it was a bit harder to chug, since their stomachs were already full from the first bottle. Still, both of them managed to get the second bottle down, with Katniss reaching down and grabbing her stomach, feeling all the water swelling inside.

Soon, that water would make its way to her bladder, and that’s when the real challenge would begin.

“You remember the rules we agreed upon, right?” Jake asked.

“Yes,” Katniss nodded, “We’ll check in after every class, and we’ll need to drink at least two more bottles by lunch time. We have to both meet up somewhere between classes in order to give up, so the other person can go to the bathroom right away. Outside of that, no going to the bathroom unless it’s an absolute emergency and we forfeit the game.”

“Sounds good to me,” Jake nodded, “Okay, now let’s get to class before we’re late.”

The two headed in through the side door and made their way to their first class, getting there moments before the first bell. It didn’t give them a lot of time to talk, so they simply split up and took their seats as the school day began. Thankfully, Katniss and Jake had picked a pretty quiet week for their competition. They just had some big exams and the teachers were still easing them back into classwork.

Katniss shuffled in her seat, but it wasn’t from all the water she drank. She felt her heart pound as she waited nervously, thinking about the day ahead. The competition between her and Jake was a holding contest. How long could they go throughout the school day without using the bathroom? Katniss had a fetish for holding it, so she had done stuff like this to challenge herself before, but she never dreamed she’d ever be doing it with someone else.

That was until she found out Jake had a similar interest in holding, and her mind started churning with ideas they could both do together. They had even done a couple of holding contests on their own in private, but this would be their first time doing anything like this together at school, or anywhere in public for that matter. The two had planned it out. They would match each other’s water intake with the water bottles, and the two had emptied themselves out at the same time that morning, putting them on an even playing field in terms of their bladders, at least in theory. Obviously Jake was larger than her, and probably naturally had more capacity, but despite her small frame Katniss was well-practiced and could definitely hold in quite a bit. In fact, today her goal was to push herself and make it all the way to the end of the day.

The thought excited Katniss as much as it made her nervous. It was something she had tried on her own, but had never fully accomplished. Still, she felt the added competition with Jake would give her the motivation to push through. She felt like she couldn’t calm down as she barely paid attention to the lecture. She knew it was far too early to be seeing any signs yet, but she still glanced over at Jake from time to time, wondering when he’d start to feel the effects of all that water.

Perhaps it was because of all the nerves, or because she was thinking about it so much, but if Katniss really focused, she almost swore she could feel the slightest, telltale twinge in her own bladder. It was barely there, though, and really she was pretty sure it was mostly nerves. Knowing her own body, it would take at least a few hours for her to start to feel the urge, and even longer for it to get bad.

Sure enough, by the end of her first class, Katniss was still comfortable and Jake looked to be as well. As they left the classroom, they slipped into a more quiet hallway and lowered their voices.

“So, how are you holding up?” Katniss asked.

“I’m still fine,” Jake answered, “A little nervous, but I think that’s just because I’m waiting to feel anything.”

“Same here,” Katniss nodded, “Waiting can be the worst part.”

“Well, I’m sure we’ll be wishing for this stage once we get desperate,” Jake laughed, “I wonder how many classes we’ll make it through before one of us throws in the towel?”

“I dunno,” Katniss shrugged. She wasn’t about to tell Jake about her plan to hold it through the end of the day. For starters, she didn’t want to scare him off of ever doing this again, but she also wanted to win, and holding it until the end of the day was something she had never accomplished before. If Jake also set his sights on holding it through the day, instead of just outlasting her, then she wouldn’t have the luxury of giving in early.

“Well, I doubt I’ll give in at least until lunch, though I guess it depends on how we’re both feeling after our next few classes,” Jake pointed out.

“Right.”

The two made their way to their next class, and this time they got there early. Jake broke off as one of his friends called him over, and Katniss saw one of her friends, Layna, wave her over to her desk.

“What’s up?” Layna asked.

“Nothing much,” Katniss answered, “What about you?”

“Oh come on, don’t give me a ‘nothing much’,” Layna smirked, glancing over at Jake, “Something’s going on with you and Jake, I can tell.”

“What? O-of course not,” Katniss blushed, “We’re just good friends.”

“Uh-huh,” Layna nodded, clearly not buying it.

Katniss wasn’t lying though. It was true, she and Jake were just friends. They obviously had been growing closer ever since discovering their mutual fetish, and that had pushed things towards a more intimate and possibly even romantic direction, but neither of them had put any label on their relationship beyond just being friends.

Then again, Katniss was also pretty sure that “engaging in experimenting with a mutual shared fetish” would definitely count in Layna’s mind as “something going on” between her and Jake, so in the end it wasn’t like Layna was wrong either.

Thankfully, the bell rang and signaled the start of the next class, so Katniss was spared any more of Layna’s interrogation. Unfortunately, the next class was one of Katniss’s least favorites, math. It didn’t help that she didn’t really have to go yet, and a casual glance towards Jake showed that he was fine too.

Math dragged on, and by the end of the class Katniss was just grateful for the class to be over, as well as eagerly awaiting to feel anything from her bladder. Just like last time, she met up with Jake after they left the classroom, this time making sure Layna hadn’t followed them. She didn’t put it past her friend to snoop around.

As soon as the two were in private, they headed over to the water fountains, and Jake pulled out one of the empty bottles from earlier.

“Ready for another bottle?” Jake asked.

“Yeah,” Katniss nodded, “I’m not really feeling anything yet, so now’s as good of a time as any.”

“Hah, fair enough,” Jake nodded, “I’m not feeling much either, though I have gym next class, so that might change.”

“I have biology next,” Katniss noted. They would have to split up now, as the two didn’t have another class together until lunch. They had already planned around that, though. There were plenty of places they could meet up between classes, and Katniss didn’t think the check-ins would get interesting until they started really needing to pee anyway.

The two quickly filled up both bottles of water, chugging one immediately and putting the other one in their bags.

“The second bottle better be empty by lunchtime, like we agreed,” Katniss reminded Jake.

“Yup, don’t worry, I’ll make sure it’s empty,” Jake nodded, “Anyway, I gotta get going, gotta change into my gym clothes before I’m late.”

“Sounds good, see you after class,” Katniss waved.

That left Katniss standing next to the water fountain, watching Jake rush off. He still seemed completely comfortable. For her part, she was too, and as she glanced at the water fountain, she came up with another idea.

Frustrated with how slow it felt like she was filling up, and feeling pretty confident she could make it to the end of the day, or at least outlast Jake, Katniss filled her bottle up again. Now she had two full water bottles she’d need to empty before lunch time, as opposed to just the one Jake had.

It wasn’t what they had agreed upon, both her and Jake agreeing to match each other’s water intake, but if anything it was putting Katniss at the disadvantage, so it wasn’t like she was cheating. Besides, she reveled in the idea of the extra challenge.

She wasn’t about to chug it, though. Her stomach was still full from the bottle she just chugged, and she was sure the water from earlier was still making its way through her. She’d sip at it throughout her next class.

Speaking of her next class, Katniss made her way to biology. As she sat down, she felt the first telltale signs of an actual urge as a nagging twinge came from her bladder. Smiling, Katniss shuffled slightly and pressed her thighs together. She was finally starting to fill up.

Still, it was only a slight urge, and as Katniss sipped from her water bottle, she found her mind drifting. She didn’t quite need to pee yet and they weren’t going over anything important in class, so Katniss zoned out and thought about how everything with Jake began.

It was over the weekend, and the two were studying for their midterm exams together. They were helping each other on what classes they had together, but otherwise just enjoying each other’s company. They were supposed to have other friends over to help, but it wound up just being the two of them. Thinking back, Katniss was grateful no one else had been there, or else it might have ended very differently.

Katniss had been studying, and was shuffling in her seat, her bladder full. She wasn’t even really holding it intentionally, she had just taken up the habit of holding it until it became too much of a distraction, especially when she was at her own house and could go whenever she wanted. Unfortunately, just because she was used to it didn’t mean she wasn’t absolutely squirming at her desk, barely resisting the urge to jam a hand between her legs as she wrote down notes with her other hand.

“Hey, Kat, do you need to take a break?” Jake asked, startling Katniss out of her concentration.

“Huh?” Katniss realized she must’ve been restless, and shook her head, blushing, “Oh, no, I’m fine.”

“Are you sure, you look like you need to, erm…” Jake trailed off, “Nevermind.”

The two returned to studying, but now that Jake had brought Katniss’s attention to her full bladder, she found it hard to focus on her textbook. She blushed at the idea of holding it right there in front of Jake, and she was trying to make her movements look more generally restless as opposed to outright desperate. Still, that was easier said than done, and Katniss was worried Jake would notice.

Obviously the natural thing to do would just be to go to the bathroom, but Katniss had just insisted she was fine, and getting up to pee now would basically be confirming Jake’s suspicions, so Katniss had to hold it. Of course, she didn’t mind that, but she had to be subtle if she wanted to keep her fetish a secret.

It was only a few moments later when Katniss felt a wave from her bladder and she was forced to squeeze her thighs together. She shuffled in place and bit her lip, hoping Jake didn’t notice. She wasn’t so lucky. Jake arched an eyebrow at her and crossed his arms.

“Okay, Kat, sorry, but you definitely look like you need to pee, are you sure you’re alright?”

“Jake! That’s so crude,” Katniss deflected, something which was undermined by her bouncing legs, “Of course I don’t have to pee! If I did, I would! The bathroom’s just down the hall.”

“Then why are you dancing in your seat like you’re about to wet yourself?” Jake pointed out, “Besides, this isn’t the first time I’ve noticed you seemingly desperate even with a bathroom right there.”

“W-what do you mean?” Katniss’s heart leapt into her throat. Had Jake really noticed? Katniss always tried to be careful and subtle about it.

“There was that time when we went on that road trip with Blake and Tommy, and you skipped at least three pit stops while the rest of us went in. You were definitely bursting by the end of it. And there was that other time at the party where you insisted on leaving without going to the bathroom first, even though you were squirming like a little kid. And I’ve caught you squirming in class on more than one occasion.”

“Why’d you have to bring those up? They were embarrassing! Things just happen!” Katniss defended herself, “It’s not like I do it on purpose! And this is different. I’m just nervous about the midterms, I don’t have to pee!”

Jake looked like he wanted to protest more, but instead he simply let out a sigh and shook his head, “Alright, then.”

Katniss let out a sigh of relief, but she’d definitely have to be more careful with her holding endeavors in the future, especially since Jake was able to pick up on them so easily. She tried to stop her squirming and focus on studying properly, but she really did have to pee. She managed to hold out for another ten or so minutes without her squirming being too obvious, but she was hardly able to focus on anything but her bladder at that point.

“Hey, do you have the notes for world history for Friday? I was out that day,” Jake asked.

“Oh yeah, sure,” Katniss replied absentmindedly. She handed him her notebook and went back to trying to hold it without dancing desperately, pretending to study. However, as she did, something nagged at the back of her mind, something beyond needing to pee.

Unfortunately, the realization hit her too late. She turned to Jake, eyes wide, but was already reading the notebook, eyes wide in curiosity.

“Uh, I don’t think these are the world history notes,” Jake pointed out.

Katniss forgot. She often let her mind wander in history class, and often found herself writing down stories. Most of which involved her interest in holding. None of the stories were about her, of course, but her interest was clear in them.

“I, uh, that story is-!” Katniss stammered. She lunged forward, trying to take the notebook from Jake, but doing so sent a jolt through her bladder and she was forced to clamp her thighs together, only barely resisting the urge to grab herself.

“I’m gonna come out and ask, do you have a pee-holding fetish?” Jake asked.

Katniss’s face lit up like a Christmas tree, but it wasn’t like she could deny anything. She was caught red-handed, both with a full bladder and a notebook full of omo stories. She wanted to curl up into a ball and shrink into nothingness. She covered her face with her hands and let out an embarrassed squeak.

“Hey, it’s okay,” Jake replied, “Actually, I’m into it too. That’s why I was able to pick up on you holding it. I kinda knew what to look for.”

“W-wait, you do?” Katniss asked, turning around.

“Yup, I’ve always had a bit of an interest in it,” Jake admitted, a blush reaching up on his face as well.

Katniss couldn’t believe it. She had never dreamed of actually meeting someone who shared her interest before. And it wasn’t just anyone, it was Jake, someone she had known for a while and was good friends with.

Ever since that day, the two had begun exploring their shared fetish together. It started out mostly as discussions, but it eventually grew into holding contests when it was just the two of them alone. Eventually, though, the two got the idea for their current contest, and after much planning, they were now finally doing it.

Speaking of the contest, Katniss was definitely starting to fill up. Her need wasn’t urgent yet, but she could definitely feel her bladder starting to fill up. As the bell rang for the end of her third class, she gave her thighs a light squeeze as she downed the rest of her extra bottle.

She met up with Jake again, who was still looking pretty comfortable. He flashed her a smile and held up his other bottle to show that it was empty.

“Finished it during gym,” he replied, “How are you on yours?”

“I was going to drink it next class,” Katniss answered, holding up the second bottle that was still filled with water.

“Oh, slowing down?” Jake asked, “What’s the matter, starting to feel it?”

“A little, but I’m fine,” Katniss admitted, “Why, are you feeling it?”

“Starting to, but still fine too.”

Katniss smiled, this was where things were going to get interesting. Of course, Katniss was still pretty comfortable, and fully confident she’d make it to the end of the day. The question was, how would Jake hold up?

As much as she wanted to see, the two had separate classes again, and were forced to break off and head to their respective classrooms. Along the way, Katniss walked past the bathrooms and gave them a quick glance. While she wasn’t anywhere near desperate yet, she definitely could still feel her bladder filling up. She imagined an average person in a normal situation going through their day would be tempted to stop and pee, if only to avoid the discomfort of sitting through class feeling their bladder slowly fill up.

Of course, that exact sensation was what Katniss was after, and her heart raced with excitement as she walked confidently past the bathrooms and made her way to her next class. Now that she was starting to feel the urge to pee, she was able to focus on the occasional shuffle and thigh-squeeze as all that water started to make its way through her. Katniss also made sure to sip on her other water bottle, to make sure it was properly empty by lunch.

The class went by relatively smoothly, but by the end of it, Katniss definitely had to pee. It wasn’t an immediate urge, but her bladder was full and if she weren’t both used to the pressure in her abdomen and if it didn’t excite her, she’d definitely be feeling uncomfortable by now. Still, when the bell rang and she stood up, she was still feeling excited and confident about making it to the end of the day.

As she made her way to lunch, she had to press her thighs together as she walked to stave off the slight waves of urgency. She couldn’t wait to meet up with Jake to see how he was holding up. Surely if she was feeling it this much already, he must need to pee a little by now.

When Katniss met up with him, he was standing just outside the cafeteria, standing a bit more stiffly than normal. Katniss squinted for a shuffle, but he was annoyingly good at hiding when he needed to go, at least until it was really urgent.

“Hey,” Katniss smiled at him, “How are you holding up?”

“Pretty well. I have to go a little, but it’s nothing too urgent. Still, this is the part where it can get worse way faster.”

Katniss nodded. From her previous attempts to hold it through the entire day, she knew making it to lunch was the easy part. Once her bladder started to fill, though, that was when the real struggle began.

Certainly, she was now distinctly feeling her bladder in the back of her mind, and she was having to focus on not shuffling around. She wanted to stay on par with Jake in terms of how much she was letting her urge show. Not to mention the two were about to join up with their friends for lunch.

“I’m in the same boat, I’m feeling it, but it’s nothing too bad yet,” Katniss admitted, “Anyway, let’s get inside and meet at the usual table.”

The two made their way into the cafeteria and spotted the usual group. Tommy and another of their mutual friends Sam sat next to each other on one side, while Layna and Blake sat on the other. Blake patted the seat next to her for Katniss, and Jake took his usual spot across from her next to Tommy. Layna flashed Katniss a suspicious eye as she undoubtedly noticed the two showing up at the same time together, but Katniss ignored her.

As Katniss sat down, she felt a spasm from her abdomen as her movements put pressure on her bladder. She winced and squeezed her legs together, trying not to openly squirm. She immediately turned her attention to Jake, both to see if he picked up on her movements, but also to try to catch any glimpse that he had to pee too.

However, aside from looking a bit uncomfortable, she couldn’t catch any signs of urgency from him, and she was pretty sure the only reason she noticed his discomfort was because she was looking for it.

Still, now she needed to be on her toes. Not only was she starting to fill up faster, but they were in a group with their friends. Any signs of discomfort or unusual movements might tip them off. It didn’t help that she was sitting next to them, and didn’t have the privacy of a desk or table to hide her squirming.

“So, Blakey,” Layna leaned over, “You notice anything interesting about Katniss lately?”

“Huh?” Blake looked up from her phone, completely zoned out and oblivious. She gave Katniss a once-over and tilted her head to look at Layna, puzzled, “Not particularly. Why?”

“Really, you haven’t noticed anything interesting going on between her and Jake lately?” Layna whispered.

“Layna!” Katniss protested, frantically looking over at Jake. Thankfully, he was fully engaged in a conversation with Tommy and Sam about something or other.

“Oh, that,” Blake shrugged, “I guess they have been a bit closer lately.”

“See, see, even Blakey noticed!” Layna poked Katniss in the cheek in accusation, “You’re hiding something!”

“I didn’t say she was hiding something,” Blake pointed out, “Though she does look a bit flustered.”

“Only because you keep teasing me about it!” Katniss pouted.

“Fine, I’ll go for the other source!” Layna smiled, “Hey Jake!”

Jake turned around in surprise, and Katniss thought she caught him shuffling slightly as he turned around carefully. Finally a sign of urgency. Too bad it was because Layna was being nosy.

“Yeah?”

“Are you and Katniss dating?”

“W-what?” Jake’s eyes widened as though caught in headlights, “Uh…”

The whole table had their eyes on the two of them, and Jakes eyes shifted from Layna to Katniss and back at least a dozen times.

“W-we’re just friends,” he replied defensively, holding up his hands.

“Friends… with benefits?” Layna asked, “Come on, there’s gotta be something going on with you two!”

“N-no, there’s nothing,” Jake replied.

“R-really, Layna, everything is normal and fine between us, honest!” Katniss insisted.

Layna squinted at the two of them, as though she clearly didn’t buy it, but in the end she simply sighed and went back to her lunch, “Fine, fine, I’ll drop it.”

Katniss cast an apologetic, yet relieved gaze Jake’s way, and the two settled back in. The whole situation had made Katniss flustered, but now as she settled down, all she could feel was her filling bladder. She had been confident going into lunch that she could hold it the rest of the day, but now with her bladder constantly nagging her, she was having second thoughts. Maybe she could just settle for holding out longer than Jake.

As she shuffled, she could sense Layna’s eyes on her, but Blake also kept glancing over at her too.

“Hey, you okay?” Blake asked, “You look a bit restless.”

“I’m fine,” Katniss smiled, trying to stifle whatever squirming Blake picked up on.

“Actually, come to think of it, you’re squirmin’ a bit too,” Tommy smiled, pointing at Jake, “You still embarrassed by Layna’s question?”

“No, not at all, I’m good!”

“Maybe they’re both under the weather. I heard there was a cold going around. And if Layna’s right about them being close, then-” Sam interjected

“We’re not sick, we’re fine!”

By the time lunch was over, Katniss was more than eager to get to her next class. She definitely hoped the rest of the day would go by quickly. She suppressed her shuffling around her friends as she stood up and took care of her trash, but the second she and Jake slipped off away from them, she allowed herself to openly shuffle.

“Sorry about that,” Katniss apologized, “You know how Layna can be.”

“Yeah, but we can worry about that later,” Jake shrugged off, “How are you feeling?”

“I definitely need to go, but I can keep holding. What about you?”

“I’m definitely filling up, but I’m not worried yet. Do you think we can make it to the end of the day?”

Katniss felt her bladder spasm in protest at the thought. Ironically, that had been her goal, but the more she filled up, the less confident she was that she could make it. If Jake was shooting for it, though, she’d have no choice unless she wanted to give up early.

“You really wanna aim for the end of the day?”

“I dunno yet, the second half of the day’s gonna be worse. I’ll see how I’m feeling after this next class.”

“Alright,” Katniss nodded.

The next class was one she had with Jake, so she followed him through the halls until they reached the classroom. She was grateful to be sitting down again, doubly so for having the privacy of a desk to hide her shuffling a little.

Especially since Katniss was definitely starting to shuffle. She could feel her bladder steadily filling, and while she hadn’t refilled her water bottles at lunch, she did have some juice with her lunch that she was now regretting. There was also that extra bottle of water she had drank earlier. She really hoped she wouldn’t regret it.

As the class started, she kept glancing over at Jake, noticing the occasional squirm and wriggle from him. She blushed at the thought of him also looking over at her as well and seeing her shuffling. Indeed, she caught him looking over a few times, and it made her heart race.

Of course, that sensation was nothing compared to the urgent pressure growing in her abdomen. As the class time ticked by, she was starting to get more and more desperate. She really couldn’t focus on the teacher. Thankfully it wasn’t material she really needed to take notes on. She pressed her thighs together and tapped the tip of her pencil on her paper, trying to look busy as she tried not to think about her quickly filling bladder.

She tried to take her mind off of it by engaging in one of her other hobbies, creative writing. She began scribbling down a story about a girl walking through an enchanted forest. At some point she decided the girl was a witch looking for magical ingredients for a potion. She lived in a cottage in the forest, but had gone on a long winding path looking for special flowers with magical energy. She finally found them, but now she was deep within the forest, and she had to pee. The magic forest was enchanted, and in many ways alive, and would punish those who disrespected the forest. That included unruly humans who would wander in and just peed wherever they wanted. So even though the witch really had to pee, she’d just have to make it home somehow.

Katniss blushed as she realized she was writing another omo story. Far from getting her mind off her need, as she imagined the poor witch squirming as she tried to make it home, Katniss herself shuffled in her seat, wondering if she could hold it until the end of the day. She felt a strong wave of desperation rise up from her abdomen and she discreetly slipped a hand in-between her legs, making sure the motion was hidden by her desk. She then squeezed and clamped down, fighting off the wave as she bit her lip.

By the end of class, she was definitely desperate. She was fairly confident she could make it one more class, but she had one more class after that and she really didn’t think she could hold it that long. She was really regretting drinking that extra bottle now. Maybe if she hadn’t been so overconfident, her bladder would’ve filled up just that much slower.

Thankfully for her, Jake was also starting to squirm. By the time they met up, he was definitely walking stiffly and clenching his teeth as he shuffled from side to side.

“Hey, thinking of giving in?” Katniss teased.

“No, I’m still good. It’s definitely getting a bit bad, though. How about you?”

“It’s quite urgent,” Katniss nodded, “I can manage the next class, though.”

“We’ll see about that,” Jake smiled, noticing her squirming.

Their next class was also together, so Katniss and Jake could monitor each other’s desperation. It was definitely starting to show, too. Katniss’s bladder was rather full, and she could feel it starting to swell against her skirt’s waistband. Jake was all but restless, bouncing his leg under his desk as the class started.

Katniss was getting nervous again. Not only was it exciting that she could finally see Jake squirming alongside her, and finally knew they both really had to pee, but she was genuinely nervous about getting caught. Jake had noticed her holding it all those times, and now they were both holding it together. Thankfully Layna wasn’t in this class, or she’d definitely be onto them. There were also some other acquaintances in this class that, while not in their immediate friend group, could easily have heard rumors of them being together.

That was all second to Katniss’s main concern now, though, and that was holding it. She was really getting desperate. She clamped her thighs together as she tried to ignore the pressure mounting in her abdomen. She leaned slightly forwards, then back to try to find the most comfortable position that would let her hold it as discreetly as possible. Even then, she couldn’t quite keep her legs still.

She looked over to check on Jake, only to catch him glancing over at her in turn. She blushed and turned away, but then looked again. Jake was blushing from just having been caught staring, but he was also restless. He was gritting his teeth and Katniss could swear she saw some sweat on his forehead. He was desperate too. Maybe he’d tap out after this.

Maybe that was for the best. After all, Katniss had one more class after this, and she was already this desperate. She didn’t think she’d really be able to hold it through another class. As much as she enjoyed holding it, she didn’t like the idea of wetting. It was too embarrassing, and she much preferred making it to a bathroom, even with seconds to spare. Besides, it would be more than humiliating to wet herself in the middle of class.

Of course, that was only if Jake tapped out. Katniss wasn’t about to give up first. That being said, she really was desperate. She once again discreetly snaked her hand down to hold herself under her desk, pressing down and gritting her teeth as her bladder spasmed, trying to get her to give in and go.

By the end of class, Katniss was bursting. She almost couldn’t wait to drag Jake somewhere discreet for the check-in.

“It’s getting really bad,” Katniss admitted.

“You gonna throw in the towel?” Jake asked.

Katniss bit her lip. Jake still sounded confident, “No, but how are you holding up?”

“I really gotta go,” Jake admitted, “But I think I can make it to the end of the day. We’re almost there.”

“Y-yeah,” Katniss nodded.

She really didn’t want to give in, but her bladder ached at the very thought of holding it in through another class. Still, if Jake was confident despite clearly being desperate, then she couldn’t just let him show her up.

“Alright,” Jake said, “Ah, but if it gets too bad, we can always text each other that we’re tapping out.”

“Right.”

Unfortunately, they didn’t share a last class together, so they were once again forced to split up as Katniss shuffled to her last class. Once there, Katniss saw Blake waving her over. Katniss quickly shuffled over, trying to walk as normally as possible with her full bladder, and sat down. She froze as her bladder gave a strong squeeze and winced until the wave passed, and Blake looked over at her, troubled.

“Hey, you alright? You look uncomfortable,” Blake pointed out.

“I’m fine!” Katniss replied, though her bladder screamed otherwise as she shuffled in her seat.

“You sure?” Blake asked, “Hey, sorry about earlier. You know the others can get caught up in the rumor mill, but I’m sorry if we made you and Jake uncomfortable.”

“Oh, no worries, it’s nothing!” Katniss shrugged off.

The class started and Blake, the ever dutiful note-taker, immediately turned her attention to the board. Katniss sighed and shuffled, feeling her bladder spasm as she leaned over her desk. Beneath her desk her legs were twisted together and she was trying not to make her shuffling too obvious. Blake had already noticed her discomfort, and the last thing she needed was for her to pick up that she was absolutely bursting.

And Katniss was absolutely bursting. As she glanced up at the clock, she had no idea how she was going to actually hold it through the entire class period. She was already so full. Her bladder was sitting like a rock in her abdomen. She had to pee so bad that every time she drew in a breath she could feel it put pressure on her bladder.

Then the waves started coming. As her bladder reached its limit, it urged her to let go. Each one caused a spike in her desperation and Katniss was starting to worry she might leak. She wouldn’t let herself completely lose it in class, but she was really worried she’d start letting out small drops into her underwear.

She snaked a hand down and tried desperately to relieve some pressure by pressing down on it. Thankfully she gained a little relief from it. However, she then noticed Blake giving her a sideways glance, a worried expression on her face.

“You okay?” Blake mouthed.

“I’m fine, really!” Katniss insisted.

Blake didn’t look convinced, but she turned her attention back to the board. Katniss had never been so grateful her friend was so studious than right now.

To try to distract herself, Katniss tried to go back to the omo story she had been writing earlier. However, it was no use. Not only did writing about needing to pee when she was bursting not help in the slightest, but she could barely focus. All she could think about was whether or not the poor little witch girl would make it home.

She also wondered whether she could really make it to the end of class. She glanced up at the clock and agonized at how much time was left. She was nearing her limit, but there the clock stood, ticking slowly on without any care for her aching bladder. Another spasm hit her and it took all her willpower not to double over onto her desk and clamp her eyes shut. Instead she squeezed her legs together as tightly as she could and breathed carefully to try to fight the wave.

Once it was over, she reached down to her phone, genuinely tempted to tap out. She could ask to use the bathroom and make a mad dash. She opened up the messenger to text Jake, but she paused. She would be giving up right at the finish line. Surely she could muster up the strength to hold it just a little longer.

Despite how full her bladder was, she put the phone down and grit her teeth, resolved to hold it. This wasn’t just about beating Jake. Making it through the end of the day was a challenge she had always wanted to complete herself.

Despite feeling like she was on the verge of wetting, somehow, Katniss managed to power through, though not without another few concerned glances from Blake. Her friend didn’t seem the least bit surprised, then, when the bell finally rang and Katniss bolted out of the room as fast as she could.

Running probably wasn’t helping her bladder, but Katniss didn’t care at this point. She just needed to get to the meeting point with Jake. She hobbled around the corner, desperately fighting the urge to openly grab herself, and was relieved to see Jake standing there, dancing in place and waiting.

“Alright, we made it to the end of the day,” Jake said, “Now what?”

“You think you can hold it any longer?” Katniss asked.

“Absolutely not, I’m bursting,” Jake admitted, “But you don’t look like you’re in much better shape.”

“Are you saying we should call this a draw?” Katniss asked.

“You want to keep going?” Jake’s eyes widened.

In truth, Katniss wanted to be done just as much as Jake, but letting it end with a draw wouldn’t be satisfying.

“Agh fine! You win!” Jake gave in, “I’m gonna piss myself!”

“Alright, let’s go.”

Katniss and Jake rushed to the nearest bathrooms, but there was a problem. Since it was the end of the day, and they were near the main hall, the bathrooms were absolutely packed. It was clear they weren’t going to make it through the lines.

“We should try the gym bathrooms, hardly anyone’s there after school unless there’s a sports team practicing, and there isn’t today,” Jake suggested.

“Anywhere’s fine, I gotta go!”

Katniss and Jake danced desperately as they weaved through the main crowd, trying to push themselves towards the gym. However, it was far too crowded, and the two wound up getting separated. Katniss didn’t care, though. All she needed was a place to pee. Right now. She wove her way through the crowd, wincing whenever her abdomen was pressed on by a shoved body or an errant elbow, and finally made it outside into the crowded parking lot.

Jake, on the other hand, managed to slip out a side hallway and made his way outside, also next to the parking lot. There was an alleyway between the main building and the gym he could use to slip through to the gym bathrooms. He just needed to push through the crowd around the parking lot to get there.

By the time he made it, he was at his limit, and as he slipped into the alleyway he looked around. The bathrooms were still a few halls down, but all the contents of his bladder needed out right now. With no one else around, he slipped into the alleyway, reached down, and undid his zipper.

Katniss also remembered the alleyway that cut through the gym, and she managed to slip through the crowd and bound down it. She practically barreled into Jake, who was just starting to relieve himself right there in the alleyway.

“W-what are you doing?” Katniss gasped.

“I really couldn’t hold it a second longer! Sorry!” Jake admitted.

“Ah damnit, me neither!” Katniss felt her bladder spasm one more time and realized she had seconds. She reached up, hiked up her skirt, tore her panties to the side and squatted down right next to Jake.

There was no stopping the dam once it burst. It sprayed out of her with enough force to splash against the far wall as she let out a long sigh of relief. Her stream splashed loudly onto the ground below, soaking the concrete and quickly forming a sizable puddle.

Next to her, Jake’s stream also sprayed, splashing against the wall before running down in a river and pooling to form his own puddle. Katniss figured she should’ve been embarrassed at peeing next to Jake like this, not to mention that if she looked over she could see his manhood as he drained his bladder, but she was far too absorbed in her own relief to even care about that right now.

The two stood there, fully draining themselves of a day’s worth of holding. It was definitely a representation of their contest together, as were the two massive puddles growing steadily beneath them.

After what felt like an eternity, the two’s streams began to taper off, and their blissful relief was slowly replaced with an awkward embarrassment, as well as a fear of getting caught. As soon as they’re able, they let their streams taper off and fix their clothes, standing there awkwardly.

“So uh, I…” Jake scratched his head.

“That was, um,” Katniss blushed, looking around. Her eyes caught the size of their puddles. They were both massive, but Katniss noticed hers was just slightly bigger than Jake’s, “My puddle’s bigger, so I guess I really did win.”

“H-hey, that wasn’t part of the contest! Besides, you already won when I gave up,” Jake pointed out. He then blushed and looked down at his own puddle, “They are pretty massive though, huh.”

“We were really holding in a lot,” Katniss noted, “I was so desperate I couldn’t help but hold myself, even though people could see me.”

“Yeah, it’s pretty embarrassing being that desperate, where people might notice.”

“Speaking of people noticing, maybe we shouldn’t be sticking around here,” Katniss pointed out.

“Good idea!”

The two tried to slip out of the alleyway discreetly, but it was just their luck that they bumped into their friends. Tommy, Sam, Layna, and Blake were all making their way down the sidewalk next to the alley, and they all definitely noticed Katniss and Jake both leaving it. It wasn’t exactly a common shortcut either.

Layna noticed immediately, “Okay, you two were definitely doing something in that alley.”

“N-no we weren’t!” Katniss sputtered, her face lighting up bright red. They hadn’t gone very far into the alley, so their puddles were pretty visible just by looking down from the sidewalk.

Jake tried to block the alley with his body, though this only made him look even more suspicious.

“What, hiding a body down there?” Tommy joked, “Come on, we’ve all noticed something going on with you two. If you were making out or something, it’s cool.”

“You’re looking a lot better from earlier,” Blake noticed, talking to Katniss, “Perhaps a lot more relieved about something.”

Cornered by their friends, the two were afraid they wouldn’t get out of this mess without an explanation. Perhaps they should’ve been more careful planning this out. There was one thing Katniss knew for sure, though. If they ever did this again, and she had so much fun she certainly wanted to, they would definitely have to be more careful.

