Ja'Lana: return of the Brotherhood

Author: spoilerman

*000*2020-11-26 10:06

Sequel to my first story

$/46090-jalana-and-the-kidnappers/

This one is mainly a tickle story and contains only a little omorashi at the end but i have to post it because otherwise part three won't make any sense (yes i have ideas for a part three XD)

WARNING: THIS STORY CONTAINS STRONG LANGUAGE AND IMPLIED DEATH

Ja’Lana: return of the Brotherhood

It had been a month since her near death experience by the hands of the Dark Brotherhood and, miraculously, no new attempt at her life were made but, despite that, she lived constantly on edge, never letting her guard down even in her sleep.

That had to stop.

She couldn’t keep living like this, she had to do something to make sure those assassins would leave her alone for good.

She started gathering information whenever she could, asking if there were news of the Brotherhood in almost every inn she stayed at.

Until she stopped in Windhelm.

That night, in the warm common room of Candlehearth Hall, she heard the words she had been waiting for since that horrible night

« The Dark Brotherhood? Well, young Aventus Aretino has been heard chanting something ominous in his home for days now. Poor kid was supposed to live in an orphanage in Riften after his mother...well...anyway, nobody dares to get close to that house anymore and nobody knows what to do with the kid anyway. He will get tired and leave eventually. »

Ja’Lana didn’t even let the barkeep finish, she dropped some coins on the counter and left.

Picking the lock to the Aretino manor was a piece of cake and so was slipping through the empty rooms, following a creepy chant.

There, in a candle lit room, the kid knelt while chanting the black sacrament over and over, he was obviously exhausted and malnourished.

Ja’Lana stepped forward and tapped his shoulder

« You...you are HERE! » the kid shouted ecstatically « Finally! An assassin from the Dark Brotherhood has answered my prayers! » he paused for a moment « you...ARE an assassin from the Brotherhood, right? » « Of course this one is, you performed the rite and this one appeared. » Aventus looked skeptical « how do I know you are telling the truth? You aren’t wearing any symbols » Ja’Lana huffed « Of course, silly her! She forgot her nice banner at home, the one that said “this is an assassin from the Brotherhood, please pay her no mind”. Little one, this one’s patience is running thin, who is the target? »

Aventus chuckled « yeah, that makes sense...oh...the contract, right! I need you to kill the headmistress of the orphanage in Riften, Grelod the kind. » Ja’Lana raised an eyebrow « isn’t it a bit too much? Hiring the Brotherhood because you got scolded? We are not cheap, you know. » the kid teared up a bit « It’s not that...you see...when mom died I was sent into that place. Grelod doesn’t scold kids, she tortures them. She ties kids to the wall, forcing them to live in their own filth for days, weeks even. I...couldn’t stand it anymore, I couldn’t stand seeing my friends being treated like that. Please, kill Grelod ».

She rolled her eyes at the sight of this crying kid « Fine, THIS seems to be a fair enough reason for a contract. This one will see to it. »

She left the house without waiting for a response but still managed to catch a faint « thank you » coming from the mansion.

Her plan was probably the stupidest thing she ever came up with. First, find a contract for the Brotherhood, then complete it before they can and leave a note on the corpse, warning them to eave her alone for good.

Admittedly, she was realizing how stupid that sounded and she was losing confidence with every step she took and, when she finally reached Riften, she was one hundred percent sure the plan would be a total failure, but she couldn’t stop now.

She reached her destination when the sun was still high so she decided to scout the area while waiting for nightfall.

The orphanage was located on the edge of town, with a nice view of the lake, other than that it was a building like any other, one main entrance and lots of windows.

She peeked inside only to be greeted by the scene of the old hag scolding the poor orphans, there weren’t many of them but they were incredibly diverse. From Nord to Imperial, she could have sworn a little High elf was in there too.

The one that caught her eye the most, however, was a rather heavy looking orc girl who was meekly staring at the ground while being scolded for not doing her chores.

For a split second, tho, the girl looked up and out of the window and frowned deeply, as if she spotted the Khajiit spying on her.

Ja’Lana quickly ducked into cover and silently moved away from the building and heading for the tavern to await nightfall.

Looking around the orphanage that night she found some stacked boxes which she used to reach the roof and the small skylight she spotted while leaving earlier that day. Opening the dilapidated window was incredibly easy, getting in using said window...not so much. Sadly, Ja’Lana underestimated the size of her thick thighs, resulting in her pants getting caught by a poking nail which forced her to just leave them there alongside her shoes and proceed the assassination bottomless, embarrassing sure, but since everyone besides her target was asleep, she thought nothing of it. Besides, she surprisingly enjoyed the mixed feelings of vulnerability and power that the situation gave her...also the breeze on her pussy felt really good that night for some reason.

It didn’t take long to find Grelod as her room was the one overhanging the lake and was the only one with a lit candle in it. Quietly, Ja’Lana prowled the supporting beams underneath the ceiling and tried to think of a way of killing that hag.

Surely she could just jump down and cut her throat with her sharp nails, but that could result in the crone screaming for help. Maybe suffocating her with a pillow? No, the hag didn’t seem tired despite the late hours.

She kept thinking for a while until she noticed a rope, but not just any old rope: the rope that was holding the chandelier.

And luck of lucks, the blasted thing was almost above Grelod, all she would have to do would have been to silently cut the rope with one of her nails, wait for the old fart to be in perfect position and let go of the rope.

Just a terrible accident that resulted in the death of a terrible person.

Without wasting any second, she leaned forward, grabbed the rope and started quietly cutting it.

The rope started snapping while Grelod got closer and closer to the perfect spot, until...she walked away in the opposite direction. Exactly in that moment the rope completely snapped and Ja’Lana had to leap in order to catch the falling chandelier and keep it in place hoping that Grelod would come back.

There she stood, completely tense with the claws of her feet sinking in the support beam to keep a precarious foothold while the surprisingly heavy chandelier dangled from the scrap of rope she was holding with bot her outstretched hands.

Suddenly, she felt the beam shake a bit, as if someone as heavy if not heavier than her was walking on it.

« My my » a squeaky voice taunted « i didn’t know about the new dress code for assassinations » Ja’Lana focused her sight into the darkness to her right and finally noticed her: the buff orc girl was standing there, hands on her hips with a mocking grin on her face.

More importantly, she was now wearing a skintight dark suit with the oh so familiar symbol of a black hand on her shoulder

« Please, don’t tell her you are a vampire orc kid... » mumbled a very tense Ja’Lana trying both to be silent and to hold on the chandelier.

The kid got closer, she was oddly feminine for someone that should have been around ten years old, she gently caressed the Khajiit’s head and cupped her hand behind her ear. She then whispered softly « First off, I’m not a vampire » her free hand slid under Ja’Lana’s shirt « second, I’m not a kid » the hand reached one of the now hardening nipples « third... » she pinched the sensitive nub of flesh making the Khajiit yelp « ...i’m NOT an orc! I am a GOBLIN! You call me “orc” again and you are going to end up with a couple missing appendages »

She let go of the nipple and gently caressed it, as if to say sorry « Now, you must be Ja’Lana, the one that quite literally pissed Babette off... » she looked down « oh I know the old hag, she just went for her evening piss in the canal, don’t know why she does that since we have a toilet, maybe she enjoys it. Since you are already here and holding that thing, I’ve decided to let you have the kill. The hag should be here any moment now and she needs to pass under you to go to sleep. »

Ja’Lana’s eyes narrowed

« What’s the catch? » she whispered « Why are you letting her steal your contract? » the goblin smirked « Oh, I’m not LETTING you, I’m just saying that if you can hold that thing in place until Grelod comes back, you can have the kill...hoooooweveeeerrrr... » a sharp nail started to trace around her belly button « I never said I would make it easy for you, kitty cat. » she was now teasing her sides with both of her hands « You see, Babby and Gabby, are both alive and well and they had to vent about their failed assassination of a dark orange Khajiit that proved to be exceptionally susceptible to…THE TICKLES » the goblin started to skitter her honed fingers all over Ja’Lana’s unprotected belly making her snicker and almost let go of the rope.

« Pfft...what is ihihit with you guys and tickling? Can’t you juhuhuhust stab her and be done? Why do you need to humiliate her so muhuhuohohuch? »

The goblin girl slowed down her assault and climbed on Ja’Lana’s back, resting her chin on Ja’Lana’s shoulder « Oh, I’m sure Babby just wanted to have fun and toy with you, live as long as she has and you are bound to develop a superiority complex… » she got in closer to her ear whilst caressing her abdomen lower and lower « ...as for me… » she finally reached her target and started to run one finger over Ja’Lana’s now aching clit « ...i’m actually into this shit. I love to break my targets, to make them have mixed feelings about having an orgasm right before dying...it’s so...intoxicating » she stroked faster while using her free hand to tickle Ja’Lana’s armpit.

The poor Khajiit was in a limbo of pleasure and torment, on one hand she was hating all of this, on the other, she was begging for the release that the goblin, masterfully was denying her.

Worse than that was the fact that she was feeling weirdly excited, as if she went an entire week without release, so excited that her juiced gushed a little when the goblin finally stuck two of her fingers in her now drenched pussy.

« What...is...happening to...her? » muttered Ja’Lana biting her lip « Whaaa...what did you do, goblin? » the girl smirked « Name’s Malina and I bet you noticed that pesky nail sticking from the window you used to get in. » she inserted another finger while she moved her free hand over Ja’Lana’s belly « That was my little present for you, I knew you were going to get in from there and I knew your sexy ass would not fit properly. So I may or may not have dipped that single nail in a rather powerful aphrodisiac. No matter how much you try to hold it, you are going to come for me, kitty cat » she then proceeded to pick up the pace, rubbing Ja’Lana’s clit with her thumb and spider-tickling her exposed navel with her sharp nails « Just let it go and moan for me! ».

Each stroke sent her closer to the edge, she tried biting her lips harder but small moans and jiggles were starting to come out

« Mmm...no… » those damned fingers reached deeper and her breathing intensified « please….shehehe...can’t…cuhuhum... » the tickling shifted to her breasts and nipples and her body started to tense « muhuhust...hohohohold… » then the sharp nail of Malina’s thumb scratched her clit, just under her hood.

Her eyes widened, her cheeks puffed up like balloons and her claws dug even deeper in the now straining support beam « PFFFFT….mmm…. » one last thrust sent her over the edge and, finally, she let out a loud cackling moan « oooh...nooohohohohOHHOOOOOOOOHAHAHH! ».

« I heard something! » an old voice echoed from below her « is someone in my room? Are you brats trying to pull another one of your stunts? » Grelod was finally back but she was now aware that something was there.

Instinctively, Ja'Lana covered her mouth with her left hand, biting down her own index finger to stop any more noises but that left her with only one hand holding the chandelier which caused the rope to slip a bit.

I swear to Mara, if you brats left another dead fish in my bed I’m going to bring out the iron whipping cane! » Grelod was searching every corner of the room, walking under the chandelier multiple times but never staying there long enough for Ja’Lana to let it fall on her.

Perched on her back, Malina was enjoying the scene of Grelod running around like a madwoman « Look at her go nuts » she whispered « Well, this has gone on long enough, I doubt I can make you make noise again but... » she quietly jumped down from her back « …on the plus side, you just gave me only two primary targets to strike ».

She approached her right side and used her sharp nails to cut a hole in Ja’Lana’s shirt to get access to her armpit.

Armpit that Malina then proceeded to tickle with just one finger « Coochie coochie… » she teased « I know you can’t hoooooold iiiiiit, you are too sensitive nooooow…. » she noticed the wooden beam starting to splinter where Ja’Lana’s claws were digging in and saw her soft pads partially visible under her soles.

A smile formed on her light green face while she reached for something behind her, pulling out a small, stiff feather on a stick « Let’s see what gives in first: your arm, your feet…or the wood…tiiiiickle tiiiiickle... » and with that, the stiff feather begun its dance on the soft exposed pads, the immobile toes trembling with each stroke, weakening the old wood with each shiver.

Ja’Lana started to tear up, biting harder on her finger to stop herself from laughing but her orgasm had set her nerves on fire and weakened her muscles.

Some jiggles started to escape again « mhmhhm...nohohohh…noohohot her pads… » she muttered as the feather continued its merciless dance, all the while the relentless tease of her armpit caused the rope to slip again, forcing Ja’Lana to bite down her lip and use both hands to hold the rope again. Grelod was moving closer to the perfect spot, trying to find the source of the weird noises in her room. If only that old hag would simply stop under the chandelier and stay still, she thought, she would be finally out of this situation.

« I admire your tenacity, kitten, but it’s time to end this » with that, Malina put away the feather and used bot hands to scratch Ja’Lana’s sensitive beans. She managed to yell one last « FHUHUHUHHUHCK! » before her toes scrunched with such force that the old wooden beam was torn to splinters.

She was dragged up, slamming her head against the ceiling, her claws tried to grab onto something managing to hold for a second on a piece of wood. Her efforts were in vain, though, and she quickly fell, flailing her limbs, after the chandelier that had already punched a sizable hole in the floor, while part of the supporting beam fell in front of the door, sealing it shut.

However, her mad flailing saved her when she managed to grab the edges of the hole, she was alive but she was stuck with her arms and legs spread, holding on the edges with the tip of her claws.

Too tired to pull herself up, she tried to look for a way out but the only thing she saw was Grelod, standing speechless near the hole seething with anger, she hadn’t been this furious since little Runa Fair-Shield spiked her evening tea with laxative.

« WHAT IN OBLIVION IS GOING ON? » the old hag shouted « What are you, a thief? A murderer? » she then noticed Ja’Lana’s lack of pants and underwear and gasped « No...you must be worse! This is an ORPHANAGE! What do you think you are doing in here in that state? What were you planning? » she angrily stomped to a closet and pulled out something, something long, like a stick. Despite her head pounding, Ja’Lana managed to focus her sight on that object, it wasn’t a stick, nor a spear...it was far worse.

A BROOM.

« ANSWER ME, CAT! What were you doing here? » she started poking her with the stiff but somewhat soft bristles, stroking her exposed and now hyper sensitive belly in the process.

« Hehe… » she couldn’t help but jiggle « hihihi... » Grelod’s eyes flared up « How dare you laugh at me?! » she kept thrusting her broom harder and faster « Pffft...sthohohohop! » she was trying to hold it in, hoping Grelod wouldn’t find out her weakness « I said STOP LAUGHING! What’s so funny about thi...OH! » the old hag flashed a crooked smile « i get it, we got ourselves a ticklish kitty, don’t we? » suddenly, her strokes became more focused and more rhythmic, each swipe hitting all of Ja’Lana’s weak spots one after the other « Nononononohohohho! She just...she juhuhust... » Grelod cut her plea short « I don’t really care about why you are here anymore, all that matters is that there are hundreds of slaughterfish in this lake and you won’t be bothering me much longer… ».

Ja’Lana wanted to tell her, to beg her, to implore her to stop. She was trying to warn her that she had had an orgasm, that each brush was both heaven and hell for her, she wanted to beg her not to go any lower...and yet, a part of her was loving this, each brush making her more aroused.

**brush brush** her nipples hardened;

**brush brush** her pussy moistened;

**brush brush** her limbs trembled and low pitched moans escaped her mouth.

« Are you…? » Grelod stuttered « Are you ENJOYING THIS?! » Ja’Lana couldn’t answer, she was too busy biting her lip, trying to hold back what could have been the biggest orgasm of her life.

The hag, however, didn’t need an answer. She knew what was happening and she was furious to the point of alternating insults to the strokes of her dreaded broom « You filthy » **brush** « perverted » **brush brush** « disgusting » **brush brush brush** « furry » **bruuuuush** « freak! » on that last word Grelod brushed with such an intensity and speed that some bristles managed to get under her hood and wrap around her clitoris, teasing it in ways she didn’t think possible, pushing her over the edge.

Poor Ja’Lana could do nothing except roll back her eyes, bite her lips and open the flood gates.

Right there, hanging for her life, she came to a broom held by an old bitch, she felt both humiliated and incredibly confused. Her focus, however, came back rather quickly after noticing Grelod moving to her side, finally tired of toying with her she raised the broom aiming for her head.

Ja’Lana felt like time slowed down, frantically scanning her surroundings for a way out she noticed the only thing that could save her.

A loop of rope.

Grelod was standing on a loop of rope on the ground, on the other end of that rope was the thing that caused all of this: the dreaded chandelier.

After breaking the wooden floor part of the rope got caught in it, keeping the damned thing from falling in the lake.

Her tail moved quickly, whipping the precariously placed rope and dislodging it. The chandelier resumed its fall, tightening the loop around Grelod’s legs and pulling her down with it.

The last thing to come out from the crone’s mouth was a surprised gasp, then the sound of a heavy weight hitting the water.

Then silence.

Ja’Lana felt her strength leaving her, as she started to lose consciousness she could barely make out the quiet footsteps approaching her, then everything went dark.

« ..tha...on’t do.. »

She could hear a young yet familiar voice say

« Sha… the pits »

Her head was banging like crazy, it took a while for her vision to stabilize and for her ears to stop ringing and finally realize where she was.

« Oh » a familiar squeaky voice gasped « Babby, she is awake »

Malina jumped on the table she was resting on

« Almost thought you were a goner there, that whole ordeal was quite exhausting »

A quick pull on her arms and legs confirmed that she was bound in a reversed Y position.

« Mal, don’t be shilly, thish flea bag is more reshilient that you could imagine »

She recognized the voice, it was clearly Babette, but she sounded so weird right now.

Ja’Lana tried to turn her head towards the vampire but still couldn’t make out more than her silhouette « Where...where is she? » her head banging harder with each word « The...the lake...Riften...how… » Malina petted her on the head « Shhh now, don’t overdo it, save your strength you are going to need it. » she didn’t know when it happened but now Babette was standing right next to the table, a deep scowl on her young face « Sho…we meet again, Khashiit... » she finally realized what was wrong with her « Wait...what happened to your teeth? » the vampire frowned even deeper « YOU HAPPENED! » shouted Babette slamming her hands on the table.

« YOU FUCKING CAT! I should jusht... » Gabriella came from behind her and hugged her « Now now Babby, calm down, we are almost done and we all agreed on this. Besides, she will suffer more this way than with whatever method you would choose to kill her ».

Hearing those words sent Ja’Lana in a panic

« What...what are you going to do to her? She is sorry, she didn’t mean for that to happen! She was just defending herself! PLEASE! » she pulled on her bindings in vain « Oh, we are going to do something utterly horrendous… » said Malina with a stone cold voice « ...we are going to RECRUIT YOU »

Ja’Lana was baffled « Wait...she doesn’t understand..is this a joke? » Babette grabbed her by the cheeks and turned her face towards hers « No joke pusshycat. You have any idea how mush of an hindranshe that shtunt of yoursh caushed? I have losht my TEETH! For the pasht month I’ve been drinking blood from a shtraw and it will take another for my fangsh to regrow! » Ja’Lana couldn’t help but chuckle at that image « She is sorry but still...why recruit her? »

Gabriella interceded « Because, Babette is in no condition to complete contracts, so we are one member short. This is where you come in. You will work for us until her fangs grow back and, if you do a good job, we MIGHT decide not to kill you afterwards. Oh and before you ask » she snapped her fingers causing the room to lit up « We are taking precautions so don’t even think of backstabbing us or even run away. »

With the room lit she could see everything clearly. She was tied, completely naked, to a stone table surrounded by mirrors that gave her ample view of her situation.

She could see that weird runes had been painted on her nipples, belly and, thanks to a convenient mirror placed above her crotch, clit, she also realized what those mangled words she heard while waking up meant. Her armpits had been shaven clean and runes had been painted in the hollow of her pits, weirdly enough there were some runes on her ears too.

« What is this? What are you going to do to her? » she asked still quite panicked

« You shee… » Babette grabbed a pair of gloves from a small table and got closer to her ears « I didn’t forget the...shall we shay...peculiar shituashion we found ourselvesh in... » Ja’Lana started to wince as the weird hiss in the vampire voice made her realize that her bladder was quite full now « What...what about that? » she asked, trying to hide it.

Babette smiled « Well...we know your weaknessh and we are going to ushe it to keep you in sheck » she handed the gloves to Malina who eagerly put them on.

« You shee, we thought thish through for a while, we had to promishe favoursh in return for the help or a powerful wishard » Ja’Lana was now certain the vampire was choosing her words specifically to include as many hisses as possible « Thoshe gloves will give Malina the ability to, for a lack of a better term, teashe and play with you from a dishtance. But unfortunately (for you) you woke up before we could complete the ritual, sho you will have to experieshe the last part yourself » Babette pulled out a phial from her pocket and placed it in a hole in the table, right below Ja’Lana’s crotch.

« All we need is some of your pissh to finish the binding spell, be a dear and comply, it will be eashier for you » she proceeded to rub the bound Khajiit’s belly which caused Ja’Lana to try and close her legs « Jusht think about flowing riversh...fountainsh...waterfallshhh » the bound cat was trembling but she still managed to hold it in.

Gabriella huffed and moved near Ja’Lana’’s head « Babette dear, I know you want to have fun but we have been at this for three hours and I’m tired, so let’s just use the special spell and be done with it »

« What...spell…? » asked the khajiit « Oh, nothing special, just this » replied Gabrielle while placing her hands near Ja’Lana’s ears and focusing.

« NO! » The khajiit gasped, her eyes widening as, all of a sudden, her ears were being flooded...by the sound of running water.

It started slowly, like the dripping of a bottle but it was quickly growing, going from a dripping bottle to rain, to a small creek, to a river, to a waterfall, all the while Babette was pushing and rubbing her bladder.

Ja’Lana tried to hold it as long as she could but, eventually, she had to let go and the phial was quickly filled.

Babette grabbed the container and cheerfully handed it over to Gabriella who then poured the content onto Malina’s gloves that quickly absorbed the liquid, giving off a calm glow.

They untied her and helped her up then, everyone in the room looked at the goblin girl « Want to give it a shot, dear? » inquired Gabriella « You remember how to use it? » the goblin laughed « Of course I do, watch this...ahem.. » she raised her right hand and partially clenched her fingers in a fist « FILL » immediately Ja’Lana felt her bladder being filled to the brim

« And now, SWIRL! » Malina shacked her fist in a circular motion, causing her to feel like there was a raging ocean in her bladder and forcing her to fall to her knees. She tried to let it out, to just piss herself to avoid those feelings...but she couldn’t « HOW? What is wrong with her? Why can’t she PEE? » Malina showed that her left hand had her thumb and index connected, as if she was pinching something « It’s because I’m pinching your bladder shut, let me fix that » she opened her left hand while squeezing the air with her right one and shouting « PSSSSSSSSSSSSSH! ».

Ja’Lana felt like her bladder was being held in a vice and, in a matter of seconds, she peed all over the floor. This time it was different though, she felt drained of her strength, like some of her energy went out of her bladder.

« See, now I was going easy on you, if I wanted I could make you pass out from pissing yourself, so don’t try me. »

Babette approached the panting khajiit and whispered to her ear

« Welcome to the family »

To be continued

*002*2020-11-28 13:24

{{22 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This story is getting so good

}}

Thanks i have some ideas for the third chapter, but i can't say for sure when it will be completed. i can assure you that will contain way more omorashi than the previous stories :3

