STP

Author: secretomoact

*016*2022-02-11 18:05

(Warning for transphobia and bullying.)

Avery couldn’t believe that his school had authorized a literal kissing booth at their annual carnival. His school, where he’d once been yelled at for violating the ‘public displays of affection’ rule after holding Lydia’s wrist to help her keep a compass steady in art class, had allowed an actual, honest to God kissing booth.

He also couldn’t believe that he’d been tasked with collecting the money people paid for admission. He felt so awkward watching his classmates exchange meaningless kisses with each other like that. Avery had never been kissed before himself. Sometimes he felt bad about that. At his age, he thought he really should have had his first kiss by now, and occasionally he worried there must have been something wrong with him since it hadn’t happened yet. But, he didn’t think he’d spend money to find out what a kiss felt like. He was pretty sure that if he ‘bought’ a kiss here, whatever he ended up feeling wouldn’t be what he was looking for. The three girls and one guy at the booth were all people he barely knew.

Avery also could not believe how late Liam Tracy was. Liam was supposed to have shown up over two hours ago to take over Avery’s position so he could have a break. A very, very badly needed break. Because, above all else, Avery definitely couldn’t believe how full his bladder was right now. His legs had been tied in a double-crossed knot for the last thirty minutes and he was jiggling around so much he was probably producing enough nervous energy to power a small town.

The exact placement of the kissing booth had made Avery’s situation a lot worse. It was directly next to a booth that housed a game where players aimed squirt guns and tried to fill up water balloons faster than one another. And, Avery had learned that that booth was very popular. He hadn’t been able to escape the sound of gushing, spraying, drizzling water for longer than two minutes all day.

And then, right across from the kissing booth, was one of the school’s buildings. The door to the men’s room was clearly visible from Avery’s position and for hours he’d been forced to stand there, getting fuller and fuller, listening to running water, and watching other guys go in and out of that bathroom to do the thing he was absolutely DYING to do.

Avery was pretty sure this must have been what Purgatory was like.

He tapped his foot, uncrossed his legs, crossed them back the other way… Ohh, where the Hell was Liam? Knowing Liam— which, unfortunately Avery did a little too well— he had probably just ditched altogether and wasn’t going to show up at all. Hell, considering how intent he always was on making sure Avery knew how much he hated him, maybe Liam had even predicted that Avery would end up needing to take a leak extremely badly and wanted to prolong his agony as much as possible.

Because, if there was one thing Avery was feeling now, it was definitely agony. He’d actually never felt anything like this before in his life. He’d had to use the restroom super urgently loads of times, sure, but he’d never had it reach such a height before. The pain was moving up his sides now, all of his nerve-endings screaming from the unbearable need to just let everything flow.

He didn’t realize a line had formed for the booth until someone tapped his shoulder, prompting him to jump and let loose a squirt of pee into his boxers. “Ah—!” he gasped.

“Dude,” the guy said, staring at him and waving a dollar bill in his face. “Are you okay? You look like you’re about to throw up.”

Avery had to pee so badly he actually FELT like he might throw up. ‘No!’ he wanted to cry. ‘I’m NOT okay! I need the bathroom RIGHT NOW!’ But, he held his tongue along with his bladder and just started accepting payment from everyone that was waiting in line. It was hard to count the bills when he couldn’t keep a single thought in his head for longer than a millisecond. And, he noticed more than a few people giving him strange looks as he found himself totally unable to stop performing his pee dance.

‘I can’t take it anymore,’ Avery thought, feeling more trickles and gushes spurting between his thighs. His pupils were bouncing around in all directions, a look of pure panic on his face. All he could see was the line of people, and the jets of water spraying from the guns in the booth next to his, and the restrooms that were so, SO close but that he wasn’t allowed to go into! And… And the grass at his feet! Ohh, it would feel so good to just turn around, unzip and let it out! He was gripped by the maddening fantasy of yanking his zip down and spraying a tidal wave of piss into the grass in full view of everyone. At least that would be better than peeing his pants!

But, he’d get into a world of trouble if he did that at a school function. He could even be expelled for it. He couldn’t… He couldn’t pee… But, he couldn’t hold it, either. It was coming out! His leaks and dribbles had failed to stop, and he wanted to tear his hair out!

“Do you have to take a leak or something?” the next guy in line asked.

Avery tried to laugh, but it came out more like an anguished cry, and his bladder spasmed so much that his next leak was forceful enough to be audible. “Y—Yes…” he said. “Um… Could you maybe take my place here while I—“

“Nope,” the guy said.

Avery wanted to beg him, but he moved on too fast for Avery to say anything else. But, he thought, getting someone to cover for him was a good idea. He shakily drew his phone from his pocket and sent a text to Lydia.

‘LYDIA. HELP. LIAM HASN’T SHOWN UP AND I NEED A BREAK SUPER BAD.’

He hoped she wouldn’t ask why he needed a break so much. He hoped she’d assume he was just tired, not that he was on the verge of pissing himself. Most of all though, he hoped she hurried!

As Avery waited for his friend to arrive, he continued taking money, he continued dancing, he continued fighting back tears along with the massive tide of pee he was containing. One of the teachers who had been involved in organizing the carnival came over after a few more minutes of Avery’s endless, urgent squirming. She asked him how things were going at the booth.

“TheBooth’sFineButTheNextGuyNeverShowedUpAndINeedToPeeReallyBad!” Avery rushed out all in one breath, his words slurring into one another. It was painful just to breathe now. The simple act of sucking air into his lungs was enough to squish the walls of his bladder and make him lose even more drops.

The teacher just looked at him. “Um, what?”

“My—My replacement. Liam Tracy. He was supposed to be here hours ago, but he never came, and I— I really, really can’t stand here anymore,” Avery said, curling over on himself and clawing his nails into his knees.

“Just give him a few more minutes,” the teacher said.

Avery did not HAVE a few more minutes, “I—I need to go to the restroom.”

“Just a couple more minutes.”

Lydia at last showed up. Avery cringed, letting go of his knees so he could try to pull his hat down to cover more of his face when he noticed Lydia staring at his pathetic display. He didn’t think it would ever get less embarrassing to have Lydia see him like this…

“Avery…” Lydia said. “Are you—“

“No, I’m not okay,” Avery whispered to her harshly. But, it wasn’t much a whisper. More of a gravelly hiss, and it came out much too loud. “I’m about to pee my pants.” Really, he’d already BEGUN to pee his pants, he just didn’t want to admit that to Lydia. He didn’t dare look down at his jeans to examine the wet patches he was sure had formed by now.

“Um,” Lydia looked to the teacher. “Could I take over for Avery while he uses the bathroom? He really, really has to go.”

Avery blushed at the emphasis she’d added in regards to the severity of his need, but hoped it would at least make it more likely he’d be granted a break.

“Okay,” the teacher said. “But, hurry back Avery.”

Avery’s bladder felt so full to bursting that he thought it would take him several minutes to finish peeing, but he nodded and started to rush off. Except, that wasn’t easy. Having been stood in the same place for so many hours, his legs weren’t really in the mood to break into a run like that. And, his bladder definitely wasn’t. His leaks picked up speed as he tried to run and after a few more steps, he was no longer running. He was walking with his legs crossed. Hobbling, more like it. He was dragging himself to the restroom door as fast as his bloated body would allow, but it was so hard, and he had to go so bad, and everything just… hurt so much. ‘Hold it,’ he begged his bladder. ‘Please, keep it in a few more minutes’.

He made it to the restroom door and placed his hand against it. He was going to pee soon, and it was going to feel so wonderful… Just as he was about to push against the door, it swung open, and there was Liam. Avery wanted to yell at him, demand to know where he’d been all this time, but Liam frightened him. Liam was so big, all muscle, and Avery already knew what he could use those muscles for, so he knew better than to provoke him.

“What do you think you’re doing?” Liam asked, blocking Avery’s entrance to the restroom he so badly needed.

Avery cringed and squirmed, he could see into the restroom now, could see the row of vacant urinals ready for his use. “I need to pee,” he managed to squeak out… Oh, God, why did his voice always have to go so high when he was scared?

“Did you miss the sign on the door?” Liam said.

‘Not this again…’ Avery thought. ‘Please, not now. Not when I need to go THIS bad…’ He felt his skin prickle and his bladder convulse as he remembered a previous encounter with Liam in one of the school toilets that had ended in a bloodied lip and a dislocated shoulder. “Yeah, I saw it.” He hadn’t ceased his needy wriggling even under Liam’s gaze. He hadn’t stopped dripping out little drops of pee, either.

“Then you know you don’t belong in there,” Liam said. “Go use the girls’.”

Uncle Brad had told Avery he needed to assert himself. He couldn’t let people treat him badly, he didn’t have to accept it. But, standing up for himself was frightening, especially when he knew the other person could easily knock him out with a single punch. “I—I’m not a girl…” Avery said. His heart was thudding so much in his ears, his bladder was searing. He was trying so, so hard not to cry.

“You sure sound like one,” Liam informed, not budging.

“Please, I just—“ Avery stopped himself. His voice was going so high from the fear and the urgent need to void himself… Liam was right, he did sound like a girl, how could he ever expect to be taken seriously? He was so stupid… ‘Stand up for yourself,’ he thought. ‘You just have to use the toilet. And that’s not harming anyone.’ He straightened his throat as best he could and said “I— I’ll pee on your shoes if you don’t move!” Where the Hell had THAT come from?!

Liam was clearly shocked by Avery’s words. Normally, Avery just went silent when Liam laid into him. Normally, Avery rolled over and took it. After getting over the initial shock of the moment, Liam was overcome by anger. How dare he? How freaking dare he? Liam was not about to be disrespected, especially not by the likes of Avery. His fist flew out to slam into Avery’s gut. “The fuck is wrong with you, freak?”

Avery doubled over in pain. This was one of the worst feelings he’d ever experienced. White hot agony instantly flared through his stomach, and he retched as he thought he was about to barf. His bladder crumpled in on itself like a ball of paper being crushed in someone’s hand. His urethra felt like it was on fire. In addition, waves of shame poured onto him. He’d tried to stand up for himself, he’d tried to be assertive, he really had tried, but it had gotten him nowhere… “Pl—Please,” Avery said. “I really, really have to go. Just let me use the bathroom, please?”

Liam just laughed. “Looks like it’s too late for that,” he said.

Avery suddenly became aware of a warm feeling seeping into his socks… And it went all the way up his legs and around his crotch. He was going. No more leaks. No more dribbles. No more spurts. This was a stream; A violent, torrential stream pouring away from his completely burst bladder. He was GOING. But, he was so full of piss that it still felt as though he was holding it. There was no relief, no drop in the pressure, just the sticky, wet heat and the knowledge that he was wetting his pants in public.

He barely reacted. Just stood there in shocked silence as his bladder continued unceremoniously dumping itself into his clothes without his permission. Liam kept laughing, and Avery was sure he was deliberately doing so as loudly as he could to make sure more people looked over and saw how Avery was having an accident. People were looking. They were staring. Avery tried to pull his hat down to shield himself, then ran off. He still hadn’t finished peeing, but he didn’t care. He couldn’t stay there anymore.

He eventually found himself crouched under one of the picnic tables, trying to hide. His bladder was finally empty, but there was no relief in that. In fact, he felt so horrifically sore in his center that he was in just as much pain now as he’d been when he was still holding it. Now that he was hidden away from everyone, he buried his face against his knees and let himself start crying.

His phone buzzed with a text from Lydia.

WHERE ARE YOU?

Avery replied to her that he was at the picnic tables and wasn’t planning to come back out until everyone else had gone home.

Lydia was there a few minutes later. “Avery?” she called, not seeing him right away.

Reluctantly, Avery dragged himself out from under the table. He felt so ashamed, so repulsive.

Lydia looked at his damp pants and tear streaked face. She said nothing. She could see panic flash across Avery’s face when she remained silent for so long, but she so wanted to make sure that her next words were the right ones. “It’s… Okay,” she said. “Take off your jacket and tie it around your waist, go home, try to forget about it. You just got stuck waiting for too long, this is Liam’s fault for—“

Avery interrupted her with a bitter laugh, “It sure is.”

“Yes, he should have showed up when he was supposed t—“

“I was going to… To make it,” Avery said softly, boiling hot embarrassment flowing through his veins as he put his jacket around himself. “But, Liam was there and he wouldn’t let me into the bathroom. I… I tried to stand up to him, and then he punched me really hard in the stomach, and I just—“ The tears returned.

Lydia held him and let him cry. “That’s horrible,” she said. “You should report him to the principal. He assaulted you.”

Avery shook his head back and forth against Lydia’s shoulder. The idea of telling the principal that someone had made him wet his pants… “I can’t…”

“Someone else took over the booth,” Lydia said, deciding not to push it. “I can walk you home if you want.”

Avery did want that. He felt so embarrassed walking next to her with his pants covered in urine, but somehow he thought he’d feel even worse if he was walking alone.

***

“He did what to you?” Uncle Brad snapped, dropping his fork and letting it clatter to the table.

Avery shrank back. He should have known not to bring it up, but Uncle Brad had caught him coming back up from the laundry room carrying just a single pair of pants and asked what had happened. Avery kept brushing it off all the way up until dinner when Uncle Brad demanded an answer.

Avery had been unable to think of an excuse and had been forced to admit that he’d had an accident. “But—But it wasn’t my fault!” He stammered, trying to assuage some of the embarrassment he felt. “I held it all day and then when I tried to use the bathroom, Liam wouldn’t let me and punched me real hard in the stomach, and I—“

And then Uncle Brad had interrupted him, expressing outrage. “This is ridiculous, your school can’t keep allowing these things.”

“It’s not a big deal,” Avery insisted softly. “It was my fault. When I saw Liam there I should have gone to a different bathroom, or just found a tree, or—“

“This is NOT your fault,” Uncle Brad said. He stared at Avery. His heart clenched. He had never seen anyone so determined to blame themselves and accept abuse. The fact that Brad knew his own brother was at least partially responsible for Avery’s non-existent self-esteem was absolutely gut-wrenching. “I’m calling the principal tomorrow.”

“No!” Avery begged. “Don’t!” Last time Uncle Brad had gone to the principal about Liam, Liam had just been suspended for a few days and when he came back he was worse to Avery than ever! “Please? Don’t do this to me!”

“I’M not doing anything to you!” Uncle Brad said. “This can’t be allowed to continue. This isn’t even the first time this boy has assaulted you just for trying to use the bathroom. Last time he dislocated your shoulder, this time he’s humiliated you. It has to stop. This boy is guilty of a hate crime.”

“It’s not THAT serious,” Avery said. “I’ll just… I’ll stay out of his way, and it will stop.”

“Avery…” Uncle Brad said, voice softening. “It IS serious, it’s VERY serious. You can’t spend your entire life hiding from people and letting them get away with hurting you. That’s no way to live. I spend a lot of money sending you to that school so you can have a good education, and the LEAST they could do is make sure you can use the toilet safely.”

“I CAN do that,” Avery said. “Most of the time… Just—“

“You should be able to do that ALL of the time,” Uncle Brad said. It hurt him so badly that Avery seemed to think the ability to relieve his bladder was something he had to earn and that others were allowed to take away from him.

When Avery first came to live with him, Brad had spent several days showing him all around the big city. Avery had grown up in a small town in the middle of nowhere, so life in New York City was going to be a big adjustment. Brad had loved how amazed and star-struck Avery looked as he explored the city and discovered new things. Brad had assumed all the shaking and squirming Avery did in the latter half of each day was just him shivering because he was unused to how cold Winters were in the Northern states.

It never occurred to Brad how Avery never asked for a toilet break, even though they’d be out from early in the morning until the sun began to go down. Brad didn’t notice how Avery never followed him into the bathroom when he stopped for a pee himself. Brad didn’t realize that Avery was so scared of public restrooms that he was forcing himself to hold it from sunrise to sunset every single day. Until one day, Avery was in tears because it hurt him so badly to pee and shortly after that, the doctor diagnosed him with a urinary tract infection.

Avery had broken down then, explained that he’d been holding it all the time and that he always needed to go really badly, but was too afraid to use public bathrooms. His uncle held him and asked why he’d never said anything.

“I didn’t want to bother you,” Avery had said. “I’ve already caused you trouble, making you buy food for me and take me places…”

“It’s not a bother at all,” Uncle Brad had told him. “I love you. I want to take care of you. Would you feel better if I went into the restroom with you?”

Avery had shrugged. “I don’t want to make people uncomfortable.”

What Avery really wanted to do was repeat one of the things he’d been told by the phony doctors at conversion therapy; “I don’t blame you any more than I would blame someone with Cancer. Society has fed your generation so many toxic ideas about gender, that it's only natural some of you would stray off the correct path. But that doesn't mean you aren't dangerous. It doesn't mean you shouldn't be dealt with. You are an affront to God, you invade spaces meant for actual men, and you poison society by your simple presence.” Avery wanted to recite that, and ask Uncle Brad if it was true. If he was invading someone else’s space and harming society when he peed in men’s restrooms. The first few times the ‘doctors’ had told him that, Avery had thought they were full of shit. But, when they kept saying it over and over and over… He’d started to believe there must have been truth to it.

But, Avery hadn’t been able to say any of that. He hadn’t been able to force his mouth to form the words that had been drilled into him over and over again. So, instead he’d just said “I can just hold it. It’s fine.”

“Avery, you CAN’T hold it all day every day,” Uncle Brad said. “You’re hurting yourself by doing this.” He’d then ruffled Avery’s hair. “I… I don’t understand everything that you’ve been through and everything that you ARE going through, but I love you. You’re just a person, Avery. And all people need to pee. Please, let me make that a little easier for you?”

Avery had eventually agreed that having someone he trusted in the room with him would help. But, going forward he was still reluctant about saying when he had to go. He now not only felt like he was harming people and invading their space by entering a restroom, but inconveniencing his uncle too by needing him to come with him.

Uncle Brad had ended up needing to pay a lot of attention to Avery for signs that he needed the toilet, like he would to a young kid. Crossed legs, anxious tugs at his hat, lingering a little too long whenever they passed a restroom… When Avery started to do these things, Brad would have to discreetly ask him if he needed to go. To his credit, Avery never denied it, instead he just seemed extremely relieved that he’d been asked and didn’t have to bring it up himself. But, he apologized profusely every time. “Yes! I need to go SO bad!” he’d say. “I’m so sorry. I’m really, really sorry. I didn’t mean to drink so much, and I tried to wait. I’m sorry. I promise I’ll drink less now. I’m sorry.”

No matter how many times Brad reassured him that it was okay and he didn’t mind at all, Avery’s frantic apologies and promises to stop being such a burden never ceased. And, once he’d brought Avery to the restroom, he couldn’t help but continue feeling concerned. The very first time, Avery had run to a stall like he was being chased by a swarm of angry hornets, and initially Brad thought he was trying to avoid being noticed by anyone, but then he’d seen the way Avery’s feet danced back and forth beneath the bottom of the door, and a few seconds later he heard Avery’s stream hiss violently and carry on for so, so long… He knew Avery wasn’t just getting scared and trying to get in and out as fast as possible; Avery was also still forcing himself to hold it in until it was hurting him.

So, Brad had changed his strategy. Every couple hours, he’d say “Avery, I’m gonna go use the restroom, do you have to go too?”

And, when he did this, Avery would simply nod and come with him. No apologizing. No assurances that he’d ‘do better’. And, he did it frequently enough that Avery didn’t suffer any desperation. Instead of running into a stall and unleashing a minute and a half long torrent, he’d be able to walk in calmly and his bladder would be empty in just thirty seconds. The problem was solved, but at the same time Brad worried that needing to be escorted to and from the restroom like a little kid was not going to help with Avery’s already terminally low self esteem.

A while later, Avery came home from a day out with his friend Lydia. He looked shaken up about something, so Brad asked what was wrong. Avery explained that he’d needed to pee very, very badly while he’d been out, and had been terrified to relieve himself without Brad there to protect him if something bad happened. Eventually though, Avery said he’d started to have an accident and had had no choice but to hurry to the restroom in order to avoid making a puddle. He explained how stressful it had been, that even though he’d been so desperate to pee that he was dripping in his pants, he’d had a little trouble relaxing enough to actually do it once he was on the toilet. He added how scared he’d been that someone was going to notice he was sitting down to pee and think that it was weird.

“Lots of men sit to pee sometimes,” Uncle Brad had told him. “Some prefer it.”

“I guess…” Avery said. “I just… Wish I didn’t HAVE to, you know? I want to have a choice like everyone else does. I know it’s dumb to care so much about this, but it makes me uncomfortable. It always has.” Avery could remember an incident that happened when he was much younger, where he’d tried to pee standing up at a movie theater and had gotten it all down his legs instead of into the toilet. He’d cried a lot that day and had felt so stupid, struggling to understand himself and why he had all of these weird thoughts and feelings that no one else seemed to have.

The day after that, Avery told Brad that he’d ordered something online so he could go standing up easily. “Just, if it gets delivered and I’m not here, don’t open it, okay? Because it looks like a… Well, you know. And I don’t think you really want to see it.”

Brad had noticed a marked improvement in Avery’s confidence since he’d gotten that item. He was willing to go into public bathrooms alone when the two of them were out now, at least. And Avery looked much more comfortable just in general a lot of the time. Obviously, it WAS helping him feel better and more at home in his body… But, Avery being able to pee how he wanted to, feeling somewhat less scared by public restrooms, and being more comfortable in his skin didn’t do anything to change Liam.

“I have to tell your principal,” Uncle Brad repeated. “You deserve to be able to… To pee when you have to go. That’s a basic human right.”

Avery nodded. Sometimes, against his will, he’d replay moments from his past in his mind. The voices and insults would come to him like crystal clear audio recordings, and then he’d feel like he didn’t deserve to be called a human, and so definitely didn’t deserve to have any basic human rights. It was hard to get rid of those thoughts when they’d embedded themselves so deeply into his skin. It wasn’t easy reminding himself that he counted as a person just as much as anyone else. The memories and the hurt were stuck to his brain now, like they’d been tattooed there.

Ms. Wren the guidance counsellor had told him that the last couple years of Avery’s life, the torment that followed him after he made the mistake of coming out to his parents, had left him traumatized. And this was the reason for his intrusive and upsetting thoughts, frequent nightmares, and hypersensitivity to the reactions of other people. “I’m not qualified to make a diagnosis,” she had said. “But, you are demonstrating a lot of very concerning thought patterns. I would really recommend you speak to someone else about the possibility that you may be dealing with PTSD. There are resources that can help you.”

Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Avery was positive he couldn’t really have that. PTSD was what happened to war veterans, not to regular people like him.

The next day, Uncle Brad called the principal of the school, and early in the morning Avery and Liam were both called to the office. Avery sat uncomfortably in his seat. He was uncomfortable for several reasons. One, he didn’t like being in the principal’s office even when he wasn’t in trouble. Two, he didn’t want to discuss this issue anymore and just wanted to forget about it and go back to staying out of Liam’s way. Three, Liam wouldn’t stop shooting him glares. And four, Avery had been just about to head to the restroom when his name was called over the intercom. He’d already been pretty eager to relieve himself as he’d walked towards the bathrooms, and now all the nervousness he was feeling was making him have to go a lot worse.

He felt a great deal of panic now, his legs crossed at the ankles and he jiggled them up and down. He knew Liam was going to be furious with him after this, and if they were both dismissed from the office at the same time, it was inevitable that Liam would follow him. And, even if Liam didn’t do anything to him right away, Avery knew he’d start something if he tried to run straight for the toilet like he wanted to.

Avery folded his arms across his chest and worried at his lip as he tried to look at anything but Liam. ‘Okay,’ he thought. ‘This sucks, but Liam isn’t in your next class. Just hold it until that one’s over and then you should be able to go without a problem.’

“Avery,” Principal Nelson began. “Calm down. You’re not in any trouble.”

Avery didn’t stop fidgeting, because his fear of the principal was only a small part of why he was so antsy.

“Liam,” Principal Nelson began. “I have been told that you assaulted Avery at the carnival, is this true?”

“No,” Liam said.

“Avery’s uncle says you punched him,” Principal Nelson said. “Why would he call me up first thing in the morning to lie?”

“I was defending myself,” Liam said.

Principal Nelson fell silent for a minute, looking between skinny Avery, just barely five feet tall and Liam, six and a half feet of muscle. “You were defending yourself,” he repeated.

“Not to get all politically incorrect,” Liam said. “But, you can’t force me to be okay with having a girl in the bathroom with me. Because, how I see it is like, I’m in there trying to piss, and then all the sudden she’s there staring at my junk.” He gestured to Avery. “She’s always doing that, it’s creepy.”

“I’ve never… I’ve never done that…” Avery said quietly. He uncrossed his legs and jiggled in his chair, fingernails digging harshly into the armrests. He should have just peed really fast before coming here. Principal Nelson wouldn’t have been angry if he was a couple minutes late, right? Especially if Avery told him he’d just been busy relieving himself. He wished once again that he wasn’t always so scared of upsetting people. He wished once again that he wasn’t always so convinced that people were going to be mad at him for simple things that, realistically, they wouldn’t even care the slightest bit about.

But, so many times, people really HAD gotten angry at Avery for things that shouldn’t have mattered. When he was little, they got mad because he cut his own hair short by himself, or refused to wear dresses, or always insisted on dressing as a boy for Halloween. Sometimes, people got extremely mad at him for things that they just made up inside their own heads. Like, when he came out at his old school and the principal THERE accused him of just wanting to watch the guys change before gym. Or, when he told his parents and they said he was just doing this to punish them and that he’d been corrupted by ‘Satanists’ on the Internet. Or, right now, when Liam was pretending he had any sort of interest in watching him in the bathroom.

So, when Avery thought about it that way, it wasn’t so strange he was afraid of making people angry at him, because they often were, and for reasons that didn’t make much sense. His heart hadn’t stopped thrumming since Liam had made his accusation, Avery was scared now that Principal Nelson was going to believe him, he was going to believe Avery was a deviant pervert and that all of this was just an elaborate ruse to look at Liam’s junk. None of it would have any logic behind it, of course, but that hadn’t stopped people before.

Principal Nelson would believe Liam and say Avery can’t go into the restrooms anymore. He tensed his thighs together at the thought, his need to pee taking center stage in his mind again. His legs coiled back around each other, his hands anxiously fluttering around his waist. “I really haven’t done that,” he emphasized. “I don’t know why he’d… Both the times I’ve been in the bathroom at the same time as him, he’s just hit me and stuff…”

“I know that you’ve never done that,” Principal Nelson said, taking Avery by surprise. At his old school, the people in charge never took his side. Even if they’d stood right there and watched as someone beat him, they still told Avery he’d provoked it and that it was his own fault.

Feeling that the principal here had his back made Avery feel a little more relaxed. Some of the tension began to ease away from his body… Maybe a little too much, though, because a second after the tightness knotting his back and shoulders went away, he felt a harsh weight against the exit of his bladder; Pee right at the very edge of coming out. He gripped onto his bouncing knees and squeezed his eyes shut. His thighs rubbed together, trying to keep the leak at bay. But, none of it was enough, a rush of heat bloomed between his legs as a tiny jet of urine squirted out.

Finally, the spasm passed with no more leaks following the first. But, now that he’d let a teeny portion of the burden out, his urethra was burning with the need to release the rest of it. Principal Nelson was talking to Liam now; “Liam. You have been targeting Avery for months, singling him out specifically because he’s trans. I know for a fact that all he wanted to do that day was use the restroom just like anyone else, which he has the right to do…”

Avery tried to tune him out. He was grateful that Nelson was defending him like this, but listening to someone talk about how he deserved to be allowed to pee while he was fighting so hard not to pee in his pants wasn’t easy. Principal Nelson was well known around school for his tendency to ramble on and on and on. Whenever he came on stage in the auditorium, everyone groaned because they knew they were going to be stuck for at least another half hour.

Avery looked all around the room, trying to occupy his mind with something other than the constant, painful throbbing taking place inside his bladder. There were posters in Principal Nelson’s office… Some of those motivational ones that Avery only really ever saw in internet memes.

The one behind the desk was of a huge waterfall that Avery could practically hear roaring. Even though it was just a photograph and didn’t move, Avery’s brain was playing tricks on him and making it seem as though the liquid was really pouring down and crashing against itself. His legs scissored themselves back and forth frantically as he imagined that his stream striking the urinal was probably going to look a lot like that waterfall.

Below the photo of the waterfall was bold text reading ‘ENDURANCE’, and then some smaller text below it that Avery couldn’t quite see… Avery was certainly having his endurance tested right now…

“She’s not supposed to be in there,” Liam was saying. “There are biological reasons for having separate bathrooms. If she can’t use a urinal, then she doesn’t belong in the men’s bathroom.”

Avery chewed on his lip even more, beginning to taste the metallic tang of his blood. He didn’t understand why that mattered to Liam at all. Being able to pee in a urinal mattered to Avery because doing so made him feel more comfortable in his body. But that was the thing; It was HIS body, not Liam’s. So, why did HE care how Avery relieved himself?

But, additionally, Avery felt like snapping at Liam that he actually COULD use a urinal, and he’d be MORE than happy to prove that to him right now. He did end up blurting the first part out, but managed to stop himself before offering to relieve his bladder in front of Liam. “I— Actually, I can do that…” He said, his voice getting softer and softer. He wasn’t only having a hard time talking because Liam was intimidating and was saying things that deeply hurt. He was also having a hard time talking because he swore he could feel his bladder swelling so much it was almost touching the back of his throat now. He seriously felt like he was going to vomit, and he wasn’t sure if the nerves or the desperation were more to blame for the sudden nausea.

“Prove it,” Liam said.

Avery was so dizzy and out of his mind with the need to empty himself out that his piss-addled brain instantly seized on this as an opportunity for relief and he got to his feet without even really realizing what he was doing.

“That will not be necessary,” Principal Nelson interrupted. “Liam, I would really like to believe the students at this school possess a lot more maturity than what you’re showing to me now. How and where Avery urinates is no business of yours…”

Principal Nelson kept talking and Avery found himself unable to sit back down in his chair. He’d started to rock back and forth on his feet and it was helping a great deal with his need. If he sat back down, he wouldn’t be able to do that anymore and he was now convinced that if he stopped his desperate, urgent hopping even for a second his bladder would crack wide open and piss would spray everywhere. He tipped his head back and stared up at the ceiling. He stood up straight to try giving his bladder more room, then doubled over as it cramped inside of him.

As Principal Nelson carried on and Liam kept arguing, Avery could no longer hear them. All he could hear was the rush of blood in his ears as alarm bells rang up and down his entire body. He felt so frantic and out of control, and he wasn’t even sure when it had started, but he was leaking little spurts of pee every few seconds.

“…a one week suspension, and a ban on after school functions. And you’re lucky that’s all you’re getting,” Principal Nelson was saying. “One more incident like this, and we’ll have to take more drastic measures.” He dismissed Liam. Once Liam had left, Nelson turned to Avery and his expression softened. “I’m very sorry that— Oh, please sit back down. No need to be so nervous.”

Avery kept jiggling in his spot, his hips twisting. Now that Liam was gone he felt slightly more comfortable admitting to his need… But, not comfortable enough. Nelson was still the principal, and the thought of telling the principal he was about to wet his pants embarrassed him to no end. “I— Um… I—“

“Are you alright, Avery?”

Avery was very far from alright. A lot of the things Liam had said, the constant misuse of pronouns, the idiotic accusations… They had cut him deeply, and he knew that once his bladder was no longer attempting to violently claw its way through his abdomen, the memories of everything Liam had said about him today were going to really start to sting. “I… I…”

“Don’t let him get to you,” Nelson said. “I know a lot of people have hurt you, Avery. But, there are better ones out there, you just need to find them.”

A long, long spurt of pee rolled down Avery’s leg. “Nnnhhh…” He’d been trying his best to find those ‘better’ people, but it seemed that for every person who was good to him, like Uncle Brad or Lydia or Principal Nelson, there were five more who were cruel.

“Don’t cry,” Nelson said. “Try not to cry.”

Avery blinked his eyes a few times, but didn’t feel tears. He may have been leaking a lot of liquid right now, but not from his eyes. “I’m… Not…I just—“

“You’re shaking,” Nelson said. “Do you need a few minutes? Take as much time as you need. If you need to talk to me about anything right now—“

“I— I need to go to the restroom,” Avery blurted out in a panic as yet another leak began to drizzle out of him. “Really bad.”

“… Oh,” Nelson said. “I… Apologize. Were you called here before you could go?“

“…Yes,” Avery admitted, feeling himself start to blush all over. He really hadn’t meant to tell Nelson what he needed, but that last uncontainable spurt had just caused his mouth to work on its own.

“I’m sorry,” Nelson reiterated, opening a drawer in his desk. “That must have made all that talk even harder for you… I didn’t realize… I thought you were just nervous and upset, otherwise I would have—“

“It’s an emergency,” Avery said, before clenching his jaw. Interrupting the principal was surely not something he should ever do! He just… Really couldn’t control his mouth when he needed the toilet this badly, could he? “Sorry,” he squeaked. He wished Nelson would finish talking to him so he could try to get to a bathroom before he completely lost it. Where was the closest one? He’d have to walk down two corridors… Oh, he hoped he could make that!

“I understand,” Principal Nelson said. He retrieved something from the desk drawer. “When I was in school, I was called to the office once because someone had thrown a rock at one of the windows of the cafeteria. I hadn’t done it, but the lunch workers said they saw someone in a red jacket do it, and that’s what I had on that day, so they had to talk to me. The principal of my school had an awful habit of rambling and carrying on, and after a while I had the most atrocious need for the bathroom…”

Avery tried his hardest not to listen and to somehow will Nelson into finishing his speech and telling him he could finally leave. After a few more minutes, a ferocious bolt of need pummeled into his bladder, hands-down the worst spasm he’d ever felt in his life, and what came out then wasn’t a leak, but a stream. It lasted for several seconds and when Avery managed to clamp it off he exclaimed “I’m wetting myself!!” unable to hold back the panicked admission any more than he could hold back his urine. He didn’t even have the energy left to feel embarrassed by what he’d said, or worried because he’d interrupted the principal again. There was absolutely nothing in his brain apart from the monotonous agonized litany of ‘I NEED TO PEE! I NEED TO PEE! I NEED TO PEE!’

“Oh!” Nelson said. “Sorry…” He then stepped out from around his desk, holding the object he’d taken from the drawer which Avery now recognized as a key. Nelson reached the door in the corner of the room which Avery thought was a supply closet.

‘Oh, God, if he wants me to help him carry something…’ Avery thought with dread.

But, when Nelson opened the door, instead of an assortment of junk, Avery saw a sink and a toilet.

“Feel free t—“

Avery rushed into the room, hand already at his zip. He quickly shut the door behind himself as he tugged his zipper down noisily. He was grateful he’d been convinced this was a supply closet all through that meeting. If he’d been forced to endure it while knowing a toilet was THIS close to him he would have burst for sure.

Avery was peeing violently before he could aim, his stream spattering the rim of the bowl before he corrected it. Pee loudly slammed into the water as it exploded from Avery’s body. “Haaahhh…. Haahhhh….” Avery struggled to catch his breath. He hadn’t realized how choppy and short his breathing had gotten while he’d still been holding on, and now he felt a tad light-headed. He tried to stop sighing and moaning so much, mindful that the principal of his school could probably hear every sound that fell from his lips, as well as the incredibly forceful hiss of his stream. But, Avery couldn’t stop vocalizing his relief. “Haaaahhhh…. That’s so good…”

As his stream carried on and the release began to feel slightly less amazing, Avery felt tears actually form in the corners of his eyes. He wondered how many people looked at him and thought the exact same things Liam did, but just didn’t say them. How many other people thought he was a joke, or a deviant, or just a girl playing pretend… He only looked like a guy because he flattened his curves away with special undergarments. He only sounded like a guy some of the time if he tried really hard not to let his voice squeak. He only peed like a guy because he’d bought a funnel device off of the internet. Underneath all of that, he was just a stupid girl dressing up, wasn’t he?

Avery’s pee finally stopped flowing and he was at last empty, he shook himself off and zipped up. When he washed his hands off he flung some water into his face as well, trying to cover up the tears. After he’d left the bathroom, he apologized to Nelson for interrupting so much and then kind of slamming the door in his face when he was in such a rush to get to the toilet. Nelson said it was okay, and that if Avery ever had problems with a bully keeping him using the school toilets, he could go straight to the office and use the toilet there, and Nelson would handle the situation.

It should have made Avery feel better, but it didn’t. He wished he didn’t need the principal to promise he could use the office toilet whenever he had to go, it just reminded him that he wasn’t like everyone else.

His bladder was so sore that, for the rest of the day, Avery ended up needing to pee between every class. He felt scared using the men’s rooms and almost just walked back to the office each time to take Nelson up on the offer. But, he reminded himself that Liam was suspended and he didn’t have to worry about him, and he kept going to the men’s room at the old end of the school that hardly anyone ever used. The long walk made him late a couple times, but he didn’t have it in him to care. Having to listen to someone go on and on about how much they hated him and everything that he was all while his body forced him to withstand intense physical pain had sapped away all of Avery’s energy.

After school, he walked with Lydia to the subway station. “What’s with you?” Lydia asked. “You’re so quiet.”

Avery recounted his adventure in the principal’s office, he didn’t even bother to leave out the detail that he’d been on the verge of pissing his pants the entire time, he just had to tell someone how it— how ALL of it— had made him feel.

“But, you’re NOT a girl playing dress up,” Lydia said. “You’re more of a man than Liam is, that’s for sure.”

Avery snorted. What a ridiculous thing to say. Liam was tough. He was covered in muscles. He must have needed to shave three times a week. His voice was gruff and deep. He was tall and at least half the girls in school had a crush on him. He was everything a man was supposed to be and everything Avery wasn’t.

“It’s true,” Lydia said. “A real man doesn’t pick on someone half their size like a coward. Real men fight for important things instead, like you do.”

“I don’t do that,” Avery said. “I don’t fight. I just let things happen.”

“You do fight,” Lydia insisted. “You wouldn’t be who you are today if you hadn’t fought at least a little. Maybe it’s hard for you to do it, but that just means that when you do, you’re extra tough. Or at least, that’s what I think.”

Avery leaned in and hugged her. It was awkward, but Lydia was happy to see he was feeling better.

“And, don’t ever say you’re just a girl playing pretend,” Lydia whispered. “You and I both know that’s not true.” Avery’s grip on her became tighter for a moment.
