Ayesha & Rukhsana (Chapter One)

Author: Roleing579

*000*2023-03-29 11:20

Hey everyone, this is a collaborated attempt of @lonerwolf and me. The turnaround time was quick, so there might be a few errors in the draft. None the less, we hope you enjoy the read.

Chapter-01

Ayesha was nearing her mid-term examinations. The school she was studying in had given a few weeks off for the students to study. Studious, and determined to do well in her exams, Ayesha buried herself in preparations. Her mother Ameena was happy to see her daughter being so studious. And her father Aslam too shared the same emotion.

The family of three lived in Mumbai. The financial capital of India. Aslam was a senior manager at a reputed bank, and his wife Ameena was a homemaker. The three lived in one of the posh localities of Mumbai, and financially they did pretty well for themselves.

Things were going as usual. The day would begin with Ayesha waking up, and having some coffee, followed by breakfast and studies. Aslam would leave for work, and return only in the evening. Around 12:30, Ayesha would take a break, have a bath, finish her lunch and get back to her studies. Her mother would keep herself engaged by watching series on TV, cooking and catering to the normal chores at home. Evening, Ayesha would go out, spend some time with her friends, and would come home to continue her studies. Dinner would be had as a family, and everyone would head to bed.

It was mid week when Aslam returned home in the evening. Ayesha had just come back after meeting her friend Priya, and was in the room studying. The silence in the house was replaced with loud hushed voices.

Aslam: kya kar sakta hu yaar, management se khabar ayi hi. Jaana hi padega. Aur uss gaon mei kuch nahi hai, tu nahi ayegi tho mai kya khaunga waha pe.

(I really can't help it, the message is from the top management. I really cannot deny it and there is nothing in that remote village. If you won't come along what will I eat).

Ameena: par Ayesha ke exams aa rahe hai. Usse chodke mai kaise…

(But Ayesha has her exams, how can I leave her?).

Aslam: tu ek kaam kar, teri behen ko kuch din ke liye hamare ghar ane ko bol de. Ayesha aur uski bonding bhi achi hai.

(do one thing call your sister to stay at our house for a few days. Ayesha has a good bonding with her).

Ameena thinks for a few seconds and agrees. That night, during dinner, Aslam informs his daughter about the developments. While he tells her that, Ameena is on the phone with her sister.

Ameena: wahi na, sab kuch achanak ho gaya. Please re, kal aaja na ghar kuch dino ke liye. Ayesha ko akele chodke nahi jaa sakthi.

(I also don't get it, it happened all of a sudden. Please can you come over to stay here for a few days.)

Rukhsana: koi bath nahi didi, mai aa jaathi hu kal. Tum aur jiju aaram se nikal jana subah hi. Mai dopeher tak pahuch jaaungi. (don't worry sister I will come over. You and brother-in-law can leave in the morning. I will be there till afternoon.

Ameena: mai tumhe kaise shukriyaada karu malum nahi, thanks Ruksana. (I don't have words to express my gratitude, thanks Ruksana.)

She then hung up the phone. The next day, all of the preparations were being made as the couple was ready to move out.

Ameena: Beta maine khana bana diya hai, kha lena. Ruksana khala dopahar tak aa jeyengi, unhe zyada pareshan mat karna aur mann laga kar padhai karna. All the best. (I have made food for you, make sure you eat it. Ruksana khala will be here till afternoon, don't trouble her too much and study hard.)(Khala means mother's sister)

Ameena said that and kissed Ayesha's forehead.

Aslam also wished best of luck to his daughter and the couple sat in the taxi which was already waiting outside.

Ayesha, though alone at home, still knew her responsibility and started following her routine. She studied for a while, then ate her breakfast and resumed her studies. At 12:30 pm she went to have a shower. While bathing, she heard someone ring the doorbell. Ayesha quickly washed the soap off her body and went into the living room to check the CCTV feed. It was her beloved khala. She quickly tied a towel across her body and opened the door. Ayesha warmly greeted her khala by hugging her. Ruksana was surprised to see her niece in just a towel but she was not hesitant to shower love on her niece.

While they hugged, the threads of the Ayesha's towel were strangled in the designs on Ruksana's kurta and when Ayesha moved away, she was stripped off her towel and was standing naked in front of her khala. She immediately started to cover her boobs with one hand and her pussy with the other. She was embarrassed but could only scream and laugh at her situation. Ruksana was shocked for a moment but regained consciousness immediately. She gave the towel back to Ayesha trying to avoid looking at her naked niece covering her eyes. Ayesha grabbed the towel and wrapped it around again. They had a good laugh and forgot about it as if nothing happened.

Ayesha got dressed, she went back to studying in her room while Ruksana sat on the couch and watched TV, eventually dozing off. Ruksana woke up after a while, wiping the drool off her face. She checked her phone, it was already 6 pm. She went inside Ayesha's room to check what she was doing. She was as usual studying. Ruksana was very happy to see that.

Rukhsana: Beta tum bahut der se padh rahi ho ab thoda aaram kar lo tab tak mai khana bana deti hu. (Beta, you have been studying for quite long, take some rest while I make dinner for you.)

Ayesha nodded and went into the living room to watch TV. She watched her favorite show until dinner was ready. Both the ladies ate dinner together. Suddenly a loud thundering noise was heard by them which scared them a little bit. Ruksana went to the window to check what's going on. The sky had an overcast and the clouds scudded by, like huge smoky cotton balls. The weather soon became stormy. Thunder roared like lions and started a shower of heavy rainfall from the sky. The drops of the rain looked like tiny crystals. This bad weather led to a bad signal on the TV. Eventually they had to turn it off.

Rukhsana immediately went to connect her mobile to the charger because she knew that in such weather there might be fluctuations in electricity supply and a charged phone will come in handy.

Both of them went to Ayesha's bedroom and sat on the bed. They had some chit-chat about random things but were soon bored.

Ayesha: Khala bahut bore ho raha hai. Chalo kuch khelte hai. (Khala I am getting bored, let's play some games.)

Rukhsana: Batao kya khelna hai? (tell me what do you want to play?)

Ayesha thought for a few seconds and decided to play 'TRUTH OR DARE'.

They played a match of 'ROCK PAPER SCISSORS' to decide who would go first.

Rukhsana lost and decided to choose TRUTH.

Ayesha: Accha khala aap yeh batao aapko sabse zyada dar kis cheez se lagta hai? (Ok khala, tell me your biggest fear?)

Rukhsana: Choohe or injection se mujhe sabse zyada dar lagta hai. (I am scared of mice and needles.)

Now it was Ayesha's turn. She chose DARE.

Rukhsana: 5 minute tak mere pair dabao (Massage my legs for 5 minutes.)

She completed the dare. They continued to play the game. Eventually the TRUTH questions became more personal and DARES became more wild. Again it was Ruksana's turn. This time she chose DARE.

Ayesha: Aapko 2 mirchi khani hongi ek ko bhi bina thooke. (You will have to eat 2 chilies without spitting any of it.)

Rukhsana had no choice but to complete the dare. She went to the fridge to grab the chilies and a jug of water and a glass. She was scared to put the chilies in her mouth but she had to do it so place both the chilies in her mouth and started chewing them and tried to swallow them as soon as possible. Though she was able to do it, her mouth was one fire. Water ran down from her eyes while she was trying to chew and swallow every last bit of the chilies. She immediately started pouring water into the glass and then chugging it down her throat. She was able to calm down after drinking nearly half of the water in the jug.

Now Rukhsana was really pissed at Ayesha and wanted revenge. Ayesha chose DARE. Ruksana went to the fridge and came back with 2 bottles of coke and asked Ayesha to drink both the bottles in one go.

Ayesha was able to pull it off but her tongue was burning. She then let out multiple wild burps which made both of them giggle. All of a sudden the light goes off. There was zero visibility in the room. Both of the ladies were quite scared of darkness. Ruksana though scared, gathered some courage and started to move to grab her phone when scared Ayesha asked "khala aap kaha ja rahe ho?" (khala where are you going?) To which Rukhsana responded "apna phone lene ja rahi hu." (I am going to get my phone). Ruksana was able to reach her phone while banging herhead in the door and almost tripping over furniture in the process.

Rukhsana: Shit!

Ayesha: kya hua? (What happened)

Rukhsana: Maine phone toh charge mei lagaya tha par switch on karna bhool gayi. Ab phone ki battery bhi dead ho gayi hai. (I had connected the phone to the charger but forgot to turn on the switch. Now the battery is dead)

Rukhsana went towards the bedroom walking slowly to avoid banging into anything. They had no choice but to stay there until the light comes. They were terrified of the darkness and the lightning strikes outside.

Ayesha: Khala aap please yaha se kahi mat jana mujhe andhere se darr lagta hai. (Khala please don't go anywhere I am scared of the dark.)

Rukhsana: Chinta mat karo beta mai yahi hu. (Don't worry I am here only)

One hour passed like this and the liquid which they drank earlier had started to filter out of their kidneys and was being pumped into their bladders. They both had to pee. Probably Ayesha's situation was worse because of the caffeine in the soft drinks. Ayesha was becoming desperate at a faster pace. Both of the ladies started to fidget and squirm on the bed.

30 minutes passed like this and the pressure had become unbearable for both of them. Because of the darkness they had the liberty to hold their crotch. Ruksana knew that if she didn't make a dash for the toilet now she would end up peeing herself. As soon as she began to move towards the toilet Ayesha stopped her saying, "khala aap kaha ja rahe mujhe chhodd kar?" (khala where are you going to leave me alone?) Ruksana responded, "beta mai abhi do minute mei toilet ja kar aati hu." (beta I will be back in a couple of minutes after using the toilet.)

It seemed like every other sound was muted by the incessant downpour. Neither Ayesha nor Rukhsana were prepared for a power outage. Not knowing where the candles were and with a cellphone with no battery, they were forced to sit in the darkness. Ayesha was about to respond, and that’s when an earth shattering thunder exploded in the sky, with such intensity that the windows in the house vibrated mildly.

Ayesha: please, please, Khala abhi math jao na. Bohoth darr lag raha hai. (Please don’t go, I am terrified at the moment)

Rukhsana: thik hai, mai current ane thak yahi rukhthi hu. (Alright, I’ll wait here until the power comes back).

As the two sat in silence for sometime, Ayesha had quietly placed both hands between her legs. The tips of her fingers pressed against the fabric of her kurta, as she tried her best to stop herself from flooding her clothes with pee. She had her legs folded, and was now sitting on her feet. Her thighs constantly fidgeted, as she moved back and forth, in desperation.

Rukhsana on the other hand had crossed her legs firmly. Leaving Ayesha alone for a few minutes was not an option. Also, her desperation had now reached a point where she knew that it would be futile to even try making it to the bathroom. Remembering the empty glass that was beside the bed, Rukhsana had an idea. She thought, as it was dark, and neither she or Ayesha could see a thing, maybe she could actually pee into the empty container right there. The sound of rain was intense, due to which, the hiss from her stream would not be audible. Carefully, Rukhsana reached out to the side of the bed, as her hand roamed around, waiting to feel the surface of the glass.

Ayesha on the other hand felt the tips of her fingers warm up. The leak was beyond her control. A streak of pee blossomed into her blue cotton pantie, and had spread over the fabric of her light kameez (a trouser). She was now fighting a losing battle. Her bladder ached for a release, threatening Ayesha with spasms of intense desperation as time went by.

Rukhsana by now had managed to untie the nada (a thread kind of belt) of her salwar. Very carefully, without drawing too much attention from her movements, she had slipped the kameez along with her pantie down to her knees. Her trimmed pussy was now exposed, and Rukhsana knew there was no going back.

Both women did not speak much, as they were secretly finding ways to relieve the tension. While Rukhsana managed to position the glass between her legs just in time, Ayesha had lost the battle. Her sussu (pee) could no longer be contained, as she helplessly started to flood her kameez right on the bed. Her butt felt warm, as her sussu pooled between her thighs, wetting her garment entirely.

Rukhsana sighed quietly, as she sat at the edge of the bed, filling the glass with her sussu at an alarming rate. Neither had a clue of what was happening, as relief took over their bodies. Now that there was no point to hold back, Ayesha found it uncomfortable to be seated on her heels and pee. So without thinking much, she got into a squat right on her bed, and continued emptying her bladder. She knew and could feel the mattress soaking entirely, but there was absolutely nothing that she could do.

Rukhsana had filled half the tumbler and was still going strong. Even if it overflowed, she didn’t care. She could just say it’s water that was spilled and clean up the mess.

While both the ladies the ladies were in full flow, the room was filled with brightness of the tubelight. The power was restored. Both the ladies were clearly able to see each other squatting on the bed and relieving themselves but couldn't do anything to stop their sussu. They were completely clueless with their mouths wide open but not a single word was coming out of their throat. Their bladders were gushing out liquid like the walls of a broken dam. They began inspecting each other. Ruksana was surprised to see the puddle beneath her niece. She took in all the details of her sorry state. With how much she’d peed, the bottom of her Kameez ,which was covering her butt, and most of her salwar had become see-through, giving Ruksana a clear view of Ayesha's ass. Her white panties did little to hide anything.

On the other hand Ayesha watched the curves of her khala. Hot urine gushing out of her cleanly shaven pussy like a fountain. When they were done they still didn't had any words to explain themselves. Ruksana quickly wore her panties and salwar and both of them sat down facing in the opposite direction too embarrassed to make eye contact. Eventually Ayesha broke up the silence with her face as red as a plum due to shame, "khala mujhe bahut zor se sussu aayi thi lekin andhere mei toilet jane mei mujhe darr lag raha tha." (khala I wanted to pee badly but was too scared to go to the toilet in dark.). Though Ruksana was also scared but still she pretended "tune mujhe bhi jane se rok liya aur majboori mei mujhe yahi pe halka hona pada." (You didn't let me go either and with no choice I had to relieve myself here only.) Then both of them spoke in complete sync "iss baare mei kisi ko mat batana." (don't speak about it in front of anyone) and then started giggling.

Ayesha needed to change her wet clothes so she went into the other room. She grabbed her soiled salwar and peeled it off her wet body, revealing her smooth, glistening legs. She lifted the backside of her kameez and tucked it under her left arm. The plain white panties were soaked through and through and showed off her ass clearly. She peeled the panties off her wet ass and started drying herself with a towel. She changed into her night T-shirt and pajamas. Rukhsana also went to change into her night outfit.

Then they began inspecting the mattress. It was completely damp and was unusable until it dries off in the sunlight. So they had no choice but to sleep in Ayesha's parent's bedroom on the same bed.

