Alice in Wetting-Land - Page 3

Author: SomeGirl

*051*2017-08-19 14:07

I got back from vacation yesterday evening, so I should be posting more often for a while. I started this chapter a while ago, but I just finished my final run through. It may take a few days to find my stride with writing, but I'll post what I can Also, Sosie is not a misspelling, just a less common name. I hope you like it -SomeGirl

Ch. 48: The Incident with Nurse Sosie

Misty woke up covered in warm stickiness. She lay there disoriented for a moment trying to grasp the situation. The situation shifted into focus in layers. She was coated in warm fluid. But it must be sweat, because her bladder was still full. Very full. She dragged herself out of bed. Misty just couldn't make herself wake-up fully, but she was too desperate to wait any longer.

She started down the hall to the bathrooms at a wobbly brisk walk. She took 2 precious minutes to realize that she had taken a wrong turn in her sleepy state. She was wearing a pair of pink-striped pajama pants and a purple tank top, but had neglected to put on shoes. She reached the corner next to the bathroom, and steadied herself against the wall. She pressed her forehead to the cool wood-paneling, and used her hand to stall her bladder. Soon, the pain in her bladder overwhelmed her half-asleep dizziness, and she forced herself to walk around the corner. By now, she needed both hands to hold back the fluid inside her, and her pace had slowed greatly.

She knew she only had seconds left, by the time she entered the 2-stall lavatory. Her body wanted to stay still, but Misty forced herself to waddle into a stall. She reluctantly removed her hand as she entered, planning to pull her pants down. Unfortunately, when she saw the toilet, she felt warm water flood the cotton garment. Misty felt her legs bow under her as she realized why her thighs were being drenched. She couldn’t say how, but she was suddenly on the floor, cheek pressed against the wet tile.

Misty’s eyes fluttered open in a unfamiliar infirmary. She shifted into a sitting position against the pillows. She moved to stand, but was overwhelmed with dizziness. As she tumbled back against the pillow, she heard the infirmary door open. The nurse had apparently heard her stirring, and come to see her. “Hello dear. I’m Dr. Sosie. Do you know what happened?” Misty shook her head, she could vaguely remember walking through a hall, but nothing elts. “You are in the spa’s infirmary. A member of the housekeeping staff found you collapsed in the bathroom. You had a high fever, but it came down with medication. You should be back to normal in a day or two.” the doctor explained.

The doctor was a curvy raccoon-woman in her mid 30s, with blush-colored ears and a striped, bushy tail. Her doe-like brown eyes blinked behind glasses, and her guava-pink hair was pulled into a low bun. Despite her job title, she wore a short, pale pink nurse costume and red heels, showcasing her dramatic hourglass figure. She clicked over to Misty, extending a thermometer to the patient. Misty opened her mouth, inevitably noticing how Dr. Sosie’s bountiful cleavage spilled fourward, buttons straining to restrain them in her dress. The cleavage receded as she stood, clucking her tongue at the number on the tiny screen.

“You have a fairly high fever.” the doctor reported “But it should be better by tomorrow night. I have you on medication, just drink plenty of fluids.” Misty noticed a faint accent in the raccoon-womans voice.

“Ok. Are you from The Land of Clubs? You have a slight accent.” Misty wondered.

The question must have made the woman uncomfortable, because she shifted in place “Oh, yes dear. I have dual citizenship, so I’m in wonderland to help with a medical study at Wonderland U. I’m just filling in for a friend who's on maternity leave, until the official substitute arrives.” Her swaying had increased, and she was bouncing from foot to foot.

“Um.. Are you ok?” Misty asked the twisting woman.

Sosie tried to give a forced smile, but only managed a grimace. “Oh, not really. You see the bathroom in the infirmary is out of order, and I can’t leave until the shift ends…” Sosie came to a sudden halt, before clamping her thighs together and clasping her self in her hands. “I d-didn’t know the bathroom was out of order, so I was planning on going when I arrived. I come to work right after I wake up, so I haven’t peed since I went to bed. Probably about 14 hours now..” she stooped down and bit her lip with a pained expression.

“You can leave for a minute…” Misty muttered. She was trying to avoid the behaviors that had landed her in trouble, mainly orchestrating elaborate schemes to make others wet themselves. The doctor shook her head.

“I’d rather wet myself than break protocol, though I hope to avoid it.” Sosie huffed, holding herself with more force. Her grip was gathering more fabric as she continued to increase her grip. And there wasn’t a ton of material from the start. The top-half of her dress was pulled down, buttons straining to remain closed, and the short skirt was riding higher and higher along her wide hips. Her face reddened as it contorted into a pained wince. Sosie leaned forward to get a better grip, and grasped herself between the legs.

Misty watched, unsure what to do. Dr. Sosie put all the pressure she could muster on her opening, with unfortunate results. Her tiny dress was constricted past its limits, and the buttons finally gave out. Her was short skirt finally pushed above her waist in the same instant, just as her bladder muscles collapsed under their burden. Her briefs darkened with moisture, the blush-pink silk shading to salmon. As her upper body slumped in relief, the matching full-cup bra restrained the influx of bouncy flesh. The stream hissed as it escaped onto the hard floor of the infirmary, splashing against the linoleum. Her face relaxed into an expression of deliverance, eyes sliding shut, lips stretching into a tranquil smile.

“Mmmm. Ah.Haa..” Sosie moaned, thighs trembling as they were soaked by her long postponed relief. The warm pee was flowing into her hands, still in position on her crotch. The feeling of ecstasy grew as her bladder emptied further. Her legs were fully soaked, and she stood in a wide golden puddle. She couldn’t stop moaning as she finally felt the last drop come out. The distended walls of her bladder went slack, starting to return to their natural shape. She slowly came down, and awkwardly walked to the closet for some cleaning towels. Despite her mild embarrassment, she couldn't help but revel in how much better she felt after relieving herself.

Misty had spent the incident reflecting. Regardless of how erotic the show had been, she still felt less excited than she had with Alice. She couldn’t go back to how she was before she fell in love, not having seen the world through the lense of love. Misty sighed. She had to give a clear apology. When the nurse returned, she asked her to send for Alice. No point in avoiding the issue.

*055*2017-08-21 16:57

I'm really glad people are enjoying my story. I'm trying to fall back into stride, but I finished another chapter. I try to keep personal drama storylines short, with occasional breather chapters between, because I really find angst annoying. I'm planning out how to write 'looking glass', and was wondering if I should post it on this board, or a new topic. It probably doesn't matter. Thank you for reading-SomeGirl

Ch. 49: Communication and Desperation

The messenger couldn’t find Alice until the evening, when she came back from her spa treatments. Misty was feeling mostly recovered by the time she arrived, and mostly just felt tired. Alice had changed into grey yoga pants, a electric blue sports-bra, and a loose black tank top after her treatments, and removed the indoor slippers when she entered the room. Misty sat up in her bed, reading a magazine in candy-cane striped hospital pajamas. Alice walked over to the bed.

“Hey” Alice muttered, unsure how to act after their previous interaction.

“Oh, Alice. Hi.” Misty stammered “um, I really wanted to tell you that I’m sorry. I think I forgot to say that before…” she unconvincingly pretended to admire the magazine cover. Alice sighed and sat down.

“Well..I’m still upset, okay? But, well, I think I can forgive you over time.” Alice admitted. Turning to face Misty, she examined the expression on the cat-girls face. Misty was more startled than anything else, and was too confused to say anything.

“Look, I’m not going to let something like this go twice, but…” Alice sighed “My family held a 5th anniversary party for my sister Bella and her husband. When we were cleaning up, Bella told me she was confident that they would stay together, as long as they both worked on the relationship and communicate honestly.” Alice shrugged in embarrassment “I guess what I’m saying is I know you're sorry, and want to work on your issues. I’m not giving up on our relationship. At least not right now.”

Misty was blushing as she finally made eye contact. She was so relieved that Alice understood. She leaned forward to hug Alice. Misty was accepted, and the hug lingered. Gradually, Misty became aware something was...off.

Misty noticed her slight squirming before she realized why she felt so uncomfortable. Before Alice had entered, she had been holding, both out of boredom, and because she didn’t feel like walking to the hall bathroom. The princess had taken the doctor’s instructions to heart, and drank glass after glass of fluid. Right now, her bladder was stretched taut by about 40 oz of water and orange juice. Alice glanced at the 5 empty bottles in the bedside waist basket. She glanced at Misty as she stood up, the unspoken assessment passing between the girls.

Misty stiffly maneuvered herself out of bed, pulling herself up on the frame. As her feet touched the cold floor, she squeaked, a spurt of urine bursting out. She used her hands to push back against the impending dam break, and took a tiny step towards the door. Misty heard Alice follow behind her, as she tiptoed slowly towards the exit. Despite her hands, each step released a little more pee into her faded lavender panties. No matter how carefully she walked, every slight shift felt like battering ram against her swelling bladder. Each leak was worse than the last. A single drop to a dribble to a hard spraying each time a foot hit the floor. They were 4 steps from the door, when Misty jolted still. Several powerful bursts of pee forced their way out, visibly dampening her pajama pants. Misty just barely managed to stop herself from losing it completely. She knew it was futile as she took her last step.

As she had predicted, when her foot hit the cool linoleum tile, she pissed herself furiously. Misty’s mind went blank as the girls listened to the defining hiss echo around the room. Misty’s bladder contracted, eager to be fully empty. The urine raced out, sputtering and slapping against the floor. The striped pajama pants were already soaked, and pee was gushing out as strong as ever, and Misty wouldn’t be able to stop it if she tried. Her several hour hold had left her muscles too tired to hold back even a drop. The hissing pee lasted a full 2 minutes, before trickling for 15 seconds, and ending. Misty was standing in a huge yellow puddle, still hot from her body heat. She and Alice locked eyes, and laughed awkwardly, before retrieving some towels from the infirmary cabinets.

*058*2017-09-09 19:39

I've decided to start Through the Looking Glass, so this is the last chapter of Wetting-Land. I'm probably going to post Looking Glass on a separate topic, and I'm not sure how often I'll be able to update (school just started). I hope you enjoy it, and I'll post the new story when I can. -SomeGirl

Ch. 50. Through the Looking Glass pt.1

Alice stretched as she stepped out of the carriage, and onto the palace front lawn. She heard the rest of the group step onto the grass behind her, as a squire strode towards them from the palace doors. The group had just returned to the palace, after a long ride back from the spa. They waited for the squire to reach them.

“Pardon me, but the Queen has requested that you join her for a meeting.” he noticed the anxiety of Dina, who had no business with the notoriously intimidating queen. “Don’t worry, she only requires the others for the moment. You are free to do as you wish.”

Dina sighed in relief, giving Rosette a chaste kiss before retreating with the horses to the stables. Alice, Misty, Opal, Blanche, and Mary Ann were led to the room, glancing at each other in mutual confusion. The soon reached a discreet door, and were seated in a luxurious lounge.

The walls were covered in a textured rosy wallpaper, flecked with gold. They sat on velvety black chairs and couches, before dark cherry wood furniture. The dense carpet was deep red, patterned with a complex white pattern of interlocking heart-shapes. Delicate bronze sculptures and stained-glass lamps were arranged throughout. The walls were embellished with peculiar art, frame-shapes concealed under powder-pink brocade.

The confusion continued as they registered the other visitors in the room. Count Macha and Countess Mocha, Duchess Saffron, Celestin the oracle, and Professors Jade and Sage. She couldn’t guess what the Queen could possibly be planning, that would need such an eclectic group.

She felt Misty shift next to her on the couch. She looked over, and quickly realized her girlfriend's situation. Although Alice herself had to pee a little, Misty seemed to be far more desperate. She recrossed her legs every 3 minutes or so, and was biting her lip in discomfort. Alice caught her eye, and Misty chuckled nervously. “I thought I’d hold until we got back to the palace,” Misty winced “I didn’t expect to be called to a meeting..” the cat-girl explained as she started to rock on the cushion. Before Alice could respond, Queen Valentine arrived.

“Thank you for joining me tonight.” Valentine started “I’m sorry for the short notice, but we will all be traveling tonight.” she paused as the room gasped. “I have already made arrangements, and we leave immediately.” Valentin motioned to her attendant who started to remove the fabric from the artwork. “As some of you know, my brother was assassinated by the being known as WildCard.” Valentin sighed at the memorie “We have recently discovered the conditions required to destroy this murderer, and we must all work to fulfill these conditions.” she gestured to the now exposed mirrors hanging on the wall. “Each of you has a specific role to play.” she finished cryptically, motioning for everyone to stand in front of a mirror.

The group stood. Alice glanced back at Misty, just in time to see her bolt into the hall. Telling Mary Ann she would be right back, she followed her.

At this time of night, the hallways were empty, so she easily located Misty leaning against a wall, legs twisted together. Alice approached, unsure what to do. Alice was just a few feet away, when Misty turned around so she was facing away from the wall. Yanking down her underwear, Misty sunk down, bracing her back against the wall.

Alice watched as pee gushed out from Misty’s plaid miniskirt. Misty couldn’t help but shudder in relief, as a superabundance of urine finally lessened. The loud hiss faded as the princess drained her bladder onto the marble floor. By the time she felt herself winding down, the puddle had expanded far past her shoes. Pulling up her purple lace panties, Misty drew herself up on shaky legs. Wordlessly, she followed Alice to the bathroom, where Alice slipped into a stall, and she washed up at the sink.

Alice remarked that they hadn’t been gone that long, as the couple walked back to the lounge briskly. They slipped in quietly, only to find that all the occupants but Valentine and her attendants had left.

“Please stand befor a mirror, both of you.” the Queen demanded impatiently. Alice and Misty nervously complied. Alice stared at the perplexed face reflected back at her. “Step forward.” the queen ordered.

“What?” Alice asked, only to find the Queen had vanished. Turning to Misty, Alice barely glimpsed the fluffy striped tale slide into the mirror. Reaching forward, Alice felt her hand pass through the glass of her mirror like it was gauze. Entranced by the bizarre occurence, her body moved forward weil her mind grappled with the impossible phenomenon. The next thing Alice was aware of, she was standing in the lounge, now with her friends. Looking around she realized that something was off. The entire lounge had been reversed. The Queen cleared her throat.

“Welcome to Looking Glass Country.” Valentin proclaimed.

I'll create a topic board for Through the Looking Glass as soon as I finish the first few chapters.

