Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*014*2022-02-16 17:18

Alex had never gotten to see Santa at the mall as a child, and now he was way too old for that kind of thing. But, his younger sister Charity was just the perfect age for it, so he and Adam had decided to bring her to the mall today.

Alex loved Christmas. He always had. It was the only time of year that Papa loosened up. Normally, when Papa spoke of God, he emphasized the importance of obedience, the evils of sin, and what would await a person in Hell if they stepped one toe out of line. He painted horrific pictures with his words of all the ways Alex or his siblings would suffer for eternity if they didn’t follow the rules Papa set for them, and it took many years for Alex to realize that those ‘rules’ did not even come from God, but just from Papa. God had never actually said most of the things Papa liked to say He did.

But, during Christmastime, when Papa talked about God, he talked about the love He had for His creation, and about the birth of Jesus. Instead of feeling terrified and like he needed to carefully think about each and every move he made for fear of condemning himself to Hell, Alex felt warm and safe and like God was watching over him and guiding him. The caring God was the only one Alex spoke to now, not the vengeful, angry one his Papa had raised him to fear.

Now that he was away from Papa and only around people who loved him, Alex felt warm and cared for all the time. But, now that it was Christmastime, he was feeling those things even more. He and Adam had decorated their apartment, and Adam had lots of ornaments Alex had never seen, like snow frosted pickles and rock band logos. Normally, Adam said his family put a rubber chicken on top of the tree dressed as Santa, but Alex said that he wanted an angel. They compromised by giving the chicken a halo, which wasn’t quite what Alex had had in mind, but he couldn’t help but think it was funny.

What Alex didn’t like about Christmastime was the temperature. He’d always been more sensitive to cold than most, and even with his scarf and sweater on, he was shivering inside the mall. Adam noticed him trembling and immediately offered to buy him some hot chocolate. Charity perked up at the word chocolate, so Adam bought cups for all three of them.

Alex had tasted hot chocolate before, but not like this. This was a lot sweeter than any hot chocolate he’d ever had. And that made it better. His body started to heat up more with each gulp. “Mmm, thank you, Adam,” he said. He looked down at Charity. “What do you say?” he prompted.

“Thank you,” Charity repeated.

Adam ruffled her hair, “You’re welcome,” he said.

The three finished their cups quickly and Alex shivered again. Now that he didn’t have anything warm to sip on, the chill was coming back into his body. “Adam, may I have another?”

Adam nodded, “Of course, sweet thing.”

“Can I have more?” Charity asked.

Adam paused. He wasn’t sure if that was a good idea. Alex and Charity’s Mom might be mad if they dropped her off at home hopped up on sugar. Alex was old enough for a sugar rush not to be a big deal, and the poor thing was still shivering and needed some more help warming up! “No, one is enough,” he said.

Charity frowned, “How come Alex gets to have more?”

Adam had always hated it whenever one of his parents had told him “Because I said so,” growing up, so he tried to explain the reason. “Don’t want to make your Mom upset by giving you too many sweets,” he said.

Charity started to pout, so Adam reminded her she’d be seeing Santa soon and she brightened again. Alex smiled after Adam as he walked him walk off. He was impressed by how good Adam was with the little ones…

Once Alex had his second cup, they left the food court and started in the direction of the Santa display. Alex continually took sips from his drink, feeling the heat rise in his body. His shivering slowly eased away and he felt much, much better. When they got to the line for Santa, they found two problems; One, it was extremely long, and two, there was a sign saying that no beverages were allowed within it.

Alex had been hoping to savor his chocolate a little more, but with how long the line already was he didn’t want to waste time. So, he downed the rest of his drink in a few large gulps and tossed out the empty cup.

Half an hour later, Alex was beginning to have regrets.

When he’d been enjoying the hot chocolates and focusing on warming himself up, Alex had neglected to consider where those two big cups were eventually going to end up. They were still pretty far back in the line, and Alex needed the restroom. And he needed it bad.

He swayed from side to side, hoping his antsy motions would be written off as him just being bored of the line, but his body was urging him to move around a whole lot more than just that gentle rocking to and fro. His body wanted him to dance around, to cross his legs, to jump from one foot to the other. Mostly though, his body wanted him to leave this enormous line and go find a restroom so it could rid itself of all the urine that had accumulated inside of it.

But, he couldn’t do that. The crowds today were massive, and Alex knew there was no way he’d be able to find an empty bathroom. And, if he went into one with people in it, what if something bad happened like what had once happened to Adam? He knew he’d feel safe going to use the restroom if Adam was with him, but they couldn’t leave Charity on her own in line. And, he couldn’t force all three of them to leave just because he needed the toilet real bad.

Which left Alex with one option; Holding it.

He didn’t bother telling Adam what he needed to do, knowing that it would just make Adam worry. Alex tried peaking around the people ahead of them to figure out how much longer he was gonna need to wait, but he couldn’t even SEE Santa from where he was. He knew he was going to be stuck here a long, long time.

He tried to think of other things. This was his first Christmas with Adam! What should he get him as a gift? It had to be something big, something that showed how much he loved him and how thankful he was to him for sharing this new world with him. What did Adam want more than anything in the world?

Maybe an autograph from one of his favorite rock stars. Alex knew a lot of the musicians Adam liked best had died years ago though. Maybe he could still find an autograph for sale somewhere? Except, he knew it would be extra expensive if the person it had come from wasn’t alive anymore…

Oh, maybe Adam would like to have his own guitar, and lessons so he could make his own music? Yeah, that could work. He imagined the look on Adam’s face when he unwrapped it. They’d be snuggled together under the tree and Adam would take out the guitar and smile so wide, and then Alex would cuddle up closer to him and tell him he deserved it for being so cool and awesome. And Adam would hug him and snuggle him, and Alex would say “Hold on a second, Adam, I really need to use the bathroom,” and he’d stand up and hurry to the toilet and pee, and it would feel so, so good, and—

Alex shook his head, trying to clear it. His thighs clenched as his bladder throbbed at the fantasy. They’d moved forward a little bit. Just a little bit. A teeny, tiny bit. And Alex felt at least twice as desperate to go as he had before. ‘Oh, this is bad,’ he thought. If they kept moving at this pace, and his bladder kept filling at this rate, there was no way Alex was gonna make it to a urinal in time. The thought scared him. There were so many people here, all around him! He didn’t want to have an accident with such a huge audience!

‘No, no,’ he told himself. ‘Stop thinking like that. Just… Try and distract yourself again.’ It hadn’t worked out so well the first time, but maybe his next attempt at filling his mind with something that didn’t involve really, really wanting to urinate would go a little better. “Adam?” He whispered softly. He was doing more of a dance now, lifting first one foot and then the other, basically doing a very strange march in place.

“Hm?” Adam asked. He’d been looking at his phone, trying to entertain himself as he waited.

“Um…” Alex bit his lip. He hadn’t really known what he was going to say. He knew what he WANTED to say, which was “Adam, I need the bathroom really bad! Can we go?” But, he knew he COULDN’T say that. “Wha—What are you looking at?”

Adam showed Alex the game he’d been playing, and for a little bit this kept Alex’s mind off his bladder as they slowly inched forward in line. Alex barely noticed the way his hips were twisting, the way his feet were bouncing, the way his weight was shifting. He didn’t notice it at all until Charity spoke up.

“Alex has to tinkle,” Charity loudly announced with a giggle.

Alex hadn’t actually NEEDED all that hot chocolate anyway. Now that Charity had said THAT for everyone to hear, Alex felt warmer than he had all day! He covered his face and looked away, trying to stop his dancing but finding that he couldn’t. If he stopped moving for longer than a second, he could feel his pee trying to push itself out of his body. “Charity…” he said. “Don’t say stuff like that…”

“When you have to go potty, you’re supposed to go right away,” Charity recited something Alex had said to HER on many previous occasions. “Or else, you might have an accident.”

Alex grew even WARMER. “Charity, please…”

“Shush…” Adam said to her. He turned to Alex. “Um…” he whispered. “Do you…?” He hadn’t noticed Alex’s little dance before, assuming he was just getting cold again and shaking because of that… But, he HAD downed two HUGE cups of hot chocolate pretty quickly…

“Y—Yes,” Alex whispered back. “Really bad. But, I can wait,” he promised. “I don’t want to ruin this for her. She’s only gonna be this little for so long.”

“Ruin… Oh,” Adam said, realizing the same things Alex had realized earlier. Going into a crowded public men’s room alone was too scary for Alex, and they couldn’t leave Charity by herself, and— “Um… Once we’re done here, what are we gonna do?”

Alex stared at Adam in confusion. “Um… We’re gonna go to the restroom?” he said.

“We can’t leave Charity alone,” Adam said. “And, you don’t feel safe using public bathrooms alone…”

Alex figured out what Adam meant. Either Alex was going to have to work up the nerve to go in there by himself so Adam could stay with Charity, or they were going to have to bring Charity into the men’s room. Was that… Okay to do? It must have been, if a dad was out with his daughter and she was still little enough to need help in the bathroom, then that was probably what happened, right? Charity still needed help sometimes, so that meant she was young enough for it not to be a big deal.

How weird, Alex thought. Nobody cared when a really little girl was in the men’s room because they’d assume there was a good reason for it. But, Alex was a GUY that had to be scared to go into men’s rooms alone just in case someone thought he LOOKED too much like a girl and got angry with him. He didn’t think that was very fair. Why did people even care so much?

“We can take her with us, right?” Alex said, jumping in place before turning himself in a tiny, frantic circle. He really wanted to stop talking about this. Talking about the logistics of his upcoming pee break was making him more and more eager for it to come.

“Take me where?” Charity asked.

Alex cringed. He hoped SHE was okay with this. Just like him, Charity didn’t like to break rules. Even if those rules were things that only really existed in her head.

Adam knelt down next to her, “After we’re done here, Alex has to use the bathroom. But, he doesn’t like going by himself so I need to go with him. We don’t want to leave you alone, so we need to take you in too.”

“How come Alex can’t go by himself?” Charity asked. “I can do that! He’s bigger!”

She only actually managed to use the bathroom alone without making any kind of mess about half the time, but Alex didn’t say so.

“It’s… Scary to him,” Adam said. “It’s scary to me too. And to lots of other people. We feel safer if we are togeth—“

“Is it ‘cause of how he used to be my sister?” Charity asked, way, way too loudly.

Alex stiffened and went still for the first time since his urge had first presented itself. Did someone hear that? Did they know what it meant? Did it make them upset? Panic was building now, and along with it, the first leak spurted into Alex’s pants. He clenched his thighs to cut off the flow, but now he was frightened, and his bladder was so full, and he wanted to go home where it was safe and he could pee, and—

“Charity,” Adam said, voice firm. “Don’t say that.”

“Why—“

“Just don’t,” Adam repeated, lowering his voice. “I know you aren’t meaning to, but you are making Alex feel bad, so don’t say that. You can talk about that in private if Alex says it is okay, but not outside. Alex doesn’t like it. Some people wouldn’t understand, and sometimes they get angry when they don’t understand something.”

“Okay…” Charity said. “I’m sorry, Alex.”

“It’s… Alright,” Alex managed. The panic was beginning to flow out of him, but it was taking more and more effort to keep his pee from doing the same. He was hunched over now, unable to stand fully upright without feeling like he was going to lose it.

Adam rubbed his shoulder soothingly. “It’s okay, sweet thing. She doesn’t understand what she’s saying, she didn’t mean—“

“I need to go SO bad…” Alex interrupted miserably.

Adam kept rubbing him. “I know…” he said. They’d moved forward quite a bit, they were finally close to the front. “It shouldn’t be too much longer… If you want to… Try to do it on your own—“

Alex trembled more at the thought. After what Charity had said, he felt so on edge. He knew she hadn’t meant to shake him up so much and make him worry, she’d had no idea saying that would make him feel this way, but there was no way he was going to try and use a public toilet alone now… “No,” he said. “I can hold it…”

Adam continually stroked his arm, concern growing. He understood Alex’s fear better than anyone, but the poor thing was clearly having an emergency… He was worried Alex would end up not making it.

Eventually, they were next in line, and Alex’s bladder felt like it was splitting apart down the middle, drips and dribbles escaping him every minute or so. His teeth were clenched and he was leaning against Adam for support.

Charity ran forward to meet with Santa. Alex heard him asking her what she’d like for Christmas— Alex knew what HE wanted. He wanted a toilet to spontaneously materialize in front of him right now!

“I want a rabbit, like my big brother and his friend Adam have!” Charity said. Alex would have thought that was cute if he wasn’t so, so close to peeing his pants.

“Is that your brother over there?” Santa asked, pointing at Alex. “

“Uh huh,” Charity nodded happily.

“Does he like Christmas music a lot?” Santa asked. “He’s—“

“Nah, he just has to go potty REALLY bad!” Charity said. “That’s how come he’s dancing!”

Alex wished for the ground to open up and swallow him whole. He hadn’t even known this level of embarrassment was physically possible. He thought a person enduring this level of humiliation really ought to be hospitalized… Oh, and the hospital would give him one of those portable urine bottle things and he’d FLOOD it with so much pee that—

Ohhh, what was wrong with his brain today!?

Santa laughed, “Oh…” he said. “Well, I don’t want to keep him much longer then. Do you want your brother in the photo with you?”

‘Please, no,’ Alex thought. ‘I can NOT stay still for a photo…’

But, Charity nodded. So, Alex reluctantly headed up there with Adam squeezing his arm the whole way. Trying to smile for the camera was close to impossible and Alex could only barely manage a half-hearted grimace. Adam hurriedly paid for the photo and then he was leading Alex in the direction of the closest restrooms.

“Sweet thing,” Adam said. “It’s okay, you’re alright… Just keep walking. Just a little further.”

“Is Alex gonna tinkle in his pants?” Charity asked.

“Not if we all hurry!” Adam said.

Charity giggled and picked up her pace. They turned a corner, and found another huge line. Even bigger than the one for Santa, but this one was for the men’s room.

Alex teared up at the sight of it. “I’m not… I can’t… I can’t do it,” he said.

“Shh… Shhh… Shhh,” Adam said, rubbing more soothing patterns into Alex’s back. There was a zero percent chance of Alex making it through that line dry… “Okay, come on.”

“Adam, I’m gonna—“

“I know,” Adam said. “I’ll find you somewhere, just come with me.” He quickly led Alex and Charity out of the mall.

“I am going to explode…” Alex groaned miserably.

“Shhh…” Adam spun about on his feet… ‘Come on, come on, there’s gotta be something…’ he thought. ‘Anything, please,’ he felt almost as desperate as Alex must have!

A tiny crevice in the mall’s architecture, just wide enough for Alex to fit into… “Okay, found it,” Adam said. He was prepared to have to convince Alex that it was okay to hose down that wall, but as soon as he’d brought Alex to the tiny space and had stood himself at Alex’s back to block the view from anyone passing by, he heard Alex yanking down his zipper, a few seconds of frantic rustling, and then a very satisfying sounding hiss.

Adam let out a sigh of relief at the same second Alex did. “Ohhh…” Alex moaned, instantly growing lightheaded as all his suffering came to an abrupt and very pleasurable stop. A stream of crystal clear pee was spraying out, wetting the wall and darkening the material, and it felt so, so, so good… It was almost enough to make it all worth it… All that agony was kind of okay if it meant he’d get to feel this amazing at the end of it… He was shivering and shuddering, and it wasn’t because of the cold at all. “Thank you…” he murmured softly, barely loud enough to be heard over the torrential downpour of his stream. “Thank you, Adam… Thank you so much…”

“Heh, you’re welcome…” Adam said. “All better?”

“So… Much… Better…” Alex agreed.

Alex’s wits returned to him a bit more after he’d drained away enough of his burden, and he started to worry about where Charity was and if she’d wandered off. He didn’t have to stress about it though. She’d stayed close, and he realized as much when he heard her voice. “Neat! Alex is making a fountain!” she said.

“Ah! N—No. D—Don’t look…” Alex said, alarmed. His body shook with one final, massive shiver, and his stream finally came to a stop. He shook out his STP and zipped back up, wobbling backwards and against Adam.

Adam held him, “Done?” He asked. “You’re okay?”

“Yeah, I’m fine now,” Alex said. “Still really, really embarrassed,” he said. “But, I feel way better.”
