Bellona's New experience (Smite one-shot)

Author: StormrReaper

*000*2017-11-10 23:16

Okay Bellona is a Goddess of War and one of the few warrior types in Smite I can play decently. So I figured, why the hell not write a fiction involving the hot warrior. xD

Waking up in her soft bed, sheets of Egyptian silk and blankets of the finest wool in the Roman Empire. Bellona rolled over and looked towards the sky, the sunlight pulsing through her thin blinds. Removing the covers she yawned and stretched before standing up to go to the balcony. She looked over Constantinople The heart of her empire. The city that was dedicated to war, dedicated to her. Within the city's massive walls were legions of armed soldiers ready to defend or attack at her command.

*Knock knock knock* "My'lady are you proper" Said her servant through the door. "I have your attire for the day, you have a lot to do and so little time."

She ignored him, SHE was a goddess, SHE listened to no mortal, even Ares, in all his arrogance; would never dare to challenge her. "Let the emperor take care of it I'm taking the day off!" She replied sharply. "Yes, my'lady of course. I will inform Nero of your decision right away." He said with a hint of worry in his voice. Of all the rulers the gods agreed on to be emperor of the Roman Empire Nero was; by far the most insane and blood thirsty of them all. While Rome was being pillaged and burned to the ground he sat on his balcony and played a violin. "Fucking madman."She sighed to herself.

She knew the Romans didn't have the same savagery as the Germanic people did. They killed because they got pleasure from it. Romans killed as a sign of strength and loyalty to the crown.

She changed into her typical battle uniform and grabbed her magical blade, Sanguis(1), was the blade's name. A name fitting for it, for the blade is often covered in the blood of her enemies and it absorbed it. Growing more powerful with each slain opponent. She grabbed a yellow vial left by the servant. "Odd, I thought i requested a health potion for my sore back. Why is it yellow" She thought to herself. Shrugging it off and chugging the potion she took a seat on her balcony and watched the city. This was her pass time in times of peace. The mental training of observing every little detail the city had to offer.

*haha!* shrieked the trickster god as her appeared beside her.

"Loki? What are you doing here, you know Norse gods are not allowed in Roman Territory?" She asked. But the young god ignored her and sat beside her. pouring himself some tea, and sipping it slowly."My, sweet Bellona. Such fire in your spirit. An inferno of power and anger. Can't a man wander the mortal realm and enjoy the sights with his favorite Goddess of War?" He asked her with a mischievous smile.

Bellona felt her bladder beginning to fill up to the point of irritation, normally she would just go use the restroom. But, not with Loki here she couldn't trust him. Loki looked at her "Did I ever tell you about the time I had Thor put on a dress? He looked absolutely FABULOUS!!!" He said with a straight face. Bellona couldn't believe her eyes as he pulled out a photo of said event. She couldn't help but laugh at the sight. Noble Thor, in a scandalous dress. Odin had to be so proud of him!

While she laughed she felt a hot jet of urine shoot into her panties and she breathed in sharply, grabbing herself to stop the flood. Loki didn't seem to notice. He stood up leaning over the edge of the balcony he asked her. "Have you ever thought, what would happen if you dropped a coin from this height and hit someone? I've only been here for 10 minutes and I am already dying to know." He said with a devious look. "There is a coin in my dresser if u really wanna know" She said sharply. "My lovely goddess, I would never go through a woman's stuff... Could you get it" Loki said with a playful smile.

Bellona flashed a look of fear for a second. She wouldn't mind wetting herself in battle. But, right here. In front of Loki. The thought alone was enough to make her blush. She sighed and stood up slowly walking towards the dresser bending over to try to find the coin in the bottom self. Thats when her bladder gave way. The pressure caused from her bending over was too much and hot urine flowed freely into her panties.

"NO NO NOO!" She shrieked and Loki smiled as he watched her grab herself and close her legs, but it was futile the urine was staining her leather armor a darker color and pooling of the floor around her. Filling up her boot, soaking her crotch, her butt, and her hands. She pee'd for a solid minute straight, When she finished she looked up. Loki was gone.

(In the servants quarters)

"My boy, Loki said enthusiastically as he approached Bellona's servant. "L-Lord Loki, I d-did what you asked." He stammered. "Yes I know, Bellona put on quiet the erotic show, wetting herself like a child. I will for all eternity cherish this memory. Now as I promised." Loki handed the young boy a potion. This potion will cure your sisters blindness. Now go, give it to her. She will be so happy to see for the first time." Loki said with a bow before vanishing. "T-t-thank you... Lord Loki" The young servant whispered softly. He began to run home. prepared to give his sister the best gift her could possibly give her. The ability to see.

(1) Sanguis- blood in latin

