Jessica - Taking Care Of Business

Author: Stoke365

*000*2025-09-16 22:23

Taking Care Of Business

Character - Jessica 23

Today, our girl Jessica has got a frantic day of work ahead of her at the office…

STARTING BLADDER CAPACITY - 73%

TIME - 7:00AM

7:00AM, Jessica’s alarm breaks out into its usual tune of annoyance to her ears. She groggily turns over and slaps hit silent, before lifting herself upright. “Another thrilling Monday morning”, she hoists herself out of bed and begins to pick out her outfit of the day, but not before dealing with her aching morning bladder. The jump out of bed helped her half asleep mind notice it, she hobbles her way to the bathroom and lets it all out, just to say keeping her eyes open as her torrent of piss splashes into the toilet bowl. “Oh, much better” she groans in relief.

She heads back out to finish picking her clothes, she slides on her lucky red panties in preparation for some big meetings today, sliding over them her favourite black tights. Fastens her matching red bra before buttoning up her white shirt in the mirror, and smoothly slides up her short black skirt, resting nicely on her figure. She gives herself a quick wink of confidence in the mirror, setting herself up for a good day of business.

Empty bladder, suited and booted, she grabs her handbag and 1 litre Stanley cup, filled with ice cold water, and heads out the door. Just down the street is her bus stop where she can catch the usual 7:45 bus to her office. She catches it with plenty time to spare, takes her favourite seat, and watches the world go by, taking plenty of sips from her cup to hydrate herself for a busy day. The bus journey takes half an hour and drops her off just at the end of her office’s road with a good 15 minutes to spare before she is due to start, and with a quick tap on the door, the receptionist lets her in.

”Morning Jess!” Sarah the lively young receptionist greets Jessica, with an amazing amount of energy that catches Jessica by surprise each day. “Ah morning Sarah, fine weather huh?” The most Jessica can converse right now is small talk, and the weather is usually her go to. She continues upstairs, and sets herself up at her desk. Bag down, cup down, laptop powered on, feeling almost ready. Her last step is to get to the kitchen for a strong black coffee. By 8:29 she is sat back down with her coffee, and all sorted. Let the working day commence.

BLADDER CAPACITY - 26%

TIME - 10:00AM

Her first hour or so consists of the mundane tasks. Checking her emails, checking her messages, sending emails, sending messages, and of course checking her schedule for the day.

First order of business was a product meeting at 10:30. Usually boring but still required her to be there and give her input. She printed out some sheets of notes she would bring, and prepared herself accordingly for any questions she might encounter. The meeting soon rolled around, Jessica glanced at the ladies toilets before entering the conference room before thinking to herself “nah, I’ll just go later, don’t want to be late”.

She takes a seat at the table, and sits while Mark the manager goes through the rundown. Lots of sales terms are thrown, business terms, Jessica takes in some of the important details, but finds herself lost out the window on occasion. The meeting takes an hour in total, Jessica just managing to stay alive throughout, and emerges with the same knowledge as when she went in, stats of green meaning good and red bad, that’s business. She struts out the meeting with positivity that it was over, grabbing another coffee before returning to her desk. Again she glances at the loo, but sees the clock near the door say 11:30. “Hmm, my lunch is in half an hour, I’ll just go then, I’ve got that PowerPoint slide to finish for that meeting at 1…”

BLADDER CAPACITY - 47%

TIME - 11:45AM

Jessica continues to type away, throwing images across the screen building nice big paragraphs of information on how her team have been doing. Being a team leader means she can’t just slack away at this, she’s got to show off her team if she wants to impress her boss at the performance review. She collates as much info as she can, creating a masterpiece. The clock keeps ticking, she cuts into her lunch, and at 12:15, disaster strikes. Suddenly the laptop goes black. “Shit, what have I pressed?” Jessica exclaims flustered. She hits the power button a few times to be met with a blue sad face. “Crashed! Are you joking me!” This was the last thing she needed. Hurrying she unplugs it and rushes to the IT room, sparing much detail.

”Hey guys, my laptops gone blue, and I really need it for this afternoon! Can you have a look?” She pleads like a deer in the headlights

”Aye I can have a look pass it here” James confidently takes a look and gets to work “Shouldn’t be too bad to fix, take a seat and I’ll be done soon”

Jessica feels the stress drift away, but begins to feel a twinge in her bladder, as a result of 2 coffees and a lot of water, but doesn’t want to leave James, wanting to know if the slideshow is saved or not as soon as she can.

BLADDER CAPACITY - 61%

TIME - 12:45PM

Jessica now 15 minutes from her meeting, eaten a small sandwich she bought from the van just outside, and a noticeable bladder, finally hears the words of joy

”All fixed, and this slideshow has opened up, I’m guessing you were working on it before it crashed, looks all there”

Jessica smiles ear to ear, “Thank you!” She cheers as she grabs her device and marches back to her desk. “Right, I’ve still got 10 minutes before I need to head to the meeting. Time for a much needed wee!” She gracefully glides over to the ladies room and pulls the door handle. Only for it to not move an inch. She drives pulling again, the door not allowing her entry, nor relief. Jess feels her heart sink a little. Sarah walks past her and notices her distress.

”Uhm Jessica? What are you doing?” Sarah questions as if her trying to open a door was some kind of grand mystery

”I’m trying to go for a wee, stupid doors jammed” Jessica snaps back, slightly worried

”Did you not get the email? It locked at 12:30, they sent an email out at 12 saying it would be shut this afternoon for maintenance. Much needed if you ask me, the sink is in a right state” Sarah gives a smile to Jessica as she walks away, blissfully unaware of Jessica’s feelings on said matter. Jessica frantically thinks of options, but ultimately reaches none. She ponders in her head, “no toilet? All afternoon? Damn I never read the email cause of me stupidly working too hard and then my laptop stupidly breaking. Oh god this is just what I need isn’t it.”. Jessica defeatedly walks back to her desk, and grabs her laptop and sets off to her meeting “well I’m just going to have to hold it aren’t I? I can do this, I can do this”. She enters the meeting, with a brave face and shakes hands with her boss, hiding every bit of her true feeling.

”Afternoon Mark, shall we begin?”

BLADDER CAPACITY - 74%

TIME - 2:00PM

Jessica and Mark walk out of what was surprisingly a good meeting, Mark seemed pleased with Jessica’s conduct and slides. “Very promising signs there Jess, that raise of yours may be closer than you think!” Marks parting words left Jessica at least some what relieved, though not the kind of relief she wished for right now “Well I might end the day with wet knickers, but a potential pay increase, silver linings Jess” she sarcastically said to herself. Jessica sat back in her seat and got comfy, she checked the clock. 2 hours before she finished.

”Well, this is gonna be a long afternoon”

She tried to take her mind off the situation with a bit of spreadsheet work, but even something as mundane was not enough to drive her mind. She felt herself rubbing her legs together under the desk her tights brushing together off one another. She slipped her heels off and was now twirling her feet around, any sort of motion to relief the pressure. Her leg bounced up and down, almost vibrating the desk, all of which gave some temporary help, but not enough to remove the pain entirely. Jess braced for what would be a fun afternoon.

BLADDER CAPACITY - 86%

TIME - 3:00PM

Jessica glanced over at the clock to see it strike 3, she felt a mixture of relief yet hesitance, knowing there was only an hour to go, yet still an hour…

She looked up at the ladies room, still no sign of it being reopened, and probably won’t be until later by the time she’s left. Jessica prayed to herself that it would, but deep down she knew she had no hope. “Just an hour to go now, I’m not going to wee myself” she mumbled confidently to herself. She continued to type away, hoping time would accelerate of she did so. Her heels still off, one leg now crossed over the other, applying as much pressure as she could onto her bladder to keep it all in. After much time of bouncing, the clock soon turned 3:30, she was almost free.

She was entirely focusing all her mind on control, until she felt a slight pat on her shoulder, “Yo Jess!” It was Mark

Jessica jumped from surprise, completely zoned out and was not expecting the encounter. As she lurched to the side with a gasp, she felt her bladder give way, a decent stream trickled its way out before she regained her strength. She could feel her panties had soaked up mist of the damage however, unsure if any touched her tights.

”Oh hi Mark!” Jessica bravely saved face, showing no signs of any discomfort.

”Just wanted to say I’ve put in that wage increase request, I think there’s high chance of approval! Keep your eyes open in your emails”

Jessica wish she heard that advice earlier about the bathroom email. As Mark wandered off, Jessica returned to her bouncing and movement. Bracing for another half hour of torture.

BLADDER CAPACITY - 93%

TIME - 4:00PM

Jessica watched the clock tick over to 4. It was go time. She slipped back on her heels and swiftly grabbed her handbag. She was off. As she stood up she turned back at her chair to see a small wet circle on her chair, enough to make her heart sink, she knew she was running out of time. Each step on the staircase was nearly dam breaker, trying her best to plant her foot quickly but smoothly to avoid any sudden jolts. She managed to dodge past any goodbyes for the day, and swiftly exited the building. She set off with pace down the road to the bus stop to catch the 4:05 bus home. She arrived moments before it arrived, couldn’t have timed it better. Stepping on and finding a quiet seat near the back to fight her battle in peace.

“30 minutes, then I’m home and I have a toilet and I can wee as much as I like.” She sat there biting her lip, her legs straight and close together as tight as they can be, riding out this storm. Jessica had never felt such determination.

BLADDER CAPACITY - 99%

TIME - 4:30PM

Jessica checked her surroundings. She was less than 5 minutes from home. But her strength was fading. As she sat there, she felt her bladder pushing its way out. The dam hadn’t burst, but the flow was gaining traction. Her panties by now were soaked, she knew that much. She placed a hand under her skirt to feel her tights, sure enough they were feeling quite damp.

”fuck, it’s really coming out” she clenched and clenched harder, she glanced at the chair to see it was starting to seep onto the seat, the bladder muscles giving way little by little.

As the bus reached Jessica’s street, she gave one last hold. She clutched her bag, and firmly pressed her legs together. She took one step by step. She was fighting the flow as much as she could. No drips were leaking onto the floor, but Jessica was beginning to piss herself. She could feel her stream contained within her tights, one stream down her left leg, the other down her right. It didn’t have the force to breach straight through her tights, instead it was pooling down the sides, and resting in her heels soaking her feet.

Jessica stepped off the bus, and saw her house down the road. With this in sight, she never walked as fast in her life. She couldn’t run, or the dam would burst. She speedwalked down the pavement, urine still trickling down her legs, her inner thighs drenched. As she approached her door, she fumbled with the keys, and barged the door open. She sprinted at this point to her bathroom ahead. Her bladder gave in.

She threw her bag down and lifted her skirt high, and plopped herself onto the toilet. The floodgates opened, and a torrent of piss came spraying out, shooting through her red panties, filtering its way through her tights into the bowl

”oh my god, I made it, kind of, I’m gonna have to throw these knickers and tights out, they’re ruined. But I made it, not really” she didn’t care anymore. She was peeing into a toilet. Just through her underwear and tights.

