Life of a angel

Author: superdeath2244

*000*2023-06-13 09:05

(waring this sires has peeing denim/ wet look/dunk tank porn/slime tank porn/anal sex and BDSM and a bit of diaper/age play/ femboy and crossdressing and slavery and peeing pants and a bit of pooping pants/and lastly denim porn) you have been warned 😉

In the future of mankind and in a other world where slavery is ok and in new York city and in a large fair on a a massive dock a man in a ring red and white ring leader outfit stand's on a wooden platform. ring leader: step right up step right up soak a femboy only 5 dolor's for a 5 ball's and 20 for a basket step right up dont be shy. a boy with short white hair and purple eye's wearing a small black crop top with daddy on it and a pair of black super stretch skinny jeans sit's on a dunking stool over a large tank of ice cold water with ice in it as the boy shakes. crystal: umm daddy?. ring leader: hush boy. angel: y-es sir. a women with long puffy orange hair and light brown skin wearing a black leather jacket and a white midrift tied down shirt with button's on it and a dark wash jean skirt walks over and lick's her lips as she walks over and puts down 20 buck's. dragon walks over and tosses her tenis ball into the air an smirk's as she move's her arm back then move's it forward as she tosses said ball. the ball sail's though the air hitting the side of the tarp which gave crystal a scare. crystal jumps a bit as he blushes a it snice he started pissing his skinny jeans a bit. dragon bites her lip a bit more and smirk's as she notice's the pee run down his leg then move's her arm back and then forward tossing the ball once more but this time hiting the target dead center. crystal scream's as the stool drop's him into the tank of ice cold water as he pisses his skinny jeans even soaking them so much the water turns a bit yellow. dragon laugh's and walks over to the ring leader. dragon: how much for pretty boy?. ring leader: 2 hundred dollor's please. dragon move's her arm to take her leather purse out and takes her wallet out and hand's two 100 dollor bill's as the ring leader takes them greedly and smirk's as he hand's over crystal. a few second later dragon walks down the dock holding crystal collar as crystal tug's along blushing snice he's soaking wet form both water and pee. dragon: ahh a new slave for me to play with and a cute one too. crystal nob's as he puts one hand in his side pocket as he walks over to a large limo as a man in a butler suit open's the door. the butler: lady dragon i see you bought a new slave. dragon: i did. she clime's in and pulls crystal in too. a few munites later on the road. crystal sits there soaking wet as he get's a boner seeing dragon panties as she dose her lipstick. dragon smirk's and pulls crystal over as she removes the old leather collar around crystal neck and puts on a new shock collar. dragon: now let's go over some ground rules one you will adress me as mommy secondly you may olny use the bathroom two time's a day and thirdly my word is law and if disobey me you will get punished. crystal: yes mommy. dragon: good boy now snice that's done mommy will pay for whatever you need clothes make up and such but you will be a good boy and listen. crystal nob's as he sits there soaking wet. a hour or so later in new York sits a massive tower for then rich and inside said tower sits dragon massive aparment which is nice and cozy. and unlike alot of people crystal has his own room and such. in crystal room. crystal takes off his clothes and put's a pair of what are called femboy panties(which are panties made for femboy's) and then a yellow tank top and then a pair of dark wash skinny jeans. crystal look's at himself in a mirror and smiles as he smack's his ass a bit. crystal: am going to like this alot. crystal sits there and put's on some red lipstick and some eyeliner and such then walks off with a smile on his face. he walks into a large liveing room where dragon is siting on a chair relaxing and watching the news. crystal walks over and bow's his head.

(wann see more leave a comment or a like or whatever. now i know i miss spelled alot of world's or did them wrong but please dont be harsh snice i have dyslexia and a bit of autism so i cant spell or do word's right but i did try so please injoy the story and such and if this get's alot of likes and such i'll do more so toon in for more adventure's with crystal the femboy and his mommy/mistress)

