Germaphobia

Author: secretomoact

*013*2022-02-10 17:51

If Emmett moved his hands, he was gonna pee his pants. No question about it. His hands, pressed firmly against his trembling pee-hole, were the only things preventing the gallons and gallons of liquid inside his body from spraying out in an uncontainable rush. The universe had shrank ages ago; All that existed anymore was his bladder and the urine contained within it. Minutes had become hours. Hours had become days.

He looked out the window of the bus, seeing that they still had not moved an inch. He was going on an overnight trip with his class. It was supposed to have been fun, but now they’d been caught in horrific traffic for hours, and Emmett’s kidneys had been pumping along the whole time.

He hated it. He’d been smart this time, he really had. He’d bitten the bullet and had one last pee before getting on the bus; He’d forced himself to use the gross school toilets even though it made him scared. But, even if he’d entered the bus as empty as he could be, he was now bursting within an inch of his life. Still, he was glad he’d used the restroom right before leaving. He shuddered to think how atrocious his bladder would be feeling right now if he hadn’t. He probably would have already peed himself, hands or no hands.

He was grateful that he had the window seat, Nova was beside him, so it wouldn’t be as easy for anyone to notice the position of his hands. Even if someone saw and commented, even if they made fun of him, he knew he’d still be unable to move them. A pang of need soared through his bloated body and he squeezed even harder, his thighs tightening around his hands. How was it even possible to need to pee this badly? Surely there had to be a limit to how much a person’s bladder could hurt, right? But, every few minutes, it was noticeably worse than before.

He hadn’t told Nova that he needed the restroom yet, but he doubted that she didn’t already know. He was the picture-perfect example of someone that was on the verge of wetting themselves. He was doubled over, holding himself, thighs clenching, legs pretzeled together. He wouldn’t be surprised if he even looked a little swollen around the edges.

Indeed, Nova could tell very easily what the issue was, “Once the traffic is clear,” she said. “I’ll go ask the teachers to stop somewhere for you.”

Emmett blushed all over. He bounced his legs, crossed his thighs, almost curled himself up into a ball. His hands were working overtime trying to pin his opening closed. “I—“

“I know, gas station toilets are… Difficult for you,” Nova added. “But, you’re hurting yourself, you need to…” she bit her tongue, certain that if she even said the word ‘pee’ at this point, Emmett would proceed to do exactly that all over the seat. “You’re just gonna have to make do with whatever they can find.”

Emmett hadn’t even been thinking about how nauseatingly grotesque the toilet the bus stopped at was likely to be. His heart pounded violently in his chest at the thought of the repulsive situation he was going to have to force himself into… But, then his heart pounded with even more fervor when he realized how incredibly unlikely it was that the bus would stop at all. Even if the traffic ever did move, he doubted if the teachers would agree to a stop so a single student could empty his bladder; Even if said student’s bladder was close to exploding.

Emmett was scared now. It really did feel like he was going to explode. He knew that that couldn’t actually happen, but he did know that there was something else that definitely could.

His bladder could rupture.

He knew that it could. If too much pressure built up in there, the organ could rupture.

Now that he’d thought about ruptured bladders, he couldn’t stop thinking about them.

This was something that happened to him often. He would think of a potential, awful outcome, and his brain would latch onto it, like a frog flinging its tongue out to capture a fly. His brain would refuse to let go of it, it would snuggle up to it like glue and before Emmett could even try to stop it, before he could try to diffuse and calm down, the thoughts would begin to fly.

He knew the symptoms of a ruptured bladder. Things like pelvic and lower abdominal pain, tenderness, leakage of urine, back pain… Things that he was experiencing right now. Things that, logically, he knew were only happening because he had to pee really, really badly. He was experiencing a very desperate need for a urinal, not a medical catastrophe. But, knowing this, telling himself this, trying to use logic and reason, none of those were decent enough weapons to use against the illogical, thrumming panic inside his brain.

His brain told him that his bladder was going to rupture. His brain told him that his bladder rupturing was life-threatening. His brain told him that he was literally going to die a horrific, agonizing death very soon if he didn’t pee.

And, just like that, he was in a panic.

His heart was thumping in his ringing ears, his chest was erupting with pain, he could hardly breathe, and cold sweat rolled down him in buckets. Through his terror, he told himself to just let go, to just pee his pants… But, he couldn’t do it. Now his body was so tight and tense and so far from his control that he couldn’t even force himself to have the accident that he’d been so sure was inevitable.

“Hey, hey,” Nova said. “Shhh…” she was rubbing his arm now. “Breathe. It’s okay,” she soothed. “In and out now… Hold my—“ She stopped, she was about to tell him to squeeze her hand for comfort, something that usually helped him calm down out of his panicked state. But, currently both his hands were wedged firmly between his thighs and she doubted he could move them.

So, instead, she just kept stroking his arm. “It’s okay, you’re okay.” And slowly, his breathing returned to normal. Or, at least as normal as it could be when his entire body was brimming with pee.

He mumbled out that he felt like his bladder was going to rupture, that he needed to go to the hospital.

“Shhh…” Nova repeated, then wondered if she should stop making that noise when she noticed how much tenser Emmett’s thighs got at the sound of it. “I mean, it’s alright. That’s not going to happen. You’ll… Uh… Empty out before THAT happens,” she said. She continued rubbing his arm. She’d seen him needing the toilet really urgently a few times, and ordinarily thought the little dance he couldn’t help was weirdly cute, but it wasn’t cute now. Not when his need was making him feel so scared.

Emmett started to exhale when he felt the bus moving again at last. Then he yelped and dug his hands even firmer into his crotch when it suddenly stopped again just a couple seconds later. They’d barely moved at all!

Nova let go of him when he’d made that noise. She still wanted to comfort him and keep him calm, but she didn’t think her touch alone would be enough to do it anymore. No, the only thing that would make him feel better would be peeing. She picked up her bag, hoping she had something that would make a decent emergency toilet for him. She realized as she searched that, if she did find something, that meant he’d… do it in front of her.

The idea of that made Nova feel really funny inside. She wasn’t even sure what to call the feeling. It was like she both really, really wanted to see it, but also really, really didn’t think she SHOULD want to see it. And, those two conflicting feelings swirled around inside her to become a deeply confusing maelstrom.

Nevertheless, it didn’t really matter. There was nothing in her bag that could be used to hold any amount of liquid, and definitely not the gallon of it Emmett was clearly holding onto. She wondered if she should try asking someone else if they had a bottle. Emmett would be humiliated if she went around the bus asking if anyone was willing to provide him with a urinal, though…

Maybe he’d be at least a little less embarrassed if she just asked his sister? “Hold on,” Nova told him, giving his arm another stroke. “I’m gonna try and get you something.”

Emmett did hold on. He wasn’t sure how, but he held on. He kept holding on. Even though it felt impossible. Maybe it wasn’t, though? After all, while he was absolutely coming apart at the seams and felt like he was going to pee any second, his need had more or less stagnated for a bit now. Maybe he could just keep at it and put up with it for another ten minutes. Then another. Then another. One step at a time, until he was finally able to release his bladder. Like how swimmers approach each race one lap at a time…

Whyyyyy did he just think about water!?

The throbbing, the burning, the pain, it went on and on and on as he sat there and waited, and begged for the traffic to go away. He was dreaming of flying down the road at lightning speeds, the bus stopping, himself rushing from it to find a urinal right there just as he escaped this miserable prison. He was imagining unzipping himself, letting it all flow away, and—

Hsss!

He leaked again, he strained his thighs together more.

Nova returned with a disappointed look on her face. “Sorry,” she said. “Shelby didn’t have a bottle, either…”

Emmett barely heard her. All he could hear now was the screaming in his bladder and the monotonous litany inside his head; ‘GOTTA PEE, GOTTA PEE, GOTTA PEE!!’ He was rocking back and forth and back and forth and back and forth. His body was acting on its own, and he just needed to go so bad, and he couldn’t take it, and it hurt, and he would do anything to pee, and—

Finally, he felt the bus start to move. To really move. Not the starting and stopping, but actual movement. They were on their way again. He looked to Nova with a plea on his lips. He needed the bus to pull over, needed it to bring him to a toilet. He didn’t even care if it was the grossest toilet in the country, so long as he could pee in it and not have to feel this way anymore.

Nova stood and walked to the front of the bus, and Emmett felt a glimmer of hope.

It shattered like a faberge egg on concrete when Nova returned just a minute later, frowning. “They said no stops, we’re already behind their schedule because of the traffic.”

“I can’t…” Emmett whimpered. “I’ve n—never felt it like this before.” He started to breathe harshly again.

“It’s okay,” Nova said. She was running out of ways to keep him calm. His desperation was clearly scaring him, and the only way to get rid of it would be to have him pee his pants. And she didn’t think that wetting himself when their entire class was on the bus with him would help him feel relaxed and calm, either! “We should be there soon.”

“What if there’s more traffic?”

“Don’t think about that.”

“What if I can’t wait?”

“Don’t think about that.”

“What if my bladder ruptures first?”

“Don’t think about that.”

“Wh—What if…” Emmett moaned. “I’m really sorry about this. I’m disgusting.”

“You’re not. You’re not disgusting because your body has needs,” Nova said.

“But… I’m…” he lowered his voice. “I’ve been… leaking. And—“

“It’s okay,” Nova said. “I don’t think you’re gross. You can’t control it.”

“I’m so—“

“If I thought you were gross, I wouldn’t do this,” Nova said, and leaned in for a deep kiss. Finally, some of Emmett’s taut, straining muscles melted while her tongue found its way into his mouth. They’d probably be in trouble if one of the teachers saw, but they were all way up front. And, this was a very welcome distraction from needing to pee. After a minute, their lips separated.

“You’re okay,” Nova said. “You can make it.” The second statement was one Nova was a little less certain of. Truthfully, the fact that he was only just ‘leaking’ right now seemed like nothing short of a miracle to her.

The next half hour was not the least bit easy. Emmett couldn’t keep himself from bouncing, and it took a concentrated effort not to pull his hands away from his dick in disgust when he felt his crotch growing warm and damp from all the leaks he couldn’t stop. He felt so vile, his hands coming into contact with his own bodily waste. The bodily waste that he was unable to contain inside himself… His breathing was ragged and he had to focus really hard on each breath, and on staring straight ahead to keep from working himself into another anxiety attack.

Finally, the bus stopped again, and they were at their destination; A somewhat upscale campground that consisted of a series of cabins and other small buildings. Nova was gently urging him onto his feet, and once he was doing the closest thing to ‘standing up’ that he could manage in his current state, she was tugging him towards the door. They were in the back, so they were supposed to wait for everyone else to get off first, but Emmett couldn’t handle any more waiting, and Nova knew it.

They were the first two off, even beating the teachers. Nova was turning about, trying to find the restrooms, and hoping for Emmett’s sake that they wouldn’t be too gross.

“W—We have to wait for the t—teachers, we’ll get in trouble,” Emmett managed to squeak.

“You can’t wait,” Nova stated the obvious. She finally saw a sign on one of the buildings, designating it as a restroom. “Okay, come on. Just a little further.”

Emmett was still scared about being in trouble for wandering off, but his bladder couldn’t care less. Even if the school administration decided that rushing for the toilet before he’d gotten permission was worthy of expulsion, it would be worth it if he could actually pee.

They arrived at the building, and Nova reached to get the door to the men’s room for him. But, it was locked. This was confusing, because it was too big to just be a single use stall. She pounded on the door instead, while Emmett jumped up and down beside her. She looked at him with sympathy, trying not to notice the dark patch going down one of his pant-legs.

A man opened the door, “We’re cleaning the restrooms right now,” he informed. “Come back later.”

And the door shut before she could argue that it was an emergency. “Eheh… Uh. At least you know they clean them now?” she offered.

Emmett doubled over on himself, before crouching down in the dirt. He was folded totally in half, his forehead brushing the dirt and his knees buckling under him.

“It’s okay,” Nova said, stroking a hand down his tight, knotted spine.

But, it was obviously very far from being okay. Pee was pattering into the dirt beneath Emmett’s curled body. He was having an accident, though clearly not as big of one as he needed to.

Nova wanted to tell him to just go, to just give up and let it happen.

But then she remembered that, technically, this was a camping trip. And, usually when people went camping, they peed in the woods… Just because there were toilets here, that didn’t mean the trees had to be off limits, did it? “New plan,” she said. “You’re gonna go in the woods.”

Emmett’s voice was soft and tiny. “I can’t, I forgot my hand sanitizer at home, so I won’t be able to—“

Nova was stunned that he actually had the capacity to still CARE about how he was going to clean his hands off after he’d finished peeing. “I... I brought some for you just in case, you’ll be fine!” she informed.

Emmett yanked himself up, unwrapping from his coiled form and getting to his feet shakily. “O—Okay,” he said, and Nova helped him take tiny steps towards the wooded area.

“Almost there, just a little further,” she said. “You can do it.”

And, a minute later, they were there. Concealed by the bushes and trees. Now that he’d found somewhere to release, Emmett was met by his next obstacle.

If Emmett moved his hands, he was gonna pee his pants. No question about it.

He needed to move his hands to get his zipper down, though.

“Nnnhhh…” Emmett whimpered, jumping in place. He removed one hand from over his crotch, but the spill that started immediately thereafter made it tuck itself right back where it had been. “I can’t—“

Nova noticed him struggling… This… Really wasn’t how she’d THOUGHT the first time she touched his zipper would go, but… “Want some help?”

“Please!?”

Nova rushed to his side, and reached between his coiled wrists to unbutton his fly. “Move your hands for just a tiny second,” she said. “Just a second.”

Emmett did, painfully, and Nova yanked his zipper down in one fast tug. Her fingers were a little wet as she pulled her hand away, and Emmett’s own hands frantically dove into his boxers, rescuing his leaking cock. Now that the pressure of his hands was gone from his opening, the leaks had turned into a torrential downpour that he aimed blindly into the dirt.

Nova was still right at his side. No doubt WAY closer than she should have been to a guy while he was urinating. But, she found herself unable to move. Emmett was peeing a huge, forceful waterfall against the ground, his head tilted back, eyes fluttering shut in utter bliss.

Nova couldn’t look away either. That face Emmett was making was gorgeous. There was no other word to describe it. His eyes gently closed, his lips parted. A few seconds later, a moan fell from them. “Ahhhhh…. I’m so sorry, Nova. I know you don’t want to see… Ohhhh…”

Nova didn’t respond. She couldn’t. The sounds he was making were intensifying the fascination she felt. She knew she shouldn’t do what she did next, but her eyesight dropped down a bit to his dick and the liquid that was erupting from it. A clear, consistent stream of long-held pee spraying the dirt with the force of a fire hose and creating a fizzing puddle of relief.

The entire thing was just so interesting. His expression, the sounds— both from his throat and from his hissing stream itself— the forcefulness of his pee… It was cute. It was cute that simply peeing had turned this usually anxiety-stricken person into a shivering, shuddering moaning picture of total relaxation. She had the weird urge to hold him a little as he shook with relief. He probably wouldn’t appreciate that very much, though.

After almost two full minutes of nonstop spraying, Emmett’s bladder finally ceased its gushing. He stood there in a daze for several seconds before he remembered himself enough to zip back up and button his fly. He turned a little to face Nova. “I’m… I’m so sorry,” he said. He was positive that Nova was only still here because the revulsion she felt had stunned her into a standstill. “I should have waited for you to leave before I… Did that. I tried to, I promise, I just—“

“It’s okay,” Nova said once more. “You’re… Uh, you’re kinda cute when you do that. That’s probably weird to say, but you just looked… Really calm, I guess? You don’t normally look that way. It’s nice to see.”

Emmett bit his lip, and he looked as anxious as ever again. “I wasn’t really trying to be cute…”

“That’s a good thing, that means you’re cute all the time, even when you don’t mean to be!”

“Um, thank you…” Emmett said, blushing. “Um, can I have the hand sanitizer now please?” His hands felt so dirty. He’d gotten so much pee on them when he’d still been struggling to hold everything in. He now felt as desperate to clean his hands as he’d felt to pee!

“Of course,” Nova said.

*014*2022-02-11 18:04

‘Why didn’t I go before we left the museum?’ Emmett asked himself for what must have been the fiftieth time. He tapped his feet against the floor of the car and cringed as it careened over yet another speed bump. His bladder slammed upwards, and he felt like the pee inside his body had reached up to his throat. He stared out the window, and he couldn’t recognize anything, so he knew they weren’t even back inside his city yet. They were nowhere near the relief he needed.

His class had been on a field trip out of town to a museum all day. Dad had chaperoned to drive him and his sister there and back. The museum had been interesting, and the restaurant inside it had the most delicious lemonade Emmett had ever tasted… He just wished he could have known it was going to shoot through him this quickly.

The worst part, Emmett thought, was that there was really no excuse for him not to have peed before leaving the museum. The restrooms there were perfectly clean, sparkling even. Shelby, Dad and several of his classmates had stopped off to use them, so Emmett would not have wasted anyone’s time by doing the same.

No. The only reason he hadn’t peed like he should have was purely because he’d been too distracted. By a really big rock the museum had on display. A rock. A freaking rock.

What was even wrong with him?!

He didn’t know. He’d just… He’d never seen such a huge rock before, and the information on the placard beside it was interesting, all about how it had been formed by a volcano erupting, and… And he just hadn’t felt like he’d NEEDED to pee then, so he kept reading it. And then they were out the door and at the car. It wasn’t until they’d been driving for about half an hour that he realized he really, really should have peed when he’d had the chance.

The need had just slammed into him all at once, he hadn’t felt it building up. Just, one second he was okay, and the next he was squirming in his seat and wishing the car would move faster. The good news was that if he asked for a stop, Dad would probably give it to him, something that would be much more unlikely if he was riding the bus with the rest of his class. The bad news was that the only options they’d passed by were those disgusting, revolting, absolutely nightmare-inducing abominations that had been forged in the ninth layer of Hell by Lucifer himself. Some people called them ‘gas station toilets’, but Emmett did not think that phrase was enough to adequately describe their evil.

He’d peed in one only once, and had vowed never to do it again. That time had been one of the worst bladder emergencies of his entire life, a time when he’d had about two seconds to get his zipper down before he’d have an accident. He’d… Actually begged Shelby to come with him so SHE could touch the door handle and turn the sink on for him. She’d been about to tease him, before noticing the wet spot already forming at his crotch and realizing that she’d better just give him what he needed.

As Shelby held the door for him, he rushed in to find that the urinal had been torn off the wall by some vandal, so that wasn’t going to be an option. He’d whirled around to face the toilet instead, but it was… badly clogged. And people hadn’t stopped using it in spite of the clog… And someone had tossed their empty beer can into it as well. True, Emmett wouldn’t have needed to sit down on it, but there was still a serious risk of splashback, and he didn’t want to tempt fate.

He wasn’t proud of what he’d ended up doing. He’d told himself that the room was already so ridiculously filthy that it didn’t matter if he added to the stains and puddles that were already prevalent there. Still, as he unzipped and opted to just hose down the wall since it was the option that disgusted him the least, he felt far more shame than he did relief. He knew he really shouldn’t feel guilty, obviously he wasn’t making a mess anyone would have to clean up because evidently no one had cleaned the room since before the Roman Empire had collapsed… Nevertheless, it still made him feel bad.

To his surprise, Shelby hadn’t even teased him about it. No, instead she’d told him “…Yeah, that’s what I would have done, too…”

Even if he hadn’t touched a damn thing in that room, apart from with the soles of his shoes since he’d unfortunately lacked the ability to float above the floor, for the rest of the day Emmett had felt like a grimy, yet invisible, coat of paint was coating his body. He hadn’t managed to feel clean again until he could finally take a shower and scrub himself so hard that most of his skin flamed pink.

After that he’d vowed that he would never, ever do that again. No matter how badly he had to pee, he’d do whatever it took not to place himself into a room like that again for the rest of his life.

He tried to banish this memory from his brain now, not just of the disgust, but of how he’d actually PEED that day. Thinking about past times he’d relieved himself was making him need to do it again SO much worse!

Well, that and the sound of his metal water bottle sloshing in the cup holder… He glared at it as the liquid it contained rolled back and forth, the liquid contained in his bladder seeming to move in time with it. The noise was getting on every single one of his nerves, and making his urethra sting as he clenched his muscles as hard as he could.

He wished he could empty it… But, he couldn’t pour it out the window without attracting notice. And the only OTHER way he could empty it would be to… Drink it. And, obviously if he did that he’d explode into ten million tiny little pieces and literally die.

Well. Maybe not anything quite that dramatic. But still. If he drank one more sip of liquid, it would definitely hurt really, really bad.

They kept driving down the seemingly endless stretch of road. It felt like the drive back was about five times as long as the drive there had taken earlier in the day. Emmett’s bladder was pounding with need, liquid trying to force its way down his pipes, and no matter how tightly he clenched his thighs, it just kept getting worse.

“Emmett?” Shelby asked from his side. “You okay?”

“N—Never better,” Emmett managed through his gritted teeth.

Shelby gave him an odd look, “Are you sure?”

“Positive.”

“… If you need Dad to pull ove—“

“I’m fine!” Emmett insisted. “I’m perfectly fine, and I can hold it until we get home!” He had to be fine, because there was no room in the car for him NOT to be. He couldn’t pee on the seat, and he couldn’t pee in a gas station toilet, so he just couldn’t pee. That was all there was to it.

Shelby shrugged and looked out the window. “I think we’re about an hour from home?” she guessed. “Can you handle that?”

The thought of an HOUR squeezed a fist around Emmett’s bladder and he palmed his crotch against a massive wave of need. “Y—Yes,” he said uncertainly.

“Okay…” Shelby said.

The drive continued. Emmett bounced in his seat, crossed his legs, and glared at his noisy, sloshing water bottle. At one point he unlatched his seatbelt. He knew it was unsafe, but just the pressure of the strap over his middle had become too much for him to deal with. A little while after that, he had to unbutton his pants as well. When he did this, his knuckles brushed themselves against the hard, distended curve of his full bladder and an urgent pulse swept through it that made him nearly double over.

Now that his pants weren’t so tight around his waist, he felt a little better. But, the relief was so close to the feeling of actually peeing that he needed to cross his legs even more tightly together. Before long, the awful tight feeling was back, and he went ahead and unzipped as well.

Shelby heard his zipper coming down and whipped around to look at him. “What are you—“ Before she could finish her question, the car jerked to the side. Emmett yelped in surprise and plunged a hand into the open flaps of his pants to grip himself properly, cringing with disgust when he felt the fabric of his boxers growing warm and damp.

The reason the car had jerked like that was because Dad had pulled over at a gas station. He got out and started to refuel the car.

Shelby took off her seatbelt, took her brother by the wrist, and basically dragged him from the car. “Okay, yeah. You’re gonna pee here.”

“I can’t!” Emmett whined. “It’s too gross!”

“You don’t even know if the toilet here is gross,” Shelby said. “You haven’t seen it yet!”

“It’s a gas station on a highway in Florida, Shelby!” Emmett said. “Of course it’s gross!”

Shelby sighed. “Well, even if it is, you’re gonna use it. Look at yourself, like eighty percent of your body’s gotta be pee right now.”

“Shelby!” Emmett exclaimed.

She continued leading him around the side of the building to the restrooms. “GO,” she ordered.

“I can’t!”

“You HAVE to.”

Emmett trembled from more than just desperation then. “Could you check first? Tell me how bad it is?”

Shelby groaned and rolled her eyes. “If THAT’S what it takes to keep you from peeing your pants…” she said. She opened the door to the men’s room and stepped inside. And…

It was bad.

Like, the stuff of nightmares.

It looked like someone had poured bucket after bucket of chili onto a rotating helicopter blade if the stains and globs coating the walls were anything to go by.

And the stench was like that of a dying animal. Shelby felt like her eyes could smell it.

But, if SHE thought that this was bad, then to someone like Emmett it would probably look like something straight from the boiler room of Hell. She wasn’t going to try and convince him to use this. Urging him in here would be downright cruel, like she was just TRYING to trigger him into having a panic attack.

Odds were, if he went in that room, he WOULD have a panic attack, and then he’d freak out more because he’d been breathing heavily while surrounded by so many germs, and… Would he even be capable of peeing while mid-anxiety attack? She didn't think that sounded possible, since in order to urinate he’d need to relax at least a little, and obviously if he was panicking and breaking down, that wouldn’t be happening. Or, maybe freaking out like that would cause him to go in his pants instead.

So, even if he did go inside that restroom, then at best he’d be so tense that he wouldn’t be able to pee, and at worst he’d start hyperventilating and either wouldn’t be able to pee or would just do it in his pants. It would be a pointless endeavor, she would have only succeeded in putting him into a very uncomfortable, scary situation that didn’t offer him any type of reward.

She exited the room. Emmett was looking at her with trepidation and perhaps even a little hope. “Um…” She said. “One moment…” She then ducked into the women’s room, hoping it would be better. It may end up taking some convincing to get him to use a ladies’ toilet, what with him being such a stickler for rules, but surely it had to be better than—

It was even worse.

Shelby wasn’t sure how that possible, but it was. This room was even grosser than the men’s had been.

She backed out of the room and returned to her brother. He looked at her with big, watery eyes. “Is it—“

“Bad doesn’t even cover it,” Shelby said. “I… Honestly think straight up peeing yourself is the best decision you can make right now.”

“I can’t do that!” Emmett cried, horrified. He squeezed himself even tighter as his bladder threatened to make him do it in spite of his protests. He turned around a few times, searching for something that might save him. But, the area was barren. Absolutely nothing to hide behind. No trees, no bushes, not even a garbage can he could duck behind. And there were roads on all sides of the building, each one with several cars zooming by that would see if he decided to relieve himself on a wall…

He was screwed. There was no way out of this. He was going to pee his pants.

He at least wanted a little privacy for that, so he stumbled his way back to the car. Dad was finishing up with the car and told him he needed to go inside to pay. Emmett wondered if maybe there was an employee bathroom inside the building that was nice and clean, and maybe if he begged hard enough they’d let him use it. He doubted it.

Shelby had caught up to him. “I’m really sorry,” she said. “You should have gone at the museum…”

“I know, Emmett whimpered, rocking from side to side. He’d opened his car door so he’d have something to hide behind when his bladder finally gave up… And then he found an answer! He dove into the car, twisting his hips and shuddering as he sat down.

“Emmett, if you’re gonna wet yourself, don’t do it inside of the—“

“I’m not going to,” Emmett insisted. He tore one hand away from his crotch and picked up the metal water bottle that had been torturing him all through the ride. Now, it was going to save him.

He unscrewed it as fast as he could with one hand and, dreading what he was about to do, reached to dump it onto the pavement outside the door.

“What are you doing?” Shelby asked, though that was fairly obvious. “You’re gonna ruin it…” she said.

Since Emmett had already unzipped, he’d only needed to fish himself free from his boxers and aim into the opening of the bottle. Then, the air was filled with the sound of liquid tinkling against metal, rapidly replaced by the sound of liquid hitting liquid. “Ahhhh….” Emmett sighed, allowing his eyes to shut.

Shelby stared at him. She didn’t really want to, of course. It was just… She was stunned. Her brother, her germaphobic, neat-freak brother who would rather tear out all of his own eyelashes than make a gross mess of anything… Was now filling up his own water bottle with wave after wave of urine. And, if that expression on his face and the moans erupting from his mouth were anything to go by, he was loving every second of it too. It both looked and sounded like there was nothing in the world he’d rather do than continue just sitting there, emptying out into the bottle.

She couldn’t help but snort, “Heh… What the Hell?” she giggled.

Emmett cracked his eyes open. He felt like he was floating, his body was so loose and free and empty… “Don’t watch!” he said, albeit a little halfheartedly. He didn’t mind all that much… He felt too good to mind anything at all.

“You’re ruining it,” Shelby said, still laughing. “You can’t ever drink from it again.”

“It can go through the dishwasher,” Emmett said. “It…Hahhhh…” he shivered as his deluge finally began to slow down, shaking off a little before replacing the cap on the bottle. He reached into his pocket and retrieved his hand sanitizer, squeezing a little out into one of his palms before rubbing them together.

“It can go through the dishwasher,” Shelby repeated. “You threw out your book-bag because a spider got squished under it once and you didn’t think the washing machine would clean it well enough. But you’ll—“

“Spider guts are grosser than urine,” Emmett said, as if that was just a known fact everyone should have already been aware of.

“You don’t make sense sometimes,” Shelby said, shaking her head. “Feeling better though?”

“A lot better,” Emmett said. “I was bursting…” He placed the bottle back into the cupholder, looking at the label on its side. “Wow…” he said.

“What?”

“I filled this thing up almost all the way,” he said. “So, I peed out an entire liter…”

“That is a lot…” Shelby said. “Do you really want to finish the drive with it next to you like that, though? You can pour it out before Dad comes back…”

Emmett shook his head, “No way, some might splash on my shoes if I pour it out here!”

“… I really don’t get you,” Shelby said.

*015*2022-02-12 17:49

Little bit of female desperation in this one.

***

Nova was getting a LOT better at differentiating Emmett’s usual ‘I’m feeling very nervous right now’ squirming from his more frantic ‘Ohh, I really, really gotta pee!’ squirming. But, even as she grew more and more adept at working out when he had to relieve his bladder, a part of her always wanted to pretend that she couldn’t tell. When he told her he needed to be excused for a bit, she would try to act like she didn’t know why he was leaving for a few extra minutes. Just to force him to admit to her that he was desperate. She knew that this was wrong, in any other case Nova’s first instinct was always to help Emmett, to soothe him and to give him whatever he needed if she was able to.

But, he was just so undeniably cute when his face got all red and he mumbled to her that he was bursting for the toilet.

She also couldn’t deny that she kind of wanted to see him… DO it again. She doubted that this desire was normal, but seeing Emmett’s body go so loose, seeing all of the tension leave it… She’d never seen him so relaxed before. Even when he was asleep he was scrunched into a tight ball and still looked nervous.

Nova was thinking about pee and Emmett’s tense sleeping patterns because she was currently desperate to relieve her own bladder, and Emmett was asleep and gripping onto her so tightly that she couldn’t get up.

She was sleeping over at his house tonight. And she’d been so concerned that she’d accidentally do something weird in front of him that peeing before bed had completely slipped her mind. She was regretting that now. She knew she should just wake him up, but knowing he suffered from frequent bouts of Insomnia, she didn’t want to rouse him when he was getting some badly needed rest.

So instead, Nova had been trying to just squirm out of his grasp, but that had proven difficult. His hands were both clung tightly to her arm and she couldn’t manage to force his fingers to uncurl. Eventually, she gave up on the endeavor, resolving to just hold it in until morning. She tried to fall asleep in order to speed that process along a little bit, but sleep just refused to come. Every time she felt herself starting to drift off, her bladder would jolt and she’d feel right on the cusp of letting it all flow into the bed. She’d clench her thighs, her heart pounding with adrenaline, and by the time the spasm passed she’d be wide awake once more.

Miserably, she realized that she was going to be up all night, enduring a heinous need to empty her bladder.

***

Emmett was scared.

He was in the hospital again, like he was when he was little and had gotten so sick. The doctors were talking to each other, they were saying the illness was back. This both terrified Emmett and confused him; He didn’t understand how his illness could be back again. The last time he’d had it, his appendix had been taken out so that he could get better. He couldn’t possibly be sick like that again if the thing wasn’t even in his body anymore, right?

When he was little and had gotten sick like that, he’d thrown up a lot. Emmett couldn’t remember throwing up today, and if he HAD thrown up, he definitely would have been able to remember it. It was the thing he was most afraid of, after all.

When he was little and had gotten sick like that, he’d also had an agonizing pain in his stomach, like being stabbed repeatedly every few seconds. He didn’t feel that now. He did feel a great deal of pain, though. But, this pain was below his stomach. He had to pee so much that the screaming urgency in his bladder was almost loud enough to drown out the words of the doctors around him.

He remembered that when he’d had the operation and his appendix had been removed, he’d rested in a hospital bed like this one for a long time afterwards. He’d been really weak and had had a hard time talking, and he was so scared that he couldn’t even really remember how to. After a while, he’d needed to go pee very badly. But, he knew he wasn’t supposed to get out of bed, and he was too sore to try anyway. Emmett could barely understand what had happened to him, just that he’d been in a lot of pain, had thrown up everywhere uncontrollably, and then he’d had to come to this scary place and be cut up. He hadn’t looked at his stomach under his gown yet. He was too frightened of what he might see there. He didn’t understand how he could have been cut apart and put back together again; surely his insides were falling out even if he couldn’t feel it.

The hospital was scary, and the doctors were scary, and Emmett couldn’t find his voice to tell any of them that he needed to pee.

So, he’d just stayed in bed and held it, even though it hurt really, really bad and it was so hard to keep it from coming out. Eventually, he needed the toilet so urgently that he started to cry. He cried a lot, struggling to breathe through his sobs. The crying made it even tougher to keep all the pee inside, but he couldn’t stop the tears from coming.

After he’d spent several minutes crying through his pain, a nurse entered his room to check on him. “Oh, dear… What’s the matter?” she asked.

The nurses scared Emmett too, he was worried he was going to get cut open again. So, even though he wanted to tell her he was about to have an accident, he couldn’t find the words.

“Are you still in pain?” She came closer to his bed and saw that he was pressing his hands very tightly between his legs. “Oh, do you have to use the bathroom?”

Emmett nodded frantically. Yes, yes he did! Please! Can’t hold it anymore!

“Poor dear,” the nurse said. She went to a cabinet and rummaged around, when she came back to his side she’d been holding a bottle. She unscrewed the cap and handed it to him. “There you go, honey. I’ll just give you some privacy.” And then she’d left.

Emmett was able to figure out that apparently he was supposed to use this bottle now instead of a toilet. He didn’t really like this, because he’d known he was only supposed to pee in toilets. But, his pee couldn’t stay inside anymore, so he’d hidden the bottle underneath his gown and let it out. It felt good, but he was still worried that he’d done something wrong.

When the nurse had come back into the room and saw the bottle, her startled reaction made Emmett more worried he’d broken a rule. Had he been wrong? Was the bottle NOT for peeing, after all? But, when she’d spoken to him, she wasn’t angry. “Oh, you poor thing…” she said. “All of that was in you? Did no one give you a bottle until now?”

Emmett had shook his head then. He hadn’t known anyone was supposed to have given him a bottle to pee into…

“That’s unacceptable… I can’t believe they forgot to…” The nurse stopped. “You are feeling better now?”

Emmett had given her a nod. He did feel better. Still sore, but now neither his appendix nor his bladder were at risk of bursting.

Now, as Emmett sat confusedly in a similar bed in a similar room, history was repeating itself. He tried to regain his ability to speak so he could ask for a bottle without having to endure the same level of agony he’d withstood when he’d been small. But, the doctors were talking to each other, and everything they said made Emmett’s voice shrivel more and more.

“We’re going to have to operate again,” one doctor said. “He should have known this would happen.”

“He hasn’t washed his hands enough,” the other doctor agreed. “He’s let in all manner of infections.”

“He touched a doorknob last week and didn’t use hand sanitizer until two minutes later,” the first doctor said. “And he touched his lips before sterilizing his hands. It’s no wonder he’s so sick.”

“He realized his mistake at least,” the second doctor said. “When he figured out the germs had gotten into his body, he swallowed some of his sanitizer. But, it was too late.”

Emmett was unsure how the doctors knew all of that. He did remember panicking when he’d realized his unclean hand had brushed against his mouth. He did remember forcing himself to swallow a pump of hand sanitizer to make up for it. But he didn’t remember telling anyone about that, or anyone being around to see it happen.

Not that any of it had ended up mattering. He was sick again, and he was going to be cut open again, and—

He was startled by a burst of warmth between his legs and began to clutch himself as he whimpered.

The doctors turned to look at him. “What’s the matter?” The first doctor asked.

Emmett tried to answer and say that he needed to pee RIGHT NOW, but he couldn’t find the words. Tears formed in the corners of his eyes.

“Looks like he needs the bathroom,” the second doctor said.

Emmett nodded very quickly. ‘Please,’ he thought. ‘You can do anything you need to do to me! Just let me pee!’ As he continually nodded, more and more leaks dribbled from his tip. ‘Hurry!’

The first doctor went to the cabinet and got out a bottle. Emmett eagerly held out the hand not clamped around his dick. ‘Please, I can’t wait!’ he thought as he grasped onto the bottle. ‘Oh, finally!’ He couldn’t wait for the doctors to leave the room. He couldn’t even wait for them to turn around, either. He was gonna have to let it out with them right here, and he didn’t care, he just couldn’t hold it anymore. Nothing mattered anymore, nothing. He was about to relieve himself and it was going to feel wonderful…

***

Nova continued enduring the thrashing madness taking place in her bladder. Her thighs were clamped together, and the hand Emmett wasn’t locked onto was squeezed between them. She felt her fingers growing wet as squirts of pee continually shot out of her body without her consent. She was NOT going to last until morning. She had no choice, she HAD to wake him up, or she’d piss all over herself and the bed. Emmett probably wouldn’t ever be able to look at her again if she did that.

Emmett had been doing a great deal of thrashing around during the last half hour. Even more than he’d been doing before. She wasn’t sure if he was having a bad dream, or if this was just how a person with severe anxiety slept.

Hss—

She startled at the noise of trickling liquid and pressed her hand more firmly against herself… But, she didn’t feel any new warmth there. She hadn’t peed another drop.

Confused, she glanced towards Emmett’s crotch and saw it starting to glisten. “Emmett, wake up!” she said urgently, both from her own desperate need to pee and from a desire to keep Emmett from having what would surely be a very traumatic accident. “Wake up!”

Emmett’s eyes cracked open. He was breathing heavily. “Wha’…?” he asked blearily, sitting up— And then his hands flew off of Nova’s arms as he frantically shoved them against his crotch. “Ah—!” His eyes popped wide open as he struggled to clamp off the stream he realized was trickling into his pajamas. He was shocked that this was happening; He had NEVER wet the bed before in his life, and now he’d very nearly done it the first night his girlfriend was sleeping beside him?! He immediately jumped out of bed and instantly regretted it as all the liquid he was holding back made a fierce rush down towards his urethral opening, which he was still trying his hardest to pinch shut. “I gotta go!”

Nova did not tease him this time. She didn’t ask him ‘Go where?’ or try to make him admit that he was about to pee his pants. “I do too,” she said.

Emmett, whom had been in the process of hurrying to the toilet as quickly as his bladder would allow him to, stopped right at the door to his room. He shimmied his hips, bounced on his heels, didn’t dare let go of his cock, and turned around. He noticed now that Nova had sat up and was cupping her hands between her own legs, obviously in dire need of a pee.

This presented a problem.

His house DID have two toilets, but to get to one of them, a person would have to go through his Dad’s room. His Dad was a very light sleeper, and Emmett had inherited his penchant for insomnia from him. Going in there while he slept would almost certainly wake him up, and waking him up would most likely render him unable to get back to sleep. Dad would be grouchy all the next day. It had taken a lot of work to get Dad to agree to let Emmett have his girlfriend spend the night. Emmett had needed to emphasize to him how responsible he was, how he was very mature. And, he was pretty sure that causing his Dad to lose sleep because he could not for the life of him hold onto his pee for a few extra minutes would disprove all of his claims of maturity.

But, the thing was, Emmett knew he really COULDN’T hold onto his pee for a few extra minutes. He’d already started going, after all. And, sure, he’d managed to shut off his flow when Nova woke him, but stopping midstream was one talent Emmett never managed to master. Whenever he started to pee, that was it; He was going to finish. There had been a few times he’d been urinating and something happened that necessitated him stopping— The time he’d needed to void himself into Dad’s bathtub and the awful day he’d gotten locked in the janitor’s closet and had had no choice but to empty his aching bladder into a bucket came to mind. On both those occasions, someone had walked in on him and so he’d tried to plug himself shut again. And, both those times, he’d only managed to restrain his stream for a second or two before it exploded out of him once more.

Stopping before he’d finished was downright torture for Emmett. It was one of the worst feelings in the world to him; It always resulted in this really intense, awful sensation, almost like he was being pinched in the most sensitive part of his body. It burned and stung and was enough to bring tears to his eyes. He was feeling ALL of that right now, his bladder begging him to let it keep doing what it had been doing into his pajama pants a couple minutes ago. The only reason he hadn’t started letting loose again was because his hands were doing a very good job at turning themselves into corks; He just wasn’t sure how much longer that was gonna last.

Hopefully, it would last long enough for Nova to go. “N—Nova, please try and go fast, okay?” he requested, stomping his feet so much it looked like he was trying to do a strange march.

Nova had managed to get out of bed, and she hadn’t moved her hands from their spot underneath herself. She was pressing her fingers firmly into her groin, wincing at the very small patch of warm wetness she could feel just below her fingertips. She WANTED to go first. She was DYING to go first. But, seeing Emmett in a vulnerable state always made her feel so protective… “Y—You can go first,” she said as the two of them shuffled down the hallway towards the restroom.

‘Do it,’ Emmett’s bladder begged him. ‘Do it, do it! Please? You’re going to explode!’ To emphasize its point, his bladder spasmed and a squirt of urine flowed forth. “Hnnnh…” he whimpered, thighs quivering and straining against his clutched hands. “Y—You’re a guest here,” he whispered. “I— Oh!— I can hold it!”

Nova had been able to hear Emmett’s last leak hissing out of him and knew that he absolutely COULDN’T hold it. But, she could also feel more heat flowing into her own cupped hands and knew that SHE couldn’t last one more minute either… She wished there was a way they could BOTH go. But, since she’d have to sit down, they obviously couldn’t just stand side by side and relieve themselves into the toilet. And she seriously doubted that Emmett would be willing to use the sink as a urinal, no matter how full his bladder was.

She supposed, however, that there was ONE way they could both use the toilet. She could just spread her legs apart some and let him aim his stream in between them. That should work, right? Writhing on the spot, her bladder weakening more and more now that they were at the door to the restroom, she asked Emmett if he liked this idea.

Immediately, he turned bright red. He HAD shared a toilet with another person before a few times. Once had been when he was pretty little and he and another boy both really had to go, but the restroom attached to their classroom only had one toilet. That hadn’t been TOO strange. Emmett had been way too young to feel very bothered by it. There was also one time when he and Dad got stuck in traffic on their way to visit someone, and when they got there neither of them could wait another second. Emmett had been older then and it had felt a LITTLE more uncomfortable, but it was still JUST his Dad so it wasn’t too big of a deal.

The weirdest though was when he and Shelby shared a toilet. Shelby had taught herself how to pee standing up like a guy, which kind of freaked him out, but he supposed it DID make situations like that a little easier.

He knew that doing this with Nova would feel MUCH stranger than any of those experiences had. She was a girl. And, yeah, so was Shelby, but that was different. Shelby could go standing up, which Emmett doubted Nova could. And, Shelby was just his sister. His twin sister. They’d seen each other naked from time to time growing up, and Emmett of course felt no physical attraction towards her. The same couldn’t be said for Nova; He’d never seen those areas of her body before, and he was very, VERY attracted to her.

He was able to get a clear image of his head of how exactly they could use the toilet together. Nova would be sitting right in front of him, her underwear down, her nightgown pulled up, her legs spread apart… And he’d have his dick out. And he’d have to be LOOKING right between her legs in order to aim it properly, and—

Hsss—!

His bladder squeezed in on itself, rejecting yet another tiny spurt of its burden. Emmett’s brain may not have been totally on board with this idea, but his bladder had definitely made up ITS mind already. “… Okay,” he said, and when his voice popped he wasn’t sure if it was from the heinous pressure inside or from the nerves. “Let’s, um… Let’s do that.”

Nova was relieved to hear him agree, but not nearly as relieved as she was about to be. They went into the restroom and Nova groaned at the sight of the toilet. She started to pull up her nightgown and hook her fingers around her underpants, then she stopped. A bead of urine rolled down her legs, but her hands were frozen in place. It had only just now really hit her what she was about to do.

She’d known for a long time that, one day, she would be showing her whole body to Emmett. There was no one else she’d ever want to give her virginity to, and she’d daydreamed about what that would be like many, many times. She was excited for it, and she knew he was as well, but neither of them felt quite ready for it just yet. And, she knew that this was definitely not about to turn into THAT so it wasn’t like she was rushing into something before the right time had come, but still… Even if she knew that both of them would be keeping their hands to themselves, this felt like a new step.

Emmett saw her hesitate and knew what she must have been feeling. He was more than a little apprehensive about whipping it out in front of her right now himself. And, she’d have to expose even more. He couldn’t stop trembling, both from the anxiety at the new and unfamiliar situation and from the intense crushing weight of his full bladder. He was leaking every few seconds now, his bladder crying with need. He didn’t dare say anything about how much he needed to go, however, fearing that the words “I can’t hold it!” that were caught in the back of his throat would end up sounding like he was pressuring her to do something that she wasn’t actually ready to do.

Emmett bit back the whining plea for relief, and instead managed “You don’t have to do this. You can go first. I’ll wait outside.” Another jet of liquid pulsed out at his words, his bladder disagreeing with him but his brain and heart knowing that there were some things more important than his need to urinate.

Nova’s heart started to slow down a little. It was still thrumming loudly in time with the pulsing quakes inside her bladder, but his words were soothing to her. They reminded her that he cared for her, respected her, and would never use this as an excuse to pressure her into something that she didn’t want. “I…” she winced at another gush of lost liquid. “I don’t mind. I trust you,” she said, quickly lowering her underwear, lifting the lid on the toilet and throwing herself down onto it.

Once there, a little spurt of liquid splashed into the bowl below her, but with a cringing moan she made it stop, her legs pressing together. “Hurry!” she begged.

Emmett, who had one hand pressed into his crotch and the other hesitating at the waistband of his pants, fought down his wary shyness and finally lowered them, not wanting her to restrain her body one second longer on his behalf. ‘If she’s willing to… show herself like that, you can do it too,’ he thought. He stumbled closer to the toilet and realized Nova’s legs were squeezing together, giving him nowhere to aim his stream. A small, pale yellow droplet had collected on his tip and he begged it not to fall onto her legs. “I’m ready,” he said. Good God, was his bladder ready…

Blushing, but eager for relief, Nova parted her legs as much as she could, hoping it gave Emmett enough room to release his bladder. As soon as her legs had separated, her own bladder collapsed in on itself and a gush of liquid began to splatter and pulse below her. “Ahhh….” she blushed as a sigh fell from her lips.

Several drops fell from Emmett’s cock, but it took him a few seconds to work himself up to an actual stream. Instinct was yelling at him not to look at the area between Nova’s legs, to not stare at the delicate folds there, to give her privacy as her urine poured out of her body. But, rationally he knew that his bladder was going to burst at any second, and when it did he needed his eyes open and alert. Looking at Nova’s body when she’d already given him permission to do so was obviously a lot better than accidentally peeing onto her would be.

His bladder DID burst just a second later, his hesitant dribbling turning into a tsunami of a stream. “Ohhhh…” he moaned out, beginning to shiver a little with relief. The horrid, pinching burn that had been assailing his opening for the past ten minutes faded away as the pressure drained out of him. He wanted to close his eyes and tip his head back as he gave into the pure relaxation that this utter bliss provided him, but the space he was aiming into was a lot narrower than what he was used to and he had to be extra careful not to get any of his urine where he didn’t want it.

Nova felt less embarrassed about the way she couldn’t stop gasping and sighing when she heard her boyfriend moan like that. He couldn’t help vocalizing how wonderful he was feeling, either. She noticed the pink tinge to his face and knew that the same coloration was no doubt spreading across her cheeks as well. She wanted to tell him not to feel embarrassed; She was peeing in front of him too, after all. But, she couldn’t find her voice, all she could do was keep gasping and trying to catch her breath as her pee ferociously hissed away below her.

Emmett was now running into a different kind of problem. He was peeing, and it felt incredible, but he was also looking at his girlfriend’s half-naked body. And that was causing heat to flow all through his own. He felt dangerously close to… Something. Something that would make it very difficult for him to continue urinating, and something that he really, REALLY didn’t want to have happen when his exposed dick was at Nova’s eye-level.

‘Oh, God… Oh, God…’ he thought, panicked. ‘Don’t let THAT happen. Don’t. Please don’t. Think unsexy thoughts. Think unsexy thoughts. Oh… Oh, God… Um, okay; Roadkill possums. And… And, your history teacher. And— The state governor, yeah. Your history teacher licking jam off the governor’s nipples, and—‘

As Emmett continued trying to flood his mind’s eye with thoroughly unappealing images, Nova’s pee finally slowed to a trickle and faded away, leaving nothing but a delightful emptiness and a slight tingling. Except, Emmett still hadn’t finished up, so she had to keep sitting there as he kept gushing away. And now that her bladder had emptied and she no longer had her own relief to focus on, the fact that she was sitting right there and watching Emmett pee was making her feel strange, just as it had they day she’d seen him go in the woods. It made her feel even stranger this time, actually. They were so close together, and that deep blush on his face was so cute, and the way he was shivering and sighing, making it so obvious how good he felt… She knew it was weird, but she couldn’t help it; Emmett was absolutely adorable when he was urinating.

And, her position granted her a spectacular, breathtaking view of the whole process as well. She tried very, very hard not to, but her gaze kept going back to his dick, watching as his stream steadily pulsed from his pee-hole. It was bizarrely mesmerizing. The jet of pee started to slow down eventually, then receded away entirely. For some reason, she was almost disappointed to see it stop, even though he’d just let out an enormous quantity.

Emmett stood there for a second, shifting on his feet. “Er… I… I have to… Shake it off some now,” he said. “And, I don’t want to… I don’t want to get anything on you, you know?” He backed up and allowed her to stand from the toilet before shaking the last few drops from his tip, then he quickly stuffed his cock back inside his pants. “I… Am SO sorry,” he said. “I hope that wasn’t too uncomfortable for you.”

It hadn’t been uncomfortable for Nova. Aside from the initial shyness at exposing her own body parts, which had only lasted for a bit, she hadn’t minded anything about the experience. She felt much better now that she no longer had to pee so badly, and watching as Emmett’s relief soothed over his usually anxious features had been a nice treat. “It was fine,” she said. “You’re okay with it, right?”

Emmett thought about it. It hadn’t been the most comfortable thing he’d ever done, but it hadn’t been awful either. His bladder was nice and empty, and he’d managed to tamp down the involuntary… reactions that he’d been so worried about. Still, he was a little shocked at himself for doing that when, a few months ago at the mall, he’d been too shy to tell Nova he even NEEDED to pee, much less actually DO it in front of her like that. “I… Well, I mean, I feel a lot better, anyway.”

Nova felt a funny smile forming on her lips and knew she was turning red. “You should!” she said. “You had to go VERY bad, didn’t you? I could tell!” she wasn’t sure what the Hell she was doing, why some part of her wanted to tease him so badly and see him blush. Why some part of her wanted him to talk to her more about this, tell her all about just how much he’d needed to go. Why some part of her really, REALLY wanted to ask him to recount stories to her about other times he’d been desperate to empty his bladder.

“…Yeah,” he said softly. “I… I did, I guess…”

Trying to sound as casual as possible, she asked “Was that the worst you’ve ever had to go? I— I mean, it looked like it was hurting you a bit…”

“No,” Emmett said, blushing. Definitely not the worst. “The day of that field trip was REALLY bad. And, you heard what happened that day we had to take those tests.”

Nova HAD heard. She was glad she hadn’t seen it. She didn’t like seeing Emmett cry and get so upset. She especially didn’t like seeing someone be cruel to him. She liked seeing him feel good. “Is it weird that I think you look cute when you’re…”

“When I’m what?”

“When you’re… Going,” Nova said.

Emmett was blushing more now. “You… Really think I’m cute when I’m peeing? I always thought you were just saying that to make me feel less gross.”

“No,” Nova shook her head. “I mean it, you look… I don’t even know what to call it. It’s adorable.”

“When I’m… Peeing,” Emmett said.

“Yes,” Nova said. “I know, it’s weird. I don’t even know why I like it so much. I think it’s mostly because of how relaxed you get, or something. And, you’re cute when you NEED to go, too. All the squirming, and your eyes get super big and wide, and… I don’t know why it’s so cute, it just… Is.”

Emmett didn’t say anything for a while, and Nova worried that she’d upset him, that he was disgusted that she felt this way. Finally, he said; “…Okay. Now, I’m not like… Upset. Or freaked out now. Or… Anything like that. I can’t say I understand it, but it’s… It’s fine with me if you… I guess, like to watch me pee?”

Nova looked down. “I don’t understand it either,” she said. “And, don’t say it like that. That makes me feel like a pervert.”

“Sorry…” Emmett said. “I didn’t mean it like that.”

“I know you didn’t…”

Emmett sighed, “I guess… I guess a part of me is kind of relieved?” He winced at his own word choice, considering the topic at hand. “I was always so embarrassed to tell you when I had to go, and I thought for sure I’d gross you out if I ever had to do it in front of you for some reason. But… I mean, if you LIKE it, then I don’t have to worry anymore, right?”

“Right,” Nova said. “Thank you for not being mad, or thinking I’m disgusting.”

“I could never think you’re disgusting,” Emmett said. “I’m not going to lie and say I don’t think this is… weird, but it’s okay. I don’t mind it.”

“Thank you,” Nova repeated. “And thank you for not… For not trying to ‘push’ for anything when we had to take some of our clothes off like that.”

“I promise, I won’t ever do something like that if you don’t want to,” Emmett said. “I’m not even ready for that yet myself.”

She felt better hearing him say that. She knew sometimes one person got impatient if their partner didn’t feel up to advancing their relationship quickly enough. But, Emmett recognized that neither one of them was ready for that step yet. It made her more certain that, once it finally came, their first time would be something very special.

