Super Squad

Author: sussytransgirl

*000*2024-01-14 02:25

CHAPTER 1:

Okay, so I'm starting a new fiction series, this part doesn't have omorashi in it, so you can skip this if you want, this part is just an introduction. The next part will have omorashi. :3

CHARACTERS:

IZUMI CHIBANA

&&

JUN TSUYOTSUME

&&

The squad car pulled up in a dark alley. Three people stepped out. The captain, Kenji Kurokumo, a man seemingly made out of shadow, with hair twisting upward like a flame and 4 tendrils extending from his back, a boy with black messy hair and dark brown eyes named Jun Tsuyotsume, and a cute green haired trans girl named Izumi Chibana. They all wore the same uniform, a jacket, pants and boots. In front of them was the notorious villain, The Alchemist, an insane scientist who was a known murderer, but was never able to be caught. The three people were part of a hero squad that helped out where the police couldn’t. The criminal turned around.

“Uh oh, you found me,” he chuckled. The captain spoke. “Your time is up, Alchemist!” The villain laughed. “Oh, is that so?” He pulled out a cylinder and threw it at the group. The cylinder exploded into a cloud of gas. Everyone coughed. “Don’t worry,” Tsuyotsume said. “I’ll get him!” The boy chased after him, growing big silver claws out of his finger tips. Everyone in the group has a power of some sorts, which made them the perfect crime fighters, often compared to superheroes in a comic book. The other two followed and caught up with the criminal. 

“What the hell!? Are those claws?” He shouted. The Alchemist pulled out a gun. “Get back!!!” Yelled Kurokumo. The Alchemist pulled the trigger, but Chibana jumped in front of Kurokumo. “Izumi!” Yelled Tsuyotsume. “Later!” The Alchemist said as he booked it out of the alley. “Are you okay?” Kurokumo asked. “Yeah,” Chibana replied. “It only hit my leg. Didn’t even go all the way through.” She pulled out the bullet, but it wasn’t normal bullet, the tip had needle in it with some kind of liquid dripping out the end. “Ew, what’s that?” Asked Tsuyotsume. “I’m not sure.” The captain replied. “Let’s head back to head quarters and figure out what this stuff is. We’ll get Chibana’s leg fixed up as well. Come on guys.”

NEXT PART COMING SOON! (probably hopefully I'll have motivation lol)

*001*2024-01-14 03:27

CHAPTER 2:

The three entered their base, a small child with angel wings named Tenshi Tsubasa greeted them. “Hey guys!” He said in a cute high pitched voice. “How’d the mission go?” “Not good.” Kurokumo replied. “The Alchemist escaped and Chibana is injured.” Tsubasa flew over to the cupboard and grabbed a first aid kit. “Here you go Izumi!” “Thanks Tsubasa.” She said, putting a bandage on her leg. Chibana got up. “I’m just gonna go to bed. I feel kinda weird.” She said. “Night.” Said Tsuyotsume. “Me and Tsubasa will analyse this bullet. I hope you feel better tomorrow.” The captain told them. Izumi walked off and laid down in her bed, taking off her uniform. She fell asleep pretty quickly. The next morning the girl woke up in a wet bed. It took a moment for her to realise.

“What the- Aah!” She squeaked, looking down at the mess. Her panties were soaked and the whole room smelled like pee. “Oh. my. god…” She whispered to herself. “Did I really wet the bed? I’m 18! This is so embarrassing!” She got up and changed out off her soaked underwear. Chibana sighed as she looked at the huge yellow stain on her bed. “Fuck…” She said under her breath. “Guess I gotta clean this up.” She stripped the sheets off the bed and took them to the washing machine. On the way she ran into Tsuyotsume. “Whatcha doin?” He asked. Chibana jumped in surprise. “Ah! Um- nothing, I uh… spilled a drink on my bed.” She said, her face red. “Huh, okay.” He replied, rubbing his eyes. “I’m going back to bed.” Izumi cursed. “That was close…” She put the sheets in the washing machine and turned it on. She then felt a pain in her lower area. “Huh?” She said. “Do I seriously have to pee after that?” She went to the bathroom and let it out, then went back to sleep.

Later she got up to have breakfast. Everyone was sitting at the table eating pancakes. “Pancakes?” Asked Tsubasa. “Sure, sounds good.” Chibana replied. She sat down and Tsubasa put two pancakes on her plate. “Thanks.” She said. “Can I have some?” Tsuyotsume asked, his mouth still full. “You’ve already had seven, where are you keeping them all???” The angel boy asked. Tsuyotsume just shrugged. Kurokumo entered the room. “Morning everyone.” He said. “Overnight I’ve examined the bullet that shot Chibana. “The bullet itself is hollow, filled with the remnants of some sort of liquid that gets injected through the needle.” He explained. “This means that the rest of the liquid is inside Chibana.” “That doesn’t sound good!” The girl said worriedly. “Indeed. I’ve yet to figure out what the liquid is, but since Chibana is still alive, and seemingly well, I’m assuming for now that it’s not lethal.” He replied. “That’s a bit better.” Chibana thought.

“Anyway,” Kurokumo continued, “We’ll be going back out to catch The Alchemist. Tsubasa tracked him down near a warehouse about 20 minutes away. Everyone get ready, we’ll be leaving soon.

*002*2024-01-15 00:06

CHAPTER 3

Izumi went back to her room and changed into her uniform. A purple jacket and dark purple pants. She joined the rest of the team and they got into the squad car. After a few minutes Chibana felt a pain in her bladder again. “What? I just went before we left… what’s wrong with me today?” She thought. “I’ll just have to hold it until we get home.” After another five minutes they pulled up at the location. A warehouse that used to be owned by a company that went out of business, and was now the main hub for all sorts of crime.

“We’re here.” Said Kurokumo. “Be quiet, we don’t want to spook him.” Chibana’s need was starting to get worse. She got out of the car and squeezed her legs together. “You good?” Tsuyotsume asked. “Huh? Yeah, I’m fine!” Chibana replied. “Let’s go.” Kurokumo ordered. The team entered through the back door of the building. Inside was a makeshift lab, and right there was the Alchemist, and another person who was walking back and forth with bottles of different chemicals.

Chibana was starting to get desperate, and felt a tiny leak. She squeaked in surprise, which made the Alchemist’s assistant look up. “You hear that?” They asked. The Alchemist looked around the room, his eyes locking onto the three intruders. “Ugh, you guys again? Not cool.” Kurokumo sighed. “Dammit Chibana, why’d you make a sound?” “S-sorry.” The girl said shyly. Her need to pee was getting hard to hide. She was shifting around, standing with her legs crossed. 

“Kenzo, take care of these clowns.” 

The assistant pulled out a small device, which he flicked the switch on. A shot of electricity came out of the device and headed straight for the three. Kurokumo jumped up and used his dark tendrils to create a shield. The electric blast bounced off. “Sir!” Tsuyotsume cried. “I’m fine. Take these two out.” Tsuyotsume ran forward with his sharp metal claws out. “Argh! Dammit!” The Alchemist yelled. He pulled a sphere out of his coat pocket and threw it at the boy. It exploded upon hitting the ground and blew Tsuyotsume backwards. 

“Chibana, don’t just stand there!” The captain yelled. “Uh- Yeah - S-sorry!” She created two green flames from the palms of her hands. The problem was, making these flames took concentration, and the girl could only concentrate on her bursting bladder. She used one of her hands to grab her crotch, squeezing her girldick closed. She moaned quietly, and tried to focus on the battle. She shot the ball of flames at the villains. As she did this more pee leaked out. “Ngghh! F-fuck!” She whispered. Kurokumo put his hand on her shoulder. “Chibana, are you alright?” She looked at the ground, and quietly mumbled, “I- I need to pee.” Kurokumo sighed.

“Why didn’t you go before we left?” “I did!” She replied. “I think there’s something wrong with me!” “There’s a bathroom nearby.” The captain said. “Go quickly, and join us. Me and Tsuyotsume can take care of this.” The girl ran off to search for the toilet, more and more leaking out. “Ohh my god… fuck fuck fuck! I can’t hold it anymore!” She ran into an alley and pulled out her dick, finally letting go. She moaned with relief. After about a minute she finished, checking the damage. There was a noticeable wet spot on her pants, so she took off her jacket and tied it around her waist. She then headed back to the warehouse to help her team, a big weight lifted of her.

*003*2024-01-15 23:36

CHAPTER 4:

Chibana ran back towards the warehouse. By the time they got there the villain had already been captured. “Chibana, are you feeling better?” Kurokumo asked. The girl blushed. “Y-yeah. I’m okay.” She looked over at Tsuyotsume, who was knocked out. “Ah! Is he alright!?” She asked, panicked. “He’s been put to sleep with one of those chemical blasts. He should be fine.” The captain assured her. “Come on. let’s go drop the Alchemist off at the police station.” They got in the car, and drove to the police station, and once again, Chibana started to need to pee again. “For fucks sake, really!?” The thought to herself. She crossed her legs, which helped a little bit. “I just gotta hold it until we get back to base.” The captain got back in the car, and they started driving.

“How much longer til we’re home?” Chibana asked. “twenty minutes or so.” Kurokumo answered. “Oh great.” Chibana thought has she crossed her legs tighter. She was usually good at holding it, but her bladder had been acting up. They went over a speed bump, and Izumi leaked a little, making a small squeal sound. “What’s wrong now?” Kurokumo asked. “N-nothing! I’m fine!” The girl answered, flustered. When they were only a few minutes away, things had started to get really bad. Chibana had her legs crossed, both hands squeezing her crotch and squirming in place.

She was grateful that Tsuyotsume was asleep, or he would definitely be making fun of her. Eventually they made it home, and the green haired girl rushed inside, sitting down on the toilet and letting go, sighing with relief. Once she was done, she realised that in her rush, she had forgotten to close the door, which meant everyone heard her. “Ughhhh whyyyyyy…” She whined. She flushed the toilet and snuck into her room, face red. She changed out of her slightly damp panties and uniform and put her casual clothes on. She laid down on her bed, scrolling through her phone, until she eventually fell asleep.

*005*2024-01-18 01:37

CHAPTER 5:

Izumi Chibana woke up in her room. She got out of bed and stood up, immediately doubling over and grabbing her crotch. Luckily she hadn’t wet the bed this time, but she was close. She ran to the bathroom, but it was locked. “Who’s in there?” She asked, stamping her foot impatiently. “I’m in the shower!” Tsuyotsume replied. “I need to pee!” The girl cried. “Yeah, yeah, I’m almost done.” He said. Chibana couldn’t wait another minute. She ran back to her room and grabbed the first thing she could find, a plastic water bottle she had lying around. Not having much of a choice, she unscrewed the lid, and tried to aim into the bottle. Unfortunately, that was easier said than done. By the time she had finished, about half of her piss had gone in the bottle the rest on the floor. The girl whined. “Guess I gotta clean this up.”

Then, she heard footsteps. “Oh shit…” She whispered. Tsuyotsume walked past her room, with a towel around his waist. “Bathrooms free-“ He stopped mid sentence. Both he and Chibana blushed deeply. “I can explain!” She said, panicked. “It’s not what it looks like, I just-“ The boy stopped her. “It’s okay.” He said calmly, but still blushing and looking away. “I won’t tell anyone, this could’ve happen to any of us.” Neither of them made eye contact. “T-thanks.” Chibana said shyly.

They stood there awkwardly until Tsuyotsume left. Chibana sighed in relief. She grabbed some towels and cleaned up the mess, then headed out to the living room. There was a box of cereal on the table, and Tsubasa and Kurokumo were sitting there eating. “Morning guys.” Chibana said. “Ah, Chibana! I have some information for you.” The captain said, putting down his spoon and leaving the room. He came back holding a container with the liquid from the bullet in it. After some more analysis, I’ve discovered that this liquid contains some sort of diuretic. That explains your recent bladder issues.”

“Oh, that makes sense I guess.” Chibana thought. “Now,” Kurokumo continued. “Me and Tsuyotsume need a third person as back up on our missions, and Tsubasa is too young at this time, which means we still need you out in the field. Because of this, I’ve come up with a solution, however you may not like it.” Chibana looked concerned. “What is it?” She asked nervously. The captain left the room again, coming out with a box. A box of adult diapers. 

“What!? You’re joking right???” Izumi squeaked, her face bright red. “Unfortunately, I am not.” Kurokumo replied. “You’re going to need to wear these while we’re out fighting crime.” “I can’t wear those! That’s so embarrassing!” The girl yelled. “I’m sorry Chibana, but this is the only solution.” She thought for a solution. “Look, if I can hold it for our next mission, can I not use the diapers?” She asked. The captain thought about the proposition. “Very well then. You have a deal.” He stated. Suddenly, the radio went off. Help was needed downtown where there had been an armed robbery. “Now’s your chance.” The captain said. “Everyone suit up. We need to get there quickly.”

