The Scavenger Hunt: Completely Losing Control

Author: ShareTea333

*000*2025-06-12 07:21

One of my favorite omo experiences happened when my group of friends and I went camping a few weekends ago. One afternoon, we had decided to play my favorite camping game: a scavenger hunt/hide-and-seek hybrid. The campsite we were staying at was in an area with lots of little mini trails and creeks and was perfect for it. The goal was to find and take pictures of a list of items, but the catch was that you couldn’t be seen by other teams while you were doing it. We all drew names out of a hat to decide the two-person teams and I was paired with Emma. Emma was someone I had met fairly recently through a mutual friend, so I figured it’d be a fun opportunity to get to know each other better.

We had all been sitting around the camp relaxing for awhile before we decided to play. When someone pitched the idea, we all circled up to review the rules, drew teams, and moved to sit next to our partner to make a quick strategy. As Emma and I started strategizing, I noticed her fidgeting a bit in her chair and began to wonder if she needed to pee. It had been a perfect opportunity for desperation sightings that whole weekend because the bathrooms were far and no one wanted to make the trek. It was also a hot day and I had noticed Emma drinking out of her giant water bottle quite a bit. I’m guessing she didn’t want to step away to use the bathroom while the rules were being explained or while we had an opportunity to strategize, but it wasn’t long before the game started and her chance to go had passed completely.

Our first strategy was to check anything off our list that we could find close to camp since we knew a lot of other teams would run for the trails. We ran around snapping pictures of different plants, signs, etc. on the list. Each time we stopped to take a photo, it became clear that Emma actually had to pee pretty bad. She would often cross her legs and bounce her front knee up and down, and if we stopped too long in any one spot, she would start to walk around in tiny circles making emphasized hip swings with each step. I could hear her breathing heavily behind me and from time to time she would make sharp exhales to try to relax her bladder.

As we headed off for the trails, we had to start being more careful about not being seen. We could hear people in the distance and it was hard to tell if it was our friend group or not. On one trail, we ducked into a tiny cave to stay out of view when we heard people coming. I could tell Emma was becoming more desperate by the minute and was really struggling now that she didn’t have much room to wiggle around. She started to march in place behind me, periodically pulling one knee up high and sucking air in. The sound of her marches steadily speeding up being me was almost too much to take. At one point, I heard her gasp and out of the corner of my eye I saw her sit down on a small rock and wiggle her bum around, desperate for relief. When we left the cave, I glanced back to see if there was a wet spot on the rock, but it was completely dry and I was honestly impressed!

Emma was wearing a cute romper with short shorts and a tank top. She’s generally reserved, and I can’t imagine she’d be bold enough to just squat and pee anyways, but her romper made it basically impossible to pee with people on the trails. As we continued to hunt for items on the list, she was walking briskly with her thighs held tightly together. When we got to a steep rocky incline on the trail, she looked worried. I offered to go first to check out which rocks were stable and started heading up.

When I glanced back to see if she was following, I saw that she had scurried off to the side of the trail was kneeling down in the dirt on one knee as if tying her shoe. She must have thought I would be focused straight ahead because she quickly slid her romper and underwear to the side and let out two short, hard jets of pee, one right after the other. She stood up again in a rush and scurried back, acting as if nothing had happened. I couldn’t believe that she was actually bursting to pee in front of me and was desperate for even temporary relief from the mounting pressure in her bladder.

As she started up the rocks behind me, it became clear that those two spurts of pee were definitely not enough. I was pointing out which rocks were safe and she kept having to stop and do a little pee dance while she figured out her next move to get up the steep incline. She was standing on a rock, bouncing her right leg and hip up and down when she lunged for her next step. She hesitated and got stuck with her legs spread wide open and one foot on each rock. With a panicked look on her face she grabbed her crotch tightly with one hand and outstretched her other hand toward me, pleading for me to help her.

As I reached down, I saw a small dark patch on the crotch of her romper where her hand was pressed hard against her pee hole. I quickly pulled her across where she instantly crossed her legs, grabbing her crotch and her bum with each hand. “Ahhhh, I have to pee soooooo bad”, she whined, now completely unable to hide it. We both started laughing, which only intensified her need. Her legs were crossed so tightly that she had to use one hand to lean on the tree next to her for balance as she thrust her pelvis back and forth to help hold in the flood. I tried to laugh it off and acted like she was exaggerating her need as a joke. We agreed to try to find the last few items as quickly as possible and head back towards the bathrooms.

It wasn’t long until we encountered an obstacle that was too much for Emma to take. When we came to a large overturned tree on the trail, I climbed over first and reached out my hand for Emma to follow. She had given up her attempts to hide how badly she needed to pee at this point, and as much as I felt for her struggle, it was amazing to witness. She stepped her first foot up onto the log and grabbed my hand while using her other to squeeze her crotch, but it wasn’t enough. As she frantically planned how to swing her other foot over, she started leaking hard spurts of pee through her fingers. Jet after jet of pee shot out and the hissing sounds mixed with her moans as she struggled to regain control was mesmerizing. Tiny streams of pee were cascading down her legs as she kept whispering “no, no, no, no, no!”

In one swift motion she swung her leg over the giant log to straddle it and began grinding her crotch into it as hard as possible. She was wiggling her bum in every possible direction and her legs were shaking with the effort it was taking to stop the flow. “Oh my god, I can’t hold it! I can’t hold it!” she repeated breathlessly. Suddenly she froze in place, our eyes locked, and in a panicked voice she exclaimed, “I can’t move or I’m going to pee myself!”

I looked back silently with an empathetic expression, still in shock this was actually happening. The second she lifted herself slightly from the log to try to make it the rest of the way over, pee started gushing out with a loud hissing sound. She immediately plopped back down to stop the flow, but each time she attempted to move again, pee continued to pour out of her. The sound of her pee bursting out of her each time and hitting the log was unbelievable. After a few more failed attempts she let out an exasperated groan and breathlessly whispered, "I can't..."

She leaned back with her legs still spread widely and released an absolute torrent of pee. She relaxed her head back and took a huge exhale. As she closed her eyes, I heard her moaning softly as relief spread through her whole body. The pee continued to pour out of her and made a puddle on the log before running down in little streams to the ground. It seemed like she was peeing forever, and even when she stopped at one point, she started again shortly after. When she finally finished peeing, she stayed in that position for a full minute, soaking in the pleasure of release and the calm of an empty bladder.

As she came back to reality, she gave me a look of complete disbelief. I quickly helped her off the log and reassured her that it was no big deal and there was no need to be embarrassed. On our walk back, she sat in a creek for a few minutes to wash off and I loved the idea that she was probably peeing even more. By the time we got back to camp to regroup with everyone she was dry again and no one had any reason to suspect a thing. It’s wild to know that only the two of us know about the adventure we had together that day.

###

Extra credit: What's a desperation and/or wetting scenario you have that you'd like to read a fiction story about? Maybe I'll use it as inspiration for my next one! (I prefer to write about potential real-life scenarios with realistic characters 🙂 )

