Big Hero Humilaton

Author: Splishy

*000*2020-03-27 16:05

My love of cartoon girls continues with Go Go from Big Hero 6. Another pretty simple and short story, I hope to get a longer one done here soon. Warning for messing, Hope you like it. Also any feedback is appreciated.

The city of San Fransokyo was always alive at night. Neon lights lit up the sky, almost giving the illusion of the sun. The streets were crowded with people, shopping, eating or just simply having a night out. On the surface, the city seemed to be a radiant place for fun and entertainment, but below the surface, it was a completely different story.

San Fransokyo had a huge crime problem. It wasn't just simple robberies and stick ups, it was deeper and worse than that. Gangs controlled the back alleys, hosting illegal robot fights and betting dirty money. Some criminals even rose above that, taking on supervillain status and terrorizing the good people of the city far beyond any organized crime.

However not everyone who lurked in the shadows at night had ill intentions for the innocent. One of those good people was Go Go Tomago. While most women her age were out shopping or giggling about boys, Go Go was zooming through the back alleys of the city looking for trouble. Go Go was one of the city's few superheroines.

Though she detested the title, she certainly looked the part. Even though she was short she had a strong, physical figure and a vulopuish rear. She wore a skintight black bodysuit with red lining which really showed off how powerful her lower half was. To top it off she had shiny yellow armor protecting her chest and arms, all sleek to make her more aerodynamic. She also wore a helmet made of the same material, with a tinted visor to hide her identity.

What topped her whole outfit off was what made her a superheroine. Connected to her metal boots was a set of magnetic discs which allowed her to speed through the city as if she was on rocket power rollerblades. She also had a second set attached to her arms that she would toss like frisbees or use a shield from attackers.

And Go Go was looking to use this suit, which while some of it was her own invention,was mostly created by the young super genius, Hiro Hamada. Normally she would fight alongside this genius and four of her friends to form the team known as Big Hero 6. Go Go however felt she was a cut above the rest of her teammates, not that she would tell them that, and loved to go out and patrol the city on her own.

Speeding through her city, Go Go looked in every corner, looking for some goon to take down. She had already thwarted a few purse thieves and one car jacking, but Go Go wanted to stop something a little more challenging. It wasn’t that fun to just sock someone in the chin and call it a day, no matter how good it felt. Plus, anyone could stop petty crime, and Go Go wasn't just anybody.

Just as she was about to call it quits and head home, the heroine heard the distinct sound of glass breaking coming from a warehouse she had just zipped by moments ago. Now, the sound of glass breaking didn’t necessarily mean a breaking and entering was occuring, but in Go Go’s experience, nine times out of ten, it did. She slowed down and turned right around, making a beeline for the warehouse.

As she came back up on the large metal building, she saw a white van that she missed before, pulled up to the side of the building. Go Go smirked a little beneath her helmet. It looked like she was finally gonna get her wish. She slowly began circling the warehouse, trying to find the intruders point of entrance. At first, she couldn’t locate any windows on the building, but on her third time around, she looked up at the roof, and the extended fire exit leading up to it. She climbed up to the roof, and her suspicions were confirmed, one of the many glass panels used to light in the warehouse during the day, was smashed open, with a rope leading down into the building.

Before she could even look down the shattered ceiling, she heard something else. The sound of one the docking bay doors being opened, followed by the sound of a car coming to life. Go Go zipped back to the edge of the building, seeing the white van driving around to the front and pulled into one of the docks below.

“Dang it.” She mumbled under her breath. “Too slow.”

She quickly made her way back down the fire escape, and slowly rolled her way over to the open loading dock, careful to try and stay out of sight. As she peered into the warehouse, she could see three goons, wearing black ski masks over their faces. Two of them were opening up crates with crowbars and the other was lifting goods into the back of their van.

Go Go grinned to the goons. This wasn’t going to be the challenge she was hopping for, but she still could belive how stupid these guys where acting. The heroine stretched her legs a bit and then zoomed into action. First she shot toward the goon caring goods, and knocked him off his feet with a swift kick to the legs. He smashed into the floor, with all that he was caring smashing into him, making a loud crash ring through the warehouse. The other two goons quickly turned to see what happened only for their faces to be met with yellow spinning discs, knocking a few teeth out before they fell to the ground with a groan.

Go Go snickered as one of the two goons tried to stand up, reaching for his crowbar. She swiftly threw another one of her disks at the man's hand, striking it with a lough crack. The goon shouted out in pain, and grabbed his now broken wrist, trying to sooth the pain.

“Stop whining, and woman up.” Go Go taunted the man. “You wimps never stood a chance against me. You think someone wouldn’t notice you?”

To Go Go’s surprise, the man actually let out a chuckle. “Look who's talking, dumbass. You think we didn’t notice your fatass circle this building over and over just to find an entrance point?”

“W-What!?” Go Go stammered as she took a step back. “Then why did you stay? You’re clearly outmatched, you could have just left and avoided me kicking your butt!”

“Because we called for backup, you cocky bitch.” Shouted the man, who now smiled with glee.

Almost as if on cue, Go Go heard the sound of cars pulling up with screech. She turned only two be momentarily blinded by two pairs of headlights, coming from two new vans. The back of each van popped open and more masked goons came out, but this time, they all looked ready for a fight. Some of them had metal pipes, others ignited their stun sticks, electric energy sparking off them. Soon Go Go found herself surrounded by at least a dozen fresh thugs.

“Y-You think you can take me!?” Gogo ready herself into a fighting position. “I’m not scared of you! Bring it!”

The goons grinned at the comment and moved in. Go Go dodged a flurry of bats and pipes, unable to retaliate. One of the goons lunged at her with his stun stick and jabbed her in the abdomen with it. An electric surge shot through her body and Go Go let out a piercing shriek. She stumbled back and then, so taken back from the electric shock, took a swing from a lead pipe across her head, then a crack of a bat across her chest and then a fist right back into her abdomen.

Despite taking all these hits, Go Go was still able to stay standing, mostly due to her armor, but also due to her own personal training and will power. But Go Go didn’t have time to admire her own will power any more, as she immediately was stuck again. A metal back smashed across her helmet, destroying her visor, revealing her face and knocking her into the cold concrete floor.

Go Go felt something she hadn't felt in a long time, she felt terrified. As she laid prone on the ground she couldn't find the will to get back up. Though she didn't want to admit it she was clearly in over her head. As the goons approached her she could feel her whole body shaking in fear.

“P-please! Stop! ! Y-you beat me, alright! I-I-I won’t tell anyone I promise! Just let me go!” Go Go pleaded, raising her trembling hands up in defence of any oncoming attacks. Before the men could even respond to her pleas they could help from breaking out into laughter. At first Go Go was confused but then she felt it.

A wet warm sensation started to spread around Go go’s rear and as the young woman looked down she saw her tight black spandex suit beginning to turn a darker shade of black. The black haired woman tried to stop herself but it was already too late. Her urine had already soaked her skimpy panties and was even flooding out of her tights. Go Go’s eyes began to swell up with tears as she saw a large yellow puddle growing from beneath her.

Go Go’s cheeks burned a crimson red. She tried to say something or even just move but her body was overwhelmed with the feelings of humiliation and terror. She hadn't wet herself in years and now her bladder just gave up all due to some lowly crooks. Go Go wanted nothing more than to just disappear or run but that wasn’t going to be an option for her. Once the goons stopped laughing hysterically at Go Go’s pathetic bodily reaction they proceeded to close in around her.

“You talked all that shit but this is who really are, isn't it?” sneered one of the goons she initially beat, holding a crowbar in his grip with malice intent. “Just a little girl soaking yourself with your own piss. Well you’re right about one thing, you’re not gonna tell anybody about what you saw tonight”

The man raised his bar up with a smirk, grinning down at the shaking woman. Instinctively

Go Go’s body, terrified, tried to urinate more, there was none left in her. Instead her body let out loud gassy noise as she rolled out of the way of the bat, just barely dodging the strike, landing on all fours. Altered by the humiliating noise her rear just made, Go Go tried to control herself this time, clenching her cheeks as hard as she could trying to avoid further humiliation, but her body had different plans for her.

Within seconds a rather large log of waste slid its way into the women's pants, tenting her spandex in a painfully obvious way. Another wave of laughter erupted from the goons. At this moment, Go Go was fully bawling, unable to fully comprehend the mix of fear and humiliation she was experiencing, which was only made worse as another log of crap pushed itself into her suit with little resistance. Slowly she turned her spandex clad rear brown and lumpy with waste, as each log that came out slowly pressed together into a large enough mess to cover nearly every inch of her already large bottom.

“Did you really just shit yourself? Jeez, lady, maybe it’s you who needs to woman up.” The goon waved his hand in front of his nose. “And what the hell are you eating? This is disgusting.” The man poked her rear with his crowbar, pushing her growing mess down her thigh.

“I think it’s time to finally end this masquerade of heroism.” The man aimed his weapon at Go Go's head and wound up his swing. Go Go tried to prepare to dodge but the large amount of crap set her off balance and she simply ended up landing on her butt, causing more discomfort and humiliation. All she could do was let out a shriek of terror. But before the swing could connect the sound of sirens filled the warehouse and the walls began to flash red and blue.

“Shit! It's the cops, let's go!” Shouted one of the men loudly as the rest cursed in unison all, of them making a break for their vehicles. Within seconds the pathetic smelly heroine went from the thug's top priority to the last thing on their minds. They moved so quickly Go Go barely had time to take it all in, but she knew she had an opening. She had already humiliated herself in front of a dozen goons.The last thing she needed was for the law enforcement to question her with pants full of crap and urine dripping down her leg.

Go Go forced herself to stop crying long enough to make sure her blades were intact enough to move and quickly rolled out of the warehouse, blasting past a few surprised police officers as she went. She could only hope they didn't make a connection between her and the large urine puddle in their investigation. Keeping to the darkest alleyways she could, the young heroine tried to keep away from public view as she knew her mess and stain would be impossible to hide.

As she sped her way to her apartment, she could feel the mushy legs of crap slowly slide down her leg with every moment. The feeling was embarrassing. It was hard for her not to break out in tears again. She didn't even know where to begin with what just happened to her. It all felt surreal, like some sort of twisted nightmare. She had never felt so pathetic, so powerless in her life, but here she was. Maybe the worst part about it was just how damaged her suit was. It was far beyond her fixing capabilities, but she couldn't take her shit stained spandex to its young creator for repairs and keep what little pride she had left. But that was an issue for tomorrow. Right now, Go Go needed a shower. A long hot shower.

*002*2020-03-29 20:07

{{On 3/27/2020 at 11:10 AM, The Shark said:

Very hot! Love a girl in tight spandex having an accident. A simple yet great story!

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you liked it.

{{21 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

That was pretty fun. Gogo is certainly a prime target for some accidents.

}}

I (obliviously) agree. She a very good target. I'm a little bit surprised I've never seen any works with her. But I'm glad you enjoyed it though, thanks!

