STP

Author: secretomoact

*009*2022-02-05 18:11

Avery was really looking forward to getting back to his apartment. He and Lydia had been paired up for a project at school, and he could barely wait to get to spend more time with her. More than that, however, Avery could barely wait to get to the toilet in the apartment. His bladder was practically on fire, and his desire to look comfortable and relaxed in front of Lydia was making it very difficult for him to do much of anything to help tamper down the need.

He really should have gone before he’d left school for the day. He’d known he’d needed to go then, the school had plenty of men’s rooms he could have stopped off at before exiting through the doors. Only one of the ones he’d passed had any sort of line and it wasn’t even very long. He could have gone then. He should have gone then.

But, after the day at the restaurant where Lydia had seen him get so utterly desperate, Avery now felt a little… Well, not ‘ashamed’ exactly, but certainly pretty shy about telling her he needed to visit the toilet. It was a silly thing to feel, Lydia hadn’t even brought up the earlier emergency she’d been witness too, and certainly didn’t seem to care, but as he and Lydia headed out of the school, the words “Wait here a second, gotta hit the restroom first,” refused to form on his tongue.

It wouldn’t be far to his apartment, anyway. And he didn’t have to go that bad!

But, then came the subway ride. Avery had lived in New York long enough to learn that the subway moved incredibly fast and would get him to his apartment and, more important, the toilet inside of it at lightning speed. But, Avery hadn’t lived in New York long enough to learn that sometimes the subway got delayed. And when that happened, it definitely didn’t move very fast.

The slightly uncomfortable pressure in his bladder poked at him a little more fiercely as he stood on the subway and waited for it to start moving. Avery wished he could sit down, that way if he crossed his legs it would at least look casual and not like he was holding in his pee. But, it was crowded, all the seats were already taken. And the idea of asking someone if they could trade places with him, of potentially annoying them or making them angry, was too frightening to Avery. He understood that people who were elderly, pregnant or had certain medical problems could be given priority for seats, but Avery didn’t think that ‘really needing a restroom’ was one of the medical problems that counted.

So, he’d just stood there, trying not to sway too obviously with Lydia right beside him. She talked to him some, told him how irritating the delays could get, but it was obvious she had no idea of exactly HOW irritated Avery was by it. He wondered if subway stations had bathrooms. He’d never had to go this badly while in one before, so he’d never had any reason to check. He tried to remember if he’d ever seen a sign for one down here before, but he couldn’t recall anything.

He considered asking Lydia if there was a toilet in the station he could go use really quick. But, once again, those words wouldn’t come. If Lydia found out he had to pee, she’d know how badly, she’d know how he’d been holding it, and she’d remember all of his humiliating squirming from the previous incident. He tried to ignore those worries; ‘What’s more embarrassing?’ he asked himself. ‘Asking Lydia about the restroom NOW when it’s not an emergency, or holding it until it IS one?’

Just as he’d gotten up the nerve to ask, the subway train finally began to move. His chance to pee was gone now. He just had to wait until he was home. He felt confident he could still manage that, even if it was uncomfortable. He tried to listen to what Lydia was saying, but she was talking about sport statistics, something which Avery could barely understand on the best of days. Today, while nursing an aching bladder, talk of ‘batting averages’ sounded like Lydia was speaking Italian. “What do you think?” Lydia asked suddenly.

Avery balled his hands into fists and sucked in his breath around his teeth. He felt vulnerable now, Lydia’s eyes were on him and he was scared his need was apparent on his face. “Um… Yeah.”

Lydia blinked at him.

Avery shuffled his feet together, trying not to raise either of them off the floor. He knew if he lifted one for a second, the other would follow, and he’d begin dancing from side to side, stepping in place in clear need of a toilet. Lydia wasn’t always the best at picking up on body language or facial cues, but he was pretty sure she’d be able to tell what his pee-dance meant if he allowed himself to perform it.

“What do you mean, yeah?”

Avery was sweating from the strain in his center and the knowledge that he was doubtlessly embarrassing himself again. “I’m… I’m sorry. I was thinking about… The project,” he decided. Lydia was still looking at him, and Avery couldn’t possibly allow himself to fidget his feet or cross his legs now. He had to act normal, but his bladder didn’t seem to care about what ‘normal’ was and was doing everything it could to force him to start performing an embarrassing little dance.

“Oh,” Lydia said. “Yeah, I guess we should start talking about that, huh?” And, she did. Avery could follow that conversation a little better, but the mounting pressure agitating his sphincters wasn’t making it easy. He felt a sudden jolt in his middle, followed by a single, solitary little drop leaking from the confines of his bladder. It made him gasp with his teeth clenched down as he fought to regain control of himself. He managed to stop after that one drop, but all the others were violently knocking against his opening, demanding to join it and be set free.

Finally, they arrived at the proper stop, and Avery once more considered asking Lydia if there was a toilet in the station he could use. He wasn’t looking forward to carting his bladder up the steps to leave the station. Nor was he very eager about dragging it the last couple blocks to his apartment. But, he WAS really close to being home, and if given the choice between peeing at home and peeing in a public restroom, he would always choose home. There was no need to worry about someone seeing him enter the restroom at home and deciding he’d gone into the wrong one. There was no need to worry that someone would think the position he stood in as he urinated looked strange. There was no need to worry that someone would accidentally glance down at him and notice his prosthetic wasn’t exactly the same color as the rest of his skin.

He knew these things were silly to worry about to begin with. The first thing had only happened one time, before he’d moved to New York. And the other two things had never happened at all. He knew no one cared enough about him to scrutinize what kind of stance he took at the urinal, and that if anyone looked at his dick long enough to notice the color was off, then they were the one doing something wrong and not him. But, no matter how many times he reassured himself, no matter how many times he said ‘I look like a regular guy, and I pee standing up, so why would anyone question a thing when I’m in the restroom?’ it never quite sunk in or felt real.

Being able to go standing up had significantly boosted his confidence in public toilets, but everything around that and leading up to that still made him nervous. Yes, once he unzipped at a urinal and let it flow, anyone who could have been thinking about being an ass to him would probably leave him be. But, first he had to get TO the urinal, and if someone stopped him BEFORE that, he’d come apart. He’d be terrified and shaking, and he’d just confirm whatever awful things they’d been thinking about him.

He felt confident and sure of himself when he actually PEED in a public restroom, he just needed to find a solution that would allow him to feel that way as he ENTERED one as well. And, for now, he didn’t have the answer to that. So, for now, since he was so close to home, that would have to be where he relieved his overburdened bladder this time.

Avery followed Lydia out of the station, more than ready to make a long awaited trip to the restroom. He was grateful that he was finally so close, surely only minutes away from relief, until he felt his bladder spasm painfully as he climbed the stairs to leave. Nearly doubling over on himself, he let out a mix of a pained groan and strained yelp as he felt like those minutes suddenly multiplied. Now that he was walking, now that he was moving around instead of standing in one place, his bladder was being jostled and knocked around inside of his body, every impact making its threats to spray its contents down Avery’s legs louder and louder.

Avery had fallen completely silent even while Lydia continued talking to him. It was impossible to reply while fighting against a bladder that constantly demanded for release. When they stopped at a crosswalk and waited for the light to change, Avery crossed his legs involuntarily and squeezed them together along with his thighs. “Mnnn…” he mumbled, trying not to begin jiggling up and down and making his condition even more obvious.

Lydia turned and looked at him. “Did you say something?”

Avery shook his head and forced himself to straighten out. ‘You’re almost there,’ he promised his bladder. ‘So close. Just a little bit longer.’

The light changed and they walked across the street. Avery started panicking internally as he felt his liquid sloshing and a few more eager drops spurting out, threatening to burst into a real stream at any moment. ‘Whyyyy didn’t I just go at school?!’ Avery screamed at himself in his mind. How could he have been so dumb? Surely telling Lydia to hang on a minute while he hosed down a urinal would have been less humiliating than pissing his pants in front of her! And that second thing was starting to look like a distinct possibility!

In an effort to prevent himself from any further involuntary releases, Avery kept his thighs clenched and walked without letting his knees bend very much. He knew he probably looked very strange, like he was doing some sort of bizarre march a villain’s henchmen would do in a movie, but it took some of the edge off his need so he did it anyway.

Lydia noticed his weird walk and laughed; “What are you doing?!”

Avery immediately forced himself to stop. “N—Nothing,” he stammered, realizing they were finally at his building. The small apartment he shared with his uncle was several floors up. Sometimes he took the stairs to reach it, but today that was an impossibility.

Lydia liked to run up stairs though, as a form of exercise. “I—I know you like to work out on stairs and stuff, but let’s take the elevator today,” Avery whispered frantically. His feet started stepping in place despite his best efforts.

“Um, alright,” Lydia said. “Oh, if I run up the stairs as fast as I can, I bet I could beat the elevator to your floor!” she said excitedly.

“Y—You won’t be able to get in without a key,” Avery reminded, his voice clearly straining.

“Oh, right,” Lydia said.

As soon as she’d said that, Avery had taken her by the wrist and escorted her quickly through the building’s lobby and to the elevator. ‘There need to be restrooms in the lobby!’ Avery thought. ‘Why aren’t there any!?’ Didn’t the people who designed the building understand that sometimes a resident would just need to go SO badly that making it up to their apartment was too big of a challenge!?

Once inside the elevator, Avery frantically jabbed at the button for his floor. ‘Hurry,’ he begged the elevator. ‘Hurry, hurry, hurry! I’m gonna burst!’ Almost on cue upon having that thought, two things happened; First, the elevator jolted to a stop, and the buttons went dim as their lights went out. Two, the pressure against Avery’s opening grew even more and made a slow trickle seep into his clothing.

“Ohhhh,” Avery moaned weakly. ‘No, no, no, no, no… Please, no. Not now. Please! Lydia’s right here!’ While he spent several seconds fighting to regain control of his poor, tired muscles, Lydia began to speak again.

“It’s okay,” Lydia said. “I’ve been stuck in elevators before, and it usually gets fixed really fast!”

Avery didn’t think ANYTHING could possibly be fast enough for him at this point. Unless it resulted in getting him to a toilet thirty minutes ago, it wasn’t quick enough! Still, he tried to smile and pretend like he wasn’t on the edge of spilling his bladder all over the floor. “That’s good!” he said, clenching his muscles as hard as he could.

Just like at the crosswalk, his legs tied themselves into a knot. But, this time around, he wasn’t able to stop himself from jiggling. And, when a whimper fell from his lips, it was implausibly loud in the tiny room.

“You are… claustrophobic?” Lydia guessed as she studied him. It was obvious he was really freaked out, and he certainly didn’t look comfortable.

“Yesss… No…. I don’t know…” Avery managed. He doubled over then, using his hands to help press his straining thighs even tighter together. He continued to bob up and down, sweat pouring down his face. This was bad. This was so, so bad… He was gonna pee his pants, and he was gonna do it in front of Lydia. She may not have teased him for getting desperate at the pizza restaurant, but he didn’t think ANYONE could resist teasing someone his age after they’d flooded their clothes in an elevator…

“Avery?” Lydia said. “Are you sick?”

Avery had to pee so badly he actually felt like he was going to throw up… “N— I don’t think so!” he managed. ‘Toilet, please…’

“… Do you have to pee?” Lydia tried again.

“YES!” Avery cried out. “I really, really have to go! So bad!” Now that he’d admitted his need, he couldn’t stop his desperate, needy babbling. Even as the words being ejected from his mouth made him blush and flush hot with embarrassment, he kept on talking. “I’ve been holding it for so long, I can’t wait anymore!” It was as if since he was using every ounce of strength to keep his bladder from releasing an uncontrollable stream, his mouth had decided to take its place and unleash an uncontrollable stream of words instead. “I’m gonna wet myself! I feel like I’m gonna die if I don’t pee!”

“…Um, okay,” Lydia interjected through Avery’s urgent rambling. “Wow… I… I’ve never seen anybody our age have an accident before…”

Lydia had a terrible habit of speaking without thinking about it, and being incredibly blunt. Often, she would think she was saying something perfectly nice and normal, only to find out later that she’d upset someone else or made them uncomfortable. She never, ever meant to do it, just… Words were confusing for her sometimes.

‘I’ve never seen anybody our age have an accident before’ had definitely NOT been something Avery needed to hear in that moment. As soon as the words left her lips, Lydia knew they’d been the wrong ones by the way he immediately turned away from her and crouched down in a corner, rocking back and forth, obviously painful with need. “I can’t hold it…” he continued to whimper. “I can’t… I have to go… I can’t wait…”

“I didn’t mean it like that!” Lydia quickly amended, but she knew it was too late. She’d hurt Avery’s feelings without meaning to at all… She frantically tried to think of how to make it better. “And, it’s okay! I won’t laugh at you when you pee yourself!”

Avery scrunched up further.

That hadn’t worked… Lydia felt awful. Why did she say such stupid stuff all the time? Why couldn’t she figure out how to talk to people normally? It was like everyone else on Earth had been given a ‘How To Communicate With Humans’ handbook when they were born and Lydia had been skipped over for some reason.

She wanted Avery to feel better, and she had a feeling the only thing that COULD make him feel better would be having an empty bladder that HADN’T been drained out into his pants. The elevator still wasn’t moving, though… Lydia took off her bag and dug around in it until she found what she’d been looking for; A large water bottle that she’d drained earlier in the day. As Lydia participated in a lot of athletic activities, the bottle was very big; Certainly large enough to hold poor Avery’s bladder.

Could Avery pee in a bottle though? The opening was kinda tiny, and Lydia wasn’t really sure how his stand-to-pee thingy worked and if he could hit smaller targets without making a mess. It couldn’t hurt to make the offer, she supposed. “Avery, can you pee in bottles?”

Avery jumped a little, a small amount of urine snaking past his defenses once more. “What?”

“I have an empty bottle,” Lydia said. “But, the opening on it is small, and I didn’t know if—“

“Give it, give it!” Avery begged, suddenly wanting that bottle more than he wanted a winning lottery ticket. He hadn’t ever peed into a bottle before, but he was already thinking about how it would work. If he stood up, unzipped, cupped his prosthetic underneath himself and pressed it nice and tight against his body like he was supposed to, then he could hold the bottle in his other hand and just place its opening right below the opening of his prosthetic. Then, he could pee! He could finally pee! He could pee and pee and—

In front of Lydia…

He could whip out his dick and loudly piss into a bottle with Lydia standing right there.

When Lydia handed Avery the bottle, she’d expected to hear his zipper coming down right afterward, but it didn’t.

‘Come on!’ Avery tried to psyche himself up. He cringed as he stood back upright. His bladder lurched at the movement, threads and dribbles of urine cascading down his legs. He stomped his feet, trying to get them to stop. ‘What’s more embarrassing? Going in the bottle, or going in your pants? ‘Cause ONE of those is gonna happen in the next five minutes!’

Lydia was confused, worried that Avery had decided the opening was too little for him after all and that the bottle wouldn’t work. Or, worse, maybe he’d already wet himself? But, the elevator didn’t smell funny, and Lydia hadn’t heard any splashing coming from his direction. “Avery?”

“Can you… Stand as far away from me as possible?” Avery pleaded. He knew that wouldn’t be very far at all with how small the elevator was, but he just… He just couldn’t have her RIGHT there… “And, just look at the wall, okay? And try not to listen?”

Oh… So, he was just shy. Lydia certainly hadn’t been planning to watch him go, but if he needed her further away, that was fine. She did as he’d asked. “Okay!” she said. “Let’er rip!”

Avery wasn’t sure if it was possible for his face to feel any warmer. “Ack! Don’t say that!” he managed to choke out. To give himself a little more privacy, he unzipped his jacket and wrapped it around his waist. The leaking was constant now, and he knew his jeans were likely visibly damp.

“S—Sorry!” Lydia said. She’d only been trying to lighten the mood. This whole thing had felt weirdly tense.

Avery unscrewed the cap on the bottle then reached underneath his jacket for the zip on his pants, giving it an urgent tug. Finally, he pulled himself free, and after a few very quick adjustments, he knew his prosthetic and the bottle were both right where he needed them. It was over. He could go. He was safe.

He finally allowed himself to relax. His wavering, shuddering leaks instantly transformed into a cascading waterfall of relief. Pee loudly tinkled agains the material of the bottle and Avery sighed contentedly, his body at long last able to do what it had needed to do for so long. “Haaaahhhh…Yeah, that’s the stuff…”

Lydia had to try very hard not to laugh at that noise, and it was even more difficult not to crack up at the remark that followed it. And he’d scolded her for saying ‘let’er rip?’ She was trying to do as Avery asked and not listen, but it was a little hard not to listen to the only sound in the room. Especially when it was so loud. The only noises present in the elevator were that of Avery’s heavy breaths and his pee spraying forcefully against itself in the bottle.

‘Holy crap,’ Lydia thought after enough time had passed and Avery was still gushing like a busted fire hydrant. ‘He REALLY had to go…’ She started to feel a little worried about him, she knew it wasn’t healthy to hold in urine for very long, and from the way Avery’s release sounded, Lydia wouldn’t be surprised if this was the first pee he’d had in a week!

Avery shut his eyes, trying to forget about where he was and who he was with so he could just concentrate on the way the tension slowly flowed out of his bloated body. He could actually feel his bladder shrinking inside of him, deflating itself back to its proper size. It felt so wonderful. His mouth hung open as he continued to pour out his burden. “Ohhh….” he sighed again breathily as a shiver worked its way up from the soles of his feet to the top of his head. After a final few pulses, Avery finally felt the glorious emptiness of a freshly drained bladder. He gave his STP a good shake before tucking it back into his boxers.

He pulled the bottle back out from underneath the concealment of his jacket. Since it had been hidden away the whole time he’d been peeing, he’d only been able to judge how full he was making it by how heavy and warm it had gotten in his hand. He’d assumed he must have only filled it up half way or so, but when he saw how much fluid he’d actually pumped into it, he was very grateful he’d finished up when he had. He’d very nearly overflowed it! He screwed the cap back into place, and zipped up. He decided to leave his jacket where it was, positive he must have had a visible wet spot on his jeans somewhere. He exhaled heavily and set the bottle down on the ground before slumping against the wall.

“… All done?” Lydia asked after a moment.

“Y…Yeah,” Avery said, certain he was still bright red. He’d… Peed in front of Lydia. He’d peed into Lydia’s water bottle in front of her! Sure, she’d said he could, but still! That bottle was probably ruined now that it had been used as a urinal… “I’m really sorry. I just… Couldn’t—“

“I know, you couldn’t hold it,” Lydia said. “You said that about five hundred times.”

Avery blushed more, “Sorry…” he repeated.

“It’s okay,” Lydia said. “You needed that, it’s alright. Don’t feel bad.”

Even with as embarrassed as Avery was, he didn’t have it in him to feel bad. His body felt so light and floaty that he couldn’t help but feel good. “Your… Bottle,” he said. “It—“

“Can be washed,” Lydia interrupted. “And, if not, I can just get another one. It’s just a bottle. If your bladder ended up exploding you wouldn’t be able to replace it.”

“I don’t think it could have actually exploded,” Avery said, starting to laugh. “I mean, it definitely FELT like it was gonna, but I don’t think it’s possible for that to really happen.”

“Still, you could have hurt yourself,” Lydia said. “Try to go more often, okay? I know you get scared in public, but if anyone ever tries to hurt you, I’ll beat them over the head with a hockey stick.”

Avery felt better. Even after all that, Lydia hadn’t teased him. She’d expressed nothing but concern. Maybe he could trust Lydia better than he could most people.

*010*2022-02-06 17:01

Avery felt like his bladder was twisting up on itself like a cheap balloon animal. He felt like an over-inflated beach ball was pushing against the interior of his skin. He felt like there was so much excess liquid in his body that even his bones were beginning to fill up with it.

Avery needed a urinal in the worst way.

The reason for his predicament was rather simple; He’d failed to have his morning piss. It wasn’t for lack of trying, however. Avery always drank a glass of water before bed because it helped him sleep, but it also meant he’d be bursting by the time he woke up. Just as he did every morning, he scurried from his bedroom and down the hall to the toilet, dying to flood it. But, this morning something was different; There was a note on the door to the restroom from Avery’s uncle. It explained that there was an issue with the plumbing in Avery’s apartment building, and until someone came and fixed it, Avery was not supposed to use the toilet.

Avery whimpered as he read the note, shifting from foot to foot. His Uncle Brad came down the hall then, and Avery noticed he was a little squirmy himself. “Can’t I go if I just don’t flush?” were the first words out of Avery’s mouth.

Uncle Brad watched his pee-dancing nephew for a moment, obviously wanting to tell him ‘yes’. “They said not to,” he said. “The people who own the building, I mean…”

Avery cringed, stomping his feet hard into the floor. His bladder was very used to being drained within minutes of him being awake, this prolonged period of holding seemed to have confused it. It felt like his bladder was being held beneath a running faucet, it was expanding and growing heavier and heavier with fluid by the second. He didn’t want to get his uncle into trouble, however. His uncle had done so much for him since he’d taken him in. The last thing Avery would ever want to do is cause him problems. Still… “I really, really have to go,” Avery said, though that was rather obvious from the way he was twisting at the hips and shuffling in place.

“I know,” Uncle Brad replied. “I do too, believe me, this was not what I wanted to wake up to today. I’ll go when I get to work, you can go when you get to school.”

Avery grimaced at that. The ride to school was going to feel very, very long with such a full bladder. He was trying to think of somewhere he could stop off at between the apartment building and the subway that would be open and have a toilet he could use without buying anything. Frustratingly, he couldn’t think of anything, the closest McDonald’s or Starbucks from here were both in the opposite direction the subway station. He’d risk being late to school trying to get to one of them. Still, he nodded at his uncle, not thinking he had any other choice.

The walk down to the subway was awfully painful, and as he took the stairs down into it, each step made his bladder pinch. Every time his heels hit the ground, he would feel his sphincters flex and flutter, trying their hardest to keep the flood where it belonged. He glanced at his immediate surroundings for a bit, hoping the station would have a restroom he could use, but he didn’t see a sign for one anywhere and when the train arrived he knew he didn’t have the time to keep looking.

He boarded the train and took a seat, one hand digging its nails into the top of his knee when his waistband compressed his bladder. When the train became to move quickly and bumpily down the track, he ground his teeth together and tried to remind himself that, even if the jostling beneath his feet was making it harder for him to hold on, the train was at least speedily taking him in the direction of much needed relief.

The ride to school felt about two hours longer than usual. Avery’s legs kept crossing beneath him as he hoped that everyone else onboard was too tired in the early morning hours to notice his needy fidgeting and figure out what it meant. When the doors slid open at his stop, Avery stood up much too quickly and felt a spurt of urine glide smoothly into his boxers. He pressed his thighs together tight as he hurried off the train, his dribbly leak continuing down his legs with each step. ‘Almost there,’ Avery thought. ‘Almost there…’ He’d absolutely NEVER been this eager to get to school before in his life. Just the thought of bursting through the door of one of the men’s rooms, planting himself in front of the nearest urinal and letting it all go made him—

Lose yet another jet of pee into his clothes. He doubled over slightly, hands kneading themselves between his legs as he tried to cut off his flow. ‘Hold it…’ he begged his body as he took slow, hunched over steps towards the staircase.

The staircase.

That thing was sure to be the death of him.

The instant he raised one of his feet to put it on the first step, he was leaking up a storm. His legs snapped back together and he jiggled on the spot trying once more to clamp himself back shut. He managed it after a moment, but when he tried the stairs again, the same thing happened once more. If he parted his legs too far, he peed.

He took a deep breath and made himself run up the stairs, trying to minimize the damage to his jeans. He felt himself going more and more the higher up the staircase he got and by the time he was finally outside, he could barely get himself to stop. His legs squeezed firmly against one another, then began to coil together. He was nearly folded in half on top of himself as he forced himself to walk the final block to school. Along the way, quite a few alleyways looked amazingly tempting. They looked like Heaven. He practically salivated as he passed each one, his bladder slamming around inside his middle, throwing a tantrum and begging him to take it THERE and let it empty out!

But, he couldn’t. Not when it was so bright outside. He could be seen. He was to the point that he honestly didn’t care if someone watched him pee; If it meant his bladder could be empty, he’d give a free show to whoever wanted one. But, he did care if a COP watched him pee. He did care if he got into trouble, if he had to call his uncle and tell him he’d been picked up for public urination and needed help with the fine.

Avery had to hold it. He just had to. He trudged on. Luckily, he hadn’t lost any more spurts since he’d left the subway station, the majority of his urine was still where it belonged. When he passed through the gates of the school, his bladder began to loosen itself. There was a men’s room right after the entrance hall, right there on the left, less than a minute away now. Less than a minute, and he’d be peeing. Less than a minute, and he’d have relief.

He entered the school at last and hobbled through the entrance hall, he was about to push open the door to the hallway that contained the restroom, that contained freedom, when he felt his arm being grabbed. He jumped, startled at the sudden contact, and allowed a squirt of pee to leak past his defenses. He turned to see one of his teachers, Ms. Johnson. “Avery,” she said. “Could I talk to you for a moment.”

‘No,’ Avery thought. ‘You can’t talk to me for a moment. I don’t HAVE a moment. In a moment, this whole building’s gonna be flooded after I’ve exploded unless you let me use a toilet right freaking now!’ He thought all of that, but that wasn’t what he said. Instead, what Avery said was “Okay.” Even though he was the absolute furthest thing from ‘okay’ that could possibly exist. Even though he felt like his body was a ticking time bomb that would burst at any second. Even though he had to pee so badly and had already started having an accident.

Because, when a teacher asked to talk for a moment, that usually meant something was wrong, that usually meant Avery was in trouble for something. And, even if he wasn’t in trouble, his teacher may need something, and letting people down, causing them the slightest hint of inconvenience, made Avery’s stomach flip and do cartwheels through his body.

So, even if it felt like Avery’s very life depended upon getting himself in front of a urinal within the next fifteen seconds, he still said “Okay.”

Ms. Johnson led him from the entrance hall and into one of the other hallways; One that didn’t contain a restroom. Avery wasn’t sure whether to be grateful for that or not. If there had been a restroom, maybe he could have worked up the nerve to tell her that he really, REALLY had to use it before he did anything else… But, he doubted it. In all likelihood, if there were a restroom in this hallway he would have just stared at it longingly, his mouth welded shut as he fought to remember how to talk, and if his luck was really bad he’d hear a toilet flush from inside of it and that would all be too much and he’d pee all down his legs in an instant.

Ms. Johnson took Avery into her classroom. She sat behind her desk and pulled out the last thing Avery had written for an assignment. Avery squirmed his hips and bent double at the waist as he stood halfway between the doorway and the desk, his legs not wanting to try to carry his bloated body any further. He was trying not to contort himself too ridiculously, but that was a lost cause. His legs were trying to twist themselves into new shapes that were so complex they didn’t even have names. The word ‘pretzel’ could not have even done justice to the current agonized tangle Avery had managed to turn himself into.

“Don’t be nervous,” Ms. Johnson said as she looked at him.

Avery couldn’t not be nervous. His teacher wanted to talk with him, and he had about five seconds before he peed all over everything in a twenty mile radius. At least she didn’t seem to think his squirming and bouncing were because he was trying not to wet his pants, it was a little less embarrassing that way.

“You’re not in any trouble,” Ms. Johnson said. “I just wanted to let you know, the personal essay you turned in last week brought me to tears.”

Avery was shaking from more than just an absolutely frantic need to void his poor, over-taxed bladder. He’d thought the essay he wrote was garbage, but he didn’t think it was THAT bad. “S—Sorry,” he squeaked out, struggling to form words past the insurmountable weight of his shyness and the ridiculously heavy boulder that was his bladder.

“Don’t be,” Ms. Johnson said. “The emotion you conveyed here was… stunning,” she said. “You really made me feel everything that you felt.”

“W—Wait, you mean it was good?” Avery asked. Avery had rarely been told anything about him was good, his uncle and Lydia were the only two people who seemed to place Avery above ‘Blood Sucking Tics’ in their lists ranking things that existed. He wished that he didn’t have to pee so badly now, he would have enjoyed the opportunity to have an actual discussion with Ms. Johnson about his essay.

She did try to talk to him about it, but Avery just needed a urinal so much that it was hard to respond. The emotions the discussion brought up for Avery were also making it a lot harder for him to hold it. The essay was basically his life story, about how his parents had sent him to conversion therapy and then disowned him when he failed to change afterwards. How he’d lost everything, his parents, his home, his pet dog, all at once. How he’d left the only place he ever knew when he was taken in by his uncle, coming to a brand new city that was completely different in every way from anything about the place he grew up.

When Ms. Johnson asked him about his parents, he started to leak. But, he was leaking from his eyes this time, and when he hitched out a sob, the walls of his poor bladder compressed inwards and he was leaking from there again, too. His legs tightened and he doubled over even further, pleading with his body to stop.

“It’s alright, Avery,” Ms. Johnson said. “If you have to cry, you can cry. I just wanted to make sure you were okay.”

Avery looked up at her, teary-eyed. He wasn’t okay. His parents were monsters, they didn’t deserve his love if they were going to withhold theirs from him for no good reason, but knowing that didn’t make him stop loving them. Knowing that didn’t make him stop WANTING their love. He wished he just didn’t have to want it. He wished he could just be okay without his parents caring about him. How could he want affection from people that were so terrible? How could he lose hours of sleep over people that weren’t worth even a second of his time?

He wanted to say all that to Ms. Johnson, but when he opened his mouth, he felt an awful spasm rock through his bladder, making it squeeze and convulse with the most urgent, vicious pangs he’d ever felt in his life. Sheer need ricocheted through his entire body. His bladder was full of pee. His stomach was full of pee. His bones were full of pee. His brain was full of pee. He was nothing but pee, and if he didn’t go let it out his body was sure to collapse in on itself and turn into a huge puddle. “Nnnh—!”

“It’s alright,” Ms. Johnson said. She stood from her desk and came around to hug Avery. “You didn’t deserve to be treated that way. You’re a very sweet, compassionate young man and if someone can’t see that, then it’s their loss…”

This was exactly what Avery needed to hear, but he was struggling to process it because he needed to hear the words “Would you like to use the restroom?” even more.

The bell began to ring as Ms. Johnson spoke soothingly to him. Avery was going to have to get to first period now. There was no time to pee beforehand. First period was over an hour long. Avery couldn’t wait that long. He’d have an accident. He was practically already having one now. He’d totally have one in first period. He’d absolutely soak himself. He’d soak himself right there in the classroom, in front of everyone.

“Class is starting,” Ms. Johnson said. “I wish we had more time.”

Avery wished he had more time too…

“If you ever need anything, I’m here for y—“

“A—A late pass,” Avery blurted out. “F—For first period. Please.” His voice was cracking and squeaking, it sounded higher than ever to his ears and that made him want to tear out his own vocal cords.

“You need a minute t—“

“I want to use the restroom,” Avery said. God. That was an understatement. He didn’t just want the restroom, he was starting to think he’d cut off an arm for it! “The plumbing’s out at my apartment, I haven’t gone since last night.”

Ms. Johnson looked at him for a moment, then hurried to her desk and scribbled down a note as fast as she could. “Please, say something sooner next time,” she said as she handed him the note.

Avery could tell she felt bad for unwittingly keeping him from a badly needed toilet break, but he didn’t have time to apologize now. He just took the note in one trembling hand and moved from the room as fast as he could manage to. His brain was turning to static now, alarm bells ringing through it, red flashing sirens erupting all over his mind. ‘GOTTA PEE! GOTTA PEE! NOW! NOW!’

He didn’t try to get to the closest restrooms, now that other students were headed to class in order to get to those he’d have to try and fight through the crowds in the opposite direction. The easiest restroom to get to was a slightly longer walk, but he hoped he could hold on long enough. He limped to the end of the hallway and turned left. He felt tears bubbling up in the corners of his eyes again and he didn’t know if they were from remembering his parents or from the pain of still having to hold an entire night’s worth of urine after all this time. Halfway down this hallway, he was already unbuttoning his pants. He turned right, and scrambled at his zipper, noisily tugging it down as he made one final turn and was finally, finally in the restroom.

He could barely believe for a second that he was here at last. The room was totally quiet, he was the only person in it. His hand dove down into his opened jeans while he hurried to a urinal. He freed his prosthetic and aimed it. He’d been restraining himself for so long that it took several seconds for his body to recognize that it could actually unclench. Those last few seconds were the most painful for Avery. He was there! He was a urinal, his zip was down, his prosthetic was cupped beneath him and aimed, he was finally allowed to pee! He was almost salivating with the anticipation of the relief, but his bladder remained stubborn for ten more long, painful seconds.

Then, droplets started to fall against porcelain. One, two, three… Then, a nice steady flow. A wonderful, intense trickle of long-held urine finally splashing away, finally hissing and gushing and spraying… Avery felt air gurgle through his bladder like a water cooler, and he sighed and panted, eyes blurring and becoming unfocused as his jaw went slack. This feeling almost made all the strain leading up to it worth it. Pee just kept pouring out of him, he felt a chill run up his spine and he shivered. Curiously, as his body shook, the relief inside of him seemed to intensify.

He began to grow shocked at the quantity of liquid he was letting out. He hadn’t even known he could hold this much. He certainly couldn’t remember ever peeing out THIS much all at once before, and it just kept coming, and it kept feeling better. The feeling of his bladder shrinking and crumpling back into its proper size was almost making him delirious. How could something so agonizing turn into something so amazing in just a matter of seconds?

Twice, he’d thought he was finally finished, only for his bladder to convulse yet again and shoot out another long spurt of urine. Once he was certain he was finally finished, he leaned forward to shake out the last drops and zipped himself back up again. “Phew…” he groaned. He stood there in a daze for a moment, then dizzily stumbled for the sinks to wash his hands. He felt genuinely lightheaded after all that.

After his hands were clean, he checked his pants. There wasn’t too much damage, thankfully. Still he grabbed a paper towel and tried to dab away the wet spot that had formed on the inside of one of his thighs.

Avery’s bladder acted up a little throughout the day, he supposed after being brought to the absolute limit like that, it was in no mood to hold it for very long. He found himself needing to go between every single class, which didn’t normally happen. Some days, he didn’t have to go at school at all, and most days he could get away with only going at lunch. Today, though, he was eagerly heading for the closest restroom every time a class let out.

He had one last pee before leaving school for the day, worried that the issue at his apartment building still wouldn’t be fixed by the time he got home. It was though, thank goodness. Avery sure hoped that never happened again. When his uncle got home from work a couple hours later, Avery was asked if he’d made it to school alright. Avery blushed and admitted how close he’d come to an accident, and Uncle Brad agreed that he’d only barely made it as well. “You know, the floor my office is on doesn’t have a restroom?” he asked. “I had to get in the elevator, make it to my floor, clock in, tell my boss where I was headed, go back to the elevator, and wait for it to bring me to another floor.”

Avery laughed, “That sounds awful!”

“It was,” Uncle Brad chuckled. “Everything’s fixed up here now, right?”

“Yeah,” Avery said.

“So sorry about that,” Uncle Brad said. “I know you were miserable.”

Avery shrugged, “It’s okay. It’s not your fault.” He felt a little warmer now. His parents had never apologized to him, not even for things that were obviously their fault. Uncle Brad said he was sorry when Avery was upset, even if he’d done nothing to cause it.

“I think we’ve earned a pizza after today,” Uncle Brad said. “You want one?”

Avery nodded. He felt even warmer. Uncle Brad tried to make Avery feel better when he had a bad day. His parents had never done that, either. “Thanks.”

“And, you’re feeling okay?” Uncle Brad asked. “After… Uh…”

“I’m kinda sore,” Avery said. “But, I think it will go away.” Uncle Brad checked if Avery was hurt or feeling sick after something unpleasant happened to him. His parents had never once asked such a question.

Avery’s family may have been smaller now, but the people who mattered were still a part of it.
