Sleep Away | Chapter 1

Author: sussytransgirl

*000*2025-03-16 08:55

First chapter, yay!

I dunno what else to say.

###

It was Connor's final year of high school, and as a celebration his year group had planned a three day trip into the middle of nowhere.

Connor was no fan of the outdoors, but that he could deal with.

His biggest problem was the same issue he'd had since he was young.

Connor suffered from an overactive bladder.

It basically just meant he had to pee constantly, especially when nervous.

Today he was more nervous than usual.

All of the classes lined up outside the school, getting on to various buses.

Connor sat down on one of the empty seats, since all of his stupid friends had decided to stay home.

He would've chosen that option as well, but his parents thought it would be good for him to get outside for a while.

At first Connor thought he would be sitting alone, until someone else sat next to him.

It was a tall boy with shoulder length black hair, mostly dark clothes.

On his jacket were various pins and patches, and his nails were painted black.

He had an almost intimidating aura which didn't help Connor's nerves.

Connor offered a wave to the boy, who responded with a simple nod.

Before long the bus started moving.

The majority of the ride was silent, which Connor didn't mind.

The boy next to him had headphones on, so he didn't try to start any kind of conversation with him.

Only 15 minutes in, Connor felt a familiar pressure in his lower area.

He needed to go to the bathroom.

Much to his dismay they weren't even half way to the campsite yet, and wouldn't be stopping for another hour or so.

Despite it seeming hopeless, Connor decided to just cross his legs and hope for the best.

10 minutes later the situation was not improving.

The problem with having an overactive bladder is that it fills up fast.

Connor shoved one hand between his legs, which didn't do much.

The boy next to him have a puzzled look, but didn't say anything.

Another 10 minutes went by, though it felt more like 10 years.

Panic was starting to set in.

The poor boy had one hand firmly pinching his dick shut, his legs constantly crossing and uncrossing, and his face flushed both from the effort of holding it in, and the embarrassment of the display he was putting on for the boy next to him.

Eventually the black haired boy spoke up. "Are you alright dude? You look like you're about to piss yourself." He said, some concern in his voice.

Connor tried to regain his composure but he knew it was useless.

"Y-yes! Do you know how much longer there is til we get there??" He asked, the situation clearly urgent.

The boy checked his phone. "Well we left about an hour ago, so I'd say at least 10 more minutes."

Connor's heart dropped, his eyes widening at the terrifying news. "10 minutes!?" He shouted, a little too loudly.

As if on cue, the bus began pulling onto a gravel road.

One particularly big jump jolted the bus, making the desperate teen lose control for a second.

A small leak left his overly full bladder, luckily not big enough to be seen from the outside.

"Fuck!" He cursed under his breath.

The boy next to him put his hand on his shoulder. "Look dude, if you can't make it it's alright." He assured him.

"I'll cover you when we get off the bus and you can go get changed."

Connor sniffed, starting to get upset.

On one hand he'd love to let go, it wasn't the first accident he'd had.

On the other hand, he didn't want this guy who was obviously much cooler than him to see him piss his pants like a little kid.

Before Connor could make a choice, his body made it for him.

It started slowly, but eventually turned into a fast stream making its way out of him.

In less than a minute, his jeans were completely soaked in his own pee.

Even worse was the fact that they were light blue, which meant it was super obvious.

"Hey, don't worry about it." The kid next to him said, sensing that he was upset.

"When we get to the get to the stop I'll help you, okay?"

Connor just nodded, not knowing how this day could get any worse.

His new ally gave a comforting smile. "My name's James."

"Thanks James." The humiliated boy replied. "I'm Connor."

###

Notes: Hopefully y'all enjoy the first chapter. I haven't written a longer fic in a while.

Anyone else feel bad for Connor?

