Wetting in the rain (actually a fantasy)

Author: secretleaker

*000*2017-12-19 21:03

This is a story of how I would like my first public wetting to go.

I woke up around 8 am. It is a normal day off. I have a few things to do around the house and those chores would only take about an hour or so. I get up, take my morning pee, turn the coffee pot on and grab some breakfast. The coffee went down so easy that I didn't realize that I was 4 cups in already! I finished up the dishes, took care of the vacuuming and decided to finish the pot of coffee off noticing that the urge to pee is already there, and it is only 10! I finished up the rest of my chores, and realized that I needed to mow the grass before it rains. So I went out, feeling the desperation of my morning coffee, and took care of the lawn. Every time I turned the push mower around I felt the urge to pee.

I fought it off and finished the lawn. I sat on the front porch and had a glass of water to cool off as it is a fairly warm day. I could feel the rain coming, but didn't mind, we need it. My phone buzzes and it is a WhatsApp message from a friend that works about 2 miles from my house. "Why don't you walk down and have lunch with me?" Well, she kinda knows about my wetting fetish and so I decide to go for the walk. I put my phone in a bag to keep it dry, lock the door and start walking. I get to the train bridge just as it starts to sprinkle. I pause under the bridge and text her "If you hear a knock on your window, it started raining and I got soaked. If you look out and I simply smile at you, I am wetting myself." She replies with, "I dare you to!"

I start walking down the road and the rain starts to get heavier. I am starting to get wet from head to toe. By the time I turn the corner and am about 1/2 mile from her office, I am soaked! But I am still holding my pee, barely. With the rain splashing around me, the water running down my neck, back, legs, it is proving hard to keep the pee in.

About a block from her office I get a message "Don't you dare pee yourself in front of me, I was kidding!" I smile, and reply "I am totally going to pee myself in front of your window!" It takes me about 10 more minutes to get to her office window. I see that the blinds are open all the way, she is sitting at her desk in a nice low cut top, her red hair resting on her shoulders, she knew I had a weakness for her. I walked right up to the window, and knocked on it. She looked up, the look of shock on her face was priceless as I smiled at her. As the smile crept across my face, the hot piss escaped my bladder, working its way down my cock out into my pants. I felt the warmth run from my waist all the way to my ankles, into my socks and shoes.

She looked at me and grinned. She put her phone under her desk, then I got a new WhatsApp notification, a picture notification. It was a picture of her panties, under her dress, with a small wet patch. The message that followed, "That is from getting horny thinking of you pissing yourself outside my window" I looked at her as my bladder finished emptying, smiled, and winked at her. She got up from her desk and came outside.

She looked at me and said "How do I know you wet yourself?" I said, "Trust me honey" and I pointed to the puddle in the try spot under the awning outside her window. "That isn't just water" She says to me, "How about I add to it?" as she walks over to the spot and straddles it. I see pee start to splash in my pee puddle as she smiles and lets her pee out. When she finishes, she reaches under her dress and takes her panties off, handing them to me. I taste her pee, and her pussy because of how horny she is. I eat lunch with her and walk home, leaking if I feel the need as I go.

*001*2018-03-31 16:37

The weather is starting to change where I live and it looks like it might be a wet spring. I might wait for a nice rainy Saturday and go for a walk in a local nature walk center. Put on some running shorts and a running shirt and go for a rainy day jog. I wonder if I'll be able to run as I pee myself. Anyone ever tried that, If so, any advise on how to pee as you run? I wonder if I do this, if anyone that might be out in the rain as well will notice that I have wet myself. Crap, now I'm getting nervous thinking about it haha.

