Omutsumonogatari - A Monogatari diaper fic

Author: Smartguy725

*000*2018-09-30 05:20

Hello y'all. About a year ago I complained in a diaper thread on /aco/ that there's hardly any diaper or omorashi Monogatari art or anything. Then I had the brilliant idea to sit down and actually write something. This may be the first piece of fiction that I've written/finished, but it's been almost a year in the making. I hope you enjoy!

Suruga Sort

Summary: Koyomi Araragi finds something unexpected when helping clean through Kanbaru Suruga’s endless amounts of books

NB: This was meant to take place when Koyomi goes to Suruga’s house in Nisemonogatari, but I (of course) took some liberties with the scenario

It was a hot day in mid-July. Koyomi Araragi found himself more free than usual; both Tsubasa Hanekawa and Hitagi Senjougahara were unable to contribute towards his summertime studies. Koyomi took the opportunity to do what anyone his age would do during summer vacation: sleep in. And it seemed like he’d spend the better part of the day there until his phone rang.

“Hey, Araragi-Senpai!” Koyomi recognized the voice immediately as Kanbaru Suruga’s, his perverted lesbian of a underclassman

Suruga-chan? What could she want? Koyomi thought. “I’ve been trying to find one of my books, and was wondering-”

“If I could help? What, have you already let your books swamp your room again?”

“Well, can you come over?”

There was a pause as Koyomi contemplated either telling Suruga the truth or lying and making up a prior engagement. In the end, his honesty won out.

“...I’ll be right over”

Once Koyomi arrived at Suruga’s house, she showed him to her room, and the two got to work, sorting through the immense book collection Suruga had in her house.

~~~

By late afternoon, significant progress had been made in the Suruga clean-up. Heck, you could even see the floor in some parts of the room, enough for her to spread out a futon. Koyomi was about to comment on the progress when one particular book caught his attention.

“...hmm? What’s this?”

The book appeared to be yet another of the many doujinshi Suruga had, with the title of Shameful Acts! along the top in bright pastel, bubbled characters. The bright colors were enough to catch anyone’s attention, but what jumped out at Koyomi the most was the character featured on the cover.

The cover depicted a girl, roughly high-school aged, dressed like you would imagine a typical idol would. But as Koyomi scanned the cover from top to bottom, he noticed something strange about, what else, the idol’s choice in underwear, with it being front and center for all who come across the book to see. It puffed out much more than to expected of regular panties, even of bloomers, almost as if-

“AHA! There it is”

Before he could investigate further, Suruga had noticed the doujin from Koyomi’s hands. Before he could think, she was moving through the air at full speed towards him to snatch the book from him.

“Not so fast!” Koyomi stepped back and moved the book out of the way to avoid Suruga, who, upon missing the book, hit the ground in a Charlie Brown fashion, giving him more of a chance to look the cover over.

Upon second glance, the idol wore a bashful expression on her face, complete with a blush and, as Koyomi’s eyes moved further down the cover…

“Suruga? Is this girl wearing a diaper?”

There was a long period of awkward silence before Suruga answered with a rather nonchalant answer

“Probably. I’ve bought so much smut that I probably only read that one once and forgot about it.”

Must have been some read Koyomi thought, opening the book to scan its interior. “This girl IS wearing a diaper! And using it, too!” he exclaimed.

“Oh yeah, I remember this one!” Suruga grabbed the book from him, finally getting up and approaching her senpai from behind while he was distracted by the doujin and its contents. Flipping through the pages herself, Suruga proclaimed “I bought it initially because I wondered how people could be into this, but I ultimately finished it. The plot could use some work, but it ended up being cute”

“Cute? That’s not something you’d expect fetish porn to be called.” Koyomi had brushed off the fact that his kohai not only finished the book but cared enough about its contents to give her thoughts on its plot.

“Oh yeah! The characters are cute, and scenarios too! Not enough smut for my taste, but the material interested me enough for me to look more into it”

“More how?” Koyomi had attempted to return to book-sorting but got an answer to his question after moving a small pile near Suruga’s futon. A pack of adult diapers stared back at him, or at least that what the package’s labeling told him. A tear in the top showed some of its contents, being thicker than an average diaper, or at least what he remembers of them. How long had his youngest sister been out of them?

“I see you found my stash, Araragi-senpai!” Suruga had made her way over to Koyomi and his discovery. “After finishing Shameful Acts!, I decided to look into the kink to see if I was missing anything. Surely you can’t blame me with how those girls act with them.”

“Of course I can! I haven’t read this!”

Suruga ignored Koyomi’s comment and continued: “After going through a couple of forums and whatnot, I decided enough was enough and ordered myself some! And I must say, Araragi-senpai, those girls had the right idea!”

Before Koyomi could notice, the underclassman had undone her jorts and let them slide down her legs and hit the floor. There she stood, wearing her tank-top and…

“How long have you been wearing that diaper?!?” Koyomi exclaimed. It was a reasonable question, given how much time they’ve spent on the task at hand and that fact that the diaper looked somewhat swollen…

“Oh, probably since I woke up this afternoon.”

“This afternoon?!? Surely you weren’t…” Koyomi trailed off, hoping Suruga would answer in the negative.

“Wait, I remember. I put it on after I called you. And of course I’ve used it, that’s what it’s for! I knew that we’d be working on this all afternoon, so I diapered up in the name of efficiency! And I must say, these are working exactly as intended!”

“You’re acting as if this is your first time wearing them!”

“Why not? I wanted to give my senpai a show, so I decided that I’d share my first time with these with you. Aren’t you excited to see you kohai not only wearing but wetting a diaper like a toddler?

~~~

Koyomi left the Kanbaru residence shortly afterword. Suruga wearing a diaper was one thing, but for him? That was too much for one afternoon. As he biked back towards his house, he wondered if this was worth bringing up to his girlfriend. After all, Suruga made it clear during the case with Nadeko that Hitagi was the source of her many perversions.

Maybe I’m better off forgetting this, Koyomi thought to himself, I’ll just hope one of them will bring it up to the other. Wait, maybe I don’t want that…

Suruga, meanwhile, lay down on her futon, using it as a makeshift changing mat. She rolled up the used diaper, powdered up and taped on the new one, and went to throw the used diaper away. She grabbed a plastic bag that she had around from a shopping trip and dropped the used diaper inside, tied the bag up, and started the rest of her usual sleep routine. Diapering up for the night meant less to worry in the morning, given how she recently took to sleeping with her Rainy Devil arm taped to a post in her room. As she drifted off to sleep, she reflected on her afternoon with Koyomi.

This fetish isn’t half-bad! I’ll have to do this more often, she thought. Maybe tell Senjougahara-senpai while I’m at it.

