Desperate at movie

Author: sunita

*000*2017-06-11 07:09

Once I and my cousin had went to the movies, at a mall nearby my place. She had come to Bangalore from her place that is Pune as she had got a job here, because of this she had promised me for a movie. This was not only the reason, but we had not went out for the past few months.

She was so happy that she was not mentally present. She was no exited that she did not even bothered about which movie to watch. I took 2 tickets for a Hindi movie. She went to the popcorn stall and ordered 1 tub of popcorn and 2 large coke, just before I could say no to her.

Our seats were in the corner and was not any botheration neither to me or her, but to a boy who was sitting in front of our row, he was turning back and staring at us every now and then. We chose to ignore him and were talking about her new company etc., when she said "we'll use toilets yaa before the movie starts" and got up from her seat just as the movie began. In a concerned manner I asked that was it urgent? She nodded saying no and we continued to watch the movie.

The movie was 3 hr long with one interval exactly in between. As the movie progressed we eat the whole tub of popcorn. A/C was right on top of us on the roof and was in full blast. It was making me feel more uncomfortable and the coke that I was sipping was directly reaching my bladder, and the popcorn was filling my bowels.

As soon as the interval came we both sprinted towards the toilet to see the board hanging on it "CLOSED FOR MAINTENANCE". We helplessly came back to our seats, we followed on to our holding techniques for another hour. With half an hour of movie left, I was pretty sure I would start peeing at any moment.

We skipped the movie and came out in search of toilet, the one which was available outside the movie hall was still closed. With no other toilets in sight we planned to go home. We hired an auto to reach home which is 20 min far away from the mall. We both had our legs tightly crossed. She said me that if she did not get to toilet in 5 min she is going to pee herself. Luckily the auto driver had kept a magazine and my cousin took it to read to just distract her mind. All of a sudden my stomach got bolted and felt something pressurized trying to come out, breaking my defenses I let out a silent stinky fart.

Merely after 30 min we reached home, but again there was a shock as some distinct far away relatives had come home. That was not at all the matter for us, but the toilets were occupied. She stood in front of the toilet dumb stuck and with her hands tightly clutched in between her legs. I held her hand and pulled her to my room toilet. Before I could say that I need to poop, she yanked her jeans and panties. The moment her jeans was away from the flow area, her piss blasted uncontrollably into the toilet. Then I said that “I need to poop yaa”, but she was in no position to stop her pee. I felt like my control slipping away and pulled down my jeans and panties together and squatted onto the floor. Even though I tried to control my poop and to only pee, I could not control it anymore.

After cleaning ourselves and the mess on the toilet, we had a laugh of it. She admitted that she felt like peeing in the empty popcorn tub in the theater. She also admitted that she let a silent fart while coming in the auto (at least now I knew why was the fart so stinky)!!!.

