A Wet Afternoon: Desperation at a Friend’s House

Author: ShareTea333

*000*2025-06-08 07:44

One of my newer friends, Mia, was planning to throw a small summer dinner party in her backyard. She had asked if I wanted to come over earlier in the day so we could hang out and set up for the party. I was excited that she had asked because I thought she was great and wanted to continue becoming closer friends.

She really wanted to make name cards by hand for each guest’s spot at the table, so we started the afternoon by sitting on her couch, doing crafts, and watching episodes of old TV shows. It was only about 30 minutes in to the crafts that I started to notice early signals from my bladder. I was planning to run a 10k the next day, so I was drinking a ton of water to get well-hydrated, and on top of that, Mia had made us fresh lemonade.

I had finished my giant bottle of water as well as a couple glasses of lemonade and really needed to pee. I was trying to wait for a natural pause in the conversation or the end of an episode to excuse myself, but it kept seeming like an awkward time to get up. I’m not one to tell people when I need to use the bathroom and have always felt embarrassed with too much attention on me. Finally, at the end of an episode, Mia stood up and excused herself to the bathroom, and I felt relieved knowing I could just go right after her.

I heard the toilet flush and my bladder spasmed with excitement. I started to stand as Mia walked back towards me until she said, “Ugh the stupid toilet in the hallway bathroom is being weird again! If people at the dinner party need the bathroom they’ll just have to go through Noah’s room and use his ensuite.” I acted like I had just been adjusting how I was sitting and sat back down as my heart sank. Noah was Mia’s roommate who I had only met briefly a few months ago. He was kind, but the thought of announcing I needed to enter his bedroom to use the bathroom felt mortifying. I didn’t know what to do, so I came up with a brilliant idea: just don’t think about!

It felt impossible to think about anything other than my need pee. It was helping to keep my legs crossed, but I had to go back to sitting normally so I could lay some of the craft supplies on my lap. Usually just sitting helps me hold it, but something about her couch being so soft and fluffy was making it really hard to hold my pee. I was wiggling my hips side-to-side and back-and-forth as subtly as possible, but without a hard surface, there was nothing pressing against me to help! Mia must have noticed that I kept shifting positions because she asked if I was alright. I made up something about my foot just being asleep and tried to laugh it off and act normal. I really didn’t want her to know I was doing a mini pee dance on her couch!

My need to pee was increasing at a worrisome pace and my hand kept instinctually sliding towards my crotch whenever my need intensified. I was desperate to hold myself and give my muscles a break from working so hard, but I obviously couldn’t do that in front of Mia. When I knew we’d be finished soon, I started to give myself a pep-talk: “Just walk up to his door, say hello, and causally walk to the bathroom! You can do this! You HAVE to do this!” Mia had said we’d be putting out decorations and snacks next and I definitely had to go pee before that.

Mia stood up and I followed her to the kitchen. As we passed Noah’s doorway, I was horrified by what I saw. Noah and a friend were perched on the end of his bed playing Xbox, and the only path to the bathroom was directly in front of his TV screen! I was annoyed with myself that I wouldn’t just go use the bathroom, but I couldn’t get over how embarrassed I felt! I reasoned with myself that they probably wouldn’t play video games for very long and might come out to help us set up. If they did that then I would have a clear path to the bathroom soon. I just had to hold on a little longer.

Standing up made it very clear very quickly that my bladder was FULL. I found it increasingly difficult to stand still and was constantly wiggling in one way or another. I tried to disguise my pee dance as just me busily prepping for the party. The first sign that I was really in trouble was when we started hanging string lights in the yard. I’m tall, so Mia was having me stand with both my arms stretched as high as possible to hold the strand up while she secured them. All I could do in that position was cross my legs as tight as possible and hold on tight. With each strand we secured, my pee hole was throbbing for relief and my muscles were getting fatigued. When I reached up for the final strand, I felt a sudden spurt of pee into my underwear and warmth spread across my crotch. I tried to stay still and as calm as possible, but I know my cheeks must have turned bright red.

I was wearing a summer dress, so I was grateful no one would be able to see the wetness. I knew we were reaching an emergency state though, so I made an excuse to grab something inside so I could assess the bathroom situation. I peeked down the hallway and saw that Noah’s door was now closed. CLOSED. What did that even mean?! I had never seen it closed before and had to assume that meant he needed privacy in one way or another. Now, alone in the kitchen, I commenced a full pee dance while I tried to figure out what to do next. I grabbed my crotch and squeezed hard, letting out a soft moan at the momentary relief it provided. I had always thought that a desperately full bladder felt really good, but I had never experienced this kind of desperation in front of other people! I frantically marched around the kitchen on my tippy toes, holding myself with both hands. I was trying my hardest to come up with a solution, but my thoughts kept being overtaken by how badly I needed to pee.

Once again, I convinced myself that he was probably just taking a shower before the party and would be out any minute. I took some deep breaths, tried to visualize my bladder magically expanding, and walked back outside. When I asked what I could help with, Mia walked me over to a large drink dispenser that she asked me to fill with a few pitchers of lemonade and a few bags of ice. Little did I know, that task would be the beginning of the end.

When the lemonade hit the bottom of the large glass container, the sound of liquid pouring was almost too much to take. I was literally jogging in place as it poured in and it would not have been a secret to anyone watching that I was on the verge of peeing my pants. Thankfully, Mia was starting to feel the time pressure and was focused on finishing all the items on her to-do list. When the last pitcher was almost empty and the dispenser wall full, the lemonade started to slowly trickle into the jug. That immediately did me in and a huge spurt of pee escaped. I instinctively dropped to the ground to sit on my heel and for a few seconds, it felt like my heel was the only thing keeping the flood of pee inside of me.

There was a large wooden lawn chair next to me and since Mia had walked back inside, I took the opportunity to straddle the arm of the chair. I was grinding my crotch into it to buy myself some time to think of what to do next, but the more I rocked, the less focused I felt. I could feel my wet underwear pressed against me and I loved the rhythmic pressure of the hard surface against my body. Each movement sent waves of sensation through me and for a few moments, each bladder spasm was increasing my pleasure instead of my panic.

I quickly snapped out of it when another large leak escaped and I felt warmth spreading across my bum. I jumped up and saw a wet spot where I had been sitting. I knew I needed to do something because I was about to lose control. Mia walked back outside so I told her I needed to grab my water bottle and started to head into the house. As I walked, I pressed my thighs together as tightly as possible and focused on my goal: I had to get to Noah’s door, and I HAD to knock.

As soon as I stopped in front of Noah’s door, I leaked. I softly knocked a few times and as I waited for him to answer the door, leak after leak were escaping into my underwear. It was happening. I was starting to pee myself. At this point I had my legs crossed tightly and both hands jammed between them. It never occurred to me that he might NOT ANSWER. Despite doing everything I could to stop the leaks, the first few drops of pee hit the hardwood floor. At that point I couldn’t think a single thought except that my bladder was about to explode and I did not want it to happen there.

I bolted out the front door and headed for the side yard of the house. I could feel drops of pee running down my legs and a bit more escaped with each step. As soon as I was hidden between the house and the fence, I yanked up my dress and before I was even fully squatting down, a flood of pee started to pour out of me. I leaned back against the house and pulled my now soaking underwear to the side to reveal a hard stream that splashed onto the ground. I was absolutely overcome by waves and waves of pleasure and relief. I couldn’t help but moan softy as I continued to pee for what felt like ages. It was a few moments before I snapped back to reality and realized what just happened. I quickly took off my cardigan and used it to dry off before rolling my wet undies up in it and shoving it all in my bag as I walked back in the house.

I went back to helping Mia as if nothing had happened. The party hadn’t even started and I felt like I had run a marathon! For the rest of the evening, I secretly smiled to myself knowing I had an entire adventure that afternoon that no one else knew anything about.

