Germaphobia

Author: secretomoact

*000*2021-04-13 03:14

Emmett was miserable. He was knock-out tired, practically asleep on his feet, late to his first class of the day, and he needed a pee. And it was all because the power had gone out at his house in the middle of the night. The outage had only lasted a few minutes, so short he’d slept through it. But, long enough for all the clocks in the house to reset, thus resulting in his alarm not waking him at the proper time.

This left him with no chance to take his morning shower, the thing that got him awake enough each morning to not sleep through his first few classes. More importantly, he’d had to get dressed and out the door so fast that he hadn’t had time for his morning pee, either. He’d been so tired that he didn’t realize he’d missed that very crucial part of his morning routine until partway through the ride to school. He and his twin sister Shelby had missed the bus, of course, so his Dad had ended up needing to take them in. Dad was already annoyed about having to drive them to school, before arriving late to his job and having to explain what all had happened, so Emmett thought it would be unwise to ask Dad to turn back around just so he could use the toilet.

The thing was, Emmett did not like using the toilet at school. The school restrooms were absolutely filthy and filth made him very, very anxious. He was okay going in there to wash his hands, something he needed to do multiple times throughout the day whenever anything happened that triggered his fears of sickness— Those things could range from touching a pencil someone else had been holding, accidentally touching a doorknob with his bare hand rather than the sleeve of his shirt, or feeling any stickiness beneath his hands when he laid them onto a surface. Emmett was very much a germaphobe, his fear of illness presented a constant obstacle in his life that turned it into a never-ending cycle of anxiety and obsessive washing.

So, he was okay with entering the school’s restrooms to scrub his hands a million and ten times each day. He could open the door with his shirt sleeve, flick the sink on and off with his elbow, wash the living daylights out of his hands, then nudge the door back open with his foot to leave. Sometimes, he’d do the whole thing while holding his breath out of fear of breathing something in that could infect him.

But, actually using the restroom was different. He’d have more things to touch. If he used a stall, he’d have to get that door open, pull the lock into place, lift the seat— see whatever horrors were underneath it… It was just too much for him to deal with, his anxiety and panic would get too high, he’d end up scrubbing his hands until they bled and even then he still wouldn’t feel clean enough. If he used a urinal… Well, the guys he went to school with seemed to have awful aim. It was almost like they were trying to miss, or something. The last time he’d been desperate enough to use the urinal at school, his shoes had actually gotten… stuck for a few seconds. It had grossed him out so much he’d wished he could burn them. When he’d gotten home he’d taken a very long shower, not leaving until his skin was rubbed raw and red.

He knew his anxieties were all silly, he knew it very much. But, knowing that they were silly did not magically make them disappear. He still had to live with them, he still had to live with the things they drove him to do. He did not want to try using the restroom at school. Especially not in the morning when the whole day was still ahead of him, he knew he’d need a shower as soon as possible and wouldn’t be able to take one until after school when he went home. He’d have to feel all that awful grime on him all day, his anxiety working into over-drive and convincing him he was contaminated and infected. Sometimes, the fear got so bad he had full-blown panic-attacks. He’d already had a couple of those in class with all the other students watching so far this year, he didn’t want to do something that could trigger another.

So, that left one option. He was going to hold it. He was going to hold it until he got home to his nice, clean restroom. Eight hours of school, about an hour on the bus home. Nine hours, then he could pee. Simple.

He tried not to think about how the last time he’d peed had been just before bed the previous night, almost ten hours ago now. He tried not to think about how that meant he was going to go a minimum of nineteen hours without a pee. That wouldn’t be good to think about. No. He also tried not to think about how his bladder was already sending him quite a few worrying signals, confused as to why he’d already been awake for so long without emptying it. He could hold it. He had to hold it.

Getting through the first class was easy enough. He paid attention to the teacher instead of his bladder and only occasionally felt the need to tap his foot. The next few classes weren’t too bad, either. Maybe he’d needed to ‘casually’ cross his legs under his desk a few times, but it wasn’t a big deal. He could hold it. He had to hold it.

By the time lunch rolled around though, that was when he was really starting to feel it. The denials he kept repeating to himself were no longer working. He had to pee. He preferred to go to the library during lunch, away from other people and things that made him anxious. He decided not to eat anything today. If he did that, he would definitely have to wash his hands first. He’d been trying really hard to avoid doing that, since entering the restroom to clean his hands would mean having to see the urinals and toilets that his nervous brain had forbidden him from using.

Sometimes, Shelby would find him here and join him to give him company. She teased him a lot for being so nervous, but did still love him and didn’t want him to feel lonely too often. Today was one of the days she’d decided to join him. He wasn’t sure whether to be happy about that or not. She could distract him from his building need, sure, but he also didn’t want her to notice that he was starting to get desperate.

And, oh boy, was he ever starting to get desperate. The waistband of his pants was pressing very, very firmly into his bladder and suddenly his clothes were feeling way too tight. He’d been discreetly pressing his thighs against one another for a while now, trying to pin his opening shut and take at least a bit of edge off the pressure. He was annoyed with himself, too. Here he was, in very bad need of a toilet break, during lunch-time when he was free to go anywhere in the school he wanted to. He was allowed to pee, no one was stopping him from going but himself.

But, his anxieties were just too strong. The thought of touching so many gross, grimy things made his brain buzz with nervous tingles. He hadn’t noticed, but he’d begun bouncing his knee as he continued listening to Shelby recount a story to him. He hadn’t been paying attention to anything she’d been saying, he’d been way too focused on the cries for relief his bladder wouldn’t stop making.

Shelby suddenly stopped talking, “Um… Do you have to use the toilet or something?” she asked.

Emmett felt his face turning very pink. “N—No,” he stammered. It was a pathetic denial, and utterly pointless. Shelby could always tell when he was lying.

“Don’t lie to me,” she said. “We’re twins. I can tell when you have to pee. We got toilet-trained together, and I know whenever you have to pee really bad you start doing that thing with your hands.”

“What thing?” Emmett asked. He hadn’t known he did a ‘thing with his hands’ when he needed to pee.

“Your fingers,” She said. “You, like, drum them on your knees.”

“I do?” Emmett asked. He realized then that he was, in fact, tapping his fingers atop his still bouncing knee.

“Yeah, like, every time,” Shelby said. “Like I said, I can tell when you’ve gotta go.”

“I do, kind of,” Emmett admitted. “We had to leave so fast this morning, I didn’t have any time to—“

“Hold up,” she held out a hand. “This morning? It’s been hours since then. Why have you still not peed?”

Emmett was ashamed to give the real reason. It always made him feel like such a coward to admit that he was so scared of a few germs that he was letting that fear control all of his actions. “Um… No one would give me a pass,” he said.

“It’s lunch,” Shelby pointed out. “You don’t need a pass. Go pee. You’re making me feel desperate just looking at you.”

Emmett made no move to stand up.

“What? Do you have to go so bad that you can’t get up?” Shelby asked.

“It’s not— I just— I can’t—“ Emmett stammered.

“Why not?” Shelby asked. “You’re obviously bursting. Why won’t you just—“

“B—Because the restrooms here are too gross,” Emmett said. “I don’t want to touch stu—“

Shelby slumped in her seat and released a groan. She could be sympathetic to her brother’s anxieties sometimes, but other times they just confused her. “Do you honestly think wetting yourself is gonna be less disgusting?”

“I’m not going to wet myself!” Emmett said, sounding absolutely horrified by the idea. “I’ll pee once we get home.”

“You can’t wait that long,” Shelby said. “It’s impossible.”

“I can do it, okay?” Emmett said. “Just, let me handle this. I know my body. Now, can we please talk about something else?”

Shelby sighed. She considered launching into a very, very detailed description of her favorite waterpark ride to rub in how idiotic she thought he was being, but decided against it. If her brother was bound and determined to have an accident, she didn’t want to be the driving force that made it happen. She’d prefer to be far away from him when the inevitable came to pass. Instead, she went back to the story she’d been telling earlier about her latest triumphs in the world of Dungeons and Dragons.

Emmett tried to listen, and was doing a better job now than he had been earlier. He’d managed to cross his legs in such a way that his bladder felt a little less like it was going to explode. But, then Shelby said something that caused him to laugh. When he laughed, his bladder lurched and contracted and the sound of mirth rapidly transformed into a gasp of pain and surprise. His hand dove between his legs, he wasn’t thinking of how she was right there, only of how he had to stop the leak that was right at the edge of his tip from actually bursting through.

Shelby was staring at him. “Um. Yeah. You gonna go take a leak now, orrrr…”

“I can hold it,” Emmett said, unsure if he was really answering her or just reassuring himself. “I can hold it. Just gotta… Gotta get a handle on things for a second.”

The bell rang soon after that and it was time to get back to class. Emmett stood, much too quickly, and found himself suddenly fighting against gravity. All the liquid in his straining bladder suddenly rushed downward and took an even more concentrated effort to hold at bay. He fought not to grab himself again, instead just bobbing up and down and taking short, shallow breaths.

“Emmett, seriously,” Shelby said. “You’re legit hurting yourself. Just go.”

“I can hold it,” Emmett said once more, which was quite a comical statement seeing as he was now in the process of a very obvious pee-dance. He swayed from foot to foot, hands fluttering near his waist as he was clearly dying to hold himself. Once he felt okay enough to walk, he and Shelby headed to class.

Emmett made it through the beginning of class by twisting about in his chair, crossing and uncrossing his legs, and hoping the desk provided enough cover that nobody noticed how tight he was gripping himself. He could not stop staring at the clock, counting down the minutes until he’d be home and could release everything that was inside him. He didn’t think he’d ever been this desperate for a pee in his entire life. He could scarcely breathe. His bladder spasmed angrily every few minutes. He had to pee, he had to pee, he had to pee.

He’d had close calls before, and several desperate situations. During a school play when he was younger, he’d forgotten to pee beforehand and spent the entire performance fantasizing about getting to a toilet, tearing off his costume and unleashing a torrent. He was lucky he’d just been playing a shrub then, nobody was paying enough attention to notice he was squirming about, and there would have been no way he could have remembered any lines when all he could think about was how badly he wanted a toilet.

Then, there had been the road trip he’d taken with his family. The restrooms at school were gross and he couldn’t make himself use them, but they had nothing on gas-station toilets. He’d made himself hold it all the way to their destination which was several hours from where he lived. After the first couple hours, he seriously regretted the soda he’d had to drink, and by the time they were at the hotel he’d felt like he was floating.

But, neither of those occasions could compare to this. His bladder was straining against his flesh, begging to be released. It was no longer a matter of wishing that he didn’t have to hold it until he got home, it was a matter of not thinking he could hold it until he got home.

Then, it happened; A spurt leaked from him. Not much, just a tiny, tiny bit. A few drops at most. But, it terrified him. He was gonna have an accident! Right here in class, in front of everyone! It was gonna be even more embarrassing than the times he’d had anxiety attacks! It was gonna be the worst thing he’d ever experienced! He couldn’t— He couldn’t do it anymore!

His hand shot up. Ordinarily he was too shy to raise his hand in class, but that first spurt had been followed by a slow and steady dribble. It was coming out! He had to get to the restroom, it didn’t matter how disgusting it was. He just needed it! He needed it right now!

His teacher Ms. Baker called on him, and he asked if he could please, please go use the restroom. She frowned, “This is an important class,” she said. “Everything we’re covering today is going to be on the test next week.”

He’d been so out of it and focused on his need that he hadn’t even heard there was a test next week…

He wanted to ask again, to say it was an emergency, but he was too embarrassed to admit to a room full of people that he was so desperate for a urinal that he was about to release his bladder into his pants. He just resigned himself to holding it until the end of class. Then, he could rush off for a much-needed pee.

He began to think, to fantasize even, about how good that was going to feel. He’d walk up to the toilet, unzip and finally, finally be free from the pressure he’d been nursing all day. It would feel gross, his shoes might get slightly stuck in other people’s pee again, but his bladder would be empty and that would be the only thing to really matter. He’d just unzip and go and go and go and…

Stop! He couldn’t think about that! It was making him need to pee worse, which he could hardly believe was even possible. His bladder was pounding, trying to tear its way through his flesh. He wanted to undo the button on his pants, to give it just a tiny bit more room to expand. A hand shot down to do that, as he hoped his desk gave him enough cover to get away with it unnoticed.

The release of the button did help, but only for a split second, then the awful, searing, white-hot agony of pure desperation returned. He looked to the clock. There were thirty minutes left in this class. He could not do thirty minutes. His pee would come out long before then, whether he was at a toilet or not.

Ms. Baker began passing out study guides and telling the class to spend the remainder of the period filling them out. He knew he couldn’t do that. He couldn’t concentrate on anything that was on the paper, nor could he pick up his pencil as both his hands were now pressed tightly between his legs and he was terrified as to what would happen if he moved them even one inch.

The worst part was knowing that, ultimately, this was all his fault. He could have peed before now, he could have peed at lunch just fine. He could have peed between any of his other classes throughout the day. But, oh no, he had to let his silly little cleanliness obsession take command once again. He was so stupid! He must have been insane or something. Normal people didn’t make themselves hold their bladders to the point of agony just because they were too afraid to touch something that was dirty. Normal people peed when they had to as soon as a restroom presented itself.

Now, he was going to pee himself in the middle of class, in front of everyone, getting himself much more filthy in the process than he would have been had he just used the stupid restroom. Shelby was sitting beside him in this class and she turned to face him the second their teacher had said the students were allowed to talk amongst themselves; “I hate to say I told you so, but…” She stopped herself. “Oh, wait. Scratch that. I love it; I told you so.”

Emmett was not in the mood for her teasing. “Shelby, be quiet. You were right. I admit it. I’ll go as soon as this class is over.”

She gave him an incredulous look. “Um… Can you make it until this class is over?”

“I have to,” Emmett said. “She wouldn’t let me leave.”

“So…” Shelby trailed off. “Just leave anyway?”

“I can’t. I’ll get into trouble.”

“The worst they can give you is a detention,” Shelby pointed out. “Isn’t that worth it not to pee your pants?”

“I don’t want a detention,” Emmett said. “I’ve never had one before!”

“I’ve had loads,” Shelby said. “It’s not that bad. You just have to sit there and write lines for an hour. It’s fine.”

“But… I don’t—“

“I’ll go with you,” Shelby said. “Then, we’ll both get in trouble and I’ll be there in detention with you.”

“No,” Emmett said. “Dad will be so angry if we’re both given detentions!”

“Not if we explain that you just had to take a leak really bad,” Shelby shrugged. “He’d probably prefer you get a detention than come home in wet clothes.”

“I can’t,” Emmett repeated.

Shelby sighed. Once more, it was her job to save her brother from himself. She raised her hand. “Ms. Baker. Could Emmett please use the restroom? He really, really has to go.”

Emmett felt his face burning red hot at her words. If admitting to a room full of people he was on the verge of an accident would have been embarrassing, having his sister do it for him was about fifty times worse.

Ms. Baker looked up. She stood from her desk and approached them. She took in Emmett’s posture, his nonstop squirming, his bouncing legs, his clutching hands… She lowered her voice; “Is it an emergency?” she asked softly.

Emmett gave a tiny, humiliated nod.

Ms. Baker continued speaking in a hushed voice. “Well… You have never caused problems in my class before. I’ll let you leave this one time. But, in the future, please try to remember to go at lunch, alright?”

Emmett gave an even smaller, even more humiliated nod before jumping to his feet. He… Should not have done that. Once more, gravity took hold and tried to force the massive tsunami of urine stretching the walls of his bladder to flood downwards. He clutched himself even tighter to keep it from pulsing out. He knew people were staring at his display, but he didn’t care anymore. His classmates seeing him do a pee-dance was certainly better than them seeing him wet himself. He took small, contorted steps to the doorway.

His eyes locked onto the trash can right beside the door and for a second he was seized by the insane, disgusting fantasy of yanking his zip down right there and unleashing his torrent into the bin. He fought to banish that image from his mind as he left the room and hobbled down the hallway. He was immensely grateful this class was so close to a restroom. He knew he wasn’t going to make it very far.

When he got to the restroom, he even turned the knob with his bare hand, he didn’t have the time to grasp his sleeve first. His hand felt dirty and contaminated immediately, but that wasn’t as important as making it the last few steps to the first available urinal and finally, finally just letting everything out.

As soon as he was in the restroom though, he was met with one more obstacle. Devon, the boy who had seemingly dedicated his life to bullying Emmett, was exiting a stall. “Oh, hey,” Devon said. “Gonna wash your hands again?”

“No,” Emmett said quietly and timidly. “I just… I have to—“

Devon seemed to notice where Emmett’s hands actually were, pressed between his clenched together thighs. “Aw,” Devon sarcastically cooed. “Poor baby can’t hold it in, can he?”

Emmett bounced in place. Devon was blocking him off from the urinals he needed. “I— Please, Devon, can you bother me in a minute? I need the—“

“‘Oh, I gotta go bad!’” Devon mocked. “‘I gotta go real, real bad!’”

“Please—“

“Why should I let you through?” Devon asked.

Because if you don’t I’ll burst! Emmett thought. “B—Because I… I really just… Please?”

“That isn’t a reason,” Devon said. “What are you gonna do for me?”

“I don’t know,” Emmett said. “I— What do you want?” He could feel more pee starting to seep past his clenched hold. He was losing it. He was losing it slowly. But still, he was definitely losing it.

“Not sure… Give me a few minutes to think about it,” Devon said. “You have a few minutes, don’t you?”

“I—

“Sure you do. You don’t seem to be in a hurry.”

Emmett sucked in a sharp intake of breath. His bladder shook and convulsed. He could see the urinals, for God’s sake! Just behind Devon. They were taunting him with the promise of relief, just as much as Devon was! What he wouldn’t give to be just a few feet away from where he was now!

Suddenly, it was too much. He dashed from the restroom, yet again prying the door open with his bare hand. He limped and stumbled his way through the hall. There were other restrooms, ones where Devon wouldn’t be there to torment him. He could get to one of those before time ran out. He could! He focused every ounce of his willpower into just putting one foot in front of the other. Left foot, right foot, don’t leak. Left foot, right foot, don’t leak. Left foot, right foot, don’t leak.

After what felt like twenty years, he was at the door to a different restroom. He shoved it open, finding it blessedly empty of anyone who would try to deny him relief. Just a few more steps, then he’d be in the right place. Just a few more steps, he could make it. He was already tugging his zip from the moment he’d gotten into the room, and was peeing two steps away from the urinal.

Finally, he was in the right location, his pee flowing with the force of a firehose, hitting the porcelain urinal with a loud hiss. Strangely, he did not feel any relief. Even though he was peeing for all he was worth, his bladder still felt full and stretched. After a few more seconds, he had let enough out that he was finally actually feeling a bit relieved. The sensation of release slammed into him, a full body experience of good. It was like he was being bathed in good. It was so, so incredible that he moaned out-loud. “Ahhhhhhhhhhh…” He barely noticed his mouth was open, and that he was thus breathing in whatever toxic germs lurked in here. He barely noticed anything at all, the only thing that could register to him was how great this felt.

God… How can it feel this good just to pee? Holding all this back had taken such an intense, extreme level of effort. Just not having to put that effort in anymore made his body shiver with pleasure. As some of the haze of relief faded, he began to feel shocked by how much he’d had in there. He’d been standing here, peeing his head off, for well over a minute and more just kept coming. It was no wonder he’d been so uncomfortable. He didn’t think he’d ever peed for this long before in his life.

At last, his stream started to slow down and taper out, a few last spurts gushing out before he finally felt like he was completely empty. He zipped back up and buttoned his pants, surprised by how much looser they felt now that the swelling was gone from his middle. That… Felt… Amazing! He’d never felt anything that incredible before in his entire life. He stumbled backward a bit, his legs still jelly. As his senses returned to him a bit more, he hurried to violently scrub his hands to get rid of all the germs he was sure they were coated in. How could he have been so hurried that he touched a toilet door without the aid of his sleeve not once, but three times?!

Once he at last felt sufficiently clean, he remembered to actually use his sleeve to leave the room and hurried back to class. He knew he’d been gone for too long and hoped he wasn’t in trouble. Luckily when he got back to his desk, Ms. Baker barely even glanced his way.

Shelby turned to him, “Made it?” she asked.

He nodded, aware of how red he was turning.

“Gonna listen to me a bit more from now on?”

Another nod.

Edited April 13, 2021 by segaface (see edit history)

*001*2021-05-25 18:43

This one is, admittedly, a bit silly. Hope folks still enjoy.

***

It was a quarter past midnight and Emmett was wide awake. Insomnia was not uncommon for him since he was so prone to anxiety and stress, two things that tended to keep him awake at odd hours. But, this time the cause of his restlessness came from a spot a little lower down than his brain; his bladder.

He’d had a few glasses of water with dinner which, normally would not be a problem. He was at home, the bathroom was just across the hall from his room, empty and ready for use. Except, he couldn’t use it. His Dad was sick with some kind of stomach bug and had thrown up in there a few hours ago. In Emmett’s mind, the entire room was now contaminated and he could not enter it, lest he become infected with the same flu currently having its way with his Dad.

There was another restroom, but to get to it he’d have to go through his parents' room, which was likewise contaminated.

So, that was why Emmett was up so late, trying to hold in his full bladder. He didn’t know when either of the restrooms would feel safe enough for him to enter again. But, he doubted it would come before he wet himself. Because of that, he felt ridiculous. There was a toilet just a few steps from where he was, but his nervous brain had managed to convince itself that he would suffer dearly if he dared to make use of it. He hated the way his brain worked, it was like his own mind wasn’t really within his control a lot of the time. Which was stupid, because shouldn’t it have been? He was his brain, right? But then, why did it do things to him that he hated all the time with seemingly no real input from him?

He sat up in bed and rocked against his wrists, pressing them tightly against his crotch. The front of his pajama pants was already a little damp. He’d lost a few spurts not too long ago. His bladder was literally all out of room, but his kidneys continued to pump more and more urine into it. He couldn’t believe he was in such a state. He was gonna have an accident in his bed, with a perfectly good toilet just a minute away.

He wished things could be simpler for him. He didn’t understand why his brain worked the way it did, why it had to make every, little thing so ridiculously complicated. He was like a slave to his anxiety, and it was miserable. This excruciatingly full bladder wasn’t even the worst thing it had made him suffer, but it was certainly the only thing he could think of at the moment.

He pressed his crotch more firmly into his wrists as he felt warmth gush into his pajamas once more. He tried to psyche himself up. Maybe he’d get the flu if he used the restroom his Dad had thrown up in, but wasn’t wetting himself really gross too?

But, the flu lasted longer. If he peed his pants, he could clean up right away and it would all be ov— Was he seriously trying to convince himself that having an accident was the best option he had?! What was wrong with him?! He was not normal. He was really, really not normal.

He laid back down and tried to just ignore his need, but it was well past the point that he could ignore it. He bit into his pillow as he gave in and clutched himself in his hands rather than just pressing down with his wrists. He felt sweat coating every bit of his body from the exertion. He was exhausted. He wanted to sleep. But, more than that, he wanted to pee. He couldn’t hold it. It was too much. He was full. He was so, so full.

He crossed his legs and hitched his hips, pressing his hands down tighter and tighter and curling his fingers around his aching length.

Okay. So, going to the toilet was too frightening for him. Obviously. If he was able to talk himself down from his anxiety, then he would have peed hours ago. But, wetting himself was not an acceptable option either. What else was there, though?

He was gonna have to find somewhere in his room that he could relieve himself. He was frustrated that he’d allowed his sickness anxiety to get to the point that finding a container or something to pee in was more appealing and doable than walking a few feet and using a toilet that someone had vomited into, but he was stuck now. He just had to pee somewhere or he’d go insane.

He flicked on his flashlight with one hand as the other remained firmly between his clenched thighs. He shined it all around, looking for something that could hold a lot of liquid. There was his beach towel… He imagined tucking himself into it and just letting loose, occasionally shifting his position when one area got too soaked through.

But, no, it was thin and small. And his bladder felt like it must have been holding back a small lake. He was worried that he’d manage to drench every square inch of the thing before he was empty. Then he’d just be stuck with a disgusting, soggy, smelly towel. No.

In his trash can, there was an empty bottle that had once held some ibuprofen. It would feel so wonderful to position himself at the opening and just… pee…

No, the bottle was small. It would hold even less than the towel would!

There was a very, very large mug on his shelf. If he got both that and the ibuprofen bottle, that should be enough to hold him.

Except, he loved that mug. He’d gotten it at a comic convention with his Dad. It was special to him, and he knew he’d end up having to throw it away if he defiled it.

What else was there, though!? The water bottle on his nightstand? It was still half-full! He’d have to drink it down to be able to use it, and if he took even one more sip of water he’d explode immediately. And then he’d have to explain to his Dad why he needed to throw the bottle out, what it had been filled with, and why it had been filled with that.

Hssss.

Ah! He was peeing! No! No, please! Not yet! He clutched himself tight with both hands, stemming off the flow but dropping his flashlight. It fell sideways so it was pointing to the wall his bed was up against, shining against the curtained window.

The window!

He moved one hand away from his crotch to pull the window open a little bit, then gave himself a few more squeezes before lowering his pajama pants. He couldn’t believe he was seriously doing this. It was disgusting, crazy, and utterly desperate. But, if there was one thing Emmett was feeling it was certainly utter desperation.

He got up onto his knees on top of his bed so he could aim out the window, then stopped when he realized he should probably lock his door first. His sister had a habit of charging into his room at all hours to ask him something inane. If she did that while he was in the process of emptying his bladder out the window, he’d probably die right on the spot.

It was just a few steps from his bed to the door, but walking was a huge challenge. He was more just crawling, doubled over on himself as his hands clutched at his front. He pressed the button on the doorknob and engaged the lock, then dashed back to bed and got himself back into position on his knees.

He lowered his pants again and could feel the pee right at the edge of his tip. This was going to feel so good—

He heard his doorknob being twisted back and forth, followed by a knock. “Nnnnh…” Emmett whimpered. He could pretend he was asleep, not answer the door and just pee. He could let himself pee before getting it. But, he wasn’t sure how much noise his stream was gonna make and if she’d be able to hear it. If she heard a lot of trickling liquid, Emmett wasn’t too sure what she’d assume the noise was, though. Maybe she wouldn’t end up guessing that he was pissing out his window?

He didn’t want to risk it. He could wait a few extra minutes. He did his painful crawl-walk to the door again and let his sister in. He knew what this was about; Shelby liked to stay up late and let her mind wander, eventually she’d come up with an idiotic question to wonder about and would come bother him about it.

“Hey,” Shelby said. “I was just thinking; Do conjoined twins masturbate, and if they do, is that considered incest?”

Just as he did every time Shelby decided to ask one of her asinine questions, Emmett replied; “I don’t know, and I don’t care. It’s too late at night for this.”

“But, you’re awake,” Shelby shrugged. “With your door locked, just what have you been up to in here?”

“Nothing.”

“Oh, I’m sure,” Shelby said. “Your pants are undone,” she said. “Were you thinking about your girlfriend?”

“No, I wasn’t doing that!” Emmett squeaked out. Though, he could see why she’d think he was. There were very few reasons a guy his age would have their door locked late at night and then have their pants halfway undone and their hands covering their crotch when they go to answer it.

“There’s nothing to be ashamed of. Everyone does it,” Shelby said. “I think… I’m still trying to figure out the conjoined twin thi—“

“Please stop talking to me about this,” Emmett begged. He needed to get back to the window soon. His control was slipping away. With as tight as he was gripping himself, he was surprised Shelby hadn’t figured out what his actual issue was. “I wasn’t doing that. I was just… Trying to pee.”

Shelby looked him over again, realizing that maybe the placement of his hands was just him trying to hold his full bladder and not him trying to conceal an erection after being caught in the act. “Okay?” She said. “Kind of the wrong room for that.”

“Well, Dad threw up in the bathroom, so I can’t use it,” Emmett said, like that should have been obvious.

“And so you were gonna… What? Pee on the floor, or—“

“I was about to go out the window before you got here,” Emmett admitted. It sounded even dumber now that he was saying it out-loud.

“… Well, as… Brilliant an idea as that is, I think you should probably consider using the toilet like a normal person.”

“Can’t,” Emmett said. “I’ll catch the flu.”

“You won’t,” Shelby said.

“I will.”

“Oh my God… How about you hold your breath while you’re in there or something? So, you don’t inhale the germs, or whatever you think is gonna happen to you?”

“Can’t hold my breath that long,” Emmett said, beginning to step in place as he tightened his grip so much that it caused pain. “Can you just leave so I can g—“

“You’re not pissing out the window,” Shelby said. “In what universe is that less disgusting than using the actual toilet?”

Emmett jiggled up and down, and coiled one leg over the other. He didn’t know how to answer that. He didn’t understand why his brain worked like this, just that it did. He recognized how illogical his fears and the things he did to alleviate them all were, but that understanding didn’t make any of it go away.

Hsssss…

He was leaking again, he could feel it trickling against his hands, could feel the bunched up fabric of his pajama pants getting warm and damp. “Ah!” He gasped out. “I can’t hold it!”

“Then go to the—“

Emmett rushed back to his bed, lowered his pants back down as far as he needed to, and aimed out the window just as his bladder completely collapsed in on itself and exploded. A waterfall of urine erupted from his tip and flowed the long way down into the grass beneath his window. For a second he forgot where he was, he forgot the specifics of what he was doing, and he forgot his sister was right there. He just lost himself in the relief, sighing out-loud. “Ahhh…”

“Oh my God…” Shelby said. “This is a thing that’s happening.”

“Sh—Shut the door,” Emmett begged.

Shelby closed the door.

“I meant with you on the other side!”

“Sorry…”

“At least turn around!”

“Oh, right!”

Emmett tried to focus back on the feelings of release, ignore all the sensations of shame and embarrassment. He’d never felt so much pleasure and discomfort at once before, let alone simultaneously. It was such a weird, off-kilter way to feel. Once he was finally done, had pulled up his pants and closed the window, he turned back around. Shelby was still facing the other way. “Please don’t tell Dad I did that.”

“Believe me, I don’t want him to know I watched it,” Shelby said. “That was… Just… Weird.”

“I know,” Emmett said. “I wish I wasn’t so scared of so many basic things. I can’t believe I actually did that.”

“I guess it’s good you didn’t just lay in bed and piss yourself,” Shelby said. “But… Seriously, you need to get a grip sometimes.”

“I’m handling it.”

“You pissed out your bedroom window because you’re scared to go into a room someone threw up in five hours ago,” Shelby corrected. “Clearly we both have vastly different definitions of ‘handling it’. Maybe talk to your therapist about this little adventure?”

“I can’t tell her about this,” Emmett said, sounding horrified. “It’s embarrassing!”

“Which is why you should talk to her about it so you don’t have to do something like that again.”

“Ugh… Fine, I’ll talk about it…”

*004*2021-06-03 05:21

{{5 hours ago, gelpen said:

Poor Emmet

}}

I agree He's from a book that I wrote (But, I changed his name for this story, since the names in that book are pretty unique and recognizable.) In the book, he does have a happy ending and gets the help he needs to overcome a lot of his fear.

*005*2021-06-20 06:36

Emmett’s girlfriend Nova was a Godsend. She was the smartest person he’d ever met, wise well beyond her years, and the one person who was able to keep him grounded whenever he felt scared. She taught him how to breathe when he panicked to keep himself from hyperventilating. She spoke to him in soft, soothing tones and made him feel that everything really could be okay. She was his greatest ally when it came to improving his mental health, and he shared everything with her.

Including the suggestion his therapist had made of ways to combat his compulsive behaviors. It was suggested that he enter a situation that would ordinarily cause him distress, and then instead of performing the activity he usually would to lower his anxiety, he was to abstain from it. A good example for him, his therapist had said, would be to go into a crowded area with lots of people, and then not wash his hands unless he was about to eat something. The idea made his mind feel shaky, but when he told Nova she said it sounded like a good idea to try it.

She suggested they go to the mall, a location that would be full of people, many of whom could have been sick recently. And then, Emmett would have to try not to wash his hands until they stopped for lunch. Nova would be there to remind him and to help him stay calm, she promised. “I know it will be scary for you, but I’ll be with you the whole time.”

Emmett tossed and turned a lot the night before their mall trip. He would have to touch the doors to some of the shops, doors that had been touched by hundreds of people before him, and then he wouldn’t be allowed to wash his hands or put on sanitizer. The idea of his hands becoming infected, crawling with every disease every person who had ever set foot in that mall had ever had… Well, it was enough to make him shudder.

But, as it turned out, working himself up into a panic about sickness was going to be the least of Emmett’s troubles that day. Nova was there to stop him from making a mad dash to the restroom to wash his hands, reminding him of what the day’s goal was. But after an hour or so of wandering through the mall, hand-washing was not what Emmett wanted to make a mad dash to the restroom for.

He realized with some dismay that he’d been so stressed out about what he was supposed to attempt today that he’d neglected to have his morning pee before leaving his house. He regretted that. He regretted that more than he’d ever regretted anything. He regretted that even more than he regretted the day he gave Shelby a scratch-off ticket on their birthday, and it turned out she’d won five hundred dollars.

He’d honestly be willing to trade five hundred dollars for a pee-break right about now… He’d be willing to do anything to get himself to a urinal! Anything, that was, except admit to his girlfriend that his bladder was full. He didn’t even truly know why he was too embarrassed to tell Nova that he was just bursting for a toilet; She’d seen him break down into tears and have panic attacks, and had never judged him for a second, but for whatever reason the words “I have to pee!” were just a bridge too far.

Nova was always so calm, cool and collected that Emmett already found himself feeling like an overly sensitive child beside her often enough without telling her he had to go pee. So, he made a decision; He would be allowed to wash his hands when they ate lunch, so he’d get to go into a restroom then. He could hold it until then. He could pee then.

Still, he could not stop his gaze from lingering on the door to every restroom they passed. “Emmett,” Nova said. “I know this is hard… What level are you at now? Scale from one to ten?”

Emmett paused, he thought his bladder was somewhere around a seven. His urge was a constant, thrumming pulse below his waistband, and he’d been rocking back and forth on his feet every time they’d stopped walking for a few seconds. But, he knew that she wasn’t asking about his bladder, she was asking about his anxiety.

He realized then that, he’d been so preoccupied with his need to release that he hadn’t thought too much about washing his hands at all. Distracting himself from his compulsions by holding his pee probably wasn’t what his therapist or Nova had in mind, though. And, truth be told, he was feeling pretty anxious. He was anxious that all the little squirms he couldn’t stop making were off-putting for Nova. He was anxious that his desperation seemed to just be getting worse and worse by the minute. He was anxious that he might not make it until lunch after all…

“S—Seven?” He offered, still staring at the restroom door. Oh, what he wouldn’t give to run through it! The little blue symbol on the door was mocking him, taunting him with promises of how good release would feel. When a man exited the restroom, Emmett couldn’t stop himself from feeling jealous of him for having a freshly emptied bladder.

“That’s good,” Nova said. “It’s not too high, you’ve got this. Just a little freaked out, right?”

Emmett twisted in place as he tore his vision away from the restroom to look at her instead. “A—A little,” he repeated.

“Oh, you’re shaking,” Nova realized. Emmett was trembling an awful lot, his legs in particular seemed pretty twitchy, as he nervously paced in place. Nova decided he probably just needed a few minutes to settle his nerves and breathe. “Here, let’s go somewhere more relaxing,” she suggested.

The only place Emmett thought he could relax himself now would be in front of a urinal, but he knew that Nova wasn’t about to bring him to one of those. But, maybe it would at least be further away from any of the restrooms, having to see all the toilets he couldn’t use was really starting to get on his nerves.

The good news was that Nova did bring him somewhere that he couldn’t see any doorways or signs pointing out restrooms. The bad news was that she brought him to the fountain in the center of the mall. The fountain was enormous, a huge circle of gushing streams all flanked around a gigantic one spraying up in the center. Surrounding the fountain were sitting areas, and Nova took him to a bench that offered a clear view of the blasting liquids.

When Emmett sat down, the waistband of his pants smushed into his bladder and he immediately wound his ankles against one another. His hands clamped onto the edge of the bench he was sitting on, desperate to squeeze something. He was able to shut his eyes against the fountain, but could do nothing about the sound. The sound of water viciously splashing against water. It sounded exactly like he was in a crowded men’s room, being forced to listen as others unleashed their streams into toilet bowls while he stood in line and held it. Except, this was worse, because at least if he was waiting for an available toilet, he’d know relief was coming very soon. Now, his relief was still hours away.

He opened his eyes, trying to remind himself that the noise was just water, not urine. It didn’t help at all. He couldn’t stop thinking of how the streams of water across from where he sat looked so much like how his pee stream did when he finally let flow after needing to hold it for a long time. He kicked his legs out in front of himself, then drew them back in, his grip on his seat tightening.

Nova watched him intently with growing concern. Normally, Emmett calmed down around water. He liked the sound of the ocean at the beach, it was something that had always put him at ease, so Nova had thought this would do the same thing. But, clearly it wasn’t. He was still shaking like a very scared leaf. If anything, his trembling shudders had only increased. She’d known this activity would be difficult for him, but he seemed to be more anxious than she’d seen in a very long time.

Emmett tapped his feet restlessly. He leaned forward and backward, trying to find a position that gave his bladder the space it wanted. He tugged at his bangs, before his hands wavered a little over his waist. They stopped in mid air and he wedged them underneath himself. He would not hold himself in front of Nova! He absolutely would not! Just because he had to pee like a racehorse that had drank six cups of coffee before going on a twelve hour car ride on a bumpy road in the rain, that was no reason to make a fool of himself! He would hold it. He would hold it until lunch time, then he would run to the nearest urinal like his life depended on it, yank down his zipper and hose it down with even more force than the tortuous fountain could muster!

And, dear God, would that feel good! To just… To just not have to worry about it anymore! To just not have to put the effort in to keep himself dry! To just be able to relax and let his body have what it had been screaming for for so long…

It was too much!

He shot to his feet like a rubber band. “N—Nova!” he stammered out. “I need to—“

Nova held up a hand, “You don’t need to,” she interrupted. “You just think you do. I know, this is triggering for your fears, and it’s hard not to give in and do what your brain is telling you you have to. But, you’ve made it so long already, in a couple hours we’ll get lunch, and you can wash your hands, and you’ll know you don’t actually have to give into these thoughts.”

“No,” Emmett stuttered. “I—“

“What’s your level? Scale of one to ten?”

If ten was the level where Emmett wet himself, he was at an eight! He was practically running in place, stomping his feet, shifting his hips. “Eight!” he blurted out.

“Shhh,” Nova hushed, and took his trembling hands in her own. She was positive all his shivering and twitching was from being on the verge of an anxiety attack. “Try to stay still, try to breathe. It’s okay.”

“I can’t!” Emmett said. “I have to—“

“You don’t,” Nova said once more. “Remember what I keep telling you? Your anxiety is like a little monster that wants to feed. And, when you give into it and do what it wants— Like by washing your hands when you don’t actually have to— That’s feeding it. And if you feed it again and again, it just gets bigger and more powerful.”

“But, that’s not—“

Nova squeezed his hands. She’d held him like this while he panicked many times before, but his hands had never shook quite this badly, they’d never been this slippery and clammy. She started to wonder if maybe she’d pushed him too far, too fast, too soon. “Try to stay still,” she repeated. “Let me help you breathe.”

Even after Nova said that, Emmett didn’t go still at all. He kept jiggling, he kept shifting around. His eyes squeezed shut, his jaw set in a harsh line. “You don’t understand, I just have to—“

“Let’s try breathing first,” Nova said. “Let’s just try to calm down another way. Okay. Breathe in with me.”

Emmett tried. His breath hitched as he struggled to inhale around the huge, bloated bowling ball that had taken up residence in his core. Exhaling was even worse, as his sphincters tried to release alongside the air from his lungs. He felt a few drops of pee begin to seep into his boxers. He badly wanted to grab himself. He needed to grab himself! But, Nova was still holding onto his hands, and he couldn’t cram them between his legs where they now seriously belonged!

Nova helped him do his breathing exercise for about a minute, then asked if he felt any better.

He didn’t. He felt more on the verge of completely exploding than he had before. “Nova,” he said, much louder than he’d wanted to. “I’m not freaking out because I want to wash my hands, I'm freaking out because I just have to pee really, really bad!” He winced as he noticed a couple on one of the other benches look his way.

Nova dropped his hands, and he immediately wedged them between his thighs as he continually bounced in place. “…Oh,” she said after a moment, thinking over all the behavior she’d witnessed. She saw his trembling, fidgety legs and shaking, quivering body in a whole new light. And, of course, now he was clutching onto himself and crossing his legs as he jiggled up and down, doing what was by far the most blatant pee-dance Nova had ever witnessed. “Oh,” she said again. “…I… May have misunderstood a few things.”

“Nnnh, yeah,” Emmett agreed and tried to force a smile. “You may have.”

“I’m so sorry,” Nova said. “I promise, I thought I was helping. I should have listened better, I’m sor—“

“Nova!” Emmett interrupted. “Less talking, more finding me a toilet, please!?”

“Sorry!” Nova said once more. She felt herself blush. She’d never seen a guy needing the restroom so badly before, and there was something weirdly intimate about it. “Okay, I think the closest restrooms are this way,” she pointed. “Come on.”

Emmett hobbled after her, hoping that this was the correct direction, because he felt like he only had about five minutes left before his exhausted pelvic muscles gave up the ghost and he drenched himself in the ocean he’d been carting around all day. It was so hard to walk… Every time they passed one of the mall’s decorative potted plants, he wished he could just let everything loose onto them instead of continuing his contorted, painful trudge. Each time one of his feet hit the ground, a devastating pulse of need would pound through his body. He could not stop holding himself, but more importantly he could not stop leaking.

The leaks were tiny, probably no more than a drop or two, but they were constant and he couldn’t manage to clamp himself shut enough to make them cease.

Nova could hear him whimpering with need and hoped just as much as he did that they were getting close to a toilet. If he ended up… Well, not ‘making it’, she’d blame herself. She’d blame herself for not paying attention properly, and she’d blame herself for interrupting him over and over as he’d tried to tell her what it was he actually needed.

She exhaled a breath when she spotted a sign that pointed in the direction of a narrow hall between two shops. She wouldn’t have to blame herself after all. “Found you a—“

Before Nova could finish, Emmett’s eyes had seized on the beautiful, blessed sign and he immediately picked up the pace to move as fast as his overfull body would allow him. He took off down the hall, and had never, ever been so happy to see a public men’s room in his life. As he shoved aside the door with his shoulder, his hands had already busied themselves with his zip.

When the sound of the zipper going down reached his ears, his bladder decided that was its cue and began to release a flood into his boxers. He panicked, certain he was going to lose it in the home-stretch, and forced himself forward, gripping onto his length through his fly. The restroom was a little crowded, and he hoped no one was paying him enough attention to notice how much of an emergency he was having.

The area for the sinks was huge and was placed before the area containing the urinals that he needed as desperately as he needed oxygen to breathe. The final few steps to make it there were brutal, and he felt his boxers growing damp beneath his clenched hands. The only available urinal was between two people, and ordinarily he would wait in such a circumstance, but that wasn’t an option here. He wedged himself in front of it, yanked himself out over the waistband of his boxers and just… Stopped fighting.

His stream really was as powerful as the jets that pulsed from the fountain. The contents of his abused bladder battered the urinal as though he was trying to drown it. The sound of his flood hissing out was almost enough to cover up the sounds from the sink faucets. A violent shiver overtook his body and he began panting like he’d just run a marathon. “Haaah…Haaah…Haaaahhhh…”

This was… He didn’t even know what to call this… The word ‘relief’ did not do justice to the amazing waves of pleasure he was currently experiencing. This was beyond a relief, this was a reward. A reward for having endured such an intense, all consuming need to pee for so long. He could scarcely believe how much was coming out. If he heard someone claim that they peed this much all at once, he’d never believe them, but here he was seeing and feeling it for himself.

The guys he’d been standing between had finished up at some point while he’d been lost in a daze of release, and as his stream wound down he became reacquainted with reality once more; More specifically, the fact he’d been gushing, groaning and moaning like his very life depended on it for the past minute and a half while in a crowded public restroom. And, worse than that, that he’d done a ridiculous pee-dance in front of Nova before begging her to find him a urinal before he had a full-blown accident.

His cheeks, already flushed a bit pink from the exertion of the day, reddened further. His bursting gush died down to a trickle, then a dribble, and then he was emptied. But, he continued to stand there a few seconds longer, trying to regain a bit of control; His body felt like it had turned to jelly, and his mind was so overcome by the feelings of pure bliss that it had turned mushy as well.

Finally, he zipped back up and released a huge sigh from his lungs. ‘Better’ did not even describe how he felt. He scrubbed his hands off, deciding that it didn’t go against the rules of the day to wash off after peeing. He looked himself over and was relieved that none of his leaks had managed to soak through enough to be visible on his pants. Then, he reluctantly left the room to rejoin Nova. “I am so sorry!” were the first words out of both their mouths.

“Why are you sorry!?” Nova asked.

“Because I— I grossed you out!”

“You didn’t!” Nova promised. “It’s not gross to have to pee, Emmett. You can’t help that!”

“But I— I… Did that whole… Thing…”

“You mean your… uh… Your little squirmfest earlier? Because, honestly it was kinda cute.”

Emmett felt more heat flood his veins. “What!?”

“I don’t know,” Nova admitted. “I was worried you were having an anxiety attack at first, but when you said you just needed to pee… For some reason, I just thought you looked a little cute all wriggly like that.”

“I wasn’t trying to be cute,” Emmett said. “I was trying not to pee my pants.”

“I know,” Nova said. “But, hey; That just means you’re adorable even when you don’t mean to be!”

“Nova…” Emmett was still red-faced, but he was smiling a tiny bit.

Nova pinched his cheek, “What level are you at now?” She asked. “One to ten?”

“One,” Emmett said. “I feel… I feel really okay right now.”

*006*2022-02-05 04:09

Okay, so I have a huge backlog of fiction updates to post to this site, but since I don't want to put up a ton all at once I'll just do a couple each day (Like, one chapter for each story.) You can view my AO3 account if you want to see more right away. (Link to that on my profile.)

***

Cleaning the restroom was supposed to be Shelby’s chore. However, she’d seemingly found a way to avoid doing it forever. She would just procrastinate and procrastinate, tell her Dad and Emmett that she’d get it done ‘later’ and allow for the mildew and other nastiness to build up until Emmett just couldn’t stand it anymore and cleaned it himself.

It was a fool-proof system, really.

But, Emmett hated it. He had absolutely had it with cleaning all the sticky slime that built up on the shower walls, scrubbing out the toilet, removing the hair from the drain, and all that other disgusting stuff when it wasn’t even supposed to be his job! He already did all his own chores, he didn’t need to have to handle Shelby’s, too!

So, one weekend while Dad was away at the hardware store, Emmett thought he’d come up with a method to force Shelby to do her own job for once. “You are going to go in that bathroom,” he began, trying to project what little authority he could muster. “And, you are not going to come out until it’s done.” He was positive that, once Shelby got either bored or hungry enough, she would do it. “I don’t want to see that door opening until that room is spotless!”

She argued a bit with him, but eventually agreed. “Alright, fine. I promise I’ll do it.”

Emmett smiled to himself. No more digging revolting hair clumps from the shower drain! He went to his room to relax and read a book. He got lost in the story for quite some time, imagining himself as the brave knight in the story who would never cower or run away from a little dirt, not when there were dragons to fight. He was trying very hard to picture what his life would be like if he were the character in the book; Not just what it would be like to live in a world of high fantasy, but to live with a brain that didn’t sound all the alarm bells at the slightest provocation. He could scarcely imagine a life that wasn’t dominated by hand-washing routines and showering.

Eventually, his attention was pulled away from the imaginary world of the text, when he began to feel a reminder of the water he’d had at breakfast. He stood from his bed and walked across the hallway to the restroom, turned the knob and—

Click.

It was locked.

It was then that Emmett remembered he’d ordered Shelby to clean the room. He knocked. “Hey,” he said. “How’s it coming?”

“Gonna be a while,” Shelby responded from the other side.

“Ah, well, could you let me in for a second?”

“You said not to open the door until the room’s spotless,” Shelby said, and Emmett swore there was a hint of laughter in her voice.

“Yes, I did say that,” Emmett agreed. “But, I didn’t mean it literally. I just meant you weren’t allowed to stop working until—“

“Hey now, we had a deal,” Shelby said. “I promised not to open the door until I’ve finished cleaning.”

Emmett rolled his eyes up towards the ceiling. Okay. Fine. He’d go use the other restroom. He clomped off in the opposite direction for his Dad's room, and made his way through it until he reached the master bath. His bladder began to loosen as his hand reached for his zip.

His hand abruptly stopped moving when he saw the note on the door.

Emmett, Shelby,

Do not use this restroom. The toilet does not flush properly and will flood the room. I’ll be home soon to fix it.

- Dad

Then, he started to panic. He paced back and forth. His bladder hadn’t felt so full a few seconds ago, but now that he knew he’d have to hold it until after Dad got back home and repaired the toilet, he felt a lot more desperate.

He took a few steadying breaths. Dad would be home soon, and Shelby would probably get bored before then and let him in, anyway. He’d always been far more patient than his sister, he could outlast her. Easy.

He returned to his bedroom and picked up his book. He just had to wait a little while, just until Shelby got bored of this game. He could handle that.

Another hour passed, and Emmett could no longer concentrate on his book at all. He kept reading the same sentence over and over and over without processing it. And, now, when he imagined himself as the main character, he just kept wondering if the knight’s armor was difficult to take apart when he needed to pee. He kept thinking about how lucky the knight was, because he was voyaging through a forest and could just go behind a bush before he got too desperate. He kept wishing he could enter the world of the book, not to see the dragons or to watch battles, but just to take a really massive leak on one of the trees.

Were there toilets in the world of the book? There hadn’t been any mentioned… Except, there was one part where the knight was in the house of a gnome and noticed a chamber pot under the gnome’s bed. The idea of a chamber pot had seemed awful gross to Emmett when he’d first read the line, but now he wished he could have one under his own bed.

He put the book down, noticing his legs had become very tightly crossed over the course of the last hour, his hips spasmed periodically as his bladder continually sent him hot, sharp, painful twinges. Why was Dad still not home!? Emmett knew his Dad sometimes liked to just wander around the hardware store and look at tools he could use for potential ‘projects’ that never seemed to come to pass… But, would it kill him to stop and consider the state of his son’s poor bladder?

Maybe… Maybe Shelby had done her job by now? Maybe she’d let him in? He scrambled from his bed and across the hall. When he reached the door for the restroom, he danced on the spot. His legs rubbed against each other and one hand pressed into his groin while the other reached to turn the doorknob.

It was still locked.

“Shelby?” Emmett called. “Uh~Um… Could you let me in for a second?”

“That would require opening the door,” Shelby said. “And, you told me not to do that, remember?”

“I know what I said!” Emmett whined, stomping his feet, twisting and turning as his hands clutched at his crotch for dear life. “But, I— I wasn’t thinking. Just— Please?” He knocked on the door again, his urgent, frantic feelings building and building.

“What’s the matter?” Shelby asked in a mock sing-song. “Is there something you need in here? I can just slide it under the door!”

“You can’t!” Emmett whimpered. “And I’m pretty sure you already KNOW what I need!”

“Mmm, nope. No idea.”

“I need the toilet,” Emmett hissed out. “Please, just let me use it? It will only take a minute!”

“No. Sorry. We had an agreement,” Shelby said.

“Shelby, please!?” Emmett begged, beginning to practically jog in place. “I just— You don’t understand how much— It’s an emergency!”

“You’re always yelling at me to clean the restroom,” Shelby said. “And, now that I’m doing it, you’re still yelling at me anyway?” She blew out a sigh. “Sheesh, there’s just no winning with you, is there?”

“There is winning!” Emmett said. “You win when you let me pee!”

“Go use the other bathroom.”

“I can’t, Dad needs to fix the toilet.”

“Go in the sink or the tub, then.”

“That’s disgusting!”

“Says the guy who pissed out his bedroom window last month!”

“That was—“ Emmett groaned, grimacing as a pulse of urine trickled into his boxers. His grip on himself tightened, but he could feel more liquid still pounding against his opening. “That was a very desperate situation, I don’t know what I was thinki—“

“And this one isn’t?”

“I don’t bathe or wash my hands on the grass outside my window!” Emmett snapped. This was ridiculous! He couldn’t believe he was so close to an accident just outside his own bathroom! “But, I DO do those things in the sink and the shower!”

“You don’t bathe in Dad's shower,” Shelby said. “And, I pee in our shower all the time, it’s no big deal.”

“Why did you have to tell me that?!” Emmett whined out as his knees turned towards each other. His bladder was screaming, standing outside the restroom door was making it worse. So many times, the sight of that door had meant ‘Relief’s just a few seconds away! Time to pee!’ and his bladder seemed to be very confused as to why it was still full.

“I was just letting you know so you'd feel better about peeing in Dad’s shower.”

“I’m not doing that!” Emmett yelled back. He was breathing heavily now. He had to pee so bad it was painful. His urethra was stinging as his fingers kept trying to pinch it shut.

“Then pee out your window again. I don’t care how you do it.”

“It’s daylight!”

“There’s a fence.”

“A WIRE fence; People can see through it!”

“Yeesh, picky-picky!” Shelby sighed.

“Shelby!” Emmett exclaimed. “Just, please let me use the toilet? I’ll do something for you! Whatever you wa—“

“Oh, hold on, Emmett,” Shelby said. “I kinda have to pee.”

Emmett’s blood ran cold. She wouldn’t do THAT to him, would she?

Sure enough, he heard the toilet being opened, followed by a thin trickle of liquid and Shelby’s sigh. “Ahhhh, that’s much better,” she said.

There was a second trickle of liquid then, but this one landed in Emmett’s clothing, and not into a toilet. “Nnnh!” He whimpered, clutching and squirming and doing every pee-dance move he could think of.

“It’s so hard to concentrate on other things when you have to pee really bad, isn’t it?” Shelby asked, still midstream.

Her words were like a baseball bat to his bladder, and all at once he couldn’t take it anymore. He rushed into the living room to escape the sound of relief that wasn’t his. He needed to find somewhere to go, and he needed to find it in the next couple minutes. ‘Come on, come on!’ He ordered himself. ‘Think!’

He could… He could go to Nova’s house! Yeah, that would work. It would be super embarrassing to turn up on her doorstep so obviously on the verge of an accident— Not to mention the people who might see his fidgety, desperate walk on his way there— But, she’d let him go!

No. No. That wouldn’t work. It was too far to walk when his bladder was in such awful shape. And, he couldn’t use his window again, what if someone was walking past and saw him? He noticed the vase that stood in one corner of the living room… No. That was so gross. How would he clean it back out again? And, he’d get into so much trouble! No vase.

Even if its plain, white color was making it look an awful lot like a urinal now…

No.

He shuddered as another spurt of pee soaked his clothes. He could feel it rolling all the way down his leg. He couldn’t take it anymore! He just couldn’t!

“You don’t use the other tub,” Emmett said quietly to himself. “You can wash it out after you’re done. You— You don’t have a choice. You have to go somewhere…” Defeated, and utterly revolted by the knowledge of what he was about to do, he stumbled and hobbled back to his Dad's bathroom. He ignored the note taped to the door and walked in. He started dribbling up an absolute storm when he saw the toilet, his bladder not understanding that it was out of order.

Still, his hands scrambled madly at his zipper, and once it was down, he aimed himself into the tub. For a second, nothing happened. His brain was screaming at him that this was disgusting and wrong, that he should be ashamed of himself for even trying this. That he should pull his zip back up right this second and hold it until he could use a toilet. He fought these thoughts down, and a stuttering, spurting trickle began to pour into the tub.

He wasn’t peeing as strongly as he needed to, but at least he was peeing at all. And not into his pants. “Ahhhh,” he exhaled. That was better… His bladder began to shrink, depleting itself of the massive quantity of urine he’d been forcing it to contain. “Mmmmmm…..” he murmured. He shut his eyes, both because the relief was making him feel a little dazed, and because he wanted to forget that he was peeing into a tub and not a toilet.

But, removing the visual aspect wasn’t enough to make him forget what he was doing; The sound was too obvious. His stream had picked up speed and force the longer he’d let it flow, and with that it had gotten much louder. It pounded the material of the tub, sounding like a torrential rainstorm spraying onto a metal roof. It was so loud, he couldn’t hear anything else over top of it.

He couldn’t hear the TV that had been left running. He couldn’t hear the birds that were outside. He couldn’t hear the front door opening. He couldn’t hear his Dad walking through the house. He couldn’t hear the doorknob being twisted.

He could, however, hear his Dad speak; “What are you doing!?”

Emmett jumped, and tilted his head to face his Dad. Emmett’s pee stopped flowing then… For about five seconds. His urethra seemed to catch fire, and his holding muscles stung like they’d been electrocuted. Even though he’d tried to stop peeing, he just couldn’t, and right away he was gushing once more. His face flamed red hot as his bladder forcibly drained itself into the bathtub while his Dad stared at him.

Emmett said nothing, and was unsure of where to look. He decided to direct his attention back to his stream, instead of the look on Dad’s face. He gave a push, trying to speed it up and finish faster.

Dad didn’t say anything else, either, and he too didn’t seem to know where he was supposed to look. When it registered to him how much liquid his son was expelling, he did feel a small hint of sympathy that he’d evidently needed to go really badly. But still, of the twins, Emmett was certainly NOT the one he’d ever expect to find doing something like this.

When the sound of liquid relentlessly striking the bathtub ceased for another second, Dad assumed Emmett was done and tried to say something… Only for his son to release another long, loooong spurt of pee. Once that was out, Emmett started to breathe a little heavily as he zipped up. He turned around to face his Dad, shame-faced. “I’m… I’m really sorry. I just… I couldn’t wait. I’m sorry, I’ll clean it out real well, and—“

Dad held up a hand, “It’s… Son… Why did you do that? It’s so unlike you to make messes.”

Emmett looked down at his feet. “I told you; I couldn’t hold it anymore, I just had to go somewhere.”

Dad didn’t disbelieve him, it was obvious how big of an emergency that had been. But… “I know the toilet in here is having problems, but why didn’t you use the other?”

“I told Shelby to clean the bathroom like she’s supposed to, and to not open the door until she was finished, and—“

“I see,” Dad sighed, understanding immediately.

A few minutes later, all three of them were at the kitchen table. “That was a very mean thing to do to your brother,” Dad said.

“I know,” Shelby said. “And, I’m sorry.”

“I did not exactly plan on seeing him using my bathtub as an emergency toilet today,” Dad added. “You—“

Shelby snorted, “You actually did that?” she asked.

Emmett blushed. “I told you I couldn’t hold it. I told you that so many times.” He lowered his voice to barely above a whisper. “I… I was nearly having an accident…”

“I thought you were exaggerating,” Shelby admitted. “I swear, I didn’t realize it was that bad. I was just trying to tease you. I didn’t— I didn’t think it was going too far.”

“Well, it was!” Emmett said. “I can’t believe I did that… And Dad saw, and—“

“I’m sorry,” Shelby said. “I got carried away. Sorry. I’ll… I’ll actually clean the bathroom from now on, I promise.”

“Thanks,” Emmett said. “But, today I think you’re gonna have to clean up Dad’s tub, too.”

*007*2022-02-05 18:08

Emmett wasn’t very good at public speaking. He stuttered and spoke with a lisp, and he was sure any point he was actually trying to make would be negated by his timid, soft voice that shook with every word. This was why he hated having to give oral reports at school. No one took him seriously. They snickered every time he stumbled over a word or repeated a syllable. And since part of the grade was dependent upon how well he spoke, he could never manage to get more than a C no matter how well researched his actual report was.

Emmett was going to have to give another of those reports today in Geography class. He was exceedingly proud of the written portion, he’d been up late multiple nights researching the Great Lakes of North America and making sure he had all of his facts correct. But, he knew that no matter how well written the report was, no matter how much work he’d put into it, he just couldn’t make it over the final hurdle of having to read it aloud to a classroom full of people. It was so frustrating.

At lunch that day, Nova offered him a potential solution in the form of a baby blue can of liquid. “How will soda make me speak better?” he asked.

“It’s not soda,” Nova said. “It’s a relaxation drink. It’s made out of…” She turned the can over in her hand. “Dandelion tea, lavender, lemon balm and chamomile, and some other stuff. It’s supposed to make you feel less nervous if you drink it. It’s worked for me a couple times when I have to take a test. Except—“

“I’ll try it,” Emmett said. Anything to rescue his grade, anything to keep people from giggling when his tongue flopped around like a dying fish and caused him to fumble over his words. He took the can and drank it down quickly. Considering how intense his anxiety could get, he decided he should probably have more than just one. “Are there more?”

Nova nodded and handed him a second can, “Yes, but—“

Emmett polished this one off pretty fast as well. “Hm?”

“I was… I just— Please make sure you use the restroom BEFORE you give your report, okay? Trust me, you’ll really regret it if you don’t.”

Emmett nodded, and told her that he would. But, he wasn’t so sure if he ACTUALLY would. He only peed at school if it was an emergency, if he was close to having an accident. Otherwise he held it in until he could use the clean restroom at home instead. He also didn’t think two cans of liquid would be enough to send him over the edge. Especially not so quickly. His very next class was the one he’d be giving his report in, and he doubted all that he’d just had to drink would make its way to his bladder quite THAT fast.

After lunch as he headed for his class, he passed the door for the restroom. He recalled the warning, but he didn’t feel like he needed to go any worse than he normally did at this time of day. It wasn’t worth touching all the dirty things in that room when he didn’t even need to pee that much.

And, he actually was feeling a little calmer. Whatever was in those drinks was really working! His hands weren’t shaking, his lip wasn’t quivering, and he wasn’t fantasizing about hiding somewhere to avoid giving his report like he usually did. He was amazed by how unafraid he felt, like whatever neurons in his head that normally shouted at him that he was in constant danger were being held back and restrained by whatever magical ingredients had been in those beverages. He could do this!

He skipped the restroom and went straight to class, eager to show everyone that he really could give a coherent and clear presentation. He almost even volunteered to go first, but realized he still didn’t feel THAT brave just yet.

As his classmate gave her report on the Rocky Mountains, Emmett listened patiently, deciding he’d go next. He’d give his report, and he’d give it well, and he’d know that he’d found an answer; He’d continue having those drinks every day he knew he’d be speaking in front of his class. Just as he started to think of how wonderful a lifesaver those drinks could turn out to be, something happened that caused him to seriously second guess that idea.

A debilitating NEED to empty his bladder suddenly slammed into him. There was no warning. No steady build-up of his urge. No nothing. It took him by complete surprise and actually made him gasp sharply. He’d never felt anything like that; He’d never been perfectly fine one second and then find himself needing to fight as hard as he could to keep from peeing his pants the next. Was this supposed to happen? Was he having an allergic reaction to the drinks?

Maybe that was it. His body was trying to flush it all out before it damaged him. Oh. ‘Flush’… He should NOT have thought about flushing… What if that wasn’t it, though? What if, instead, the drink was making him terribly sick, and this was the first symptom? What if he was filled with something he hadn’t realized his body considered toxic? He started to breathe a little heavily, panicked.

His out of control inhalation was shaking the walls of his bladder, making it all the more determined to spray out all of its contents with or without his permission. He crossed his ankles and clamped down on his crotch with his hands when he felt himself already beginning to dribble.

Nova was beside him. She leaned over and whispered; “Did you go before class like I said?”

“No,” Emmett admitted. “I didn’t have to, then…” He blushed ferociously. “But, now… What’s happening to me?”

“I think it’s the dandelion,” Nova said. “It goes right through you.”

It certainly HAD gone right through him! He felt a little better upon learning that apparently this was a normal reaction, but he didn’t feel all that more relaxed. Right. ‘Relaxed’. That was how he was SUPPOSED to be feeling right now. That was what the drinks were SUPPOSED to have done for him. But instead, now he was scared he’d pee all over the floor as he stood, stuttering at the front of the classroom.

He was also alarmed by the fact his need seemed to be getting even worse. And it was getting worse FAST. It was like, every few seconds, another entire cup of pee was dumped into his bladder and it became an even bigger struggle to keep it inside. He was not going to make it home today, he had a better chance of teaching a giraffe how to ride a unicycle. He didn’t even think he could last through the rest of this class. It was embarrassing, but he was gonna have to ask to be excused. One hand shot up while the other continued gripping onto the front of his pants.

“Yes?” Ms. Baker asked. “Did you want to go next?”

He very much wanted to ‘go’ next… “Uh—Um—“

“Don’t be nervous, Emmett,” she said. “I’m proud of you for finally volunteering.” Ordinarily, he never asked to present his report. He just sat there quietly until everyone else had gone and he no longer had a choice. Maybe volunteering would help improve his overall grade? He now thought it was a bad idea to admit he’d only wanted to ask for permission to pee…

“O—Okay,” Emmett stammered, forcing himself to his feet, an action his bladder violently protested. Gravity took hold, the liquid within his body all pushed downwards towards the ground. He clenched his thighs together as he tore his hand away from his crotch as quickly as he could; Like ripping off a bandaid. To his amazement, he didn’t leak. He remained dry as he fumbled to the front of the room and looked at the report he’d written on… The Great Lakes.

Right.

Just the word ‘lakes’ made him start to sway from side to side, legs quivering. If he didn’t get through this fast, then his report was gonna end up including an unexpected visual aid…

“Start going,” Ms. Baker encouraged.

Oh, how Emmett wished he COULD! Instead, he forced himself to begin reading. “Th—The Great Lakes are interconnected freshwater lakes located in the upper east of North America. They connect with the Atlantic Ocean through the Saint Lawrence River… They are the largest group of freshwater lakes in the world by area, and second largest by volume.” He paused as his bladder convulsed once more, letting him know that the FIRST largest lake by volume was soon to be flooding down his pant-legs.

He flinched at the sudden intensifying of his need, pressing his legs right up against each other, trying to keep his member pinched shut between them. “They have been called inland seas,” Emmett continued. “Because they have r—rolling w-waves…” At his own words, he felt his bladder begin to roll, tossing and turning in his midsection as it fought to break free of the hold he was trying to maintain over it.

“More than twenty percent of all the world’s freshwater is in the Great Lakes,” he read. ‘And the other eighty percent is in my bladder right now!’ he thought miserably. “The Great Lakes contain enough water to cover all of the continental United States to a depth of nearly ten feet. They are the primary water source for more than forty million people. He continued reading for several minutes, jumping in place where he stood, occasionally pacing a couple steps back and forth, and clamping both hands firmly on his papers so he wouldn’t grip his crotch instead.

He was trying to speak as quickly as possible, to power through so he could pee! He didn’t even realize that, by being so focused on his bladder and not on the people staring at him and listening to him, he had barely stuttered at all. He was speaking louder than usual as well, his urgency had made it impossible for him to control the volume of his voice.

He turned the page, and a drip of urine slid down his shaft to bloom warm and damp in his boxers. He wanted to go back in time and slap his past self in the face for writing THIS part. “Due to climate change, the Great Lakes are currently reaching record high water levels with no signs of receding any time soon,” he read. “They are filled to their brims.” Another squirt of pee soaked out as he finished the sentence.

“The beach on the eastern shore of Lake Michigan is now mostly buried beneath lapping water. People who have beachfront property are at risk of…” One of his hands flew off his paper, darted downward to give his crotch a quick squeeze under the guise of ‘adjusting himself’. “Are at risk of flooding…” He crossed his legs tightly and leaned against the wall, taking a steadying breath.

“The water levels in the Great Lakes have always changed throughout history, but recently these changes have been more extreme than anything previously recorded. The past decade has been the wettest for The Great Lakes, precipitation over the lakes has risen ten percent over the past hundred years and is predicted to rise another ten percent in the next, while the rate of evaporation has slowed down. These changes are attributed to climate change, a warmer atmosphere, and an increase in the Earth’s temperature. Because of this, instead of being absorbed in the dirt, the excess rainfall has been running off into rivers that flow into the lakes. As a result, the lakes are overflowing with liquid, and the once accessible beaches have been flooded over.”

Emmett tried to turn off his brain, to read these words without visualizing anything about their meaning. But, that proved to be entirely impossible. The poor lakes! Being forced to contain more water than they were meant to, having even more streaming into them all the time, having so much inside that it was making them overflow and maybe even cause floods… They must have been so uncomfortable! Emmett’s knees turned in towards each other as he continued forcing himself to read the all-too vivid descriptions he’d written. Finally, he was finished with the paper. “Th—Thank you for listening!” He rushed out breathlessly. “Ms. Baker, I—“

Ms. Baker interrupted him, “Do you have any thoughts on what you learned?”

“Uh—Um, I guess I hope we can start doing things to reverse the effects of climate change? B—Because the lakes can’t be expected to contain so much? It’s too much, I can’t— I mean, THEY can’t hold it.”

“Thank you for your report,” Ms. Baker said. “You may return to your se—“

“May I use the restroom?” Emmett mumbled.

Ms. Baker frowned. “You were doing really well with speaking clearly a moment ago, let’s keep that up. What did you sa—“

“May I please use the restroom? Please?”

There was a bit of laughter from some of his classmates. No doubt they thought the idea of someone having to recite facts about overflowing lakes while on the verge of an accident was humorous for some reason!

“Yes you may,” Ms. Baker said. “But, please hurry back.”

Emmett was rushing for the door before she’d even finished talking. Once he was in the hallway, his hands crammed themselves into the crease of his clenched legs. Finally being able to give himself a good squeeze helped a little, but the meagre relief only lasted him a second before the awful throbbing re-emerged.

He took tiny, tight steps down the hallway and pushed open the door to the restroom. Finally… Except, when he got himself to the urinals, he found that some psychopath had taken a dump in one of them, and plugged the other up with a wad of toilet paper. What was wrong with the people he had to go to school with!?

He released his zipper, no way he was peeing in such a disgusting thing, what if there was splashback? He’d have to use a stall. But… What if whatever maniac had messed up the urinals had touched the doors to the stalls with his unwashed hands? He shuddered at the thought of placing one of his own hands to those doors now.

So, instead he nudged one open with his foot and quickly scrambled in. It was hard to lift his foot up that high when he badly wanted to keep his legs coiled together, and he lost one more spurt in the process. The toilet was clean enough to be usable, thank goodness. He really preferred a bit more privacy when using a stall to relieve himself, but couldn’t bring himself to touch the lock in order to close it.

He released his hold on himself and gripped his zip before giving it a tug… And then another tug. And another.

Ohhhh, come on! What now!?

His zipper was snagged. Caught. Stuck. And his hands were shaking so violently with need that he couldn’t manage to get it apart! The toilet was just sitting there taunting him now. This was so unfair! He’d given his report, he’d held so much in, he’d made it to the restroom! And now he was gonna have an accident anyway in spite of all of that!?

He needed help; The only answer he could come up with was the school nurse. The idea of asking the woman to fix his zipper before he peed his pants made him blush all the way down to his shoulders, but he couldn’t think of any other solutions! He quickly made his way out of the restroom, and found the hallways were now full. Class had ended, it seemed.

Shelby was waiting for him next to the restroom door; “Wow, that was hilarious,” she said. “I hope you didn’t think you were being subtle in there, I thought you were gonna be standing in a lake of your own when you got to the part about ‘floodi—‘“ She stopped abruptly, noticing her brother’s hunched over body. “You… Still need to go,” she stated. “Emmett, seriously, I know the school toilets are gross, but you have t—“

“My zipper’s stuck!” Emmett informed in what he hoped was a whisper, but probably wasn’t.

Shelby snorted, “Aww, that sucks… You want me to help you?”

He supposed that having his twin sister help him out was a little less embarrassing than asking the school nurse… And he wouldn’t have to walk so far while his bladder hurt this badly. “Yes, please!”

Shelby knelt down, but he stopped her.

“Nnnh, not in the hallway, it’s too—“

She sighed, stood up, and tugged him into the men’s room.

“Shelby! You can’t be in h—“

“Would you rather I take you into the ladies’?” Shelby asked, returning to his zipper. “Could you try to hold still? I can’t get it apart if you keep this whole Mexican Jumping Bean routine of yours up.”

“I can’t help it!” Emmett whined as he fought to keep his body still. It wouldn’t listen to him, however. His legs were twisting and his toes were bouncing of their own volition. “It’s… It’s really bad!” Against his will, a hand went to press against his crotch once more.

“Now, I REALLY can’t do it if your hand’s in the way,” Shelby said.

Emmett cringed as he released his grip on himself. “Please hurry…”

The door opened, a boy stood at the threshold and stared for a moment, then backed out as Emmett tried to stammer an apology and explanation. However, yelling “She’s just my sister!” had probably only made their positions appear even worse in that boy’s eyes.

“Calm down,” Shelby said. “I’ve almost got it…”

Emmett heard the extremely welcome, blessed sound of a zipper being pulled down. Once more, he used his foot to enter a stall and ignored the lock he was certain was contaminated. The seat was still down, and normally he’d wrap some toilet paper around his hand to raise it up, but there was no time for that. He was urinating before he’d even gotten the chance to aim, a spray of pee spattering the seat. He winced, feeling awful for making a mess, but a split second later the relief slammed into him and he lost all ability to care. “Ahhhh….”

He then heard his sister giggling.

“Y—You’re STILL here?” Emmett cried.

“Heheheh,” Shelby laughed. “That’s… Quite a noise you just made…”

“I…” Emmett felt himself heating up, and when he couldn’t help but sigh a second time as his stream continued its uncontrollable pour into the bowl, he felt even more embarrassment flooding his synapses.

“I mean, it sounds like you’re doing something OTHER than peeing in there, to tell you the truth.”

“Why are you even still here, nutcase?”

“Because I’m worried about you, wouldn’t want you to have an accident.”

“I’m…” Emmett panted a little… This felt way better than it had any right to. “I’m fine, so you can leave.” His stream was totally clear, it looked like he was peeing out nothing but water. For whatever reason, when his pee came out clear it tended to feel extra good to let it flow. “So… Leave?”

“Once I know for sure you’re okay,” Shelby said.

Emmett’s annoyed groan quickly transformed into yet another satisfied sigh. The feeling of his bladder steadily deflating back to a reasonable size was just too enjoyable for him to feel that upset about anything. And, it was only because of Shelby that he’d been able to feel this wonderful sensation of long-desired release, he shouldn’t be TOO snippy with her…

His pee kept gushing away for about a minute, and he shook himself off with one last relieved moan. He was actually able to stand up straight again! He zipped back up, his zipper choosing to cooperate a little better now, and exited the stall to scrub his hands.

Shelby was looking at the urinals Emmett hadn’t been able to use. “I thought you weren’t supposed to take shits in those?”

“You aren’t,” Emmett confirmed as he pumped several squirts of soap onto his hands before plunging them beneath the hot water from the sink. “But, we apparently go to school with Lucifer himself.”

*008*2022-02-06 16:59

Emmett hated Devon.

Emmett hated Devon’s smirk. Emmett hated the way Devon mocked him every time he spoke. Emmett hated how Devon thought the anxiety disorder he had to live with was comedy gold. Emmett hated how Devon was forever coming up with new ways to bother him and make him uncomfortable.

Emmett glowered at the sweaty, unwashed gym mats propped against the wall and decided that he hated them too.

He hated them because they were a reminder of the situation Devon had placed him into today. It was after hours at school. Emmett and Devon had been asked by a teacher to grab something from this supply closet. She’d given them the keys and sent them on their way. They’d both gone into the closet, Devon had procured the item, then slammed the door shut on Emmett and locked it.

Emmett had asked Devon to open it back up right away, his voice wavering with the same nervous tinge it always had, especially whenever Devon was around. “C—Come on, this isn’t funny. I don’t wanna spend all night in here…”

But, he hadn’t even gotten a response. Devon was already gone.

Emmett had then tried knocking on the door and creating enough of a ruckus that someone would surely hear and come to free him.

But no one had.

He wasn’t sure how long he’d been stuck in the closet for, but it had already been too long. It was difficult for him to realistically gauge the amount of time that had passed because he was deeply, deeply uncomfortable.

The sweat-covered, smelly gym mats made him uncomfortable because they were no doubt crawling with all manner of bacteria and disease. The darkness made him uncomfortable because it made it hard to discern if he was accidentally touching something filthy. The silence made him uncomfortable because it told him that no one was around to help him out.

His bladder made him uncomfortable because its current volume probably rivaled a swimming pool.

He hadn’t peed at all during the school day as usual, so he could avoid dealing with the grody toilets and the urine that spattered the floor around them. And, as usual, once the day was over he was eager to get on the bus and go home to get relief. But, of course, he COULDN’T get on the bus and go home to get relief. Instead, all he could do was stand in this dark closet, breathing in the germs from the gym mats, while twisting up his legs and cupping his dick as urgency pounded into him like a jackhammer.

He knew that if Shelby got onto the bus and he wasn’t there, she’d come to look for him. But, Shelby had pretended to be sick that morning to get out of taking a test she was unprepared for. So, Emmett couldn’t hope for her to come to his rescue. She had no way of knowing he was in trouble.

‘When enough time passes and I’m not home, Shelby will be worried,’ Emmett told himself. ‘If I’m not home at the usual time, she’ll notice then.’ Unless she was playing a video game. Then she wouldn’t notice anything. She wouldn’t notice what time it was. She wouldn’t notice Emmett wasn’t there… ‘But, if Dad gets back from work and I’m not in the house, he’ll worry…’

Except, Dad got home late in the evening. And it would take him a bit to realize Emmett was missing. And even longer to figure out where he was… Emmett knew he couldn’t hold it that long. Not with how strong the pressure in his middle already was. His bladder felt like an overflowing water balloon that would burst at the slightest poke. It felt like the skin of his midsection was tearing. He actually lifted his shirt up to check, certain that he would see droplets of blood as his bladder seared its way through his flesh.

But, that hadn’t happened. Not yet, anyway. If he didn’t pee soon though, it probably would. He was certain that, if he’d been able to take the bus, he would be home by now. He’d be home, and in the restroom, his zipper down and his stream flowing away into the bowl. All the agony and pressure leaving his body as he peed and peed and peed and—

A shaky dribble bulldozed its way past his aching pelvic muscles and began to slide, warm and slick down his leg. His hands returned to pressing down onto his crotch, his hips thrusting into the pressure of his palms. ‘Don’t think about peeing,’ he ordered himself. ‘Don’t think about it.’ But, it was hard NOT to think about peeing when he was starting to think that he’d sell his soul to Satan in exchange for a urinal. True, since Satan was Satan and all, it would probably be the filthiest, most disgusting urinal on Earth, but Emmett was to the point that that wouldn’t matter so long as he could finally relieve himself.

He shook his head several times at the direction his thoughts had taken. He must have been so full of pee that it was leaking into his brain and making him go crazy. His thighs strained against one another as he tightened his grip on his cock. He tried, once more, to think of something that didn’t involve peeing.

He went over the plot to the book he’d just read, but then he started wondering about what would happen if a dragon slayer really, really needed the restroom in the middle of a battle. Obviously, the dragon slayer couldn’t just wet himself. If he did that, the dragon would think he was very weak, and would probably breathe fire on him and burn him to a crisp for wasting its time. Emmett remembered there was actually a scene in the dragon slayer book where the main character had to go while speaking with a king. He remembered there was a line about how relieved the character was to be shown to his private quarters for the night where a chamber pot awaited him…

Emmett cringed and stomped in place. His bladder was painfully distended in his center, and his urge had built to a horrendously unendurable level. His legs twisted up unnaturally, he could feel his feet starting to tingle from the loss of blood-flow. What he wouldn’t give to have a chamber pot in this room with him now…

Wait, that was actually a good idea!

Maybe there was something in here he could pee into?

He tried to shake off the thought. Peeing into something that was not meant for peeing was completely revolting. He had done it a few times, and each time had made him feel sick and disgusting. It would feel even worse if he did it into something that belonged to his school, because he knew he’d be in huge trouble for soiling it. He imagined himself getting suspended for a few days because he’d flooded a piece of school property full of his urine. Maybe he’d even be expelled!

No. He couldn’t do that. He shouldn’t even look. He should just assume that there were zero potential peeing receptacles in here and forget the whole thing.

Except… There was a really large mop bucket resting right in the corner.

The idea of crouching over it, unzipping and just… Letting it all out…

Following his thoughts, his bladder seemed to drop downwards, pressing violently against his sphincters. His clutching hands were no match for the immense straining pulsing from within, and three half-second long spurts of urine soaked through in rapid succession. Each time he managed to grind his flow to a stop, it would begin again, sending more jets and dribbles down his shaking legs. It took him an extreme amount of jiggling, bouncing, squeezing and twisting to get the awful spasm under control enough to stop all the leaking.

He couldn’t use the bucket. He just couldn’t. No matter how good it would feel to stop holding back, he absolutely could not urinate in the mop bucket. He would be in trouble if anyone found out. He’d feel disgusting. And, well, he couldn’t continue going to school knowing that the floors had been cleaned using something he’d peed into. He knew that last one was pretty illogical, the bucket was probably scrubbed at least occasionally, and if smelled like pee the janitor would definitely clean it out… But still, Emmett couldn’t stop thinking that it wouldn’t actually get washed, and he knew he’d never be able to shake the feeling that the hallway floors were drenched in his urine.

No bucket.

He had to hold it.

Emmett unbuttoned his pants to try to make that a little easier. His waistband finally stopped cutting into the round swell of his abdomen and he felt noticeably better. But, it only took a minute or so before the agonizing, pulsating misery reared its ugly head again. So, he unzipped as well. But, when the sound of his zipper coming apart met his ears, his bladder thought for sure that that was its cue to let go, and his leaking returned full-force.

He jammed his hands inside his open fly, wrapping them firmly around his cock and squeezing with all his strength. His heart was beating rapidly, out of control like a wild drummer. His ears were ringing. He felt the loss of breath and bleary fear that usually preceded a panic attack. He tried to take slow, deep inhales to calm himself down— If he worked himself up into a panic attack, he would lose control over his bladder for sure!— But, as he breathed in, he felt his skin stretching over the swollen ball of piss in his middle, it felt like he was being stabbed. He couldn’t do his usual breathing exercise to soothe himself now, it hurt too much.

It felt like a fire was burning in his core, he was just so full of so much boiling hot piss that his body was flashing with intense heat all over. His entire lower body seemed to consist of nothing but tense muscles and gallons upon gallons of pee, all pressing with so much force against his exhausted sphincters. He was certain that if he let himself relax for a moment, his body would transform into a fire hose.

More pulsing, more pain, more swelling. Everything was tight, tense, clutched, stinging and full of sore, aching pressure. He was totally folded over, his hands kneading into his crotch, drips falling from his tired pee-hole.

His entire world had narrowed to the thin, pulsating, burning, tormented exhaustion of his urethral opening. This was unbearable. This was impossible A human body could only endure so much physical agony before it broke, and Emmett’s body could not take any more. He had to let his muscles give out. He had to let them slacken. He had to stop holding it.

He couldn’t hold it any longer.

Hands still squeezing his dick, he hobbled over to the mop bucket. ‘You have to do this,’ he kept telling himself. ‘You’re going to hurt yourself if you don’t go. You’ll get an infection. You’ll make yourself very sick. You have no choice.’ He drew his cock out and aimed it down at the bucket.

His abused sphincters relaxed. A few drops sprinkled into the bucket. Then, he started to trickle. Then, he was letting out a stream. Then, a fire hose. Then, a roaring, intense ocean. He unleashed a flood. Hours upon hours of long held liquid torture spilled forth.

He let out a deep, throaty moan as his shoulders drooped and his head tipped backwards. “Ohhhhh….” His eyes rolled back a little, he felt like he was floating through soft clouds. He shivered, his body vibrating from the relief and the power of so much piss spraying out of his opening with such intense force. He didn’t hurt anymore. He felt nothing but pleasure. He had released a torrential downpour of wonderful relaxation. He was stunned he could go from such intense misery to such all-consuming joy in such a short amount of time, but he had. His mind went totally blank. There was nothing but moaning, and relief, and so much peeing… It was so—

The door creaked open. “Wha—What are you doing!?”

Emmett turned his head slightly, trying to cut off his stream. He managed to stop peeing for about a second, but then his gushing flow returned at full-force. He moaned once again, completely involuntarily. “Ahhhh…”

Earlier, when he’d been considering potential people who may show up and get him out of here, he’d completely forgotten the night janitor… The man who would DEFINITELY come to this closet eventually…

He tried to stammer out an apology, but found his mouth was welded shut with embarrassment and nervousness. All he could do was finish peeing… Which, he did a few seconds later, one last shiver working its way up his spine. He zipped up and hunched his shoulders over. His heart was racing again now, his ears were ringing, and he couldn’t quite remember how to breathe. Again, he was on the verge of a panic attack.

He was going to be expelled for this, for sure. He’d have to tell Dad that he got kicked out of school because he couldn’t hold his bladder and had vandalized school property. He tried to take a deep breath, but instead it just got caught in his throat, and now it felt like his lungs were going to explode instead of his bladder.

“What are you even doing here?” the janitor asked.

Emmett launched into a breathless, rambling and difficult to follow explanation as to what had transpired. “I’m really sorry, I didn’t want to, but I had to, and I know I shouldn’t have, but I couldn’t help it, and I couldn’t get out, and—“

“Slow down,” the janitor said. “You’re not in any trouble right now. I just want to know why this happened.”

Emmett was finally able to breathe at least a little bit. “Devon locked me in here after a teacher asked us to get something, and I… I didn’t want to do THAT in the bucket, I promise. I’ll pay for a new one, I’m sorry. Please don’t expel me.”

“I can’t expel students to begin with,” the janitor said. “But, I will be reporting this to the principal. Not you,” he quickly added at the panic on Emmett’s face. “But this other student. And I can clean the bucket out, that’s the kind of thing they pay me for. Is anyone at your house right now that can come pick you up?”

“I don’t know,” Emmett said. “What time is it?”

“A little after six.”

A little after six. Emmett had been locked in that closet for over three hours… “Yeah, my Dad should be home by now. He’s probably really worried.”

“Go to the office and call him,” the janitor said. “You’re not in any trouble. This wasn’t your fault.”

Emmett felt better at those words. But, he still couldn’t stop thinking about the floors being mopped with a bit of the residue left over from his pee. “You can get the bucket extra clean, right?”

“Of course I can, that’s my job. Don’t worry about it, no one else is going to find out this happened.”

*009*2022-02-07 17:45

Every year, students where Emmett lived had to undergo a series of standardized tests filled with multiple choice questions. The tests were awful, everyone knew, they were specifically designed to be as confusing as possible, filled with trick questions, and questions that were worded so poorly that they didn’t make any sense. The tests were less focused on testing what a student learned at school that year, and more focused on testing their ability to puzzle out what in the world it was even asking them to do in the first place.

There were also very strict rules when these tests were administered. Complete silence was needed at all times, and no one could leave the room for any reason until everyone in the entire building had finished their test. And that could easily last through the entire school day. This was, ostensibly, to prevent students talking about the test and possibly cheating. But, as Emmett wriggled in his chair, he thought that perhaps it was because the test was secretly also supposed to assess a student’s ability to hold their bladder.

The teachers and other administrative figures at the school always emphasized the importance of drinking plenty of water and eating a big breakfast before a testing day. Emmett had done that. For the first time in his life, he’d even had a cup of coffee because he’d been so stressed over the test that he’d barely slept. He’d never had coffee before, he’d always been worried that it would make his anxiety even worse than it already was. Surprisingly, it hadn’t. It had just made him feel more awake and alert and ready to take the dumb test.

If this was what coffee was gonna do to him though, he was never, ever going to drink it again. It had rushed through his body like greased lightning, pooling warm and heavy in his bladder. If he’d felt the sudden, panging need ripple through him earlier, then he would have given into it and made himself use the grody school toilets; He’d know it would have been impossible to hang onto all THIS until he was home. But, he hadn’t felt the urge until he was in the classroom and the tests were being handed out.

The need came out of nowhere, and was unfathomably intense considering he’d peed right before leaving his house. He’d heard that caffeine was a diuretic, and that it made a person need to go, but he hadn’t thought ONE cup would cause such an extreme reaction in him. It felt like all the seven seas were colliding against one another inside his bladder.

The test hadn’t actually started yet… Maybe there was still time? Emmett fought down his embarrassment and raised his hand. He could not keep this in all day. He knew he couldn’t do that. The teacher paused as she placed his test booklet onto his desk. Emmett wasn’t sure who she was, she wasn’t one of his teachers. “Yes?”

“May I please use the restroom?” Emmett requested, trying to keep his tone even in spite of the throbbing pain inside his body. “Since we haven’t actually started yet?”

“No,” the teacher said. “Other classrooms have started. No one can be wandering the halls and speaking with each other about the test.”

Emmett opened his mouth to protest. He wasn’t going to wander the halls, he was going to run for the nearest restroom and release his irritated, coffee-bloated bladder, then he was going to come straight back. And how could he talk to someone about a test he hadn’t even started taking yet? That made zero sense! But, the idea of saying anything confrontational, the idea possibly starting an argument— and with an authority figure, no less!— Sent shockwaves of fear through him that quickly made their ways down to his abdomen and clobbered his bladder. He tightened his thighs as he shifted. “Um… It’s… It’s real urgent,” he said softly.

“You should have gone before school,” the teacher said, swiftly walking on.

Emmett HAD gone before school! He just had to go again NOW. Right now! He was not looking forward to having to figure out the idiotic, stress-inducing test while his bladder pulsated and waves of pain streamed through his body.

Before the test began, the teacher gave a long spiel about the rules. Emmett had heard this speech a bunch of times. These tests came every year, and every year it was the same speech. The only rule he even heard being listed off was the one informing him that there were absolutely zero toilet breaks coming in his near future.

And that was why, now that the test had begun, a throbbing mess was sitting at one of the desks, jiggling up and down. The test consisted of a series of short passages each student had to read, with a handful of questions about each one to answer. The first story was total and complete nonsense. It was about a talking pineapple challenging a hare to a foot race. The other animals in the forest, consisting of a moose a crow and an owl, all believed the pineapple had some sort of trick up its sleeve and cheered it on. The pineapple, of course, did not move and lost the race. Then, all the animals ate it.

What.

Emmett turned the page to read the questions.

1. Why did the animals eat the talking pineapple?

A. They were annoyed

B. They were amused

C. They were hungry

D. They wanted to

2. Which animal was the wisest?

A. The hare

B. The moose

C. The crow

D. The owl

Emmett did not understand. He felt like he’d discovered a test straight out of a Twilight Zone episode and that if he thought about it much longer, his brain would melt out his ears. Perhaps it would be a little easier to figure out what in the world any of that was supposed to mean if he didn’t have to pee so badly? Well, he didn’t know if that would make the test easier, but he was pretty positive it would at least make him feel a lot better…

He crossed his legs at the ankles as he continued bouncing in his seat. It felt as though he hadn’t peed in days, when in reality he’d only just voided his bladder an hour ago! He didn’t understand the story he’d just read, and he didn’t understand the questions he had to answer about it. The only things he did understand were that he had to go to the restroom right now, and that he really hated coffee!

His hand seemed to have a mind of its own and he raised it once more.

The teacher came to his side, “I can’t assist you with—“

“May I please use the restroom?” Emmett asked. His feet were tapping, his legs still crossed. He needed to go so much…

“I already talked about this with you,” the teacher said. “You can’t leave this room.”

“Please?” Emmett repeated. His voice was cracking now, he wasn’t just asking now, he was begging. His eyes were wide and pleading. He couldn’t hold it until everybody in the school finished their tests. He was nearly wetting himself now!

“No,” the teacher said simply. “Stop asking.” And, with that, she walked away.

Emmett whimpered softly and he noticed the teacher giving him a sharp look from her desk. “Shhh!” she commanded.

That noise. Oh, that noise… It sounded too much like pee hitting a urinal. Emmett’s urethra stung and he wanted to cry, but he made himself go silent. Panic was building now. He felt so close to having an accident, and there were doubtless hours left until he would next get to visit a toilet.

He just guessed the answers to the stupid questions and moved onto the next passage. He read it quickly, but processed none of it. He read it again, and again the only thing his mind was able to hold onto were the continued, urgent signals from his bladder. Tears were actually running down his face then, his brain was clouded over with pain. The whole situation was not conductive to thinking, he was going to do just atrociously on this test.

A hand tucked itself between his legs, he was holding what must have been a gallon of hot, throbbing piss, and it all needed out right now! He rocked back and forth in his chair. He had to go. He had to go. He had to go! There was just so much liquid inside him. His lower abdomen was swollen, his skin felt hot and stretched out, all of his pelvic muscles pulsated in the massive effort to hold it back.

He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t take it. He was going to have an accident! His heart began to thrum harshly, making his ears ring. His lungs contracted almost as harshly as his bladder did. He was on the verge of hyperventilating. He was on the edge of pissing his pants and having a panic attack all at the same time while in a room full of his classmates. He would never live that down if it happened. He had to breathe. Just breathe. Get it together.

It was impossible to breathe, though. Inhaling made his bladder throb, and exhaling made trickles of liquid flow into his boxers. He made himself breathe anyway, clutching himself with both hands, the test totally forgotten; No way could he pass it now, not when his brain was filled with the white noise of desperation and absolutely nothing else. All he could focus on now was holding it in. Trying to hold it in, anyway. As he finally managed to even out his breathing, a long, long stream pulsed from his tip, and he squeaked as he felt it pooling warm and wet out between his thighs.

The teacher stood from her desk and stomped over to him. He allowed himself the faintest glimmer of hope, that she’d realized how big an emergency his need was and was about to let him go. That wasn’t it though, of course. “Be quiet,” she whispered sharply. “You are distracting everyone.”

“Please!” Emmett begged again, unable to control the volume of his voice. He was past the point where he could feel embarrassed by his pleading. He didn’t care if everyone around him could tell what was wrong with him. He’d do anything to avoid having an accident here. “Please, let m-m-me use the r-r-r-restroom?” The nerves he always felt when communicating were tripled under the strain of his need and he found it almost impossible to talk at all. “Please? I pr-pr-promise I won’t talk to anyone, I just n-need—“

“No,” she said. “We had this same conversation ten minutes ago. Stop asking me that question.”

That had only been ten minutes ago!? It felt like it had been ten hours! Emmett was shocked and scared by how much his urge had worsened in such a short amount of time. He wasn’t going to make it to the end of the day. He was barely keeping it in now! He could NOT make it the entire day! “A—At lunch?” He suggested. Making it the last couple hours to lunch wouldn’t be easy, either, but it at least didn’t sound completely impossible. Except, he knew that on testing days, everyone had to stay silent and not leave the cafeteria during lunch. There weren’t any toilets there. “C-Can I please go at lunch?”

“No,” the teacher said. “Now, stop asking. If you ask one more time, your test will be voided and you will be required to retake it.”

Emmett didn’t care about the test! He was going to fail it and need to retake it anyway! Right now, he just needed for something ELSE to get voided! “Okay,” he squeaked. “Just let me—“

“No,” the teacher interrupted. “You are not permitted to leave this room. Finish your test.”

She left Emmett then, left him to endure his misery. The world fell away, bit by bit, as his desperation sharpened itself to a fine point that made his pee-hole burn and sting. He tried as hard as he could to hold on, but drop after drop spurted into his boxers, making them damp. He barely managed to silence the whimper in his throat that would only serve to get him into trouble once more.

He squirmed and writhed every which way, fountains of sweat gushing down his back and forehead. He was going to pee his pants. He was going to do it. He really, really didn’t want to though. He considered standing up and just making a run for it, just ignoring the consequences that would surely follow such blatant disobedience. But, he couldn’t make himself do it. The ringing in his ears returned, the tightness in his chest came back. His heart pounded away as ferociously as his bladder was. His vision was dulling, going black around the edges, and as hard as he tried, he couldn’t slow his breathing.

He started to shake, the sweat covering his body now turning icy cold. He squeezed his eyes shut as tightly as his hands were squeezing onto his dick. The inhuman weight against his sphincters doubled as alarm bells rang off inside his head. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t think. He couldn’t do anything but endure the panic sailing through his body and causing him to completely hyperventilate and shudder. He could do nothing else.

And that included holding it.

It took him a moment to feel that through the haze and pain of his panic attack, but there it was; A harsh, warm jet of urine spraying out of his body.

He stood abruptly, still trying to catch his breath, still trying to settle his racing heart, still trying to see clearly and clear the dizziness from his vision… Still trying to please, please hold it! But, he couldn’t do any of those things. He couldn’t tear himself free from the clutches of his panic, and he couldn’t force his bladder to close itself back up.

“Hey!” The teacher snapped.

Emmett couldn’t say anything. He couldn’t speak, not when he couldn’t even breathe. His pee was still rushing down his leg, puddling at his feet. He heard it hissing, and his hands still kneaded themselves against his crotch, but that did no good. The black, cloudy static in his vision grew and grew, and the world spun along with it. He couldn’t see any of his classmates’ reactions clearly. Maybe that was a good thing, but he didn’t have it in him to be thankful to his stupid brain for making him have a panic attack while he pissed his pants at school. Nothing about this was anything to be thankful for. He felt nothing but misery, shame, fear and disgust.

He was disgusting. He was covering himself in his own bodily waste. He felt all the sticky, revolting warmth making his clothes grow heavy and sodden. He smelled the harsh stench of his pee. He was repulsive. He released an involuntary sob as his stream continued gushing, just one more thing he couldn’t hold back.

His pee was pouring so hard now, splattering onto the floor. As his heart finally stopped pounding and the ringing in his ears began to fade, Emmett realized that the only sounds in the entire room— And probably in the entire school— Were now those of his hissing pee and strained sobs.

When it finally stopped, after what felt like an entire year, the teacher snapped her fingers and pointed sharply at the door. “GO TO THE OFFICE,” she barked.

He cried harder then, hiccuping. Not only had he had a panic attack in front of his classmates all while peeing himself, now he was going to be in trouble for it. Tears were streaming down his red face, and even though his panic attack had concluded, he still couldn’t catch his breath past all the sobs.

Then, he heard another voice. “Oh?” Shelby asked. “So, you’ll let him leave the room now that it’s too late, huh?”

“Shhh, do your work.”

“No, this is bullshit!” Shelby said. Shelby was usually so laid back, but when something made her mad, it made her really, REALLY mad. Her anger could be a sight to behold, always filled with intense language, and sometimes crossing into destructive behavior before the episode finally cleared. She stood. “Apologize to my brother right now!”

Emmett still couldn’t cease the flow of his tears any more than he’d been able to cease the flow of his urine, but when Shelby claimed relation to him even as he stood there soaked in pee, he felt a little better.

“You know what?” the teacher asked. “You can join him. Go to the office.”

“Gladly!” Shelby said. She began to stomp towards the door. She turned to Emmett. “Come on,” she said softly. If Emmett had been anyone else, he would have been shocked by how she could go from shouting, cursing fury to soft kindness so quickly. He followed her out.

“Emmett, I’m so sorry,” Shelby said. “She’s a bitch, the rules are shit, the tests are something even lower than shit, and—“

Emmett hiccuped out another sob.

“Come here…” Shelby said, opening her arms.

“But… But I’m…” Emmett choked out. He felt even grosser now that his pee had cooled off. It was clammy and sticky and made his heavy, wet pants cling to his legs.

“I don’t care,” Shelby said, pulling him in for a hug.

He melted against her as he allowed himself to come completely undone once more. He sobbed so hard his body shook and he began to taste his salty tears in his mouth. He just kept crying and crying as Shelby held him tightly. “I’ve got you,” she said. “It’s okay. You’re okay.”

Once Emmett had gotten himself together again well enough to walk, they headed towards the office. The principal ushered them in, demanding to know why he’d gotten a call about them causing a disturbance during such an important test.

Emmett tried to explain, but it just made him start crying again and nothing he said was the least bit comprehensible. Shelby tried to explain, but got too animated and forgot that cursing in front of the school principal was a bad idea.

The principal called their Dad, explaining that Emmett had had an accident and that Shelby had been insubordinate, meaning both of them needed to go home. They would be required to retake the test on Saturday.

Emmett figured maybe he’d actually be able to pass it if he didn’t have to worry about holding his pee the whole time too… But, that thought only served to remind him of how he’d totally humiliated himself, and his tears began anew.

They waited on the bench outside the office, Emmett trying to shield his wet pants even though no one was around to see.

Dad arrived a little while later, obviously annoyed that he’d needed to leave work early to deal with whatever trouble they’d gotten themselves into. His anger seemed to evaporate slightly when he noticed the state of Emmett’s clothes. He hadn’t realized when the principal had said Emmett had an accident, that he meant he’d had an… ‘accident’. What in the world? Emmett was WAY too old for this to still be a problem. He hadn’t even peed himself in Kindergarten! Why now!? “What happened?” he asked.

Emmett tried once more to explain. He tried to explain the coffee, and how he’d asked to be excused before the test. How he’d begged to be excused over and over for the next hour and how he just hadn’t been able to wait anymore. How hard he’d tried to keep it in. How sorry and disgusted he felt that he couldn’t. “And your sister?”

“She yelled ‘bullshit’ at the teacher and told her to apologize to me,” Emmett whimpered out.

“… Okay,” Dad said. He didn’t want to say that ‘bullshit’ was actually the perfect way to describe how that teacher had behaved. Even if that WAS exactly what he thought, it still wouldn’t be good to encourage Shelby to swear at teachers. “So, this is school policy? No toilet breaks on test days?”

“Y—Yeah, it’s always been that way,” Emmett said. “J—Just normally I can… Normally I can hold it all day…”

“Okay, hold on,” Dad said. He entered the principal’s office, and for a few minutes Emmett and Shelby overheard muffled shouting, but couldn’t make out what was being said. Shortly after the room fell quiet, the door opened and Dad came back out. “Alright, so if you have to go when you retake your test this weekend, they’re definitely going to let you,” he informed. “Don’t worry about anything like that happening ever again.”

*011*2022-02-08 17:31

Emmett had been expecting to be teased a whole lot after having had such a dramatic accident in front of his class. He was utterly terrified to go to school the next day, thinking that everyone there would laugh at him and mock him from the instant he set foot inside. But, that didn’t end up happening.

A few of his classmates even asked him if he was okay, agreeing that the teacher monitoring the tests had been needlessly cruel to him. Nova had been in a different room at the time of the incident, but had heard what happened, and she was the most concerned of all. That was a relief because he’d been scared she was going to break up with him now that he apparently couldn’t even keep his pants dry. She kept telling him it wasn’t his fault, anyone would have had an accident in that situation.

The only person that picked on Emmett for his accident was, naturally, Devon. “I always knew you were a baby,” Devon said. “Didn’t realize it was so literal.” He called Emmett all sorts of names throughout that first day, and the next day Emmett arrived at school to find Devon had taped a diaper to the door of his locker. Emmett had to try very, very hard not to cry then.

He told himself that Devon was just one person, one person out of the whole school was making fun of him for this. Everyone else was either sympathetic or just didn’t care. One jerk shouldn’t have mattered.

But, it did matter to Emmett.

The taunts and jeers from Devon made Emmett overly self-conscious about his bladder’s needs. He started to doubt his ability to hold it for long stretches of time, in spite of doing so without issue hundreds of times before. He knew he could last through an entire school day without a pee because he DID that most days, but having someone constantly snicker at him and ask him if he was ‘still dry’ made Emmett keep feeling like he was losing control of himself, even when he knew no urine was making its way into his clothes.

Sometimes, Emmett would feel like he didn’t have to go much at all, then Devon would start in on him and he’d begin to doubt himself. He’d doubt himself so much and run through so many potential disasters in his head that he’d start to feel like he really, really needed the restroom, even if he knew there was very little liquid actually in his bladder. He knew that these were phantom urges, not real emergencies. But, they still felt real and would leave him squirming in his seat and waiting for whatever class he was in to end.

But, then it would get worse. Devon would follow him out of the classroom, keeping uncomfortably close to him all the way down the hall. When Emmett tried to enter the nearest men’s room to take care of his urge, Devon would stand in the opened doorway and block Emmett’s way in. “Why don’t you just piss your pants again?” he’d ask.

Emmett’s hand would feel filthy and disease ridden after touching the door to the restroom, making him even more eager to go inside so he could wash it off after he’d peed. But, Devon was so much bigger than Emmett, and Emmett was so frightened of him. He couldn’t even try to force his way past him to get to the toilet and sink he needed.

Devon was so enthralled by this little game that now Emmett absolutely never peed at school, even when it was a real emergency. He also couldn’t get into the restrooms to wash his hands either, which made him feel panicky and tetchy all day. Emmett absolutely could not bring himself to eat without first sanitizing his hands, and since Devon wouldn’t let him near the sinks, that meant he couldn’t eat all day either.

Emmett hoped Devon would grow bored of it soon, because having to spend every day feeling hungry, dirty and desperate for the toilet was really miserable. At the end of every day, Emmett would eagerly rush off the school bus, hurry into his house and run straight for the toilet to relieve the bladder which Devon’s taunts had encouraged to fill itself to the brim, then get in the shower to scrub himself clean before finally heading for the kitchen to devour an entire bag of chips.

The last class of the day was always the worst, he’d stare at the clock, feeling his skin crawling with germs as his stomach growled with ravenous hunger and his bladder throbbed with gallons of piss.

Eventually, Shelby figured out something must have been wrong. It wasn’t TOO unusual for Emmett to desperately run to the toilet after school since he only relieved himself there if he was on the verge of an accident. It also wasn’t all that out of the ordinary for him to want to shower as soon as he got home from somewhere. But, it WAS strange that he wasn’t eating all day.

At first she thought he was doing some sort of intense and likely misguided diet, which she didn’t really understand since he was already pretty skinny. But, since he’d come home and immediately gorge on junkfood snacks she figured that weight watching wasn’t something he was focusing on. So, the tenth day she saw her brother shoving handfuls of salt and vinegar chips into his mouth after skipping lunch at school, she asked what the deal was.

Emmett swallowed. “What do you mean?”

“I mean you aren’t eating at school ever,” Shelby said. “I thought you were trying to lose weight— Which you totally don’t have to worry about, but if you really wanted to get in better shape there’s better ways than just skipping mea—“

“I’m not dieting,” Emmett said.

“Then what is it?”

Emmett put another chip into his mouth, chewed and swallowed before answering. “I can’t eat if I don’t wash my hands first,” he said.

“Yeah, I’m aware.”

“And, I can’t wash my hands at school now,” Emmett said. “Because ever since the day I… The day with the test, Devon’s been picking on me and won’t let me into the restrooms.”

Shelby had heard Devon taunting Emmett a few times and had shouted at him to knock it off. But, she hadn’t known about this part. “Asshole,” she said.

“Yeah,” Emmett agreed. “So, I have to hold it all day, even on days when I have to go super badly, and I can’t feel clean ever.”

“You have your hand sanitizer with you all the time,” Shelby said.

“That’s okay some of the time,” Emmett said. “But, I need hot water to feel really clean.”

“You should tell someone what he’s doing,” Shelby said. “You need to have access to a restroom.”

“I can’t,” Emmett said. “If I tell, it will get worse.”

“Fine,” Shelby said. “I’ll walk with you next time you need to get in there and kick his ass if he tries to start something.”

“No!” Emmett exclaimed. That was even worse! If he got his sister to fight this battle for him, then Devon would only tease him more!

“Well, you can’t just do nothing,” Shelby said.

But, that was exactly what Emmett kept doing. He just kept on as he was, not peeing, not washing his hands, not eating, hoping that eventually Devon would get bored of this and leave him be.

Then, there came a day that Emmett couldn’t just do nothing and wait for Devon to move on.

It was was during Phys Ed, on a day in which the students had to run two laps around the lake that sat behind the school building. They were also required to drink a couple bottles of water first to stay hydrated. Those bottles went right through Emmett, and mixed with the rippling of the lakewater beside him, his bladder began to cramp and throb with a vengeance after the first lap.

It felt like he was trying to run and carry an overly-full glass of water in his hands the entire time. If he didn’t make each step as steadily and carefully as he could, the glass would spill. And, if it spilled, it would run in a shameful stream down his legs in front of everyone!

Partway through the second lap, he couldn’t run anymore. He had to take tiny, stilted steps, half hunched over with the desire to let out all that water. Even though his gait had slowed to a crawl, he was now sweating much more than he had been while actually running. He was drenched in it, he felt it rolling down his back and face and he felt his body heating up painfully. Soon, he realized he was the only one that still hadn’t finished the final lap. He told himself that maybe he could get a pass to visit the restroom after this, then Devon wouldn’t be able to follow after him. He could pee.

The sooner he finished the lap, the sooner he could get to a urinal. Emmett picked up the pace, making the sloshing ball of tension in his core slosh and bounce up and down, he felt dribbles rolling down his leg and had to fight back tears of embarrassment and disgust at the feeling. ‘Hold on,’ he told himself. ‘Just a little further…’

Finally, he’d done it. He’d completed the second lap at last. It was over. He saw the coach, Ms. Reynolds waiting off to the side a little further down the pathway and started to move towards her faster than he had moved all day.

He overheard a couple of the girls in his class talking. “I’m bored, let’s get out of here,” the first said.

“Sure,” her friend replied.

Even though Emmett was moving as fast as he could without prompting an accident, they managed to reach the coach before he did. “Can we go use the toilet?” one of them asked.

“No,” Ms. Reynolds responded. “You should have gone before class.”

“But… We’re having cramps,” the second girl said. “It’s that time of—“

“Oh, go ahead then,” said Ms. Reynolds.

Emmett overheard this and started to get worried. It sounded like the coach did not want to give out bathroom passes, and he didn’t think he could get away with the same excuse those girls had just used. Still, Emmett stayed where he was, desperately shuffling on his feet and squirming his hips as the girls walked back towards the school. He hurried forward as soon as they were gone. “M—Miss,” he stuttered. “May I pl—please use the restroom? Please?” He so rarely asked to use the restroom during class, so maybe she’d be able to tell it really was an emergency.

Ms. Reynolds just rolled her eyes though. “You should have gone during break,” she said.

“B—But… I r—really need to… That was so much water…” Emmett tried to explain, twisting his hands up around each other as he fought not to put them between his legs instead.

“No one else is having this problem,” Ms. Reynolds said. “They all drank as much as you. You either didn’t run hard enough out there to work up a sweat, or you haven’t been using your break time responsibly.”

“I— I promise I’ll be really fast,” Emmett said softly, lifting one foot off the ground after the other. Panic was building in his chest, the awful ringing alarm bells were beginning to fire through his brain again, assaulting his ear drums the same way they had the day he’d wet his pants. His heart was beating hard from the memory, from how close he felt to doing it again. “M—Miss, I—I’m s—sorry. R—Really. I just really need the restroom.”

“No,” Ms. Reynolds repeated. “You should have gone before class, there’s no excuse for this.”

“B—But—“

“Enough,” she ordered. “Go wait with the rest of the class.”

Ms. Reynolds led the class back towards the school and into the gym. Emmett was so scared. He was barely holding on by a thread when he was just trying to walk. If he had to do something more physical, he was sure he’d lose it. He was trying not to cry as he realized he was going to wet himself in front of everyone yet again. Devon was never gonna leave him alone now.

Once they were in the gym, Ms. Reynolds announced that everyone had to find a partner because they were about to do some crunches. Emmett fought back his panic when he heard that, knowing that the exercise would absolutely demolish his bladder and cause all the urine within it to shoot right out, like someone crushing a juice box in their fist. Emmett was looking around, trying to find someone he thought might cover for him and not make him do the exercise when he was so close to an accident. But, Shelby and Nova both had gym during a different time of the day.

Devon, however, did take gym with Emmett.

And Devon most definitely was NOT going to leave Emmett alone. Before Emmett knew it, Devon was beside him and announcing that he was going to be his partner. Emmett tried to protest, but then Ms. Reynolds was blowing her whistle and shouting that everyone had to get started.

Devon brought Emmett to one of the exercise mats that had been set up. Emmett hesitated at the sight of it, trying to determine if it had ever been washed. He didn’t think it had. It was no doubt covered in crusty, dried sweat and other substances that he didn’t want touching his skin. And, if he didn’t figure out a way to get out of doing these crunches, it was going to be covered in something else soon too.

“You go first,” Devon said.

Emmett twisted his feet towards each other, his hips swaying. He was already sweating like he was trapped in an overheating sauna and he hadn’t even started exercising yet! “N—No, that’s okay…” he said, trying to steady his breathing.

“Wow,” Devon said. “You must be really out of shape if just THINKING about exercise is making you get out of breath.”

Emmett didn’t reply. A gush of pee shot from his tip and wetted the front of his boxers and his thighs slammed together as he tried to plug his opening closed.

“Oh, or are you too much of a scared, little baby to lay down on the mat?” Devon asked. “Seriously, your greatest fear is of TOUCHING things, you don’t even deserve to call yourself a man.”

Emmett still didn’t say anything. He felt tears pricking the backs of his eyes again though. Emmett knew his fears were irrational better than anyone else did. He didn’t need Devon to point it out to him and taunt him over it.

Ms. Reynolds blew her whistle, “Get started, everyone!” she shouted pointedly.

‘I can’t…’ Emmett thought, trying not to let the tears fall. He was sure his eyes were big and shining now, but he was determined not to break down and cry for real. ‘If I do that, I’ll pee…’

“You heard the lady,” Devon said. “Lay down now.”

Emmett tried to speak again, but then Devon gave him a push. Emmett lost his footing for a second, and a spurt of pee along with it. He regained control over his bladder a moment later, but knew he couldn’t handle another shove, so he laid himself down on the mat.

Laying down and staring up at the ceiling with his knees bent made Emmett more aware of the way the skin of his abdomen stretched to cover the firm, round shape of his full bladder. His legs wriggled around as much as they could and his hands fluttered all around his midsection, yearning to grip hold of his crotch and never let go.

“Hands behind your head,” Devon said. “Don’t you know how to do this?”

“I do,” Emmett said. “But, I—“

“Then do it, idiot.” Devon said.

Emmett’s vision grew more blurry and he was scared the tears had started to fall as he put his hands where they were supposed to go. He shouldn’t have been so upset by the pitiful insult, but he was. The mat felt so grody, just being on it made Emmett want to claw a layer of his own skin away. He needed a urinal in the worst way, and he could feel a drop forming at the edge of his trembling urethra already, barely held back by the force of his willpower alone. And, Devon was just so mean for no reason and he was watching Emmett’s every move. It was too much.

“Okay, do it,” Devon said.

Emmett tried. But, the instant he raised his upper body even the tiniest fraction of a centimeter, two tons of pressure slammed onto his bladder like a boulder being dropped on him from above. The drop he’d barely been holding back soaked into his pants, followed by a longer spurt. He dropped himself back down. “N—Nnnh!”

“What was that?!” Devon asked through a snort. “Is that really the best you can do?”

Emmett was positive the tears were flowing now. He felt them rolling down his cheeks. He told himself to do it again, but he couldn’t even work up the nerve to try. If he did, it would be like cranking on a faucet full-blast. He’d pee and pee and pee all over himself, the mat, and probably the floor beneath it too.

“Here, I’ll help you steady yourself,” Devon then proceeded to place his hand firmly onto Emmett’s lower abdomen. In an instant, two things happened; Emmett realized that Devon definitely knew what was actually bothering him, and Emmett let out a long, hissing spurt into his boxers that likely left a damp spot, and was certainly loud enough for Devon to hear. He noticed the corner of Devon’s mouth turn upwards.

“I can’t—!” Emmett squeaked, wriggling uncontrollably beneath the intense, mounting pressure of Devon’s hand.

“Can’t what?” Devon asked.

Emmett tried to get back up, but Devon just pressed his hand more firmly into him. “Can’t wait…” he whimpered, more tears trickling, more pee flowing.

“Wait for what?”

Emmett knew that Devon already knew what he couldn’t wait for perfectly well. But, maybe if he said it Devon would leave him alone? Maybe that’s all Devon wanted? An admission that he couldn’t wait? “T-To pee…”

“Ohhh,” Devon said loudly, raising his voice several octaves. Emmett noticed their classmates turning to look over. “So, you can’t wait to pee.”

Emmett felt himself burning hot, almost choked out a sob as he tried to get up again.

“You’re going to have an accident,” Devon added even louder, adding more pressure to Emmett’s bladder.

“Pl—Please stop that,” Emmett begged.

“If you can do five crunches, I’ll stop,” Devon said.

Emmett tried to do that, but he couldn’t even raise his upper body a tiny bit without his urethra trying to transform itself into a water gun. He managed one, and as he set himself back down he sprung a leak. He did another, and it felt like something inside his body was being torn into pieces. One more, and the pain was making him cry. “I can’t…”

“You—“

Ms. Reynolds blew her whistle; “Switch!” she announced, and Emmett’s tears went from anguished to relieved.

Devon reluctantly removed his hand from Emmett’s abdomen and allowed him to get up. Emmett did so gratefully, he felt a little less close to exploding when he was standing up. But, he couldn’t stop shifting from foot to foot, swaying in place and repeatedly palming his crotch when strong spasms of need pinched at him.

Emmett couldn’t take it anymore. “W—Wait here,” he said, and he stumbled to Ms. Reynolds again. “I—I know you s—said earlier that I c—can’t— But…May I pl—please use the restroom n—now?” he managed. He didn’t understand how anyone could be cruel enough to deny him now, he was twisted up like a poorly constructed pretzel, holding himself and actually crying.

“No,” Ms. Reynolds said. “I already told you. And your partner needs you to count for them. Go back.”

Emmett wanted to fight it, he wanted to say “But I’m gonna have an accident!” but the words remained locked behind his clenched teeth as he limped and hobbled back to Devon.

“Awww, poor wittle Emmett,” Devon sarcastically cooed. “Can’t hold his pee-pee long enough to make it to the potty, can he? No he can’t, no he can’t! Emmett’s gonna make a tinkle in his pants, isn’t he? Oh, yes he is!”

Emmett couldn’t unclench his jaw enough to talk. He felt like if he relaxed any muscles anywhere in his body, he’d pee.

Devon proceeded to do several crunches, snickering a bit at Emmett’s misfortune between each one. “This is how a real man does crunches,” Devon informed.

Emmett didn’t bother keeping count for him. Emmett didn’t think he could even remember HOW to count right now if he tried. It was difficult to keep a single thought in his head, the only things that existed any more were his painfully bloated bladder and the urine swishing around inside of it and searching for a way out. He was going to explode.

He just kept bouncing in place, clutching himself and pacing tiny steps back and forth until Ms. Reynolds finally blew her whistle again and said they were dismissed for the day. Emmett was the first one out the door, moving as briskly as he could even as his swift movements caused more and more pee to glide down his legs. He had to get to the nearest restroom before Devon did, then he’d dart into the first stall and lock himself safely inside. Then, even if Devon followed him in, he’d at least have access to a toilet.

Miraculously, he managed to reach the restroom before Devon had caught up with him. But, Emmett knew his tormenter could not be far behind, he hurried inside and into a stall, noisily slamming the lock into place. He was safe now. He was protected within the walls of the stall, and best of all there was a toilet right there, free for him to use to his heart’s content. He moved one trembling hand off of his dick, allowing the other to squeeze it a few seconds longer before he tugged down his zip.

Before he could aim himself properly, there was a loud slam of fists against the door to his stall. It made him jump and begin peeing uncontrollably onto the floor, splashing so forcefully that it managed to wet his shoe before he corrected the trajectory and got it flowing into the toilet bowl where it belonged. “Gah!” he exclaimed, both from the awful shock of the moment, and from the absolutely revolting knowledge that his own piss had sloshed onto his shoe.

He’d yelped a bit loudly, loud enough that his cry was heard over the torrential downpour currently erupting from his bladder and slamming into the water in the toilet.

Another slam came then, but Emmett was less started. He was going too loose to feel startled, all of the muscles inside him that had been pulled taut like rubber bands were slackening as his bladder deflated. “Ahhh…”

Then, came Devon’s voice; “Did wittle Emmett make it to the big boy potty?”

Emmett didn’t reply. He knew he’d feel embarrassed once he was finished, but for now he just wanted to enjoy how good this felt. Because, wow did this ever feel good… He was barely even able to keep track of what was going on outside his stall. The moment he’d aimed and had stopped fighting the inevitable, a wave of relief had washed over him and he let the sweet satisfaction carry him away. He exhaled loudly once more, “Phew…” As more time passed, instead of slowing down, his stream only continued to build in intensity.

Vaguely, he could hear Devon still talking. “That’s disgusting,” Devon said. “How can you be pissing like that for so long? You have something wrong with you.”

Emmett had no idea why he said what he said next, he knew it was asking for trouble, and he knew that this was an absolutely nauseating thing to take pride in… He didn’t know why he thought replying to Devon was a good idea. All he did know was that his bladder still felt pretty tight and full, it didn’t even feel half-empty yet, and in a moment of inspiration, he remembered the words of his bully and coolly replied “This is how a real man pees.”

There was yet another slamming of fists against the stall door, and Emmett knew he’d managed to strike a nerve. That knowledge made him feel even more pleasure than the relief still flowing out of him was making him feel.

“No, Emmett, you’re not a real man. You’re just a freak. And, it’s no wonder you always think things are contaminated, your own body’s a fucking bio-hazard carrying so much piss around all the time!”

Emmett didn’t know which stung more, the insult about his germ fears or the fact that, in one fell swoop, Devon had placed himself above Emmett once more. Devon laughed loudly at his own mediocre joke, then went quiet, but Emmett knew he was still there. Just standing right outside the stall and listening to him gush out more and more and more pee in a never-ending stream that now felt shameful instead of triumphant.

Emmett finished up about a minute later, he shivered a little as his stream met its end, which only served to make him feel worse. He zipped up and turned around, knowing he was going to have to open the stall eventually to go to his next class, and knowing that Devon would be right there on the other side of it.

After a few more seconds spent trying to prepare himself, he opened the door and tried to step around Devon whom was blocking his path. “Let me through,” he requested softly. “Please.”

“Okay, freak,” Devon said.

Emmett wordlessly headed for the sinks. It was the first time he’d been able to wash his hands off all day, and he was eager to get some of the germs from the nasty gym mats off of himself. He cranked the water on as hot as it would go, and scrubbed the soap into his skin even harder than he usually would, Devon’s comment from earlier ringing in his ears ‘Your body’s a fucking bio-hazard, freak.’

*012*2022-02-09 17:45

Collective punishment was never fair. Making everyone suffer for the misdeeds of a few people was just plain cruel. However, this practice was one of the favorites employed by Emmett’s school. Following an incident where one of the restrooms was badly ransacked and vandalized, with graffiti sprayed on the walls and mirrors broken, it was decided that they would be locked for the better part of each day, only opened during a brief, select time period during which someone would monitor students going in and out.

The issue was that people’s bodies didn’t work like that. They couldn’t make themselves only need to pee during that brief window of time during which it was now permissible. For example, Shelby typically had a big glass of water before school and would badly need to go after second period. But, the restrooms were locked until after sixth. The first day of this new policy proved awful for her, there had been zero warning given to students that the toilets were about to be off-limits for most of the day, and she’d only barely made it through without an accident.

When the toilets were locked off, so too were the sinks. So, Emmett was still forced to endure entire school days without being able to properly cleanse his hands. Sixth period also occurred after lunch, so Emmett was still unable to eat until after he’d gotten home. Emmett tried to focus on the one positive the situation had brought; since the restrooms were being monitored, that meant that when they finally were open for use, Emmett could get to one without Devon being able to block him or torment him in any way under the watchful eye of the school staff.

But, the bad far outweighed the good. Not only did Emmett still not have proper access to soap and hot water, now when the time finally came that the restrooms were available, the lines for them were enormous. On days when Emmett knew that he couldn’t make it until he got home, he’d find himself twisting and squirming in the massive line, mentally begging for it to move faster as the hard boulder of his bladder began to split and crack. He wasn’t the only one dancing around in urgency, of course. Everyone ahead of him would be dying to go as well, and everyone behind him too. He was just one desperate person among many whom were just as bad off as he was.

Across the hallway, the women’s room line would be even worse. He felt bad for Shelby and Nova having to deal with that. Emmett was barely able to handle the shorter line for the men’s room without leaking, if he’d had to wait in the even longer one he was sure he’d find himself standing in very wet pants. He’d noticed Nova and Shelby standing in those lines, both doubled over and pink in the face with need. While he was sure he looked much the same, he still felt awful for them because he knew they were going to be stuck waiting even longer than he was.

Emmett was surprised there hadn’t been any accidents yet.

That would change about a week after the awful new policy was implemented.

That day, Emmett didn’t know what he’d done wrong, but he had to pee so badly it felt like urine was about to spill out of his nose. He didn’t know why he was having such an absolute emergency, ever since the implementation of the asinine new toilet rules, he’d been extremely careful with how much he had to drink before school each morning. He’d also been waiting until the last possible second to take his morning pee before leaving the house, trying to ensure his bladder was as empty as it could possibly get.

But, even with those precautions taken, by the start of sixth period— the last hour he’d have to suffer through before the restrooms would be open— He felt like there was about a ninety percent chance he’d piss his pants. He wanted to beg his teacher— The one for this class was usually so nice to him— to allow him relief somehow, but knew it wouldn’t work. This wasn’t her policy. She couldn’t change it for him. No matter how much he needed it.

He took his seat beside Nova and instantly his knees took to frantic bouncing. When his knee knocked into hers, Emmett realized Nova wasn’t doing much better than he was. “S—Sorry,” Emmett whispered to her.

“It’s okay,” Nova said. “I understand. Believe me,” she added miserably.

Emmett tried not to notice the way she was jiggling in her chair, the way her hand was tucked and pressed between her legs. He felt so embarrassed squirming around like he was covered in fleas in front of her, and knew she must have felt similarly doing the same in front of him.

This was so unfair. Emmett hadn’t had anything to do with the vandalism. He should be allowed to pee. He was certain Nova hadn’t taken part in it, either, so why should she be forced to go through this? To distract himself from his awful need to use the toilet, Emmett tried brainstorming ways to fix the problem. But, it wasn’t like he could just go to the principal and tell him this was an awful, stupid thing to do to people. He’d never been able to handle confrontation without breaking out in a cold sweat and forgetting how to breathe. Shelby was more suited for that… But, she didn’t really know how to present an argument in a respectful way. She was more likely to just insult the principal and make him more unwilling to change the rule.

Soon, Emmett could no longer dwell on possible solutions to the situation. All he could dwell on was the here and now. And, right now, he had to pee so badly that he could barely breathe. He was taking in tiny, little puffs of air. Breathing deeply placed pressure onto his bladder and made it scream to be released, not caring that he was in the middle of a classroom. He’d already leaked once. His legs alternated between bouncing uncontrollably and banging against one another. He crossed them, uncrossed them, recrossed them, begging his bladder to hold it together a while longer. A tiny squeak of surprise fell from his lips as he felt a jet of pee soak the crotch of his boxers. He bounced frantically in his chair, pressing both hands against his dick as he struggled to plug up the leak. He managed to stem the tide, but the massive ocean of liquid was still pleading to be released as it pushed forcefully against the tiny ring of muscle that held it at bay.

This repeated a few times. He’d begin to pee, clench with all his might, recover, and a few minutes later another spurt would wet his cooling pants.

The teacher talked at the class for a few minutes, but Emmett heard nothing of it. He doubted anyone else did either. Eventually, they were instructed to discuss the book they were reading with their neighbor, but that wasn’t what Nova and Emmett talked about at all. They instead talked about how idiotic the new policy was, how the school should have just tried to find the person that was actually responsible for the vandalism and punish them instead of torturing literally everyone.

Emmett was trying very, very hard not to squirm and dance in his chair with Nova watching him. He remembered the day at the mall, how she’d said that she thought his little pee-dance was actually cute, but… She had probably just been saying that to make him feel better, right? He didn’t think anybody could possibly find what he was doing now attractive. He was sweaty, panting heavily and jiggling so much he looked like he was vibrating.

He was also trying very, very hard not to pay attention to Nova’s fidgeting. He couldn’t help but notice it though. He was looking at her every time she said something to him, and so there was no way to avoid watching as she jiggled up and down in her seat. There was no way to ignore the pink blush on her cheeks or the way her hands kept tugging at the bottom of her shirt uncomfortably. Seeing someone who was usually so calm compared to him suddenly become so jittery was hard not to take note of… Up until this vandalism fiasco, Emmett actually hadn’t ever seen Nova needing to go really bad, he didn’t think. It was not as though he kept track of that sort of thing, but he could not recall ever seeing her so squirmy.

“Are you going to be okay?” Nova asked him.

Emmett blushed. He’d been under no illusion that Nova had somehow been unable to tell he had to pee, but it was still embarrassing to have her bring it up like that… “I—I hope so,” he managed. He wanted to ask her the same question, but felt too awkward to get the words out.

The bell rang. At last!

“Finally…” Nova sighed out, and Emmett turned away from her as she stood, only catching the way she doubled over on herself the instant she was out of her seat through the corner of his eye.

Emmett gingerly got to his feet, maintaining his fraying control of his bladder. He took minced, contorted steps from the room, noting that several of his classmates were doing the same. By the time he reached the door to the men’s room he’d been fantasizing about for what felt like days, the line was already horrendously long! He found himself stepping into place behind several other bursting guys that were swaying on their feet and praying for the line to move faster. Emmett swore the line was longer today than ever before. He didn’t know if he could make it.

As a couple guys emerged, pink faced and relieved, from the restroom, Emmett concentrated all his might on holding it. It was going to be a while before he had his turn at one of the urinals, so he needed to do whatever he could to wait until then. He didn’t feel TOO embarrassed to be jumping from foot to foot, winding his legs together, or even openly holding himself anymore. Everyone in line with him was doing the same thing. But, no matter how experienced Emmett was at this particular dance, it wasn’t enough to make him stop dribbling. Every few seconds almost, it seemed a few errant drops would escape his over-stretched bladder. He’d feel his damp crotch suddenly go warm again as he continued to pinch his opening, and it would fill him with panic that today was going to be the day; The day he had another total accident at school.

He glanced across the hall at the line for the women’s room, hoping Nova was okay. He spotted her, jiggling in the middle of the line. Her legs were wound together much as his were, and both her hands were cupped beneath her skirt. She had the most pained expression on her face that Emmett thought he’d ever seen on anybody. Her eyes were scrunched shut, her teeth were gritted, her cheeks were flushed bright pink.

Flushed. Ohhhh, Emmett should NOT have thought that word! He gripped himself tighter as a fresh spurt of pee forced its way past his barriers.

“Ohhh! Come on!” Emmett heard a familiar voice shout.

He looked back up. Shelby had just come down the hall and was now stuck at the very end of the line. The sight of her made his chest clench. She seemed noticeably more desperate than anyone ahead of her. She almost looked like she was about to start crying, and he felt awful. It was such an unfair situation. His poor sister looked like she was about to pee her pants at school like a Kindergarten student! Like Nova, Shelby was usually pretty laid back compared to Emmett, but it was somehow less strange for him to see her jumping up and down, dying for the toilet. Maybe just because they’d grown up together. He’d seen her desperate to pee lots of times, particularly whenever he took too long in the shower.

Emmett continued swaying in line for a few minutes. Every so often he’d have to endure the sound of a toilet or urinal being flushed, and he’d have to clench his thighs as hard as he could to keep himself from losing any more spurts than he already had. He very nearly tapped the guy in front of him, trying to work up the nerve to beg for permission to cut ahead before he exploded, but he froze up at the mere thought of doing that. His ability to speak evaporated like he wished the liquid in his bladder would.

As he tried again to persuade himself to ask, he felt a tap on his own shoulder and jumped. A single drop of liquid snaked down his urethra and bloomed warmly in his boxers.

“Let me cut,” a voice said.

Emmett cringed as he made himself turn around, stamping his feet in place involuntarily. Devon had gotten into line behind him. Emmett still could not find his voice. Devon’s hips were twisting with clear desperation, and one hand was shoved into his pocket, obviously in an attempt to discreetly grip his dick. Yet, even though his bully was pee-dancing in front of him and obviously in a vulnerable position, Emmett was still frightened of him.

Emmett knew that if Devon cut ahead of him, he wouldn’t make it in time. It was a toss-up if he was going to be able to get through the line at all, he absolutely couldn’t manage waiting through an extra person! He shook his head back and forth quickly.

“Don’t be an idiot, you’ve already pissed your pants once,” Devon said. “What’s it matter if you do it again?”

“I… I have already been waiting a while…” Emmett said softly. “I’m sorry, I’ll try and be fast when it’s my turn. I promise.”

“Not good enough,” Devon said. “Let me through.”

Emmett refused to budge, and with the hall monitor observing the line, he felt safe that Devon would not try to shove him out of the way or grip and twist his arm painfully until he either pissed his pants or gave in.

“Now,” Devon hissed out, and Emmett couldn’t tell if his teeth were clenching just in anger or out of desperation.

Again, Emmett shook his head. “I’m sorry,” he said. “If I didn’t… If I didn’t… Need it so much, I’d let you go first, but I just—“

“I don’t care if you can’t hold it,” Devon said. “It’s not my fault you have a weak bladder. I have to go, now move.”

Emmett was confused. Surely, if Devon needed to cut so bad, then that meant HIS bladder was the weaker one, right? Unless, he didn’t actually have to pee that badly and was just trying to make Emmett have another accident? Emmett didn’t think that was the case, from Devon’s squirmy body language and cracking voice— two things he would never allow to happen if he could help them— it sure looked like he was having an emergency.

“I can’t,” Emmett said, as if to emphasize his point, his bladder sent him a painful, urgent spasm of need that left him almost doubled over, hands clutching tightly at his groin. “Nnnh!”

“You’re gonna piss your pants anyway,” Devon said. “Just—“

“H—Hey,” Shelby snapped from the other end of the hall. Emmett looked across to her, noticing that she now looked even worse off than before. She was cupping herself, fingers pressing desperately into the material of her pants, and her legs were crossed so tight she may have been cutting off the blood circulation. “Leave him alone! H—He got there before you!”

“You need a girl to fight your battles?” Devon asked Emmett. “Wow. I knew you were pathetic, but just… Wow.”

Emmett turned back around and tried to just concentrate on holding it in. He tried to ignore all the pokes Devon gave to his back and all the snide comments about how he should just get out of the line since he was going to have an accident before he reached the bathroom anyway.

At one point, he looked across the hallway at the women’s room line again, just in time to see the girl ahead of Nova— whom, while clearly uncomfortable, didn’t seem as close to an accident as Nova did—whisper something to Nova and then allow her to cut ahead. Emmett saw Nova exhale a puff of air and give the other girl a grateful smile. Emmett felt some of his tension spontaneously fade, and he realized then just how worried he’d been that Nova would either hurt herself or have something horribly embarrassing happen to her. In spite of how desperate he still was to void his bladder, Emmett actually felt a small bit of relief now that he knew Nova was in a better position. He hoped someone would be kind enough to let Shelby cut as well…

But, when he started thinking about that, he felt a little guilty for refusing to let Devon go ahead of him. He knew that that would be the NICE thing to do, but he just… He couldn’t risk ANOTHER accident, and he was just barely hanging on by a thread as it was! ‘Devon’s such a jerk to you all the time,’ Emmett told himself. ‘You shouldn’t feel bad about this. Think if your roles were reversed. You really think Devon would let you skip? He’d probably pin you to the wall and squeeze on your bladder until you wet yourself if you even asked!’

He knew that that was probably true, he knew that it was ridiculous to feel concern for someone that tormented him and would sooner sell him to a cult of cannibals than ever do anything nice for him… But, Emmett still felt the tiniest bit of guilt.

Soon, Emmett was nearly through the line enough to actually get into the restroom. Something that he was both looking forward to and dreading; Looking forward to it since it meant he’d be closer to actually unzipping at a toilet, and dreading it because he’d be able to hear everyone ahead of him spray out their long held streams. That was one of the most torturous things about being in line to pee, he was forced to endure the sounds of relief that wasn’t his. ‘You’re close,’ he assured himself. ‘You’re so close. You’re so, so close. You can make it.’

His bladder was so full that it felt like it must have been the size of a watermelon, and now clearly being able to hear every flush and every hiss of urine was making his hands dig more firmly into his crotch. ‘I can hold it,’ he thought. ‘I can hold it. I can hold it. I can hold it. Ohhhh, please let me be able to hold it!’

He could feel his hands growing clammy and damp as they kept pressing to hold back the massive flood. He felt disgusted at the sensation of his own bodily waste hitting his flesh, but he didn’t dare move his hands from their position; if he did, then that bodily waste would surely begin running down his legs instead. He noted now that a lot of the guys he went to school with apparently did not wash their hands after urinating. He would have been perturbed by the lack of hygiene, but he was actually relieved that the sinks were being ignored. If he’d ended up needing to listen to them running, he would have lost it for sure.

A few minutes later, he was next in line to go. His desperation reached a fevered pitch at the realization and he did every pee-dance move he could think of as he begged for one of the stalls or urinals to open up for him.

The door to the first stall swung open. Emmett dashed for it as fast as he could. Which was maybe not the best decision since it made him start to leak once again. The guy who had just left the stall barely had time to step out of the way as Emmett dashed inside it. “Sorry!” Emmett said.

“It’s okay,” the other guy said a little awkwardly.

Deciding that, given how crowded the room was, he really would like a bit of extra privacy, Emmett shakily shut the stall door and drew the lock into place, his stream right at the very edge of his pee-hole, begging to be let out. That done, he spun around while yanking down his zip. He freed his dick faster than he thought he ever had before and aimed himself at the toilet.

Then, he stopped all his efforts at keeping his liquid inside his body In an instant, a torrential downpour erupted from him. The storm sprayed loudly into the bowl, pouring away and taking all his tension with it. Aware that there were many other people in the room with him, he fought not to moan at the wonderful feeling. Even if some of the guys at the urinals or in the other stalls were sighing with relief, Emmett felt too embarrassed to allow the same noise to fall from his own lips, so kept his teeth clenched to keep himself from groaning involuntarily.

Then, there was the slam of fists against the door to his stall. He jumped, and his stream went haywire for a second, wetting the rim of the bowl. He didn’t need to ask who it was, he already knew.

“Hurry up!” Devon snapped.

“I’m going as fast as I can!” Emmett said. “I promise!”

“You’ve been in there long enough!”

Emmett felt nowhere close to done. He’d only just started! And he’d needed to go so badly! He gave a push and tried to speed up his stream, but there was just so much in him that had to come out, and Devon yelling at him was frightening and actually making it a little difficult to keep his flow going at all… If anything, his trickling was beginning to slow down!

“Hurry up!” Devon repeated, and there was obvious anger in his voice that made Emmett feel very scared.

Emmett’s chest started to tighten up, his breathing became shorter, and his stream began to really dwindle even though he STILL had to go really bad! Again, he bore down on his muscles, trying to keep himself from stopping altogether.

“Come out. Now!” Devon snapped.

Emmett couldn’t come out now! He was still peeing! Slowly, sure, but he WAS peeing. If he tucked himself back away now and came out, he’d end up finishing his pee in his pants after trying so hard to hold it! “I can’t! I’m not finished yet!”

Emmett expected Devon to yell at him again, but he didn’t. Once a few seconds passed with no angry knocking or shouting, Emmett’s stream picked back up and resumed its forceful, gushing burst from before. Now, he DID let himself sigh. He just couldn’t help it. “Haaahhhh….”

Then, he heard yet another hiss of liquid. It wasn’t coming from him, and it sounded different from the waves of pee spraying into the other toilets. It sounded a lot closer to where Emmett was, too… Emmett didn’t allow himself to speculate on what that new, unusual sound may have been. He had an idea, but couldn’t make himself believe it. Instead, Emmett just focused on how good he felt, watching his powerful, clear stream of urine spatter forcefully into the toilet after so much time being forced to contain it.

Once he was empty, a nice chill went up his spine, making him shudder. “Ahhh…” he sighed out again. All better… He zipped up and opened his stall, enjoying how much lighter his body felt now that it wasn’t eighty percent piss. As he stepped out, Emmett saw Devon, and he was confirming Emmett’s earlier suspicion.

The crotch of Devon’s pants was soaked through. One of the legs was utterly drenched, and the other leg was pretty damp as well. His white shoes were tinted yellow and an enormous puddle was at his feet. He looked like he was in shock, like he couldn’t even believe this had actually happened.

“Oh my gosh!” Emmett exclaimed. “I’m so sorry! I— I promise, I really WAS trying to finish as fast as I could, I promise! I tried! Are you okay!?”

Devon didn’t reply, just shoved Emmett against the wall before running from the room.

Emmett felt his skin erupt and begin crawling with germs when it made contact with the bathroom wall. He hurried for the sink to wash off as much as he could, now dying to get home and shower.

After scrubbing himself with hot water violently for as long as he could, feeling utterly ashamed at how many people were bearing witness to his intense personal hygiene practices, Emmett exited the restroom. He tried to think of the positives. Devon was probably going to be worse to him than ever before now. He felt like his skin was infected with disease. But… At least he’d made it to the toilet in time? At least he’d peed?

He waited for a few minutes, hoping Nova and Shelby had made it alright as well. He saw Nova come out of the women’s room soon, finally able to stand up straight. He waved to her and she came over. He tried to ask if she was okay again, but still couldn’t get past the awkward feelings associated with asking her about her bladder. She didn’t seem to have the same problem, however. “Feel better?”

“Kind of,” Emmett said.

“Hm? What’s—“

“Oh my God!” Shelby interrupted, walking up to them. She no longer looked like she was fighting back tears. “I was seriously gonna explode!”

Emmett said nothing.

“What’s the matter?” Shelby asked. “Don’t you feel bett—“

Emmett tried to explain all the things that had happened with Devon in the restroom.

“Wait… You… APOLOGIZED to him!?” Shelby interrupted.

“Well, yeah,” Emmett shrugged. “I made him have an accident…”

“You didn’t,” Nova said. “That’s not your fault.”

“And, besides,” Shelby added. “He was bullying you the whole time you were in line, he picks on you constantly, he locked you in a closet once, he—“

“I know,” Emmett said.

“My point is, he doesn’t deserve an apology,” Shelby said. “He’s awful to you all the time. Honestly, he deserved to piss his pants. Just a shame not enough people saw it.”

“That’s not nice,” Emmett said.

“HE’S not nice,” Shelby said.

“You don’t need to be nice to people that treat you so badly,” Nova told him.

Emmett felt a little better. He knew they were right. He did not owe Devon an apology. He should not have even felt sorry for him at all, but he still did. He couldn’t help it.

*013*2022-02-10 17:51

If Emmett moved his hands, he was gonna pee his pants. No question about it. His hands, pressed firmly against his trembling pee-hole, were the only things preventing the gallons and gallons of liquid inside his body from spraying out in an uncontainable rush. The universe had shrank ages ago; All that existed anymore was his bladder and the urine contained within it. Minutes had become hours. Hours had become days.

He looked out the window of the bus, seeing that they still had not moved an inch. He was going on an overnight trip with his class. It was supposed to have been fun, but now they’d been caught in horrific traffic for hours, and Emmett’s kidneys had been pumping along the whole time.

He hated it. He’d been smart this time, he really had. He’d bitten the bullet and had one last pee before getting on the bus; He’d forced himself to use the gross school toilets even though it made him scared. But, even if he’d entered the bus as empty as he could be, he was now bursting within an inch of his life. Still, he was glad he’d used the restroom right before leaving. He shuddered to think how atrocious his bladder would be feeling right now if he hadn’t. He probably would have already peed himself, hands or no hands.

He was grateful that he had the window seat, Nova was beside him, so it wouldn’t be as easy for anyone to notice the position of his hands. Even if someone saw and commented, even if they made fun of him, he knew he’d still be unable to move them. A pang of need soared through his bloated body and he squeezed even harder, his thighs tightening around his hands. How was it even possible to need to pee this badly? Surely there had to be a limit to how much a person’s bladder could hurt, right? But, every few minutes, it was noticeably worse than before.

He hadn’t told Nova that he needed the restroom yet, but he doubted that she didn’t already know. He was the picture-perfect example of someone that was on the verge of wetting themselves. He was doubled over, holding himself, thighs clenching, legs pretzeled together. He wouldn’t be surprised if he even looked a little swollen around the edges.

Indeed, Nova could tell very easily what the issue was, “Once the traffic is clear,” she said. “I’ll go ask the teachers to stop somewhere for you.”

Emmett blushed all over. He bounced his legs, crossed his thighs, almost curled himself up into a ball. His hands were working overtime trying to pin his opening closed. “I—“

“I know, gas station toilets are… Difficult for you,” Nova added. “But, you’re hurting yourself, you need to…” she bit her tongue, certain that if she even said the word ‘pee’ at this point, Emmett would proceed to do exactly that all over the seat. “You’re just gonna have to make do with whatever they can find.”

Emmett hadn’t even been thinking about how nauseatingly grotesque the toilet the bus stopped at was likely to be. His heart pounded violently in his chest at the thought of the repulsive situation he was going to have to force himself into… But, then his heart pounded with even more fervor when he realized how incredibly unlikely it was that the bus would stop at all. Even if the traffic ever did move, he doubted if the teachers would agree to a stop so a single student could empty his bladder; Even if said student’s bladder was close to exploding.

Emmett was scared now. It really did feel like he was going to explode. He knew that that couldn’t actually happen, but he did know that there was something else that definitely could.

His bladder could rupture.

He knew that it could. If too much pressure built up in there, the organ could rupture.

Now that he’d thought about ruptured bladders, he couldn’t stop thinking about them.

This was something that happened to him often. He would think of a potential, awful outcome, and his brain would latch onto it, like a frog flinging its tongue out to capture a fly. His brain would refuse to let go of it, it would snuggle up to it like glue and before Emmett could even try to stop it, before he could try to diffuse and calm down, the thoughts would begin to fly.

He knew the symptoms of a ruptured bladder. Things like pelvic and lower abdominal pain, tenderness, leakage of urine, back pain… Things that he was experiencing right now. Things that, logically, he knew were only happening because he had to pee really, really badly. He was experiencing a very desperate need for a urinal, not a medical catastrophe. But, knowing this, telling himself this, trying to use logic and reason, none of those were decent enough weapons to use against the illogical, thrumming panic inside his brain.

His brain told him that his bladder was going to rupture. His brain told him that his bladder rupturing was life-threatening. His brain told him that he was literally going to die a horrific, agonizing death very soon if he didn’t pee.

And, just like that, he was in a panic.

His heart was thumping in his ringing ears, his chest was erupting with pain, he could hardly breathe, and cold sweat rolled down him in buckets. Through his terror, he told himself to just let go, to just pee his pants… But, he couldn’t do it. Now his body was so tight and tense and so far from his control that he couldn’t even force himself to have the accident that he’d been so sure was inevitable.

“Hey, hey,” Nova said. “Shhh…” she was rubbing his arm now. “Breathe. It’s okay,” she soothed. “In and out now… Hold my—“ She stopped, she was about to tell him to squeeze her hand for comfort, something that usually helped him calm down out of his panicked state. But, currently both his hands were wedged firmly between his thighs and she doubted he could move them.

So, instead, she just kept stroking his arm. “It’s okay, you’re okay.” And slowly, his breathing returned to normal. Or, at least as normal as it could be when his entire body was brimming with pee.

He mumbled out that he felt like his bladder was going to rupture, that he needed to go to the hospital.

“Shhh…” Nova repeated, then wondered if she should stop making that noise when she noticed how much tenser Emmett’s thighs got at the sound of it. “I mean, it’s alright. That’s not going to happen. You’ll… Uh… Empty out before THAT happens,” she said. She continued rubbing his arm. She’d seen him needing the toilet really urgently a few times, and ordinarily thought the little dance he couldn’t help was weirdly cute, but it wasn’t cute now. Not when his need was making him feel so scared.

Emmett started to exhale when he felt the bus moving again at last. Then he yelped and dug his hands even firmer into his crotch when it suddenly stopped again just a couple seconds later. They’d barely moved at all!

Nova let go of him when he’d made that noise. She still wanted to comfort him and keep him calm, but she didn’t think her touch alone would be enough to do it anymore. No, the only thing that would make him feel better would be peeing. She picked up her bag, hoping she had something that would make a decent emergency toilet for him. She realized as she searched that, if she did find something, that meant he’d… do it in front of her.

The idea of that made Nova feel really funny inside. She wasn’t even sure what to call the feeling. It was like she both really, really wanted to see it, but also really, really didn’t think she SHOULD want to see it. And, those two conflicting feelings swirled around inside her to become a deeply confusing maelstrom.

Nevertheless, it didn’t really matter. There was nothing in her bag that could be used to hold any amount of liquid, and definitely not the gallon of it Emmett was clearly holding onto. She wondered if she should try asking someone else if they had a bottle. Emmett would be humiliated if she went around the bus asking if anyone was willing to provide him with a urinal, though…

Maybe he’d be at least a little less embarrassed if she just asked his sister? “Hold on,” Nova told him, giving his arm another stroke. “I’m gonna try and get you something.”

Emmett did hold on. He wasn’t sure how, but he held on. He kept holding on. Even though it felt impossible. Maybe it wasn’t, though? After all, while he was absolutely coming apart at the seams and felt like he was going to pee any second, his need had more or less stagnated for a bit now. Maybe he could just keep at it and put up with it for another ten minutes. Then another. Then another. One step at a time, until he was finally able to release his bladder. Like how swimmers approach each race one lap at a time…

Whyyyyy did he just think about water!?

The throbbing, the burning, the pain, it went on and on and on as he sat there and waited, and begged for the traffic to go away. He was dreaming of flying down the road at lightning speeds, the bus stopping, himself rushing from it to find a urinal right there just as he escaped this miserable prison. He was imagining unzipping himself, letting it all flow away, and—

Hsss!

He leaked again, he strained his thighs together more.

Nova returned with a disappointed look on her face. “Sorry,” she said. “Shelby didn’t have a bottle, either…”

Emmett barely heard her. All he could hear now was the screaming in his bladder and the monotonous litany inside his head; ‘GOTTA PEE, GOTTA PEE, GOTTA PEE!!’ He was rocking back and forth and back and forth and back and forth. His body was acting on its own, and he just needed to go so bad, and he couldn’t take it, and it hurt, and he would do anything to pee, and—

Finally, he felt the bus start to move. To really move. Not the starting and stopping, but actual movement. They were on their way again. He looked to Nova with a plea on his lips. He needed the bus to pull over, needed it to bring him to a toilet. He didn’t even care if it was the grossest toilet in the country, so long as he could pee in it and not have to feel this way anymore.

Nova stood and walked to the front of the bus, and Emmett felt a glimmer of hope.

It shattered like a faberge egg on concrete when Nova returned just a minute later, frowning. “They said no stops, we’re already behind their schedule because of the traffic.”

“I can’t…” Emmett whimpered. “I’ve n—never felt it like this before.” He started to breathe harshly again.

“It’s okay,” Nova said. She was running out of ways to keep him calm. His desperation was clearly scaring him, and the only way to get rid of it would be to have him pee his pants. And she didn’t think that wetting himself when their entire class was on the bus with him would help him feel relaxed and calm, either! “We should be there soon.”

“What if there’s more traffic?”

“Don’t think about that.”

“What if I can’t wait?”

“Don’t think about that.”

“What if my bladder ruptures first?”

“Don’t think about that.”

“Wh—What if…” Emmett moaned. “I’m really sorry about this. I’m disgusting.”

“You’re not. You’re not disgusting because your body has needs,” Nova said.

“But… I’m…” he lowered his voice. “I’ve been… leaking. And—“

“It’s okay,” Nova said. “I don’t think you’re gross. You can’t control it.”

“I’m so—“

“If I thought you were gross, I wouldn’t do this,” Nova said, and leaned in for a deep kiss. Finally, some of Emmett’s taut, straining muscles melted while her tongue found its way into his mouth. They’d probably be in trouble if one of the teachers saw, but they were all way up front. And, this was a very welcome distraction from needing to pee. After a minute, their lips separated.

“You’re okay,” Nova said. “You can make it.” The second statement was one Nova was a little less certain of. Truthfully, the fact that he was only just ‘leaking’ right now seemed like nothing short of a miracle to her.

The next half hour was not the least bit easy. Emmett couldn’t keep himself from bouncing, and it took a concentrated effort not to pull his hands away from his dick in disgust when he felt his crotch growing warm and damp from all the leaks he couldn’t stop. He felt so vile, his hands coming into contact with his own bodily waste. The bodily waste that he was unable to contain inside himself… His breathing was ragged and he had to focus really hard on each breath, and on staring straight ahead to keep from working himself into another anxiety attack.

Finally, the bus stopped again, and they were at their destination; A somewhat upscale campground that consisted of a series of cabins and other small buildings. Nova was gently urging him onto his feet, and once he was doing the closest thing to ‘standing up’ that he could manage in his current state, she was tugging him towards the door. They were in the back, so they were supposed to wait for everyone else to get off first, but Emmett couldn’t handle any more waiting, and Nova knew it.

They were the first two off, even beating the teachers. Nova was turning about, trying to find the restrooms, and hoping for Emmett’s sake that they wouldn’t be too gross.

“W—We have to wait for the t—teachers, we’ll get in trouble,” Emmett managed to squeak.

“You can’t wait,” Nova stated the obvious. She finally saw a sign on one of the buildings, designating it as a restroom. “Okay, come on. Just a little further.”

Emmett was still scared about being in trouble for wandering off, but his bladder couldn’t care less. Even if the school administration decided that rushing for the toilet before he’d gotten permission was worthy of expulsion, it would be worth it if he could actually pee.

They arrived at the building, and Nova reached to get the door to the men’s room for him. But, it was locked. This was confusing, because it was too big to just be a single use stall. She pounded on the door instead, while Emmett jumped up and down beside her. She looked at him with sympathy, trying not to notice the dark patch going down one of his pant-legs.

A man opened the door, “We’re cleaning the restrooms right now,” he informed. “Come back later.”

And the door shut before she could argue that it was an emergency. “Eheh… Uh. At least you know they clean them now?” she offered.

Emmett doubled over on himself, before crouching down in the dirt. He was folded totally in half, his forehead brushing the dirt and his knees buckling under him.

“It’s okay,” Nova said, stroking a hand down his tight, knotted spine.

But, it was obviously very far from being okay. Pee was pattering into the dirt beneath Emmett’s curled body. He was having an accident, though clearly not as big of one as he needed to.

Nova wanted to tell him to just go, to just give up and let it happen.

But then she remembered that, technically, this was a camping trip. And, usually when people went camping, they peed in the woods… Just because there were toilets here, that didn’t mean the trees had to be off limits, did it? “New plan,” she said. “You’re gonna go in the woods.”

Emmett’s voice was soft and tiny. “I can’t, I forgot my hand sanitizer at home, so I won’t be able to—“

Nova was stunned that he actually had the capacity to still CARE about how he was going to clean his hands off after he’d finished peeing. “I... I brought some for you just in case, you’ll be fine!” she informed.

Emmett yanked himself up, unwrapping from his coiled form and getting to his feet shakily. “O—Okay,” he said, and Nova helped him take tiny steps towards the wooded area.

“Almost there, just a little further,” she said. “You can do it.”

And, a minute later, they were there. Concealed by the bushes and trees. Now that he’d found somewhere to release, Emmett was met by his next obstacle.

If Emmett moved his hands, he was gonna pee his pants. No question about it.

He needed to move his hands to get his zipper down, though.

“Nnnhhh…” Emmett whimpered, jumping in place. He removed one hand from over his crotch, but the spill that started immediately thereafter made it tuck itself right back where it had been. “I can’t—“

Nova noticed him struggling… This… Really wasn’t how she’d THOUGHT the first time she touched his zipper would go, but… “Want some help?”

“Please!?”

Nova rushed to his side, and reached between his coiled wrists to unbutton his fly. “Move your hands for just a tiny second,” she said. “Just a second.”

Emmett did, painfully, and Nova yanked his zipper down in one fast tug. Her fingers were a little wet as she pulled her hand away, and Emmett’s own hands frantically dove into his boxers, rescuing his leaking cock. Now that the pressure of his hands was gone from his opening, the leaks had turned into a torrential downpour that he aimed blindly into the dirt.

Nova was still right at his side. No doubt WAY closer than she should have been to a guy while he was urinating. But, she found herself unable to move. Emmett was peeing a huge, forceful waterfall against the ground, his head tilted back, eyes fluttering shut in utter bliss.

Nova couldn’t look away either. That face Emmett was making was gorgeous. There was no other word to describe it. His eyes gently closed, his lips parted. A few seconds later, a moan fell from them. “Ahhhhh…. I’m so sorry, Nova. I know you don’t want to see… Ohhhh…”

Nova didn’t respond. She couldn’t. The sounds he was making were intensifying the fascination she felt. She knew she shouldn’t do what she did next, but her eyesight dropped down a bit to his dick and the liquid that was erupting from it. A clear, consistent stream of long-held pee spraying the dirt with the force of a fire hose and creating a fizzing puddle of relief.

The entire thing was just so interesting. His expression, the sounds— both from his throat and from his hissing stream itself— the forcefulness of his pee… It was cute. It was cute that simply peeing had turned this usually anxiety-stricken person into a shivering, shuddering moaning picture of total relaxation. She had the weird urge to hold him a little as he shook with relief. He probably wouldn’t appreciate that very much, though.

After almost two full minutes of nonstop spraying, Emmett’s bladder finally ceased its gushing. He stood there in a daze for several seconds before he remembered himself enough to zip back up and button his fly. He turned a little to face Nova. “I’m… I’m so sorry,” he said. He was positive that Nova was only still here because the revulsion she felt had stunned her into a standstill. “I should have waited for you to leave before I… Did that. I tried to, I promise, I just—“

“It’s okay,” Nova said once more. “You’re… Uh, you’re kinda cute when you do that. That’s probably weird to say, but you just looked… Really calm, I guess? You don’t normally look that way. It’s nice to see.”

Emmett bit his lip, and he looked as anxious as ever again. “I wasn’t really trying to be cute…”

“That’s a good thing, that means you’re cute all the time, even when you don’t mean to be!”

“Um, thank you…” Emmett said, blushing. “Um, can I have the hand sanitizer now please?” His hands felt so dirty. He’d gotten so much pee on them when he’d still been struggling to hold everything in. He now felt as desperate to clean his hands as he’d felt to pee!

“Of course,” Nova said.

*014*2022-02-11 18:04

‘Why didn’t I go before we left the museum?’ Emmett asked himself for what must have been the fiftieth time. He tapped his feet against the floor of the car and cringed as it careened over yet another speed bump. His bladder slammed upwards, and he felt like the pee inside his body had reached up to his throat. He stared out the window, and he couldn’t recognize anything, so he knew they weren’t even back inside his city yet. They were nowhere near the relief he needed.

His class had been on a field trip out of town to a museum all day. Dad had chaperoned to drive him and his sister there and back. The museum had been interesting, and the restaurant inside it had the most delicious lemonade Emmett had ever tasted… He just wished he could have known it was going to shoot through him this quickly.

The worst part, Emmett thought, was that there was really no excuse for him not to have peed before leaving the museum. The restrooms there were perfectly clean, sparkling even. Shelby, Dad and several of his classmates had stopped off to use them, so Emmett would not have wasted anyone’s time by doing the same.

No. The only reason he hadn’t peed like he should have was purely because he’d been too distracted. By a really big rock the museum had on display. A rock. A freaking rock.

What was even wrong with him?!

He didn’t know. He’d just… He’d never seen such a huge rock before, and the information on the placard beside it was interesting, all about how it had been formed by a volcano erupting, and… And he just hadn’t felt like he’d NEEDED to pee then, so he kept reading it. And then they were out the door and at the car. It wasn’t until they’d been driving for about half an hour that he realized he really, really should have peed when he’d had the chance.

The need had just slammed into him all at once, he hadn’t felt it building up. Just, one second he was okay, and the next he was squirming in his seat and wishing the car would move faster. The good news was that if he asked for a stop, Dad would probably give it to him, something that would be much more unlikely if he was riding the bus with the rest of his class. The bad news was that the only options they’d passed by were those disgusting, revolting, absolutely nightmare-inducing abominations that had been forged in the ninth layer of Hell by Lucifer himself. Some people called them ‘gas station toilets’, but Emmett did not think that phrase was enough to adequately describe their evil.

He’d peed in one only once, and had vowed never to do it again. That time had been one of the worst bladder emergencies of his entire life, a time when he’d had about two seconds to get his zipper down before he’d have an accident. He’d… Actually begged Shelby to come with him so SHE could touch the door handle and turn the sink on for him. She’d been about to tease him, before noticing the wet spot already forming at his crotch and realizing that she’d better just give him what he needed.

As Shelby held the door for him, he rushed in to find that the urinal had been torn off the wall by some vandal, so that wasn’t going to be an option. He’d whirled around to face the toilet instead, but it was… badly clogged. And people hadn’t stopped using it in spite of the clog… And someone had tossed their empty beer can into it as well. True, Emmett wouldn’t have needed to sit down on it, but there was still a serious risk of splashback, and he didn’t want to tempt fate.

He wasn’t proud of what he’d ended up doing. He’d told himself that the room was already so ridiculously filthy that it didn’t matter if he added to the stains and puddles that were already prevalent there. Still, as he unzipped and opted to just hose down the wall since it was the option that disgusted him the least, he felt far more shame than he did relief. He knew he really shouldn’t feel guilty, obviously he wasn’t making a mess anyone would have to clean up because evidently no one had cleaned the room since before the Roman Empire had collapsed… Nevertheless, it still made him feel bad.

To his surprise, Shelby hadn’t even teased him about it. No, instead she’d told him “…Yeah, that’s what I would have done, too…”

Even if he hadn’t touched a damn thing in that room, apart from with the soles of his shoes since he’d unfortunately lacked the ability to float above the floor, for the rest of the day Emmett had felt like a grimy, yet invisible, coat of paint was coating his body. He hadn’t managed to feel clean again until he could finally take a shower and scrub himself so hard that most of his skin flamed pink.

After that he’d vowed that he would never, ever do that again. No matter how badly he had to pee, he’d do whatever it took not to place himself into a room like that again for the rest of his life.

He tried to banish this memory from his brain now, not just of the disgust, but of how he’d actually PEED that day. Thinking about past times he’d relieved himself was making him need to do it again SO much worse!

Well, that and the sound of his metal water bottle sloshing in the cup holder… He glared at it as the liquid it contained rolled back and forth, the liquid contained in his bladder seeming to move in time with it. The noise was getting on every single one of his nerves, and making his urethra sting as he clenched his muscles as hard as he could.

He wished he could empty it… But, he couldn’t pour it out the window without attracting notice. And the only OTHER way he could empty it would be to… Drink it. And, obviously if he did that he’d explode into ten million tiny little pieces and literally die.

Well. Maybe not anything quite that dramatic. But still. If he drank one more sip of liquid, it would definitely hurt really, really bad.

They kept driving down the seemingly endless stretch of road. It felt like the drive back was about five times as long as the drive there had taken earlier in the day. Emmett’s bladder was pounding with need, liquid trying to force its way down his pipes, and no matter how tightly he clenched his thighs, it just kept getting worse.

“Emmett?” Shelby asked from his side. “You okay?”

“N—Never better,” Emmett managed through his gritted teeth.

Shelby gave him an odd look, “Are you sure?”

“Positive.”

“… If you need Dad to pull ove—“

“I’m fine!” Emmett insisted. “I’m perfectly fine, and I can hold it until we get home!” He had to be fine, because there was no room in the car for him NOT to be. He couldn’t pee on the seat, and he couldn’t pee in a gas station toilet, so he just couldn’t pee. That was all there was to it.

Shelby shrugged and looked out the window. “I think we’re about an hour from home?” she guessed. “Can you handle that?”

The thought of an HOUR squeezed a fist around Emmett’s bladder and he palmed his crotch against a massive wave of need. “Y—Yes,” he said uncertainly.

“Okay…” Shelby said.

The drive continued. Emmett bounced in his seat, crossed his legs, and glared at his noisy, sloshing water bottle. At one point he unlatched his seatbelt. He knew it was unsafe, but just the pressure of the strap over his middle had become too much for him to deal with. A little while after that, he had to unbutton his pants as well. When he did this, his knuckles brushed themselves against the hard, distended curve of his full bladder and an urgent pulse swept through it that made him nearly double over.

Now that his pants weren’t so tight around his waist, he felt a little better. But, the relief was so close to the feeling of actually peeing that he needed to cross his legs even more tightly together. Before long, the awful tight feeling was back, and he went ahead and unzipped as well.

Shelby heard his zipper coming down and whipped around to look at him. “What are you—“ Before she could finish her question, the car jerked to the side. Emmett yelped in surprise and plunged a hand into the open flaps of his pants to grip himself properly, cringing with disgust when he felt the fabric of his boxers growing warm and damp.

The reason the car had jerked like that was because Dad had pulled over at a gas station. He got out and started to refuel the car.

Shelby took off her seatbelt, took her brother by the wrist, and basically dragged him from the car. “Okay, yeah. You’re gonna pee here.”

“I can’t!” Emmett whined. “It’s too gross!”

“You don’t even know if the toilet here is gross,” Shelby said. “You haven’t seen it yet!”

“It’s a gas station on a highway in Florida, Shelby!” Emmett said. “Of course it’s gross!”

Shelby sighed. “Well, even if it is, you’re gonna use it. Look at yourself, like eighty percent of your body’s gotta be pee right now.”

“Shelby!” Emmett exclaimed.

She continued leading him around the side of the building to the restrooms. “GO,” she ordered.

“I can’t!”

“You HAVE to.”

Emmett trembled from more than just desperation then. “Could you check first? Tell me how bad it is?”

Shelby groaned and rolled her eyes. “If THAT’S what it takes to keep you from peeing your pants…” she said. She opened the door to the men’s room and stepped inside. And…

It was bad.

Like, the stuff of nightmares.

It looked like someone had poured bucket after bucket of chili onto a rotating helicopter blade if the stains and globs coating the walls were anything to go by.

And the stench was like that of a dying animal. Shelby felt like her eyes could smell it.

But, if SHE thought that this was bad, then to someone like Emmett it would probably look like something straight from the boiler room of Hell. She wasn’t going to try and convince him to use this. Urging him in here would be downright cruel, like she was just TRYING to trigger him into having a panic attack.

Odds were, if he went in that room, he WOULD have a panic attack, and then he’d freak out more because he’d been breathing heavily while surrounded by so many germs, and… Would he even be capable of peeing while mid-anxiety attack? She didn't think that sounded possible, since in order to urinate he’d need to relax at least a little, and obviously if he was panicking and breaking down, that wouldn’t be happening. Or, maybe freaking out like that would cause him to go in his pants instead.

So, even if he did go inside that restroom, then at best he’d be so tense that he wouldn’t be able to pee, and at worst he’d start hyperventilating and either wouldn’t be able to pee or would just do it in his pants. It would be a pointless endeavor, she would have only succeeded in putting him into a very uncomfortable, scary situation that didn’t offer him any type of reward.

She exited the room. Emmett was looking at her with trepidation and perhaps even a little hope. “Um…” She said. “One moment…” She then ducked into the women’s room, hoping it would be better. It may end up taking some convincing to get him to use a ladies’ toilet, what with him being such a stickler for rules, but surely it had to be better than—

It was even worse.

Shelby wasn’t sure how that possible, but it was. This room was even grosser than the men’s had been.

She backed out of the room and returned to her brother. He looked at her with big, watery eyes. “Is it—“

“Bad doesn’t even cover it,” Shelby said. “I… Honestly think straight up peeing yourself is the best decision you can make right now.”

“I can’t do that!” Emmett cried, horrified. He squeezed himself even tighter as his bladder threatened to make him do it in spite of his protests. He turned around a few times, searching for something that might save him. But, the area was barren. Absolutely nothing to hide behind. No trees, no bushes, not even a garbage can he could duck behind. And there were roads on all sides of the building, each one with several cars zooming by that would see if he decided to relieve himself on a wall…

He was screwed. There was no way out of this. He was going to pee his pants.

He at least wanted a little privacy for that, so he stumbled his way back to the car. Dad was finishing up with the car and told him he needed to go inside to pay. Emmett wondered if maybe there was an employee bathroom inside the building that was nice and clean, and maybe if he begged hard enough they’d let him use it. He doubted it.

Shelby had caught up to him. “I’m really sorry,” she said. “You should have gone at the museum…”

“I know, Emmett whimpered, rocking from side to side. He’d opened his car door so he’d have something to hide behind when his bladder finally gave up… And then he found an answer! He dove into the car, twisting his hips and shuddering as he sat down.

“Emmett, if you’re gonna wet yourself, don’t do it inside of the—“

“I’m not going to,” Emmett insisted. He tore one hand away from his crotch and picked up the metal water bottle that had been torturing him all through the ride. Now, it was going to save him.

He unscrewed it as fast as he could with one hand and, dreading what he was about to do, reached to dump it onto the pavement outside the door.

“What are you doing?” Shelby asked, though that was fairly obvious. “You’re gonna ruin it…” she said.

Since Emmett had already unzipped, he’d only needed to fish himself free from his boxers and aim into the opening of the bottle. Then, the air was filled with the sound of liquid tinkling against metal, rapidly replaced by the sound of liquid hitting liquid. “Ahhhh….” Emmett sighed, allowing his eyes to shut.

Shelby stared at him. She didn’t really want to, of course. It was just… She was stunned. Her brother, her germaphobic, neat-freak brother who would rather tear out all of his own eyelashes than make a gross mess of anything… Was now filling up his own water bottle with wave after wave of urine. And, if that expression on his face and the moans erupting from his mouth were anything to go by, he was loving every second of it too. It both looked and sounded like there was nothing in the world he’d rather do than continue just sitting there, emptying out into the bottle.

She couldn’t help but snort, “Heh… What the Hell?” she giggled.

Emmett cracked his eyes open. He felt like he was floating, his body was so loose and free and empty… “Don’t watch!” he said, albeit a little halfheartedly. He didn’t mind all that much… He felt too good to mind anything at all.

“You’re ruining it,” Shelby said, still laughing. “You can’t ever drink from it again.”

“It can go through the dishwasher,” Emmett said. “It…Hahhhh…” he shivered as his deluge finally began to slow down, shaking off a little before replacing the cap on the bottle. He reached into his pocket and retrieved his hand sanitizer, squeezing a little out into one of his palms before rubbing them together.

“It can go through the dishwasher,” Shelby repeated. “You threw out your book-bag because a spider got squished under it once and you didn’t think the washing machine would clean it well enough. But you’ll—“

“Spider guts are grosser than urine,” Emmett said, as if that was just a known fact everyone should have already been aware of.

“You don’t make sense sometimes,” Shelby said, shaking her head. “Feeling better though?”

“A lot better,” Emmett said. “I was bursting…” He placed the bottle back into the cupholder, looking at the label on its side. “Wow…” he said.

“What?”

“I filled this thing up almost all the way,” he said. “So, I peed out an entire liter…”

“That is a lot…” Shelby said. “Do you really want to finish the drive with it next to you like that, though? You can pour it out before Dad comes back…”

Emmett shook his head, “No way, some might splash on my shoes if I pour it out here!”

“… I really don’t get you,” Shelby said.

*015*2022-02-12 17:49

Little bit of female desperation in this one.

***

Nova was getting a LOT better at differentiating Emmett’s usual ‘I’m feeling very nervous right now’ squirming from his more frantic ‘Ohh, I really, really gotta pee!’ squirming. But, even as she grew more and more adept at working out when he had to relieve his bladder, a part of her always wanted to pretend that she couldn’t tell. When he told her he needed to be excused for a bit, she would try to act like she didn’t know why he was leaving for a few extra minutes. Just to force him to admit to her that he was desperate. She knew that this was wrong, in any other case Nova’s first instinct was always to help Emmett, to soothe him and to give him whatever he needed if she was able to.

But, he was just so undeniably cute when his face got all red and he mumbled to her that he was bursting for the toilet.

She also couldn’t deny that she kind of wanted to see him… DO it again. She doubted that this desire was normal, but seeing Emmett’s body go so loose, seeing all of the tension leave it… She’d never seen him so relaxed before. Even when he was asleep he was scrunched into a tight ball and still looked nervous.

Nova was thinking about pee and Emmett’s tense sleeping patterns because she was currently desperate to relieve her own bladder, and Emmett was asleep and gripping onto her so tightly that she couldn’t get up.

She was sleeping over at his house tonight. And she’d been so concerned that she’d accidentally do something weird in front of him that peeing before bed had completely slipped her mind. She was regretting that now. She knew she should just wake him up, but knowing he suffered from frequent bouts of Insomnia, she didn’t want to rouse him when he was getting some badly needed rest.

So instead, Nova had been trying to just squirm out of his grasp, but that had proven difficult. His hands were both clung tightly to her arm and she couldn’t manage to force his fingers to uncurl. Eventually, she gave up on the endeavor, resolving to just hold it in until morning. She tried to fall asleep in order to speed that process along a little bit, but sleep just refused to come. Every time she felt herself starting to drift off, her bladder would jolt and she’d feel right on the cusp of letting it all flow into the bed. She’d clench her thighs, her heart pounding with adrenaline, and by the time the spasm passed she’d be wide awake once more.

Miserably, she realized that she was going to be up all night, enduring a heinous need to empty her bladder.

***

Emmett was scared.

He was in the hospital again, like he was when he was little and had gotten so sick. The doctors were talking to each other, they were saying the illness was back. This both terrified Emmett and confused him; He didn’t understand how his illness could be back again. The last time he’d had it, his appendix had been taken out so that he could get better. He couldn’t possibly be sick like that again if the thing wasn’t even in his body anymore, right?

When he was little and had gotten sick like that, he’d thrown up a lot. Emmett couldn’t remember throwing up today, and if he HAD thrown up, he definitely would have been able to remember it. It was the thing he was most afraid of, after all.

When he was little and had gotten sick like that, he’d also had an agonizing pain in his stomach, like being stabbed repeatedly every few seconds. He didn’t feel that now. He did feel a great deal of pain, though. But, this pain was below his stomach. He had to pee so much that the screaming urgency in his bladder was almost loud enough to drown out the words of the doctors around him.

He remembered that when he’d had the operation and his appendix had been removed, he’d rested in a hospital bed like this one for a long time afterwards. He’d been really weak and had had a hard time talking, and he was so scared that he couldn’t even really remember how to. After a while, he’d needed to go pee very badly. But, he knew he wasn’t supposed to get out of bed, and he was too sore to try anyway. Emmett could barely understand what had happened to him, just that he’d been in a lot of pain, had thrown up everywhere uncontrollably, and then he’d had to come to this scary place and be cut up. He hadn’t looked at his stomach under his gown yet. He was too frightened of what he might see there. He didn’t understand how he could have been cut apart and put back together again; surely his insides were falling out even if he couldn’t feel it.

The hospital was scary, and the doctors were scary, and Emmett couldn’t find his voice to tell any of them that he needed to pee.

So, he’d just stayed in bed and held it, even though it hurt really, really bad and it was so hard to keep it from coming out. Eventually, he needed the toilet so urgently that he started to cry. He cried a lot, struggling to breathe through his sobs. The crying made it even tougher to keep all the pee inside, but he couldn’t stop the tears from coming.

After he’d spent several minutes crying through his pain, a nurse entered his room to check on him. “Oh, dear… What’s the matter?” she asked.

The nurses scared Emmett too, he was worried he was going to get cut open again. So, even though he wanted to tell her he was about to have an accident, he couldn’t find the words.

“Are you still in pain?” She came closer to his bed and saw that he was pressing his hands very tightly between his legs. “Oh, do you have to use the bathroom?”

Emmett nodded frantically. Yes, yes he did! Please! Can’t hold it anymore!

“Poor dear,” the nurse said. She went to a cabinet and rummaged around, when she came back to his side she’d been holding a bottle. She unscrewed the cap and handed it to him. “There you go, honey. I’ll just give you some privacy.” And then she’d left.

Emmett was able to figure out that apparently he was supposed to use this bottle now instead of a toilet. He didn’t really like this, because he’d known he was only supposed to pee in toilets. But, his pee couldn’t stay inside anymore, so he’d hidden the bottle underneath his gown and let it out. It felt good, but he was still worried that he’d done something wrong.

When the nurse had come back into the room and saw the bottle, her startled reaction made Emmett more worried he’d broken a rule. Had he been wrong? Was the bottle NOT for peeing, after all? But, when she’d spoken to him, she wasn’t angry. “Oh, you poor thing…” she said. “All of that was in you? Did no one give you a bottle until now?”

Emmett had shook his head then. He hadn’t known anyone was supposed to have given him a bottle to pee into…

“That’s unacceptable… I can’t believe they forgot to…” The nurse stopped. “You are feeling better now?”

Emmett had given her a nod. He did feel better. Still sore, but now neither his appendix nor his bladder were at risk of bursting.

Now, as Emmett sat confusedly in a similar bed in a similar room, history was repeating itself. He tried to regain his ability to speak so he could ask for a bottle without having to endure the same level of agony he’d withstood when he’d been small. But, the doctors were talking to each other, and everything they said made Emmett’s voice shrivel more and more.

“We’re going to have to operate again,” one doctor said. “He should have known this would happen.”

“He hasn’t washed his hands enough,” the other doctor agreed. “He’s let in all manner of infections.”

“He touched a doorknob last week and didn’t use hand sanitizer until two minutes later,” the first doctor said. “And he touched his lips before sterilizing his hands. It’s no wonder he’s so sick.”

“He realized his mistake at least,” the second doctor said. “When he figured out the germs had gotten into his body, he swallowed some of his sanitizer. But, it was too late.”

Emmett was unsure how the doctors knew all of that. He did remember panicking when he’d realized his unclean hand had brushed against his mouth. He did remember forcing himself to swallow a pump of hand sanitizer to make up for it. But he didn’t remember telling anyone about that, or anyone being around to see it happen.

Not that any of it had ended up mattering. He was sick again, and he was going to be cut open again, and—

He was startled by a burst of warmth between his legs and began to clutch himself as he whimpered.

The doctors turned to look at him. “What’s the matter?” The first doctor asked.

Emmett tried to answer and say that he needed to pee RIGHT NOW, but he couldn’t find the words. Tears formed in the corners of his eyes.

“Looks like he needs the bathroom,” the second doctor said.

Emmett nodded very quickly. ‘Please,’ he thought. ‘You can do anything you need to do to me! Just let me pee!’ As he continually nodded, more and more leaks dribbled from his tip. ‘Hurry!’

The first doctor went to the cabinet and got out a bottle. Emmett eagerly held out the hand not clamped around his dick. ‘Please, I can’t wait!’ he thought as he grasped onto the bottle. ‘Oh, finally!’ He couldn’t wait for the doctors to leave the room. He couldn’t even wait for them to turn around, either. He was gonna have to let it out with them right here, and he didn’t care, he just couldn’t hold it anymore. Nothing mattered anymore, nothing. He was about to relieve himself and it was going to feel wonderful…

***

Nova continued enduring the thrashing madness taking place in her bladder. Her thighs were clamped together, and the hand Emmett wasn’t locked onto was squeezed between them. She felt her fingers growing wet as squirts of pee continually shot out of her body without her consent. She was NOT going to last until morning. She had no choice, she HAD to wake him up, or she’d piss all over herself and the bed. Emmett probably wouldn’t ever be able to look at her again if she did that.

Emmett had been doing a great deal of thrashing around during the last half hour. Even more than he’d been doing before. She wasn’t sure if he was having a bad dream, or if this was just how a person with severe anxiety slept.

Hss—

She startled at the noise of trickling liquid and pressed her hand more firmly against herself… But, she didn’t feel any new warmth there. She hadn’t peed another drop.

Confused, she glanced towards Emmett’s crotch and saw it starting to glisten. “Emmett, wake up!” she said urgently, both from her own desperate need to pee and from a desire to keep Emmett from having what would surely be a very traumatic accident. “Wake up!”

Emmett’s eyes cracked open. He was breathing heavily. “Wha’…?” he asked blearily, sitting up— And then his hands flew off of Nova’s arms as he frantically shoved them against his crotch. “Ah—!” His eyes popped wide open as he struggled to clamp off the stream he realized was trickling into his pajamas. He was shocked that this was happening; He had NEVER wet the bed before in his life, and now he’d very nearly done it the first night his girlfriend was sleeping beside him?! He immediately jumped out of bed and instantly regretted it as all the liquid he was holding back made a fierce rush down towards his urethral opening, which he was still trying his hardest to pinch shut. “I gotta go!”

Nova did not tease him this time. She didn’t ask him ‘Go where?’ or try to make him admit that he was about to pee his pants. “I do too,” she said.

Emmett, whom had been in the process of hurrying to the toilet as quickly as his bladder would allow him to, stopped right at the door to his room. He shimmied his hips, bounced on his heels, didn’t dare let go of his cock, and turned around. He noticed now that Nova had sat up and was cupping her hands between her own legs, obviously in dire need of a pee.

This presented a problem.

His house DID have two toilets, but to get to one of them, a person would have to go through his Dad’s room. His Dad was a very light sleeper, and Emmett had inherited his penchant for insomnia from him. Going in there while he slept would almost certainly wake him up, and waking him up would most likely render him unable to get back to sleep. Dad would be grouchy all the next day. It had taken a lot of work to get Dad to agree to let Emmett have his girlfriend spend the night. Emmett had needed to emphasize to him how responsible he was, how he was very mature. And, he was pretty sure that causing his Dad to lose sleep because he could not for the life of him hold onto his pee for a few extra minutes would disprove all of his claims of maturity.

But, the thing was, Emmett knew he really COULDN’T hold onto his pee for a few extra minutes. He’d already started going, after all. And, sure, he’d managed to shut off his flow when Nova woke him, but stopping midstream was one talent Emmett never managed to master. Whenever he started to pee, that was it; He was going to finish. There had been a few times he’d been urinating and something happened that necessitated him stopping— The time he’d needed to void himself into Dad’s bathtub and the awful day he’d gotten locked in the janitor’s closet and had had no choice but to empty his aching bladder into a bucket came to mind. On both those occasions, someone had walked in on him and so he’d tried to plug himself shut again. And, both those times, he’d only managed to restrain his stream for a second or two before it exploded out of him once more.

Stopping before he’d finished was downright torture for Emmett. It was one of the worst feelings in the world to him; It always resulted in this really intense, awful sensation, almost like he was being pinched in the most sensitive part of his body. It burned and stung and was enough to bring tears to his eyes. He was feeling ALL of that right now, his bladder begging him to let it keep doing what it had been doing into his pajama pants a couple minutes ago. The only reason he hadn’t started letting loose again was because his hands were doing a very good job at turning themselves into corks; He just wasn’t sure how much longer that was gonna last.

Hopefully, it would last long enough for Nova to go. “N—Nova, please try and go fast, okay?” he requested, stomping his feet so much it looked like he was trying to do a strange march.

Nova had managed to get out of bed, and she hadn’t moved her hands from their spot underneath herself. She was pressing her fingers firmly into her groin, wincing at the very small patch of warm wetness she could feel just below her fingertips. She WANTED to go first. She was DYING to go first. But, seeing Emmett in a vulnerable state always made her feel so protective… “Y—You can go first,” she said as the two of them shuffled down the hallway towards the restroom.

‘Do it,’ Emmett’s bladder begged him. ‘Do it, do it! Please? You’re going to explode!’ To emphasize its point, his bladder spasmed and a squirt of urine flowed forth. “Hnnnh…” he whimpered, thighs quivering and straining against his clutched hands. “Y—You’re a guest here,” he whispered. “I— Oh!— I can hold it!”

Nova had been able to hear Emmett’s last leak hissing out of him and knew that he absolutely COULDN’T hold it. But, she could also feel more heat flowing into her own cupped hands and knew that SHE couldn’t last one more minute either… She wished there was a way they could BOTH go. But, since she’d have to sit down, they obviously couldn’t just stand side by side and relieve themselves into the toilet. And she seriously doubted that Emmett would be willing to use the sink as a urinal, no matter how full his bladder was.

She supposed, however, that there was ONE way they could both use the toilet. She could just spread her legs apart some and let him aim his stream in between them. That should work, right? Writhing on the spot, her bladder weakening more and more now that they were at the door to the restroom, she asked Emmett if he liked this idea.

Immediately, he turned bright red. He HAD shared a toilet with another person before a few times. Once had been when he was pretty little and he and another boy both really had to go, but the restroom attached to their classroom only had one toilet. That hadn’t been TOO strange. Emmett had been way too young to feel very bothered by it. There was also one time when he and Dad got stuck in traffic on their way to visit someone, and when they got there neither of them could wait another second. Emmett had been older then and it had felt a LITTLE more uncomfortable, but it was still JUST his Dad so it wasn’t too big of a deal.

The weirdest though was when he and Shelby shared a toilet. Shelby had taught herself how to pee standing up like a guy, which kind of freaked him out, but he supposed it DID make situations like that a little easier.

He knew that doing this with Nova would feel MUCH stranger than any of those experiences had. She was a girl. And, yeah, so was Shelby, but that was different. Shelby could go standing up, which Emmett doubted Nova could. And, Shelby was just his sister. His twin sister. They’d seen each other naked from time to time growing up, and Emmett of course felt no physical attraction towards her. The same couldn’t be said for Nova; He’d never seen those areas of her body before, and he was very, VERY attracted to her.

He was able to get a clear image of his head of how exactly they could use the toilet together. Nova would be sitting right in front of him, her underwear down, her nightgown pulled up, her legs spread apart… And he’d have his dick out. And he’d have to be LOOKING right between her legs in order to aim it properly, and—

Hsss—!

His bladder squeezed in on itself, rejecting yet another tiny spurt of its burden. Emmett’s brain may not have been totally on board with this idea, but his bladder had definitely made up ITS mind already. “… Okay,” he said, and when his voice popped he wasn’t sure if it was from the heinous pressure inside or from the nerves. “Let’s, um… Let’s do that.”

Nova was relieved to hear him agree, but not nearly as relieved as she was about to be. They went into the restroom and Nova groaned at the sight of the toilet. She started to pull up her nightgown and hook her fingers around her underpants, then she stopped. A bead of urine rolled down her legs, but her hands were frozen in place. It had only just now really hit her what she was about to do.

She’d known for a long time that, one day, she would be showing her whole body to Emmett. There was no one else she’d ever want to give her virginity to, and she’d daydreamed about what that would be like many, many times. She was excited for it, and she knew he was as well, but neither of them felt quite ready for it just yet. And, she knew that this was definitely not about to turn into THAT so it wasn’t like she was rushing into something before the right time had come, but still… Even if she knew that both of them would be keeping their hands to themselves, this felt like a new step.

Emmett saw her hesitate and knew what she must have been feeling. He was more than a little apprehensive about whipping it out in front of her right now himself. And, she’d have to expose even more. He couldn’t stop trembling, both from the anxiety at the new and unfamiliar situation and from the intense crushing weight of his full bladder. He was leaking every few seconds now, his bladder crying with need. He didn’t dare say anything about how much he needed to go, however, fearing that the words “I can’t hold it!” that were caught in the back of his throat would end up sounding like he was pressuring her to do something that she wasn’t actually ready to do.

Emmett bit back the whining plea for relief, and instead managed “You don’t have to do this. You can go first. I’ll wait outside.” Another jet of liquid pulsed out at his words, his bladder disagreeing with him but his brain and heart knowing that there were some things more important than his need to urinate.

Nova’s heart started to slow down a little. It was still thrumming loudly in time with the pulsing quakes inside her bladder, but his words were soothing to her. They reminded her that he cared for her, respected her, and would never use this as an excuse to pressure her into something that she didn’t want. “I…” she winced at another gush of lost liquid. “I don’t mind. I trust you,” she said, quickly lowering her underwear, lifting the lid on the toilet and throwing herself down onto it.

Once there, a little spurt of liquid splashed into the bowl below her, but with a cringing moan she made it stop, her legs pressing together. “Hurry!” she begged.

Emmett, who had one hand pressed into his crotch and the other hesitating at the waistband of his pants, fought down his wary shyness and finally lowered them, not wanting her to restrain her body one second longer on his behalf. ‘If she’s willing to… show herself like that, you can do it too,’ he thought. He stumbled closer to the toilet and realized Nova’s legs were squeezing together, giving him nowhere to aim his stream. A small, pale yellow droplet had collected on his tip and he begged it not to fall onto her legs. “I’m ready,” he said. Good God, was his bladder ready…

Blushing, but eager for relief, Nova parted her legs as much as she could, hoping it gave Emmett enough room to release his bladder. As soon as her legs had separated, her own bladder collapsed in on itself and a gush of liquid began to splatter and pulse below her. “Ahhh….” she blushed as a sigh fell from her lips.

Several drops fell from Emmett’s cock, but it took him a few seconds to work himself up to an actual stream. Instinct was yelling at him not to look at the area between Nova’s legs, to not stare at the delicate folds there, to give her privacy as her urine poured out of her body. But, rationally he knew that his bladder was going to burst at any second, and when it did he needed his eyes open and alert. Looking at Nova’s body when she’d already given him permission to do so was obviously a lot better than accidentally peeing onto her would be.

His bladder DID burst just a second later, his hesitant dribbling turning into a tsunami of a stream. “Ohhhh…” he moaned out, beginning to shiver a little with relief. The horrid, pinching burn that had been assailing his opening for the past ten minutes faded away as the pressure drained out of him. He wanted to close his eyes and tip his head back as he gave into the pure relaxation that this utter bliss provided him, but the space he was aiming into was a lot narrower than what he was used to and he had to be extra careful not to get any of his urine where he didn’t want it.

Nova felt less embarrassed about the way she couldn’t stop gasping and sighing when she heard her boyfriend moan like that. He couldn’t help vocalizing how wonderful he was feeling, either. She noticed the pink tinge to his face and knew that the same coloration was no doubt spreading across her cheeks as well. She wanted to tell him not to feel embarrassed; She was peeing in front of him too, after all. But, she couldn’t find her voice, all she could do was keep gasping and trying to catch her breath as her pee ferociously hissed away below her.

Emmett was now running into a different kind of problem. He was peeing, and it felt incredible, but he was also looking at his girlfriend’s half-naked body. And that was causing heat to flow all through his own. He felt dangerously close to… Something. Something that would make it very difficult for him to continue urinating, and something that he really, REALLY didn’t want to have happen when his exposed dick was at Nova’s eye-level.

‘Oh, God… Oh, God…’ he thought, panicked. ‘Don’t let THAT happen. Don’t. Please don’t. Think unsexy thoughts. Think unsexy thoughts. Oh… Oh, God… Um, okay; Roadkill possums. And… And, your history teacher. And— The state governor, yeah. Your history teacher licking jam off the governor’s nipples, and—‘

As Emmett continued trying to flood his mind’s eye with thoroughly unappealing images, Nova’s pee finally slowed to a trickle and faded away, leaving nothing but a delightful emptiness and a slight tingling. Except, Emmett still hadn’t finished up, so she had to keep sitting there as he kept gushing away. And now that her bladder had emptied and she no longer had her own relief to focus on, the fact that she was sitting right there and watching Emmett pee was making her feel strange, just as it had they day she’d seen him go in the woods. It made her feel even stranger this time, actually. They were so close together, and that deep blush on his face was so cute, and the way he was shivering and sighing, making it so obvious how good he felt… She knew it was weird, but she couldn’t help it; Emmett was absolutely adorable when he was urinating.

And, her position granted her a spectacular, breathtaking view of the whole process as well. She tried very, very hard not to, but her gaze kept going back to his dick, watching as his stream steadily pulsed from his pee-hole. It was bizarrely mesmerizing. The jet of pee started to slow down eventually, then receded away entirely. For some reason, she was almost disappointed to see it stop, even though he’d just let out an enormous quantity.

Emmett stood there for a second, shifting on his feet. “Er… I… I have to… Shake it off some now,” he said. “And, I don’t want to… I don’t want to get anything on you, you know?” He backed up and allowed her to stand from the toilet before shaking the last few drops from his tip, then he quickly stuffed his cock back inside his pants. “I… Am SO sorry,” he said. “I hope that wasn’t too uncomfortable for you.”

It hadn’t been uncomfortable for Nova. Aside from the initial shyness at exposing her own body parts, which had only lasted for a bit, she hadn’t minded anything about the experience. She felt much better now that she no longer had to pee so badly, and watching as Emmett’s relief soothed over his usually anxious features had been a nice treat. “It was fine,” she said. “You’re okay with it, right?”

Emmett thought about it. It hadn’t been the most comfortable thing he’d ever done, but it hadn’t been awful either. His bladder was nice and empty, and he’d managed to tamp down the involuntary… reactions that he’d been so worried about. Still, he was a little shocked at himself for doing that when, a few months ago at the mall, he’d been too shy to tell Nova he even NEEDED to pee, much less actually DO it in front of her like that. “I… Well, I mean, I feel a lot better, anyway.”

Nova felt a funny smile forming on her lips and knew she was turning red. “You should!” she said. “You had to go VERY bad, didn’t you? I could tell!” she wasn’t sure what the Hell she was doing, why some part of her wanted to tease him so badly and see him blush. Why some part of her wanted him to talk to her more about this, tell her all about just how much he’d needed to go. Why some part of her really, REALLY wanted to ask him to recount stories to her about other times he’d been desperate to empty his bladder.

“…Yeah,” he said softly. “I… I did, I guess…”

Trying to sound as casual as possible, she asked “Was that the worst you’ve ever had to go? I— I mean, it looked like it was hurting you a bit…”

“No,” Emmett said, blushing. Definitely not the worst. “The day of that field trip was REALLY bad. And, you heard what happened that day we had to take those tests.”

Nova HAD heard. She was glad she hadn’t seen it. She didn’t like seeing Emmett cry and get so upset. She especially didn’t like seeing someone be cruel to him. She liked seeing him feel good. “Is it weird that I think you look cute when you’re…”

“When I’m what?”

“When you’re… Going,” Nova said.

Emmett was blushing more now. “You… Really think I’m cute when I’m peeing? I always thought you were just saying that to make me feel less gross.”

“No,” Nova shook her head. “I mean it, you look… I don’t even know what to call it. It’s adorable.”

“When I’m… Peeing,” Emmett said.

“Yes,” Nova said. “I know, it’s weird. I don’t even know why I like it so much. I think it’s mostly because of how relaxed you get, or something. And, you’re cute when you NEED to go, too. All the squirming, and your eyes get super big and wide, and… I don’t know why it’s so cute, it just… Is.”

Emmett didn’t say anything for a while, and Nova worried that she’d upset him, that he was disgusted that she felt this way. Finally, he said; “…Okay. Now, I’m not like… Upset. Or freaked out now. Or… Anything like that. I can’t say I understand it, but it’s… It’s fine with me if you… I guess, like to watch me pee?”

Nova looked down. “I don’t understand it either,” she said. “And, don’t say it like that. That makes me feel like a pervert.”

“Sorry…” Emmett said. “I didn’t mean it like that.”

“I know you didn’t…”

Emmett sighed, “I guess… I guess a part of me is kind of relieved?” He winced at his own word choice, considering the topic at hand. “I was always so embarrassed to tell you when I had to go, and I thought for sure I’d gross you out if I ever had to do it in front of you for some reason. But… I mean, if you LIKE it, then I don’t have to worry anymore, right?”

“Right,” Nova said. “Thank you for not being mad, or thinking I’m disgusting.”

“I could never think you’re disgusting,” Emmett said. “I’m not going to lie and say I don’t think this is… weird, but it’s okay. I don’t mind it.”

“Thank you,” Nova repeated. “And thank you for not… For not trying to ‘push’ for anything when we had to take some of our clothes off like that.”

“I promise, I won’t ever do something like that if you don’t want to,” Emmett said. “I’m not even ready for that yet myself.”

She felt better hearing him say that. She knew sometimes one person got impatient if their partner didn’t feel up to advancing their relationship quickly enough. But, Emmett recognized that neither one of them was ready for that step yet. It made her more certain that, once it finally came, their first time would be something very special.

