Alice through the Looking-Glass - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: SomeGirl

*000*2017-09-19 14:38

This is a continuation of the story Alice in Wetting-Land, which is on another topic. It will probably be more cohesive if you read that first. I'm not sure how often I'll be updating, but I'll try to do it regularly. I'm sort of making a lot up as I go, so feel free to suggest ideas. I hope you enjoy it- SomeGirl

Ch.1:Two Little Kitten Girls

Alice lay dazed in her bed, processing what the Queen had explained. Just when she was getting used to Wonderland, she was pulled into another world. Or whatever this place was. She stared at the creamy walls of the bedroom assigned to her. The furnishings were painted white with black trim, including the 4-posted bed she reclined on. The powder blue duvet matched the abundant pillows. Alice lay back, racking her brain for the appropriate thing to be doing. A loud clamoring in the hallway suddenly jolted Alice out of her daze. Pulling herself off the bed, she went to see what was happening.

Outside her door, Alice saw two young girls in a flurry of movement and cotton string. She was able to pick out a pair of white cat ears, and a pair of black cat ears, along with matching tails. The dark-eared kitten was tangled in some red cotton yarn, and urging the light-eared one to untangle her. The light-eared girl was trying, but the bouncing and squirming of the other was creating two knots for every one she undid. Alice cleared her throat, prepared to offer to help. Two sets of eyes lifted towards her, but before anything could be said, the dark-eared girl’s eyes widened in horror. All was silent as urine started to spill onto the girl's legs.

Sighing in frustration, the dark-eared girl admitted defeat, and allowed her bladder it's long overdue rest. Relaxing her muscles, she listened to her pee dripping from her legs to the floor. She had been traveling to Looking Glass Land all day, and there had been no rest stops for at least 6 hours. She had expected to have an accident on the ride, but had managed to hold it long enough to get through the mirror. She had been dashing for a bathroom, when she had somehow gotten tangled in the yarn she had brought along. Her friend had tried to untangle her, but there was only so much she could take. As her bladder finally emptied, she sighed in disappointment and relief. She turned her attention back to the older girl who had witnessed her loss of control.

“Sorry about that.” the dark-eared girl muttered “...I’m Onex by the way.” The girl was in her early-mid teens, with black hair, and pear green eyes. She was dressed in a dark blue school uniform, with a blazer, pleated skirt, and bow at her collar.

“I’m Alice. Nice to meet you.” the atmosphere wasn’t getting any less awkward. The other girl spoke up.

“My name is Snowdrop. Hi.” said the light-eared girl, trying to make it more comfortable. She was the same age as her companion, with bright white hair and charcoal grey eyes. She was also in a school uniform, but pale pink and lavender, with a longer skirt and sailor-collar.

“...So, I guess we’ll all be spending more time together, seeing as how we’re in the Looking Glass training together.” said Onex.

*003*2017-11-03 16:04

Sorry I didn't post something sooner, but I may be pretty sporadic about when I can post more. School started, so I have more to do. Thank you for understanding.

*005*2018-01-15 21:31

Ch.2: Of Course that’s How it is..

A sudden jet of air along the back of her neck made Alice jump. Misty had materialized behind her, although she had no idea when. As Alice waited for her heart beat to slow down, Misty delivered a message.

“Everyone needs to gather in the garden. They know how to defeat WildCard…” Misty fidgeted with her fluffy magenta tail. The couple walked to the front door.

“Are you ok?” Alice asked, only receiving a shrug in response. Alice remembered that Misty had told her about her father’s assassination at the hands of WildCard. Unsure what to say, she slid her hand into that of the other girl. Misty still seemed troubled, but the attempt to comfort her helped.

The sun soaked garden was occupied not only by their group, but a crowd of strangers. Queen Valentine walked to the makeshift podium, and cleared her throat. The crowd quieted down, taken in by the charismatic Queen’s stage presence.

“Thank you for assembling so quickly. For those unaware, I am the Queen of Wonderland, also known as the Kingdom of hearts.” Valentine smiled courteously before continuing

“The experts among us have determined what we must do.” she paused dramatically, a habit created by decades of public speaking.

“Within the Looking Glass there are 12 jewels that must be brought together. Each stone is held by a guardian, who must be convinced to give it up willingly.” Valentine gestured to a royal aide, who started to hand out pamphlets.

“Information about the individual jewels is in the pamphlets you receive. Please review the information and be prepared to meet again soon.” She finished.

“That's Auntie Valentine for you, always so efficient..” she muttered. Alice nodded, as she scanned the front of the pamphlet.

“Different groups will be formed for each jewel...Assignments will be announced soon” Alice muttered as she read. Her concentration was broken by a irksome prick in her bladder.

“I’m going to find a restroom, want to come?” Alice asked as she stood, glancing around for a nearby bathroom.

“Alice, I’m surprised no one told you, there are very few toilets in Looking Glass Land. It has something to do with accessing the golden stream of wisdom.” Misty explained. Her tail twitched uncertainty, unsure how to reconcile her excitement and consideration for her girlfriend.

“...Of course that's how it is.” she huffed, before gesturing Misty towards a maze of hedges.

Alice unbuckled her belt, and sequered her jeans and underwear beneath her knees. She wasn’t very desperate, but could see no point in delaying the inevitable. She had become used to accepting things that made little sense in her world. Squatting down, Alice relaxed her inner muscles and released a gentle stream of urine into the lush lawn beneath her. Glancing at her girlfriend, she observed Misty’s fascination. Cat ears twitched at the faint lapping sound of pee flowing onto grass. Alice felt a slight pang of regret as her stream dwindled, almost wishing she had held it longer if Misty was going to be around. The brief pee reached its conclusion, and Alice wiped with a leaf before replacing her pants.

“Next time, I think I’ll wait longer to go.” she offered, gaze averted. She didn’t have to look to see how excited Misty was.

“I can’t...wait…” Misty trailed off. Alice glanced up at the other girl’s curious face. Following her gaze, Alice noticed a line of young ladies looking frantic by the far hedge. Exchanging a look, the couple went to go check on the group.

Ch.3: Flower Children

Misty and Alice took in the group as they walked toward them. There were four girls with vividly colored hair.

“I think they're from the Republic of Flowers.” Misty commented “That would make them flower children.” she noticed her girlfriends confusion ”It’s like how I’m a cat-girl, but for flowers.” Misty explained as they reached the group.

The ladies stood single file in front of a garden shed. The procession looked up at the sound of approaching footsteps. The panic was obvious on their faces.

“D-Do you have the key..” The tall girl in front managed to say. Her long cornflower-blue hair tumbled into her face as she leaned forward, gripping firmly between her legs.

“What key?” Alice asked, taking in the other desperate girls.

Behind the first girl, a short girl with bright orange curls was hunched into a squatting position, her hands anxiously twisting her ruffled skirt around her fingers.

Next was a girl with hot pink feathered hair arranged to show off a attractive beauty mark on her cheek. She had her arms crossed over her chest, her long legs coiled tightly together.

The girl at the end had ruby colored hair and freckles, and appeared to be the most desperate. She couldn’t seem to settle on a methode to make holding easier, alternating between grasping at her crotch, twisting her legs together, and bending forward. Regardless of which position she took, she danced in desperation.

“The key to the shed, Ah, er need it…” the first girl answered.

“Is there a bathroom in there?” asked Alice. The girl shook her head.

“No, but-Uhh-it's the closest privet spot...I’m Iris.” she explained through gritted teeth “These are Marigold, Delilah, and Tulip.” Iris gestered down the line with each name.

“Oh, well, the hedges provide decent cover. It’s probably faster than waiting…” Alice advised.

Marigold looked across the garden, judging the distance. Her face twisted in frustration as she turned back to Alice.

“But, uh, we can’t move.” she fidgeted even more, skirt rustling from her squat position.

The quartet had used bathrooms shortly before traveling through the looking glass, but still had found themselves crossing their legs during Queen Valentine’s speech. They had been quickly given up searching for a toilet, and decided to squat in a isolated garden shed for cover instead. By the time they found out the door was locked, their bladders wouldn’t withstand much movement. They then had to resort to hoping someone with a key would need gardening supplies soon. That was how the two other girls had found them.

Tulip’s legs were trembling, causing the pee to slosh against the walls of her bladder. A narrow stream of urine urged its way down, trickling down to her ankle. The floodgates opened as her legs bucked, sending her tumbling to the grass. Her entire body relaxed as she released her pee. She was vaguely aware of her friends losing control around her. Glancing from side to side, she saw six golden streams rush onto the grass around her. The noisy streams sent tiny spatters flying on her skin. As her discomfort lessen, she Alice stare, and turned to face the startled looking girl. Following her gaze, Tulip’s eyes landed on her now soaked panties. The red-striped fabric had become nearly completely see through, showcasing both a bulge and a opening where water poured out. Although she was still peeing, she had recovered enough to speke.

“What’s wrong” Tulip asked, replacing her skirt.

“Nothings wrong...I was just surprised.” Alice said looking slightly dazed.

“You’ve never met a flower child before?” asked Tulip. Alice shook her head. It made sense in the weird ‘wonderland’ way Alice had grown accustomed to. Flowers had both sets of reproductive organs.

*007*2018-02-13 01:29

Ch.4: Garden Bed Wetting

Misty was annoyingly waving her fingers in front of Alice’s face, clearly under the impression that the shock of seeing a hermaphrodite for the first time had sent her into a state of shock. It hadn’t, Alice just didn’t know what to say at the moment. Brushing the black-manicured hand away, Alice turned to Misty for ideas.

Remembering her authorities as a Princess, Misty rushed to help the girls stand up. Alice followed her lead. Although the girls had wet themselves, they all seemed to be in excellent spirits, expressions of relieved contentment on each of their faces.

“Well, we’re fine now.” smiled Tulip when Alice asked. “We don’t have to pee anymore”

Marigold suddenly gasped in realization. “We're late! Mother Willow expected us for tea 15 minutes ago!” she turned to Misty and Alice “You two should come, we can get to know each other more.” she smiled sweetly.

Alice and Misty agreed, and the group of six set off down a path winding through the gardens. The walk led the group to a large greenhouse nestled between the branches of a narrow stream. As the girls walked in, Alice and Misty were greeted with the scent of the jasmin that hung along the window panes like curtains. The greenhouse had been converted into a residence with no interior walls, each room designated through the decor. Each girl occupy one of the corners, with an additional bed in the center of the building. The group shifted into a dining area/kitchen and sat down just as a new woman carried a tea tray in.

The woman was notably older than the other girls, in her late 30s. The woman’s abundant chest was contained within a ivory peasant-blouse, with her lower body obscured by a matching ankle-length skirt. Her long green hair was arranged into dozens of small braids, and the braids were pulled into a low bun.

“Hello, sorry for the wait.” she cooed “I wasn’t expecting guests and had to prepare treats.”

“Oh, no. It's our fault for not warning you. You didn’t have to make us anything.” Alice hurriedly assured. It was alway so embarrassing when you unintentionally made someone go out of their way on your behalf.

“Don’t worry, my wards are always doing this” she brushed of Marigold’s objections “so I have some treats on stand by.” she started distributing the contents of her tray “My name is Mother Willow. Welcome to my home.”

Misty eagerly reached for her cup. She hadn’t peed since lunch, but had yet to feel any actual desperation. She quickly finished her cup, and accepted a refill. As she drank the second cup and requested a third, she turned her attention to Alice’s conversation with their hosts.

“Would anyone else like one of the tarts, they are really delicious.” Alice offered when she saw that only she and Misty had eaten any.

“Oh, you really don’t know anything about flower children, do you.” Delilah noted “Well to start, we don’t eat food, only drink liquids and soak up sunlight. Mother Willow just keeps tarts for guests”

“That’s kind of why we wet ourselves earlier. We need a lot of fluid to live, so we have to pee like 10 times a day, and 3 at night.” Marigolde complained

“That reminds me, if either of you need to pee, please help yourself to our beds.” Mother Willow injected.

“Your Beds...?” Alice repeated in confusion.

“Oh. Flower children sleep in flower beds.” Iris explained

Misty’s ears had perked up. The opportunity to wet was intriguing. She could feel her bladder trembling around the fifth cup of tea. Misty crossed her legs and poured one more glass.

“Being hermaphrodites lets us pee with two streams, though it’s really hard to only pee through one. Our bladders are bigger, but only slightly” Iris was explaining the finer points of flower child physiology to Alice.

Misty could feel the urgency grow rapidly above her tightly closed thighs. She excused herself from the table, and staggered over to the nearest bed. Although a trellis of honeysuckle partly obscured the sight of the catgirl, the sounds would be heard through the building. A ‘flower bed’ was actually a bed frame with a raised edge packed tightly with soil. As Misty eased herself onto the hard, cold surface, she wondered how flower children could sleep on something so uncomfortable.

Table conversation had resumed, and Misty could vaguely hear it over her excited panting. Feeling the ache in her bladder push further downward, Misty opened her legs slightly. Instantly, warm urine gushed against her panties and black shorts. Misty’s vision blurred as she was overwhelmed by bliss. The warmth started to creep along the fabric to the tops of her thighs, simultaneously collecting in the soil beneath her. Her skinny frame spasmed, sending droplets splattering onto the terracotta tile floor. A languid smile spread across the cat-girl’s features as she finished peeing.

Alice could see her girlfriend was in a dreamy stupor, in no state to navigate the situation on her own. Wrapping up the conversation and bidding farewell, Alice went to attend to Misty. Alice blushed at Misty’s appearance: her legs were had gained a gentle luster, especially in the light of the green house. Her wet shorts hung lower, revealing an enticing view of her hip bones. Alice guided Misty’s arm around her shoulders and wrapped her own arm around the girls waist. Alice was surprised to find herself exited by the scent of Misty’s urine.

The two girls stood up and stumbled to the door. Eventually, they fell into a rhythm and made their way to their house. Not knowing where Misty’s room was, Alice led the still-dazed girl to her own. By the time they got there, Misty was somewhat aware. Alice flopped on the bed, worn out from hauling Misy around.

“You can use the shower in the hall if you want…” Alice painted “feel free to borrow my towles”.

“Does that mean I can sleep here?” Misty asked, receiving a incoherent mutter in response. “I’m taking that as a yes…” she singsonged as she stepped into the hallway. Alice smiled sleepilly.

*009*2018-02-18 19:38

Ch.5

It was just before dawn when Alice woke up, having slept poorly the night before. Her first thought was ‘I have to pee’, followed by ‘When did Misty clibe into be with me?’. Getting out of bed, Alice remembered that there were no bathrooms in the house. Her bladder gave a faint cry of protest as she pondered the issue, although Alice didn’t have to go too badly. Yet.

‘Maybe I’ll try the garden…’ Alice thought as she walked to the door. Before she could open it, she spied a red envelope that had been slipped under the crack. Picking it up, Alice saw four royal seals crowded along the seal. Deciding that this took priority over her not-really-that-full-yet bladder, Alice sat down on the bed and switched on the lamp. Misty slowly started to wake up as Alice started reading.

Dear Miss Alice Louise

Although we apologize for the lack of notice, your services are formally requested in relation to the fist quest. You will be a member of a party of 12 people on an expedition to the Library of Souls, in Ice Meadow. Please be prepared to leave within 2 days time, at sunrise, and stay for ½ -2 weeks. Further details are provided on the back of this letter.

Thank you for your cooperation,

Along with Queen Valentin, several other ornate signatures filled the lower half of the paper. Crossing her legs to relieve the now-moderat pressure against her bladder, Alice turned the page over. A quick scan of the text confirmed that most of the information had little meaning to her, although she recognized 3 names in addition to her own on the page; Mary Ann, Blanch, and Rosette.

Turning to Misty she confirmed that the cat-girl was now awake. Misty’s eyes were wide with excitement, focused on Alice’s legs as she crossed them again. Alice was starting to regret not making a plan for how to relieve this desperation when she had the chance, as she had at some point reached a state where she couldn’t focus on finding a place to pee.

“Um, where do people usually pee, if there are no bathrooms around?” Alice squeaked.

“Well, there are a few ways people deal with it…” Misty awncered distractedly “Various parts of the world have different things instead of toilets. Generally, the environment will absorb most of the mess, so that's nice.” Misty remembered why Alice needed to know “ This house has a few rooms that fill that need, I can show you where they are.”

Alice nodded and cautiously stood up. With her legs uncrossed, she had to clutch herself to avoid wetting herself. She must have taken off her jeans in her sleep, because she was now only in her crumpled shirt, underwear, and socks. Her shirt was long enough, so she didn’t bother putting her pants back on. Misty must have stopped at her room after showering, because she was wearing violet plaid pajama shorts and a tank top. The two girls were the only people up when they walked into the hallway. Alice really had to go, and pressed harder to keep the pee inside. Each step was more difficult than the last. Although it was a short walk, it felt painfully long.

Luckily, Misty led Alice only a few yards, before stopping to open a door to an empty room covered with tiles. Alice rushed forward, virtually falling through the doorway and landing on her hands and knees. The room filled with Alice’s heavy breathing as she roughly yanked down her panties, leaving them dangling on her knees.

With immense relief, Alice started to pee. She couldn’t help but groan in bliss as her inner muscles went slack and a rapid jet of urine rushed out of her bladder. In addition to her sighs of gratification, Alice could hear the conspicuous hissing of her stream, and the splashing of liquid on tile. In this position, Alice felt erent tails of urine stream down her thighs, and the flow felt stronger than it usually did. As her bladder finished emptying, she realized how embarrassing the position was: ass in the air, on her hands and knees. Turning around Alice saw Misty in similarly compromising position.

Misty had thrown her shorts and panties to the corner of the room, and had a hand between her legs as she peed. The pee ebbed and flowed as Misty moved her hand, lettering across the tiles. Alice could do nothing but stare as Misty finished.

Once both girls had caught their breath, they mopped up their pee with some towles stationed conveniently around the room. Alice cleared her throat,

“The letter I was reading, it said I have to leave for a while.” Alice explained “I’ll let you see it latter, but there's something I think we should talk about...”

“What?” Misty asked nervously

“Um, I’m not super comfortable talking about this, but, um, how does this pee-thing work with infidelity?” Alice nervously fidgeting with the pee filled towel.

“Oh, Well, it varies…” Misty said not wanting to be the one to first encourage non-exclusivity for the fetish.

There was an awkward silence, then Alice spoke “Well, I’m fine with whatever, but I personally don’t usually find pee that exciting unless it's my own, or yours.”Alice blushed “But I get that you do, and as long as you aren’t touching anyone else, I think I’ll be fine with it.” Alice suddenly looked up “Just don’t go back to doing those weird schemes again.”

“Oh yeah, those.” Misty commented “That's fine, I stopped doing that once I met you” the cat-girl smiled.

Relieved to have that conversation over with, Alice followed Mity to a swirling basin of clear water. They dropped their towels in, and watched them swirl around for a moment, before Misty pulled them back out and hung them on a drying rack.

“The water flows right down to the garden, preserving the energy of the Divine Stream of Wisdom without leaving a mess.” the Princess explained. Smiling, they parted as Alice went to pack for her trip.

*011*2018-05-11 17:36

This is a bit embarrassing, but I think I'm going to be starting over on my fanfic of Alice through the Looking glass. I think I made the story a bit tp complex to handle and still enjoy, so I'm just going to start over. I hope people like the new version too.

*015*2018-05-17 20:34

Thank you all so much for being so understanding. I'll probably just keep posting the new story here, but I'll be sure to mention if I start a separate board. Most of the events in the first story happened, excluding the final chapter. I'm really looking forward to writing. Thanks again for the support-SomeGirl.

Alice through the Bathroom Mirror

Chapter 1:

Alice’s brow furrowed slightly in concentration, as she tried to focus on neatly winding the woolen yarn into a ball. The focase helped her ignore her uncomfortable position on the floor. Alice was hunched over the hardwood, only a thin pillow cushioning her knees, because the house she was in had no furnishings. Blanche had brought her, Mary Ann, and Rosette along with her to her new residence, The Cottontail Manor. The mansion had fallen into disrepair over the past 20 years, and Blanch had decided to restore it.

Blanche seemed very dedicated to fixing the house, and it already looked far better than the empty building they saw when they first arrived. The dust had been so thick, Mary Ann had sent for two additional maids to help with the restoration.

The two new maids kitten-girls were sisters; Snowdrop, 17; and Onyx, 16. Snowdrop was currently polishing through the old silverware they had found in the attic. Her quite, meticulous nature was well suited for the task. As for her sister, she was sorting through the other boxes they had found. Alice was brought out of her focase by a noisy clamor at the doorway.

Onyx tumbled into the room holding a noisily rattling stack of ornate boxes.

“Alice, I found something that might help you with the yarn!” Onyx exclaimed as she kneeled down and started opening boxes.

“Here are some pretty thimbles, and some buttons, and some needles, and I’m not sure what these are, but we have them…” the breathless kitten listed, accidentally overturning a box of thimbles with her gesticulations.

“These are very nice, but why would they help me wind yarn?” Alice inquire politely.

“They're sewing stuff, so I thought….” she trailed off “...Maybe if you use one like this…” she continued, grabbing the yarn Alice had been winding and trying to string it through a needle.

“I don’t think that’s necessary.” Alice commented, turning to put the scattered thimbles back into their box. “Thank you for trying, but-” Alice stopped short.

In the 15 secondes Alice had been turned away, Onyx had not only unwound the yarn entirely, but somehow had tangled her entire body in it. Alice was almost impressed with how thoroughly the other girl had bound herself on accident.

“I can’t get out” Onyx stated simply. Alice sighed and started to untangle her.

The knots were surprisingly complex, requiring Alice’s undivided attention. This was made more difficult by Onyx’s squirming.

“Umm, Alice…’ Onyx murmemered “I’m sorry, but could you please just cut them, I think there are some scissors in one of the boxes, I really, really need to get out.” Onyx squeaked.

Alice understood Onyx’s needs and went to retrieve the scissors.

“Sorry about this, but I really need the bathroom.” Onyx babbled nervously “ Snowdrop was hogging the toilet all morning, and I kept forgetting all afternoon.”

Onyx had woken up late that morning, to find the bathroom occupied. She had planned to go after getting dressed, then after breakfast, but her sister kept visiting their shared bathroom first.

Snowdrop was an indoor cat, so the previous days trip to the market had left her parched for hours. She had watched the white-eared girl pour four tall glasses of lemonade, seven glasses of water, and three cups of tea down her through the previous evening, so it made sense that she would be peeing at least once an hour.

Onyx hadn’t drank more than usual, so she had let her sister go first. Her mistake had been forgetting to go next. Even once they were in different parts of the house, she kept getting distracted by her work. She was very prone to making silly bets with herself, and had decided not to budge until she had finished sorting. That was why she had been so eager to bring the sewing stuff to Alice, as she could take a pee-break on the walk back to her work.

Right now though, she was painfully aware of her mistake. Her bladder was filled to the brim. Alice finally (it had actually only been 50 secondes) returned with the fabric sheers, and started cutting her legs free. Alice was careful not to nick the younger girl, but the tinny shocks from the cold metal against her thighs had Onyx fighting to keep her hold her pee. The promise of pending relife teased Onyx agonizingly. It was suddenly too much, and a jet of pee snuck out. Onyx took a second to realize why she felt so much better, but managed to stop the flow quickly. She had left only a tiny puddle on the floor.

Alice noticed her loss of control, and let go of her still bound hands.

“Ok, let’s just go to the bathroom now, I’ll help you after” she explained as she helped Onyx stand. Onyx miraculously managed to hold her pee while standing, and nodded eagerly.

The young girl bit her lip and pressed her thighs together tightly, as she briskly shuffled to the closest bathroom.

The bathroom had two sections, an outer room with a tub and sink, and a inner room with a toilet. Alice helped the other girl straddle the toilet, so she was hovering above it with a leg braced on either side. Then, with great care, Alice reached under the maids uniform and quickly pulled Onyx’s panties down and out of the way.

Onyx started peeing so quickly, a splash hit her underwear as they were being removed. Her face relaxed into an expression of bliss as her pee was finally allowed out. After six seconds of continuous urination, Alice awkwardly excused herself to the outer room, closing the door behind her.

Even through the door, Alice could hear the splashing of pee hitting the toilet. Now that she thought of it, she kind of had to go to. In fact, she really wanted to pee. The more she thought about it, the worse she wanted to do it. ‘How long can one girl pee?’ Alice thought, shifting her weight from foot to foot. Her bladder wasn’t even full, but the she couldn’t help but want to relive herself. As her fixaion on her bladder contiued, she lifted herself onto the counter to wait. Leaning against the bathroom mirror, she tried to think or something else.

Suddenly Alice felt herself fall backwards. Before she could respond, her vision was filled with a gossamer fog. As the vision cleared, she found herself in the same bathroom, but all the furniture was reversed. Alice was so disoriented she forgot that she had wanted to pee, and stepped out into the hallway.

Dealer asked me which version of Alice I was basing my story on, so I wanted to mention I was using the original book as the main template (although I mostly use a spark notes summery).

*017*2018-06-06 00:13

This chapter has a lot of exposition in it, so if you only want to read the omo part, skip about a third of the way down. Thank you for reading -SomeGirl

Chapter 2:

The hall Alice walked through seemed similar to the Cottontail Manor, but the reversal of building gave it an uncanny creepiness. Alice called out, but the entire house seems empty. Rapidly growing tired of the eerie atmosphere, Alice briskly walked to the front door. The door opened to show an expansive patchwork of green lawn and amazing gardens. Wonderstruck, Alice instinctively walked forward, allowing the door to close behind her.

As the sense of enchantment faded, Alice noticed a large crowd to the side of the house.

‘Maybe they can tell me how to get home.’ Alice through, walking towards them ‘I’ve only recently become comfortable in Wonderland, I really want to get back soon’

As she enterd of the crowd, Alice realized that there was a man addressing the group.

“...And as such, there has been an additional component added to the upcoming battle.” he revealed with a dramatic twirl of his hand. “The one who vanquishes the Jabberwocky shall receive the highest honors, and be granted a seat of authority in the court of their homeland.”

Alice heard a murmur of excitement around her. Looking around, she noted that the everyone in the crowd was wearing either white or red garments, often in the form of armor.

“And now, the moment we've all been waiting for…” he paused for drama “we declare the game to be open. Please drink your elixir and go forward.”

At that remark, everyone surrounding Alice scrambled to a large fountain across from the stage. Alice was carried with the crowd and wound up dazed on the edge of the mass.

As she caught her breath, she noticed a girl who seemed out of place.

The girl was around her age, and tall, with a willowy build. Her skin was pale and smooth as marble, and her hair was even whiter. She noticed Alice’s gaze, and turned, revealing her opal-like eyes, framed with thick lashes. She was wearing a multi-layered white linen gown that fell to the floor, covering everything but her hands and face. Her long, wavy hair was loosely pulled back with a small pearl tiara.

The monochromatic girl waved Alice to her side, and Alice found herself obliging.

“With which side does your allegiance lie?” the girl asked

“I don’t know what you mean.” Alice said distraughtly “I’ve somehow come from another dimension, and I just want to get back.”

The other girl was remarkably nonplussed “I..see. I suppose I must introduce myself then. I am Princess Lily, heiress to the white kingdom. We are currently at the edge of my territories, so I welcome you to my homeland. I expect you shall obey our rules for your stay.”

The crowd had thinned considerably, and Alice followed Lily to the fountain. Although it looked like water, the strong floral fragrance was of something else entirely.

“I don’t know what the rules are” Alice sighed as Lily gathered two tall glasses from a tray nearby. “I just want to go back to wonderland”

“Wonderland, hmm… I believe that there is a portal to such a world in the Queens Hall” Lily recaled.

Noticing Alice’s excitement, she elaborated “The Queens Hall is only accessible when a new queen is crowned, which is only possible when someone progresses to the far end of the opposite territory. Even when the hall is opened, You wouldn’t automatically be called to attend, so it might not work to just wait.”

Alice wordlessly accepted this as an inarguable truth, having learned better than to question it.

Lily continued “The best way to guarantee access, would be to enter the game, and become a queen.” Lily declared “All you must do to participate is drink a glass of elixir from this fountain.”

Alice was determined to return to her friends, and filled her glass. Not giving herself time to think, she downed the glass in one go. The liquid was actually quite pleasant, with a mild sweetness and strong floral notes. As she lowered her glass, noticing Lily was daintily sipping her own, Alice noticed a strange floaty feeling overtaking her body.

“I’ve heard this happen the first time you try the elixir.” murmured Lily, as she staggered to a nearby bench. Alice joined her in getting her bearings.

“So this is the first time you’ve taken part in…” Alice trailed off

“The Grand Game, and yes, it is my first attempt at becoming queen.” Lily explained. At that moment a strange expression flitted across her face.

Alice was about to ask what was wrong, when she felt her own brow furrow. The strange sensation had suddenly shifted through her body, and settled in her already-half-full bladder. Glancing at Lily, she could detect similar reaction.

“Um, Lily, did we just drink a diuretic?” Alice gestured to the now empty glasses

Lily was sitting with her thighs firmly pressed together, staring down at her knees with a somber expression. All at once, her head snapped up, meeting Alice’s eyes, and her formerly inflexible features shattered into a look of panic. Although her legs were still locked together, her lower body was now trembling.

“A-Alice. I require your assistance.” Lily whimpered, twisting fistfulls of her white linen skirt restlesly. “I assure you you will be sufficiently rewarded for your service” she added desperately.

Alice glanced around, her older-sister reflexes surfacing, and quickly compiled a list of options.

“Can you make it to the house?” she briefly wondered if that would be considered trespassing, but figured that sovereign rulers had special privileges.

Lily stiffly nodded. Bracing her hands on the side of the bench, she awkwardly hoisted herself to her feet. Lily could feel the troublesome weight of her affliction shift inside her bladder as she moved. Alice was already standing, shifting her weight slightly from foot to foot.

Following Alice, Lily started down the garden path. The walk was short, but it took more time as Lily took slow, even steps the whole way. Strange as it may sound, she was actually unfamiliar with the sensations she was now experiencing. Her mother had always been overprotective, and she had rarely left the restroom-filled palace grounds. Her life had been so dull, she never had much reason to put off using the toilet. So the sudden pressure in her bladder was very jarring for her. She could never remember a time where she had wanted for a private restroom.

This brought a worry to her mind, as she and Alice reached the door. Would it be indecent to relieve herself in the company of another. She hoped this house didn’t have stalls.

Looking up, she noticed Alice was fiddling with the doorknob. Alice swore under her breath, before turning to Lily.

“It’s locked.” she stated simply

Lily couldn’t think of a response.

“We could go look for another bathroom. Or…” Alice trailed off, gesturing towards the garden.

Lily was unclear what she was pointing too, but a sudden cramping in her bladder wiped all other thoughts from her mind. Instinctively, her hands moved help hold back the flood. To her surprise, her hands lessened the desperation she felt.

“Let’s look for another bathroom” Lily said with renewed confidence.

The two girls made there way down the steps and along the path.

Suddenly, Lily’s hands stopped consoling her bladder. The intensity of her need stopped her dead in her tracks.

“Oh, ohh, Alice! I need to use a toilet right now!” Lily demanded

“It’s fine, it’s fine. You can just go in the garden.” Alice commented.

Lily looked around “But there are no bathrooms here. How do I relieve myself here?”

Alice was surprised by this question “Just get your clothes out of the way, squat down, and pee. Also, try to find somewhere others won't see...” she explained.

Lily was still confused, so Alice glanced around. There weren’t really any areas that provide enough cover, so she led Lily to a large trellis covered in wisteria.

“Go behind this and, I’ll stand here to block the view.” Alice offered

Lily eagerly rushed past the trellis. ‘So I just remove my clothes, and squat down?’ she thought as she removed the first of several layers of her skirt.

Alice shifted her weight back and forth impatiently. Why was Lily taking so long. She could still hear the rustling of her skirts, meaning that Lily hadn’t even started peeing yet. Alice had to go too, but she had promised to stay where she was until Lily finished. Alice pressed her thighs together as Lily finally removed the final layer of fabric.

Alice’s bladder throbbed as she heard the conspicuous sound of liquid spouting onto the ground. Lily was had yet to realize how loud her hissing and splashing stream was, and bit her tongue to prevent any groans from escaping. Lily would likely have been self-conscious about how loudly her pee was departing, but she was busy maintaining her balance. She wasn't used to squatting, especially not on uneven ground, and especially with both hands busy holding her skirts out of the way. She wobbled and almost lost her footing as her bladder finally reached blissful emptiness, but managed to stay upright.

Now finished, she pondered the best way to stand up. Her urine had formed quite a large patch of mudd, nearly reaching benthe her shoes. Lily decided to ask an expert opinion.

“Alice, how do I stand back up?” Lily called

“What?” Alice asked, moving behind the trelise to see what the problem was.

“Um, here.” Alice offered her hand. Lily noticed Alice’s other hand had slipped between her own legs as she accepted. But befor Lily could offer to stand by the trellis, Alice released a small sound of frustration, and liquid was suddenly running through the fingers of the hand she used to grasp herself. Lily watched as a dark spot grew across Alice’s jeans. It grew for several seconds for Lily to realize that this was the outcome of not urinating for too long. The stain stopped growing, and Alice closed her eyes in embarrassment. The two girls fell into an awkward silence for a few moments, until Lily broke it.

“As thanks for your service, I will offer you some new clothing, as a token of my thanks” Lily suddenly announced, plastering of a awkward smile. “Please wait in the garden.” Lily finished through her teeth, pointing to a stone gate overgrown with flowering vines. Before Alice could comment, Lily had dashed around a corner, leaving Alice to follow instruction.

*021*2018-07-01 21:11

This section has been broken up into chunks, at the moment I think it will be 3 chapters. The flower-children are about the same as the versions in the previous story I wrote but I found out what types of flowers were in the original story of Alice Through the Looking Glass. Thank you for reading- SomeGirl

Ch.3: Watering Flowers part.1

Alice ducked behind the flowering hedge, and silently sat down at an outdoor table tucked behind several large flower pots. Lowering her head into her arms, she tried to prepare herself for the journey home. “I should really see Celestine about how I keep jumping between worlds. I hope the others aren’t to worried.” Raising her head, she took a deep breath and concentrated on making a plan. “I suppose I shouldn’t plan to far ahead. I can’t rely on my plan holding together in a alternate universe…”

“How long do you intend to sit here with that stupid look on your face?” a haughty voice suddenly snapped from Alice’s side.

Alice jumped, turning her head to see a girl waist deep in a bed of hydrangeas. The girl was tall, and wore a short strapless dress and no shoes. Alice was surprised she hadn’t noticed her immediately, because her hair and dress were both a vivid orange. The stranger huffed impatiently, a sour expression twisting her darkly freckled face.

“I didn’t know anyone elts was here. I’m Alice, sorry” responded the flustered Alice.

“Tiger Lily” the girl introduced impatiently “And you must be a fool not to have noticed 6 other people in the garden.” she huffed.

Alice scanned the area, and sure enough, 5 more girls were scattered around the garden. Each wore a short frock that matched their hair, and had no shoes on. As she met each girls eyes, they waved and greeted her.

Seeing Alice’s lack of response, Tiger Lily spoke up “You clearly have no understanding of what you’ve just intruded on.” she pouted “You have wandered in at an awful time. We should be focusing on our comrades, not a silly girl who doesn't know were she isn’t wanted.”

“No need to be mean, she doesn't seem so bad.” soothed Rose.

“Well, it’s true!” defended Tiger Lily, turning to Alice she said “I hope you don’t expect us to stop working and entertain you.” she glared. Alice shook her head.

“I can explain it, I can explain it!” Daisy chanted, looking to Mother Willow for permission.

Mother Willow was the groups teacher. She was notably older than the other girls, in her late 30s. Her long green hair was arranged into dozens of small braids, and she wore a modest matching wrap skirt with a stiff cream blouse.

“Alright then.” Mother Willow agreed “Everyone, please choose a section of the garden.” she directed the group.

Daisy was out of her seat in a flash, and bounded to a part of the garden consisting of a flower-bed and several flower pots, both overflowing with herbs. Daisy was pettiet with light pink hair pulled into a small, bouncy ponytail. Her pale green eyes blinked beneath her large glasses, and she wore a yellow and white frock with a sailors collar. All Daisy’s classmates left the table too, and stood by a different section of the garden.

Daisy reached beneath her dress as she positioned herself so she was both squatting over a bed of basil and lovage, and standing in front of a large flower pot of mint. With her skirt now held out of the way, a cool breeze brushed against her genitals. She heard Alice gasp for some reason, but the pressure flowing towards her vaginal opening and down her penis was too great to care. She had been preparing for the event all morning, drinking cup after cup of specially brewed tea, and now her ‘test-anxiety’ had it all pressing against her urethras. She had probably drank more than everyone but Rose and Larkspur, about 7 liters in total. The closest thing to a pee break she had allowed herself was a single bi-hourly spurt she had released once they got to the garden 4 hours ago. Reviewing her stance one last time, she braced her legs, positioned her penis and relaxed her nether muscles.

Two strong jets of urine immediately rushed out. Daisy couldn’t let herself get distracted by relife, she had to remember to aim into the mint leaves. Even using both streams wasn’t leastining the pressure noticeably, she still felt full. The sound of her own stream hissing onto the leaves combined with the sounds of her classmates relieving themselves. Daisy finally started to feel the relief, rather than just hearing it, as the stream gradually became less forceful. She pushed her glasses back into place, and glanced at her friends. Daisy hadn’t expected Violet to do particularly well, and her concerense were now proven to be justified. As her felt the last spurts leave her bladder, she shouted corrections at her underachieving classmate.

Violet huffed as she gave into her pushy friends ‘helpful hints’ and dragged herself into a standing position. Violet had just sat down, and now she had to stop mid-stream. But it wasn’t really worth putting up with Daisy’s griping.

Violet was short, with a plush figure. Her muted gold eyes were sleepy as ever, and her short dark purple curls fell across her face in a perpetual state of bed-head. She wandered over to a line of pansies, and lifted up her tee-shirt dress. Violet would always prefer to be sleeping, and hated getting up at night. This was most likely the reason for her excellent holding skills, that had let her walk over unleaking.

With her dress out of the way, she didn’t even bother to open her legs or hold her peinis, just let natuer take its course all over the flower bed. If Daisy was objecting to this too, Violet couldn’t hear it. She barely felt the pee flowing to the flowers, one stream running through her thighs on the way, one splattering against her big toes on occasion. As she felt the flows dwindle, she glanced around to find a place to lie down after she finished. Deciding on a wooden bench as she shook her self off, the other pee would be washed off when they got to the house, Violet disinterestedly noticed Rose chiding Tiger Lily.

*023*2018-07-04 17:34

Ch.4: Watering Flowers pt.2

“Tiger Lily. Be careful not to get any on me.” warned Rose as she got into position. Tiger Lily just glared at the girl who had chosen to work so close by.

Tiger Lily’s most noteworthy physical characteristic was her hair: long, orange feathered tresses fanning out around her face and shoulders, with two small braids hanging next to her temples. Her red-brown eyes were set on the her darkly freckled face.

Tiger Lily had been hoping to get some space to relive her aching bladder, but Rose had chosen to take care of the water garden right next to her flowering trees. Why she had done that was a mystery to Tiger Lily, as Rose definitely knew the risks involved. Tiger Lily would have moved, but she simply couldn’t wait any longer. Tiger Lily didn’t even think she could turn away from the other girl without losing controle, so she got her skirt out of the way, opens her legs, and took aim.

Tiger Lily wasn’t particularly shy about urination, at least not when everyone else was doing it too. Her problem was that she had never once been able to pee neatly while standing upright. Rose had used a urinal beside her once, on a class trip, and Tiger Lily had somehow managed to splash her cheek. Even then, she hadn’t been holding as much pee as she was now. But it was far too late to deal with it now, Tiger Lily’s bladder was going numb, She had to go so bad it burned. Tiger Lily couldn’t force herself to relax, but it hardly mattered at this point. Relife was coming regardless of her thoughts on the matter.

One of Tiger Lily’s arms shot out to steady herself against a tree, while her other hand kept its grip on her penies, as two hard streams sprayed onto the roots beneath her. Tiger Lily felt like a double-sided fire hydrant, gushing violently out from both ends, one torrent being channeled through a hose. Her mind went blank, not even noticing if Rose was getting a watering herself.

The two powerful streams were difficult for Tiger Lily to controle under the best of circumstances, and with her weakened balance, they were splattering all around her. As her internal water levels lowered to a reasonable level, she realized just how loud her pee was. The hissing would be loud enough to hear half a mile away. Additionally, the ground and trees around her were dappled with a chaotic pattern of dopplets. She could even feel drips fall on her from the branches above her head, and she was standing in a huge puddle of mudd. Painting as her stream finished, she stumbled to the patio table.

Her dress was dotted with drops of urine, soaked in some places, as was her hair. She caught her breath and got her berings strait. Now composed, she turned to check on Rose. Tracing her own wet foot prints back to the grove, she was shocked to see Rose completely soaked. She couldn’t have splashed her that much, right? To Tiger Lily’s relife, she realized that Rose was pulling herself out of the pond, with the help of Mother Willow. Tiger Lily was perplexed as to when Rose had fallen in.

Rose was buxom with a sweet smile. Her intricately layered haircut was peach-colored at the roots, but shifted to cream by the tips. She had hazel eyes and enviably smooth skin. The low-cut dress she wore featured a precisely layered multi-tier skirt.

Rose had started the started the session by perching at the edge on a small pond of miniature water lilies. Her thighs were clasped firmly together, as she couldn’t allow any more leaks at this point. Although Rose had been drinking even more tea for the last few hours, she had been able to manage her urge to pee through dozens of tiny spurts. But in this squatting position, she doubted that another leak could be cut off. Not wanting to waste any more urine, she prepared her internal muscles, and pushed her pee out in two arches.

The sound of her streams hitting the water rang through her ears, even with Tiger Lily hissing away behind her. Sweet relief at last. Unfortunately, Rose would have to stop mid-stream, and tend to the other parts of the garden. Although soil would carry the nutritious fluid across most parts of the garden, the contained bodys of water would have to be tended to individually. Thighs pressed together, Rose carfullely stood up, and hobbled over to the aquatic container gardens a few meters away.

Rose eagerly stopped at the closest of the 2 remaining basins, filled with blooming water violets. She had to grip herself with one hand, alternitly pressing against her slit and squeezing her penis to stem the tide, as she pulled herself onto the rim of the pot. She managed to squat over the flowers and aim, before she lost control for the second time. She could see two trails of yellow wind down through the submerged stems, before vanishing into the water. Peeing felt even better this time, but she was again forced to stop herself. A in-ground water body, like the pond she just tended to, might be able to handle a surplus of nutrients, but the smaller buckets require specific amounts.

Using both hands to maintain the water-tight seal within her, she struggled over to the final pot and paused. She would need both hand to pull herself into a squat over the pot of fairy moss, but she seriously doubted she could spare the effort. Writhing in place, she tried and failed to reach a satisfactory solution. As a tiny splash of warm liquid slipped into her palm, she realized the only course of action. Turning her back to the pot, she canted her hips backwards. Her butt and hips were now submerged, being tickled by the tiny, floating ferns, and she released a massive wave of warmth into the cool water. Rose moned in relief, and relaxed against the rough stone rim, until Mother Willow shook her shoulder.

Rose realized her mistake, and forced herself to stop peeing, though it took great effort. Why hadn’t she done the pond last, so she could pee whatever she had left into it. Mother Willow helped her out of the fairy moss pot, and into a standing position.

Rose had no thoughts in her mind, as she blindly raced to the pond. Just as she approached, she felt a trickle run down her leg. She was so distraught at the sensation, that she didn’t realize Tiger Lily had soaked the area around the pond. The moment Rose realized this, she was already flying into the pond.

The shock of being suddenly underwater was contrasted by the mind-numbing feeling of relief Rose felt, as she finally let her whole body relax. Instinctively, her head pushed above the surface, albeit with a unintentional water lily hat, and she grond blissfully.

“Ahhh, finally...so much better...I can pee as much as I want too...yes, finally..Oooh” she sighed as she let nature take its course. Mother Willow was standing patiently by the edge, ready to help her out when she was ready. But until then, Rose could pee for as long as she had to.

