A wetting story as told by a friend

Author: sobebomb

*000*2018-01-14 05:39

The first time I remember letting go was when i was in my twenties. I’m a small girl as it is and even though I’m nowhere near four feet whatever, im closing in on it. I had just moved a few months prior and as autumn leaves fell into my little apartment’s yard, it was increasingly getting colder. I have a shih tzu and he is always running around, so happy every time I come home, he tends to piddle abit. He couldn’t help it at all. I had thought about this on the way home from my friends. We were supposed to do our makeup together but halfway there she called an cancelled. I had expected to pee at her house when i got there but now i had to hold it a bit further, until I arrived home.

Thinking about scottie’s piddling antics, I rushed out of the car, unlocked the front door an grabbed his leash an harness from on top of the shoe rack. The bend down let me know my bladder was screaming out and right then an there, i made a decision. I had rushed home in my short grey shorts an hoodie. Its hood was already up over my head, the ponytail i had tied my hair into held it in place. The sliding glass door opened and out into the little backyard scottie an I went. He doesn’t normally take long to do his thing but as the small gusts of wind blew his hair around, he increasingly didn’t want to go inside.

The cold breeze sent chills up an down my legs and Soon i really had to pee. It was night time, the sun went down over an hour ago, my backyard was only lit by my neighbor’s outdoor light as well as mine. He lifted his leg up high an watching his stream come out struck a shiver through my body as another gust of wind rolled off my bare legs. I looked around. It felt like i was at the beach. Cold air, bathing suit. Needing to pee. There was nothing to it then. The wind in my long brown hair blowing behind me. My bathing suit drying from the last rays of sun. Why not? So i let go, lost in the monent. Warm was an understatement.

I felt the stream bear down on my panties, an immediate soaking. It snapped me back to reality. Did i really just voluntarily piss myself? Instinct stuck my hand in my crotch then down my shorts. It was bad enough I had my panties on all day. Now their even dirtier!..Well i need to shower anyways. Dirty is dirty right? I looked at scotty and didn’t even bother to look around. The pitter pattering on the soft grass turned quickly into a stream. What looked like splashes of rain drops on my shorts turned into a growing dark spot. My cotton panties began to sag under the weight of the pee and i enjoyed every moment. Scottie was sniffing around when i finished. He had finished too; way before me. I felt naughty.

“Scotty.” I spoke to him. “Both of us went potty outside. Lets go inside an get cleaned up.”

