Princess Vs Pressure (Collab story with HoldingPrinces)

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2024-08-08 15:00

Hi Omo Lovers!

A few months back, I had announced a collab story with our beloved @HoldingPrinces

. I am so excited to tell you guys that I have finally completed the story where she is the heroine and goes on a really tough intense desperation challenge. Given her love for holding her pee and her incredible bladder strength, I feel this story will do justice to her own imagination and fantasies. Let's show her some love people! :-)

Princess Vs Pressure

My name is Princess. I am a 19-year-old girl, studying in the high school. Ever since my childhood I had been very shy. Combine that with a strict school and you get a superb bladder control. This is one of my longest holds that I’m very proud of.

I sat at my desk in the classroom, listening to Mr. Hawkins drone on about quadratic equations. There were a few girls in the class who were fidgeting as they needed to pee. I pitied them as it was just 10 AM, and they wouldn’t be allowed out of the class till lunch time, which was still three hours away. My own bladder was starting to feel slightly full. Honouring my daily habit, I took a mouthful swig an emptied the remaining water from my 1 litre bottle. It was not a large bottle per se, but I had already refilled it once, since I last used the bathroom at 6 AM. I felt proud of my control, thanks to my strict rule of peeing only twice-a-day.

As the familiar cool made its way to my bladder, I smacked my lips greedily. Soon the bell rang for the next period, I grabbed my things and headed to chemistry class. My friends, Lisa and Brie, joined me in the hallway as I stopped to refill my water bottle for the third time.

"Hey, Princes," Brie said, "coming to the cheerleading practice after revision classes?"

"Of course," I replied confidently,

Lisa eyed my water bottle. "You always drink so much water, Princes. Yet I’ve never seen you use the bathrooms."

I felt red-faced. "Discipline, I guess."

We made our way to the chemistry lab, and I felt a slight twinge in my bladder. Still, I took another sip from my bottle as if to tell my bladder to shut up. The cool, refreshing water was too good to resist, and besides, I prided myself on my ability to hold it. It was my little secret, my challenge. By lunchtime, the pressure was starting to build. I could feel my bladder protesting, but I pushed the thought away. "It’s not time yet Ms. Bladder," I thought. Lisa and Brie too joined me in the cafeteria. We chatted and laughed, and I refilled my water bottle once again. I caught myself squirming a bit, but quickly stopped.

"Are you okay?" Lisa asked, noticing my slight discomfort.

"Yeah, just excited for the cheerleading," I replied with a smile, masking the growing urgency in my bladder.

After lunch, it was back to classes. The afternoon dragged on, and by the time the bell rang at 2.30 PM, my need to pee was becoming quite insistent. I was used to this feeling, but my bladder still tried to remind me that I should empty it. But I still had revision classes, and there was no way I was going to use the school bathrooms as always. "I will go before bed" I told myself as I headed to the next classroom. During revision at 4 PM, I found it harder to concentrate. My bladder was definitely fuller as anyone would expect. If I didn’t pay attention my legs started fanning. As I realized that I was showing weakness, I quickly crossed my legs tightly and tried to focus on the material, but it was difficult. The clock seemed to be moving slower than ever. "Come on, Princes, you do this every day" I whispered to myself. I only had 3 litres of water and hadn't peed in just 10 hours. I could easily go on till bedtime.

At 6 PM, revision finally ended. 12 hours since my last pee and over 4 litres of water consumed. I felt a wave of relief, not because I could go pee, but because my daily hydration target was complete. Now it was time for the cheerleading practice. I changed into my cheerleading uniform, which was a short, pleated skirt and a full sleeved crop top. The skirt was way too tight on my midsection and definitely squished my bulge. The pressure was tremendous, but I was stronger. Even though the other girls insisted me to come to the bathroom, I chose to go straight to the arena.

Being the lead girl, practice was intense, and I was thrown into the air to perform splits, land with my legs flat on the ground, stretch my legs high-in-air and what not. We ran through the cheers, the dances, and I could feel every jump, every movement jostling my bladder. Sweat poured down my face, but I kept going, determined to stick to my routine. Some of the girls had to run to the bathroom in between the practice as they realized their panties were showing leaks while performing splits. It was such a shame that despite taking their pre-cautionary pee they were not able to hold it. I was beaming with pride.

By the time practice ended at 10 PM, I was nearly bursting. Nothing to worry though because I would get desperate every day around the same time. I loved this rush and pressure behind my pee hole. It reminded me not to take my pees for granted. However, no one around me could ever tell that I was holding my pee, let alone bursting despite drinking close to 5 litres of water. I headed back to the hostel with Lisa and Brie, making small talk despite the throbbing need to pee. We even stopped for dinner where I had another glass or two of water as they relieved themselves once more.

Finally, we reached the hostel. As I stepped through the gate and, a wave of desperation hit me. I was almost shaking with the need to pee, but I managed to keep my composure in front of them. "You did it," I thought triumphantly. "Just a little longer until you're in your wing." I said goodnight to Lisa and Brie and made my way down the yard. A dull ache plagued my bladder, and my womanhood quivered. I clenched as hard as I could and to keep my overfilled bladder shut. I finally reached the building and closed the door behind me, I couldn't help but smile. "You did it, Princes. You held it all day.” My bladder suddenly decided to turn the knob up and my desperation shot up, knowing that relief was so close.

Little did I know what was in store for me. As I headed towards the common bathroom, another door in the corridor swung open, and the stern face of Matron Collins glared at me.

"Do you have any idea what time it is?" she snapped, clearly annoyed. "The bathroom doors are locked after 10 PM. You know the rules."

I apologized, saying, "I'm sorry, Matron. I was at practice. I just need to use the bathroom really quickly."

She shook her head dismissively and pulled me in the opposite direction towards my room. "Hold it in, until morning," she said curtly before walking away, leaving me stunned and squirming.

"Matron, please!" I called out, but my voice echoed back at me in the empty hall. "Please, I really need to go!"

There was no response. The silence was deafening. My bladder felt like it was about to explode, and I was on the verge of tears. I paced in my room, each step sending painful jolts through my overfull bladder. I couldn't believe this was happening. I had held it all day and earned my second pee and yet, when I was so close to relief, I was locked out. "Stay calm, Princes," I told myself, taking deep breaths. "You've made it this far. You can handle a few more hours."

But deep down, I knew it was more than a few hours. Morning felt far away. I grabbed my water bottle, the irony not lost on me as I took a small sip to soothe my parched throat. The pressure inside me built with every passing minute, but I forced myself to stay strong. "I can do this," I whispered, even as I paced the room, clutching my abdomen. "I have to do this.". Desperation clawed at me, and I considered my options. I could try to find another way out but shouting for the matron again seemed pointless. I thought of peeing in the paper trash bin, but it was too small to hold all my pee, and my room would smell. But then my eyes fell on a sticky note on my wall which read,

“When there’s no way out, stay calm and keep it in!”

That single piece of paper reminded me that I had to take control of my bladder. With a sharp breath, I rummaged through my desk drawer and found my relaxing pills. If I could just fall asleep, maybe I could numb the agonizing pressure for a while. I took one out and chugged it down with yet another glass of water. Next I got rid of my sweaty clothes into some comfy lingerie. The bottoms were digging into my swollen bladder. I gingerly got up on the bed and lowered myself on my belly. A current of pain ran through my body as my swollen bladder was pushed inwards. My legs twitched and body shuddered as the pent-up pee was pushed towards my tired pee hole. I gripped the mattress tightly and clenched as hard as I could. It was my favourite position to sleep, and I was not going to change it just because my bladder couldn’t wait a few extra hours. It was like an ego-battle with my bladder.

"I AM STRONG! I CAN ENDURE THIS!” I told myself. "You can take this additional pressure and still fall asleep. It'll be morning before you know it."

I closed my eyes, trying to focus on anything but the throbbing pain in my bladder. Memories of the day flashed through my mind – chugging 4 refills of my bottle, enduring the classes, the dance practice and most importantly, the pride I felt holding it all in. But now, that pride more like a punishment. Minutes passed, feeling like hours, but slowly, mercifully, the sleeping pill started to take effect. My eyelids grew heavy, and the pain began to dull just enough for me to drift off. My last conscious thought was checking whether I had any wet spot or leaks and thankfully I had none.

When I woke up, it was already 7 AM. I had overslept because of the pill. The intense pressure in my bladder brought me back to full awareness instantly. I was still desperate, perhaps even more so after sleeping, but the end was in sight. I grabbed myself tightly but then immediately removed my hand. “I am not going to throw my dignity away just for this.” I sternly told myself, holding my breath to get out of the bed. As my feet touched the ground, a strong wave hit me and I dashed for the door, practically bursting.

I rushed down the hall to the bathroom, only to be greeted by a line of girls already getting ready for school. Unlike other days when I woke up at 5.30, there would be no line but today I was late. My bladder was screaming for relief, the urge compounded by the morning pressure and the pent-up pee from yesterday. There was no way I could wait in this line. I approached the first girl in line, desperation in my voice.

"Please, I need to go first. It's an emergency," I begged, my legs trembling now despite my attempts to stand straight.

The girl shook her head, her face stern. "Sorry, Princes, we're all in a hurry."

I bit my lip, fighting back tears of frustration. There was no time to argue. I dashed back to my room, throwing on my dance uniform. I yelped frantically as I zipped up. It was way tighter than the last night and my bulge refused to be compressed any more. I steadied myself as the waves battered me from within and put on my shoes. Bending down to tie the shoelaces made me light-headed and frantic. My legs just wouldn’t stay still, and my bladder felt on fire.

I groaned in pain but somehow tied my shoes and bolted out of the door. I took a longing look at the door of the bathroom not knowing when I would get some relief. My bladder felt like it was about to burst, but I couldn't let my team down. I would have to hold it. I sprinted out of the hostel and made my way to school dance arena as fast as I could. The dance competition was in a faraway place, and we planned to leave early by bus. I couldn't afford to miss it. Walking sent searing pain through my overworked bladder, but I gritted my teeth and kept going.

I finally reached the school, out of breath and on the verge of tears. The pressure was unbearable, and I could feel my bladder straining to hold everything in. I pushed through the school doors and made my way to the dance room, hoping to find a moment to relieve myself before we left. I couldn't believe this was happening. I'd never used the school bathrooms before, but today might be the day or so I thought. I tried to tip toe towards the Teacher’s bathroom knowing that it would be empty at this hour, but as I approached, I saw my team members chasing from opposite. Their faces were a mix of concern and frustration.

"Princes! Where have you been?" Our coach snapped. "We were supposed to leave half an hour ago!"

"I'm so sorry, Coach," I panted, trying to catch my breath. "I overslept."

She frowned but nodded. "No time to waste. Let's go."

I gulped down my throat as I stared at the teacher’s bathroom. The relief was so close and yet so far. Only if I could swallow my pride and ask the coach to let me go but my ego won. Another girl also approached the coach asking if she could go to the bathroom, but she was turned down stating that there was no time. I joined the team, my bladder throbbing with pain. The bus ride to the event was torture. For the next two hours I just kept doing Kegels every few minutes. My butt cheeks had gone numb. Every bump and turn made my toes curl. My friends asked me why was I sweating but I shrugged them off.

I forced myself to act normally by accepting the juice refreshments being passed on. My ego wouldn’t let me tell it to anyone I held on, determined not to let anyone see my discomfort. "Just hold it," I kept telling myself. "No one should know that you are holding!" My legs were crossed tightly, and I couldn't stop fidgeting. Despite my attempts to not show it, Lisa noticed my discomfort and leaned over. "Are you okay, Princes? Do you need to pee?" I forced a weak smile. "Oh no! Not at all. I never need to pee. I am just a bit nervous about the performance." She nodded, though her concern didn't entirely fade. I was too embarrassed to adamant to admit the truth—that I hadn't peed since yesterday morning and my bladder was filled to the brink. For the rest of the journey I sat on my heels, unable to find a comfortable position.

When the bus pulled in at the destination, my eyes were shut tight and head hung low. I didn’t even realize how tightly I was gripping the edges of the chair. My butt and legs were all clammy with sweat. Lisa nudged me out of my painful trance. I forced a smile and stood up, only to collapse back into the seat. My hands almost flew to my crotch, but I resisted it and gripped my thighs tightly. I WAS BURSTING! But there was no time to search for a bathroom without letting anyone know. We were ushered straight into the preparation area to get ready for our performance. Our coach handed over our costumes, we barely had 15 minutes.

“How are we supposed to go the bathroom in these?” Lisa asked the coach.

“Well, you are not!” The coach snapped at her.

I gulped down my throat as I looked at the multi-layered costume. There was a neck entry leotard, followed by a one-piece swimsuit or bodysuit whatever you would call it. Then a corset like decorative pieces being sewn into place. My body was shaking as I parted my legs to put it in the leotard. A sharp spasm hit me forcing me to squat on the floor. My breath was erratic, and heart pounded in my ears. I had forgotten how it felt to part my legs under such a pressure. I took a deep breath and gave it another try. All the time my eyes were on my tight white panties. I was fighting with tooth and nail to not leak. Few other girls had leaked, and it was a painful sight to watch.

As I pulled it up further, I got stuck at the small neck entry refusing to stretch any further. My bulge was far too hard and big for it. The coach saw me immobilized. She put a wooden spatula between the fabric and my bladder and tugged it hard. I was red with strain as the fabric crushed my bladder. It was excruciatingly tight, but I couldn’t let it show on my face. Keeping a brave face, I slid the swimsuit like thingy over my bodysuit, which further squeezed my bladder into absolute flatness.

Over 7 litres of water sloshed in my body, my kidneys worked in overtime to pump all the back log of water in my bladder but there was simply no room. An assistant then came and stitched up a corset over my bodysuit and laced it tight to ensure it doesn’t move. I wanted to scream. My legs involuntarily kept shifting and twirling. My body was drenched in sweat, and I could barely stand still. Every movement sent painful jolts through my bladder. "You can do this, Princes," I whispered to myself as we lined up backstage. "No pee before bedtime."

The music started, and we stepped onto the stage. I plastered a smile on my face, trying to focus on the routine. But my bladder was a constant, agonizing distraction. I could feel the liquid sloshing inside me with every step, every jump. The urge to pee was overwhelming, and I was terrified I might lose control in front of everyone. As we moved through the routines, my fidgeting became more noticeable. There was a sequence in which I was thrown high in the air and then I had to perform a split while two girls would hold my legs, keeping me suspended in air.

I felt my sphincters, my privates and my bladder all were tearing apart all at once. My lips trembled as I felt pee move closer to the exit. The audience probably thought it was part of the act, but my teammates were starting to look worried. Lisa shot me another concerned glance, and Lisa mouthed, "Are you okay?" I nodded, though it was a lie. I was desperate, beyond desperate. I was mortified that if I leaked it would gush on everyone below me. I remembered the note from last night and clenched as hard as I could. I had to keep going.

We finally finished our last dance of the evening, and the applause was even louder this time. I bowed with the team, the movement making my bladder scream in protest. As we headed off the stage, Lisa pulled me aside. "Princes, what's wrong? You’re all read and sweaty." I opened my mouth, but nothing came out. I took a deep breath and blurted. "I haven't peed since yesterday morning. I'm struggling to hold it.” Her eyes widened in shock. "Since yesterday? How are you even standing right now?" I admitted, feeling tears prick at the corners of my eyes. "I just... I didn't have a chance, and now I'm stuck."

The rest of the team overheard, and their reactions were a mix of disbelief and sympathy. "You've got to find a bathroom, Princes," one of them said. As I heard that my shyness kicked in. I nodded, my voice trembling. "It’s ok girls. I can still hold it. Don’t worry” We were herded back onto the bus, and the ride back to school was even worse than the ride here. My bladder felt like it was going to explode, and I couldn't stop shifting in my seat. The other girls were desperate too, but they'd at least had the chance to relieve themselves at some point that day.

"I so envy you Princes, you have such a strong bladder," Lisa whispered to me as we bumped along the road. "I don't know how you're doing this." I whispered back, crossing my legs even tighter. "I don't either, but I will supress it till we get back." The hours dragged on, and by the time we pulled into the school parking lot, I was on the verge of tears. The bus door opened, and I practically leaped out, my legs trembling with the effort of holding back the flood. As we made our way inside, the girls around me were talking about how desperate they were, but their eyes were on me with a mix of awe and concern.

"Princes, how are you even still walking?" Lisa asked, shaking her head in disbelief. I forced a laugh. "I just don't want to go anywhere other than my own bathroom." They nodded, understanding. The school bathrooms were notoriously gross, but I was running out of options. They coaxed me to use the staff bathroom, but I refused. "No, I want my own bathroom," I whispered, feeling panic rise in my chest. "Stay strong," I told myself, clenching my fists. "You've made it this far. You can do this."

Brie, seeing my distress, stepped forward with a solution. "Princes, why don't you come to my place? It's close by, and you can use the bathroom there. Plus, I can help you get out of that costume." My heart pounded in my chest at the thought. I was too shy to use anyone else's bathroom, but Brie just wouldn’t understand and forced me to come with her. We quickly gathered our things and left the school, Brie leading the way to her house. Each step was agony, but the promise of getting rid of the costume kept me going. When we finally reached her home, I was practically dancing. I could feel my bladder run against the rough fabric of my leotard and the stiches ripping apart.

She unlocked the door, and we hurried inside. "Come on, let's get you out of that costume," Brie said, guiding me to her room. I stood still as she worked to untie the intricate knots and fastenings of the costume. Each piece she removed brought a slight sense of relief, but my bladder was still crying for release. When she finally undid the last piece, I could feel the tight constriction around my bladder loosen, and it immediately bulged out, a testament to how much I'd been holding in. Next she helped me tear of the neck entry bodysuit and leotard. As I was finally stripped off my costume, my bladder bulged even more.

Brie's eyes widened in shock. "Princes, you had all that pee compressed inside! HOLY COW!" My sweaty self was writhing in the bed with legs crossed in a pretzel. My hands clawed her bedsheet crumpling it. She hurriedly showed me the way, but I shook my head, surprising even myself. "No, I c-can control myself a bit longer now that I'm out of that tight costume. I can do this."

Brie looked at me as if I'd lost my mind. "Are you serious? You’re going to burst!"

I smiled weakly, taking a deep breath. "No. I never pee other than my own bathroom. I m-must control my needs.”

Brie's eyes widened in shock. "But why?"

I shrugged, feeling a strange sense of determination. "That’s what makes me strong, I think."

“When will you go then?”

“T-tomorrow evening, after school." I squeaked as another wave hit me.

She shook her head, clearly concerned, but she didn't argue. Instead, she helped me get settled for the night. I lay down in her guest bed when I remembered that I hadn’t met my hydration target for the day.

“Brie c-can you please get me a bottle of water.?”

“Are you fucking kidding me?” Her jaws practically fell on the ground.

“I drink 4 litres water every day. Today I have only consumed 2.” My voice was feeble.

She refused but after a little more pestering she got me the bottles. My hands trembled as I took the first bottle from her. It was agony but a rule is a rule. I inhaled deeply and put the bottle to my mouth, gulping down the cold water before my bladder could react. Each drop hit my bladder like a hammer. I yelped in pain as I drained the bottle. Brie handed me another one immediately and I again emptied it at a same pace.

After a minute I slammed the bottle on the table and yelped in pain. The waist band of my pantie was being stretched visibly, with the seams ripping apart. “I need to pee so bad!” I whisper to myself before thanking her. As the lights were out I couldn’t resist it anymore. I shoved my hand in my crotch grabbing it for my dear life. I tossed and squirmed, trying to find a comfortable position, but it was impossible. My bladder felt like a balloon about to burst, and every slight movement sent waves of agony through my body. "Stay strong," I whispered to myself in the darkness. "Good girls don’t pee! Good girls don’t pee."

The night was torturous. I barely got any sleep, my mind and body consumed by the relentless need to pee. The hours dragged on, and I watched the clock, counting down the minutes until morning. Finally around 6AM, the first light of dawn filtered through the window, and I knew it was time to remove my hand from my crotch. It was impossible to stay still at this point. My lower back and my legs were aching, and my pee hole felt on fire. I got up before Brie did and got dressed. I couldn’t believe how big and swollen my midriff was. I checked my panties, and they were still dry, magically. In the moment of intense desperation, I felt proud of myself for not breaking the seal for exactly 2 days now. I put on my uniform miniskirt and zipped it up – and my legs pretzeled on their own. But I straightened myself and parted my legs to wake Brie up.

“Did you pee?” Were her first words, looking at me stand with parted legs.

“No, never. Holding it s-still.” I force a smile.

After a quick breakfast and two glasses of water, we stepped out for our classes. Brie kept a close eye on me, ready to support if I needed it, but I was determined to see this through. The whispers started as soon as I stepped into the building. Everyone was talking about my swollen belly and how I'd been holding it for more than two days now.

"Can you believe it?" I overheard one girl say. "She hasn't peed since day before yesterday morning!"

"How is that even possible?" another girl replied. "She must be in so much pain."

I clenched my fists, ignoring the chatter. I needed to stay focused. I could do this. I continued to drink my usual copious amounts of water throughout the day, determined not to break my routine. Each sip added to the mounting pressure, but I gritted my teeth and pushed through. My body was sweating profusely and each step that I put forth pricked like a thousand needles in my bladder. By lunchtime, I was done with 2 more litres of water and the pain was through the roof. I could no longer focus on the lectures and lowered my head on the desk. My legs were double crossed, and my ass was on the edge of the seat. My bladder felt like it was going to explode, and I could barely stand still. Lisa and Brie approached me, their faces full of concern.

"Princes, are you okay?" Brie asked, her eyes wide with worry.

I nodded, forcing a smile. "I'm fine. Just a bit uncomfortable."

"Uncomfortable? YOU ARE OVERFLOWING PRINCES! You are going to pee! NOW," Brie said, shaking her head. "Why don't you just go?"

"I WON’T! I like h-holding it," I said simply. "I've made it this far. I can hold it till tonight."

They exchanged worried glances, but they failed to convince me. The rest of the day was a blur of pain and determination. I could no longer feel my legs and my bladder felt like it was being slit with a knife with every breath. By the time the final bell rang, I was hanging by a thread. I gathered my things and headed to the door, my movements slow. My thighs remained glued, literally and steps were shorter than a few inches at a time. I had to make it home dry and without grabbing myself in front of Lisa.

Lisa asked me if I could wait a few minutes so that she could get dinner for both of us. I happily nodded. As soon as she turned back I was on the ground, squatting and clenching and squirming. My only motto was to not let my bladder win after coming so close. When I saw her turn back, I swiftly got back. My bladder cramped angrily at the sudden movement. Somehow I held my breath and continued to walk with her, just nodding when necessary instead of talking to her. The walk to her hostel felt like an eternity. But finally, we made it. Lisa helped me inside the hostel, and I collapsed onto the bed, my bladder throbbing with urgency.

“You did it,” Lisa said softly. “You made it.”

I nodded, tears of relief and pain in my eyes. “Just a little longer.”

Lisa’s eyes widened. “Princes, you can’t be serious. You’re still not going to use the bathroom?”

“I know,” I whispered, taking a deep breath. “But I need to finish the homework first.”

Lisa’s eyes widened in disbelief. “Princes, you’re crazy. You need to pee first.”

I shook my head, clenching myself with all the remaining strength I had left. “No, studies are more important. I can hold it.”

She sighed, clearly afraid but respected my determination. “Alright, but you let me know if you need to go. I don’t want you to wet yourself.”

I nodded, trying to focus on the textbooks and assignments spread out in front of me. My bladder felt like a boulder, and I could feel its solidity as I squirmed or moved. Hours ticked by and I forced myself to concentrate on the work. Lisa sat beside me, offering support and occasionally glancing over to make sure I was okay. Time dragged on, the pain in my abdomen growing more intense. My hands shook as I wrote, and my legs wobbled and twisted, but I refused to give in. Every sip of water, every word I wrote was inching me closer to a disaster. “Stay strong,” I kept telling myself. “Just a little longer.”

Finally, around midnight, the last assignment was done. I let out a shaky breath, feeling both relieved and exhausted. But my bladder was at its breaking point. I couldn’t move any more. I needed to pee right now!

I looked at Lisa with despair, my eyes pleading. “I need your help. I can’t walk.”

She was beside me in an instant, her face full of concern. “Of course, Princes. Let’s get you to the bathroom.”

She helped me to my feet, and I clung to her for support. My legs felt like jelly, but Lisa’s steady presence kept me grounded. We made our way slowly to the bathroom, “We’re almost there,” Lisa whispered, her arm around my waist. “Just a few more steps.” We finally reached the bathroom, and she helped me inside. I could feel tears of relief and pain prick at my eyes. I had held it for so long, and now, finally, I was going to get the relief I had been craving.

“Thank you,” I whispered, my voice trembling. “I couldn’t have done this without you.”

Lisa gave me a reassuring smile. “You’re incredible, Princes. Now, go ahead and let it out.”

I closed the door behind me and hurriedly started to undo my clothes. The relief was so close I could almost feel it, but my bladder just wouldn’t have it anymore. It forced my floodgates open before I get my panties down. A thick stream of pee hit the WC and a loud groan escaped my mouth. A tingly warm sensation spread through my nether as the 66 hours’ worth of pent-up pee was finally let out. The sensation was overwhelming, and my sweaty body relaxed as the pressure in my bladder gushed out. I had done it. I had held on for more than two days, drinking so much water and with absolutely no leaks, until now at least. It was earth-shattering. As I finished and washed my hands, a sense of accomplishment filled me. I had pushed my limits and proven to myself just how strong I was. I stepped out of the bathroom, and Lisa was waiting for me, a proud smile on her face.

“You did it,” she said, hugging me gently. “You’re amazing, Princes.”

“Thank you,” I whispered, feeling a wave of gratitude and relief. “But I need to train harder. I should have been able to walk here on my own and hold it till tomorrow morning, making it full three days.”

Lisa’s eyes nearly popped out, but she didn’t say anything. We headed back to her room, and as I collapsed onto the bed, exhausted but triumphant, I knew that I had accomplished something incredible. I had held on, endured, and come out stronger on the other side. And now it was time for my next hold.

- - - The End - - -

*004*2024-08-09 04:43

{{9 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I have not started reading it yet, but just from the title about a princess being desperate.I know this is gonna be good

}}

It's a collab story with @HoldingPrinces

Not a real Princes. But I am sure you would love it.

{{5 hours ago, Frooger said:

Absolutely fantastic! You can do no wrong Rex! Thanks to you and HoldingPrinces:)

}}

My friend! Thank you for being here and giving us such a boost!

{{21 minutes ago, FullBladder85 said:

I've been looking forward to this ever since I heard you two were working on a collab together. The story definitely did not disappoint. 🙂

}}

Coming from you means a lot buddy. I can't describe how excited and honored I feel after reading your comment. Thank you so much for your appreciation towards our joint efforts.

*010*2024-08-11 06:22

{{On 8/10/2024 at 8:21 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Thank you for all who showed enthusiasm in this story. Actually most of credit should go to Rexone_312 who built the story from scratch, where I had given him only a rough outline based on one of my True experiences. But to be honest, I have never held pee for this much long in my real life. Rexone_312 has made my character as a strong willed girl who never gives up holding even at the extremes of pee desperation. Thank you very much @Rexone_312

For all the time and effort you made on this ❤️

}}

Your appreciation means so much to me as a writer. I will strive to write better and better and if & when we collab in future again, I will try to do my best again! :-) You serve as a huge inspiration to me.

{{On 8/10/2024 at 10:11 AM, eucoloco said:

Great as usual. The details do get me

}}

Thanks a lot buddy! I was waiting for your comments . . .

{{7 hours ago, DespAndHold said:

Wow this was incredible and I’m sure @HoldingPrinces

Will use as inspiration for her next hold 😳

}}

Oh you read my mind! ;-)

*013*2024-08-13 05:34

{{21 hours ago, Tentacool said:

Excellent desperation! Princess really has her priorities in the right place

}}

Don't we love her for it! 😁

{{6 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I finally finished the story.And I have to say this was an amazing story 66 hours She was holding it for 2 whole days In this fictional story that is insane And I can only imagine after holding it for that long and finally peeing.She probably had multiple orgasms when she was releasing that pee a peegasm if you will

}}

Woah! That's a huge compliment. I am glad you enjoyed the story so much. .

*019*2024-08-25 07:41

I haven't had the time to thoroughly go through all the notifications and the encouraging comments here. As a writer, it makes me so much more motivated :-D

{{On 8/13/2024 at 10:37 PM, JD0417 said:

I’d like to see if she’s able to eventually hold it for 3 full days

}}

As Princes said herself - may be if we write a sequel she will ;-)

{{On 8/15/2024 at 1:37 AM, huberp76 said:

A great work from both of you and perfect written!

I love the story from the beginning.

Princes have not been at the loo the entire day and went with her full bladder to the cheerleader practice.

Until then it is not a story, it is reality.

It must be so hard for her to move and dance with a very, very full bladder.

Then it is getting more than great.

She was coming home a little after 10 pm and was not allowed to use the bathroom, she got told „hold it until morning „.

So hot the imagination to say to a girl who had not weed since 6 am that she should hold it until morning.

More than hot „she has not peed since the day before yesterday.“

I could repeat the whole story, because all of it is great, thank you a lot!!

}}

This is so exciting. I know how much you love stories where the heroine keeps pushing herself to go on and on :-)

{{On 8/16/2024 at 10:12 PM, archiveIsCool said:

This was really good, one of the best stories I've seen

}}

{{On 8/19/2024 at 12:28 PM, redstallion said:

Excellent work! Hope this story gets better and better.

}}

Thank you so much for your positive feedback guys. You made my day :-D

*021*2024-08-27 07:43

{{On 8/23/2024 at 9:15 PM, Vozhd said:

One of the best stories of all time.

}}

You made my day.

{{On 8/26/2024 at 7:30 AM, eucoloco said:

I always miss more writing from u. Ur great and talented

}}

I will write more in the coming days. Rest assured

A sequel is in the works guys! 🥹

