The big presentation: a desperate double wetting

Author: ShareTea333

*000*2025-07-02 06:19

Hannah had been waiting for an opportunity for a promotion for years, and it was finally here. All she had to do in order to seal the deal was one final presentation to the executive leadership team at her company. She hadn’t been able to sleep and spent the early morning hours siting at her dining table reviewing her slide deck and drinking cup after cup of her favorite tea to calm her nerves.

She had planned to leave early so she would have plenty of time to get her presentation set up and greet everyone, but the reality was that she just barely left on time. She spent the 60-minute car ride nervously glancing at the arrival time on the GPS while she practiced her presentation out loud. Her throat was dry from all the rehearsal and she consistently sipped out of her giant cup of ice water. Despite having used the bathroom before leaving the house, Hannah was surprised to notice that her bladder was filling unusually quickly. The mugs of tea were finally catching up to her and all the water she was drinking wasn’t helping. It wasn’t an emergency, but Hannah could feel the pressure slowly building in her bladder and she was grateful she’d have just enough time to run to the bathroom before her meeting.

Those plans quickly changed when only 10 minutes from her destination, traffic suddenly slowed to a complete stop. “Ugh, this CAN’T be happening!”, Hannah groaned. The one bridge in the area was up and had caused a huge traffic back up. At this point she was going to be at least 5-10 minutes late, which was a terrible way to start off such an important meeting. Hannah texted her boss to apologize and her boss reassured her that she’d stall as long as possible in hopes no one would notice.

As Hannah sat in the silence of the stopped traffic, her attention was drawn to her bladder. Knowing that now she wouldn’t have any time to stop at the bathroom before her presentation, she was getting a lot more concerned about the situation. She had already started to fidget in her seat and the nervousness of knowing she’d be starting her presentation soon seemed to make her need so much worse. She had many memories of being struck by a sudden, desperate need to pee when she was really nervous, even when she had an empty bladder. Whenever it happened, a few drops of pee would try to escape, and she would have to do a little pee dance to shake off the sensation or take a few deep breaths to get the feeling to pass.

Unlike those situations, deep breaths were not helping, and this time her bladder was actually getting dangerously full. Hannah longed to reach down and squeeze her crotch, but she was wearing a dress, and was afraid someone in another car might see. Grinding her crotch into the car seat wasn’t enough and she really needed a few moments of relief. Hannah kicked off her left shoe and pulled her leg up so she could sit on her heel. As she was grinding herself back and forth, she couldn’t ignore how good it felt. Between the pressure of her full bladder, the sensation of her peehole pulsing, and her now swollen clit, she momentarily lost track of all her stress.

It wasn’t until someone behind her honked that Hannah realized the cars in front of her had started to move forward. As she quickly snapped back to reality and sat up straight to continue driving, a few small drops of pee escaped and she gasped in shock. It wasn’t enough to do any real damage, but it made her keenly aware of just how desperate she was getting. It was further confirmed as she pulled in to the downtown office parking garage and had to park in a particularly tight spot. Her bladder became aware she was now close to a bathroom and while she tried to focus on parking, her bladder started to spasm over and over. She was clenching all her muscles so tightly that she was slighted lifted off her seat.

She threw the car into park and wiggled furiously back and forth in her seat as she gave her body a quick pep talk. “I just have to wait until the end of my 15-minute presentation, then I can pee. I can hold it until then. It’s no big deal. This is fine.” Her bladder calmed for a few moments, but as she leaned into the backseat to gather her things, she found herself bouncing up and down once more. The elevator ride to the 32nd floor was torturous. She paced back and forth, reminding herself she could hold it. She couldn’t help but imagine how good it would feel to pull her underwear to the side and release her full bladder onto the elevator floor. She imagined herself leaning against the hand rail with her dress pulled up and a hard stream of pee bursting out. It sent waves of excitement all throughout her body and her bladder pulsed in anticipation.

As the elevator doors opened, she clicked into business mode and prepared to apologize for her late arrival. Thankfully her boss had done a great job stalling and no one seemed upset that she was late. As she began greeting the members of the executive leadership team, the combination of the adrenaline and now very public setting caused her bladder to lock down. She was definitely aware of the bowling ball sitting in her lower stomach, but she could finally stand still for a few moments at a time.

She gave the first part of her presentation and breathed a huge sigh of relief when she got through it without any major issues. Though she had to pace back and forth a few times and stood with her legs pressed tightly together, overall it had gone great. It was time for questions, and she moved over to the podium so she could cross her legs tightly without everyone seeing. That worked at first, but the questions dragged on and as her adrenaline died down, her desperation returned. She began to need to fidget again, but was mortified at the thought of a room full of executives knowing she was doing a pee dance. She would slowly lift one foot off the floor, bending her leg and pulling it inwards against her crotch, alternating legs while trying to keep her upper body looking as calm as possible.

After what seemed like forever, her presentation was complete and she was gestured to her seat as the next presentation began. She sat down and finally relaxed a bit knowing she didn’t have to stress about her presentation anymore. It was when she started to assess how to excuse herself to the bathroom that the new panic set in. The room was small and cramped and she was sitting on the opposite side of the room as the door. For her to get to the door, people would need to stand up and let her pass, which would be a really obvious interruption. After already arriving late, interrupting the second presentation felt extra rude.

While she was stuck in indecision over what to do next, her bladder screamed for relief. The room was quiet and she was sitting pretty close to the others in the meeting. She didn’t feel like she could wiggle around much and using just her muscles to hold in all her pee felt like it wasn’t going to work much longer. Hannah rolled her chair in as far as possible so her lower body was completely hidden by the table. She slowly slid one hand down her thigh and under her dress so she could squeeze her crotch tightly. Her body was so sensitive at this point that the sensation of her first squeeze sent a jolt through her body. She did a quick glance around to be sure no one was looking and was thankful to find everyone was engaged in the presentation.

With her hand buried in her crotch, Hannah had a few moments of renewed confidence that she could just wait until the end of the meeting. There were about 30 minutes left, and as long as she could hold herself, she figured she could just head straight for the restrooms as soon as everyone stood up. This was no easy feat, and she had to switch hands from time to time because her fingers were getting tired from squeezing so hard. Each time she switched hands felt like a gamble and each time she was terrified she would start leaking.

It was working surprisingly well until a few seats down, one of the VPs dropped his pen and promptly scooted his chair back to look for it under the table. Hannah yanked her hand out of her crotch just in time, but only to release a huge spurt of pee into her underwear. Her body stiffened and she willed herself to hold on, but another spurt escaped, this time sending a sensation of warmth all across her bum. She crossed her legs as tight as possible and lamented in frustration how long it was taking him to find his pen. But the longer he looked, the more she struggled, and tiny leaks began to burst through her tightly crossed legs, this time spreading warmth across the front of her underwear.

The VP finally returned to his seat, but Hannah’s now soaked underwear made it clear she was going to lose control at any second if she didn’t do something. She had now passed the point of even having a chance of making it to the bathroom. The only thing worse than interrupting the presentation would be doing so as she slowly wet herself in front of everyone. In a panic, she could only think of one desperate plan to avoid completely peeing herself in front of the whole team. She pretended to adjust how she was sitting and sneakily flicked her dress out from underneath her. The chairs were huge and cushy, and while she certainly didn’t trust them with her full bladder, she thought she could probably get away with soaking her seat just a bit. She was convinced if she could just reduce the pressure in her bursting bladder, she could still make it out dry…ish.

As if her bladder had heard her decision, a huge gush of pee rushed out and quickly soaked into the chair. Hannah held her lips tightly together to avoid moaning. She relaxed, letting out another spurt of pee, then another, then another. Each release felt so good and with each one, it became harder and harder to stop. Hannah daydreamed of spreading her legs completely and letting all her pee rush out of her. She pictured it creating a puddle between her legs before pouring onto the floor. As she daydreamed, she squeezed her thighs together tightly a few times to tease herself with pleasure and feel how warm and wet she we becoming.

The meeting was coming to a close now and Hannah was really hoping she had struck the magic balance between avoiding peeing herself and avoiding completely wetting the chair. When everyone stood up to leave the room, she pretended to accidentally knock over her glass of water, and quietly announced she’d run to the bathroom to get paper towels. She walked as fast as possible down the hallway, leaving a tiny trail of pee as she went. The dark carpet camouflaged the wetness and she hoped no one would notice the tiny streams of pee trailing down her legs.

At the end of the hallway, she burst into the bathroom and ran to the last stall while already pulling up her dress. Before she could even lock the stall door she started peeing and quickly gave up to sit down on the toilet with her underwear still on. The bathroom was empty and she couldn’t hold in her audible moans as the pee flooded out of her. She couldn’t believe how good it felt. As her pee stream slowly stopped, she stayed frozen in place to take in all the pleasant tingles flowing through her body.

She wanted to stay longer to catch her breath, but thought she should return quickly with the paper towels. She tossed her underwear in the trash, dried off, and headed back down the hallway. Thankfully the meeting room had cleared, and she was able to dry off the chair as much as possible. She didn’t have any more meetings for the day, but she did need to spend a few hours finishing tasks at her computer before heading back home. While working, she refilled her water cup a few times, now no longer worried since she was just down the hall from a bathroom.

At the end of the day, she made one final bathroom trip as usual before heading home. When she got back to her car, she changed into some clean gym clothes she had in the trunk and started off on her long drive home. As she drove, she listened to music and made a mental list of the few errands she needed to run that afternoon. She had to make three quick stops on the way home: the bank, the post office, and the dry cleaners. She had started to once again notice signals from her bladder that she needed to pee, but she didn’t think running the errands should be an issue since they’d all be quick. The events earlier that day made her momentarily question her decision, but even though her bladder felt pretty full, she didn’t feel desperate to pee yet.

As she pulled up to her first stop, she fidgeted briefly in her seat while gathering her things and headed into the bank. With each errand, her bladder filled, and her desperation increased unusually quickly. She hadn’t considered how weak her bladder was from holding so long that morning, and she found herself doing a subtle pee dance in line by the time she got to the dry cleaners. She tried to figure out how she was once again in this situation as she marched in place and loaded her dry-cleaned clothes into the car. It was only a few minutes to her house now and she was still sure she could make it.

The last few traffic lights felt like an eternity and Hannah was once again rocking back and forth in her seat. She had no interest in paying to have her car seats cleaned and was dead set on making it home dry. As she pulled up and the garage door slowly opened, she squeezed the steering wheel hard and begged her bladder to hold on just a little longer. She got out of the car and squeezed her crotch hard as she jogged in place. Without thinking clearly, she had started to try to gather her things from the car with her free hand to take inside. She was reaching her absolutely limit and her legs were shaking with the effort it was taking to hold on.

It was at that moment that Hannah realized she was now alone in the privacy of her garage. She took one last glance back to make sure the door had closed and leaned back onto her car. She took her hand from her crotch and spread her legs to release a huge flood of pee into her leggings. First it spread across her butt, then her thighs, and finally down into a slowly growing puddle on the ground. She could hear the pee hissing out of her and the pee pouring directly through her leggings splashed loudly on the concrete floor. She rubbed her hands all around her thighs and bum, feeling the warm wetness. Each time she thought her bladder was empty, a new stream of pee started and a new wave of relief.

Hannah closed her eyes to take in each of the sensations and feel the pleasure pulsing through her. She had felt so much tension building all day and desperately wanted release. She slid her hand into her soaking underwear and gasped as she softly stroked her clit. Images of earlier in the day floated through her mind as she remembered the thrill of releasing spurt after spurt of pee into her chair. She had never lost control like that, and the memory of pee bursting through her underwear brought her closer and closer to release. Her strokes quickened and her legs began to shake from exhaustion and ecstasy as she was overtaken with wave after wave of intense orgasm. She felt warmth and wetness spreading once again as she began peeing into her already soaked leggings, not even trying to hold back her loud moans.

She leaned there breathlessly, taking in how amazing she felt, and smiling to herself about what she had just done. She couldn’t believe she had just completely peed her pants, but was already considering how she might do it again.

