A Contribution (Requesting Ideas)

Author: SinceWhen

*000*2022-06-10 18:47

Greetings to whoever may read this. I've been lurking on this site for a few years now, and figured it is time I contributed to the community. So here I am.

I am requesting ideas to make a story, doesn't really matter who participates and/or what ideas are given, but just know I will avoid humiliation and scat as I do not prefer it. I am only going to be posting one story, and my intention is to use the feedback to improve and judge myself as a writer before I begin a full novel I've had in mind.

I'll accept ideas for a week, but I may be busy soon so please be patient if I don't respond.

*002*2022-06-15 19:18

I'd had to check it out first to understand the characters & general plot, but sure.

$

*004*2022-06-17 10:54

Thanks! I will still write the fanfiction if Strange still wants it, but I also figure I may as well use an idea or two from that thread to show what level I am at currently. Which means 2 stories instead of 1. So, expect something soon!

*005*2022-06-17 20:18

Also, I saw your mech comment, and have chosen it as one of the requests I will use in my story (I enjoy mechs but am not too knowledgeable about them so, I will have to do some research on it). I wanna combine fantasy & science fiction, because it is rare to see. As well as give omorashi a good and purposeful reason for existing in the story. I will probably include 3 to 4 requests from the thread if I find any more I am interested in, because the more the better right?

