Harry Potter fanfiction (chapter 3)

Author: Shardik19

*000*2020-11-18 19:50

3.

A warm shape collided with Vera and almost knocked her down had she not caught herself on her suitcase. She had barely rounded the corner into the trains corridor and Brittany had thrown herself onto her.

“Hey! Oh Im so glad to see you! The time isn’t the same without you around eh? Here, I saved the seats by the snack trolley.”

Vera planted a big kiss on Brittany’s cheek before getting into the cabin.

“You’re a beauty Brit! I missed you. At least we’ve got a few hours on this train to catch up on our summers. I want to hear all about this Muggle boy. Are they different?”

Brit closed the sliding door as they sat across form each other.

“It wasn’t that bad. I thought that maybe, it would be tiny, because of the theory that all wizards use enlarging spells down there. But no, it was about the same as a magic dick haha!”

“Well that’s good to know! If I ever get with a muggle I wont have to use an Engorging charm.” Vera chuckled. “Is he going to be writing you this semester? Did you tell him you’re a witch?”

“No I didn’t! He kept trying to buy me stuff and asking about numbers. Muggles are so odd to me. Did you meet anyone this summer?”

“No I mostly laid low. Helped my parents work on the gardens so they can harvest a bunch of food I wont get to eat.”

Brittany waited exactly the minimum amount of time after Vera’s response to delve back into her own escapades without being overtly rude. “He wanted me to 'go for a drive’ with him. What is that? Just going around…”

Vera let her speak as her thoughts drifted back to her bladder. She grabbed her water bottle while acknowledging Brittany and took a long swell of water.

“Let’s see if we can’t have some fun on this train.”

“Here Brit have some water, it’s important to stay hydrated.”

“You’re so right. I’m actually dying right now, and you know what the best part is?” she grabbed her wand and tapped the side of the water bottle, which began filling with water “I’m a witch again!”

“Hell yeah we are! Couple of badass witches. Finish off that bottle and let me fill it up! That looked fun! We’ll each drink one more so were hydrated.”

They both did and Vera could already feel the liquid hitting her. Brit looked out the window and Vera noticed her hand shift subconsciously to her crotch. Vera knew that the food trolleys would start making their rounds soon with the first round of snacks. She also knew that if Brit left to the bathroom now she would get stuck behind the snack cart and miss out. A tap on the bottle filled it and with a smile she drank half of it before passing it over to Brittany. She drank from it slowly and wondered out loud where everyone else was.

“I didn’t see anyone, except Professor Longbottom. I’m planning to continue my extracurricular herbology studies this year.” Vera said with a grin.

“Man Vera you are the baddest witch in the year hands down”

Vera accepted that merely by widening her grin “I fucked up Vera. I cant make it to the bathroom in time. I’ll miss the snacks! I drank two coffees this morning too, ugh I’m going to explode!”

“You’ll be fine Brit. Just sit back and breathe slow. Divert your thoughts, tell me more about this muggle, what was his name-”

“Nope! I’m going now! I’m going to run and beat the carts!”

Vera stood up, turned around and sat right square on Brittany’s lap.

“ You’re not going anywhere missy. It just so happens that I also have to pee Brit. It also just so happens, that I have a solution to our dilemma. But you’re going to have to bend you’re instincts a little.”

Vera leaned deeper into Brittany’s lap, pressing back against her breasts with her shoulders.

“Mmmm Vera you’re really pushing against my crotch. It’s not exactly helping! Oh Vera! Vera- ahh no I can’t hold it!”

One final squeak of resistance left Brittany, along with the first flood of urine onto the seat. Vera could hear it streaming out of her body and started to feel wetness on the backs of her thighs. The warmth sent a chill through Vera’s body and she let go control of her bladder as well. It was puddling in Brittany’s crotch and starting to flow down Vera’s thighs, the first few drops spattering on the ground. A sigh of relief that was also a moan of pleasure escaped Vera as she moved her wand in arcs around their legs, moving upwards and evaporating the wetness.

“Oh wow that’s so smart” Brittany adjusted herself under Vera “keep doing that, I’m going to keep peeing right here on this seat. That feels good!”

Vera extinguished the rest of their mess with a few passes of her wand and resumed her seat across from Brittany.

“That’s how I spent most of my summer, except I didn’t have an evaporating spell I could use! Mmm it feels so good! Isn’t it warm in your pants?”

“I definitely didn’t hate it.” Brit said.

“Let’s make a bet for this semester Brit. If you can pee with me in each of our different classes, then I’ll recommend you join for my extracurricular studies with Professor Longbottom.”

“You’ll be peeing too?”

“Yes, we will do it all together. You saw how easy it was. You have nothing to lose, except your chance to experience a Professor.” As Vera said it she knew she had her.

“OK fine. But this better be as good as you’ve cooked it up to be.”

There was a rap on the door by the snack vendor, Brittany’s eyes snapped to focus.

“Perfect timing! I know exactly what I’m getting!”

Vera smiled with laughter that reached all the way to her eyes and she reached to open the door.

