The beasts Hex. Triss - Geralt - Witcher fanfic

Author: Spurgle

*000*2020-04-02 11:01

Hope you guys enjoy! I will say I got a little carried away with the narrative and for some omo content may be a little on the light side but nontheless, I hope you guys will enjoy it!

Also written entirely on my phone... sooo yeahhhh.

The year was 1274. War ravaged Temaria and Redania, Velen was a barren land of misery. Mostly occupied by terrified peasants and bandits, the rule of law had long since been eroded and death stalked the land. Novigrad was not much better, since Radovid occupied the city, the witch hunts were in full, deadly swing. Fear gripped the city. On the long nights of winter good folk would cower in their homes, half anticipating the dreadful arrival of the witch hunters. Many were burnt. Good, decent people burnt alive, for simply being different. Very few dared traverse the once proud and glorious city and fewer still ventured beyond their villages in Velen. That is except my good friend, Geralt of Rivia.

It was a tough time being a Witcher. There were plenty of contracts but the pay was poor and the risks were always great, amplified through these times by the ever changing military landscape. But ply his trade he did. He killed wraiths for rich merchants, he ridded villages of nekkers, ghouls, drowners and other assorted beasts. He defeated leshens in the woods, so humans could reclaim the land, all of this and more for a pittance off pay.

However, the tale I will tell is as unusual as it was well payed. It required a fierce combination of silver, magic and intelligence to rid the land of perhaps the most unusual beast ever encountered. My name is Dandelion, so sit back and regale at the marvels this world has to offer.

The clouds were dark and moody, the rain had been lashing the blood drenched soil for days. The mud was a veritable quagmire of blood, corpses, lost possessions and abandoned military equipment. Carts lay abandoned at the side of the road, along with the once treasured possessions of the owners. Their bodies often lay nearby, as if somehow trying to hold onto what little life had provided for them. It was a sullen day indeed.

“It would be nice to know where we are going, when we left Crows Perch you said you’d tell me what it is we’re meant to be doing. I can see the towers of Oxenfurt and still...” Geralt broke the silence which had gripped the duo for the last few hours. To say he wasn’t happy, would be an understatement. Even with his lack of emotions, his indignation was clear.

“It’s best you don’t know. You’ll learn more when we arrive” I think this was a piece offering on the part of our favourite sorceress Triss Merrigold, but it did little to improve the mood of our brooding Witcher.

Geralt offered a grunt in response. Our hero had known Triss a long time and like all sorceress she was stubborn to the core, if she didn’t want to say. She simply wasn’t going to.

“What happened to that fiend contract? I heard there were... issues” Triss offered, her tone playful and sarcastic.

“Hmm. Thought you mages knew everything, guess your megascope backfired”

“Come on Geralt, I’m just teasing. Tell me what happened”

He grunted and took a deep breath.

“I heard word of a monster abducting Nilfgaard soldiers outside their camp, there was no notice but military contracts pay well so I went to investigate. I arrived at the camp where the sentry tried to extort money for access to the camp”

“Oh dear. How’d that end up?” Chuckled miss Merrigold.

“I told him I have two swords, so if I stick one up his ass it won’t be missed”

Triss shook her head and chuckled, typical Geralt, she thought to herself.

“Anyway I made my way to the quartermasters tent, biggest tent in the camp, black with the gold sun stitched into the fabric. I went in and asked the quartermaster about the contract, he said he’d pay 300 crowns..”

“Wait” interrupted Triss “300 crowns for a fiend? That doesn’t sound right?”

“Typical Nilfgaard I thought. Anyway, I said it was 700, or the beast could continue killing soldiers until he was the last one standing”

“What’d he say to that?” Inquired Triss.

“He said it would be cheaper to send a squad of good men into the woods to kill the beast themselves”

“Yeah, it’s a good way to kill your own men unnecessarily” exclaimed the sorceress.

“I told him he could send every soldier in the camp and give the fiend a feast, which would make it bigger and stronger and much more expensive for a Witcher to kill”

“Take it he gave in?”

“Hmm. He offered 550 and a new saddle for Roach, I accepted. It’s hard to find a decent saddle”

“Doesn’t sounds too bad I guess”

“I picked up the scent of rotting corpses as soon as I left the camp on the eastern side. I crossed the river and noticed a soldiers boot and a trail of blood. I followed it, eventually came to the fiends lair. There were bodies everywhere, all unrecognisable. The fiend was sleeping so I coated my sword in oil and struck it in the hind, it reared up and charged me, I dodged and hit it with aard to keep it off balance. I made a strike towards its head, but I struck it’s horn. Fucking sword snapped in half”

“Haha! The Mighty Witcher’s sword, defeated by a fat fiend. Dandelion will love this one”

“Hmm. So I’m now armed with a dagger, it’s coming at me hard and I’m rolling and spinning trying to work out what the hell just happened”

“So what was it? Defect in the silver?” Inquired Triss.

“No. When I went into the tent, I had to leave my swords outside. I left my steel sword with Roach but left my silver sword propped against the tent. Turns out, some blobtit had taken it to be sharpened and replaced it with a standard issue steel sword”

“Haha! You are kidding? Did they not notice it wasn’t an army issue scabbard?”

“No”

“Brilliant. So what happened to the fiend? I hope you didn’t fight it with a halfling sword?”

“I had no choice Triss. It kept charging and trying to impale me with it’s horns, I kept dodging but I couldn’t do that for all eternity. So I trapped it with yrden, jumped on its back and stabbed it through both eyes. It bucked me off. I was laying flat on my back, it couldn’t see, but it could smell me. I rolled clear and climbed up a tree”

“Oh my god, this just gets better” exclaimed Triss almost in full hysterics by this point.

“What happened next?”

“Not telling”

“Come on, you can’t leave me hanging like this!”

“Hmph. You tell me where we’re going and I’ll tell you the ending”

Triss smiled with a look of grudging approval.

“Later”

By this point our illustrious duo had reached Oxenfurt and were riding across the bridge over the Pontar. The western bridge was a marvel, huge stone towers at each bank suspending a road across the river. Truly magnificent.

Now dear reader I can hear you saying, haven’t I lost the point? Maybe a little, yes. However bare with me cause all is to be revealed.

Now decanted from horse back and walking side by side, each leading their own horse, Triss guided the pair towards the home of a special Oxenfurt citizen. His name was Lobard Marek. Once upon a time Lobard was a feared warrior, fighting for King Foltest of Temaria in all manner of conflicts. These days however, he was little more than a rich old man with lots of friends and a very serious problem.

The pair entered the lavish property. It was beautifully appointed with all manner of expensive materials and beast heads hung on the walls. Geralt was more interested in the beast heads than anything else, including his purpose for being there.

Triss and Lobard exchanged pleasantries, it remains unclear just how they knew each other, perhaps it’s best we don’t know. But it all seemed quite jovial, however Triss did seem a little troubled in some way. Geralt was more or less oblivious to the conversation, he was still brooding cause he still didn’t know what was going on.

The minutes whittled away but before long Triss had left Lobard with a large purse of coins, it was now Triss disclosed exactly what they were doing there.

“It’s like this Geralt. We’re dealing with something, truth is I don’t know what it is. Lobard is in the dark too, but this creature has been killing people indiscriminately for two weeks now. Two days ago his friend was killed”

“Monsters kill, what’s so unusual?”

“It’s the way they died. Nobody died in the same way, some were killed by spiders, some by snakes, others by wraiths, the list goes on”

“Hmm. That is unusual” Getalt’s interest was piqued. “Got any leads”

“Kind of yeah. Apparently there’s a guy that survived, he lives out in the Oxenfurt woods. I think we should talk to him”

Geralt agreed and the pair set off for the woods.

The rain was still lashing. Both were soaked to the skin. Geralt had extra protection from his armour but Triss, with her flowing black dress adorned with gold thread, she was exposed to the elements. Her trademark red hair seemed miraculously dry, probably a spell of some description. Thankfully they were soon at the survivors home.

Geralt peered into the window and saw an old man writing at an old wooden desk, the room was dimly lit, so Geralt was surprised he could even write at all. A harmless old man, Geralt thought to himself. Triss had went to the door and began knocking.

“Would you mind waiting here Geralt, don’t wanna scars him?” Geralt nodded in approval.

The old man answered the door, he looked younger somehow in a better light. His clothes were I’ll fitted and dirty, it was possibly the dirt that was holding them together.

“I heard you were attacked by a monster, I would be grateful if you could tell me everything you remember” asked the sorceress.

“Come in out the rain young lady” his voice was breaking and frail, quite obviously the attack had taken a lot out of him.

Triss entered and the door shut behind her. It was warm and she was relieved to be out the rain at long last.

She studied the room, it was plain and empty, seemed odd anyone could live such a basic existence.

“Miss Merrigold, I’ve been waiting a long time to meet you”

Surprised Triss enquired how he knew her.

“I know a lot. I know people’s greatest fears, I can sense it. I know your childhood, I know what happened when you were a girl. I know a lot”

Triss backed away slowly. She went for the door but It was blocked with a magic barrier, a powerful one.

“You can’t leave miss Merrigold, I shall not allow it”

Realising her predicament she fired off a ball of fire straight at the old man. As it approached, it disappeared into nothing.

“Miss Merrigold now that is naughty. You’ve been a bad girl”

Triss felt strange. A kind of inner peace came over her, she was very calm as if none of this was happening.

Her bladder contracted and a gush of pee sprayed forth. Her once pristine white panties with ornate flowers, turned dark and warmth came over her nether-region. Her pee splashed against the solid surface of the floor and left a dark stain. Her cheeks blushed red, but inside she was still calm. The pee kept coming, like a waterfall from within.

Before long her panties could take no more and the fabric had became all but see through,her most intimate area exposed to the world. Her calmness was unsettling. She was seemingly hexed.

“Your greatest fear is exposed. Your fear at losing control in any element of your life is now plain for all to see”

In mere moments the great sorceress Triss Merrigold, had been brought down to little more than a quivering girl in need of protection.

Geralt was still outside, oblivious to the peril Triss found herself in. Geralt had began talking to a passing peasant about a drowner contract and were haggling on a fee.

Inside the old man was gone. Triss stood motionless and all was quiet, except for the drips of pee still falling from her panties. She was still hexed, whoever he was, his power was immense.

Inside her mind Triss relived her childhood, all the memories she had tried hard to forget were coming back. The time she wet the bed whilst travelling with a troupe of performers and the desperate act of concealing the accident. The time she was caught peeing naked in a field whilst drunk and the time she made herself a garment that would lick away moisture to hide such accidents. All this and more came flooding back.

Triss opened her eyes and stood before her was a woman, a woman she had known from long ago. She could not remember her name but they had sexual relations once upon a time.

The woman approached, knelt on the floor and began licking her wet panties. Triss moaned in pleasure, her body was trembling and her thoughts were scrambled. Her legs shook, seemingly in tandem with the motion of the woman’s head movement. Her tongue was quick and loose, at times she even sucked the pee from the sodden panties.

It was hard to tell who was enjoying it more.

The woman grabbed the sorceress’ panties and pulled them down to her ankles. The taste was sweet on the tongue, the occasional droplet of pee the only bitterness to be found.

Still she moshed.

The woman lay beneath Triss and no sooner, did the pee spring forth again. A torrent stream of golden warmth splashed onto the woman’s breasts, where it pooled before dribbling down her side to finally pool at her ass. One stream had began venturing towards her pussy, where it squelched a little as her fingers played with her clit. Both women were naked and soaked in pee.

Triss dropped to her knees and began tongue play with the woman’s pussy, again an overly sweet taste. She grabbed her breasts and let out a moan. Her own fingers drifted and before long she was playing with herself, she gripped her wet panties in her other hand, seemingly enjoying the sensation it was providing.

Geralt was still outside, but time had passed and he was becoming concerned. He looked through the window to see the image I have presented before you. He immediately tried to enter through the door, no use, magic barrier. He tried the window, same problem.

He ran to Roach and retrieved a dimeritium bomb and threw it at the door in the hope it would break the spell. It didn’t. He swung his silver sword at it. No use. He was running out of ideas, Geralt had a theory that Triss was in the possession of a very powerful higher vampire. In his mind it was the only solution that made sense. Shapeshifting, telepathy, strong magic and mind control were all traits of higher vampires. All geralt had to do was get inside.

Geralt decided if he couldn’t get inside, he would either have to break the hold over Triss or somehow lure the beast out.

It felt like a hopeless situation, there was simply no easy way to save Triss. He was sure Triss could break the magic barrier but first he had to break the beasts hold over her.

He took some time to think, reflecting on everything he had learnt and experienced from all his years on the road. He figured this beast was driven psychologically, so maybe if Geralt could get into her head, then he could break the beasts hold.

He figured Axi was worth a try. He climbed onto the roof, he roof was made only of straw and wattling so breaking it apart was no issue, the magic barrier prevented him from entering, but he was close enough to hex Triss.

He hexed the sorceress and the beasts hold grew weaker. Before long Geralt had disappeared before her eyes. Where he had gone, she did not know.

That was probably for the best. Geralt had been taken from our world and transported to the vampires own realm, a world of torture and anguish where his countless victims, relive their own torture and pain everyday. This in turn makes the beast stronger and bolder. Geralt knew that had been tricked and Triss was the target all along. He did battle with the beast.

Triss had cleaned herself up, dried her panties using a spell and did the same for the floor. Her memory was vacant, except for the pleasure she had felt in those moments, she knew then the spell had been broken.

Geralt returned to our world, sword in one hand and the beasts head in other. He did not know this but he had been gone for eight hours. He spent time filling Triss in about what he had learnt in the beasts realm. Including the elaborate hoax to bring them there. Lobard, did not exist, he was the vampire in another form. The beast had taken the form of another to get into the head of Triss and had taken a near boundless hold over her thoughts and feeling.

Geralt asked our sorceress exactly what had happened, she replied that she did not know and did not want to talk about it. Fair enough, Geralt though, quite the ordeal.

“Sooo what did happen with that fiend contract?” Asked Triss mischievously.

“Oh yeah. Where was I?”

“Hiding up a tree”!

“Hmm. Well I was up there nearly an hour before some Nilgaardian soldiers turned up, they realised a mistake had been made and follow my tracks into the woods”

“That was kind of them! The great Geralt of Rivia, hiding up a tree!”

“Hmm. I shouted at them to drop my sword and run away, which they did. I came down, got my sword and finished the beast off. End of story”

“Huh” Triss was perplexed “that’s not how Dandelion told it at all”

“You really surprised by that?”

I think we’ll leave that there folks.....

