Bursting at Work: My Coworker Loses Control

Author: ShareTea333

*000*2025-05-16 05:33

Bursting at Work: My Coworker Loses Control

I recently started a new job at a company that builds new homes. In my role, you go out to the homes to meet new clients and contractors to help them fill out the necessary paperwork. My first two weeks consisted of on-the-job training with my new coworker, Sarah. Sarah is in her early 30’s and super friendly, but I can also tell she takes her job very seriously.

I already have a favorite quality of Sarah’s – she often gets so invested in her work that she puts off going to the bathroom a bit too long. I’ve noticed she will always hold it until she has to start subtly squirming in chair or stepping from foot to foot. Then she’ll promptly power-walk to the restroom. I assume she doesn’t want to look unprofessional doing a little pee-dance while at work. I do wonder if she really is just distracted by her work or if she secretly likes the feeling of a full bladder.

One day last week, I was sitting next to Sarah at the computer on a Zoom call with our manager. About halfway through the zoom call, I started to notice Sarah’s familiar little wiggles she does when she needs to pee. She was always refilling her giant water bottle and this morning we had both gotten a large tea on our break. As the call went on, she alternated between quietly wiggling her bum back and forth in her seat and fanning her legs open and shut. She was wearing a cute white shirt and a pencil skirt that was keeping her from fanning her legs very wide. I saw her glance at her watch a few times and anxiously sigh. We needed to leave any minute for our next site visit and our manager was still droning on and on. I knew Sarah was calculating how quickly she’d need to pee to keep from making us late to the next appointment.

As soon as the call ended, Sarah jumped up and said, “Let’s leave in 5?!” She immediately walked over to the drawer where we kept the bathroom key. I heard her loudly rustling through everything in the drawer when she quietly muttered to herself, “no no no! Not AGAIN!” I asked if everything was alright and she tried to act casual when she said, “Occasionally Lisa (another coworker) will put the bathroom key in her pocket and accidentally take it home with her when she leaves for the day.” She followed it with a joke, “I keep saying we need to attach something huge to that key!” We both laughed, but I could tell by her body language she was worried. I had never been so thankful I had used the bathroom right before Lisa left. The homes we visit are in all different stages of construction, and some don’t have a working bathroom.

On the drive over, Sarah seemed to have a renewed sense of resolve and determination. She was taking deep breaths and I imagined her saying to her herself in her head, “Well, there’s nothing I can do about it, so I’m just going to have to hold it. I’m an adult, I can do it.” But even with all her resolve, she pulled in her left leg to sit on her heel when we were about 5 minutes from our destination. In my peripheral vision, I could see her grinding her crotch into her heel and slightly bouncing up and down in her seat. She quickly glanced over at me to be sure I wasn’t looking, embarrassed for me to know how desperate she was getting. As we pulled up to the property, I recognized it as one we had been to the week prior that did not have a finished bathroom.

I felt genuinely bad for Sarah’s predicament, but also couldn’t help but feel that familiar feeling of excitement. We arrived before the client and Sarah quickly walked down the foot path, already rummaging in her giant tote bag for the key as she went. As we got to the porch, she crossed her legs tightly and let out a frustrated sigh because she couldn’t find the key. She put her bag down on the railing to continue looking, and as she bent down, I could tell her skirt was putting pressure on her bladder. Her legs were pressed tightly together and she began to stick her left hip out as she bent her knees and bobbed up and down. I could tell how desperate she was getting by how impatient she seemed, because it was quite out of character.

She eventually got the door open and burst into the house, quickly dropped her bag on the counter, and walked down the hallway in the direction of the bathroom. I knew she was anxiously hoping the bathroom had been finished since the last time we were there. I heard her footsteps abruptly stop at the end of the hallway, which I knew must have meant it still wasn’t finished. As I walked through the living room to open the blinds, I caught a glance of her at the end of the hallway. She was leaning against the wall and had her skirt hiked up and her hand jammed into her crotch. I knew she must have been trying to summon some new strength and composure before coming back out to the kitchen/living room area.

After a few moments, she adjusted her skirt, walked back out with a forced sense of calm, and commented on how the client was late. She started to pace around briskly pretending to inspect different things, always staying in motion. She then said she would check her email to see if they had contacted her and pulled her laptop out and set it on the giant kitchen island. As she tried to check her email, standing still was clearly increasing the urgency of her need. She started to do a full-on pee dance and didn’t seem like she could help it even if she tried. She was alternating between quickly stepping from foot to foot, stomping one leg up and down, and crossing her legs while swinging her hips. At one point, she suddenly made a sharp inhale and hoisted her left hip up on to one of the bar chairs at the island. She left one leg hanging off so she could grind her crotch into the edge of the seat as hard as she could.

She whipped out her phone and dialed my manager, who I could vaguely hear on the other end of the line. As Sarah talked on the phone, she started pacing the room again, except this time she would periodically stop to try anything that might help her keep the floodgates shut. She straddled the arm of the couch as best she could in her skirt and pushed her pee hole into it, begging for relief. She leaned on the edge of the dining table, rocking back and forth. She even took some short trips down the hallway where I’m sure she took the opportunity to hold herself while hidden from view.

Despite Sarah’s multiple attempts at pitching creative reasons why we should leave the property and come back, surely so that she could sneak in a bathroom stop, our boss kept insisting that this was a very valuable client and it would look unprofessional if he arrived and no one was there to greet him. Sarah finally hung up the phone with an eye roll and exasperated sigh. Since the company policy was that new hires couldn’t be left alone at a property site for 30 days, Sarah was stuck.

I continued to act really invested in the training manual I had brought along with me, not knowing how to react to the situation. Sarah started to type furiously at her keyboard to distract herself from her current state. I knew she was in trouble when she slid her laptop around the island to the side opposite of me to make sure I could only see her from the waist up. In her reflection in the sliding glass door to the backyard, I could see she had pulled her skirt halfway up and was using one hand to type while holding herself with the other as she marched her feet up and down.

I could tell when she was having a big bladder spasm because she would step one leg back into a lunge position and bounce up and down in place while breathing heavily. During one of her lunges, she suddenly gasped and I heard a quick stream of pee hit the hardwood floor. She froze in place and her eyes immediately darted to me to see if I had also heard it. I pretended to be completely unphased and totally absorbed in my reading. Without moving her legs, she looked around frantically and spotted a rag on the counter. She tried to sneakily knock it on to the floor and then slid it around with her foot to soak up the tiny puddle. She was reaching her limit and was still clearly bursting.

Her desperate chaos continued on the other side of the counter for another minute or so before, without warning, she bolted to the sliding glass door. She frantically jogged in place and fiddled with the lock, pausing only once to use both hands to grab herself tightly from the front and the back. She eventually got the lock undone and flung the door open, running into the backyard. As she ran, she started to lift up her skirt, spurting into her underwear with every step. I could see the pee dribbling down her legs and she left a trail of little drops on the cement. She ducked behind the tiniest tree ever, which gave the illusion of privacy, but hid nothing. All in one motion, she squatted down, pulled her wet underwear to the side, and released an absolute torrent of pee. I could hear the hissing followed by splashing as it hit the ground and she watched with her mouth slightly open in disbelief.

After a few seconds of the pee pouring out of her, her eyes started to roll back as she let out a deep sigh followed by a soft moan. In the heat of the moment, I could tell she had completely lost awareness of her surroundings. My breath caught in my chest as I saw her slowly reach down with her hand and gently massage her clit as the pee flowed. Her back began to arch and as her pee continued to stream, she was overcome with waves and waves of intense orgasm.

I was in complete shock of what I had just witnessed and had never pretended so hard not to be aware of something in my life! As she came back to reality, she inspected the damage and slid off her underwear. She pulled down her skirt, which was impressively unscathed, and tossed her wet underwear in the dumpster on her way back into the house. As she walked in and closed the sliding door, her cheeks were flushed and she was still catching her breath. We avoided eye contact and she immediately went back to typing on her computer. Now, two days later, things are back to normal, but she still hasn’t mentioned anything about it!

*009*2025-06-12 07:24

{{On 6/10/2025 at 5:50 AM, daisyduke said:

I love how she tried everything to keep it in, ive done all of that too xD Id loveee to read more from u!

}}

I love that you've tried all those things too! And thank you! I just posted a new one. 🙂

