The Forbidden Section -- A FFXIV Story

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-05-07 05:25

Here's another commissioned story from me! This one's a bit special, though. This story was swimming around in my mind for a while, and I finally got to write it! It stemmed from the idea that Y'shtola would prioritize gaining access to forbidden tomes over worrying about her bodily needs! This one has some pretty big Endwalker spoilers in it, based on where it's set and things discussed in it, so consider this a spoiler warning! For everyone who's caught up/not worried about FFXIV spoilers, though, I hope you all enjoy!

The Forbidden Section

Y’shtola Rhul leaned against the wall in the halls of the Forum, waiting with her arms crossed to be called in. Usually the Forum building was filled with Forum members and other bureaucrats running around and making sure everything was in order, but during the Forum meetings, the ornate halls were eerily quiet.

Suddenly, the large wooden door creaked open and one of the Forum members poked her head out, beckoning the Scion.

“Your request is up for review, please enter.”

“Thank you,” Y’shtola nodded. She followed the Forum member into the hall and stepped down the stairs to stand at the center of the room, before the entire Forum.

“Lady Y’shtola,” the Forum’s current Speaker, and old Elezen with deep set wrinkles who she didn’t recognize, looked over at her, “You have submitted a request for unrestricted access to the Noumenon’s forbidden section. The Forum has summoned you here to discuss your request and deliver our decision on the matter. Our determination will be final, and there shall be no avenues of appeal, though should you find our decision today unsavory, you may resubmit your request no sooner than three moons from this date. Are these terms acceptable, Archon?”

“Yes,” Y’shtola nodded, standing firm even as her heart raced. Unrestricted access to the forbidden tomes of the Nomenon was a coveted privilege to even the most accomplished Sharlayan scholars, and a rare one at that.

“First, please state your name and occupation for the Forum.”

“Y’shtola Rhul. Aetherologist and a former member of the Scions of the Seventh Dawn.”

“That is the now-disbanded Eorzean organization who previously devoted their efforts into the restoration of the Students of Baldesion, correct?”

“Yes. We were also recently involved in the project to complete the Ragnarok and the expedition to put an end to the Final Days, as you may very well recall.”

The Forum erupted into hushed discussion, and the Speaker called for order. As soon as the hall was silent again, he continued.

“We have not yet forgotten your role in aiding Sharlayan, and the star as a whole,” the Speaker nodded, “Yet let us not forget that this matter is merely that of research, and does not involve the safety of this nation or the star. Unless you failed to state such matters when you submitted your request?”

“No, I did not,” Y’shtola answered curtly, “This request is strictly for my continued research into aetherology, and to further my own pursuits. While I do not doubt that the information locked away in the Noumenon could prove fruitful for the safety of Sharlayan and the star, I cannot claim that my current request is connected to any imminent threats.”

“Very well,” the Speaker nodded, “And it is for this reason that the stated purpose of your request was listed as ‘research and the pursuit of knowledge’, I presume.”

“That is correct.”

“Do you have any additional comments to state now, for the Forum,” the Speaker asked, “Any other reasons why we should grant you unrestricted access to forbidden tomes? Knowledge that has, throughout the course of our history, been deemed too dangerous for even those who have achieved the rank of Archon to access freely?”

Y’shtola closed her eyes and took a deep breath before looking around the room at the faces. Some were familiar to her, others were obscured by the veils worn by some Forum members. She caught sight of Fourchenault awaiting her response, his expression as impassive as any others. She knew that her written request was merely a formality, and that any real attempt at convincing the Forum to grant her request came now.

“It is because this nation has instilled in me a great curiosity that I pursue all knowledge. That curiosity has driven me to study under Master Matoya, one of the greatest minds Sharlayan has known. It has possessed me to spend countless hours pouring over the tomes of the Great Gubal Library, even long after this nation abandoned it. This is nothing less than the continuation of my life’s pursuits. There is information in the Noumenon that can further my understanding of aether, of life, of this very star and beyond. What kind of Archon- nay, what kind of scholar would I be if I did not doggedly pursue every avenue of inquiry, pour through every tome that might hold the answers I seek?”

“That’s all well and good, Archon,” another Forum member spoke up, “But need I remind you that the forbidden section is deemed as such because that information is dangerous! There is a reason that we don’t let anyone access it without reason. What you requested is unrestricted access.”

“Yes, but let us not forget what she, and the rest of the Scions, recently did for this star!” another voice chimed in, “Do you really think she would use forbidden knowledge for wanton destruction?”

“Yes, we remember the Scions and their heroics,” yet another member nodded, “But let us not forget that before that they were causing trouble for us, right as fear of the Final Days was ramping up, no less. They disobeyed the Forum and undermined our efforts!”

“Indeed,” this time, it was Fourchenault that spoke up, “But do not forget that they made the right call. In our arrogance we denied them answers and painted them as little better than criminals, and yet it was ultimately their efforts that did more to preserve the life of this star than we could’ve ever hoped to achieve.”

The crowd once again erupted into argument, and the Speaker called out, “Order, order! Please, let us stay on the topic of Archon Rhul’s request to be granted access to the forbidden section, not of any of her or the other Scion’s past transgressions, or our mistakes.”

The Forum settled down, and Y’shtola felt all eyes settle on her as the Speaker continued.

“Now, let us cast the vote. All in favor of granting Y’shtola Rhul’s request?”

A number of hands were raised, and Y’shtola counted the ones she could see without turning around. It looked roughly even, but she had no way of knowing how the people behind her voted, and she did not dare turn around.

“48 in favor to 51 against. The motion fails.”

Y’shtola felt her heart drop, but she would not allow her shoulders to slump. She was disappointed, but showing it now would do nothing to sway the determination.

“However, as the motion is so narrow, I propose a compromise,” the Speaker continued, “I propose the Forum grant Archon Rhul temporary unrestricted access to the Noumenon’s forbidden section for a period of 6 hours from this time, and to allow any further requests for specific information be expedited with the need for approval from only one Forum member, within reason. Would these conditions be acceptable?”

Y’shtola nodded, “Yes.”

“All in favor of this proposed compromise?”

Y’shtola saw nearly every hand that she could see raise up, and she didn’t need to look behind her to know that the vote passed.

Afterwards, she was dismissed, and the Forum promised her that the approval would be forwarded to the Noumenon immediately. She even spotted the Mammet running off to deliver the signed letter to the library. As she left the halls of the Forum building and stepped out into the late morning sun, she let out a deep breath. It felt like all the tension had been released from her body.

She noticed short, quick footsteps approaching, and she looked down and spotted Krile rushing up to meet her.

“You look exceptionally pleased,” Krile noted, “Don’t tell me they actually gave you unrestricted access.”

“No,” Y’shtola shook her head, “Nor did I expect as much. Though they did offer quite a reasonable compromise.”

Y’shtola went over the outcome with Krile, and the lalafell smiled, placing her hands on her hips, “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say this was your plan the whole time. Asking them for something as outrageous as unrestricted access so that any compromise would seem reasonable.”

“Were that I that conniving,” Y’shtola smirked, “When I submitted the request, I did earnestly want to be granted unrestricted access to the Noumenon. After all, Master Matoya was granted access to forbidden tomes by the Forum, and her penchant for dangerous research and inventing aetherial weapons far surpassed my own at the time.”

“At the same time, I imagine you’re quite content with how things turned out,” Krile concluded. Y’shtola could only nod and smile.

“Well, I should get going. They’ve already sent the message to the Noumenon, so the clock is already ticking, so to speak.”

“Very well,” Krile nodded, “You’ll be back at the annex later, I presume?”

“Yes. Perhaps we can discuss my research over some tea.”

Y’shtola and Krile parted ways, and the miqo’te wasted no time making a beeline for the library. She entered the halls of the Noumenon and headed up to the central desk, where a Mammet was already awaiting her arrival.

“Y’shtola Rhul, authorized to access the Forbidden Section for unspecified research purposes for a period of 6 hours. Follow me.”

Y’shtola followed the clockwork machina out of the ground floor and into the halls restricted to archons only, then deeper into the Noumenon, until finally they reached the long hallway leading to the Forbidden Section. The Mammet stopped at the doors and turned around to face her once again.

“Your time starts once you enter. Once the time is up, I or one of the other attendants will come to escort you out. Should you choose to leave early, you will forfeit any remaining time and your approval will expire. Please ensure you are fully prepared before entering.”

Y’shtola conjured up a large notebook and a quill, looking eager to get started.

“I’m quite ready, thank you. Please allow me to enter.”

“Very well.”

The Mammet held its hand out and the chains sealing the Forbidden Sections vanished, allowing the large wooden doors to creak open. Y’shtola entered and looked around the circular room. It was quite large, but compared to the rest of the Noumenon, it was rather modest in size. There weren’t many tomes the Sharlayans saw fit to restrict even for their most accomplished scholars. She glanced up at the clock in the center of the room so she knew what time she would be escorted out. The Forum had only given her 6 hours, so she fully intended to spend all of it buried in books.

Y’shtola hadn’t wanted to restrict her topic of research to one subject, but she had a good starting point in mind; the interaction between aether and dynamis. Since Dynamis was not a largely studied topic, she figured there’d be very limited information on it, but its echos could hide away in unexplained aetheric phenomena. With this as her focus, Y’shtola eagerly stepped towards the first shelf and began scanning the spines of the many tomes, as well as checking the section’s index for anything relevant to aetherial anomalies.

When she was done, she had a collection of tomes gathered up on the floor, and she had made herself a pot of tea she could sip on while reading. She sat down, really wishing the Noumenon had more in the way of chairs, and began skimming through old accounts of odd aetheric interactions.

Y’shtola had only gotten halfway through the first tome before she felt the first telltale signs of her bladder. It was a small, nagging twinge that she felt after pouring her second cup of tea. She frowned. In her eagerness to start her research, she hadn’t considered she’d be stuck in this room for 6 hours without a place to relieve herself. Y’shtola looked up at the clock. Barely a half-hour had passed.

She was a little worried, but this wasn’t the first time she had put off her body’s needs for the sake of her research. It was a bit of a bad habit of hers to get caught up in a book or a tome or some interesting aetherial readings, and in the course of studying them she would completely ignore her bladder until she couldn’t any longer. In her youth, she made many mad dashes to the privy after hours upon hours of studying. It was a habit Y’shtola tried her best to avoid nowadays, but now she had no choice. She refused to forfeit even a single hour of her time here.

Shaking her head and pushing the thought to the back of her mind, Y’shtola continued studying. The only conscious decision she made regarding her bladder was finding a more comfortable position on the floor and reaching for her tea cup far less often. She would only go for it if her lips and throat were dry. Unfortunately, the dry air of the Noumenon, maintained to preserve the books, made this a frequent occurrence.

Y’shtola was on tome number 3 when she ran out of tea in her first pot. She shuffled slightly, feeling a slight pressure starting to build up in her bladder. She glanced up at the clock. 5 hours left. She had made significant headway on her notes, and was even starting to glean a pattern in the anomalies that had piqued her curiosity, so her desire to learn as much as she could in her allotted time overpowered the growing worry that her bladder would fill up faster than her time would run out.

Y’shtola waited a bit before making another pot of tea, all too aware of the beverage’s diuretic effects. Unfortunately for her, however, it also helped her concentrate, and once again the dry air of the Forbidden Section left her parched. She reluctantly put down the tome she was reading and began to prepare another pot of tea, squeezing her legs together as the sound of the water filling the vessel subconsciously reminded her of the relief she would not get for hours.

As her tea brewed, Y’shtola gauged her bladder’s fullness, rubbing her abdomen. It wasn’t urgent yet, more like a nagging sensation that lingered at the back of her mind. Buried in the many tomes of the Forbidden Section, it was all too easy for Y’shtola to ignore the sensation. Yet the moment she thought of it, she felt a nagging wave of pressure hit her, and she was forced to adjust her position.

Once Y’shtola’s tea was done, she took a quick sip, ignoring the discomfort, and returned to her studies, eager to get her mind back on-topic and off of her slowly growing urge. She managed to get into a rhythm. Skimming through pages, spotting an interesting line or passage that pointed to an anomaly, matching it to her other findings, jotting down notes. Y’shtola soon slipped into full research mode, utterly forgetting her bladder and pouring over information, her brain eagerly drinking up every new finding.

She was pleasantly surprised by how consistent the previously unexplained aetheric events lined up with her current understanding of dynamis. While ancient scholars had no way of knowing exactly what was happening, it was clear that the interactions between aether and dynamis were far more prevalent than Y’shtola had previously considered.

Y’shtola eagerly reached over for one of the more promising tomes, a transcription of an old Arkasodara text detailing the concept of akasa. It was only as she bent forwards that she felt a sudden spike of pressure from her bladder, and she was immediately reminded of her needs. She had nearly forgotten needing to pee, but now that it was back at the forefront of her mind, Y’shtola shuffled in her spot and looked up worriedly at the time. 4 hours left.

She bit her lip. Her bladder was filling up faster than she wanted, and worse still, in her focus, she had polished off yet another pot of tea. Y’shtola cleaned up her tea set and shelved it for now. She would rather put up with a parched mouth and dry lips than risk filling up any faster.

Turning her attention back to the book on akasa, she tried to get back into the flow she had been maintaining up until then. Unfortunately, unlike before, the nagging sensation of her filling bladder lingered even through her reading, and served as a background distraction. She was more conscious of her body’s shuffling as she tried not to let her need become so uncomfortable as to drag her out of her focus.

Still, Y’shtola was nothing if not dedicated, and soon she was able to once again push the feeling to the back of her mind. It wasn’t to the point of entirely forgetting it as before, but she got back into her research and even a few nagging pusles from her bladder weren’t enough to pull her out of her books.

However, despite her focus being entirely in her studies, her body could not ignore her bladder. Y’shtola shifted positions more frequently, squeezing her legs together, crossing them, shifting her weight back and forth to try to take some of the growing pressure off her bladder. She was filling steadily, and while it was only lingering in the back of her mind, her need was starting to grow from a minor discomfort to a consistent urge.

As Y’shtola set down another tome and reached for another, she felt a pang from her bladder, and she crossed her legs together and tensed up as she fought back against the urge. With a worried expression, she glanced back up at the clock. There were still 3 hours left. Worse still, spending an hour in the dry air of the Noumenon had parched her. She was thirsty. Yet she knew the risks of making herself another pot of tea.

Instead, she grabbed her cup and filled it instead with water. It would still be filling up on more liquid, something Y’shtola was eager to avoid, but at the very least she could avoid the diuretic effects of another pot of tea, something she really couldn’t risk at the rate she was filling up.

As she sipped on her water, she was hit with another wave from her bladder, and she fought the urge to hold herself as she squeezed her thighs together. She was alone in the Forbidden Section, so she had no practical reason for not openly holding it, but her resistance to the action was for two reasons.

The first was that she simply did not want to act in such an embarrassing and demeaning way, even if no one was around to see it. Y’shtola strived to be composed, refined, and elegant in all things. This wasn’t just an air she put on for others, but something she felt strongly about. The second was that, if she had to resort to holding herself openly this early, she knew her chances of making it another 3 hours were remote.

Y’shtola finished her water and returned to her tomes, trying once again to push her needs to the back of her mind. Of course, as her urge to pee grew, ignoring it became all the more difficult. What she was once able to bury in the back of her mind as she poured over historical accounts and records of aetherial surges, she was now acutely aware of her filling bladder, even as she studied. She was able to maintain her focus, but every once in a while she was torn out of it by a surge of pressure from her abdomen.

Y’shtola was now at the point where, even if she had been studying intensely, she’d likely set her tomes aside and seek out a bathroom. However, that was not an option here. If she left early, not only would she be squandering the gift the Forum had granted her, but her early departure would undoubtedly be recorded. How could Y’shtola justify a future request for unrestricted access if, the last time she was granted it temporarily, she didn’t even use all of it? So she pushed the urge to the back of her mind as best as she could and continued studying.

Unfortunately for her, as her needs grew, her studying slowed down, and it felt like the time did as well. Y’shtola looked up at the clock, feeling like at least another hour had passed. It hadn’t, and she still had 2 and a half hours left. She bit her lip again, shuffling uncomfortably as she ignored the increasing pressure. She rubbed her abdomen again, and was dismayed to feel the tell-tale signs of a bulge. She had a long stretch ahead of her, and she was already this full. Y’shtola knew her body well. She’d definitely be bursting by the time her escort came.

Shaking her head, Y’shtola shifted her position to take as much pressure off her swelling bladder as possible as she reached for another tome. She couldn’t focus on her urge to pee, it would only make things worse. If she could once again bury herself in the tomes, find something interesting to absorb her curiosity, she should be able to push the urgent need to the back of her mind and focus.

That had been her plan, anyway, but as Y’shtola sat there, she found it harder and harder to focus on the tomes she had picked out. Everything was starting to blur together. A surge of aether here, a weird slow of aether here, a dry spell that ruined a city’s crops, a forest fire caused by an overabundance of fire-aspected aether.

Y’shtola felt another wave of urgency shoot through her, and she grasped at the hem of her dress as she shuffled in her spot desperately. She shook her head and stood up. She couldn’t focus on this avenue of research anymore with her full bladder. Moreover, she had requested unrestricted access for a reason. She didn’t just want to come in here and study one thing.

Y’shtola stood up, sending another surge of pressure through her bladder. She danced in place, tempted to jam a hand between her legs, and allowed it to pass. As soon as it did, she headed back towards the shelves, pacing back and forth and crossing her legs as she shuffled in place.

There was another topic she wished to study. A long shot that she doubted she’d find anything about, which is why she hadn’t pursued it until now. She grabbed as many astrology and astronomy tomes as she could carry and shuffled back over to her spot on the floor.

In Ultima Thule, the strange beings known as Ea had stated that she could not comprehend the research they had conducted to lead them to believe the universe was finite and doomed to die. It was a slight that had eaten away at her since that day.

Y’shtola realized it was more of a personal slight than a valid reason for research, and she was by no means an expert in the subject, so researching it was more of a curiosity born from stubbornness than it was a legitimate scholarly pursuit, but she hoped the novelty of looking into it would at least overcome her growing desperation.

Y’shtola bent down to place her new tomes on the growing pile, and another wave of desperation struck her. She bit her lips and squeezed her thighs together, shifting her weight from foot to foot. Her fingers played with the fabric of her dress as she once again fought the urge to grab herself. When Y’shtola finally fought back the wave, she carefully sat back down and grabbed a tome.

Sitting down was much better, and gratefully, Y’shtola had been right. The change of subject and novelty of switching from aetherology to astrology helped her force back her urge to pee. She could still feel her bladder, continuing to swell as it filled with the tea and water she had drank earlier, but at the very least the balance shifted back in favor of her tome. If she were to make any serious attempts at researching the universe, she’d likely need to employ Urianger as someone who was far more familiar with celestial bodies and readings than herself, but at the very least as a jumping-off point, she could familiarize herself with some concepts and record some interesting notes to discuss later.

As Y’shtola tried to stay in study-mode, she was still forced to wriggle and squirm around. She tried to resist the urge to check the time, but curiosity got the better of her and she glanced up. 2 hours left. She swallowed nervously. She hoped time would speed up as she got back into the swing of her research. Unfortunately, every time she got into a rhythm and felt herself getting engrossed in the book, a desperate surge from her bladder would hit her, and she was forced to squeeze her thighs together and clench her teeth as she fought back wave after wave.

Y’shtola had barely finished the first tome before she was hit with another strong wave, and she tried crossing her legs together tightly. It did little to help, as she felt her swollen bladder continue to squeeze out. She felt a few drops leak out and soak into her smallclothes, and her eyes widened. She reached one hand down and urgently clamped it down between her legs, squirming pressing her thighs together until she finally regained control.

Y’shtola blushed, despite no one being around to see her. She felt her face burn in embarrassment, not only at her desperate display, but at the thought that she actually leaked into her pantalettes. It had been quite some time that she had been so desperate that she actually leaked. She reluctantly looked up at the clock. 1 hour and 30 minutes.

Y’shtola bit her lips, and weighed her options. She could leave now, dart to the nearest bathroom, and relieve herself. She was already at the point where her research was slowing down to a crawl, and she wouldn’t get much more use anyway. If the Forum asked why she didn’t use the full time, she could claim something urgent came up. It wouldn’t even be a lie, since Y’shtola urgently needed to pee.

On the other hand, Y’shtola still wanted to use up her full time. She wanted to take as much advantage of her access to the Forbidden Section as she could. Moreover, her new topic of focus was not something she’d be able to convince many Forum members to sign off on. This might be her only opportunity in the foreseeable future to research the death of the universe.

Biting her lip, ultimately Y’shtola put her research over her bodily needs. She could hold it for another hour and a half. She would undoubtedly be bursting, but she could make it.

She turned her attention back to her book, keeping one hand pressed between her thighs as she bounced one leg desperately. She tried to ignore the growing pressure in her abdomen, even as she could feel her bladder bulging out, nearly visible even through her dress. She tried hard to focus, irritated that her mind kept being pulled out of the book by her urge to pee.

Somehow, Y’shtola eventually managed to get back into the full focus of her studying, even as her distracted mind was split between her curiosity and desire, and her desperate need to relieve herself. She jotted down notes one-handed as she shifted and shuffled, one hand squeezing her crotch as she tried to focus more on her book than her bladder.

Y’shtola maintained her train of thought until a sudden wave of desperation crashed into her. She desperately clamped down, and felt another few leaks drip out into her smallclothes. She squeezed her eyes shut and bit her lip, thighs shaking as she fought back any more errant leaks. The crotch of her pantalettes were now uncomfortably damp against her crotch, and she adjusted them through her dress to try to find some semblance of comfort.

She glanced back up at the clock. An hour left. She was on the home stretch, but it felt like she was on the final stretch of an impossible test of endurance. She was so close to her goal, and so close to relief, yet she was so desperate at this point that she wasn’t sure how she’d make it even halfway.

Yet, Y’shtola’s stubbornness once again won out over her urge to pee. Instead of standing up and admitting defeat, she pressed on, digging back into her book and fruitlessly trying to push the desperation to the back of her mind.

It wasn’t long before Y’shtola hit the point where she couldn’t sit still anymore. She was squirming and shifting her weight near constantly, unable to find any position that didn’t put pressure on her overfilled bladder. She could feel it pressing out against the waistband of her underwear, and she could see the bulge through her dress. Her hand was pressed tightly against her crotch again, squeezed so hard between her thighs that her fingers were growing numb. She would only chance removing it when she needed to turn the pages of her book.

Y’shtola bit her lip as another wave hit her, and she fought hard, squirming and shaking with her hand clamped down as hard as she could, as though she could physically hold back the flood with her fingers. She managed to avoid another leak, but she was left panting with the effort. Beads of sweat pooled on her forehead. Her lips were parched and her throat was dry, but there was no way Y’shtola was going to drink anything at this point. She wasn’t sure she could even hold it through the sounds of pouring water, let alone taking a sip.

She glanced back up at the clock. 30 minutes left. She buried herself back into her studying, even as her bladder screamed at her. Her notes were becoming more sloppy as she struggled to write. She grit her teeth in frustration as she had to keep reading paragraphs over again, her mind struggling to focus on the words over her desperation. Y’shtola knew it wouldn’t help, but she kept glancing up at the clock, over and over. The time felt like it was slowing to a crawl.

By the time she had reached the fifteen-minute mark, Y’shtola felt like she was reaching her limit. She was just barely able to focus on the tome in front of her as wave after wave of pressure forced her to tense her whole body and fight back to keep from leaking. Her bladder sat like a rock in her abdomen, and every time she so much as moved or shuffled around, she felt the weight of all her pent-up urine slosh around inside of her. Her hand was numb and covered in sweat from being buried between her thighs, and with every surge in desperation, Y’shtola was worried she was going to leak.

For the first time, she glanced over at the empty tea pot sitting next to her. It was tempting. She desperately needed relief, and if it would help her stubbornly stay in the Forbidden Section until time was up, then at the very least she could justify it.

Yet there was no way-- absolutely no way Y’shtola would resort to something that crass, let alone doing so to her precious tea pot. She shook her head and conjured the teapot away so the temptation was gone. She only had fifteen minutes left, she could make it.

Y’shtola returned to her book, though her mind was so occupied with her sheer desperation that reading it was more a mere formality, a justification for her stubborn refusal to leave before the allotted time had expired. Still, she had managed to jot down a few more sloppy notes in the remaining time.

By the time the Mammet had returned to escort Y’shtola out of the Forbidden Section, Y’shtola had reached her limit. She steeled herself as best as she could and shakily pulled herself to her feet, letting out a few involuntary leaks in the process. She danced in place until she was sure she could maintain control, and barely registered the Mammet scolding her for not cleaning up as she was escorted out of the room.

As soon as she was out, Y’shtola grit her teeth and hobbled down, keeping one hand pressed between her legs. She knew now that she was no longer alone that others would catch her holding herself, but she knew that if she tried to remove her hand, she’d lose control right there. She hobbled down the long hall and into the restricted archon section. She desperately climbed the stairwell, having to stop every few steps just to prevent herself from leaking, and pulled herself up to the ground floor.

Suddenly, she was hit with another strong wave of desperation, and Y’shtola gasped, knowing she had pushed herself too far. Ignoring the desperate signal, Y’shtola practically sprinted out of the Noumenon, feeling herself leak with every step. She barely managed to leave the door and round the corner so she wasn’t standing in clear view before a long, hot spurt of pee shot out of her. She desperately hiked her dress up, dancing from foot to foot, and as soon as she had gotten it out of the way, she burst.

A strong torrent of pee shot out of her at full force, arching and spraying out of her as she peed out in the open on the side of the Noumenon. Her face burned as she glanced around, desperately hoping no one was watching as she emptied her overfilled bladder onto the grass.

She felt her legs go weak and she was forced to lean forwards, reaching out to grab the wall of the Noumenon for support as she continued to pee. She panted as she flooded her pantalettes, feeling rivulets of hot urine streaming down her legs. She wished she had the time to get her small clothes out of the way, but it was too little too late at this point.

Y’shtola felt her body melt into the sheer relief of her accident as she continued to pee at full force. She had really pushed her body to its limits, and she almost couldn’t believe just how much she had held back. Even her embarrassment couldn’t stand up to the sheer relief she now felt, she allowed herself to close her eyes and let out a breathy sigh as she emptied her bladder.

It felt like forever before her flow finally tapered off, and she was left standing out in the open, dripping in her own pee. She looked down and inspected the damage. Her shoes were soaked and her pantalettes were flooded. Her legs were glistening with the pee that had streamed down them, and she was standing in an impressively large puddle of still steaming urine. Luckily, she had managed to hold her dress up out of the worst of it, and as she lowered it and smoothed it out, she was able to hide most of the evidence.

Y’shtola let out another sigh as she stepped out of her puddle and began the walk of shame back towards the Baldesion Annex. Krile was waiting for her, and she knew she’d have some explaining to do when she got back. She wasn’t particularly looking forward to that, and she only hoped that none of the other Scions, especially not the Warrior of Light, had decided to make an unannounced stop to the Annex. Y’shtola didn’t think she could live it down if she was caught like this. Still, she was grateful for all the research she managed to do in the Forbidden Section, but next time she would have to remember to relieve herself before she entered.

The End

