New Feelings

Author: SelenaFox

*000*2022-07-27 13:10

Jill heaved a heavy sigh. Today just was not her day. The clock on the wall had ticked well past three, when she meant to leave, then five, and was swiftly moving past seven, yet there she was still sitting at her desk.

The moment the final bell rang, Jill decided that she needed to work on grading the papers she had been trying to get to all day. She had tried to work on the week-old tests earlier, but her usually behaved class had been practically bouncing off the walls. It was as if the very air of the old building had suddenly been infused with sugar and created hyperactive little monsters. Most days she didn’t mind as she was a teacher and loved children, but all she wanted to do was catch up on her work. Alas, it was not meant to be

Jill sat at her desk, head propped up on one hand with the other tap, tap, tapping her pen against the wooden top as she thought about her day. It had started almost immediately as she had been running late. She had spilled her meticulously made iced coffee all over herself at home and was forced to head to a local café to buy a replacement. Unfortunately for her she seemed to have found herself stuck behind an old couple who needed to ask questions about the entire menu.

After what felt like ages, Jill was finally able to order and take her vanilla chai latte to go and rush to her classroom after swiping in. She had barely enough time to gather loose ends in the room and put up that morning’s assignment on the board before her students arrived. Though she wasn’t entirely caffeinated just yet, Jill put on a beaming smile and started her day.

She wished it had moved faster than it did.

It felt like her days were three times as long when her students decided to act out. Little Robert found himself in a squabble with Vanessa who was screaming at Jack for who knows what reason. One of her other students had an accident in the corner of the room and somehow managed to slink off without her noticing. It wasn’t until one of the other little girls let out a shriek that Jill was alerted that there had been a problem. Exhausted by everything, Jill popped into the room next door to ask her colleague Mike if he would be interested in letting their two classes mingle for a while so she could clean. To her relief, Mike obliged and took over her class as well as his own for a bit.

All Jill could think of as she cleaned the offending puddle from the floor that if she wanted to deal with that, she would have worked in kindergarten. As the day progressed, she figured in the end it didn’t matter as her kids had eventually worn themselves out. She made it through another day, she supposed.

Her musings were interrupted by a sharp rap at the edge of her classrooms door and Jill looked up to see Mike giving her a knowing grin.

“Jill, it’s time to pack up. It’s late. Go home. Just take the papers with you,” Mike said, crossing his arms and leaning against the door frame.

Jill dropped her pen on her desk and leaned back in her chair with a groan, pressing the palms of her hands into her eye sockets.

“I suppose you’re right,” Jill replied with a moan. “It’s been such a long day.”

“Tell me about it,” Mike said, shaking his head. “I swear it’s like a storm blew through my classroom. Were your kids any better? They were great with me.”

“Of course they were great with you! They weren’t trying to torture me anymore!”

“Oh, please. They love you. They would never torture you. Mine certainly don’t.”

Jill pulled her hands away from her face and looked Mike up and down. “Well, you certainly don’t look any better than me. What was that about your kids not torturing you?”

“Touché,” Mike chuckled. “Seriously though, get out of here. I’m heading out myself.”

“Maybe that’s not a bad idea,” Jill replied after a pause. “Think I just want to get home. Maybe I’ll somehow get the rest of these done.”

“That’s the spirit,” Mike said as he watched Jill stand up and start to gather her things. “Want me to wait for you?”

“No, it’s all right,” Jill answered as she stuffed the remaining ungraded tests into her bag. “I’ll be right behind you. Just need to use the restroom first to try and freshen up a bit.”

“All right, I’ll see you tomorrow, then.”

“See you tomorrow.”

As Jill made her way to leave her classroom, she felt a funny little twinge in her bladder and squirmed slightly.

Hmm, she thought to herself as she shifted her bag on her shoulder and cast her eyes downward as she walked, trying to focus on something else. I know I didn’t have much time today and didn’t really leave the room, but I didn’t think I had to go this badly.

Jill paused where she was, crossing her legs for a moment before realizing where she was. Her head snapped up to see where Mike was, but to her relief he had nearly rounded the corner of the hallway already to leave. Jill immediately made her way in the opposite direction of the exit and towards the nearest bathrooms. She felt sheer relief the closer she made her way to the strangely child-sized bathroom, but to her horror found that the custodians were cleaning them.

After the absolute horror of the bathrooms being closed wore off, Jill gave a slight shrug of her shoulder. If she had made it that far, she could hold a little bit longer. It wasn’t as though her home was that far away and she was a grown woman. She could make it home. With a shaky breath, Jill swiftly turned around and walked briskly towards the exit. Once outside, Jill nearly made a mad dash to the parking garage across the street to get to her car. However, she was an upstanding woman and wouldn’t dare walk any faster than she needed.

As Jill made her way towards the parking garage, she couldn’t help but peer up at the sky and notice that the dark clouds looming high in the sky. Perhaps the storm Mike had mentioned going through his classroom was trying to make itself real. She giggled to herself at the idea of the children creating a figurative tornado in his classroom, deciding the very idea was ludicrous. It was fun to imagine, but the idea of it being possible was too much for her to ever believe.

That is until she felt a drop of rain land on her.

Immediately after the first drop of rain fell, another decided to join it. Then another and another until finally it started to rain.

Though Jill prided herself on being nothing less than proper while within the confines and view of the school, she let out a very undignified squeak and started to run towards the dry garage. She couldn’t get to her car quick enough and the moment she sat down and settled herself in her seat watching the rain from the safety of her car, she was reminded of her pressing need that was becoming more urgent than she expected.

Not wanting to waste another moment, Jill started her car and felt her face start to twist with a sudden sneeze. Being very experienced with her sneezes, Jill quickly slammed a hand in between her legs and against her crotch and braced as she sneezed. To her complete relief, she found herself still dry.

That would have been embarrassing, Jill thought with a nervous giggle. She very carefully started to pull out of the garage, more than happy to be on her way home. But as she got on the road, she found that she could barely see the car in front of her as the rain picked up its intensity.

Slightly worried, Jill sat up straighter and leaned forward in her seat, ignoring the press of the seatbelt against her aching bladder. She wasn’t fond of driving in bad weather and the rain was only coming down harder and harder, flooding the street in front of her. As if it appeared out of nowhere, a car came barreling down the opposite side of the road, startling Jill and causing her to jump. The car on the other side of the road didn’t have its lights on, startling her out of her focus. With her concentration broken, she became far more aware of how full her bladder actually felt.

Jill smashed her hand against the horn of her car in frustration, cursing at the other driver and questioning why they wouldn’t use their lights. The sky was dark, and she was struggling to see even with her lights on. How did the other person expect others to notice them? Jill found herself becoming more and more frustrated as she drove. She couldn’t go fast as it was with how terrible the weather was, but she nearly had her legs crossed as she drove. She was becoming more and more desperate and for the first time that night, Jill was starting to doubt that she would make it home. The longer she drove, the more she tried to think of whatever she could do to try and keep herself from having an accident. Her ideas ranged from trying to find a coffee cup in her car to just pulling to the side of the road, but she didn’t want to get wet from the rain.

I don’t want to wet myself either, Jill thought bitterly to herself as she continued driving.

Luckily the rain started to let up the closer she got to home. She nearly let out a cheer of delight when she started to turn towards her street, but that joy was short-lived as her car bounced up and down with a loud BANG!

Jill had to squeeze her legs together with all her might to keep herself from losing control. Her bladder (and herself) didn’t particularly enjoy being jostled by one of the holes she tried to avoid at all costs on a normal day but had completely missed with the flooded roads. Jill let out a quiet moan and shifted in her seat. She would have to focus even more on the last leg of her drive to keep herself from hitting any of the other holes.

With equal parts relief and annoyance, the rain had all but cleared up by the time Jill had parked in her driveway. She hurriedly jumped out of her car, grabbing her bag by the strap and dashed towards her front door. Jill was fully aware that if anyone peered out their windows, she had to look like a small child as she was practically hopping from foot to foot as she tried to open the door.

Jill fumbled anxiously with her keys, groaning at how it felt like the door’s key didn’t want to fit, and she let out a cry of victory as the door gave a satisfying click. She threw the door open, tossed her bag onto the kitchen table, kicked off her shoes, and rushed upstairs to her bathroom.

As Jill started to make her ascent up the stairs, she had to clamp down hard as she felt a small amount of pee leak into her underwear. She nearly doubled over from nerves, and even though she was alone, she felt a blush creep up her cheeks. Jill let out a shaky sigh. It was clear to her that she was very quickly running out of time, and it was the most desperate she’d ever felt since she was much younger. Much to her surprise, half bent over on her stairs, Jill felt an entirely different feeling start to make itself known. But Jill didn’t dare to give herself the time to stop and think much further on the feeling as she anxiously restarted her journey to her bathroom.

The very moment Jill entered her bathroom, her need to pee seemed to increase ten-fold, yet she found herself stopping to stare at herself in her full-length mirror. She watched almost in fascination as she seemed to dance on her admittedly two left feet with her hands jammed in her crotch. Jill suddenly found her thoughts moving back towards earlier that day and to her surprise she found herself wondering what it would feel like to just go. She stared harder at her reflection, taking in her somewhat long brown hair that had fallen out of its bun, her purple cardigan, light blue jeans, and childishly happy socks that she had received from one of her students on her birthday. The feelings she felt were new and she wasn’t sure what to make of them.

As quickly as the new thoughts came, a wave of childishness mixed with naughtiness threw itself to the forefront of her brain. Here she was, an adult woman doing a potty dance like a small child, nearly about to pee herself. Could she really do it?

Jill snapped out of her haze suddenly as a new pang of desperation coursed through her veins. She made a valiant effort of pushing the thoughts away and started to turn away towards her toilet, but the thoughts returned and much stronger. Against everything Jill was trying to avoid, she let herself relax for a moment.

At first, nothing happened and Jill’s brow furrowed in her reflection as she watched herself. Almost disappointed, Jill started to pull her gaze away but a soft gasp of surprise escaped her lips and her eyes were fixated on her mirror.

In seemingly slow motion, Jill felt warmth fill her panties, warming her crotch, but in the mirror, she could see a stain slowly forming. Her light blue jeans slowly darkened at the base of her crotch and then quickly grew as she felt the warmth coming from her rushing down in rivulets down her legs, soaking her jeans in the process. A faint hissing noise filled her ears as she watched the patterns going down her legs. She squirmed slightly when that warmth made its way to her socks and she looked down to see a puddle spreading underneath her.

The very moment her stream tapered off, Jill suddenly snapped out of her trance and back to reality. Her cheeks flushed a bright red and she felt mortified by what she had done.

Jill had no idea what had come over her. She had just peed herself as a grown adult and was thoroughly embarrassed by it, but she was confused because she was also fascinated. The childish and naughty feelings that had come out of nowhere hadn’t quite left, and she couldn’t help but feel a little turned on by what she had done.

With a noise that she couldn’t describe, Jill brushed the feelings aside and quickly stripped herself out of her clothes and hopped in the shower. As the warm water rushed over her, Jill promised herself that she wouldn’t never let herself have a repeat of what just happened. But yet in the back of her mind, she couldn’t help but wonder what would happen if it did.

###

A/n: hi! Feeling super shy posting this, but thought I would give it a try. Hope you like it~

*003*2022-07-29 13:26

{{13 hours ago, Sarah21 said:

This is a really good story and i think recognisable for first timers

}}

Thank you!! I think it’s a pretty familiar situation haha~

{{10 hours ago, pegasus42 said:

Oh my… that was really well done! Thank you…! You captured some feelings, both physical and emotional that seem so accurate… the sense of shame following the peeing and the wonder of it while it was happening. Definitely a turn-on for me… I hope Jill enjoys more iced coffees soon…!

}}

Thank you so much! I’m sure Jill will enjoy plenty more iced coffees hehehe ~
