Life in the village

Author: sunita

*000*2020-08-20 06:28

1: A early morning walk to the fields.

It was 4 am in the morning when Anitha's mom woke her up, her mom was angry as she was late by one hour. Anitha was still in her dream and not fully awake started following her mom, on the way she was joined by her friends Ranjitha and Soumya along with their neighbours. It was a long walk to the fields and they reached there in 20 minutes. All of them took their regular spots and started relieving themselves, gossiping about the food that they had the previous night. They took enough time to finish their duties, wash themselves and get up, though Anitha was still in sleepy eyes she could make out that her friend Vinitha had not come to field, she enquired with her neighbour who gave no answer. Two other girls laughed saying that today Vinitha will have to hold it in till evening and walked home. Anitha Ranjitha and Soumya went home as they had to see to the kitchen chores.

2: Getting ready for the school.

It was now 7 am in the morning when Vinitha woke up, obviously with a full bladder and bowels, it was still dark in her room and she felt it was still dark outside as well, she only got to know about the time when she stepped out of her room, she looked up at the only clock at her home which showed 7:01:10, ohh no she muttered to herself and tried seeking someones help. She went to kitchen to find her mom hoping she would get some help, but her mom had already left to graze her cows, no other option left she started dressing herself in her school uniform, skipping her bath. She soon felt that she bust empty her bladder atleast or else she would wet her uniform, she went to the backyard of her home, only place she found safe was behind the cattle shed, but it had not got enough space for her to squat there. So she decided and peed in the bathroom that was only meant for bathing.

It was now 9 am and her friends were at her door step to take her along to the school, they joined with Anitha Ranjitha and Soumya, Vinitha had a worried look, Soumya whispred to her dont worry we ll find a place.

3: At the school.

All the girls had responsibility of cleaning the classrooms and boys had to clean the ground, so everyone got busy in it untill 10 am the school prayer. Vinitha had too much of task, her poop had pointed out from her anus touching her panty. Soon a boy rang the bell for prayer, while the school started singing prayers Vinitha had prayers of her own. She kept standing in the line with both hands clutched to her butt. Soon after the prayer they went to their respective classes, took their seats.

No sooner Vinitha felt the 1st log of her poop come out uncontrollably into her panty, she tried hard and hard to stop it and succeeded only after a small log coming out. No one was aware what was happening to her. Two periodds past by now she was in misery she had to control for two more periods and then it would be break. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she continued to control beyond her limits. When the bell rang for break she was relieved.She dragged her friends to the nearby field near her school, her school had broken toilets which was not usable by them. That day there were people all around, oh noo she sighed as her panty started to fill.

