Video game fanfic: X-Com

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2021-04-05 17:28

I decided to give writing fanfic a shot. I apologize now for the length--hopefully it'll be worth the read. As for the pictures, they're all in-game screen captures. No photo editing was used. Anything that might look like something is purely from the game rendering its shadows and stuff. Just use a hint of your imagination to fill in the rest!

BACKGROUND:

X-Com: Enemy Unknown (and its expansion pack Enemy Within) is a 2012 turn-based game where you control a group of soldiers fighting aliens. The game is a remake of its 1994 iteration of the same name (UFO: Enemy Unknown in Europe).

The following fanfic takes most aspects from the 2012 (mostly the pictures) but will pull in minor details from the 1994 version. The names and appearances of characters depicted in this fanfic were generated randomly by the game.

The story and characters in the fanfic are all fictional; any similarities to them are purely coincidental.

The Amazons

ARC 1:

It has been about five months since the alien invasion. People around the world are still on edge—stories of alien abductions and terrorizations are now sadly becoming the norm. At any moment, one of these events can happen almost anywhere—no one in the world is safe.

Most governments quickly put away their differences in effort to work together to repel the aliens. It was difficult at first, with countries arguing and blaming each other about whose responsibility it was. A compromise was reached, and X-Com was formed—an elite military organization, with soldiers from around the world trained in combating the aliens.

As the alien threat continued to grow, so did X-Com. Despite the uncertainty, people and their governments had faith in X-Com. Its continued funding helped X-Com established its second base in Europe only three months after its inception—with another base ready to open in Africa in another month, with Asia slated to follow.

While the North America base can claim its right to being the first to be operational, the European team’s reputation has outpaced their North American counterparts. The European team’s skills and tactics were more advanced. What is also unique about the European team is that all everyone was female—their chemistry and ability to work seamlessly together has garnered them the nickname, “The Amazons”.

$$

Camille “DOA” Goosens leads the team. As team leader, Camille is responsible for everything about her team, on and off the field.

Donatella “Stacks” Mancini was an aspiring athlete before she changed careers into policing. Her stamina and physique helped her transition easily when she decided to change careers again into being an X-Com solider.

Normally quiet and reserved, Ji Min “Vita” Kwan studied in Europe and eventually settled there. Her knack in archery helped her transition smoothly into giving support fire for her teammates.

Galena “Ice” Vinogradova and Alexand “Zero” Ilyushina are close friends from childhood. Having endured many experiences together as they grew up, it is not surprising to see them both becoming snipers, taking out aliens stealthily and effectively for the team.

Last is the newest member of the team, Esmerelda “Cobra” Dominguez, who heeded the call to join X-Com after her family was killed during an alien invasion. Her hotheadedness has gotten the better of her on a few occasions, but the team has always managed to get her out. A debrief and unofficial reprimands usually follow, but Camille’s team approach into taming Esmerelda’s wild side seems to be making her into a better soldier.

With progress also comes setback. While some cases are tame, others are dire. Unbeknownst to the Amazons, fate’s intervention tonight with a near-death experience serves as a stark reminder of the dangers being an X-Com soldier, along with the unintended consequence of true fear.

ARC 2:

“C’mon ladies! We gotta go! Move move move!”

Camille seldomly barked out her orders, but HQ has just informed her that there was another alien terroristic mission.

The team has conducted back-to-back missions before, but lately it has been more frequent. Perhaps this was the aliens’ way of pushing back against everything the Amazons had accomplished so far.

After running back to the extraction point, the Amazons managed to catch their breaths. Skyranger was positioning itself as it prepared to open its doors. Running, evading, and carrying weapons and equipment were more than enough to make anyone sweat. The Amazons were no exception. The windblast from Skyranger helped cool the team off, as well as help dry their uniforms infused with their sweat.

Skyranger got as close to the ground as it could and held its position, hovering as it opened its aft door. One by one, each member hopped into Skyranger, sat down, and buckled themselves in. Esmerelda was the last to hop in, but Camille was the last to sit down after assuring all her soldiers were accounted for.

“Cobra…” Camille said, as she sat down buckling herself on the bench.

“Ma’am?” Esmerelda asked.

“You’re not buckled in,” Camille stated.

“Oh. I-I’m sorry”, apologized Esmerelda.

Usually, Esmerelda would obey a direct order. She started to grab each end of the buckling strap but hesitated to insert the buckle into the other end.

“Is there a problem?” Camille asked.

“Well…” Esmerelda stuttered.

She looked around. Esmerelda was sitting on the far end of the bench, with Camille directly across from her. The rest of the team were taking this opportunity to take a breather. Ji Min had her eyes closed. Donatella was wiping down her gun. Galena and Alexand were chatting with each other. It seemed that only Camille was paying attention to her, despite the noticeable background noise of Skyranger’s engine flying to their next mission.

“Esmerelda?” Camille asked again, still waiting for an answer.

“Sorry ma’am. I…um…these seatbelts. They don’t adjust very well. I can’t extend them any longer to fit over all my duty gear,” explained Esmerelda.

Camille had a puzzled look on her face. “It’s never stopped you before. Is something broken?”

“Well…no…not really…” Esmerelda said shyly.

“So what’s the problem?” Camille seemed a bit irritated.

“…It’s…pushing up against…my…bladder,” Esmerelda said under her breath.

“Oh…”. Camille’s irritation dissipated. She understood the circumstances of what Esmerelda was going through.

The team barely completed their third mission before being dispatched to another one. It’s been hot and humid in Europe lately, requiring extra hydration. But perhaps the worst of all was that Skyranger was a hand-me-down from X-Com North America—and the small restroom onboard has been out of service ever since its transfer. Camille had put in an order to HQ to fix it, but their priorities were focused on other things.

“I’m sorry Cobra…but it’s against regulations to not buckle up during a flight. And it’s also for your safety,” Camille explained, as empathetic as possible.

“R…right. I’m sorry ma’am,” responded Esmerelda. She seemed defeated. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, sucked it in, and sat up in her seat as she fastened the buckle over her gear.

Camille saw the discomfort on Esmerelda’s face after the buckle engaged. Trying to help put Esmerelda’s mind on other things, Camille asked the pilot about the status of their next mission before relaying a briefing to her team.

“Another 17 minutes, ma’am! Might be more if we encounter turbulence! I’ve already told HQ that this is the last trip! I don’t have enough fuel to get back if there’s another mission!” the pilot informed her.

Camille got off her earpiece. She looked back at her team. They looked as ready as they could be under the current situation. Even Esmerelda did her best to focus on the mission at hand, but Camille knew otherwise. She saw her fist clench up. Then, her knees and legs bounced up and down. Finally, she closed her eyes as placed her hands near her crotch—classic signs of “I need to pee”.$$

Camille didn’t make it a habit to lie or otherwise deceive others unless necessary for the success of a mission. She wanted to comfort her team that after this mission, they could all finally find some relief.

Camille knew all her soldiers were tough. They’ve endured a lot in the past three months and overcame many obstacles, such as strategically flanking aliens despite overwhelming odds and successful bomb disposals.

But Camille also understood Esmerelda’s predicament. It’s a different type of toughness. Sure, it’s not a life or death situation, but an elite X-Com soldier having an accident? The humiliation that follows? The stigma? Camille still had the duty to ensure her soldiers represented X-Com in the limelight. What if someone photographed one of her teammates who wet themselves? What if aliens also knew? Would they use this somehow in some sort of psychological warfare? Being the team leader, Camille had to think about these types of things.

Camille was also well-aware of X-Com’s unique choice of colors on their uniforms—black, dark brown, and white. She remembered that this topic was covered briefly during her orientation—X-Com included the color white as a symbol of hope to the people of Earth.

The uniform itself was very comfortable—a blend of synthetic fibers that included specialized Kevlar manufactured exclusively for X-Com, protecting a soldier’s vital organs for the torso. Another set of everyday fibers, spandex and polyester, made up the bottom portion of the uniform. It served two purposes: allowing maximum movement for soldiers in the field and wicking away moisture. But a full-blown accident? Not even advanced alien technology was good enough to completely absorb that.

Camille thought briefly for a moment. She needed to choose her words carefully in delivering a mission brief to her team. While she was an optimist, she would never offer false hope.

ARC 3:

Camille bore her team’s sighs and moans of frustration. They weren’t thrilled that they were embarking on a rescue. Hostages are difficult to work with. They are indeed grateful to be saved—after all the chaos has ensued. Hostages are fearful and generally uncooperative, believing X-Com rescue mission are another alien ploy.

“Amazons! This is not acceptable. As difficult as some hostages can be, we are here to save them. Is that understood?” Camille affirmed.

“Yes ma’am!” the team replied in unison.

“Okay! We’re going to touch down in five minutes! Positions!” Camille instructed.

The team unbuckled and positioned themselves. Camille noticed Esmerelda was the first to shed her buckle, sighing in relief as she did. Her position was to bring up the rear, meaning she would be the last one to get off the ship. Esmerelda usually waited for the rest of the team to get into position before unseating herself, but the pressure in her bladder has been slowly building.

“Shit! Turbulence! Hold on ladies!” Skyranger’s pilot yelled out.

Esmerelda was barely in her position when a sudden jolt occurred. She failed to grasp a handle as she lost her balance and fell on her rear. Esmerelda felt a sudden warmth of dampness before she somehow managed to clench her muscles up. She knew immediately what had happened. She looked down briefly. When she saw the white part of her uniform pants that was her crotch was darkened, her heart started to beat faster and harder. She had just peed herself, even if it was just a bit.

The rest of the team, despite holding on, also fell victim to the violent jerk.

Luckily for Esmerelda, Ji Min’s “Ow!” caught the attention of the others.

“You alright Vita?” Camille asked.

“I think I pulled my arm.” Ji Min replied.

“Will you be alright?” Camille continued.

“Yes ma’am. I should be good. I’ll just have to be careful. Or use my other arm.” Ji Min was never one to displease Camille or her team.

“No, I want you to stay back,” Camille said.

As Esmerelda got back to her feet, she also caught another quick glimpse to survey the damage. Her rear was damp, with it getting moistier towards the inseam of her pants. Though she didn’t wet herself completely, she assumed there would be some visible damage.

“Cobra! Up front!” ordered Camille.

Esmerelda felt conflicted. This was finally an opportunity she hoped for, proving to her teammates that she can play a more pivotal role. But she also was aware that she had inadvertently soaked her uniform pants with her urine just a few seconds ago. Her mind never raced so fast before, balancing her embarrassment against eagerness. After a few seconds that seemed like a few hours, Esmerelda’s ultimately embarrassment won.

“A-are you sure ma’am? I mean Vita says she’s good. Maybe next time?” Esmerelda said.

Camille gave Esmerelda a look. She was about to say something when Ji Min, trying to keep everyone calm again reiterated her status.

“Ma’am, I’m really okay. I can use my other arm to shoot. That’s why we go through all this training. Cobra might be a tired. I know we all are but that last jolt really got my adrenaline going now.”

Ji Min knew exactly what to say, or perhaps Camille, being tired herself, relented.

“Alright. But just be careful Vita. Cobra! Back in place. Get ready Amazons!” Camille said.

Esmerelda, though disappointed she passed up an opportunity, was relieved she would be bringing up the team’s rear. When Skyranger finally touched down, its doors opened and the Amazons began their rescue mission. $$

Esmerelda took a few extra seconds on Skyranger before hopping off and joining the rest of her team. She looked over her shoulder, turning her torso and pivoting her leg to get a better glimpse of her rear. It was confirmed—though she only had a partial view, Esmerelda clearly saw wet spot at the back of her pants. She was relieved to have been able to persuade Camille to let her remain at her position for fear that someone would have seen her wet pants.

Arc 4:

“Cover us!” Donatella yelled.

Sounds of thunder that echoed loudly were actually shots from Galena’s and Alexand’s sniper rifles. For the first time, the Amazons seemed to be struggling. A new type of alien never encountered before upped the ante—it was a large, hulking beast in menacing red armor. Whatever firearms it lacked was clearly made up for in its brute strength and agility.

In the first few minutes of engaging this new alien, the Amazons had failed to stop it with their weapons. In fact, attacking it seemed only to make it more agitated and “berserk”. In its rage, it swung its arms violently and seemingly attacked a Sectoid, flinging its body like a ragdoll against a brick wall, killing it instantly. It then refocused its newfound rage and charged towards the Amazons.

The Amazons recognized a new strategy was needed. They shifted from offense to defense after they dodged the alien’s attack. Unfortunately, the team was also split up as a result. The alien ended up charging into a car and crashing into it, leaving it momentarily dazed.

Ji Min injured her arm further when diving out of the alien’s charge. Camille quickly helped her up and retreated with her back to Skyranger.

Alexand and Galena took off running into the distance of a convenience store. As they ran up to the side of the building, Alexand turned around. Her hands clasped together, ready to boost Galena up onto the roof. Galena quickly anchored herself and leaned over the side, extending her arm for Alexand to grab. Alexand took a running start and jumped as high as she could. As soon as contact was made, Galena pulled Alexand up onto the building with her. They were safe for now being on high ground. More importantly, they had a vantage point of the beastly alien, as they positioned themselves to cover fire.

Esmerelda and Donatella ran opposite from the beast’s wreckage. The adrenaline rush had kicked in for everyone on the team, enabling them to get away from this alien and prepare their counterattack. Esmerelda’s desperation subsided for the moment, with her mind concentrated on taking out this alien.

“Go go go!!!” Donatella yelled.

Alexand and Galena’s covering fire could only pin down the alien for a few moments before it realized Donatella and Esmerelda were the closer, easier prey.

With Camille out of range, Donatella was the senior officer. She did what Camille would do—getting everyone out of danger. The moment was intense—Esmerelda responded only by following Donatella in running for better cover. It has been awhile since Esmerelda lost focus. She was blindly following Donatella, who fortunately was able to recognize a building about 100 yards away.

At about 50 yards out, Esmerelda could feel a thumping sound. Without looking, she knew it was the alien, giving chase.

“Run!!!” Alexand and Galena both screamed at their teammates, warning them about the approaching beast.

“Shit!” Donatella’s mighty boot was not enough to kick down the door. Without hesitating, she lowered her gun to the doorknob and pulled the trigger.

Arc 5:

*click*. Empty. One of the worse sounds a soldier can hear during a middle of a gunfight. In the chaos, Donatella had forgot to reload her primary weapon.

Esmerelda saw the predicament just as she caught up to Donatella. She was shocked. If she had a cooler mind, Esmerelda would have shot down the door in Donatella’s stead. But the lost of focus transitioning into panic clouded her mind.

But Donatella didn’t give up. She immediately let go of her rifle, letting the sling catch onto her neck as drew her backup sidearm. With two hands, she aimed dead center at the doorknob and pulled the trigger.

The doorknob exploded from the close impact of the shot. Donatella kicked the door again, now met with success.

“COBRA!!!”

Donatella and Esmerelda looked behind them—there it was. The alien. It caught up to them.

$$

Esmerelda was face to face with this alien beast. It was huge. It looked even more menacing up-close. For the first time in her short two-month tenure at X-Com, Esmerelda completed froze up. Her eyes widened and pupils dilated to take in as much information as her brain could process.

In the second that followed, the alien let out a thunderous roar. The noise shattered what remaining confidence Esmerelda had left. Her body reverted to the most primal instincts of fight or flight. Some muscles tensed up while others did not. Esmerelda’s neck tensed up, forcing her to focus on the threat in front of her. Her hands and arms also clenched up, gripping her weapon as tightly as possible—its firepower being the only thing to stop the alien.

This natural response also meant Esmerelda’s body sacrificed other non-pertinent organs and muscles in the process. Unfortunately, this included her bladder. Despite all the training, discipline, and earlier adrenaline rushes, Esmerelda could no longer hold in all the liquid content in her bladder.

Like a floodgate first being raised, a small stream first exited out of Esmerelda’s body. Immediately following was the rest of her liquid waste. X-Com’s uniform pants were made to be comfortable—many of their soldiers opted to wear them as is without undergarments, with Esmerelda being among them.

It wouldn’t have mattered in this case. Not even a diaper would have prevented Esmerelda’s pants from getting wet. What started off as a small dark patch in her crotch grew quickly. Following nature’s law of equilibrium, Esmerelda’s urine was seeking any dry parts of her pants to soak. It wasn’t long until the sheer volume of urine overwhelmed her uniform’s ability to wick away moisture. Pee flowed continuously down the inside of her legs, leaving a long, oval patch of wetness. It didn’t stop there.

Per X-Com’s uniform policy, soldiers’ pants needed to be tucked into their combat boots, but it wasn’t long until her urine seeped into them. The downward urine flow stopped briefly where her kneepads were at—there was some padding in them that absorbed some of her urine, but they were quickly soaked.

Esmerelda’s bladder eventually emptied all its contents. Whatever urine that wasn’t soaked into her white uniform pants spilled to the ground. Droplets of her pee splashed onto her boots from her pee’s voluminous force.

$$

Time slowed down to a crawl for Esmerelda. Her life flashed right before her eyes, despite just wetting herself in fear a few seconds ago—images of her family being killed by the aliens, her initiation at X-Com, the celebratory victories with her teammates. But time didn’t stop. Just as droplets continued to drip from her thoroughly drenched pants, Esmerelda saw the alien’s arm coming down to strike.

She accepted her fate. Esmerelda closed her eyes, awaiting the killing blow. She hoped for a quick and painless end before meeting up with her family in the afterlife. Even if she were to feel something, she consoled herself that it would only be a brief moment of excruciating pain. Though she did not consciously realize it, she found solace from heat of battle with the cool, damp feeling from her urine-soaked pants. As she waited for the end, she saw a bright flash of white, even with her eyes closed.

ARC 6:

“…e..t…..he…rrr….u….pp!”

Something inaudible. Whatever, Esmerelda thought. Maybe this was the passage to the afterlife. Everything was black, yet she felt a floating sensation. Was this death? Was this her ascending into heaven?

“…a.”

“…….”

“o…bra….”

“Is someone talking to me?” Esmerelda asked herself.

“…mer….lda!”

“What?” Esmerelda thought to herself. “That…sounded like my…name.”

“Esmerelda!”

“! That is someone calling my name!” Esmerelda realized that someone was calling her. She tried to gather her thoughts. It was difficult to do so—it felt like an out of body experience. But the repeated sounds of her name kept her concentrated. After what seemed like awhile, Esmerelda opened her eyes. Everything was blurry, but she was able to make out outlines of people.

As her eyes refocused, she had someone looking back at her. It was someone familiar, but Esmerelda couldn’t quite remember at the moment. The woman, smiled back warmly at her.

“Esmerelda…” the woman said again.

In that moment, Esmerelda realized it was her leader, Camille, talking to her.

“U…ngh.” Esmerelda tried to speak and get up at the same time, but was unable to do so. Her body ached like never before, but also she also didn’t realize the other Amazons were preventing her from getting up.

“Whoa…slow down there. You almost got taken out by that Berserker back there,” Camille said.

Confused, Esmerelda looked at Camille for a second. Berserker? Who? What? And then she gasped. The alien. She remembered the big hulking monster that was making a swing at her. The next thing she remembered was closing her eyes, waiting for her end.

“Oh my God…” Esmerelda said, sobbing without tears as she hugged Camille for comfort.

Camille returned the hug and reassured her junior teammate. “Shhh….it’s okay. You’re safe now.”

Esmerelda released her grasp from Camille. As she began to regain her composure, she realized that her teammates next to her. Her sense of safety and security came back. An unwavering sense of gratitude and thankfulness overcame her. Esmerelda buried her head into her knees, sobbing about the good fortune she had.

“Hey. We’re all here for one another,” Donatella said.

“Yes. We are the Amazons!” Galena said, with Alexand finishing up.

After a precious moment, Esmerelda looked up to her teammates.

“T-thank you all so much. I love you all!” Esmerelda was so thrilled. But she realized Ji Min wasn’t there.

“Where’s Vita?” Esmerelda asked, with a sense of normalcy coming back.

“She’s in Skyranger. She took a nasty fall, but she’ll be alright.” Camille explained.

“Oh…thank God.” Esmerelda was relieved. “W…what happened?” Esmerelda inquired.

Camille explained: “Well, that Berserker charged into us, we all got knocked off our feet. I was next to Vita and I heard her yell in pain. I’m sure she used her injured arm to break her fall, but I knew she was out of the game. I ran back with her to Skyranger. I then came back…with this.” Camille gestured the grenade launcher in her hand.

Esmerelda was processing everything Camille was saying.

Camille continued. “Apparently, those sons of bitches are tough. Thank Ice and Zero for their expert marksmanship—they were able to shoot off a plate on the back of the Berserker. As I was running towards you all, I saw what it was about to do. I’m sorry Cobra. I should have fired off the grenade sooner but I didn’t want to risk hitting you or Stacks. But when I realized I was too late, I took that risk. I fired a grenade into that bastard. Fortunately…” Camille sighed.

Esmerelda looked confused. She was waiting for Camille to continue.

“Fortunately, the explosion ruptured some sort of tube that was connected to the back of its head. I remember I almost slipped on some metal plate as I ran towards you two.”

“Oh...” Esmerelda realized just how lucky she was. She closed her eyes, offering a quick prayer to everyone.

“Well, c’mon. Let’s get you up and let’s go home,” Donatella said, after seeing Esmerelda’s finishing up her prayer.

Galena and Alexand both took a side, knelt beside Esmerelda, and helped her up.

Esmerelda was elated, knowing that she was in good company.

“Can you walk? Go slow.” Donatella said to Esmerelda.

“Yeah, I think so.” Esmerelda replied.

With both arms on each side draped behind Alexand and Galena’s neck, Esmerelda looked down to the ground to ensure her footing was stable. As she made the first few steps, she then noticed some streak marks running down the crotch of her uniform pants, down into her boots. What felt like another Berserker attack, she was hit with the reality of what else had occurred—she urinated herself.

“Ooh…” Esmerelda stopped in her tracks, forcing Galena and Alexand to stop as well. Esmerelda knew that her teammates could see the wet uniform pants.

Everyone looked at her.

“…”

Esmerelda’s face turned red from embarrassment. She wanted to hide away but couldn’t. Alexand and Galena were both supporting her, although they did try to look away from her noticeably wet pants, as did Donatella. There was an awkward silence.

“Hey. You’re alive. That’s all that matters.” Camille declared.

Esmerelda returned a faint smile, knowing that Camille was doing her best to comfort her.

“Besides. It happens to the best of us,” Camille added.

The caught the team’s attention, as all eyes were on Camille now. She smiled back at her team and turned around. She took a few steps before stopping again.

With her back still facing the team, Camille looked over her shoulder.

“C’mon Amazons. Let’s go back home. That story will be for another time.”

The team let out a small chuckle as they started to walk back together. In a much needed change of pace, the team now had smiles back on their faces instead of fear. The Amazons knew just how lucky they were, barely falling in the battlefield.

Esmerelda was the most appreciative of all. Despite being injured physically by the grenade launcher’s blast and emotionally with her wetting herself, she still counted her blessings. But as she limped back with Galena and Alexand’s support, she started to wonder—what did Camille’s statement mean? Has the same thing happened to her? The leader of the Amazons also having an accident?

Esmerelda knew that one day, she would find out. After all, she didn’t want to be the only X-Com member to have peed herself.

END

*004*2021-04-06 18:42

Thanks! I hope adding some screenshots helped with the fanfic. I also have a story with Chrono Trigger in mind, but wanted to see how this one turned out. I also welcome feedback/constructive criticism--anything to make future stories better.

