Torrie and Kaleigh’s Omo Adventures

Author: slick66

*006*2021-01-06 04:12

The 2nd “Date”

School went rather uneventful, but seemed to drag on for hours for both Torrie and Kay. Both kept thinking about what craziness was going to take place after classes got out today. Once the last bell rang, both girls hit their lockers, said goodbye to some of their friends and ran to the bus.

As they sat on the bus, Kay opened up her bag and gave Torrie a quick sneak peak as to what outfits she had brought to pee in. Torrie was wearing a pair of tight Khaki pants that showed off her tight body and she was wearing a pair of little white cotton booty shorts under them to not show a panty line and a tight black top that hugged her breasts nicely as she wore a push up bra to give her a nice perky look today. Kay had decided to wear a pair of black jeans and a nice white top.

As she leafed discreetly through the options in her bag, Torrie’s eyes lit up on the white cotton leggings. Without saying anything, Kay knew that was Torrie’s choice. Not a word was spoken as both girls were just incredibly horny. Both needed to pee pretty bad, but not to the point of having an accident at all.

As they got off the bus Kay said, So what the hell happened last night??

“Holy Shit Kay, I was looking at videos all night, realized it was 2am, just jumped into bed and at 4am, I woke up to go to the bathroom and I was peeing and peeing and peeing, only the problem was, I wasn’t really fucking awake!”

“Wait, I don’t understand, you were sleep walking??”

“NO, I was so worked up, that I started to pee my bed!!! I caught it quick enough that I didn’t really get it on the bed, but then I ran to the bathroom and sat and peed through my pants the rest of the way and had a fucking crazy orgasm, it was a little scary though that I peed a little in my sleep.”

“WOW, shit, I wish I saw that Kay laughed!”

“I have to admit, I locked myself in the bathroom last night and peed myself in the tub and sat in my pee and masturbated. I think I had an orgasm?? My body went a little numb, it was quick and I was a bit exhausted after, what do you think?”

“Sounds like it!, and it sounds super hot”

“It was hot….then cold….”

As the girls approached the house, they were deciding the best place to play without making a huge mess. We could do it in the back yard they thought, but they didn’t want to risk the one house that had a small partial view of the back yard to see anything if someone happened to be looking out the back window, even though Torrie was sure they weren’t home.

Let’s just use my bathroom shower, that can easily be cleaned and we won’t make any messes. How bad to you have to pee Torrie asked Kay…

“Umm, I have to pee, but not to the point of having an accident or anything.”

“Same… let’s go grab 2 large Ice Teas and pound those down first.”

“Sounds good to me, I’m pretty thirsty, I haven’t really drank much today, so my pee will be a lovely yellow I’m sure…”

Both girls grabbed two large 32 oz Ice Tea cans and started to drink them. While they were drinking, Kay asked, “Do you think any other girls in school do this too???”

“What, pee themselves on purpose?”

“Yeah, we can’t be the only ones right??”

“Well, Kay, I don’t know… that’s a great question… I wonder if there are also”

“Let’s make a list while we are drinking of girls we think pee their pants for fun”

“Ok, I can tell you that I think Katie does. She’s always making statements like, stop making me laugh or I’ll piss my pants, or I was pissing myself that I was laughing so hard, shit like that. I never thought much about it, but I bet she’s a pisser!”

“Yeah, good point Tor, she’s on the list, and she’s so fucking pretty too, with her beautiful natural blonde hair, perfectly tanned body 365 days a year, and she said that her mom even takes her for Brazilian waxes! I mean, we always shave every day, but that shit’s extreme” as both girls laughed.

“Yeah, she is always perfectly tanned and she’s always wearing jeans a size too small and shirts a size too small...haha, she loves showing the body”.

“She’s such a sweetheart though, Right Tor?”

“Totally,ok, you give me someone now”

“I would almost bet Nicole, little Niki, is definitely a wetter. One of the things I always remember is when I was on her soccer team, she would pee in her soccer shorts on purpose at practice sometimes. You would see her sitting in the grass and when she stood up, you would sometimes see pee dribble down her legs. I first thought it was just sweat, but then I asked her one day… did you just pee???” She said, yeah, I had to go, so I just popped a squat, no one can see it…. I have to admit, that was what first got me into watching girls pee and then we weren’t on the same team the next year and I would never ask her again. I love her to death, we are still really good friends”. (Nicole was another cute little blonde, only about 5 foot (if she was lucky) still played soccer, had an unreal body, the most adorable face, and always wore super tight jeans, leggings that showed every crevice in her lower body, and she had nice perky breasts for a small girl, but just right for her size”

“Damn, no way! Kay, we might have to discuss that further and see how we can maybe have her over some time”

“Sure, I’ll just call her up and ask her if she wants to come and pee with us…that will go over great!”

“No, we won’t do that, we will try to do some investigative reporting… we will come up with a way to flush it out...no pun intended”

“Smooth Tor, smooth….”

“Niki and Katie are pretty good friends, Katie still plays soccer also, I wonder if it’s a soccer thing...Peeing soccer girls….”

“Most of the girls sit together and were sorry that we both stopped playing before high school Tor, maybe we will have to have a sleep over party one night and play some games….”

“Listen, Kay, in two weeks my mom is going to a real estate convention down in Atlantic City next weekend. She leaves Friday, comes home on Sunday that weekend. She would definitely let you stay over, I bet if I ask her if I could have 1 or 2 other old soccer girls over just for the night, she won’t mind and your mom will be right down the road. I’m sure if they told their parents they were staying at your house, you guys can just come here for a little while. We can figure something out.”

“Sounds like a plan, we will work it out! Pee Party!!!” Both girls cracked up laughing.

Torrie was clutching her crotch as she laughed, the 32 oz iced tea had definitely pushed her over the edge now…”Fuck Kay, stop making me laugh, I’m totally to the point I was at yesterday, maybe worse. If I stand up, I might piss myself”

“Well, perfect, that’s what we’ve all been waiting for folks!”

Torrie chucked again as she jammed her hand down into her crotch again… “stop, it’s really going to come out” I don’t want to pee in these pants… Shit… she could see a small triangle shaped wet spot hugging her puffed up pussy, that was now aching and her stomach was so distended, it was hanging over the waistband of her skin tight khaki pants… “Damn, Kay, my panties are soaked...I can’t move, It’s really going to come out”.

“What are you going to do, pee on your bedroom floor…” Kay chucked sinisterly.

“Ummm, yeah, I might, like I”m not fucking around, I’m kind of frozen in place right now”

“Damn, I can’t wait to see you soak these pants”

“No, I need you to go grab me a pair of black leggings or something please or even my jeans from yesterday, they are in the closet in the back right corner”

“How the hell are you going to get into them if you can’t move dumbass?”

“Shit, true” and suddenly another spurt of pee shot out and made her wet patch bigger.

“I see it getting bigger...you’re kind of fucked Tor, sorry”

“What about you, why aren’t you squirming yet?

“Oh, I need to go, but I have a pretty good bladder, I can hold it forever Tor. White leggings right?”

“Umm, fuck yeah, you read that right”

“Ok”, Kay grabbed her white leggings and little white cotton panties out of her bag, her nipples were doing their tell tail poke out of her tight top, alerting Torrie that Kay was really starting to get worked up.

“High beams are on Kay!”

“Shut up, I can’t help it that my boobs are big, my nipples are so embarrassing”, as she held her hands over them”

“Oh stop, I’m just teasing”

Kay slipped her jeans off and dropped her pink panties, exposing her perfectly shaved pussy and her curvy tight but. It was a perfectly shaped but, Kay was just a perfectly curvaceous girl. Not skinny, not chunky...curvy, but really tight, no jiggle anywhere on her.

Torrie stared Kay up and down…’Damn Kay, look at that ass girl!” Kay turned around and did a little twerk for Torrie with her bare ass, exposing her thick luscious pussy lips from behind, which were now extra swollen from being so horny.

“How can you do that and not PEEEEEEEE….FUCK, more is coming out, it’s running down my butt Kay….”

“Yes it is” as she could now see a nice glistening wet spot on Torrie’s crotch…

Torrie half rolled over and showed Kay her wet patch on her butt.

“Kay, are you just going to stand there naked?”

Kay bent over further with her ass in Torrie’s face showing her pussy lips right in Torrie’s face now”

Torrie slapped her right on the ass and Kay screamed, and fell to the ground laughing… fuck that hurt… you left a hand print on my ass”

“You need to get some sun girl and that won’t happen: Torrie laughed and peed some more down her but and the inside of her thighs now had a bit of a wet patch working down them.

Kay slid on her panties that just barely covered her ass and pussy, in fact, the sides of her pussy peaked out from beyond the small panties, and it was making Torrie extremely horny as Torrie rubbed her pussy through her wet pants to primarily stop from peeing, but also because she felt really horny at the same time. Up went the tight thin cotton leggings that hugged every curve, but you could still see her white panties underneath them also and the outline of her pussy looked amazing in these leggings.

“Damn Kay, those are revealing…everything…”

“I know, that’s why I don’t wear them really, they’re really too small and not appropriate to wear in front of anyone, especially with two little brothers at home”

“Good point, but perfect for here!”

“That’s why I brought them, ok, are we going in your bathroom, or should I just sit down on the floor in front of you and slowly soak these leggings with hot, yellow, wet, slippery, smelly, pissssssssssssssssssss…. like Torrie needing to pissssssssssssssss”

“Bitch, I’m peeing more….” Torrie’s little tight khakis started to glisten with shiny rivulets of pee that ran down her butt and onto the floor forming a puddle. Then it stopped again as quickly as it started, but there was a fairly sizeable puddle under Torrie’s ass now… “Kay, help me up so I can get off this floor, we can’t pee in here, we have to get into the shower”.

“Why, it’s a wood floor, we just need to get some towels and wipe it up”.

“I guess, I’m just afraid it will start going towards my throw rug”

Kay grabbed the rug and rolled it into the side of the room…”problem solved, and we have to do laundry anyway, I’ll grab a couple towels from the bathroom”

“Ok, well, I guess….” all of the sudden, Kay heard a really loud audible hissing, Torrie’s face got hot and red and her eyes closed in ecstasy, breathing heavy and moaning every so quietly...whispering to Kay, fuck...this feels so fucking good right now…”. The puddle was growing bigger and bigger by the second, forming what was about a 5 foot diameter around her. “Goddam Torrie, are you ever going to stop?”

“Still coming out, I think… I’m so numb I can’t even tell” she jammed her had in her waistband and felt her soaked and slippery cotton panties…”still going”. She pressed her clit really hard and almost instantly had an orgasm, but she held back and stopped herself before exploding…

“Kay the entire time couldn’t stop watching, she was mesmerized and not even realizing, she was rubbing her pussy through her tights, sporting a really hot camletoe. She slowly and consciously pushed some pee into her panties and leggings, warming up her hand and dripping down onto the floor a title bit, instantly turning her white leggings almost see through and yellow…

“Torrie….wake up dear, I’m ready to pee”

“Torrie snapped back to reality” as she could see Kay’s pussy through her see through yellow pants. “Damn, that was my pee yesterday” she laughed..

“Yeah, I suppose it is quite yellow, I like the way it looks though when you have hot yellow pee on white pants and panties...definitely my favorite videos to save”

“You save them Torrie asked”

“Yeah, of course, that way I can go back and watch whenever I want without looking them up again.”

Torrie stood up and showed off her pants that were now clinging to her skin and completely dripping with pee from the puddle she was sitting in. Now her socks were totally soaked in pee.

Kay stripped off her shirt exposing her bra and her boobs that barely fit into the bra and began to walk towards Torrie with her nipples just popping…

“Unhook me please…”

“Umm, are you sure Kay…”

“Yeah, you’ve neve seen boobs before, this bra is killing me, the girls need to come out, they’re dying right now”

Torrie unhooked Kay’s bra exposing her large breasts. She couldn’t help herself and reached out and tweaked Kay’s nipple, causing Kay to scream again and pee some more into her leggings. Yellow pee now was halfway down the insides of her legs. She also realized she was standing in Torrie’s pee, which was now getting cold on the floor. “Your pee is cold”

“Warm it up”

“Ok, here goes the big flood….” Kay cupped her hand over her pulsating pussy and let more pee out, now cupped in her hand, she tossed a big handful of pee towards Torrie, hitting her across the shirt…

“Kay, What the fuck”..

“That’s for slapping me and pitching me biatch…” she stopped peeing for a second, and was now soaked halfway up her butt, down to her ankles and up to her belly button in front.

“Haha, ok, well, I guess so”

Kay’s leggings were totally see through now. You could make out her butt cheeks that were hanging out of her panties and her side pussy hanging out of her panties in the front. All of the sudden, Kay just sat in the puddle of mixing pees on the floor and wiped her butt around, rolled over and wiped her front and her boobs in the pee and started to wipe it on her body. She rolled back over and pulled her legs up exposing her totally soaked ass and pushed hard and more pee jetted out, soaking her more… Torrie reached down and felt that hot pee coming out of Kays rock hard pussy lips, they were so puffed from being hornny, it was crazy.

“Make me have an orgasm like you do Torrie”. Pee still coming out a little bit in spurts as she pushed out the last bit of her bladder….

Torrie rubbed Kay’s wet slippery pussy and felt how hot her crotch was. She got close to Kay and slipped her hand down the front of her pants, feeling how wet she was from pee and being hornny. There was lots of noises being made by Torrie’s hands and her fingers going in and out of Kay’s pussy as she found Kay’s clit with her thumb and went to town… and in 2 minutes, Kay was breathing so heavy, she almost couldn’t breath and suddenly screamed… oooohhhh my god Torrie, Holy shit, that was...shuddering…. that was...shuddering again….

“Wow, I made you speechless huh, I guess I got it….”

“I….think….you did, holy shit….”

“Ok, my turn” she unbuttoned her pants, and slid them down as they were sticking to her legs, got them off with her socks as she squelched along in huge pee puddle on the floor, her pants were now laying in it.

Her white panties were also completely see through and Kay could make out everything in Torrie’s panties, including her clit that was sticking out into the wet panties. “Man, you have a nice looking puss Tor”

“Such a way with words Kay, ok, give me your hand” She jammed Kay’s hand down her panties and placed it on her hard clit. As Kay started to rub furiously, it took Torrie about 30 seconds and her body went limp and she moaned loudly and shuddered… Damn, that was fucking awesome Kay… I’m sweating through my shirt… Kay quickly grabbed it and pulled it over Torrie’s head and in one quick swoop, unlatched her bra. Torrie a little embarrassed, quickly covered up, but Kay pulled her hands away…

“Let’s jump in the shower Tor”

“Ok, you can take this one and I’ll go in the spare”

“No we can go together, for shit sakes, we just made out with each other”

“Haha, true”

The girls cleaned up the room, did their laundry without anyone suspecting anything, did some homework.

“I have to baby sit the next couple days for my brothers, but maybe Friday night we can hang out and do a sleep over?”

“Sounds great Kay, I’ll see you tomorrow at school!”

“Yes you will, don’t pee your bed tonight…”

“Thanks bitch, don’t pee your bed...haha”

“Don’t you worry, I won’t, but I might pee in my shower tomorrow later, I have some clothes that I’m keeping for peeing at home and now here’s the ones for me to leave here”

“Cool, they’ll be here for you for Friday…love you bitch”

“Love you girl, see you tomorrow” as Kay left….

*008*2021-01-07 11:34

Party Planning -

Kay and Torrie finished out their week fairly uneventfully as they both looked forward to getting together and planning how to carry out their “investigation” on other girls that they suspect might be into what they are into as well…

Friday’s final bell rang and both girls hit the bus and headed home. They got off the bus and headed towards their respective houses.

“Ok Tor, I’ll see you after dinner with the fam later and we can come up with a plan for next weekend”

“Sounds great!, see you later”

As Torrie arrived home, she still had about 3 ½ hours to herself and over the last few days hadn’t really had time to indulge in any pee play as she’s had tons of homework, but today, she didn’t really have much to do at all going into the weekend, so she was excited just to go home and rest up and get ready for tonight’s sleepover with Kay. Even though the girls had spent a lot of time together, it’s been quite a while since Kay has actually stayed overnight.

Torrie decided that she would wear the super tight grey leggings that she wore the other night when she had her little night time accident and what have become her favorite white cotton panties to pee in and took a little nap on the couch in her living room.

Torrie’s mom got home from work and woke Torrie up and was holding a pizza from their favorite local place. They ate, caught up on small talk and chit chatted about different things such as school and Torrie’s mom’s upcoming trip to AC.

“Mom, I know that this is the first time you are going to let me stay home by myself for the weekend when you go away next week, would you mind if Kay comes over on Friday after school and then I’m going to help her baby sit on Saturday night when her parents go to dinner. Would that be ok?”

“Sure, I think that would be ok, I’ll call Kay’s mom to make sure she is comfortable with it, but you girls have always been so responsible, I don’t think she will have much of an issue with it and you’ll be able to keep each other company and at least I’ll know you aren’t totally alone”.

After dinner was over, Torrie’s mom called Kay’s Mom and had a nice conversation about the weekend as Kay made her way over to Torrie’s house for the night. Kay’s mom agreed that she would be ok with it. Kay had arrived at the house while the two moms spoke and afterwards, Torrie’s mom mentioned to the girls that it looked like everything was good and they could spend the night and then Torrie would spend the next night helping babysit at Kay’s and she would be home around lunchtime on Sunday.

After chit chatting with Torrie’s mom for a while, both girls headed downstairs to their family room where they had a big screen TV, gaming tables, video games, Torrie’s dad’s bar and her dad’s old office was downstairs. Sometimes Torrie got sad, wondering what it would be like if her dad was still around, but she enjoyed the fun room that he had created and she spent a lot of time having fun down there. Torrie’s mom rarely spent time down there it made her far too sad to be amongst her husbands stuff, which on one had, Torrie knew they would have some time to play around and talk about next weekend, and Torrie’s mom would likely be turning in for bed around 9:30, so they would far outlast her in terms of staying awake and Torrie was very refreshed from her nap.

“I took a nice long Nap Kay, so I’m feeling pretty good”

“Me too! I feel so much better. I spoke to Katie today about coming over next weekend, saying we wanted to have a little soccer reunion get together, and she thought it would be a fun idea. Lizzie came by in the middle of the conversation and said that she would be in too, I hope you don’t mind, I do really like her, she’s a lot of fun, and she’s really hot”

“That’s cool with me, I like her a lot and she is really pretty, I love her long hair, it’s so pretty, I spoke to little Niki and she’s totally on board and I also mentioned it to Alyssa and she said she’s in also. So that makes 6 of us total, we will keep it there or it will start getting out of control”

“Agreed, we still have to make sure that they don’t tell their parents that your mom won’t be home or they might not be able to stay over”.

“Yeah, I think we will be ok, Niki said her mom won’t care at all and won’t say anything anyway and Alyssa’s mom is going out of town and she said her dad pretty much lets her do whatever”

“Cool, pretty much got the same with Katie and Lizzie, and Katie’s mom is a total Hippie anyway and totally lets Katie do anything she wants and Lizzie’s told her mom that she will be with Katie, so I think we are all good”

“Awesome, that sounds good”

Kay and Torrie spent the next hour or so texting with the group on the plan and everyone had confirmed with their parents that next week they would be good and it was all arranged. The girls were all excited as they hadn’t had a good old fashion slumber party in ages and were all looking forward to it. After all, it was a pretty small little town, and most of the girls had known each other for as long as they could remember and were all friendly with each other all the time. Boys had not really gotten into the picture for most of the girls yet, but Kay and Torrie figured they might get some scoops on any new crushes and if anyone was actually dating or not and such, however, it was not uncommon and not uncommon for there to be an unusual amount of girls ending up with girls and guys with guys in this little sleepy shore town. There was an unusual ratio of it in fact… but no one seemed to care, everyone was happy. In fact, Lizzie had 2 moms.

Once plans were set, the girls were totally psyched about next weekend. They started to set up the basement fun room the way they wanted, Torrie’s mom was going to leave her some money to do a food delivery on Friday for herself, and she had a stash of savings to get stuff for the girls to snack on and such as they planned what they wanted from their favorite pizza place to be delivered. The girls figured that they would spend most of the evening down here with the girls as it was a huge area, they had a huge 3 part sectional couch that was just the most comfortable thing ever, it was leather, but amazingly soft.

They had the big 72 inch TV, a pool table, a ping pong table, a few arcade games, a surround sound music system, cool lighting, it was definitely set up to be a family entertainment area that was sorely underutilized these days. Nice hardwood flooring throughout finished off the super cool room that had nice soft throw carpets spread in different areas as well. They had Torrie’s room and figured her and Kay would stay up there, they had 2 guest bedrooms and figured that they could have pairs in both of those rooms or singles and 2 girls could sleep on the couches in the basement, whatever everybody was comfortable with, or who knows, there were 2 large air mattresses in the closet from when Torrie’s dad went camping, so they could even all hang in the basement.

Now that everything was set, it was getting late and the girls had been working so hard on everything, Torrie looked to Kay and said, I have to pee, what about you Kay?

“Yeah, I definitely have to go too now that you mention it, what time is it?”

“It’s about 12:30am already, damn, where did time go…”

“Shit, I didn’t even realize it, usually I’m ready for bed, but I’m so amped up right now, I’m wide awake, but definitely could use a pee and some rest.”

“You want to watch a movie or anything Kay? Or you want to head upstairs to bed, I can get the air mattress out for you, you can sleep in one of the guest rooms, or...I mean….the bed is queen sized, there’s more than enough room for you if you want to just hang with me…”

“Cool with me, I can hang with you.” As Kay walked around the basement, she looked over at the beautiful bar over in the corner of the room. “Tor, we can use the bar area for all the food and such. Have you ever…”

“What’s that Kay?”

“Tried alcohol?”

“Yeah, I’ve tried some of my mom’s wine before, it’s ok, not my favorite thing, but she’s let me sip a title to taste it as I was curious about it, what about you?”

“No, but I know some of the girls have drank already, Katie’s older sister who’s in college apparently bought alcohol for Katie and some girls before, at least that’s what Katie claims”

“I’m not surprised there, definitely quite the liberal family they have”

“Yeah, I suppose you’re right, have you ever taken a look back here...behind the bar”

“I mean, yeah, I live here, there’s a ton of stuff back there, probably 50 different bottles of stuff, but my mom doesn’t really drink any of that stuff, she mostly just likes wine and occasionally she’ll have a beer, that stuff kind of just sits there.”

“Let’s just take a look at what’s back here”

“Ok, why not”

The girls went back behind the huge mahogany wooden bar that had several shelves full of every single alcohol you could possibly imagine, all neatly organized in groups, about 10 different vodkas, many with fruit flavors, a couple plain ones, some totally unopened, some with varying states of use. There was a section of tequilas, about 6 different ones, darker bottles that were labeled with scotch, whiskey, bourbon, but they all looked the same to the girls, they wondered what the difference was. There were tons of fun flavored looking ones, chocolate, coffee, rum, mint liquors, it was just insane the amount of different things behind the bar.

“Torrie, we have to taste one of these chocolate ones”

“Chocolate?? Yeah, I would be in for a taste, but just a little”

They cracked open the bottle, Kay took the first sip...Umm, that’s pretty good, a little burn in my throat, but it’s chocolate alright. Torrie took the next sip. Yeah, that’s pretty good. What do you think all these bourbon and scotch things taste like as Kay grabbed a bottle with a cool look looking figure on it. Johnnie Walker… Let’s see as she cracked it open. She took a sip and almost choked and coughed… nice… as her face turned red….damn, that’s a little strong, I can’t breath….as she choked.. “way to big of a first sip”. The girls were laughing hysterically as Kay choked on the scotch…

All of the sudden, Kay panicked a little as she realized her black leggings had a pretty sizeable wet spot in them…”Shit, I totally peed for a second there Tor, I’m so wet”

“Torrie looked down to see a nice wet spot formed on Kay’s black cotton leggings, you sure did Kay as she laughed”.

“Ok, you try something”

“Ok, I’m going to try this orange Vodka”. Same result, it was pretty strong, causing some coughing and choking…”

The girls rifled through a few other sips of some different things, they probably tried small sips of about 6 different things, not much, but enough that both girls really couldn’t wait to pee any more, Kay’s wet spot was starting to get cold now and a little uncomfortable. “Ok Tor, here’s the last challenge...We are going to both try this Tequila...as she grabbed two glasses from the bar, she poured a rather large gulp, almost 2 mouthfuls into the cup… first one to finish wins!”

“What’s the prize?” Torrie asked curiously…

“Ummm, if...whoever finishes first, doesn’t have to do the laundry from our adventures…” as Kay quickly picked up the glass and started to gulp…. Torrie quickly caught on to Kay’s cheating, Kay took a huge sip and another, and one more and got it down before Torrie got half way through…

“You lose laundry bitch”

“Haha fucking cheater, oh well, it’s just laundry”

“Finish up”

“Torrie choked back the last couple sips and coughed again”

Both girls faces were burning red from the liquor, not realizing that their bodies weren’t really ready for alcohol that quick and all the small sipping had added up and both girls started to feel kind of funny….

“Kay...I think...I’m feeling a bit tipsy…” as she laughed and all of the sudden a sharp jet of pee darted into Torrie’s tight grey leggings… Shit, I just peed a little

“Kay immediately went over to Torrie and leaned her huge breasts into Torrie’s body and grabbed Torrie’s but with both hands and pressed her lips to Torrie’s mouth and started to kiss her. Torrie a little caught off guard pulled away quick…

“I’m sorry Tor, was that too far, I mean, I know we’ve been playing, but I guess the alcohol… I just don’t know what came over me, I’m so embarrassed, I just…”

“No, Kay, its’ fine, I just…. was caught off guard a little, I didn’t really expect that” as both girls stood still embracing each other.

“Ok, I won’t…” and Torrie placed her hands over Kays huge tits and felt the nipples exploding from her shirt… she leaned back in and gave Kay a kiss also. They both weren’t quite sure what to do, neither had really had a make out kiss with a girl or a boy before, but they fumbled through it a little, gently touching tongues and making noises.. as the girls stood there, Torrie was really feeling light headed from the alcohol and so was Kay, both girls shuffled over to the large sofa and plopped down in a heap, laughing as they crashed like a car accident on the coach.

Both girls laughed hysterically and realized that they probably had a little bit to much sampling…

“Kay, it’s late, we have to quiet down, as Torrie slurred her words”

“Whispering very loudly….Kay said OK, I’ll keep it down”

“Kay quickly grabbed Torrie’s hand and slid it on her crotch and begin to push out a large hissing pee and quickly stopped, but it was enough that there was a wet patch that ran down the leather in different directions, and down the front to the floor. Torrie rubbed it furiously and realized that Kay had peed on the couch. Wait, don’t pee on the couch she laughed. “What’s the difference, it’s leather, we can wipe it up”

“It can still get into the leather”

“Fine, as Kay awkwardly slid onto the ground, bobbing her head a little bit from the drunk ness, she sat on the floor and pulled her legs toward her chest and began to let go… Torrie could hear the pee rushing out and watched as it almost shot through Kay’s crotch, running down her ass and all over the floor…

“Torrie grabbed Kay by the arms and pulled her forward away from the couch so the pee puddle didn’t go under the couch...Kay was now laughing and laying on her stomach and peeing uncontrollably in her pants as the pee started to form all around her front, she was dead weight. Kay could feel the pee running up her stomach up to her huge boobs that almost propped her up a bit from the ground. “I can’t stop Torrie, I’m soaked, it’s up my boobs, but I fucking love it”

“You love rolling in your pee..” Torrie laughed..

“It feels so good, I don’t know why, this is the worst habit, it’s all your fault she laughed, as her pee stream still seemed to be coming and going. There was now a huge puddle and Kay’s light grey hoodie was totally soaked up the front her and dripping with pee.

“Get me out of this thing Tor” as Kay pulled the sweatshirt up over her head, she got it stuck and pee was right in her face now..

Torrie was holding her mouth with both hands trying not to laugh out loud at Kay’s predicament. “Torrie, come on, I’m stuck in my pee” she slurred and wined…Torrie gasping to try to breath from laughing started to feel a lovely warm feeling start to run down both of her legs and shoot right up her ass as she knelt in front of Kay…”I’m peeing...I’m peeeeeeeeinnnng” she gasped almost incoherent as she was laughing ...I’m peeing…. Kay still stuck because of the wet sweatshirt fell back, and rolled more in the pee puddle, kicking her legs, she finally wriggled out of the sweatshirt with no help from Torrie who sat still laughing with pee running down her legs, the wasn’t a dry spot on the tight grey leggings at this point. Kay slid over with her boobs and wet bra, through the pee puddle and slammed her large breasts into Torrie’s face…

“I can’t breath Kay, as she laughed more”

“Haha, that’s what you get as Kay then laid on top of Torrie and begin to rub her body against Torrie’s up and down, pressing her crotch against Torrie’s. She squeezed out more pee and Torrie felt another jet of warmth run over her front side, not realizing that it wasn’t her pee, but Kay’s, but she didn’t care at this point. Both girls were pretty hammered from the liquor and made out feverishly, sticking their hands down each other’s wet leggings. Finally the leggings both came off, Torre’s shirt came off, bra’s came off and both girls were just in see through white panties that you could see everything under them, both were totally transparent and wet… Kay felt Torrie’s butt and slid her hand towards Torrie’s crotch from the back side as she pulled Torrie’s panties up tight to expose Torrie’s amazing title pussy that was swollen with excitement…

Kay’s pussy lips were also throbbing and swollen. Kay’s nipples go rock hard and her pussy lips got really puffy when she was horny, and she had more of the puffy vagina lips that hung down a little by and , it was easy for Torrie to see when Kay was horny. Torrie on the other hand had more of that little classic tulip shaped pussy, that exposed her little clit like a little budding flower. Both girls pussy’s looked amazing from behind when they were bent over and you could see them hang from the dripping wet panties.

Kay rubbed Torrie’s pussy from behind and felt Torrie let out another wave of warm pee on her hand all the time Torrie was doing the tell tale shallow breaths and slight moans…”harder she whispered”. Kay found the sweet spot of the clit and really went to town. And all of the sudden Torrie slammed both hands onto her mouth to hold in the scream and just started to shudder and slumped down into the ground, shivering again as her body pulsed from the wave of euphoria from the orgasm… as she lay on the ground in ecstasy, another last dribble of pee came out, warming her see through panties and her beautiful shaved tulip shaped pussy.

Kay wasn’t going to wait for Torrie’s recovery, she just started to rub her own pussy, slid her wet panties to the side, and put two fingers into her pussy and furiously took them in and out and within seconds she finished off herself…

Both girls were starting to come around now and while they were both still pretty tipsy from the alcohol, realized they had a huge mess to clean up.

They gathered everything and got cleaned up as best they could, made sure the bar was put back neatly so no one would know, even though Torrie’s mom never went down there… They gathered their clothes and some towels they used to clean the floor and put everything into the wash upstairs and turned it on and they went upstairs to bed.

The girls woke up in the morning, feeling a bit foggy from the drinking, so they both gulped down large waters and started to feel a little bit better… had some breakfast with Torrie’s mom…

Girls, did you guys do laundry last night?? Shit Torrie thought, how can I explain this…”um, yeah, we were watching a movie and I went to grab the soda and it slipped out of my hand, hit the ground and sprayed all over both of us, so we through our stuff in the wash so they didn’t get stained…”. Ohh, ok, because you never put the in the drier, I put them in for you, because I wanted to do some laundry. Ok, I’m heading to the grocery store...I’ll see you girls later”

“Damn Torrie, quick thinking….”

“Haha, thanks, that was a close one, we have to be careful or we are going to get caught”

The girls decided they would take a bike ride down to the boardwalk and have a day a the beach and off they went…

The next chapter should be a fun one... I have so many ideas for it, it might have to be a multi part, or it will be one long one.. I’ll see... I write them off here and paste them in, so I’ll see how much time I have to write to be able to tell the full tale of all the fun things that will happen at the slumber party....but no more teasing...until next time!
