Bay's Pokemon Omo Shorts

Author: ShyBay

*000*2017-08-31 05:12

I have some old omorashi stories involving pokemon that I made a while back but never bothered to release them. I thought that it was time to change that because there's probably people out there that will enjoy it. New stories once a week until I've exhausted my supply. ________________

This first one is the first omorashi story that I made. It's not the best but I still like how it turned out. Anyway, I'm probably annoying you by now so let's just start. ____________

Virtual Bladder

Hi. I'm Bay. I live alone with a raichu named Pichanu. We normally live a happy and carefree life together, but Pichanu had an accident one day. Pichanu will tell the story since she has a better account of what happened.

I was excited today! Bay had agreed to play a game of Kirby Airride with me today. Kirby Airride only uses one button and a control stick. The controls are so simple, even a pokemon like me with no fingers can learn how to play it!

So, anyway, I felt like I should maybe pee first, but I was excited and ready to play when Bay mentioned it because he doesn't tend to play all that often; so I held back my bladder as not to delay the starting.

Despite the months of experience that I had playing the game, Bay was a master, and I would never be able to reach his greatness... To him, I must have seemed like an annoying bug that was just there sometimes, but not a problem for him to crush.

But, with that said, Bay started the Gamecube and we began playing together. Things were going a bit unusual today though. Right at the start of the day, I was beating Bay 4-0! For comparison, I usually don't beat Bay more than three times a day, if I'm lucky, let alone FOUR TIMES IN A ROW. It was very exciting for me to finally be conquering Bay for once! I just didn't want to stop playing! After the four rounds, which take about ten minutes each, I could feel my bladder getting fuller, but I thought “Bay drinks a lot of water... Surely he'll have to go soon. I'll go then.”

We got back into two more rounds and, amazingly, I beat Bay both of these rounds too! We were both just stunned at my lucky streak. I was feeling a bit more bladder now; but, honestly, I was surprised Bay didn't call for a bathroom break yet. It wasn't like him to not go after four or five rounds. Maybe he was just steamed at being beaten so much and was determined to beat me before he took a break.

We played another three rounds. Bay finally beat me on the first of these, I won the second, and we tied on the third. With an hour and a half passed after I should have already peed, my bladder was hurting a little bit, but I was determined to keep going.

We played through five more rounds. This was getting crazy for me because Bay usually doesn't even play for this long at once. Bay won all five of these rounds, as usual... By now, I was shaking because I had to pee so badly. Although we were in another round Bay finally took attention of my current situation.

“Hey, what's wrong, Pichanu? Why are you shaking?” he paused the game and asked me.

“I...I really have to pee!” I said.

“Huh? Well, if you really have to go that badly that you're shaking, why didn't you tell me sooner?”

“I thought for sure that, by now, you would have taken a break to pee yourself and I could've just gone then.”

Bay thought about it for a moment. “Hmm... Now that I think about it, it is unusual for me to have not taken a bathroom break by now... But, if you had to go, you should've just told me. I would've stopped at any time if I knew you had to go.”

“I know... I was just being stubborn because I wanted to keep playing...”

“...because you were beating me so much? Gosh! You've beaten me more times today than you usually do in a month! I guess that's a legit reason to be hyped into playing more than you should.”

“Yeah, I was excited too much... Can we go pee now? I don't think that I can hold it much longer!”

“Yeah, I'll take you out. Just climb up in my arms! I'll carry you!”

Despite being a normally sized raichu, Bay could pick me up and carry me around easily. He was surprisingly strong considering that he didn't work out at all... He picked me up and carried me to the bedroom door. Upon reaching the door and trying to turn the knob, there was trouble. He said “Dang it! This stupid thing is jammed again! I'll have to put you down to try to open it.”

He sat me on the floor and grabbed the knob tightly with both hands and tried to pull it open, but it was still no use. The door didn't budge... Bay was getting pretty angry now. He yelled at the door “Stupid door! I will bust you down if that's the last thing I ever do in life!” He grabbed an Indian tomahawk and began violently beating on the door with it. It was loud and scary! Out of fear, some of my strained bladder leaked out.

He used the tomahawk to beat up the door and break off the doorknob. With the door in pieces, it opened. He looked back at me and saw that I had leaked a little bit and knew I couldn't last much longer. He picked me up again and carried me into the large living room. Getting outside the bedroom, he looked back for a moment at the doorknob, which was still jammed in the door frame. “It was about time that I replaced that stupid door anyway...” he said.

In the living room, there were three other doors, one that led outside, one to a bathroom, and another to the other parts of the house. He was going to carry me outside, but we were terrified to see what was going on out there.

“What!? Hail? But, why now!? This almost never happens here!”

Looking at Bay, I could tell that he was getting pretty annoyed. He had a short temper and would destroy anything in his way if possible, the door being a fresh example. Bay dearly loved me though. Having me as a pet usually calmed him down.

Bay spoke again “Well, I can't take you out there! It's too dangerous!”

I didn't say anything back because I was scared and was leaking in his lap a little bit.

“I'll take you into the bathroom.” he said. “You can pee in the tub again, okay?”

I nodded quickly. Bay tried to open the bathroom door, but a familiar problem occurred.

“What?! This stupid door is jammed too! The knob won't even budge at all!”

“Bay, I don't think that I can hold it long enough for you to beat down this door too!”

I was panicked and not thinking things thoroughly; but, after I said that, I thought “Am I encouraging him to break things now?” Bay looked around the room, but there seemed to be no alternative. We were stuck between a hailstorm, a bathroom that we couldn't get into and my full bladder. Not knowing what else he could possibly do, Bay sat me down on the floor. “I wish you had told me that you had to pee sooner, because now we're really stuck. I just won't put you at the mercy of the hail! I know that you can't hold it much longer, so there's only one choice: you'll have to pee on the floor!”

His choice terrified me! I had been a good pet ever since Bay had gotten me and I had never peed on his floor before. I felt like there may have been something else that we could've done, but Bay was short of mind and I was scared and struggling too much to hold in my pee to think of anything myself. Despite this, I still wanted to protest about it.

“But Bay, if I pee here, I'll leave a terrible yellow spot!”

He bent down beside me and started petting the back of my head gently to relax me. “It's okay. I care more about you than my carpet. You're my friend, and I expected that you would have some sort of accident someday. I'm not mad at you at all. I just want what's best for you, so go ahead. Just relax and pee now. I can always clean it up then...”

I sat still for a moment thinking about what Bay had just told me. I could tell by the way that he spoke that he really did care and that this is what he was honestly suggesting that I do. Comforted by Bay, I began to relax; then, my bladder took over. Although still sitting down, I was beginning to pee in a large stream. Bay could tell by the look on my face that I was still uncomfortable doing this though. To ensure that I knew that this was okay, he rubbed his cheek up against mine. It was something that he did often when we cuddled together, and he knew that I loved it. With reassurance from Bay, I was peeing at full force now, my pee getting all over the carpet. I peed for what seemed like a very long time, but Bay was there with me petting and calming me through my whole spill.

When I was done, I looked out at the huge mess that I had made. I was surprised that I could even hold that much pee! The large puddle had gotten the bottoms of my legs wet since I had sat on the floor, so Bay picked me up and wiped me off lovingly with a soft towel. I could see it in his face. He truly wasn't mad at me! He just wanted to comfort me in my perilous time. My heart was warmed by this and it brought a little smile to my face despite what had just happened. Seeing me smile, Bay got a bigger smile on his face too! He gave me a nice, big hug, and we were both happy again.

“Well, I'm glad that that's all over with!” he said.

“Me too... I just kind of ashamed that I had to pee on the floor...”

“Aww, don't worry about it! We all have accidents sometimes. As long as this doesn't happen again, there's nothing to be ashamed of!”

I trusted Bay, and I knew it was against his code to tell a lie as well. I took comfort in his words because I knew he was sincere with everything that he said and I knew that I could believe him. Relieved that the problem was passed, I just wanted to relax and cuddle with Bay, but he had a few things to take care of first.

I had gone to lie down on the ironically named love seat to wait for him when I heard that awful banging noise again. I ran out into the living room to see what was going on. Bay was beating down the stuck bathroom door. His will still held true. Either you get out of his way or you get beaten up, and this door had just become another victim. Unlike the bedroom door, the doorknob just fell out of the wall when it became detached from the door. Looking at it, Bay said “Oops! It was just locked from the other side somehow!... I wonder how that happened...” he paused for a moment to think. “You know, if anything, it proves my point! We all have accidents and make mistakes, it's just a part of life, and that's why I'm not mad at you!”

I found this both funny and true. I smiled and ran over to Bay. “I'll cuddle,” he said “I just need to pee myself first.” Bay sat on the toilet and relieved his bladder. I looked out of the bathroom at the spot where I had just gone. It seemed like me being happy was the only thing that mattered to Bay right now, so I shrugged it off and didn't worry about it any longer.

With both of us having peed, there was no longer a thing to worry about. Bay sponged some towels over my pee and we went to relax on the love seat in the bedroom. Despite having an unfinished game, all that we wanted to do now was relax and cuddle for a while, so that's what we did. I laid up against Bay and purred as he stroked me. Bay loved to hear me purr, so he was happy to pet me now and then, and that made me happy too.

“Should we go back to playing our game?” I asked Bay after a little bit.

“Nah. I don't feel like it... Let's just relax.”

I knew by this that Bay was saying that he was done for the day, but I was okay with that. A nice, long cuddle sounded especially nice right now.

After dark, the hailstorm had grown into a vicious thunderstorm. We laid in bed, snuggled up to eachother as we always are, but it was a bit hard to sleep with all of this booming thunder, so we chatted for a little bit before we slept.

“Today was quite a day, wasn't it, Bay?”

Bay giggled “You bet! Even through it all, it was still kind of fun to have something like that happen. It's usually pretty boring and calm around here, so it was exciting to have a little dilemma on our hands.”

“It's kind of embarrassing that I ended up peeing on the carpet, but I'm happy as long as you are, Bay!”

He hugged onto me a little bit tighter. “I know. It's a little embarrassing, especially since it was right in front of me, but I wanted to be there for you.”

“And that makes me happy! I can trust that you'll be there for me if I have another problem!”

“Of course! You can get my help at any time!... Now, about that game that we played earlier. It's crazy that you finally managed to beat me for a whole day! 8 to 7.”

“Yeah! That's something to be proud of I guess!”

“You bet! I guess I'll have to step up my game next time we play!”

“Could you possibly even play any better than what you do now?”

“Of course! I just take it easy on you because you're my pal.”

“Wow, really? Taking it easy on me just to be nice... and you still usually beat me?”

“Well, I'll give you a chance... but not a very big one! Can't make it TOO easy, now can we?!” we both giggled. “But, yeah. It was pretty crazy that we played for over two hours straight! No wonder you couldn't hold your bladder!”

“Yeah, but it was very fun!”

“It was, and I'll be up for another game soon!”

I just simply nodded. The urge to sleep was getting to me now. “You ready to sleep yet, Bay?”

“Yeah. Lets get some rest so that we can have another fun day tomorrow!”

“*yawn* Good night, Bay.”

“Have a good rest, Pichanu.” He kissed me softly on the cheek.

The storm raged on, but we were ready for some sleep now. We cuddled up tightly and both gradually drifted off to sleep. We both slept soundly. The next day brought bright, clear skies, under which we basked in another fun day together!

Epilogue:

Starting from that day on, I always made sure to tell Bay right away if I felt the urge to go, and he always made sure I got my relief as soon as possible. My pee spill wasn't cleaned up very well. Bay was more concerned about me and that I was comforted rather than the spot on the carpet. As a result, the spot was pretty much just left there and ignored. It didn't matter anymore, though, and served as a reminder to me that I would never let this happen again. Bay never did fix the doors that he had broken on that day.

He didn't see it as a necessary thing to do, so he just left the knobless doors hanging from their hinges. In another way, it was a good thing because I could get into the bathtub to relieve myself if I ever had to. Bay kept his word and wasn't quite as easy on me in Airride the next time we played, but still said that it wasn't his best game, claiming that he was concerned that I would never stand a chance against him in top condition. And that's how it went. We forgot all about this and went on living our happy, carefree lives.

________________

Yeah. Could be better. It's pretty sluggish to begin with but I still like it.

Also later stories might have different characters with the same names because I'm really lazy. Even if they're not exactly the same characters though, they have similar personalities.

I hope you enjoyed the first installment and expect the next one in a week.

*002*2017-09-08 19:50

Not sure how much this classifies as omorashi but I decided to release it anyway. (btw remember that I'm lazy)

__________________________

Friends and Feces

Characters:

♂ Me (Bay); a mudkip ♀ Pichanu; a pikachu ♂ Bubbles; a minun ♂ Squirtle; a squirtle

We were all stuck in my house. An awful thunderstorm was raging outside. It simply wasn't safe for us to go out. We were stuck inside for a while and we were all feeling like we had to pee. We started discussing between eachother what we should do.

Pichanu: What do you think that we should do, guys? We know that we all have to go!

Bay: I feel like a better question would be “What are we gonna have to do?”

Bubbles: Well, this is your house, Bay. You should know everything about it. Is there a place to go in this sort of case.

Bay: No. I'm wasn't prepared for anything like this. That's what makes it hard to decide what to do because I never thought about something like this happening.

Squirtle: Do you think that we could maybe go out of a window or the door?

Bay: No. I don't think that we should. The wind is just too strong.

Squirtle: Well, Bay. What are we going to do then?

I just covered my face in shame because I didn't know what we should do. Pichanu was there to save me though.

Pichanu: Wait! Maybe we can pee in my vase! It should work!

Bay: Ooh! Good idea, Pichanu! It should be big enough for all of us!

Pichanu: I'll get it!

Pichanu went and got the vase and returned with it.

Pichanu: There! This is it! It's perfect!

Squirtle: Are you sure that we should pee in that?

Bubbles: Do you have a better idea?

Squirtle: Umm... Good point.

Bubbles: But who should go first?

Bay: I think that we should let Pichanu pee first. It was her idea that's saving us.

Bubbles: Sounds fair.

Squirtle:.. Fine. I guess that's fair enough.

Pichanu: Thanks, guys! You're all so sweet!

I stroked her on the head a few times.

Pichanu: Okay. I'm gonna go now so that you guys don't have to wait longer.

I nodded at her. Pichanu held the vase against her crotch and began peeing into it.

Squirtle: Who is going to go after her?

Bay: What do you think, Bubbles?

Bubbles: I can wait.

Bay: Me too, so I guess we'll let Squirtle go next.

Bubbles: All right.

Squirtle; Thanks!

Bay: No problem, buddy!

Pichanu: All right, my bladder is empty now. Who did you say was going next? I wasn't listening very well. It felt so good to finally relieve myself.

I giggled.

Bay: Squirtle. Hand it to Squirtle.

Pichanu: Okay.

Pichanu gave the slightly urine filled vase to Squirtle. He freed his penis from his shell and wasted absolutely no time peeing into it.

Squirtle: Ahh... I've been holding that in for a while!

Pichanu: I know. We all have...

Squirtle: It feels sooo gooood!

I laughed a little bit.

Bay: Well, that leaves just you and me, Bubbles. Who goes first?

Bubbles: I can wait for you.

Bay: Actually. I should wait for you. You're the guest here.

Bubbles: No, seriously. I'm fine waiting for you, Bay.

Bay: And I'm fine waiting for you.

Pichanu: Guys, this isn't going to get us anywhere! I know Bay. He wants you to go first, but he doesn't want to say it. He's weird, so you should just pee already and get it over with.

Bubbles: ... Ooookaay...

I got annoyed from the way that Pichanu spoke; but, thanks to her, things were settled. Although annoyed, I stood alongside Pichanu. She put her arm up and started to pet me on the back. That made me start to feel a little bit better. Bubbles was quick about finishing up. He handed the vase to me. By now, it was well over half full.

Pichanu: All right, Bay. It's just about all over now. All that you have to do now is go yourself.

I nodded. Making sure not to spill the vase, I lifted my leg over it. I made sure that my penis was in and then I started letting go. I ended up closing my eyes while I went because I was so relieved. “Everything is okay” I thought while going. It felt like quite a while that I peed, but that might have just been because my eyes were closed. When my bladder was empty at last, I opened my eyes and saw Pichanu standing in front of and smiling at me.

Pichanu: You look so much better, Bay! It's nice to see you smile!

I didn't realize that I was smiling before, but I smiled even bigger after Pichanu talked to me. I hugged her and she hugged me back.

Pichanu: There there, Bay. Just relax. It's all over now.

Bubbles smiled and almost giggled at our mushiness, but Squirtle still had a worried look. Pichanu and I were too busy cuddling to notice, so Bubbles noticed first.

Bubbles: What's wrong, Squirtle? Aren't you fully relieved?

Squirtle: I thought that I was, but I'm feeling like I have to poop now!

Pichanu and I both looked at him, but we didn't let go of each other.

Squirtle: I guess that I wasn't feeling it before because I was so focused on my full bladder, but I really feel it now! I really have to go!

Pichanu: Oh no! What are we gonna do now?

I looked down at the vase that we had all peed in. It was practically full! I was surprised that even the four of us together could hold that much pee.

Bay: The vase is full of our pee. There's no room for you to go in there. It still looks too unsafe to go outside as well.

Squirtle: We have to do something quickly! I don't feel like I can hold it in for long!

Bay: Don't worry! If we all work together, we should be able to think of something in time like before.

Pichanu: Yeah. Bay is right. Let's think of something!

Squirtle: Hurry, please!

We talked about various ideas between ourselves for awhile but we just couldn’t agree on a solution. Squirtle got very desperate after a few minutes.

Squirtle: Guys, I'm about to burst! It feels like it's coming out right now!

Pichanu: Eek! What do we do!?

Bubbles:... Bay?

Bay: Umm... Umm... I have no idea! I can tell that you're about to burst, Squirtle. I have no idea what there is for you to do. You're just going to have to poop in the corner at this point!

Pichanu: Bay!?

Squirtle: In the house!?

Bay: We have no time to do anything else now. Don't worry about it though. We can pick it up later.

Squirtle: You're right! I can feel it starting to slip out of me! I'll do it!

Squirtle ran over to the corner and the poop instantly started to drop out of him. Pichanu looked away in disgust. Bubbles and I were both calm about it. We just looked back and forth from Squirtle to eachother with a normal expression. As Squirtle was pooping, I could see the relief that he had from going. I must've looked the same way to Pichanu when I peed. He eventually finished dropping off his load and was done now. He stared out of the corner in shame and then eventually came over to the rest of us.

Squirtle: That was REALLY embarrassing to have to do...

Bay: Don't worry about it, Squirtle. It could've been any of us. I'm not mad that you had to poop on the floor. Just relax yourself and try to have a good time.

Squirtle: Thanks, Bay. You're such a good friend!

Bay: No problem! Our little predicament is all over now. Let's just get back to having a good time now!

Pichanu: Well, the poop disturbs me, but I agree with Bay. Let's have some fun!

Bubbles: Done and done!

There was a vase full of pee shoved in one corner and a pile of poop in another, but we still just carried on and had a good time. Our problem behind us now, we could just relax and do whatever we wanted to. Bubbles and Squirtle spent the night and left in the morning when the weather died down. Pichanu and I live together though. After they left, we got back to living our normal lives and sometimes we laughed recalling the whole event.

__________________________

Lol I was a day late sorry about that

*004*2017-09-09 04:39

{{7 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was very good ^__^

}}

Glad that you're enjoying my stuff. There's more to come.

*006*2017-09-14 06:28

The next few stories will involve the mudkip Bay and the pikachu Pichanu. I like imagining this couple together so they've gotten a number of stories to themselves (including a longer non omorashi story on my deviantart that I'm too lazy to work on). Also, I hope that mushiness doesn't disgust you because there will be a lot of that.

___________________

Mirrored Mall

As told by Bay.

The two of us were walking around in the mall together. Pichanu was enjoying herself; but, being the loner that I was, I was annoyed by all of the others. Unimportant things aside, lets look at what happened. Pichanu and I were going around on our own business when this very odd looking mirror caught our eyes.

“Wow. Pichanu, this is one weird looking mirror, isn't it?” I said

She turned around to look. “Yeah it is... Everything in it is all... weird colored... and why can't we see ourselves in it?”

“There's something very off about this.”

“It's probably nothing special. Somebody probably just painted a picture like the mall and put it there to trick people.”

“I guess that that's a possibility...”

“Can we get going soon, Bay? I feel like I need to take a tinkle.”

“Yeah. One more minute or so.”

We both gave curious glances at the mirror and each other. After some time, I tried to touch the mirror, but my paw just went right through it!

“Oh no! You were wrong, Pichanu! There is something off about this mirror!”

“Please don't touch that! It could be dangerous!”

I decided to ignore her and walked casually into the mirror as if it was a normal thing to do. Pichanu was horrified that I did that, but was too worried about me and went through it after me. Both on the other side, a whole new world opened up to us.

“Whoa! This is so cool! It looks like a weirdly-colored, mirrored version of the mall!” I said.

Pichanu was very cautious though. “This looks dangerous though! We should just go back through the mirror!”

“Aww. But what would be the fun in that?”

“I want you to be safe, Bay!”

“I know, but I've made my choice. I want to explore this and you can't stop me from doing so.”

“But I'm scared for you, Bay!”

“Why don't you just go back home for now? I'll be back when I'm done.”

She looked really scared, but slowly said “I... can't... leave... you... Bay. I... I at least won't let you go alone!”

“So, you're saying that you'll come with me?”

“... I guess...”

“Pichanu, I don't want you to do anything that you don't want to do.”

“But... I'd rather be with you than go home...”

“That's sweet of you. I'm going now; are you coming?”

She said in the weakest, most scared voice “Yes.”

“All right! Let's go then. Don't you worry yourself. I'll keep you safe if anything happens.”

“I know... You always stand up for me, but I still get scared sometimes.”

“That's okay. Let's just get going now.”

“Umm... okay.”

We walked out of the shop that we were in into the main area of the mirrored mall (that's what we dubbed it). It was surprisingly empty, but we didn't pay any attention at the time. I held Pichanu's hand to make her feel better. Getting outside of the shop, something was VERY off.

“Hey... Is it just me or is there literally NOBODY else here.”

Pichanu looked around as well. “I don't see anybody either!”

“See? This is nothing to worry about! There's not even anyone else here!”

“Well... I guess that helps me to feel a little bit better.”

“Good! Now then, where do we explore first?”

“Umm... How about we just walk around the main area of the mall for now?”

“Sounds good! Let's do it!”

We walked out toward the central part of the mall. We found a fountain there, but still nobody around. Not even a single coin in the water.

“It's so weird that there's just nobody here, isn't it, Pichanu?”

“Yeah. Where is everyone?”

I took one more look in every direction to check for others—nobody; then, I got a devious idea.

“Hey, Pichanu, what's the one thing that you would want to do in a mall if nobody else is around?”

She suspected that I was up to something. “What are you getting at, Bay?”

I hopped up onto the side of the fountain. “Do you see yet?”

“I have no idea what you mean, Bay.”

“Here. I'll show you then.”

I lifted my leg towards the fountain giving a little “whee” as I did. Pichanu then knew exactly what I was up to. I started peeing into the fountain water. Pichanu didn't like that, but she knew that it was pointless to try to stop me. She just nervously looked around to make sure that I wasn't seen, but still, nobody. I fully relieved myself into the fountain and then jumped back down to Pichanu.

“See? Nothing to worry about!”

“Ugh! Bay, you just reminded me that I have to pee myself!”

“Oops! I forgot that you said that you needed to go!”

“I kinda forgot as well, but now I feel it again!”

“Well, as long as there's no one here, I don't see a need to hold it. You can just go where ever you want to!”

“That may be fine for you, Bay, but I'm not comfortable doing that. I need a bathroom.”

“Okay. I understand. There's got to be one here somewhere. It's a mirror, so the bathroom should be in the same spot as the real mall.”

“Yeah! Good idea! Did you see one?”

“No. I was hoping that you did.”

“Ugh!”

“Hang in there, Pichanu. We'll get you relief soon enough.”

“Let's just go find the bathroom.”

“On it!”

We embarked on a great search to find a bathroom in the mirrored mall. We didn't have any luck though. Searching all around, there just couldn't seem to find one. Pichanu was getting more desperate by the minute.

“Where the heck are all of the restrooms? What is this place?”

“I don't know, Pichanu... Oh! I have an idea! Let's head back out into the main area of the mall. There should be a map there that will show us where it is.”

“That's a good idea! Let's do it!”

We went back to near where the fountain was; and, surely enough, there was a map.

“All right, so all we have to do now is find a bathroom on this map, find it in the mall then and then have you relieve your bladder. Sounds simple enough!”

“Let's hurry! It's starting to hurt me!”

I could tell because she was pushing her paws down on her crotch sometimes. We scoured the map for a few minutes, but something painful became evident.

“Umm... Pichanu,.. Is it just me or is there NO bathroom on this map?”

“I don't see one at all!”

“What if there really isn't one then?”

“What do we do then?”

“...Let's just head back into the real mall. We'll get a bathroom there hopefully.”

“I don't know what else to do at this point! Let's go!”

“...Umm... do you know where the mirror was?”

“You weren't paying attention either!?”

“No... What else did you expect from me though.”

“Ugh! I definitely can't hold it long enough for us to search the entire mall!”

“The longer that we wait, the worse, so let's get on finding it!”

“Let's hurry!”

We went around checking from store to store. All that we found was bare shelves and eerie silence. Store after store, we had no luck. Pichanu was having a hard time walking straight because she was holding her bladder as to not burst on the spot. We eventually found ourselves in some kind of shoe store probably when Pichanu just couldn't go on.

“Bay, I can't take this anymore! Even if we did make it back to the real mall now, I don't think that I could even make it to the bathroom then!”

“Umm... Well, there's always one last option: just pee where you're standing now.”

“I know... I really didn't want to do that, but I'm willing to go just about anywhere at this point!... I'm gonna do it!”

“Okay. Only I'll see you, and you know that you can trust me.”

“Completely! All right... here I go.”

She bent down and assumed her squatting position. I stood and waited for a little bit while she groaned, but nothing came out.

“I-I can't do it! I'm too afraid to! This doesn't feel right!”

She was still reluctant to go but I felt bad for her and wanted her to be relieved. To help her go, I got behind her and tickled her feet. She jerked away in response. In doing so, she put less focus on her bladder and some spilled out. Feeling the pee that had escaped her, she quickly bent back down and let the rest of the pee start to flow out. As it left her, it splashed down onto the floor and into the carpet in an ever growing puddle. Despite still being nervous, I could see her calming down out of relief. I walked up alongside her and I put my leg on the back of her neck to help her to calm down as well. We both just stared at each other for a little bit while she peed until she spoke.

“Well... I guess that I'm really doing this...”

“Have no shame, Pichanu. Let it all out. Everything is going to be fine.”

She let out a long sigh as the last of her pee flowed out.

“Feel better, Pichanu?”

“Much better! Thanks for giving me a little nudge, Bay. I don't know how long I would've taken to start on my own.”

“No problem! It's what friends are for! I want you to feel good because it makes me happy to see you happy!”

“Me too!” She looked down “... But then again, what about the spot that I just made? What if somebody finds it?”

“Ahh. That's nothing to worry about. Even if somebody does find your pee there's no way that they can prove that you did it.”

“Yeah, good point! You know, I really love you, Bay! You're always there to support and help me!”

“You are a good friend as well! You understand that I have some issues and you're very patient with me. I love you too!”

“You're a good friend! You just needed someone to understand you! How about a hug?”

I nodded and then we got locked into a hug together. I rubbed my cheek into hers and she did the same thing to me. We loved to do that. She started to purr. The sound of her purr just melted me away into happiness. Both of us were in bliss with each other. We cuddled for probably ten minutes before we calmed down and let go of each other.

“We should get out of here now, don't you think?” she asked me.

“Sure. Let's get going.”

We walked back out to the center of the mall first. We were looking at the fountain again when something hit me.

“Hey, Pichanu. Are you feeling what I'm feeling?”

Just then, her belly made a noise. “I'm actually feeling like I kinda have to poop now...”

“Wow! You ARE feeling what I am!”

She laughed. “You too, Bay!? Well then, I guess we should find a place to go then.”

“How about the fountain?”

“Poop into the fountain!?”

“Sure! I'll stand next to you and we can both go together!”

“All right. I trust you, Bay. Let's poop.”

I nodded at her. We both hopped up onto the rim and bent down next to each other with our butts aimed at the water and we both began to poop. While going, I put my paw up against Pichanu's and she nudged me very lightly as well. I was done before her, but stood on the rim with her waiting for her to get done. It didn't take long that she was done as well and we got off of the fountain's rim.

“Done and done!” I said. “Nothing else to worry about.”

“I'm so glad to have a friend like you, Bay! With you around, I feel much more comfortable to do things that I need to do even if I don't want to. You're very friendly in your own, unique way.”

“I'm here to support you, Pichanu! I know that I'm really weird, but you even respect me for that. Because of my nature, I don't bond easily, but you were willing to give me a chance and now we're great friends! ”

“Aww. You just needed someone to understand you, Bay! You can be grouchy quite a lot, but, deep down, you're still a great mudkip!”

I sighed. “Oh, Pichanu... Always trying to make me feel better. I'll never get to meet another friend like you in my life!”

“I'll always be there for you, Bay! Let's go home now!”

“Lying on the couch with you sounds extra nice right now. Let's go.”

We went back on our search for the way out. Looking in store after store, we eventually found the mirror again and went back to the real mall. I didn't want to be a bother so I didn't say anything, but then my stomach growled, giving away that I was hungry.

She laughed when she heard me. “You sound hungry, Bay!”

“I guess so...”

“Let's get a snack before we head back, okay?”

“Sure... Soft-baked pretzel?”

“Sounds delightful! Let's get one!”

We both got our own pretzel and sat up against each other on a bench as we chowed down on them. It was a satisfying treat. I playfully nudged Pichanu every now and then and she would nudge me back. The pretzels were gone before we had hardly even noticed. Pichanu laughed again.

“Well, it looks like we were both pretty hungry, Bay!”

“I don't even feel completely satisfied yet...”

“Me neither... but I still don't feel like I could eat another entire pretzel.”

“Me neither. How about we get one and split it?”

“Sure! I trust you enough, Bay!”

“Sweetie!”

We got one more pretzel and sat back down on the bench in the same way as before and took turns biting off pieces of pretzel from our side. I was leaning against Pichanu out of affection because I was so happy after all that happened today. She just giggled and patted the back of my head. She knew that I liked that. The two of us finished off the last of the pretzel, but I ate a bit more of it than she did.

“You all filled up, Bay?”

“I'm soo full now...”

She giggled again. “Good! Should we go home now?”

“Yes. I feel like I could even take a nap now...”

“Ooh, that's rare for you! I ought to hop in bed and take a little nap with you as well.”

“Off we go then!”

“Roger!”

We left the mall and returned home. I was feeling quite tired by now. It didn't take either of us very long to pee again and then jump in bed. We snuggled up tightly and I started to pet Pichanu. I liked to pet her when we rested together. She soon began to purr loudly. I eventually spoke again.

“Everything is okay now. Our problem passed, we can rest easy now.”

“And that I will. And I also just love it when you pet me!”

“I know that you do, sweetie. That's why I do it.”

“Sometimes I feel a little awkward when you call me sweetie, but I know that you're only being affectionate.”

“Do you want me to stop?”

“No. In another sense, I really kinda like it too.”

“Well, I'm glad. Let's have a little rest now, shall we?”

“Of course, Bay. Have a nice nap!”

“You too, Pichanu.”

I slowly stopped petting her and rested, her purring slowed and eventually stopped as she relaxed as well. She later let out a large yawn. I thought that it was cute and moaned a little bit in response. That made her drowzilly giggle. She knew that I often moaned when I was happy so she liked it when she heard that, much like I loved the sound of her purr. We were such good friends, and we would love each other always. Snuggled up tightly and comfortable, we both drifted off into a nice, little nap together.

___________________

Fun fact: While revising this story for release I had to check to make sure that I spelled shoe right because I had literally forgotten how to. lol

Next story will also feature Bay and Pichanu

I did have everything indented but apparently the website doesn't like that so whatever. I don't imagine that anyone will really even care. lol

*008*2017-09-21 07:30

A bit on the short side but I like how it turned out.

___________________

#2 Winter Woes

As told by Pichanu.

It was probably sometime in the middle of January. I woke up from my hibernation for a little bit to have a bite to eat. It was very cold in the house, but I thought nothing of it at the time. I found some semi-frozen strawberries to eat. Bay was still asleep in bed, but I sat down next to him to eat. I was eating some strawberries, but then it hit me.

“I have to pee.” I thought to myself. I sat the strawberries on the side of the bed and went to the door to go out. I tried to push the door open, but it didn't budge. “Oh no... don't tell me that I'm snowed in...” I pushed on the door harder, but still I could do nothing. “This is bad! What if I can't get outside to pee?” I looked back at Bay. “Maybe I could get it open with Bay's help, but I feel bad about waking him up... I'll hold it for a little. Maybe something else can be done in time.”

I sat back up on the side of the bed with Bay and ate some more strawberries. I thought a little about what to do but the coldness quickly got to me. It was making me feel like I really had to pee. I sighed. “In this cold, I won't be able to hold it for long... I have to try to get outside again.”

I made another attempt to open the door. This time, I used all of my strength, but it still wasn't enough. I panted from how hard that I tried. “I can't do this... I need Bay's help.” I walked over to the bed once again. I felt bad waking him, but I didn't know what else to do. I rubbed Bay to wake him up. He didn't budge. I was really feeling my bladder now. I was getting desperate. I was shaking Bay now in a desperate attempt to wake him up. Finally, he slowly began to awake.

“Bay, you have to help me get the door open because I have to pee!”

He was waking up very slowly “Ugh... what?...”

“I really need to get outside soon or things are not going to be good!”

“Ugh... Okay, but I need a minute to wake up...”

“All right, but please hurry!”

Bay slowly started to sit up. It was painfully slow for me because of how much that I had to pee. He was finally able to sit up. When he was up, he saw the bowl of strawberries and decided to eat one. He got that down and then he seemed ready to help.

“Okay, now what was it that you wanted again?”

“I need help opening the door or else I might pee myself in my own house!”

“Oh, you have to go? But why do you need my help to go outside?”

“The door is stuck and I can't move it on my own!”

“Oh. I see. I can tell how much you have to go by the way that you're holding yourself.”

I hadn't noticed that had done that because I did it while I was focused on watching Bay get up, but I looked down and was surprised to find both of my paws on my crotch. It surprised me, but it didn't bother me though. I didn't care if Bay saw me and he didn't care either.

“Let's try to get this door open now. I can feel that I have to pee now too.” Bay said.

“Let's hurry!”

The two of us pushed on the door together, but it made no difference. It was still too much snow for the two of us together to get through.

He eventually gave up and sighed. “No luck, Pichanu. That door's not moving!”

I took my paws from the door and put them back on my crotch. “This is bad! I can't hold it much longer!”

Bay took a look around the room and then looked outside a window.

“Oh. There must be almost seven or eight inches of snow on the ground. No way that we can move that.”

“This is so bad!...”

He took one more look around the room and then came over to meet me.

“It looks like there's nothing that can be done. It looks like we may have to pee in a corner or something.”

“But I would hate to pee in our own house...”

“It's not a good thing, but life is not always pleasant. We should just relieve ourselves now and let comfort and happiness refill us.”

I sniffled and whined. “My bladder hurts!! As much as I hate to admit it, I'm starting to agree with you. As much as I have to go, relieving myself sounds good just about anywhere!”

“We can go over there.” He pointed to the corner that was farthest from the bed. “I'll go with you.”

I sniffled again. “Again, I hate to do this, but I think that I'm going to...”

“It'll be okay. It's just a little bit of urine in the house. It's not going to hurt, just stain a little.”

“... That's true. Let's just do this and get it over with.”

He nodded. We stood up against the wall looking at each other. We both lifted our legs toward it. Even though I was a female, I still liked to lift my leg sometimes when I peed. Bay respected me for that because he saw it as unique. I stood there frozen, unable to make myself go despite my urge to. When Bay gave me another nod of approval, I started to pee very strongly. Seeing me go, Bay started going as well and the two puddles started to grow on the carpet. Steam rose off of my warm pee because it was so cold inside. I felt bad peeing inside, but the relief felt so good that I didn't even care anymore. The two of us let out all of our pee into the carpet and we were relieved.

Again, I just stood and stared at Bay with my leg still lifted. I didn't know what to say for myself, but he spoke again.

“It couldn't have been helped. It came down to this and this is what we had to do.”

“Yeah, but I've never had to pee in the house before...”

“Let's just leave it behind us. It happened and there's nothing that can be done about it now. Let's go sit on the bed and cuddle and have some strawberries.”

I finally lowered my leg. “Yeah. No point in crying over it. I agree. Let's cuddle!”

He sighed. “I've always loved to cuddle with you.”

“Me too! You're a great friend and I love to cuddle you too!”

“Let's go rest, shall we?”

“Yeah! Let's cuddle!”

We went back over to the bed and sat on it. Bay was really cuddly. He hugged me tightly and I hugged him just as tightly back. Occasionally, we would reach down to get a strawberry, but we never let go with both paws. Feeling the cold and feeling comfortable with Bay, I was getting sleepy again. I took one more look at the puddles of pee in the corner and just shrugged it off. “Nothing to worry about.” I thought to reassure myself.

“Well, Bay, I'm starting to get tired again.”

“Yeah, we still need to be hibernating, but you might want to wipe off your face first.” He giggled.

It was true. Both he and I had strawberry juice on our lips. We just wiped it off on the blanket. No care given; it was all about just being happy now. The bowl now empty of its strawberries was thrown on the floor and forgotten. We got under the blanket and hugged on each other to go back to sleep for the rest of the winter.

___________________

What does this website have against indents? lol

*011*2017-09-28 09:52

I thought that this was kind of mediocre but I decided to release it anyway. Still Bay and Pichanu but next one will be a bit different.

___________________

Furniture World

As told by Bay.

Do you remember that mall from the other story? Well, here we are again in an equally awkward and desperate situation.

“Hey, look, Pichanu. Isn't that one of those mirrors like we went through before?”

She came to see. “Hmm... It sure looks like it.”

“Shall we explore?”

“Ugh... I don't know. You remember what happened last time we went through one of these things.”

I laughed. “Yeah. You ended up having a little accident... And that fountain got a lot more from us than it wanted!” I laughed again.

She giggled and then shrugged. “Yeah. Poor fountain... Oh well. We had to relieve ourselves somewhere though since there were no bathrooms.”

“Yup. It was the best thing that we had so that's where we went.”

“... Do you think that anyone is listening to us?”

“Uhh... Yeah. Maybe... Tell you what. Let's check out this mirror but this time we'll make sure to keep track of where the mirror is.”

“Okay. Sounds fair. You lead.”

I nodded and walked into the mirror. She followed me. The world inside the mirror was much different than the last. There were chairs and couches and love seats as far as you could see in any direction. We were in awe of just how massive the area was and crammed full of comfortable cushions.

“This is cool, but I don't know about this, Bay... This looks like it could get confusing.”

“Not to worry! This is easy! All that we need to do is climb up on something to see where we are and find our way back.”

“True... But still, I can't help but worry.”

“There's still no need to worry. Even if we do somehow manage to get lost I have all the water that we could possibly need.”

“Yeah. Okay. You win. Let's do some exploring.”

“Which direction should we start in?”

She looked around “Ooh. How about over there?” She pointed to my right. “That floral design is pretty!”

“It is. Let's get a look.”

We walked over together and sampled it. It was a little bit rough in texture, but Pichanu loved the design. We were soon done looking there though. As more interesting pieces caught our attention, we wandered around towards them. Eventually, we ended up at this incredibly plushy blue love seat.

“This sure is comfortable, isn't it, Bay?”

I felt it. “Yeah. I like it.”

She thought for a moment and then smiled. “Hey, how about we have a little cuddle here?”

“Sure! Let's love for a little bit!”

She jumped on the love seat. “Come on up, Bay!”

I hopped on up and joined her. We laid down belly to belly. I squeezed my legs around her and she squeezed me with her arms and legs. There was nothing in the world better to me than cuddling with Pichanu. Anyway, she spoke again after a few minutes of cuddling.

“We don't have anything else to do today, do we?”

“I don't think so. Why?”

“I'm so comfortable that I think that I may just have a little nap. If you'll rest with me.”

“Sure. I'm as comfortable as you are right now. A nap snuggled up with you sounds fine.”

She stroked my head a few times. “Thanks, Bay. You always try to make me happy!”

“You being happy is important to me. All right. Let's rest.”

She turned her head for a second. “You don't think that anyone will find us?”

“Nope. I'm pretty sure that we're safe here.” I said as I gently pulled her head back down.

She yawned. “Okay. Have a good nap, Bay.”

“You too, Pichanu.”

I was a little restless, as usual, but we eventually were both asleep. I don't know how long we slept for, but the next thing that I remember is Pichanu wiggling away from me. That woke me up, but we always slept tightly cuddled, so we were used to it. When I opened my eyes and saw her, she looked troubled and had a paw on her crotch.

“I knew that we should have at least used the bathroom before we went through the mirror! I don't want the same thing to happen again!”

I was still somewhat waking up. “Ugh... How bad is it?”

“I really have to pee!!”

Just then, I felt my bladder start to bother me. It was as full as hers. “This isn't that bad of a situation though. It's not like anyone is going to stop us from just relieving ourselves anywhere.”

“Yeah, but what if someone wanted to buy any of these? If we pee on them, they're ruined!”

I sighed. “Ugh... true... Well, we had a nap, but surely we can't be that lost. Let's climb onto the back of one of these couches and get a look around.”

“Yeah. That's the best thing... No need for me to be panicking. I'm just thirsty too...”

“I'll give you a drink then.”

“I'm just afraid to because my bladder is already full enough...”

“It won't make much of a difference. Just have a drink.”

“Okay. I guess that it couldn't hurt that much...”

She walked over close to me and I shot a little bit of water into her mouth. She gulped that down and opened her mouth again for more. I gave her some more and then she was satisfied.

“Thanks again, Bay. Now let's climb up on that couch over there.” She pointed to a red couch.

I nodded. We climbed up to the top and got the best look that we could, but nothing looked familiar to us.

“Ugh! This isn't good! I don't recognize any of these things! We're lost!”

“Don't panic, Pichanu. We have time. We both have to go but we can still find our way out of here before our pee finds its way out of us.”

“I hope you're right. I'd like to drop off this load as soon as possible.”

“I feel you. Let's get going!”

We hopped down from the couch and started searching. We pointed out a few pieces of furniture that seemed familiar, but had trouble debating whether or not that they were actually what we thought that they were. It wasn't looking very good for us, but then it only got worse.

“Oh no. I can feel it. I'm gonna have to poop too!” I said.

“And my bladder is getting so full! It's starting to hurt!”

“Mine too. I don't think that we're going to make it. We should think of something just in case we do have to relieve ourselves here.”

“I hate to think about it, but probably the best thing that we could do is remove a cushion and pee under it and then cover it up.”

“That's a pretty good idea, but let's try to get out first.”

“We better hurry!”

We got back to the search but we walked slowly because we had our legs somewhat crossed because of our full bladders. We started to find some furniture that definitely was familiar and we began to piece our way back, but, because I had to poop, we just weren't making it in time.

I bulked. “I-I just can't hold it in anymore! Maybe if I didn't have to poop I could last, but I just can't do it!”

She came over to me and hugged me. She was shaking. “I can't go on either! I've already started to leak... We're going to have to use our backup plan, even though I hate to...”

“It... It has to be done. We're at our limits and can't go on.”

“Let's just get this cushion off that's right above us. I really have to pee though. I hope that I can get up all right...”

She took a couple of steps back to make a running start to jump on the couch above us; but, as soon as she started to run, urine started to shoot out of her crotch. She made it onto the couch, but pee was now spilling out everywhere. She made a desperate attempt to lift a cushion and get under it, but she panicked too much and couldn't get a grip on it. There was already a huge mess of pee on the couch so she just gave up and let it all spill out on top of the cushion. She was really embarrassed that that had happened, but she was relieved.

“I... I couldn't stop it...” she said.

“It's okay. When we're at our limits, our bodies will relieve themselves even if it's not convenient for us. It's something that has to happen eventually.”

“Yeah; but so embarrassing...”

“Don't be embarrassed! Only I saw your spill and now I'm going to have to do the same thing as well.”

I jumped up on the couch. I managed to only leak a couple of drops on the way up; but, as soon as I was up there, I lifted my leg towards the back of the couch and shot out pee at full force. I could feel it splashing up off of the couch and onto me, but there was no stopping it. It felt to good to stop anyway. When Pichanu had lost control, she just simply couldn't regain it. She sat watching me as I went and began to look a little less embarrassed.

As soon as my bladder was emptied, it was time to get rid of my poop too. I walked to the area between the two puddles that we had made on the couch and bent down there to let it out. I really started to relax as the great feeling of total relief shot through me. Pichanu Walked over and sat down in front of me and held out her paw for me while I pooped. I took it and we just silently stared while I went. I looked down and saw that Pichanu had gotten her feet soaked when she burst, but she had no control over that. Although wet fur doesn't look that good, a little bit of pee won't hurt anyone.

I lifted my butt as I was done pooping and the two of us jumped down from the couch while still holding paws.

“Nothing that could have been done about it.” I said. “It was coming out no matter what.”

“Yeah... but again, as always, I feel so relieved that I don't even care about what I just peed on.”

I took my front leg and put it around her back. “The relief is the most important part. Where isn't as much. If your bladder is that full, it doesn't matter where; you just feel overwhelmingly relieved when you let it out. We're both wet with our own urine, but relieved. That's all that matters.”

She sighed. “Such tough words, but so hard to disagree with you. I don't think that I'll ever strain myself that hard again. If I really have to go, I'll improvise if necessary... And I'm never going into another mirror after this! This always happens!”

I laughed and patted her back. “Me neither. I think that we've already stained enough things with our pee. Let's just go home already.”

“Sure, but we have to find our way out first.”

“Yeah... Wait... Isn't that the floral couch over there?”

She looked. “It is! Why did we not see that right when we were about to burst?”

“I don't know, but it wouldn't have mattered anyway. We still would have burst before we made it to the bathroom even if we did get back.”

She sighed. “True. Whatever. It's all over and done with. Let's just leave with our wet selves and go get a bath.”

I nodded. We used the floral couch to easily find the mirror and make our way out. Even though we were a little bit wet, nobody mentioned anything and we left the mall without a problem. We then went to our favorite swimming hole to get washed off. We helped to clean each other in hard to reach places and got completely clean. As per usual after a bath, we laid out on a rock in the sun to dry. Of course, we cuddled as well. Despite what had happened today, we soon got back to our normal lives with yet another memory of a place where we had to involuntarily empty our bladders on.

