The study session: a wet walk home

Author: ShareTea333

*000*2025-07-17 05:12

My friend Taylor and I had decided to go study outside on the quad to take advantage of the sunny day. We laid out a blanket in the grass, stuffed our backpacks with snacks and drinks, and settled in to study for the afternoon. We spent the first hour chatting, eating snacks, and drinking the iced teas we had picked up on our way. Once we finally got to work, I sat crossed-legged and typed away on my paper while Taylor sketched in their notebook.

For the next hour we were both in focus-mode. Since it was the middle of the afternoon, the sun was beating down on us, and I kept regularly drinking the cold water from my giant water bottle to stay cool. I was still deep in thought when Taylor told me they needed to walk to the library to meet with a classmate for 30 minutes. They let me know they’d be leaving their stuff since they’d be back soon. I didn’t think much about it until a flying frisbee narrowly missed me and jolted me out of my concentration. The sudden awareness of my surroundings brought with it a sudden awareness that my bladder was getting pretty full. Historically, I have a bad habit of not noticing a full bladder when I’m deep in a task and it was becoming clear this was no exception.

I tried to re-focus on my paper, but I was now distracted by my own legs bouncing up and down as I typed. I checked the time on my phone and hoped that Taylor would be back soon. I couldn’t leave all our stuff there unattended and it was too much for me to try to carry into a bathroom by myself. I laid on my back with my knees bent to remove some pressure from my bladder. It was so relaxing to look up at the trees against the blue sky and I was, admittedly, daydreaming a bit about Taylor.

Taylor and I had been in the same friend group since we were freshman, but this year as seniors we’ve started to become a lot closer. Recently, we had shared a few kisses at late night parties, but we would joke about it the next day and brush it off as us being tipsy. We were already pretty affectionate friends and would regularly cuddle while watching movies or TV. My favorite is when I lay my head in their lap and they stroke my hair while we chat for hours.

The sun had moved and our blanket was now in the shade. I was wearing short denim shorts and the cool breeze brushed past my legs sending goosebumps up my thighs, bum, and back. I felt the shiver echo in my bladder and started to fan my legs open and shut. Laying down had helped at first but my need to pee was making itself known again. I glanced down at my phone to see a string of texts from Tyler apologizing for taking so long and lamenting that their classmate wouldn’t stop trying to make conversation. As I read the texts my legs started to fan even quicker, as knowing it would be longer before I got to pee made my need worse.

Even though it was risky, my desperation was getting to dangerous levels so I started to look around for someone I could ask to watch our stuff. Thankfully in the distance I saw Taylor heading my way and I picked up a book to act like I hadn’t been anxiously waiting. When they sat down on the blanket, they smiled and tapped their lap, inviting me to lay my head on them. They then started telling a hilarious reenactment of all the ways they had tried to escape the conversation with their classmate. As they spoke animatedly with one hand, they ran their fingers through my hair with the other. Every few minutes they would grab a small handful of my hair and give it the softest tug, sending tingles through my whole body.

As I continued to lay there, my anxious desperation had turned to sensory bliss. I love the sound of their voice and as they continued their story, I closed my eyes to take it all in. I felt the warmth of their thigh against my cheek, their soft fingers occasionally brushing my ear and neck as they stroked my hair, and for a few moments my full bladder felt more pleasurable than concerning. Every few minutes my bladder would send small spasms and I’d squeeze my legs together tightly, each squeeze sending a small jolt of pleasure and relief.

When I noticed the sun going down, my anxiety returned, and I realized everything on campus would be closed soon. If I didn’t go now, I wouldn’t have any way to pee until we got to Taylor’s apartment. I knew I should excuse myself briefly and just come back, but it all just felt too good to interrupt. It wasn’t until a bit later that I started to seriously regret my decision. They told a particularly funny joke, and the harder I laughed, the closer I got to leaking. I instinctively grabbed my crotch, which only made us laugh harder, and I felt a hard spurt of pee escape into my underwear. I quickly got up to sit on my heel and bounced desperately while I begged them to stop making me laugh. Thankfully it wasn’t uncommon for people in our friend group to come close to peeing while laughing, so I was hoping to brush it off as that without them knowing I was actually really desperate.

To my relief, it wasn’t long until Taylor commented on it getting dark out and suggested we head home. We started to pack up our things, but trying not to look desperate while loading everything into my backpack felt impossible. I was sitting on my knees and couldn’t help but bounce up and down. When I stood up to help Taylor fold the blanket, I felt just how heavy my bladder had become and I had to hop slightly from foot to foot to keep from leaking. Taylor was clearly in no rush to pack up their stuff and trying to stand still while I waited for them was torture. I tried to just cross my legs tightly and pretend to look at my phone, but I couldn’t help but start pacing around.

At this point I still had myself convinced I was hiding it well, but in retrospect it would be obvious to anyone that I needed to pee, badly. As we made the short walk to the bus stop, I reminded myself on repeat that they lived close to campus and we only had a short bus ride and a short walk to get to their apartment. Just as we arrived at the bus stop their phone rang and they stepped away from the crowd of people already waiting for the bus to take the call. This at least gave me the opportunity to hide in the back of the crowd and do a little pee dance without people paying me much attention.

The only way I could stop from leaking now was to grab my crotch hard and even then, a few were escaping. I started to panic that I may actually lose control on the bus and decided I had to do something fast. I stepped back onto a patch of grass and started letting out little spurts of pee. I knew if I completely let go, my shorts would be drenched, so I was trying to let out just enough to keep from peeing my pants on the bus. I was grateful that my shorts were quite short and the tiny streams of pee were mostly running down my legs into the grass. When I reached back to feel the damage, my bum definitely had a small wet patch, but the pee had mostly soaked my crotch and thighs.

When the bus pulled up, I quickly stepped out of the grass and saw Taylor waiving me to follow them to the back door of the bus. They were able to snag the last seat and as they did, they pulled me down onto their lap. Thankfully they were wearing jeans and didn’t seem to notice that my bum was wet. I started to stress that there might be a wet patch on their leg when I stood up, but that was quickly overtaken by thinking about how I was about to burst. The pressure of their leg against my crotch felt so good, but not being able to move around as much was killing me. They had their arms wrapped around my waist and I knew they must be able to feel my hips thrusting gently back and forth. A few times I couldn’t help but squeeze my thighs hard around their leg as it was the only way to keep from peeing all over both of us.

The bus dropped us off on the corner and we only had one long block to walk to their apartment. Standing again was almost too much and as soon as I stepped off the bus I had to lean against a tree and cross my legs as tightly as possible. When they realized I wasn’t walking with them, they looked back to find me and instantly smiled. “Ahhhh I have to pee so bad!”, I finally admitted and felt my cheeks getting warm. I didn’t really have a choice at that point and my need was way beyond hiding it. They laughed and reached their hand out for me and I carefully uncrossed my legs, grabbing their hand to walk with them.

At this point, getting to the apartment as fast as possible seemed like my only option and I started power walking up the slight hill. Every few steps a small leak would escape, but I couldn’t stop or I knew I’d lose control completely. The steps to their porch were the worst part and I would lose a large spurt of pee each time I raised my leg for the next step. When we got to the porch, they grabbed their key out of their pocket and started to wrestle with the old, stubborn lock on their front door. I sat down on their porch chair and furiously wiggled my bum back and forth as I willed the door to open. “oh my god, I’m so desperate!” I whined, as if that would somehow make the door open faster.

Taylor finally pushed the door open, but as I jumped up to walk inside, I lost control completely. We both looked down in shock as pee started to pour out of me. I made one final attempt to grab my crotch and cross my legs, but nothing made a difference. I finally gave in and spread my legs, letting the pee flow freely. Each time I thought my bladder was almost empty, the hissing sound would resume and more pee would cascade down my legs. It pooled into a puddle at my feet and a dark wet patch grew on the wooden porch. I was mesmerized by the immense relief and for a moment it felt like time froze.

As my stream of pee slowed, I came back to reality and looked up to see Taylor still staring down at my legs in amazement, their lips slightly parted. As they felt my eyes, they looked up at me and I immediately started apologizing. They shook their head no as if to refuse my apology and took a few slow steps towards me. They gently grabbed my waist to pull my hips to theirs and whispered in my ear, “I think I like you wet.” Without thinking, I moved their hands to my bum to feel how soaked I was. I heard them moan softly and slid my hands under their shirt and up their back to pull them even closer.

They took my hand and led me to the bathroom where they turned on the shower and we started undressing each other. We took off each other’s shirts and pants, but I noticed that they left on my pee-soaked underwear. We stepped into the warm shower and I immediately felt a familiar twinge in my bladder, but I was quickly distracted as Taylor slid their hand between my thighs. They began teasing me through my wet underwear and I leaned against the wall, biting my lip to stop from moaning. I slid my fingers down their neck, chest, and stomach, before reaching down to tease them back. Feeling how turned on they were was driving me wild. I closed my eyes to take in the feeling of their wet skin against mine and the warm water trickling down over both of us. I could hear them moaning softy in my ear and I was desperate for them to touch me.

I slid off my underwear and guided their fingers inside me as I began to stroke them with my other hand. We were both breathing heavily now and I could no longer hold in my loud moans. Without warning, I began peeing again, this time in hard spurts each time Taylor thrust inside me. As they felt my warm pee hitting their hand, their eyes rolled back with pleasure. Each spurt of pee felt like ecstasy. The electric sensations pulsing through my whole body grew until they became undeniable. We both began to orgasm, shaking against each other with wave after wave of pleasure. We collapsed into each other’s arms and leaned against the shower wall as we caught our breath. I felt Taylor’s hand slide slowly up my back, along my jawline, and into my hair. They ran their fingers through softly before giving it a gentle tug. That’s when I knew we’d be doing this again soon.

