Jess Pava X-wing pee desperation

Author: starwarsomo

*000*2026-02-02 09:12

*After a successful mission in her X-Wing fighter, the attractive female resistance pilot Jess Pava is suddenly left in space, needing to pee with no nearby solutions...

“Good job pilots!” One of the higher ups' voices could be heard through the speakers. “Head to the rendezvous point.”

A couple other pilots made joyous remarks over the intercoms at their mission’s success. Jess could see a couple ships in the distance turn on their steady ion boosters to start their journey.

“Ready to go Rolo?” Luke asked back, to the white, frustum-domed droid (R0-4L0) that was nestled within the workings of the ship.

Rolo made a short sequence of high pitch beeps, indicating its readiness.

“Alright then.” Jess put her hand on the clutch, and pulled it back, her spacecraft making a sudden jolt forward before stabilizing at a higher speed.

Rolo made a faint squeal as the ship moved, excited by their pace. Jess chuckled, and relaxed back. Should have been smooth sailing and clear skies until reaching the target spot.

Rolo began beeping some other stuff, Jess barely paid attention, she wasn't extremely fluent and didn't want to try and figure it out, and she was certainly too tired to read the transcript on the tiny screen in front of her.

She absentmindedly noted that she had to go to the refresher. Which was fine, they were going to be reaching the Resistance HQ base on D'Qar soon, and she could deal with it there.

As they cruised along, she could faintly see other fighters from her group in the distance. There was quiet chatter on the comms. Jess checked that she was muted, shifting in she seat.

She felt comfortable, her tan-orange jumpsuit sitting easily, the cushioned seat not too hard, room to move her head around. The rumbling of the sublight engine made the whole spacecraft purr around her. She found it soothing.

Soothing made her slip though, as they passed through a patch of menial space turbulence and the walls vibrated around her she suddenly tensed up .She let out a hiccup in surprise. And Rolo made a robotic growl at the interruption.

The vibrations suddenly brought an urgency to her bladder situation. The waves of motion applied this pressure that made her tenser. She was weighed down in her seat. And wicks of moisture formed on her skin. A nervous jitter rolled its way across her back, bottom up, hitting her neck and making her shiver. No no no, this was not good.

She hated having to hold it, and just a moment ago it didn’t feel this imminent, she brainstormed briefly on the subject, a little effort on her end could make it easier.

Jess arched her back, as much as she could being she was tightly belted in for flying. Trying to angle her crotch for friction against the straps on her jumpsuit. The external touch would remove her thoughts of needing to urinate. Her body would be too distracted by other stimuli. Other stimuli that were of course bothersome, but less so than the idea of wetting herself in an X-wing.

Her hands were tightly grasped around the steers, she must have looked an awkward fool. Her tongue even graced its way out over her cute lips, as any stereotypical determined fellow’s would be. Rubbing herself against the gray safety strap on the front of her jumpsuit in awkward shuffles of polyester friction and jerks from air turbulence.

“Not good...” She muttered to herself.

The only reply being a buzz of irrelevant chatter over the comms and a meaningless little chirp from Rolo.

Her abdomen ached, and she sat back once again, taking a deep shaky breath. “Rolo, how much longer until we arrive?” She huffed heavily.

In a sequence of beeps, a few numbers appeared on the screen before him, representing the minutes (in Galactic Standard), and far too many for her taste. Something in her lower gut started to hurt, how it was possible she was losing herself so quickly now, she didn’t know. She had tried to keep well hydrated, perhaps too much so. Having grown up in the he found the galaxy’s excess of water to be way too good to pass up.

Was she really being that irresponsible with her body? God, it felt like he was being punished for something. She didn’t know if holding, was what caused this pain, but with the limited biological knowledge she had she described it as “my bladder is gonna pop.” In a groan to the only one close enough to hear her, Rolo.

Rolo, concerned, clicked and spoke along the lines of “beep bloop”, confused as to her friend’s sudden complaining.

“Rolo can you scan for anywhere nearby we’d be able to stop?” The perspiration on her skin began to sink, beads of sweat, trailing down her delicate cheek, crawling over her neck, like Ghorman spiders crawling all over her. She itched lightly, uncomfortable in her own skin.

*Beep-bloop-beep* “I don’t care! Anywhere is fine, just somewhere we can land and I can step out.” She nearly shouted; she hadn’t noticed the radio silence now on the other end of her comms.

Rolo brought up some rerouted coordinates that shaved about five seconds off their travel time. Jess didn’t know what to do. “Now what am I gonna do?” She whined, perhaps getting loud was the only way to distract from the situation.

Rolo still didn't understand what Jess’ problem was, it didn’t realize what was happening. Jess was clenching her thighs tight now, her muscles stiffly constricted in the whole lower half of her body. She slapped one of her gloved hands down over her groin, her shame dissipating. If she stimulated herself more she could hold for longer. Or at least make it more difficult for anything unwanted to come out.

She sloppily tugged her fingers up and down, kneading over the bulge in her jumpsuit. She tried to think of something else, she didn’t have anything she could piss into, no bottles or bags.

She sat like that for a moment longer and drew her hand back, trying to focus her mind elsewhere. Her lungs filled up in a shaky cluster of breath. Rolo still spoke with concern and confusion from behind her. “Wha--what should I do Rolo?” Jess asked, her cool had faded, not that she was frantic, but merely losing hope.

Rolo made a short angry noise, as if to say “I don’t even know what the problem is.”

Jess groaned suddenly, and her hand was drawn back to her crotch. “I’m not gonna make it Rolo, I’m gonna urinate in the seat, wetting myself on this X-Wing like a pathetic child.” She hissed.

Rolo replied in a strange static. What was there that it could do? Merely help pilot navigate the ship the best it could. Hoping to get to land on time.

Both of their attention was so drawn away they hadn’t noticed, distantly, a shot of flashing glaze in front of them. Only until a few more came closer did Rolo scream and Jess looked up from her brewing problem did they realize they were being shot at. “Oh great.” Jess yelled, and she was forced to grip both hands back on the controls. She spun them in a sudden harsh movement, “hang on tight!” She shouted to Rolo.

The X-Wing was dragged off its route. It wasn’t meant to be dove out of the kind of speed they were going, but that’s what this called for. Jess gripped the wheel tight, holding it till the blasts seemed to lose balance, they were farther away, and Jess was able to catch a glance on the radar and looking out through the transparensteel viewport , and see where the laser blasts were coming from.

A couple small craft briefly flashed over the screen and she pulled up, turning them to face them. The whole time her legs clenched together tightly, with pressure with her bladder still building.

Once they were turned around Jess could faintly see their attackers, and moved her fingers to trigger the guns, firing back, with a hope for a luckier aim.

As the first shots left the laser cannon on the X-Wing, the faint recoil jarred her body, the first spurt of piss jutting out of her private, and into her cotton panties. “Not good, not good.” She whined again.

Her legs were cramped up, her sphincter was tired from holding, and her hands were busy at literal war. There was no way for this to be a win-win situation. Either she lost the battle and died without having the dishonor of pissing herself in space, or she won and would have to deal with that shame.

As she kept firing, and saw a distant boom as she managed to hit one of his assailants, another leak came out. A quick hot spurt that further dampened her underwear and dripped down her thighs. She was losing herself, and fast.

But she kept on firing, maneuvering her flying and dodging enemy fire all at once. And as she shot around five more rounds that sprinted through the empty space, they found their way to their target, and the other craft went up in flames. Both dots now vanished from the radar, no other enemy craft was detected.

However she felt no surge to whoop in joy or cheer at this small victory. Instead she found now both hands were clutched onto her crotch. With a measly order, whimpered out for Rolo to take control of the ship and get them back on course.

“I think… I think I have to...rest,” she muttered, Rolo was silent.

Shaking in her seat he lifted her hands up, and in a twist of cruel fate her muscles relaxed, instantly her exhausted private sprayed a violent stream of piss. “Arggghhh“ Jess grunted.

Her underwear quickly became soaked, the saturated fabric holding all the moisture it was able to, before her piss spread down her legs. The jumpsuit itself was waterproof, whether that was lucky or not she didn’t yet know. The flow built in a warm puddle under her thighs and ass, and drizzled down to her boots, gathering in the soles of his shoes.

She breathed heavily, her bladder straining against the suit, and her hands trembling, finding their way back into the controls. They were back on course now. But that fact brought no solace to the other fact that she’d have to sit in a pool of her own piss for another stretch of time before being able to finally get out of the damn sky.

“Don’t mention this to anyone R2.” She spoke slowly, and R2 instantly beeped that he wouldn’t.

“Not even General Leia.”

*Beep Beep*

“I will disintegrate you.”

And as they re-accelerated, her attention was finally brought back to the comms, where a few concerned comrades were finally speaking again. And to her horror, the one they were calling out to, was her.

With a stunned movement of her eyes, she saw in the corner of her screen, and her heart sank at seeing she had been unmuted. Her finger hovered, muting her for real this time, as a couple friends inquired about her well being, some perverted male pilot even turned on by her accident, though only the pilot in her squad knew this and promised to kept it secret.

Back on the Resistance Base, Jess hopped out of her ship and hurried back to her quarter, skipping debrief and passing through the crowds, the temporarily-contained pee in her suit sloshing with the space below her knees with every step. And more importantly, Jess haven't completely emptied her bladder, and if she did the pent up urine will soak through her jumpsuit, everyone in the base will know that.

Back to her quarter, Jess frantically unbuckled the gadgets and strapes and all that constraining the flight suit, while leaking urine in it as the glimpse of the refresher unit was too much for her. Just when the suit removed Jess no longer able to hold back the urge and sunk on the refresher unit, peeing through her panties that couldnt be pull aside...

&&

*002*2026-02-11 09:41

{{On 2/7/2026 at 12:48 AM, obi wan kenobi said:

Cool to see omorashi of obscure characters.

}}

Thx for your comment, can you give more suggestion on my other works pls, leave some comment, maybe pitch some ideas as well thx

