Posted 9 hours ago

Written for the Omovember prompt "Interrupted While Going."

*** 

Adam had expected Alex to be a bit more scared of flying than he actually was. He knew Alex had never been on a plane before, and Adam remembered how nerve-wracking his own first flight had been. He just hadn’t understood how several tons of metal could stay up in the air like that, it didn’t make any sense to him at all. Adam was less scared of flying now, though he still really disliked it. Air travel took a pretty heavy toll on the environment, after all. 

But, sometimes flying was necessary. Adam wanted to take Alex to see the Grand Canyon, and that was much too far away for them to drive. So, the time had come for Alex’s first trip on a plane. Adam was impressed by how calm he was about it, how it didn’t seem to frighten him at all. Alex was more excited than anything. His mood changed as they got through security though. 

Alex was randomly selected to undergo a pat-down procedure. Adam cringed when Alex was pulled aside for this and felt his blood boil as he watched it happen. Adam knew the TSA agent was just doing his job, but when he saw how many times the guy pressed his hands around Alex’s crotch, saw how Alex’s face started to turn pink and his body began to tremble, it was a challenge not to start shouting at the guy to back off. ‘He’s not doing it on purpose,’ Adam told himself. ‘He’s not trying to make Alex feel bad.’ 

Once they got through the checkpoint, Adam asked Alex if he was okay. “That was awful,” Alex said. “Why’d they only do that to me and not anyone else?” 

“I don’t know how they choose which people they do that to,” Adam said. “Sometimes it’s if they see something on that x-ray thing you walk through. I’m sorry you had to go through that. It’s not comfortable.” 

“He kept touching around my… thing,” Alex said. “I think he could tell that it was… That I wasn’t normal.” 

“You are normal,” Adam said. “Don’t convince yourself that you aren’t. You’ll never have to see that guy again.” 

“Okay,” Alex said, but his chipper mood from earlier in the morning didn’t come back. 

They sat down to wait for their flight. They’d arrived a little too early and were likely to be stuck sitting there for a while. After about half an hour, Alex stood up. “Adam, I need the restroom,” he said. “Please come with me?” 

Adam knew that Alex absolutely needed to be accompanied to the toilet here. The airport was very crowded, and the restrooms were sure to be as well. The place was enormous, and it was very easy to get turned around and lose track of oneself. Alex’s confidence was no-doubt shot after the issue with security. Alex would be too nervous to go by himself to the restroom, and the likelihood of him getting lost in this gigantic building was high. 

Adam noticed he was feeling a bit of pressure in his own bladder and would really like to relieve himself before their flight as well. And, in any other circumstance, he’d have no problem going off with Alex for a pee. But, that was not going to be easy here. They both had large suitcases, which were not allowed inside the restrooms, and which if left alone could be stolen or rifled through. They couldn’t go to the restroom together, if they did no one would be able to watch the luggage. Adam explained this to Alex, whom got a worried look on his face. 

“I don’t think I can hold it all the way to Arizona,” Alex said. 

“You won’t have to wait that long,” Adam promised. “There will be a toilet on the plane.” 

“Oh,” Alex said. He looked relieved for a second, but then started bouncing his knees. “Um… How long until we can get on it?” 

Adam checked his watch. “Not too long. Only about twenty minutes,” he said. “But, we can’t use the toilet as soon as we get on the flight.” 

Alex’s worry obviously grew and his jiggling picked up speed. 

“You’ll have to wait until after take-off. Once the seatbelt lights go off, you can get up and pee. It won’t be that long.” 

Alex hoped Adam was right. Adam WAS usually right about things, though. 

Soon enough, they were able to board their flight. Once they’d taken their seats, Alex was bouncing the tiniest bit. He wished he could have peed in the airport, but he understood why Adam had told him to wait. ‘You’ll get to go soon,’ he reminded himself, knees jiggling. 

Adam noticed how antsy Alex was getting and felt a pang in his chest. Hopefully, Alex was just starting to feel nervous about flying. Adam felt terrible that he was making Alex hold it in longer than was comfortable for him. He patted a hand over Alex’s knee. “It will be okay,” he promised, still unsure if Alex’s squirming was from desperation or nerves. 

Alex nodded, looking out the window. He was starting to get a little nervous about take-off, but not for the reason most people would. Alex’s bladder had become hard and swollen, and just turning too quickly in his seat was making the fluid inside of it slosh uncomfortably against his sphincters. He knew from past experience that being in a car or bus when he really, really had to pee was very unpleasant because each time the vehicle was jostled, the liquid Alex was containing would follow suit. 

What did it feel like when a plane took off? Was that bumpy? 

A few minutes later he learned that it was, indeed, VERY bumpy. He squeezed himself against his seat, hips shimmying and legs shaking. “Oooh—!” he whined out-loud. It felt like someone was repeatedly punching his bladder with all their strength! 

Adam touched his knee softly again. “It’s okay,” he repeated, still hoping Alex was just scared of flying and NOT undergoing serious urinary distress. “It’s supposed to do that.” 

Alex sucked in sharp breaths, his urine swirling and swishing angrily inside his body. “I have to go,” he whispered. 

Adam’s heart sank. That WAS what was bugging Alex so much. He really HAD caused him to suffer. “I know, sweet thing,” he said. “I’m sorry. Just a couple more minutes, I promise.” 

Alex hoped he could MANAGE a couple more minutes. The seatbelt he was still required to have fastened was cutting into the firm boulder in his center, trying very hard to tease out a leak. “O—Okay,” he said. 

Adam kept rubbing Alex’s knee, realizing that his own knees were beginning to bounce. He’d been so worried about Alex this whole time he’d failed to notice how much his OWN need had grown. What had felt like a fluttery, annoying hum back at the airport was now a much more insistent, throbbing pinch. Once they could get up, he’d let Alex go first of course, but he definitely hoped Alex didn’t take too long in there. 

As soon as the seatbelt light went off, Adam stood up and gestured for Alex to do the same. Alex followed him very gratefully, his bladder going a little bit looser already. “You can go first,” Adam said, trying not to squirm. “I only have to pee a little bit.” 

Alex nodded and entered the restroom. It was a tighter squeeze than he’d thought it would be, and he didn’t usually like tight, constraining spaces. But, right now he needed to relieve himself so badly that he didn’t care. He unzipped and took aim. 

Alex could kind of feel the plane moving beneath his feet, and to his dismay he felt his body retaining a lot of its tension. Enough tension, in fact, that his bladder was refusing to release its liquid. Alex was a little freaked out.

Alex was able to figure out that his tension was to do with the cramped space and the sensation of movement beneath his shoes. He couldn’t do anything about how tiny the room was, but he could at least stop feeling like he was going to fall over by changing his position a little. 

Alex really, really hated sitting down to pee. It had always felt strange to him even before he knew he was trans. It made him uncomfortable to have to pay more attention to… that part of his body. Not to mention, and even he thought it was weird he felt this way, but the sound it made when he peed sitting down was intolerable to him. But, he had less reason to worry about falling over if he was seated, so he decided to try that. He wouldn’t pull down his harness though, he’d leave his STP right where it was and still urinate through it. Taking it off would feel wrong. It was a part of his body. 

He sat down and waited for his flow to begin. It didn't though. He still felt that tension inside himself. He tried to push and force the stream to come, mindful of how Adam was anxiously waiting on him to finish up so he could go, but remembering that only seemed to make it even harder to relax! Then, the plane began to bounce violently again like it had during take-off. "Nnnh!" Alex cried out in shock, putting his hands against the walls, and—

Pssshhhhh!

—Losing control of his bladder.

Well. So long as something worked, he supposed he ought to be grateful for all the sudden bounciness. He allowed his eyes to drift shut, a smile spreading across his face as all the strain began to pour out of his body. Before he could release the relieved breath from his lungs though, there was a knock on the door. "Sir?" an unfamiliar voice said. "I apologize, but we've hit turbulence and you must return to your seat immediately." 

'Immediately', Alex repeated to himself. Like, immediately immediately? But... He wasn't done yet! He'd only just started, there was still so much in him... He felt anxiety growing as he started to fear that he was breaking an important rule. Immediately meant immediately, didn't it? He cringed and whimpered as he forced himself to stop peeing when he still needed to so badly... When he stood and pulled up his shorts, a stubborn, final spurt seeped out into the material. Even though he'd been able to let it flow for about twenty seconds there, even though he'd gotten some of the burden out of his body, he now felt like he needed to go even worse than he had before he'd let out a drop. 

Whimpering miserably as he cleaned off his hands, listening to the tortuous sound of the sink's running faucet, he finally left the restroom, feeling closer to an accident than ever before.

Alex returned to his seat. Adam was there and obviously not doing so well. He was fanning his knees in and out, allowing them to bounce. Adam had begun to feel a lot more desperate the whole time he'd been waiting outside the bathroom door, and when he had been told to go sit back down by the flight attendant, it was like a kick to his bladder. He was very scared now that he might not make it after all unless the turbulence ended very soon. at least Alex got to go, he thought. He didn't have to worry about that anymore.

Alex kept on leaking each time the plane jerked. He felt tears brimming in his eyes just from the pain alone. And then, the tears were going down his cheeks instead. 'It hurts,' he thought. 'It hurts, it hurts, it hurts!' He knew what relief had felt like from those few, sweet seconds in the restroom and he wanted that feeling back NOW. He'd never had to cut off a pee midstream like that before, especially not one he'd needed so intensely. His muscles were burning and felt like worn out rubber bands that had lost all their tension. "Hnnnnn" he muttered. "Can't hold it..." 

Adam stopped shimmying and twisting for the briefest of seconds when he heard that. His brows knit in confusion. Bouncing up and down in his chair as he turned to face Alex, he asked "Can't... Alex, didn't you JUST go?" 

Alex shook his head miserably. "Only... Only a little bit, I couldn't finish because they knocked on the door and said I had to go sit back down immediately." 

Adam felt his heart clench and drop, until it felt like the weight of it was pressing atop his bladder. Alex had forced himself to cut off his flow right in the middle of a VERY urgent piss. Adam had ended up being interrupted midstream a couple times by something startling him and making him stop for a few seconds. But, it was only ever for a few seconds, he hadn't ever been stopped and then forced to carry on holding it for an undetermined length of time. "Alex... You could have finished, I'm sure they didn't mean you had to do that," he said. 

Alex leaned back against his chair and stared at the ceiling, moaning as his hands dug between his legs, "I'm an idiot!" 

"Hey, no," Adam said. "You're not. You got confused, and that's okay. It doesn't mean you're dumb. They shouldn't have said 'immediately', they should have said 'as soon as you're finished'." Adam felt like he was being over-dramatic now, twisting his hips back and forth needfully when he knew that Alex must have been a whole lot worse off... 

Alex tightened his ankles around each other. “H—How much longer until I can go again?” 

Adam frowned, chewing his lip. “I don’t know…” he admitted. “We have to wait for the plane to stop bouncing. Hopefully soon.” 

Alex hoped so too. His bladder was still struggling to stitch itself back together again after the torment of being closed back up midstream. He didn’t understand it. Why did it feel like he had to go WORSE now? He’d peed a little, his bladder was emptier! He should have felt at least a tiny bit better! 

The bouncing and shaking of the plane wasn’t helping him at all. Each bump drew forth a little whimper, his eyes growing watery. But, when the tears fell, his cheeks weren’t the only things getting wet. A dribble of pee was snaking its way out of his body, dampening his boxers and no matter how much he twisted around, he couldn’t make it stop, he could only slow it down. Fear clamped a fist around his body, squeezing hard into his bladder and threatening to turn the drips into an actual stream. “Adam—!” he whispered urgently. “I’m— I— I’m going a little…” 

Adam squeezed Alex’s shoulder, trying to comfort him. “It’s— It’s okay. I’m sure it won’t be that much longer…” 

Alex managed to stop his dripping for a moment, but before he could relax and convince himself his bladder was calming down, a spurt hissed out. And another. And another. “I— I can’t stop…” he told Adam. “I can’t— I need the restroom so bad, it won’t stay in!” his voice was getting quieter and quieter with every word, and he felt certain everyone else on the plane could hear him anyway. 

Adam anxiously worried at his lip. Poor Alex was in such obvious agony, and Adam actually managed to HEAR it when one of his leaks jetted out. Alex’s hands were still wedged between the crease of his wriggling thighs, but they clearly weren’t enough to plug him closed anymore. 

“I can— I can help you hold it,” Adam said. “Do you want me to?” 

“Y—Yes, please,” Alex begged. He couldn’t hold it anymore, his bladder was too full, it couldn’t fit everything! 

Adam pressed one of his hands between Alex’s legs, reinforcing the hold his boyfriend already had against his crotch. Adam squeezed as tight as he could. 

Immediately, the relief of a THIRD hand jammed against his crotch was magnificent for Alex. Three hands were better than two. So much better. He moved silently closer to Adam, shifting and widening the angle of his thighs so Adam could get an even better grip. He leaned his head on Adam’s shoulder, taking shallow breaths. 

“Helping?” Adam asked. 

“Yes…” Alex mumbled out his gratitude. “Don’t let go.” 

Adam didn’t let go, and as the turbulence continued, he ended up needing to press his other hand against his own groin, bucking himself against it. He kept his eyes fixed on the seatbelt light above them both, begging it to switch back off. He felt every shift in Alex’s hips, every time his thigh muscles tensed or spasmed. He knew the precise moments Alex’s bladder was upsetting him the most. 

Finally, the light went off. The plane was flying smoothly again. 

"Sweet thing," Adam said softly. "You can get up now, you can go." He was a little concerned about how Alex was going to walk to the toilet now, and imagined himself carrying him there, all the while hoping his own bladder didn't break apart at the added tension. But, when Alex shot to his feet at lightning speed, Adam thought that if he hurried, if he really, really hurried, he'd be okay. 'I NEED him to hurry...' Adam thought to himself. All through the torturous turbulence, his bladder had been knocked around as badly as Alex's had been, and he knew he had very little time left before he broke apart and lost it. 

Alex moved as fast as he could to the restroom. There was no doubt in his mind he had to go worse than Adam did. He had to go worse than anyone on the planet had ever had to go at any point in history, for sure! His bladder was shrieking and screaming in intense agony that he couldn't stand to bear another second! He practically threw himself into the restroom and nosily turned the lock into place with one hand while the other yanked his zipper down and fished out his prosthetic. He spun around, torturing himself a few moments longer as he ensured the cup of his STP was right where it needed to be-- Imagine going through all that suffering only to get a lot of pee in his clothes anyway because he hadn't positioned everything right!-- Once he was positive everything was okay, he didn't even need to tell himself to pee. It just happened. He was gushing an entire waterfall, the feeling of the plane in motion didn't stop him at all like it had done before. He was going, ohhhh, he'd needed this! 

Just like before, his eyes drooped closed and he began to smile softly. "Mmmmmm..." he hummed out, tension flooding from his body and leaving nothing but wonderful, glorious emptiness behind. His stream pounding into the waterless toilet was extremely loud and if he'd been in a better frame of mind, that might have embarrassed him, but all he could even comprehend was how good this felt. He'd waited so long, almost too long, and now he just felt so, so much better.

This time, Alex was able to gush away until he was finally good and empty. He zipped up and opened the door, finding Adam standing beside it and squirming from head to toe. “I’m sorry…” he said. “I hope I didn’t take too long.” 

“I—It’s fine,” Adam promised him, rushing into the restroom. 

Alex didn’t go back to his seat yet, instead waited outside the door for Adam. He was able to hear some frantic rustling, followed by a strong hiss and relaxed moan. ‘Did I sound like that?’ Alex wondered, blushing. 

Adam came back out a moment later and took Alex’s hand, leading him back to their row. “Ahhh, that’s better,” he said. 

“I’m really sorry I made you wait,” Alex reiterated. 

“Don’t worry about it, silly…” Adam said, stroking Alex’s hand gently. “I made it okay, you didn’t take too long.”

