Diving into Desire

Author: squirtuk

*000*2026-01-18 12:38

Title: Diving into Desire

Chapter 1: The Drive to Temptation

Lauren’s fingers gripped the steering wheel tightly, the hum of her old Ford a steady backdrop to the storm of anticipation brewing inside her. The bright red trouser suit she wore, a daring choice for her usually very reserved self, caught the faint glow of the dashboard lights as she drove through the night. Underneath, a crisp white blouse clung to her, paired with sheer stockings and polished shoes. Beneath it all, a Speedo one-piece hydrasuit hugged her body, a conservative layer meant to protect her from exposing too much. She’d chosen it deliberately, a safety net against her own vulnerability, though her heart raced with the thrill of what lay ahead.

She was headed to a private health club two towns over, far enough from her quiet suburban life to ensure anonymity. The event—an adults-only, anything-goes evening at a health club’s swimming pool—had come to her attention through a late-night scroll in an obscure internet chat room. It was a whispered secret among those who shared her hidden desires, a place where kinks could be unleashed without judgment. For Lauren, a shy 38-year-old accountant who’d spent years suppressing her deepest urges, it was a siren call she couldn’t ignore.

Her thighs shifted restlessly in the driver’s seat. The anticipation had already ignited a heat between her legs, and she worried the dampness might have soaked through her swimsuit into her trousers. The thought only further fuelled her arousal, a forbidden thrill she couldn’t shake. Adding to the tension was her bladder, painfully full after hours of nervously drinking water and coffee. The pressure was both a discomfort and a strange aphrodisiac, amplifying with every mile she drew closer to her destination.

Lauren’s mind drifted to her past as the lane unrolled before her. Her failed marriage to Michael, a straight-laced engineer who’d recoiled at her confessions, loomed large. She’d been 29 when she’d first hinted at her fascination with wetlook, clothing soaked through, clinging to skin and watersports, the taboo rush of relinquishing control. “That’s disgusting, Lauren. What’s wrong with you?” Mark had snapped, his face twisted in revulsion. The shame had buried her desires deeper.

But not extinguished them.

Alone in their shared apartment, she’d indulged in private moments—standing in the shower fully dressed, letting water cascade over her jeans and t-shirt, or, daringly, wetting herself in a pair of leggings while standing in the bathtub. The release, both physical and emotional, had been electric, but tinged with guilt.

After the divorce at 32, she’d moved to a new town, taken a staid job at a mid-sized accounting firm, and kept her kinky secrets deeply locked away.

Until now.

The chat room had offered a lifeline, a community that understood. This event was her chance to step out of the shadows, even if just for one night.

Chapter 2: Stepping into the Unknown

The health club appeared on the horizon, an unassuming brick building tucked away from prying eyes. Lauren parked, her hands trembling as she grabbed her small duffel bag of spare clothes for the drive home. She took a deep breath, the weight of her full bladder pressing harder now, her body humming with nervous energy. This was it. No backing out.

Inside, the receptionist flashed a knowing smirk as she handed over a waiver form. Lauren scribbled her name, her pulse hammering, and headed to the changing room. She hurriedly stuffed the duffel bag containing her dry clothes, nothing flash, just necessary for her drive home, into a locker, her fingers lingering on the lock as if clinging to normalcy. Standing there, still fully dressed, she felt the heat pooling lower, the dampness undeniable now. Closing her eyes, she psyched herself up to step into the pool area and bare her fantasies to strangers.

“You alright, hon?” A voice cut through her haze. Lauren blinked to see a woman in a black swimsuit, hair damp from a swim, eyeing her with concern. “First time here?”

“Yeah,” Lauren admitted, her cheeks burning. “I’m... pretty nervous.”

The woman grinned, resting a hand on Lauren’s shoulder. “No need to be. You’re amongst friends. Nobody’s judging. Forget your inhibitions and have fun.”

The words nudged Lauren forward. Squaring her shoulders, she walked out into the pool area, her shoes clicking on the tile.

The space was expansive; a large rectangular pool shimmered at the centre of the hall, surrounded by tables, chairs, and loungers. In one corner, a makeshift bar buzzed with laughter and clinking glasses. People milled about—some swimming, some reclining on loungers. Many were stark naked, skin glistening, while others wore swimsuits of all kinds, including some men in women’s one-pieces. Others, like her, were fully clothed. Here and there a few couples were clearly enjoying each other! The atmosphere was unexpectedly relaxed, almost casual. Lauren thought it was her perfect idea of a Bacchanalian orgy.

Hesitantly Lauren scanned the crowd, looking to see if she recognised anyone. That would have been a real disaster and would have sent her running, her tail between her legs. However, she was mightily relieved to see no familiar faces.

She approached the pool’s edge, her bladder screaming for release. Standing with legs slightly apart, hands on hips, she closed her eyes, her heart thumping like a drum in her chest, threatening to burst through her ribs.

There was still half a chance Lauren’s resolve would fail. She was nervous and excited all at once and her heart told her that she needed to act quickly, before her resolve and bravado failed and she bottled out - racing back to the comfort of her home. Returning to the secure and safe confines of her private locked bathroom.

Lauren decided she was done running and hiding. It was now or never.

With a shaky breath, she let go. Just a little bit. A warm trickle started, seeped through her swimsuit, and down her legs, lightly dampening her trousers. Her face flamed with a mix of shame and exhilaration as the flow grew and her trousers darkened. She glanced around, half-expecting someone to rush over and scold her. But no one did. A man nearby caught her eye, offering a subtle nod and a smirk. A woman on a lounger winked approvingly.

Buoyed up with the apparent approval Lauren bore down on her bladder, the flood intensifying, saturating her clothes. The physical relief, paired with the sheer taboo of it all and being amongst likeminded people pushed her over the edge. Her body quaked as a powerful orgasm hit, silent but shattering. Like her climax, the waterfall seemed to go on forever, pee forcing its way out of her womanhood into the gusset of her swimsuit, pleasuring her with hot pulsing sensations, before cascading down her legs into her shoes and onto the tiles around her.

When the flow finally dwindled and gave out she stood panting, regaining her composure, savouring the euphoria that, like her pee, had flooded her whole being. The dark stain on her trousers bore testament to her innermost secret for everyone see.

Something had lifted inside; her shyness seemed to drain away with the pee, replaced by a raw, unshackled confidence.

Chapter 3: Diving In

Emboldened, Lauren became overcome with a desire to flaunt her wetness, she casually strolled around the pool, her shoes squelching with pee, allowing everyone to witness her, somewhat dishevelled, state. She received many positive encouraging glances. As she walked the wet material of her trousers rubbed deliciously against the inside of her thighs, further exciting her. She became overcome with the desire to completely soak her clothes and revel in the release of another orgasm. At the deep end of the pool she turned to the edge and without pausing executed a perfect dive, slicing through the water. The coolness washed over her, erasing all evidence of her previous act. Her soaked clothes clung tight to her body like a lovers embrace. She felt like she was being caressed by a million hands.

Surfacing with a loud whoop, she felt reborn, all her inhibitions dissolved. She swam to the shallow end, nestling into a corner for a private moment. Slipping a hand under the waistband of her trousers she touched herself through the gusset of her swimsuit, the wet fabric and water amplifying every stroke. Another climax built fast, and she bit her lip to muffle a gasp as it crashed through her.

Leaning against the pool wall, Lauren’s thoughts drifted to her past indulgences. After her divorce, she’d rented a small cabin by a lake one summer, telling herself it was for “relaxation.” Late at night, she’d waded into the water in an old sundress, letting it billow and cling as she submerged. Another time she’d stood on the shore, heart racing, and peed through her knickers, the warm stream mixing with the cool lake water lapping at her ankles. The memory still made her shiver with delight, though she’d never shared it with anyone.

Climbing out of the pool, she savoured the heavy drip of water from her trousers and blouse, the fabric tugging with every step. She wandered toward a group of women her age seated near the bar. Some were fully dressed, others in one-piece swimsuits, and they beckoned her over with easy smiles.

“Damn, love the look,” a woman in a tight blue swimsuit said, eyeing Lauren’s drenched outfit. “Did you just... come, right there by the pool, when you pissed yourself?”

Lauren nodded, a shy grin creeping up. “Yeah. First time doing it in front of anyone.”

“That’s ballsy,” another woman with a cocktail chimed in. “How’d it feel?”

“Mind-blowing... and like... freedom,” Lauren said, her voice steadier. “Better than I ever imagined.”

The blue swim suited woman stood, a glint in her eye. “Sod it, I’m trying it now.” She spread her legs a bit, closing her eyes. A faint stream trickled down, darkening her suit, and her face flushed with pleasure, as her inhibitions faded and her flow increased. Her hand strayed to her crotch and almost unconsciously she rubbed herself through the material as pee cascaded from her crotch. “Holy shit, that’s good,” she breathed, laughing softly.

The group cheered, and Lauren felt a rush of belonging. She wasn’t alone anymore.

Chapter 4: Mark’s Hidden Depths

As the chat flowed, Lauren’s gaze wandered to the pool. A man swam lazily in jeans and a t-shirt, the faint outline of a women’s swimsuit visible beneath. Her curiosity spiked, but it wasn’t until he turned that her she caught her breath.

She knew him! Mark, from her office at the accounting firm! Quiet, unassuming Mark, who always seemed buried in reports. Mark who brought in homemade cookies every Friday! He caught her eye, flashed a friendly smile, and waved.

Her stomach twisted with dread. What if this got back to work? Had she just, quite unintentionally, brought down her whole world? Fear and panic washed through her but she managed to force a smile and wave back. Mark swam over, climbing out near her. Water dripped from his clothes. Up close, the ladies one-piece suit under his t-shirt was unmistakable.

It was the one piece swimsuit that allowed Lauren’s confidence to return. The LADIES one piece swimsuit. He was not going to broadcast her peccadilloes around the office, for fear of his work mates finding out about his!

“Hey, Lauren,” he said, voice warm but cautious. “Didn’t think I’d run into you here.”

“Same,” she stuttered. “I figured I’d be anonymous this far from home.”

He chuckled, running a hand through wet hair. “Yeah, it’s not exactly office gossip material is it! I’ve been coming to these events for a couple years now. Guess we’ve got a shared interest.”

Her eyes flicked to his outfit. “You’re into...?”

“Wetlook, watersports, even a bit of cross-dressing, if you mean my choice of... er.... underwear , the whole deal,” he admitted quietly. “Seeing you out there—wetting yourself like that by the pool—it was... honestly, pretty hot. I’ve thought you were cute for a while, but I never figured you’d be into this too.”

Lauren flushed at the compliment, a spark of excitement flickering. But first, she needed to know more about him. “How’d you get into this stuff?” she asked, settling onto a nearby chair. He joined her, water still dripping from his jeans.

Mark leaned back, gaze distant. “I guess it all started when I was a late teen. I grew up near a river, and one summer, I fell in fully dressed—jeans, hoodie, everything. Felt weirdly good, the way the clothes stuck to me. I kept doing it on purpose after that. In college, I dated a girl who was into messing around in the shower with clothes on. We’d soak each other and get handsy... it stuck with me. After my marriage fell apart—my then wife thought I was a freak because of it. Later I started seeking out places like this. Had a thing a few years back where I’d sneak into hotel pools at night, dressed up, just to feel the rush.

“And the swimsuit?” Lauren pressed home the question.

Mark almost blushed. “ I’ve always liked to see women wearing a one piece swimsuit” he admitted,” and as I grew a bit older I wondered what it would be like to wear one for myself. Eventually curiosity got the better of me, and I pinched my wife’s swimming costume on time when she was out. From that point I was hooked. Though now I’m a bit concerned that it might be a bit too much for you at our first meeting like this.”

“No its fine, not a problem” Lauren assured him, smiling, “I guess it’s not really any worse than anything else we’ve been indulging in this evening.”

“Enough about me” said Mark “What about you?”

Lauren hesitated, and then opened up. “I’ve always liked the feel of wet clothes, playing in the rain. But it got... more, over time. My ex hated it, called me disgusting. So I hid it. Only exploring my kinks in the solitude of a locked bathroom. Once I rented a cabin by a lake and used the cover of darkness to enjoy myself. Tonight’s the first time I’ve ever done anything like this in front of other people, you know, being open about it.”

Mark nodded, understanding in his eyes. “I’ve been wanting to ask you out for months, but figured you’d run a mile screaming if you knew that I liked this sort of thing. Now, though... Well.....Er.....Would you like to have a quiet drink sometime? No pressure. We don’t have to mention any of this if you’re not ready.”

She considered it, the risk still nagging her but his sincerity shone through and eventually she let the new, confident Lauren do the talking. “Okay,” she said at last. “That sounds really good. But let’s keep the... you know, wet stuff out of it for now. I want to see what else we’ve got in common.”

He grinned, relieved. “Deal. I’ll text you tomorrow to set it up.”

Chapter 5: Deeper Connections

The night stretched on, and Lauren and Mark talked more, sharing lighter stories of work and hobbies, easing into a tentative rapport. Around them, the pool area pulsed with quiet energy—splashes, murmured conversations, the occasional laugh. Lauren watched a couple in the shallow end, fully clothed, kissing as water lapped at their waists and hands lapped around each other. Another man stood near the bar, visibly peeing in his khakis, a faint smirk on his face as a woman beside him watched with interest.

“Ever think you’d feel this... normal about it?” Mark asked, following her gaze.

“No,” Lauren admitted. “I’ve spent so long feeling like a weirdo. But here, it’s just... okay.”

“Yeah,” he said. “First time I came to one of these, I just stood around for an hour, too scared to do anything. Then I saw a guy dive in wearing a full suit—tie and all—and thought, screw it! Jumped in myself, jeans, shirt and all. Felt so right.”

“The thing is” he added “I’m not sure that I would want all of this to be completely normal in society. I think part of the attraction, for me, is that most people would not understand these strange desires we have and it makes this so much more thrilling sort of naughty and taboo and exciting all at the same time.

Lauren laughed softly. “Wish I’d found a place like this sooner. Back at that lake cabin, I was so paranoid someone would see me. I wore this old dress into the water at midnight, floating around there soaking, and touching myself I nearly passed out from the high. But I was alone. This is so much better.”

Their conversation drifted, and soon, they joined a small group near the bar. A woman in a soaked sundress teased Mark about his swimsuit-under-jeans combo. “You’ve got style, man. Ever try it with heels?”

“Nah,” he shot back, grinning. “But I’ve got a stash of women’s swimsuits at home. Feels... tight in the best way.”

Lauren raised a brow, intrigued. “You’ve got a collection?”

“Guilty,” Mark replied. “Bit of an obsession really, if I'm honest. Started buying them online a few years back. I wear them under my t-shirt at events like this. Sometimes just around the house, if I’m feeling it. EBay's one quite well out of me!” If I'm honest it was seeing your swimsuit peeping out from the neck of your blouse that tipped me into thinking about coming over and speaking to you".

The group laughed, and Lauren felt another layer of her guard slip. She shared her own story of scavenging thrift stores for cheap clothes to soak, relishing the way they’d clung to her in the bath on quiet nights.

Chapter 7: The Shower

The evening was winding down, the crowd thinning as people began to drift toward the changing rooms. Lauren’s body still hummed with the afterglow of the night’s adventures, as well as the promise of her new found knight in shining armour.

Having said goodnight to both her new found lady friends as well as a lingering goodnight to Mark, Lauren made her way back to the changing room for a shower.

The shower room was tiled in cool blues and whites, the sound of running water echoing off the walls. She stepped under a free showerhead and let the water cascade over her clothed body. The warmth was a relief, soothing the tension in her muscles. She tilted my head back, closing her eyes as the water rinsed away the chlorine, the sweat, and any remnants of the evening’s daring release.

Lauren was so lost in the sensation that she didn’t hear the door open, didn’t notice the footsteps until a voice broke through the steady rush of the water.

“Mind if I join you?”

Lauren opened her eyes to see a woman standing close by; she wore a red one-piece swimsuit, the fabric clinging to her in all the right places. But what caught her attention was the dark, unmistakable stain at the crotch of her suit. My breath hitched.

“Not at all,” She said, stepping aside to give her space.

The woman turned on the shower beside Lauren’s, the water sluicing over her body. “I saw you earlier,” she admitted, her voice low but confident. “When you… you know, by the pool.” She glanced down at her own suit, a small smile playing at her lips. “I wanted to try it myself. But I didn’t have your confidence do it out there, so I tanked myself up at the bar, then went and sat on a toilet.” She laughed softly, shaking her head. “I didn’t expect it to feel so good. I ended up touching myself right there. It was an absolute rush when I came!”

Lauren felt a flush creep up my neck, but it wasn’t embarrassment. It was excitement. “I know what you mean,” She said, my voice barely above a whisper. “There’s something about it—about letting go like that.”

She nodded, her eyes meeting mine. “It’s like… a release in more ways than one.”

They stood there for a moment, the water running between us, the air thick with unspoken understanding. There was no judgment, no shame—just two women who had discovered something about themselves tonight.

“I’m Lauren,” she said, extending a hand.

“Nina,” said Nina, shaking the proffered hand. Her grip was warm, her smile genuine.

They didn’t say much after that, but the silence was comfortable. They showered side by side, the water washing away the physical remnants of the evening, but the memories—the thrill, the freedom—would stay with both of them forever.

Chapter 8: The Drive Home

Lauren stripped out of my sodden clothes in the changing room, the fabric heavy and cooling against her skin. Her clothes proved a little difficult to remove, as the water proved to be very good at making them cling to her skin. When it came to her swimsuit Lauren returned to the shower, where Nina was still finishing off, and asked her to slip down the rear zip so she could remove it with ease. She dried off quickly, the towel rough but comforting, and pulled on the dry clothes she’d brought—underwear and a simple dress and a cardigan, nothing like the bold outfit I’d arrived in. The wet clothes were wrung out and went into a plastic carrier bag, the evidence of the night tucked neatly away.

The drive home was quiet, the roads nearly empty at this late hour. Lauren rolled down the window, letting the cool night air rush in, carrying with it the scent of rain and earth. Her mind replayed the evening in vivid detail: the nervous anticipation as she arrived, the rush of peeing herself in public, the climax that ensued, the conversations with the women, and the unexpected connection with Mark.

She thought about how different she felt—lighter, somehow. The weight of shame and secrecy that she’d carried for so long had lifted. She’d done things she thought she’d never have the courage to do, and instead of feeling ashamed, she felt completely alive.

As Lauren pulled into my driveway, she sat in the car for a moment, just breathing, enjoying the edited highlights of the evening in her mind. When she did enter her house all was dark and silent. She carried my bag of wet clothes inside, dropping it by the washing machine to deal with in the morning. She didn’t bother turning on the lights—she knew her way by heart.

Lauren collapsed into bed, her body still humming and her mind racing with possibilities. Sleep came easier than it had in years, deep and full of dreams, mostly about wet encounters with Mark.

Epilogue: The Morning After

Lauren woke to sunlight streaming through the curtains, her body aching in the best way. For a moment, she lay there, savouring the warmth, the quiet, the lingering sense of satisfaction and liberation.

Suddenly, her phone buzzed on the nightstand. It was a message from an unknown number.

Hey, it’s Mark. Last night was… amazing, unexpected, In a REALLY good way, but completely amazing. Are you still up for that coffee?

Lauren smiled, her fingers hovering over the screen. The old Lauren, the one who hid, who feared exposure and embarrassment, would have hesitated, probably ignored the text. But she wasn’t her anymore.

Absolutely, she typed back. When and where?

Lauren clutched the phone, waiting for a response, her heart light her head giddy with anticipation.

Whatever came next, she was ready for it.

