The adventures of sunny and pals. (An omori fanfic)

Author: splatman55

*000*2022-11-14 13:28

Things to address before the story starts:

1: spoilers for the psychological horror RPG game omori.

2: none of this happens in the real game. (I only mentioned this because people who haven't played might think this does. Idk how. But just in case the warning is here.)

3: I suck at writing and mostly do it on a phone. (So sorry for simple misspellings of grammar mistakes)

Chapter 1: sunny

It was another bright and cheery day in faraway town.

Sunny awoke in his bed. He couldn't wait to see his friends today.

As he got out of bed and got dressed he felt a need for the toilet. but he brushed it off, as it wasn't too bad yet.

When he left his house he saw mari, kel, hero, Aubrey, and basil all standing there. They were probably waiting for sunny.

"Took you long enough, sleepyhead!" Mari teased.

Hero and Aubrey smiled warmly.

Kel was wrapped up in some sort of portable gaming device.

"Let's go to our hangout spot today," hero decided with a smile.

"That sounds fine," Aubrey announced

The group made their way to the hangout spot. But on the way Sunny's bladder started nagging him a bit more. He didn't like to ask for things all too much and figured he could hold it.

"The new captain spaceboy comic doesn't come out for a few months, why do I have to wait so long to know what happens?" Kel questioned.

"It takes time to draw things kel!" Aubrey yelled back at Kel's question.

"Can it you two," hero said while looking at Aubrey.

"Are you okay sunny?" Mari questioned while looking at sunny.

Sunny was holding his crotch a little bit now and moved his legs in a weird way.

Sunny nodded in response to mari's question.

Mari stopped paying attention to sunny because she didn't think much of what she saw.

By the time they made it to their hangout spot sunny felt like he was gonna explode.

He didn't pay attention to what anybody was saying until Aubrey asked sunny for his opinion.

"Um.. y-yeah sure I guess," sunny stuttered.

"You seem focused on something sunny, is something wrong?" Basil questioned sunny.

Sunny shook his head no.

"Well if there ever is anything wrong you can tell us that," hero reassured sunny.

Sunny was basically squirming now and kel was the first to guess what was wrong.

"Sunny do you need to pee?" Kel questioned him.

Sunny nodded.

"So that's what was wrong?" Hero asked.

"That cannot be good for you sunny," Aubrey said worriedly.

Kel took sunny somewhere in the forest.

"It's okay sunny, i've been in this situation too many times," kel reassured sunny.

Sunny eventually undid his pants are started peeing in front of a tree.

He was a little worried but kel reassured him that there was nobody else here.

"Feeling better now?" Kel teased only half joking.

Once sunny finished up kel lead him back to the hangout spot.

"Oh hey sunny! You're back," Aubrey said looking at him.

That's where chapter 1 ends. I'll probably write chapter 2 sometime soon.

*001*2022-12-29 06:12

So I finally found some free time and decided I would update this.

The same spoilers from chapter 1 apply.

Chapter 2: basil's house.

It was day like any other in faraway town. The gang had just arrived at basil's house.

As kel knocked on the door basil answered it.

Once basil did he stood there for a moment thinking what to say.

"H-hello..." Basil muttered.

Basil motioned everyone in and they all got situated.

"So uh... How is everyone?" Basil asked while fidgeting slightly.

"I'm pretty good." Kel responded.

"Things are alright I guess." Hero responded.

Sunny did not reply.

"Me and Aubrey are gonna do so many things soon!" Mari exclaimed, not even trying to hide her excitement.

"Th-that's good..." Basil said.

"Why didn't I pee before everyone got here??" Basil asked himself in his head.

Kel tried messing around with his tv but he couldn't get it to do anything.

"How do you turn on your tv?" Kel asked.

"Oh! I uh...." Basil was started by kel's question.

"I'll go get the remote..." Basil finally managed to reply.

Basil went off looking for the remote.

But he couldn't help but now hold his crotch.

Aubrey whipped out a card game and called everyone over.

Everyone came over, except basil.

Basil eventually found the remote.

While walking back he jammed his hand in his crotch. He didn't want to use the bathroom since he knew his friends were waiting on him.

He eventually made it back but still held his crotch discreetly.

"Oh hey basil! You're back! Did you want to play this card game with us?" Mari asked.

"Yeah... Th-that sounds like fun." Basil replied.

As he sat down his desperation became 1000 times worse.

Sunny observed basil.

Basil became uncomfortable.

"Wh-what are you doing sunny?" Basil asked while firmly squeezing his crotch.

He noticed that not only sunny but everybody was observing him.

"Basil? Is something wrong?" Aubrey asked.

"If there is you can just tell us." Hero reassured basil.

"I uh... I uh..." Basil could barely concentrate on his words.

Basil stood up but leaked in his underwear a little.

Basil let out a small shriek.

"I have to pee." Basil finally admitted.

He stood in an odd stance with his hands firmly lodged in-between his legs.

"Basil? How long have you been holding it for?" Mari asked.

Basil slowly walked to his bathroom to avoid leaking.

But even that didn't help.

His floodgates slowly opened more and more.

Until he could no longer contain the gold flood.

He wet himself in front of his friends.

Aubrey and kel became disgusted.

Mari and hero comforted basil.

After basil changed everybody watched TV and then headed home.

That's the end of the first chapter.

