Seashell tide

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*002*2021-12-04 14:41

Cautions: The last part of the chapter can really trigger transgenders beings insecurities like me or anyone in lack of selflove. Proceed carefully. I cried when I wrote it, it was too much positive and love. I couldn't retain the tears. Remind that however I describe my characters, I'm pan and I absolutely don't care about someone's appearance. I hope you will be happy in your life. Take care of you, if you can't have strength to do it, I'll force you. Take care of yourself, really.

Love on my sisters here and everywhere they are.

The remain of the week, and the week after, Vesta continued her games. Roleplaying, cuddling her plushy, sometimes she would just sit on the chair and relief, sometimes she would truly plan holding and wetting, sometimes she would go there when she's bored, in the privacy and the intimacy of the attic... The time passes, but she surprisingly behave enough as she works nicely to get money, as she's not less wanting to be independent.

Like the first day when the rush of her bladder stroke her the first time, she would sometimes let go right in her black or dark enough clothes or skirt, right where she is, when she have a kinky need to play around or when she's bored, and even if it arouses her rather much, she don't always make herself cum or touch herself after peeing in her clothes. In fact her naughty activities, since they are a bit regular and scheduled, helps her regulating her stress and hornyness, doing such, she's less horny at random times and more concentrated in work, and also she progressed quite bit in videogames too.

But after the best week of her life, aunt Fairye's boyfriend came back from his work's travels, and Vesta can possibly guess why she was so shy to do her habits, she stopped right away, as her auntie and her new boyfriend seems to enjoy themselves, getting caught now would be so much risks, as he works at reverse hours of auntie most of the time, and she's working herself when they're both not at home between 10am and 4pm, so she couldn't find time to stay naughty like she really needs to.

Vesta tried to masturbate in her own bed, but it wasn't enough, she even brought back her teddy bear, but as she have to be quiet since they're just meters away, she would feel so embarrassed although she would be just relieving her natural needs. She thinks it's naughty to have done what she's been doing this famous week and that's a part of why it were so exciting, being aroused is uncomfortable for her otherwise, that's actually why she's always in heat at random times, she don't relief herself if she's not in the mood as she so shy to let her kitty the right to make her do naughty things when she's not single in the house, and she didn't had chance to be alone at home yesterday.

Today Vesta wakes up awfully, the undoing of her stress and tension going in her haven't been done yesterday's morning or evening either, she breakfast nervously, and going to work with a barely able to concentrate mind. The day is exceedingly long, she can't find products correctly in the storage of the supermarket to brought them to the shoppings bags of the clients of the drive, she don't commit errors but she is significatively longer than usual, and definitively slower than this week where she were so satisfied.

Although she thinks she won't wet herself anymore, she still drinks well to be hydrated, so she maybe can try to find recomfort by peeing her half bladder in the toilet like a good girl she have to be now, she done it in the shower yesterday, holding it from 2pm to 6pm while she's being hydrated enough, so it didn't got dirty in the shower.

She did in the shower yesterday while washing herself then, and with her old habits, she really ached, it was so strong, her need, she wanted to touch her kitten so much, but both of her incumbents were home, she peed her not bursting or desperate but a good 60% of her maximum capacity bladder, it wasn't enough to even have a peegasm, she felt so tingly and she felt her heart beating in her clitoris for the rest of the evening, until she tried to sleep. What a fail, obviously.

She couldn't sleep before 1 or 2am, whiches is absolutely late for her, she turned and turned in her bed, sweating, also she got up to go to the toilet 3 times before reaching sleepness, as if she felt an ever-so-gently amount in her bladder, she really had to fight to not wet her bed on purpose, although would it be really on purpose if it's the aching need and hornyness that would make her do that? She don't know. She felt exausted. She felt ridiculous. She soon got back to sadness again, and it was even painfuller than previously.

After a week finally aside, Vesta was coming back from her workplace to her car. She is walking, on the side of the road, downtown, there is traffic, not too much but it's still 6pm (Her work have shifts, so she have different timetable sometimes) so it's not quiet, and she sometimes have to avoid people going in the counter direction of her. After a while, she perceive someone, kneeled on the ground, her face hidden.

Vesta release the figure have their face in their hands, and by their shoulders and bust, they trembled like if they were sobbing and crying. After some meters she is close enough to hear the cries, but no one stops by, anyone should have asked something by now right? She's been here for almost a minute or two, crying there. Would someone going to react or not? 'I- I think I should help this woman...' She thought, shyly.

She stops by, and wait, like if the character down here is gonna stop loudly crying as soon as she is in face of her. After a moment, eventually, she would take her courage in hands.

"Um. Sorry?" She cleans her throat. "Are you okay?" She asks.

The woman get her head up, and she look right in her green eyes. Vesta glances at the suitcase and the bag there is around her.

"Is something wrong miss?" She would ask. As the woman stops crying but don't say anything, she tries to say something else. "Do you want me to help you or such?"

"I-. I-. I don't have help right now. I'm-" The woman tries to speak in a strong german-like accent.

"Oh wow, um..." She is surprised by hearing the foreign accent. "Do you understand me?"

For little story explanations here, Vesta lives in UK, she speaks english (even if I may not write it good) and a relatively little of french but don't know german. Vesta is wearing random clothes, a shirt and a jean, but the woman on ground is wearing a gray hoodie, and seems to be wearing PJ's under it as the fleece of the material is colorful and looks quiet soft.

"Do you have a home?" Vesta asks.

"I am not at home..." She replies in her broken voice.

"What is your name? Who are you?" She asks.

"Angelika." She replies.

"Alright, my name is Vesta. It's fine, I'm gonna help you, but you have to get out of the way, people gonna step on you." She warns her.

"What?" She respond.

Vesta tries to do signs, but it's ridiculous.

"Where do you come from?" Vesta questions her.

"Um. France." Angelika respond.

"Do you speak- um- the french?" She asks in french.

"Yes I speak french. Do you speak french?" She asks in french.

"Um. A little bit." She respond. Although it's sounds like "A pautty peu", whiches super cute.

"Okay well I guess it's better to speak in french, we're going to understand eachother way better." Angelika suddenly speak in an actually good french. "I'm not gonna ask you to help me much, I think you certainly have things to do right?"

"Oh wow slow down please, I did not speak french since classes lessons." She says clumsily in french.

"Yes of course I am sorry. I said you don't have to help me, I'm a lost cause anyway." She speaks clearly.

"Why would you say that?" She asks. "What's going on?"

"I can't get home, I don't have money for a train or boat ticket right now." She precises her situation.

"Maybe I can buy it for you." She tries to say. "I can pay for you."

"If you're okay with that. But I don't even know where to go after that." She replies. "I have no one that can take care of me nonetheless."

"Come, I am going to help you." She replies.

They walk until Vesta's car and get inside it.

"I will drive you in the city center, you may find someone to help you there." She propose.

"Okay, thank you very much." She replies.

They drive though the city a bit, and then they stop the car, parked somewhere in middle of builings and city's business to start to talk, although it's a countryside city, so there is no endless heights skyscrapers, but the roads are tiled and people walk everywhere.

"So, tell me, how old are you miss?" Vesta asks.

"I'm 26 years old." She respond.

"Okay, you're a bit older than me. What are you doing here? By yourself, on your own... I would never get out of the region, even the city if it's at winter." She asks.

"I'm absolutely crazy. I was here for a girlfriend." She explains herself, being in a bit of a crying again. Her personality seems front and bold, confident and courageous, but right now she is in really bad mood and situation. "But she let me down, just like everyone else" She cries.

"Oh no I'm sorry, don't cry please." She tries to excuse herself.

"No. Don't be sorry. I'm just stupid to still trust in love. How weak I am, I can't stand I'm so pathetic!" She sublty cries.

"No don't say that. You know, I've been not really accepted myself and I'm single for a while now, I know what you're feeling." She says, trying to sympathize.

"Oh really?" She says before she starts rambling. "Did you left your country for her? Did you promised yourself to marry her, did you called her everyday on cam or phone to take news, while she was obviously not caring about you atall, and when you litteraly move across a sea for her, she throw you off, just because she learns one or two things about you that she's too bigheaded to accept, and you find yourself alone and lonely again one more time??" She cries.

She covers her face with her hands again, and cries. After a moment, Vesta senses she's calming a bit.

"Hey there... Have you finished?" She asks shyly.

"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I shouldn't have said that to you. You're so way out of my sphere. You won't understand." She respond, calmed, her beautiful voice is so nice to hear.

"Why?" She asks, without getting answered. Then she stares at the hooded face in her car. "Show me your face..."

The foreign woman seems to hesitate at first, but then she get the hood down to reveal her head and lean close to her. Her skin is mixed resulting in a blend of very slightly dark asians shades, her eyes are brown and narrow, she seems less trimed than Vesta as she have a tiny bit of facial hairs, her nose is big, her lips are common, her overall face is covered in red acne and her eyebrows are thick. It's a bit unclear at that point so it would be possible to wonder on her gender, but her voice and clothes are feminine enough, and since she didn't corrected calling her 'miss', Vesta guess it's right.

She stands closehere to her for a while, face in face, eyes in eyes. At this state, Vesta feels a lot of conflicting thoughts in her mind.

"I-" She tries to speak before nothing intelligent comes to her mind.

She feel a need, a very strong, deep need, a will, a curiousity, something she would really likes to try to do right now. But she's hesitant. Adrenaline rushes allthrough her and makes her feels like she's right now deciding a major life decision.

"Are you switching from strangers to potential lovers here?" Vesta asks, in a naughty smile, trying to prepare the terrain to maybe something more. "Because I feel myself comfortable staring at your beautiful face like that, so if you don't make us stop we're gonna stay here all night."

"No you're just kidding me right now. Say it. Say the truth. I'm ugly." Angelika states that not that firmly, Vesta senses she don't really thinks it's false or that she's just trying to trigger her comfortement, or maybe both, while she stares at her sweet, brown, love demanding eyes.

She observe her eyes, her tiny little eyes that tells somehow so much, so much suffering she had endured, so much crying she've done alone, by herself in her room, surely way more than her own 'sometimes a little lonely' cries, which are ridiculous when she thinks about them right now. Vesta feels a strong tingle in her panties. Her clitoris wakes up, as her body senses the sexual tension of the situation. That sudden excitement make her courageous enough, or crazy enough, or both at the same time to go further with this nice woman.

"Actually don't stay so close from me unless you wanna me to kiss you..." She tries to warn her. "And I see in your eyes you really would like me to kiss you so I mean are you sure you're not going to stay with me for a week or two then you're gonna seduce another girlfriend? I don't wanna my heart broken you know..." She asks.

"Are you mocking me or something? I mean seriously dude, didn't you've seen my face by now? Who do you think I'm gonna seduce here?" She says in her naturally playfully voice, allthought it's obvious she's not that joking unfortunately, as her experience talks in her voice when she says that. "With my unexistant english and my french..." She continues to rambles.

"You're so cute. I like your eyes. I like how you look at things. Your gaze is wonderfull." Vesta says softly.

"Oh really? You're going to flirt that hard with me now?" She plays. "Do you really need a girlfriend that badly?"

"I don't know, I'm shy to tryout, it'll be my first time." She replies shyly.

"I'm very open to apply to that job honey. What would you say we have a lil date once in a while huh?" She asks.

"In a while? Why not tomorrow?" She asks.

"Well I don't even know where I'm gonna sleep. So unless you have a magic portable resting device I don't think I'm gonna be prepared for a date by tomorrow." She respond in the middle of the sea of the red points on her face, and they are obvious as she's flushed by her compliments.

"You don't need to be prepared for anything. You're fine just like that." Vesta says, as she can't get her eyes off of her private parts from time to time.

"In my PJs. Really. Or are you turned on because you're wondering if I have underwears on?" She smiles, suddenly talking about that subject, which makes Vesta panic a bit.

"What? No! I would never dare to do that!" She says, but her face becomes a tomato while she tries to hide her head.

"Ohhh, that's it huh? You are. You even can't hide yourself from it. You're so naughty, babygirl... I like that..." She whispers, like if she were hiding herself from saying that.

Vesta thought about inviting her to her home but it would be a bit too early to do, and she's way too crazy to do that today. She wouldn't help but jumping on her. They get out of the car after a long silence, and get closer, in front of the car.

"What are you even going to do?" Vesta asks to the foreign woman.

"I don't know, Imma go to this LGBT saloon bar I see over there, although Imma try not to be abused by an transphobic butch in the process of making friends, but I have to take the risk anyway, my gay butt is gonna be so horny all the time and make me completely crazy otherwise."

Vesta is totally flustered by now and giggles. Absolutely embarrassed she is. Angelika told her about herself and a so private thing suddenly, even if they got warm a bit before that, she's suddenly so close. And that turns her on, as she's speaking about that kind of things and needs.

"Oh, it happens to you too?" She asks, playfully, retaining herself to pull her in the car to do her things right now.

"Yeah, and it's gonna hurt really bad since I'm single from today, I don't wanna you to see me in that state..."

"Wait, you said transphobic? So... You're tr-" She starts to say.

"Shhh. Don't say it out loud babygirl, you're going to get us caught." She whispers softly, after putting a finger on her mouth.

Vesta's burning by now. There is no words to describe further that. The burning need spread from her bush to all her body in a second.

"Bye honey!" She smiles. "I may gonna get a wink, just wanna warn you."

"Wait please don't get close with someone already, I wanna date you please." She confess.

"Too late, you didn't had courage to kiss me, now I may get seduced by a more dominant girl than you and she's not going to be nice with you around me, sorry..." She says playfully and giggling.

"No please have my social at least!" She says.

"Tell me in the ear." She replies.

Vesta whispers something in her ear.

"Alright, goodbye my love!" She says.

In an very brief instant, Angelika kisses Vesta, before getting away and waving her hand.

"Bye!!"

"Bye Vesta!" They say to eachother.

Vesta gets home, she drinks a glass of water and diner, and when she get to her room, she waits on her bed. She never felt that for anyone. It was like her heart was cuddling with hers. It was like they are meant to be together. She really is scared she's gonna find someone at the bar or somewhere, but thinking, and being a bit selfish or mean to her, she thought she have no actual chances besides her.

She grab her plush, and started to kiss her. Yes, she chose her plush is a she today, like sometimes she done in her roleplays on the armchair. She couldn't hold it. With that encounter, she won't pass another day without screaming in need and pleasure. She hears the TV is on, they're both here at home, but her cunt didn't even got back to be soft since the moment of the car, she was tickling her, trying to trigger her, her kitten was in need, so much in need. What could she do? What if she couldn't hold it anymore?

She didn't pee since she got home, she's afraid she's not even gonna be able to go in the restroom, because if she undress, what is gonna restrain her from touching, rubbing, peeing and cumming as loudly as she needs to? She really wanna be a good girl, and she's so scared to do these naughty things, even if she can't hold herself, she would like to not do them, really, but it's too late. 'Coming home is too hard with how horny this stupid bitch made me.' she thought in a playfull, naughty undermeaning of her thoughts. She's so much naughty right now, after getting naked, she's laying on her kingsize bed, on top of her blue-greenish teddy bear over the covers, kissing, and grinding on her.

"I don't wait anymore. That's enough. My needs are not taken cared of, I have to do something about it right now." She says sighing softly, trying to play like before, as quiet as she can. "I have to have you head me right now. Use your French tongue on my cunt my lady, I'm not gonna let you breath until you're drown from my cum at least 4 times."

She rides the plush and thinks about her meeting, and she becomes louder and louder. She can't hold the moan, it's so good, she feels the need to wet her face so bad and it builds up inside her. She's right on the verge of doing something really bad. Really naughty. Exceedingly good tho. She grinds and grinds on the squeezed bear face, pushing her face on her with her hands, feeling her excitement dripping from her pussy, even if she washed her bear enough to not have it smells or dirty, but her actual excitement is enough to make it, dirty, wet, squishy, all of her day's stress is going to be relieved, a awful week it have been, she's so eager and greedy right now, she don't even mind to moan, she just let out herself, and almost at the point of coming, she can't hold herself.

A first gush of this clear, salty, well hydrated, yellowgreenish liquid spurts right onto the face of the plushy, loudly, splashing everywhere on her bed. She loudly moan, not even retaining herself by now, and she continues to circles her need, horny, hardrocking clitoris that she likes to play with, and a second gush lands on the plush.

She reaches cumming, the seventh sky, the orgasm, thinking about wetting the face of the love of her life. With the strength of the event, she stopped peeing as her whole body clenches, and by that point, she can hold herself again. Barely tho, her naughtiness telling her to continue to cum one more time and her bladder aching for relieving. She slowly grabs a bit of calmness, slightly.

"Oh no...-" She sighs, still breathing hard.

She touch the bed covers, their a bit wet, it got by the drops exploding from the impact on her stuffy's head, when she remind the sound of it what a pure bless, she almost let go again, sitting on the thick comfortable covers is so much better than the old broken lowcost armchair! She wanna taste how it feels! She have to! How can she manage to hold it in? Maybe it's the sound of the TV, still being on in the background in the lounge room.

"...What I have done?" She asks herself, feeling really guilty.

She touches the covers more to tries to rub it and make it a bit drier. Suddenly the door slams opens.

"What are you doin' in-..." Her busting auntie shout, her mouth wild open. "...here."

Fairye knew her niece should be active by now, but she's surprised it's around 11:50pm she's gonna do that. She thought she was singing. Sometimes she sings. But this time she wasn't. At least the sounds togethers could be identified as a really nice to hear music for us wetters and every other lewd, needy, horny people of most of the globe, meanwhile it wasn't meant to be heard by them. Vesta is not red. Red is not enough for her embarrassment right now. I think she's purple. This moment may feel like it's long for the both of them, but it's nearly instantaneously that she reacts.

"I'm sorry!" She says after she slams the door closed. "Um..." She lose her words a bit, her voice muffled behind the door. "It's time to go to bed darling, you're going to wake up the whole neighborhood if you don't shut it a bit..."

"I'm so sorry auntie I didn't meant to do that I-" She starts whining a bit, really scared of her reaction.

"It's okay darling, get to sleep if you have finished playing. You have to go to work tomorrow don't forget, that's all." She says embarrassed.

"What?" She says softly, not understanding her reaction.

Vesta don't understand. After some minutes she discreetly runs to the bathrooms while she hears they're still watching TV series or stuff. She sit on the toilet and let go, her full bladder, that have been fuller since hornyness making it filledup more.

She put her hands on her mouth, in case she would moan, but she don't, she feels just a slow, quiet peegasm that barely makes her clit tingles, while it's still calming down from the intense, eager orgasm.

She returns to her bedroom, drinks a glass of water as how she's thirsty now, and get in the bed. The slight wetness is warm, it helps her fall asleep quite fastly, and she gonna sleep so well.

So well, that she sleep like a baby. And although it is a good expression when you slept good, the problem is that she actually slept like a baby. Yes. You know what I mean.

She had a wet dream where she would lose it in the middle of her coworkers, and the humiliation was very harsh, but she peegasmed so well, she actually felt like she was going, but in her dream, it was confusing, before falling deeply asleep again.

But besides, Vesta, well, she don't have what a baby have. Yes. She wasn't protected. By anything really, since she was bare bare. She did have nothing to restrain her, the liquids to flow, the cum to spread, laying on her back, legs slightly spread...

Vesta wakes up slowly. She have to go to work, and it's annoying. But soon she felt the sensation there is when you're all wet down there. Her clitoris don't lose a second to become hard and excited.

"Oh no." She soflty speaks. "That is the right moment to have nighttime accidents really."

She feel her bladder is not full or empty, just middle filled. She thinks it must have been soon in the night, when she just come, the bladder of hers was too tired by that time surely.

She got to work and by 14 when she was driving home, she received a message on her social.

"I'm hanging at the cafe. What are you doin'? Do you wanna date or something?" She says.

Vesta don't lose a second and drive through the countryside city to find the cafe. She comes out of the car and walks to the cafe, then she glances at the people here. There is a constellation of beautiful people here, and they are all different, not like in a regular cafe were everyone is not original.

"Hello miss, can I buy you something?" Vesta says in a teasing voice.

"Um, I would like the cute ginger in front of me to come in my room and so I could brush her hairs and talk about boys with her, have a friendly little girl's afternoon and evening, I don't know if that's possible tho..." She plays.

"How much you pay for it?" She plays in a teasing voice.

"I would maybe pass an afternoon of kisses or a evening of cuddling, I don't know, what ever the store takes I'll pay a great price for it." She replies.

"Alright, I'm following you. So you magically have a home huh?" She says.

They start walking and get out of the bar.

"It's one of the main manager of the association of local LGBT+ people's apartment, she's a sister of mine, she have around 35, she's going to teach me a lot of things for my transition and all, she have a shelter where it's free to sleep at for us. All that stuff. I'm almost sleeping under a bridge at 25, my life is a mess, you know, common people struggles." She rambles.

"I like your look today. Is that hers?" Vesta asks pointing the oversized shirt and sweatpants.

"Um... Yes." She replies.

"That's all you've shared with her right?" Vesta asks afraid.

"What are you scared of? She's straight." Explain Angelika, and Vesta smiles. "Mostly." Vesta loses her smile.

"Please, your not going to cheat on me right?" She asks.

"Of course not. I mean are we in a relationship now right?" She asks in return.

"I would say yes." Replies Vesta.

"Oh... Okay." Replies Angelika.

"Why? What did you done with her?" She asks annoyed.

"Okay listen, if you're going to be like that all the time I guarantee you won't hear about me ever again since tomorrow." Angelika set.

"Oh yeah, sorry, I'm just unsecure." She replies.

"Unsecure? What insecurities you could possibly have huh? Unless you're intrinsically a bitch which will make us have some problems as I'm not going to stay in a relationship like the ones before this time, although I say that all the time, we are going to have a nice time together, don't worry." She explains.

"Okay. Yeah of course, I'll try to stay quiet on that. But I really wanna keep you to myself I'm sorry, I can't help it." Vesta confess.

"Oh you can't help it huh?" Angelika replies. "You're so selfish and don't even care about my agree on that do you?" She teases her.

Angelika laboriously open a heavy door in front of a building before they climb stairs.

"Yeah I am. I'm not ashamed of it." She plays.

"Oh really. That's nice." She replies.

She open the apartment door and a cozy room appear through it.

"Oh wow that's so comfy here!" Vesta says when she sit on the couch.

"Well you can come whenever you want here. It's LGBT free anyway. But if you want to see me it's better to message me first, if you don't I may be sleeping or showering or I don't know so I wouldn't want you to wait so long besides the door." She says.

"Oh I don't think I'm gonna wait you get out of your bed or your shower to get to see you." She tease her.

"Oh really?" She smiles. "I'm just right here now so, I don't know what are you waiting for. I'm just for you my british ginger."

Vesta lean closes to her, but she get interrupted by a door noise. Someone comes of a corridor and get to the kitchen, then they open the frigid and get a soda.

"Um. I-" She says.

The figure don't even care about them and get back to the room. Vesta is embarrassed. Angelika throw an eye and see the guy.

"Oh. It's Hunter. He's a trans guy." She explains.

"Hm hm." Mumbles Vesta looking at her with a slightly jealous tone.

"He's gay." She says, but Vesta isn't really convinced. "Hunter, get here."

The nerdy guy appear and signs at the new girl.

"Hi. You're not going to be too loud you two huh? Because I'm gonna call my boyfriend so I wouldn't like to have background noises you know?" He asks.

"Oh um..." Angelika turns her head and look at Vesta, who is dying of blushing right now. So she turns her head back at him and smiles. "It looks like we're going to, sorry."

The guy sighs, already subtly annoyed, and get back to the room further. Angelika smiles at Vesta.

"Are we going to?" Vesta asks shyly.

"What? No..." Says Angelika. "We don't have to. We can just kiss. A nice session of kissing. Like kiss buddies. We can stay buds if you wanna. I'm not begging you to cuddle with me if you don't wanna..."

"You're embarrassing yourself." Vesta tries to retake control. "You look cute when you cart around the subject."

"Oh really. That's why it's your cheeks that are the same color as tomatoes right now maybe?" She teases her.

"Listen I-" She mumbles before cleaning her throat. "I'm not used to being this close to anyone so, yes, I'm blushing." She giggles herself out of embarrassment

"Oh babygirl you're so cute..." She smiles, and she looks down at her body. "Can I... touch your breasts? They look... amazing..." She stares at them and loses her words.

Vesta wear her formal work clothes, a white shirt and a black skirt. Angelika sighs certainly thinking about doing things to her. She raises ever so gently a hand and lead it closer bit by bit to her. But Vesta playfully slaps it and get it down.

"I'm not your babygirl." She smirks.

"Oh I see. I am yours in that case right?" She asks.

"Oh I-" Mumbles Vesta before losing her words. She don't really know what to say, she would like to say yes, but she's so cute and skittish. "Um..."

"Are you not into cute innocent cuddles my shy butt would give you?" She says. "Or you're not really a fan of slow builds?"

"No I didn't meant- I mean I wanna you to feel safe with me. The situation is crazy I know but, I can't be in the mood if it seems I'm abusing you." She confesses. "So even if I really would like to dom you and I do so much, I mean I feel it's kind of strange, I can't really help it."

"That's okay. I understand. But are you really scared of dominance you could have on me while you're so little domme anyway?" She asks.

"I'm a virgin. You're certainly way more experienced than me." Vesta confess blushing.

"You know." Angelika take serious tone, something quite rare elsewhen she talks with her playful voice. "I'm a virgin too."

"You are?" She asks.

"Yes. Besides. I never seen or touch a ciswoman before." She redresses and wiggles closer to her. "I really really wanna feel your breasts right now... Can I?" She asks in a super duper cute, or actually needy tone.

"Of course you can, I'm waiting for your touch since yesterday in my car." She says. "I noticed how you looked at me. I wanted to comeback and yell at you. You turned me on so much I almost got caught coming by my family, you're lucky they didn't because I would have teased you for so long before touching you."

"Oh no you wouldn't, that would torture me so hard." She says in a pre-harmed voice.

Angelika eventually reach her breasts, and grabs them in her hands so tightly... Vesta feel good at her touch even if she's so eager to touch her so she's not really gentle.

"Don't so harsh please." Vesta warns her.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't knew it would hurt." She says.

"No, you didn't hurt me. Its more pleasant when your subtle that's it." She confess.

"Okay. Alright. I'm still learning. Don't judge me, I don't know how to kiss." Angelika confesses.

She slowly lean close to her and she leave a kiss on her lips. Vesta sighs, as the moment is too short for her.

"More. More more more please." She whines.

"Oh my, babygirl, when you whimper for me I feel so great." She trembles.

Angelika have a tear running down her right cheek. Vesta is a bit surprised.

"Are you crying?" She asks curious. "Why are you crying?"

"No I'm not! I'm just so glad I-" Her voice cracks like a middleage teen. She sob a tiny bit, overloaded with lots of different emotions. "I'm so glad someone finally accept my presence around them I- I can't help it." She cries.

Vesta get tears too, as her girl friend is really emotional.

"I'm sorry darling it's so much love I can't..." She cries.

"No... No... What can I do to make you in the mood? I really want you right now. Don't break up please, I'm so needy for you!!" She says eagerly.

She tries to calms down while Vesta hugs her.

"Are you turned on enough to continue or...?" She asks shyly.

"Yes I am." She says.

"I mean are you aroused?" She tries to precise herself.

"What are you asking for exactly?" She replies, shyly too.

"Down there. Are you okay if I go there?" She asks.

"I... I am." She sighs.

Vesta gets on her and lead her laying on the couch. She kisses her, they grind a bit, but Vesta gets closer and closer to her down parts with a hand. Therefor Angelika stops her, grabbing her hand, before she reach there.

"I really want us doing that, but I'm still so confused... Because I know one thing. Don't mention anything about anything there is there, it gets me right into defensive mode really. It overloads my dysphoria in an atomic charge I swear to you. Don't describe. Don't tease me. Don't mock me at all even in a teasing way I assure you I can't take it, and don't try because you don't wanna see that. Don't talk. Don't giggle. Don't say anything. It will hurt me so bad." She cries.

"It's okay. It's alright. I've noticed that." She kisses her. "I won't hurt you my little princess."

When she says this last word Vesta introduce her hands into her intimacy, inside her pants and unders. Angelika moan, she could not hold it at all from this point. A tear run down on each of her cheeks.

"I like it so much..." She cries. "Don't stop my love please I really need you!" She whines.

"It's okay, I won't stop." Vesta comforts her.

"Oh I think I'm gonna-" She moans suddenly.

They calm down a bit, Angelika completely red and sighing so heavily.

"Did I was gentle enough?" She asks for validation of her moves.

"I... Can't... Describe..." She replies.

"Rate me." She says.

"A fucking billion of universe can't have enough matter in them to write the number. This is astonishing." She calms down.

"That much? No it's not true..." She's surprised. "Was it your first orgasm ever?"

"What a stupid question you ask!" She replies in a second, annoyed by her speeches. "Do I look like I could work me on my own?"

"Okay, okay. I'm sorry. I like to talk about exciting stuff, I can't help." She confess.

"Oh yeah? You must be so fucking wet right now!" She smirks. "I'm going to make you scream until you cry, I want my face painted in your cum buddy, I won't stop until then."

"Buddy? I thought I heard 'my love' back then..." She smiles.

"Okay. I can tease you if you insist."

Angelika lift her skirt up to reveal the hairy bush of her girl friend. She use her tongue to circle around, but quite far from it, on her thighs and belly, also on her bellybutton.

"Oh no, you're evil!" She moans.

Vesta felt her bladder being full. She can't really remind but it filled quite fast as she got excited, and she didn't relieved since her worktime. She don't know why, and it scares her a bit, she wouldn't want to mess the couch or her face, does she?

"You're trembling so much. I can't get there. Open your legs babygirl." She orders.

"Are you sure you want that?" Vesta asks.

"Yes, let me help you relieve yourself my babygirl." She replies.
