The Desperate Deliveries

Author: ShareTea333

*000*2025-11-03 05:48

Last Friday, my friend Ashley invited me to ride along and keep her company while she did a food delivery shift. It was her side hustle and she insisted Friday nights were best for making tips. Ashley and I met at the retail store we work at together and have started becoming closer friends. We had always chatted a lot at work, but have recently started grabbing drinks together after our shifts. Friday had been a long day, but after work we hopped in her car to start doing deliveries.

The first hour or so went by fast and we had fun working as a team to get each order completed as quickly as possible. I was navigating while Ashley drove and we took turns running the bags up to people’s doors. Our progress stalled when we arrived at a restaurant with a long wait for order pickup. I noticed that Ashley was fidgeting around quite a bit, but I wasn’t sure if she was just impatient with how long it was taking.

Once it caught my attention, I realized that every minute or so she would change her position and she was consistently bobbing up and down with one leg. She had been steadily drinking from her water bottle the whole time we’d been in the car and thinking back, I realized she also hadn’t stopped at the bathroom on the way out of the store like I had.Once Ashley was sitting again, she didn’t seem bothered and I forgot about her predicament. We had fun singing along to the music as she drove and when we arrived at the next stop, it was Ashley’s turn to take the delivery.

They had requested we hand the food to them directly, but were taking a long time to answer the door. From the car window, I could see Ashley marching in place, occasionally pausing to cross her legs. After a few moments, she rang the doorbell again and before long she was pacing back and forth on their porch as she tried to message them. When they finally answered, she quickly stopped and did her best to look composed, but she couldn’t help but to still fidget a bit in place. At this point there was no question that she had to pee, badly.

As she got back in the car, she lamented how long it had taken and handed me her phone to navigate to the next restaurant. The traffic was getting heavier now and we were moving along much slower. I noticed that sitting in the car was no longer providing the same relief as before and Ashley had started to bounce her left leg. At one point when we were stuck at a particularly long light, she suddenly leaned forward, arched her back, and took a sharp exhale. “Omg, I have to pee SO bad!” she exclaimed, laughing nervously. I assured her that it wasn’t far to the next restaurant and they would likely have a bathroom. She paused for a second before glancing over at me with a sheepish smile, “Sometimes… I like to play a little game where I try to hold it for as many orders as I can… it makes it a lot more fun!” We both started laughing and I tried to play it cool, but I could feel my cheeks getting warm.

As we stood in line to pick up our next order, I anxiously waited to see if Ashley would head for the bathroom or if she would keep holding it even with me there. It was becoming increasingly obvious to anyone around that she needed to pee. As we stood in line, she stepped constantly from foot to foot, occasionally pulling one leg in tightly to fight off a strong urge. She tried her best to act normal and keep chatting with me, but it was clear she was distracted by how desperate she was getting.

The order had several drinks and bags of food and both our hands were full. When it came time to load them into the car, Ashley was clearly struggling. Standing still enough not to spill the drinks was proving difficult and at one point she had to quickly toss a bag into the car so she could use her hand to squeeze herself tightly. “I’m going to pee my pants!” she whined jokingly as she struggled to put the drinks in the cup holders with just one hand. When she stood back up, she started fully pee dancing on the spot and glanced back at the restaurant. “Should I just go back in to use the bathroom quickly?”, she asked while slightly out of breath. I playfully smiled and shrugged my shoulders, secretly hoping she wouldn’t.

She took one last look back before insisting she could hold it and getting back in the car. This time, she sat on her foot to keep pressure on her crotch as she drove. Every few minutes she would lean forward to press herself even harder into her heel and grind her hips back and forth. When we pulled up to the delivery address and there was no parking, I could see Ashley getting increasingly nervous about how badly she needed to pee. We had to drive around the block a few times, but finally found a small spot on a side street. As Ashley tried to focus on parallel parking in the tiny spot, it was clear she was absolutely bursting. She kept reaching down to desperately squeeze her crotch, but needed both hands to park, which left her wiggling her bum furiously in her seat.

“We have to hurry to the next restaurant, I’m really about to pee myself!” Ashley said it jokingly, but this time I could hear the nervousness in her voice. It was dark out now and we parked a couple blocks away, so we both carried all the bags and drinks to the apartment. As we set down the food and Ashley pulled out her phone to take a picture, I started to wonder if she would actually make it to the next restaurant. She was struggling to even stand still long enough to take a clear photo. She was wearing denim shorts and tugging them up as high as possible with her free hand as she stood on her tip toes from the effort of holding.

She snapped the photo and quickly jogged down the steps. “Ok! Let’s go!” she said in a hurry as she began power walking towards the car. As I walked as fast as possible to catch up, I could see under the streetlights that there was a small wet patch on the bum of her shorts. It was clear she had been too ambitious and as we waited at the crosswalk for our turn, I glanced down to see a few small drops of pee cascading down her thigh. She had completely stopped talking and would only let out an occasional groan. It was clear she was fully focused on not completely losing control, but it didn’t look like she could hold it much longer.

When we got to the car she froze in place and crossed her legs as tightly as possible, unable to move. “I can’t do it! I won’t make it!” With her legs still crossed, she leaned over to open the car doors. It didn’t offer much privacy in this busy area and she frantically waved me over to her to keep watch. I ran over to help conceal her and looked both ways. I told her it was all clear and she immediately began trying to yank down her shorts.

As soon as they were partway down, I could hear pee pouring onto the cement. Ashley had just leaned back on the car to enjoy the relief when we saw headlights coming down the road. I gestured for Ashley to stand up and she moaned with the torture of stopping her stream. The car was looking for parking and as it passed slowly, I could hear Ashley struggling. “Ahh! It’s so hard to stop! I can’t stop!” I looked back to see her holding the crotch of her shorts as pee escaped through her fingers. As soon as the car passed, she ripped her shorts back off as she squatted down to release a torrent of pee. It flowed for what felt like minutes and I could hear her trying to hold in her moans of pleasure and relief.

When she finally stopped peeing, she leaned back against the car and took a deep breath “I can’t believe I actually just did that!” We both broke out into laughter again and she pulled a pair of shorts and a towel out of the gym bag in her car to dry off and change. As we started the drive back to our side of town, I jokingly asked whether her wet shorts meant she lost the game. She smiled and hesitated for a moment before responding... “That definitely didn’t go how I planned…but it was pretty fun…maybe next time you’ll play too.”

