A Collector In Training (The Owl House)

Author: SodaBubbles

*000*2023-08-10 11:06

NOTE: All characters are aged up to a respective 18+ range

PLOT: Ever since The Collector got freed after thousands of years, He had never been able to use the toilet during his alone time, so when he’s freed, a huge need bounces in. As they need to find a bathroom, and fast. But weird enough, he has no idea what a bathroom is.

WARNINGS: No warnings really apply in this story! But there is spoilers for Season 3 of The Owl House.

After the events of The Collectors games with Eda, Luz and King, (and after talking to him) they felt better, but not the good kind of better, more like the bad kind of better. He REALLY needed to pee, holding it for thousands of years, and holding it while he played with King half of the time he was free. He was squirming in place as he had a desperate look on his face. Since he’s a goddess, he can hold it for many years, but At this point, he couldn’t. Eda took notice of this and just glared at them, as she quickly asked “You alright pal?” She asked him with a confused like smile. The Collector shook theyre head. “Could you tell us what’s wrong?” Luz asked them sweetly, as The Collector quickly grabbed his crotch, whining. “Ah- I don’t know what’s happening! I feel so, full! It hurts!” He quickly whined. Eda quickly realised what this could mean as she quickly held theyre hand. “I think they might need the toilet.” Eda said as she quickly picked him up.

”Whats a.. toilet?” He asked confused, shaking theyre legs in need. Luz quickly realised what this meant, as she poked Eda and whispered “I think we need to uh, train him?” She said, which received a confused nod from Eda. “Well uh, Collector, a toilet is where you get rid of the feeling of fullness you’re feeling.” She said, trying her best to explain this in a way they would understand. “Well can we go now? I’m bursting!” He said, biting his lip. Which received a chuckle from King. Since Eda was in her harpy mode, she flew off along with The Collector, as Luz followed with King on her staff, Stringbean.

After a few minutes, they landed by Hexside School. “There should be a bathroom somewhere in the school.” Eda said, as she let go of The Collector to hold his hand, as he quickly grabbed his crotch. “Can we h-hurry please?” He asked, tears welling up in their eyes as their wines turned into sobs. He really needed to go, and fast. Eda quickly ran across the halls of the school, trying to find atleast one bathroom stall.

“Hey look, over there! Here’s one of the bathrooms!” Luz pointed towards the direction of the stall. The Collector was potty dancing like no tomorrow, bouncing from side to side. “Come on pal! Let’s dash!” Eda said as she quickly picked him up. She put him next to the stall. As Luz took him inside of the stall and closed the door. “Okay buddy, you’re gonna be alright, I’ll help you.” She said reassuringly as she stripped off his Pajamas, and unfastened his diaper. “Oh gosh Bud, you leaked a bit.” She said as she bit her lips. She quickly Sat him on the toilet, soon enough she heard a loud, hard stream hit the water as The Collector panted and sighed in huge relief. “Awh you poor thing.” She said with a worried smile. “You did such a good job holding it for so many years pal.” She said, rubbing his hair.

About 5 minutes had past as The Collectors stream turned into little trickles, until it died down. “So, this is why I felt full?” They asked. “Yes, and everytime you feel that way, always tell us, okay?” Luz asked. “I Will!” He said positively. A minute later they came out of the stall as The Collector smiled, he felt better. And the good kind of better! As Eda quickly Said “well we have no time to lose, we need to stop Belos.” She said as the others quickly followed.

The end! Sorry if it was short, I’m currently writing 2 more omo fics At the moment 🙂

