Yuri Plisetsky X Female!Reader

Author: Smol and Angry

*000*2017-01-23 00:24

"Nice toe-loop, Yuri!" (y/n) shouted from across the rink. She wasn't quite as good at ice skating as her crush was, but she was working on it!

Yuri had started his agape routine when he noticed just how long he had put off using the bathroom. He could hold it for a few minutes, though, he was 15 not 4! He continued skating and ignored his growing need, but (y/n) did see the slight hesitation in his jumps. After he had finished, (y/n) skated up to him.

"Nice! Ready to go back to the hot springs? Viktor and Yuuri said they'd have dinner ready by the time we were done with practice." (y/n) stated plainly. Yuri nodded and they went to take their skates off.

Yuri winced as he realized just how full his bladder was. He considered telling (y/n) that he needed to go, but he immediately rejected the idea. Despite his seemingly limitless confidence, he actually had a really shy bladder and would NOT tell people he needed to pee until he had 1 minute at most until completely losing control. He sat down with a small grunt and proceeded to untie his skates. He was bouncing his legs absent-mindedly and fidgeting, but luckily it seemed that (y/n) hadn't noticed his predicament. They collected their stuff and started their walk towards the older Yuuri's house. Yuri had his thighs pressed together and his fists were clenched tightly at his sides. The constant shaking didn't help either. (y/n) tapped him on the shoulder and he jumped, leaking slightly.

"W-what?!" Yuri snapped harshly, blushing wildly.

"Woah, chill out. You seemed tense so I was going to ask if you were ok." (y/n) said before she turned and continued walking. He followed her, but his pace was progressively getting slower. He couldn't stop moving and was squirming constantly now. After a few minutes, Yuri let out a long spurt and gasped. He panicked and froze in place. By that time, (y/n) had turned to face him. She walked towards him and placed both hands on his shoulders, holding him still.

"You should've said that you needed to use the bathroom before we left." She said stubbornly. Yuri blushed and scoffed.

"I don't need to piss, idiot!" He yelled, scowling and standing up straight before walking away briskly. (y/n) trotted to keep up.

"Will you be able to make it or should we stop?" She asked with a concerned tone.

"I told you! I don't need to pee!" Yuri spat, though his shaky, uneven breathing gave him away. (y/n) rolled her eyes.

"I can't do anything about it if you refuse to accept the fact you need to use the restroom." She said matter-of-factly.

He was about to argue when an intense wave of desperation washed over him. He doubled over and his hands shot to his crotch. His legs were twisted together like a pretzel and he was blushing furiously. (y/n) looked around and saw that they were in a small forest-like area, conveniently for them.

"Here, go behind that tree." (y/n) said calmly.

"I-I... I d-don't need... to..." He was stuttering and panting. he let out a quiet whimper.

"Dude, just admit it. I'm not going to think any less of you." (y/n) giggled playfully. Yuri blushed and was about to protest yet again when a 3 second stream came out, making a visible wet patch on the front of his pants.

"F-fine... I need- nngh." He groaned softly and bit his lip. He didn't have much time. (y/n) motioned towards the tree. As much as his dignity protested, it was either that or wet himself. He waddled over to the tree.

"Turn arou- ah!" He leaked again. "ohgod ohno ohno ohno. Turn around ohgod pleaseturnaround Ican'tholditanymore." his words were jumbling together and he was fidgeting with his zipper. (y/n) turned swiftly and waiting for the sound of liquid hitting the dirt, but it never came. She heard a choked sob and turned to see Yuri with tears streaming down his beat-red face.

"I can't! I can't! Oh god it hurts so bad." The Russian cried out as (y/n) ran up to him. He was hyperventilating and (y/n) worried that he might pass out. His eyes were screwed shut tight and he was biting his lip.

"Yuri, it's alright. Calm down. Tell me what's wrong." (y/n) said, her voice giving way to her panic.

"I-I... Bladder- NNGH! Bladder s-shy," he gasped, his hands glued between his legs. (y/n)'s face fell and she took Yuri's hand.

"Yuri. Unzip your pants." She said sternly.

"W-WHAT?!" He yelled, freezing and opening his eyes wide.

"Do it. Aim towards the tree." She demanded. He was too desperate to question it at this point and he shuffled back to face the tree. He unzipped his pants and held himself, still dancing on the spot. (y/n) came up behind him and hugged him to her. He spurted and gasped, whining. She put one hand on his swollen bladder and pushed gently. Yuri let out a strangled yelp.

"NO WHATAREYOUDOING?!" He yelled, "y-you're gonna make me pee! I can't hold it! It's going to come out! Shit shit shit (y/n) stop I really can't hold it anymore I'm gonna-" He gasped and choked on a sob. He was about to pee in front of his crush!

"That's the point, you doof. You need to pee but can't so I'm helping you." She rubbed on his bladder in circles as he danced in her arms. He whimpered and gasped loudly when the dam broke.

"NONONONONONONO (Y/N) HELP I CAN'T STOP IT IT'S NOT STOPPING." He cried, hot tears streaming down his cheeks. (y/n) removed her hands from his stomach and ran them through his hair.

"It's alright, Yuri. Relax. Like I said, I won't think of you any less. It's ok, you can let go." (y/n) said soothingly. Yuri reluctantly relaxed and sighed contently as urine gushed out of him, making a muddy puddle in the dirt. The sound of pee hitting the ground was incredibly loud and he blushed, but the relief was overwhelming and he felt his knees give out. (y/n) caught him and held him up until his stream slowed to a trickle and eventually stopped. He regained his balance and fell backwards, curling in on himself into a tiny ball with his head between his knees.

"Yuri."

"Leave me alone!" He whimpered. He felt arms wrap around him before he was pulled out of his ball-like position into the warm, comforting embrace of (y/n). He shook in her arms before letting out a sob and starting to cry quietly into her shoulder. Once he finished crying, (y/n) lifted his chin so he was looking her in the eyes.

"Feel better?" She asked soothingly. He nodded bashfully before shivering. (y/n) threw her coat over him and pressed her lips against his. Yuri melted into the kiss and closed his eyes before (y/n) pulled away. Yuri smiled sheepishly before saying:

"If you do this everytime I wet myself, maybe I should do it more often."

