Desperate Yana

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2023-03-05 16:08

Hi Omo Lovers!

Presenting a new character for all of you. Please welcome Ms. Yana, the sexiest office lady who will go any lengths to hold her pee and act professionally. Releasing the story soon. . .

&&

*002*2023-03-05 16:51

{{12 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Works all day at the office drives home gets stuck in traffic then when she gets home she realizes she's locked out and still has to hold All that Pee inside her

}}

I like your idea but there are some more twists here... 😎

*004*2023-03-05 17:27

{{20 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Can't wait to read the story and see what kind of twists happen . Also I can't wait to read the Juliet omarashi story but like I said take your time with that story don't need to rush to get it out

}}

I hope I can live up to your expectations 😅

*007*2023-03-06 04:13

{{9 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

You have probably written more stories than I have because I have never written a story on here I just like reading the stories . So I believe your stories are going to be better than anything I can do I just gave you the suggestions and things you could incorporate into the story

}}

Thank you for the appreciation and giving me suggestions. As a writer getting to know what the readers want is absolutely crucial. Your inputs help me a lot...

{{7 hours ago, bustin2pee said:

Ohhh... this is looking very, very exciting, are you illustrating it too?

}}

As of now... I was commissioned to only write the story. I added the opening pic as a value addition. Though, now that you mention it I might try making illustrations as well. Can't promise anything though 😊

*009*2023-03-06 09:23

Yana woke up with a jolt. The gusher of the piss and the warmth felt so real that she panicked. She dreamt of pissing herself in the office in front of everyone. Thankfully it was just a coin sized spot on her thong. A dull but strong ache plagued her lower belly reminding her of the bladder burst challenge with her colleagues last evening.

Yana immediately hopped into the bathroom; her eyes fell on the enticing porcelain bowl. It shined as a beam of sunlight fell on it from the wide glass window. As if the heavens themselves were seducing her to come and release the gusher she was brewing for nearly a day now. She tore away her tiny thong and landed her bum on the seat. The floodgates opened instantly. An inch thick stream of hot piss, hit the water below, forming dense white froth. Hardly 3 seconds had passed when she suddenly cut the stream going in full force. She winced with pain and hurriedly came out of the bathroom. She started looking for her mobile phone and after losing a few more spurts she finally found it hidden inside the jacket she wore yesterday.

Yana’s hands trembled as she tried to enter the complex phone pattern. Her bladder was revolting furiously after being denied relief mid-way. After 4 attempts she finally unlocked her phone and video called her mother. Yana was 27 but she and her twin sister had always been super obedient to her mother, especially about discipline of not peeing in the morning. Her mother had imparted to her that gross bodily functions like peeing must be kept at the last.

“Hey. . Hi Mom” Yana began.

“Hey sweetypie! Good morning!” Her mother replied while rocking back and forth.

“Mom, I-I am in trouble. . I’m bursting for a pee. It’s coming out. . .”

“Oh my poor girl! Didn’t you go last night?”

“I – I was out at a party. I got drunk and fell asleep as soon as I crashed into the bed”

“How many times have I told you TO-NOT-SKIP-BEFORE-BED-PEES? That’s the only appropriate time to go.”

“Mom – it – I was drunk”

“So what! Look around at all the photos on your wall – what do you see?” Her mother interrupted.

“What about them?”

“If you look closely, in each photo there’s a noticeable bulge on your bladder. Be it the orange bodycon dress you wore on your graduation where you went on stage with 26 hours of pee, or when we were in the road trip from California to Florida and you managed to hold it throughout the trip. Or that Ted-Y speech where you nearly wet yourself on the stage.”

Yana nodded. Tears brimming in her eyes.

“Baby, the point is… ahhh” Her mother grabbed her pussy tight. “In all your important events of your life, we ensured that you were always bursting at seams, and you came out with flying colours. It’s our family tradition to put such gross silly bodily functions at the last of everything. We never pee in the morning. Control is everything. Just because you are holding a few cans of beer and missed your only break last night, can’t be an excuse to break the family custom. You better keep it corked up. You must not break the family tradition of discipline and perfectionism.”

“Mom, please this is an exception. I have never failed you before.”

“That is because we didn’t allow you to fail. And don’t forget all the success that came to you because of this discipline. There-Is-No-Exception-To-This-Rule. Remember that your watch and your mobile is synced to the entire family. The green dots tell me everything.” Her mother sternly replied and hung up on her.

Tears fell from Yana’s eyes as she tightly clutched her pussy. It was truly the most desperate she had ever gotten in her life. No girl on the planet could contain 7 pints of beer and nearly a gallon of water and act normally. But here Yana was. The perfectionist of her family. The calendar widget on her phone showed green dots on each past date. Each dot meant one or no pees that day. She hastily scrolled to the left and saw that for months and years each date had a green dot. If she broke the rule there would be one red dot in her otherwise spotless record. The entire family with whom the calendar was synced would know it. That was a mortifying thought.

With her hands shoved into her crotch Yana entered the bathroom again. Before her body could prepare itself, she turned on the shower sending her into a frenzy. Her face turned red, and knuckles turned white with the effort of gripping her pussy shut. For most of the shower she remained curled up on the floor with legs crossed tight.

After the shower Yana waddled her way downstairs and finished her breakfast. Solid English breakfast coupled with a tall glass of glass of juice. She held the glass of juice in her hand and stared at it with pursed lips. Those additional 350ml of liquid could wreak havoc with her body. But she gulped it down at one go. No mercy whatsoever. The juice hit her bladder like a freight train. The glass fell from her hands as her muscles nearly gave up. She closed her eyes shut while her body shuddered. Around 10 minutes passed before the waves of desperation subsided for a bit.

Getting ready for the office was another hurdle Yana had to face. Going out with puffy eyes and messy hair was not an option. Her tag of Miss Florida came as an additional baggage for her. Holding her breath, she started applying the layers of makeup. Cleanser, then toner, moisturiser, foundation, and sunscreen. Each step was slower than the previous. Every time she took her hands out of her crotch a spurt or two leaked. By the time she was done with her makeup she had to discard three thongs. After spending a painful hour in front of the mirror, Yana stood in front of her closet with shaky legs, staring at the tiny brown dress that lay crumpled on the hanger. It was her favourite dress, the one that always made her feel sexy and powerful, but today it seemed like an insurmountable obstacle.

She reached for the dress, her hands trembling with anticipation and anxiety, and held it up to her body. But as she tried to slip it on, she could feel the fabric straining against her skin, resisting her every attempt to squeeze into it. She looked down at her bladder, which had ballooned overnight, a bloated and uncomfortable mass that made her feel self-conscious. She could feel tears of frustration and disappointment welling up in her eyes, the sense of defeat almost too much to bear. With a sense of resignation, she turned away from the dress, her mind already racing with thoughts of what to wear instead. She knew that she couldn’t go to work feeling uncomfortable and self-conscious, that she needed to find something that made her feel confident and put-together.

But as she rummaged through her closet, her eyes kept drifting back to the brown dress. Finally, she decided to teach her bladder a lesson for not cooperating with her. She took out her dreaded waist clincher and with a deep breath, started wrapping it around her torso. The bulge on her bladder was so big that the hooks were a good few inches apart. Yana however was determined to go through it. Ignoring the way the thick fabric squeezed her bladder underneath, she gave a tight pull and quickly hooked the clincher to the tightest. All the hot piss was suddenly compressed in half the space sending a tsunami of desperation down her pussy.

She nearly squatted down and prevented the outburst. A little later Yana squared her shoulders and made her way out the door, determined to face the day with all the confidence and power that the brown dress represented. She knew that it wouldn’t be easy, that she would have to fight against her frantic needs, but she was ready for the challenge. After all, she was an office lady, and nothing could stop her from achieving her goals.

@@The sun was already high in the sky when Yana rushed to her car. In her quest to teach her bladder a lesson, she had spent too much time in front of the mirror and was now running late for work. But as she slid into the driver’s seat another wave hit her hard. The clincher had literally compressed her bladder to a size of a tennis ball. Pee rushed to her overworked urethra and hit it like a freight train. Sweat dripped from her forehead and neck into her deep cleavage. She rested her head on the steering wheel and jammed her hand into her tightly layered crotch. She reluctantly tried to start the car and realized that her legs felt heavy and stiff. Every movement sent a sharp jolt of pain shooting through her bladder. She winced and groaned as she twisted the key in the ignition, hoping against hope that the car would start, and she could make it to work on time. But the car wouldn’t start, and her frustration grew with each failed attempt. She was already running late, and now this? She tried to shake off the excruciating pain in her bladder and focus on the task at hand, but it was no use. Every movement felt like a Herculean effort, and she could feel her patience wearing thin.

As she leaned her head back against the headrest, her mind raced with all the things she needed to do that day. Meetings, deadlines, emails, phone calls…the list was endless. She knew she couldn’t afford to be late, but how could she drive when every movement was agony? She took a deep breath and tried to steel herself, gripping the steering wheel tightly as she attempted to push through the pain. Her foot hovered over the gas pedal, but she couldn’t bring herself to press down. She knew she needed to get moving, but the pain was just too much. Her bladder needed a relief – N-O-W!

Finally, she relented and slumped back in her seat, tears welling up in her eyes. She was trapped, unable to move forward and unable to go back. Her mind raced with all the ways this could impact her reputation and her life, just because she could not hold her pee all day. The minutes ticked by, and she sat there, her mind and body wracked with ungodly desperation. The mistake of breaking the seal for 3 seconds and losing the spurts was making things even more difficult. For the unreserved, the solution was simple. Just go to the toilet and piss to heart’s content but Yana was built different. Holding pee was her way of life and in that moment, it felt like the weight of the world was crushing her.

Somehow, Yana booked a cab and started for office. Throughout the ride Yana had her hands shoved in her crotch. Each bump was a blow to her bladder and sent pee rushing down her pee hole. Her legs were crossed so tight like a pretzel that her inner thighs were burning with pain. To add to her woes the leg room of the cab was so limited that her knees almost came to her chest compressing her bladder further. The cab driver kept yelling at her to not spoil the seats. She could not even respond to him fearing the loss of control.

After a perilous hour, Yana finally reached her office. She nearly fell out of the cab upon exiting. Her legs had gotten numb. Another spurt shot out of her pussy. Fortunately, her dress was so short that the piss ran down her thighs. She had never been late to the office before and knew that her boss would not take it kindly on her. Taking a deep breath, she stood up and hobbled towards the office as quickly as possible. The click of her 6-inch heels was heard all across the floor and everyone craned their necks to ogle at her. Her massive sweaty boobs threatened to pop out of her undersized dress, but she had no time to bother and adjust it. Little did she know what was in store for her.

Yana steadily reached the conference room taking small steps. If she cast wide steps, her muscles would not be able to contain the lake anymore. She thanked her stars that for the next hour or two she was only required to listen to a boring presentation. But all hell broke loose when her boss asked her to lead the presentation since the original staffer had called in sick. Her body filled with goosebumps and tremors of desperation seared through her bladder. All her daydreams of quietly rubbing her thighs to stimulate herself with a full bladder vanished. Another drop pushed its way out of her pee hole and crawled from her inner thighs, making her wiggle. The entire conference room got a good view of her sweaty butt cheeks and the tight thong she had underneath her short dress. She stood at the front of the conference room blankly. Her heart raced as her pussy lips quiver violently. The pressure inside her bladder nearly doubled. as she tried to steady herself.

“Do you need to use the restroom Yana?” Her boss asked as if to embarrass her on purpose.

“Like a racehorse” Yana genuinely replied biting her lips. The entire conference room started laughing. They all thought she was joking out of nervousness. She cleared her throat and began to speak, but her voice was shaky and uneven. She stumbled over her words, trying desperately to keep her focus, but it was no use. Her mind was a whirlwind of nerves and anxiety, and she struggled to not to let the flood escape. As she glanced out at the sea of faces before her, she felt a surge of panic rise up in her chest. She had always struggled with public speaking, but this was something else entirely. The stakes were higher, the pressure greater, and the scrutiny more intense.

She tried to push through her nerves, but her mind kept racing, tripping over her words, and causing her to lose her place in her notes. She felt a trickle of pee slide down her thighs, and her heart raced as she tried to regain her composure. The silence in the room seemed to stretch on forever, punctuated only by the sound of her own ragged breathing. She knew she had to keep going, to push through the desperation and make it to the end of her presentation, but the thought of continuing felt almost unbearable.

A member suddenly interrupted Yana to ask a question. His loud voice startled her, breaking her concentration. Her bladder, which seemed to have a mind of its own, violently contracted and tried to push the piss out. She had microseconds to act and in that moment of desperation, she closed her eyes and grabbed the seams of her skirt. Even though the temptation to grab the crotch was intense but she relied only on her clenched muscles to contain the disaster. The battle between her bladder and her will was being witness with other members of the room. After 30 awkward seconds Yana emerged victorious; the flood was contained for now. She was panting but eventually managed to re-focus on the task at hand.

With renewed determination, Yana opened her eyes and began to speak again, her voice still a little shaky, but steadier than before. Her legs remained crossed tightly and she sticked to her position on the dais. As she spoke, she felt a sense of control return, and the words flowed more easily from her lips. Bit by bit, she made her way through the presentation, feeling a growing sense of confidence and pride with each passing minute. And as she finished her final slide and the room erupted into applause, she knew that despite her nerves, she had done it.

After the presentation Yana’s boss approached her.

“Yana that was one hell of a presentation!” The boss began. “But I would really appreciate if you could learn to control yourself better. Frankly it was embarrassing”.

Yana could not help but nod. All she wanted was some alone time to give a long re-assuring squeeze to her pussy.

“I love how you’re always focussed on work and don’t take bathroom breaks like the rest of the girls. I hope you take my feedback constructively. And yes, the clients seemed to be very happy that you didn’t rush to the bathroom in the middle of the presentation. Please continue to hold and work on your abilities to hide it”.

As soon as the boss left the meeting room Yana collapsed into the nearest chair. Her calves and heels were burning in those nearly vertical stilettos and her bladder relentlessly sent spasm after spasm. Her eyes fixed on the computer screen in front of her. She had been standing non-stop for over 2 hours now in an un-imaginable condition. Her brain felt fuzzy and overloaded. All she wanted was a few minutes to take a breather, clear her mind, and somehow ease the pain in her bladder. She thought of quickly hopping in the only bathroom which she used at work to loosen her clincher, but it seemed that fate was not on her side.

Yana’s colleagues, a group of chatty and boisterous individuals, seemed to sense her fatigue, and instead of giving her space, they circled around her like vultures, peppering her with a never-ending stream of inane gossip and pointless chatter. At first, she tried to engage with them, nodding and smiling politely as they chattered on about their weekend plans and office drama. But as the minutes ticked by, her patience wore thin, and she found herself growing increasingly irritated with each new interruption. She longed to tell them to just leave her alone, to give her some space and let her breathe, but she knew that wouldn't be well-received. She gripped the armrests of the chair so tightly that her nail pierced the cushioning and kept her legs close together. Seeing that the gang wouldn’t leave Yana pretended to busy herself in the screen in-front, hoping that they would take the hint and go back to their own desks.

But it was no use. They continued to chatter and interrupt, their voices growing louder and more grating with each passing minute. She could feel her bladder growing inside and her grip on her muscles loosening. Frustration and exhaustion mounting, her brain struggling to make sense of the chaos around her. In the spur of the moment Yana stood up from the chair, hoping that the physical act of standing would give her some sense of control. But instead, it seemed to only draw more attention to her, and her colleagues crowded around her, their voices rising to a fever pitch.

Yana felt a ball form inside her pee hole just like it happens when we stop our pee midstream. The only difference being, under normal circumstances the feeling subsided but in her case the pressure simply kept growing with every passing second. Her body was shaking with the efforts to act normal and hold the flood. She wanted nothing more than to fast forward the day to her bedtime and piss to her heart’s content. But for now, she had to endure. She even tried to exit the conference room, but it seemed that everywhere she turned, there was someone there, blocking her path.

“What happened Yana?” One of the office girls taunted “Trying to run off to the toilets like a schoolgirl? Or the beer from last night’s contest is still coming out” The rest of the girls burst into laughter.

“If you remember correctly, I am the only girl in office who has never seen the insides of our bathrooms here unlike you all. So, if you’ll excuse me, I have got more important stuff to do. And yes, before I leave, all the beer from last night is still inside my bladder. SAFE AND CORKED.” Yana fired back and stormed out. The veins on her forehead almost popped out with the strain of putting such a long sentence together.

As Yana inched down the hallway her eyes fell on the smoking zone. She suddenly remembered that there was a small toilet behind it which was not covered by an CCTV. It was the only bathroom which she was comfortable using as nobody else knew about it. She could simply release a tiny bit to give her bladder some room to contain the boiling piss inside. In this way even the fitness tracker would not be able to detect any anomaly and she would somehow manage to last till midnight. This quick break was like a beacon of hope in the midst of her otherwise disastrous day.

@@Yana sneaked in the smoking room and observed that there was another man smoking in the corner. She lit her Misty 120 cigarettes nonchalantly and leaned on the wall turning her back to the man. In one hand she had the cigarette, and the other hand was tightly curled into a fist pressing against her crotch. Each time she blew out the smoke her control seemed to slip away. She gritted her teeth and continued to act calm. The man on the other side got a phone call which added to her woes. Yana cursed the guy under her breathe and smoked another Misty and the another. The man simply refused to leave. She was doing a full-blown pee dance when he was not looking. Her pussy quivered merely by looking at the door of the secluded toilet. After an agonizing half hour, the guy finally started walking towards the door, Yana made her move. She could practically taste her piss. The clincher seemed to push all her organs up in order to contain her ever growing ball of piss. As the distance between the toilet and her decreased, her heart leaped with excitement at the prospect of a few moments of peace and indulgence.

But just as she was about to cross the threshold into the toilet, her phone rang, its piercing tone shattering the calm of the moment. With a sense of frustration, she reached for her phone, noting the caller ID with annoyance. It was her boss, and she knew that whatever he was calling about, it wasn't likely to be good news. With a sense of reluctance, she answered the call, her mind already half-focused on the glorious relief just a few feet away. The tone of her boss was enough to scare Yana. She was calling her into a last-minute meeting, one that couldn't wait until later in the day. Yana tried to protest, to explain that she had been about to take a break, but the boss was insistent.

Despite her aching, burning pee hole, Yana turned away from the So-close toilet and headed back towards her desk, her bladder throbbing in protest. She could feel the disappointment and frustration welling up within her. She cursed herself under her breath for being so irresponsible last night and not taking her before bed pee. But she knew that she couldn't let her emotions get the better of her, that she needed to focus on the task at hand and push through the rest of her day. With a deep breath, she squared her shoulders and prepared to face whatever challenges lay ahead, even if it meant sacrificing her eye-wateringly urgent need to piss.

Three begrudgingly slow hours passed, and the duo had downed a couple of coffees. To make situations worse Yana had to sit in those extremely low and uncomfortable bean bags. She hated bean bags to begin with, but she was forced to sit in the same as they were the only ones in her boss’s ultra-modern cabin. Her bladder had virtually no space to store the liquid being rapidly pumped by her kidneys. With the laptop on her thighs and both her hands on the keyboard, she had to sit absolutely straight and still. The poor girl had no way to even adjust her sitting position for the fear of dropping her laptop or worse, leaking on the couch. Tears fell from her eyes on to the keyboard every time her bladder sent pangs. She frantically needed to reach her crotch for a quick squeeze. Finally at 6 in the evening her boss let her go.

Yana thanked her boss and did her best to not look desperate. But once she stood gravity came crashing down on her bladder. She lost her balance and fell on the couch again. A stinging pain ran through her bladder to her pee hole. A yelp escaped from her mouth as she tightly clutched the couch and quickly brought her legs close to stem the outburst.

“Yana! Babe you gotta behave yourself.” Her boss warned her.

Only if her boss realized that Yana had been holding it for past 42 hours, she may have been a little more empathetic. Yana however was in no position to convey the same. Her bladder screamed for a release. Once out of the cabin she quickened her pace as best as could and approached the smoking zone pantry. She had been looking forward to this break all day, the promise of a sweet release to contain her massive load of piss.

As she neared the doorway of the smoking zone, her bladder started shooting jets of pee. Her thong was now drenched. The last few seconds were always the most difficult to hold. Her face was all scrunched up and red from the strain. Finally, she could see the light streaming out from under the door, a warm and welcoming glow that beckoned her closer. But as she reached for the door handle, she screamed with utter disappointment. The door to the toilet was closed.

Yana was at the end of her tether. Her need to piss was no longer controllable. She was frantic and somehow needed to hold it out. She could feel a sense of frustration and annoyance building within her, her mind already conjuring up images of the delicious relief just separated by a locked door. She screamed aloud in anger, but no one was there who could help her except her own. With a sense of desperation, she pressed her ear to the door, hoping to hear some sign of life inside. But all she could hear was the sound of her own breath, and the muffled hum of the air conditioning system.

She tried the door handle again, hoping that it had simply been stuck, but it refused to budge. In her despair, she violently shook the door, pulled a hair pin and tried to pick the lock but in vain. It was as if the universe had conspired against her, denying her relief by whatever means possible. She could feel a knot forming in her stomach, a sense of disappointment and frustration threatening to overwhelm her. She knew that she needed to find some way to contain the ocean inside her and manage the rest of the time at office. It was a herculean task for her. She was on borrowed time.

Yana hobbled back to her seat and frantically started closing the last few activities typing away at the keyboard. All she wanted to do was go home and relieve here overworked bladder. But there was one problem: she couldn't book a cab.

Her fingers trembled with anxiety as she refreshed the page again and again. Each time, the same message taunted her: "No cabs available at this time." Yana bit her lip in frustration. She had tried everything she could think of. She had even gone down to the lobby to ask the receptionist for help, but all she got was a shrug and a sympathetic smile.

As the minutes ticked by, Yana's anxiety grew. She knew she had to get home soon – her bladder was now shooting spurts every few minutes and she had run out of wet wipes. She but her lip and gently tried to press on her bladder to assess how bad exactly was the situation. It could have been that all the desperation was simply caused because she had put on the undersized waist clincher. But the moment she pressed her bladder she died a thousand deaths. It was as if someone stabbed tens of knives into her bladder.

Yana looked out the window, watching the traffic snarl by. She could see the taillights of other cabs flickering in the distance, but none of them seemed to be heading in her direction. She shoved her hand into her crotch and took out her phone. For a brief second, she closed her eyes, willing herself to remain calm. She knew she couldn't give up – she had to keep trying. So, she refreshed the page once more, and waited. And finally, after what seemed like an eternity, a notification popped up: "Cab Confirmed."

Yana jumped up from her chair, grabbed her bag, and waddled out of the office. The cool evening air, hit her like a freight train. All of a sudden, her desperation shot up by 10 folds. It boggled her mind just to think how much more desperate he could get. Before she could compose herself, her cab arrived to pick her up.

Yana got in the back of the cab holding her breath. Her eyes glued to the slow-moving traffic outside and hand in her crotch. She restlessly shifted in her seat, trying to get comfortable, but it was no use. Two hours had passed since she got into the cab, and it barely covered a quarter of distance to her home. She was sweating profusely despite the AC being on. Her brown dress clung tightly to the body and the seams of the waist clincher underneath pierced into the apex of her bladder. The cab driver asked her if she needed to pee badly.

“Badly is an understatement” Yana responded with a strained voice. Little did the cab driver know how much Yana was holding insider her severely compressed bladder. 7 pints of beer, over 2 and a half litres of water, and a good few cups of coffee and yet she had manager to keep the ocean inside her with just a few leaks over the last 45 hours.

Every bump in the road felt like a jolt to her bladder, and she winced with discomfort. She tried to distract herself by scrolling through her phone, but even that became a challenge as her concentration waned. Her body shuddered with pain and drops of pee leaked from her vagina. Yana glanced out the window, hoping to spot a rest stop or even a secluded area where she could relieve herself. But there was nothing – just a sea of cars stretching out before her.

Her desperation grew with every passing minute. She crossed her legs and clenched her muscles, trying to hold it in. But the pressure was becoming unbearable. Yana shifted again, this time reaching for her bag. Maybe there was something in there that could help her. She rummaged through it, her heart racing with anticipation, but all she found was a bottle of water. Her throat was dry as a desert, so she gulped a few sips. And that proved fatal. It was as if the extra 200 ml of water went and hit her bladder directly.

Yana was feeling lightheaded, and her body was going numb. She leaned back against the seat, her eyes closing in agony. The traffic outside seemed to taunt her, as if it were never going to let up. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the cab pulled up in front of Yana's home. She wanted to run but any movement could result into a full-blown accident. She requested the cab driver to help her. The lady was kind enough and helped Yana to reach her door. While any other driver would have left immediately, she waited.

Yana conveyed her to go but then the lady driver requested her, “Ma’am I too haven’t pissed since I left home early morning. Do you mind if I use your bathroom?”

Tears welled up in Yana’s eyes, but she agreed. “S-Sure – I can wait a little longer”.

Yana fumbled with her keys as her entire body shook violently. The cab driver too had her legs crossed tight and bit her lips nervously. As soon as the door opened, both ladies lost a huge spurt in their clothes. “Straight and left” Yana managed to whisper as the cab driver rushed inside. The sound of the driver’s gusher was too much to bear but Yana still managed to bear the torture silently. A few agonizing minutes later the driver emerged from the bathroom with sweat all over her body but relieved expressions. She thanked Yana and quickly left.

As soon as the door closed behind her, Yana literally tore away her dress and her thong. The only thing that remained between her and the sweet-sweet relief was the distance of a few feet. But something was wrong. Her legs felt stiff, and crotch was burning. The pain in her bladder reached new heights and jets of pee started coming out of her pussy like a fire hose.

@@The inevitable finally happened. The damn burst open. The tidal wave arrived. After nearly two days, perhaps the longest Yana had gone without using the toilets, her bladder, her muscles, and her will could no longer contain the boiling piss inside. All her valiant efforts were now in vain. Her muscles violently contracted and tried to push out an entire gallon of pee at once. Clear transparent piss erupted out of her pussy in an inch thick stream forming a huge puddle on the floor. It spread in all directions covering quite a considerable radius. She moaned with pleasure and panted as the gusher continued for over 3 minutes. Her eyes rolled up and body shuddered as it entered a series of orgasms. Without even knowing Yana had started stroking and rubbing her clit through the thick torrent of piss. After the monstrosity of the load was over, Yana collapsed She stayed there for what felt like ages, savouring the sensation of finally being able to let go after such a long hold. She checked her mobile and the dot was still green. Yana heaved a sigh of relief and started to laugh.

It was a lesson learned – never again would she underestimate the importance of taking her designated piss break.

*011*2023-03-06 17:36

{{2 hours ago, Holdon said:

What office does Yana work in?!

}}

Believe me... I would be the first one to apply there for a job😉

*014*2023-03-07 03:52

{{8 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I would I would join you in be the 2nd I haven't finished the story yet but what I've read of it so far is good and I can't wait to finish it

}}

Awesome.... I am waiting to hear from You.

{{6 hours ago, Frooger said:

An amazing story! So great to read a new story from you Rex🤩

}}

😍😍😍😍

*016*2023-03-08 08:53

Guys.... How do you think the sequel for Yana should be like?? What would you all Like to see?

*019*2023-03-10 02:33

{{On 3/8/2023 at 6:22 PM, Frooger said:

How about Yana going to a family gathering, and she knows everyone will look so down on her if she take a pee, so she just keep holding?

And maybe she wear tight jeans to?

}}

That's such a great idea... Building or exploring her present with respect to her past... 😉

{{On 3/8/2023 at 6:32 PM, Roronoa Zoro said:

Maybe at the end of the story when she finally gets to pee if she's not able to make it to the bathroom she has like a 5 gallon Bucket sitting by the front door if when she gets home she knows she's not gonna make it to the bathroom

}}

Ooohhhh.... She must be really pushed beyond her limits then, isn't it😍

*021*2023-03-10 06:28

{{3 hours ago, warham1995 said:

How about a story with the mom trying to follow her own advice and try to hold it while at a work function.

}}

Why didn't I think about it... Awesome droolworthy idea...🤤

*023*2023-03-11 17:30

{{3 hours ago, BartleyZumboza said:

Wonderful story!!! Love strong, powerful women who hold their piss by choice. Yana should be an example to all ladies.

}}

🥹🥹🥹

I loved the fact that you loved the story. Means a lot to me as a writer to get such profound compliments...

