Ayo Technology

Author: soo-pis-sed

*000*2020-08-06 12:50

I've woken up to a happy thought of how close I am to fulfilling my dream. Today I'm taking my entrance exam to the most progressive college of my city, famous for its extensive research of new technologies. Many graduates continue their education in MIT, others work in R&D departments of the most advanced companies. I've been working hard to make it to the final exam, and I'm 100% sure I'll do great! Even if they are prejudiced against girls there, my result will speak for itself. They can't but accept me. All I need today is concentrate and show 'em.

I arrive to my destination early - I was too excited to stay at home any longer. The building is quite inconspicuous from the outside, but as soon as you're in, you realize how futuristic this place is. The hall is virtually an exhibition of various devices invented by the students. I was going to use a bathroom as soon as I'm in, but I get so absorbed I don't even notice at first that the door of the examination auditorium has opened, and people are already walking in.

I prefer to sit in the back row (no, I'm not a cheater, I just can't stand teachers staring at me), and I presume that this time there will be many people who'd want to take seats there, so I hurry up. I definitely feel like using a bathroom, but it's probably because I'm nervous. "Soon I'll get distracted anyway," I think.

So, I choose a desk in the last row. The sealed envelopes with the task materials are already in front of every student. Most people around me control themselves; some others start to unwrap them, although there are still a couple of minutes before the test begins. No one seems to watch me. I tear off the tiniest corner of the envelope to peek inside... Suddenly my bladder feels a bit fuller than I thought. Fine, I have one or two minutes to go to the bathroom. I stand up, and immediately the invigilator makes a few quick steps towards me.

"Please take your seat."

"But I can still go out before the exam starts!"

"Not after you've unwrapped your materials."

"But I have not! Look, it's just a torn corner. I couldn't possibly see anything through this hole."

"It doesn't matter. Please take your seat. We're starting now anyway."

It's too late, so I can't but take my seat. My bladder feels even heavier than before; I swear under my breath at it, at myself, at the numerous cups of coffee I've had, and at these stupid rules.

I finally tear the envelope and look through the tasks. They seem quite easy - I'm perfectly ready for this and maybe even higher level of difficulty. But I still need to focus to work on them, which is unexpectedly hard. I have to admit that I really, really need to pee. Well, it seems like I have to hold it in. I wiggle a bit until I find the least uncomfortable position, and start writing.

Halfway through the first assignment, I realize that I can't solve even the simplest problem, as if my bladder is so full it presses on my brain. There's no way I can go on unless I take a piss. I stand up and walk along all the rows right to the door. The invigilator looks at me, quite surprised.

"Oh, you? Still trying to just go out and get the answers? It's not happening, sorry."

"What? I don't even need to cheat, I'm more prepared to this test than anyone! I just need, you know..."

"What?"

"I need to use a bathroom."

"So you're saying you need to pee? Well, let's check it."

She takes some strange device from the desk. It's a long silver stick with a small display.

"What's this?"

"It's a bladder scanner, the newest technology we developed to fight cheating. It checks the size of bladder, absolute volume of its contents, and tension of its parietes, then uses these parameters to calculate its fullness. You can't go out unless your bladder is at least 80% full."

"It sounds like collecting very personal information. All right, I have no time to argue. How long does the procedure take?"

"Just a few seconds."

The invigilator holds the scanner in front of my stomach until it makes a long, nasty beep.

"Thanks, can I go now?"

"No you can't. You bladder is only 30% full, it shouldn't be much of a trouble. Please go back to your seat."

Too astonished to protest, I walk through the whole auditorium again. My bladder jerks with every step, begging for relief. But it's just 30% full! How can it be?

Back at my desk, I try to focus again. "Bladder scanner said I'm not supposed to crave a bathroom so bad," I think, "which means I only need it because of my anxiety. I just have to calm down and concentrate on the important things." I suppress the desire to bury my hand under my skirt and hold my crotch, and go on writing. Finally I get distracted by the test... until my body lets me know that I'll simply wet myself if I don't go to the bathroom NOW. I cross my legs, but it doesn't help a bit. I'm so close to leaking that I can't believe this "30%" bullshit anymore. I stand up, trying to keep my thighs as squeezed as possible, and do The Walk again.

The invigilator chuckles.

"You again? I told you you can't go out."

"Please, let's try your device one more time."

She scans my bladder with that goddamn thing again. The same negative beep.

"Still 30%. You'd better stop trying to cheat and spend your time on actually working, I'm sure this will be better for you."

"It can't be still 30%, my bladder is WAY fuller than before! Your "technology" doesn't work!"

"Do you think we would use it without testing it a thousand times, comparing the results with the data from U/S and other medical measurements, and so on? It works perfectly. Stop making a scene."

"I don't know why it shows this result then, but I REALLY need to pee. I can't hold any longer. Please let me go out, or I'll make a puddle here."

"Enough of this. You're distracting other students, who were studying for the test, instead of planning any tricks. If you don't stop it, the exam is over for you."

I just nod, red as a beetroot. "Even though I can't do my best in this condition," I think, "I still know enough to show how smart I am. They'll know I wasn't going to cheat when they see my test."

I walk back again. People are looking at me, giggling. I'm well aware I look like a person who is dying for a pee and hardly balances on the brink of losing control. Do they really believe I'm pretending? Well, I don't care anymore. I must remember why I'm here.

I clench my teeth and start writing again. I'm so outraged that it gives me some sort of stamina. I work faster than before. My whole body is strained - I can't relax even a little, otherwise it's game over for my bladder muscles. But I manage to ignore it. There's just one more task left, and it's almost solved... Oh no, now it's serious.

My urethra is filling with liquid, and I can't stop it anymore. If I don't run out of here, I'll wet all over the place. If they won't let me back to finish, so be it. Breathing heavily and bending, I rush to the door.

The invigilator looks annoyed.

"I've run out of patience," she says.

"I'm literally overfilled," I reply. "You can call it 30% or 3%, I don't care. My bladder calls it too much."

"Okay," she says, "let's try it on me. Actually I need a bathroom, too. Last time we tested this thing I felt this way on about 80%."

She scans herself and looks at the display, pretty surprised.

"30%. Hmm, it's strange..."

"I told you!"

The bladder scanner beeps again, and the display goes off.

"Oh no... The battery is flat! It could've been lying because of the low charge!"

She changes the battery fast.

"Well, I'll try it on myself again... 81%. Oh, you were right!"

"Now check mine!" I almost yell. My legs are shaking.

A series of fast loud beeps.

"Oh no, I'm so sorry! It's 97%, an emergency level! Go now - turn left, then right, the bathroom is in the end of the corridor!"

I move as fast as I can. My hand is under my skirt, pressing hard against my peehole, trying to block the quickening stream. The closer the bathroom door, the damper my fingers... finally, I'm there! I flop on the toilet, pulling up my skirt at the last moment, and let out a waterfall. Its sound drowns my loud moans of relief. It's so good...

Soon the bliss is over, and I estimate the damage. My skirt is untouched, legs a little wet, but, fortunately, the drops haven't reached my shoes, so I can just wipe them with toilet paper. My panties are completely soaked, though. I am honestly grateful to them for absorbing that much, but I don't know what to do with them now.

...I'm walking back to the auditorium. There's enough time left to finish and double check everything. Nothing will stop me now. "Haha," I think, "hopefully that crazy machine of theirs won't show that I'm not wearing panties."

