Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*017*2023-01-04 02:15

Written for the 12 Days of Omo prompt "While Cutting Down A Tree".

***

When he got home, Hugo was very proud of River for baking cookies on his own. River was just relieved that Duncan hadn’t told him about what he’d ended up needing to use the mixing bowl for. Hugo too thought that River had used an excessive amount of salt, but he still liked the cookies, was still happy that River was seeking to make this year’s Christmas somewhat festive in spite of everything he’d gone through during the year.

Hugo thought that if River was willing to put in the effort, they may as well decorate the cabin a little bit as well. They didn’t have any tree ornaments anymore, or wreaths or garlands— When they’d fled here, they’d only brought the bare essentials and Christmas decorations had failed to make the cut. However, just because they didn’t have anything to hang on a tree didn’t mean they couldn’t have one at all. Hugo asked River and Duncan if they’d like a tree, if they’d like to come with him to the tree farm and cut one down. “It will be like when we walk around the woods here, and you’ve been feeling safe doing that, right?”

They didn’t even need that much convincing to come along. But, the first problem arose when it came time to get River bundled up for the weather. When Hugo announced it was time to get ready, River clearly intended to head out in his normal clothes. Hugo had sort of expected that, but Duncan looked surprised. “River, you’re gonna freeze to death!”

“No, I won’t,” River shook his head. “I’m used to it.”

Duncan started to take off his own coat, “Here, wear—“

“Duncan, don’t worry, I’m—“

“Yeah, Duncan,” Hugo said. “River has his own Winter clothes, he just needs to go put them ON,” he added, giving River a firm look.

“Alright…” River sighed, walking back to his bedroom. He thought Hugo and Duncan were being silly about this. River could handle cold, it barely even bothered him. And he’d never liked thick, layered Winter clothing— A bit of chilliness was worth it to avoid how annoying clothes like that could get.

He got some things out of his closet. He took off his pants and pulled some thick, woolen underwear on over his boxers, then he put his pants back on, and added the snow pants he knew Hugo was going to make him wear anyway. Then he buttoned on a long, heavy coat. The whole time he did this, the only thing he could think about was how he was going to need to take it all back off again.

There was really only one reason River hated getting himself properly dressed for cold weather; A small bladder didn’t mix well with multiple layers to undo and shove aside before releasing it. When he was a kid, his parents would always force him into four layers of thermal underclothes beneath a pair of leggings and then a pair of pants. When he inevitably had to go, there would be so many buttons and so much tight fabric to fight with that, even if he got to the toilet with loads of time to spare, at the very least the bottom layer of his outfit would end up a little damp from a leak or two.

Maybe… Maybe it would be at least a LITTLE easier now? He didn’t have to get his entire lower half undressed, he just needed enough space to pull his dick out. But, that still didn’t mean he’d have any fewer buttons to undo. Once he’d fastened the final one on his coat, he told himself that the ‘just in case’ piss he’d taken a few minutes ago would be enough to satiate his bladder until they had returned to the cabin and he was back in his usual clothing.

River left the bedroom, rolling his eyes. “Okay, there,” he said.

Duncan smiled at him and hugged him, almost making the annoyance worth it. “Awwww, you look so cute and snuggly!” He kissed him on the cheek.

River blushed, “I… Thanks… This stuff is just… It’s cumbersome, you know?”

“Kind of,” Duncan agreed.

Hugo held out a pair of mittens, and River reluctantly put them on.

Soon, they were on the road, headed towards the farm. Once they got stuck in a bit of holiday traffic, Hugo and Duncan started discussing how tall they’d like their tree to be. Hugo was pleased that Duncan was speaking to him outside of the cabin, unlike how it had been during their disastrous first outing. Maybe since he’d gotten comfortable going on walks through the woods, whatever had happened to his voice that day was over and done with.

Hopefully he’d be able to KEEP talking once they got to the farm.

River was more preoccupied with the fact that he ALREADY sort of needed another bathroom break. He ran a hand along the zipper of his snow pants, dreading how much he’d have to get through before he could relieve himself. He hoped, at least, that he’d be able to wait it out until they were about to leave the farm. Even if he wasn’t able to hold it in through this whole trip, he would prefer if he could get away with just ONE pee stop, just ONE headache inducing feud with way too many buttons.

But, one thing that wasn’t helping his bladder were the bumps in the road. Having ridden in a car only ONE other time in the last several months, he still hadn’t gotten used to the unstable feeling of the ground below him, the jostling bounces that shot right through his uncomfortable abdomen. He was clenching his thighs together as the traffic wore on, and his jaw was tensed with discomfort by the time they were finally at the farm. He cursed himself for the hot chocolate he’d had right before they were due to leave, wishing he’d just left it all in the cup rather than allowing it to flood his bladder.

He hadn’t noticed yet, but his hand had curled itself firmly around the door handle, his muscles twitching with the eagerness to rip it open. He didn’t want to be stuck in the car any longer, and he tore his seat-belt apart before tearing out of the vehicle. He landed way too hard on his feet in the snow, the shock of it sending abrupt flares of need through the soles of his feet and into his tingling bladder.

Duncan got out of the car and started to shiver. Hugo noticed, hoping it was just from the cold and not from fear. The entryway to the farm was covered in festive streamers and lights, it looked warm and welcoming. It was the last place a person should feel scared. Hugo’s gaze shifted to River, seeing that he too was shaking, but it was EASY to tell River’s shudders came from anxiety, because his eyes were blown wide open with a look of abject panic.

“River…” Hugo said. “Just stick with me, this is a safe place…” He gestured to some of the other people heading towards the entrance. “Look, nobody’s here but parents and kids.”

River had been so focused on his need to relieve himself, and the dread of dealing with his clothing to do so, that he hadn’t been thinking about how this was only his second time really venturing out in public. The familiar fear started to fill his chest, and he scurried forwards to walk next to Hugo and Duncan, gripping the latter’s hand in his own.

They walked past the entryway, and up to a small kiosk that had been set up. As Hugo talked to the woman working there, explaining that they intended to buy only one tree and telling her how high the ceiling was in their home, River wriggled and turned from side to side.

There were lots and lots of beautiful trees here, and River TRIED to choose one he liked. But, as he looked at them all, he couldn’t help thinking that they all seemed a little dry. Even with the snow surrounding them, he was certain they were dehydrated. He would be doing them all a favor if he watered them…

‘Right. Fine. Okay,’ River thought, frustrated. ‘I need a leak NOW.’ No way was this gonna wait until he got back to the cabin, it wasn’t even gonna wait until they were ready to leave the farm! His bladder was quivering, his pee sloshing to and fro and begging to be released. He knew this place must have had a bathroom of some sort. Maybe it would just be an outhouse, but he could live with that. Flexing his hand wrapped around Duncan’s a few times, River turned in all directions and tried to find a restroom.

Finally, he spotted a wooden post with various signs nailed to it, each one sporting an arrow. Most of them just designated where certain types of trees would be located, or where the ornament kiosks were, but one featured the symbol River wanted; a set of pink and blue stick figures. He exhaled at the sight of it, his breath fogging in front of him. “Duncan, once Hugo’s done here, I gotta take a piss, okay?”

To his great worry, Duncan didn’t say ‘okay’. He didn’t say anything. He just nodded. River’s stomach churned, and he hoped that Duncan’s ‘mute button’, as he’d chosen to call whatever this new problem was, hadn’t been pressed again.

“Do you need to go?”

Duncan shook his head.

“Are you okay?”

Nod.

River pulled him into an anxious hug, not caring that pressing their bodies together was smooshing his bladder.

Once Hugo had finished talking to the woman and had paid for their tickets into the farm and the axe he’d be using, he started to lead River and Duncan off. River was about to tell Hugo that he needed the toilet before they did anything else, but Hugo was heading them in that direction anyway. Apparently, the first trees he wanted to look at first were near the restrooms. Perfect, River would be peeing in just a few minutes… Just as soon as he got his stupid clothes down.

As they trudged through the snow, River tried to ignore the axe in Hugo’s hand. He’d known that if they were cutting down their own tree, an axe would be necessary. He’d known to expect that he’d end up seeing one today, but he didn’t like it. The last time River had touched an axe had been one of his worst moments; The moment when River took another person’s life.

He hadn’t had a choice in the matter, if he hadn’t done what he’d done, then Duncan would have been the one killed instead. River had NEEDED to wield that axe and save Duncan. But, even in his most miserable, most angry days, River had never wanted to kill anyone. Having a death on his conscience, even one that he realized was unavoidable, was something heavy River would have to carry with him forever.

River had never told Hugo that he’d been forced to kill during his time with the Organization. He hoped Hugo wouldn’t offer the axe to him today, wouldn’t ask him if HE wanted to be the one to cut down the tree. River never wanted to hold an axe again.

They arrived in a clearing, trees were lined up and waiting to be selected, but River couldn’t care less about them. He’d caught sight of a small, shabby looking building off in the distance. His bladder recognized what it was even before he did, and he was momentarily unable to move as an intense surge threatened to send a gush of liquid down his legs. “Ah— Hugo?” River asked.

“Hm?”

“I want to take a leak,” River told him. “The bathroom’s right over there… Can…” he swallowed. He knew what he was going to ask. He knew what he HAD to ask. He knew what he NEEDED. But, it wasn’t easy to force those words out, to ADMIT that this was what he needed, that he could no longer handle such a simple task by himself. Duncan had told him that he had to give himself a break, and that it was fine to need somebody to take care of him. It even felt GOOD to be taken care of, but it also felt bad. How could the same thing feel both wonderful and soul crushing? “Can you and Duncan take me, please?”

“…Sure,” Hugo said, not wanting to call any more attention to River’s new change in peeing habits. In the old days, River would have just said “Gotta piss now!” And run off to the toilet by himself. But, he reminded himself, these WEREN’T the old days. He had to get used to it just like River did…

As they walked towards the restroom, River could barely move quickly enough. The knowledge that he was getting his relief soon made his bladder cramp and throb more and more with each passing second. The power of suggestion untwisting the knots his holding muscles were tied into, making them go loose long before River was actually ready for them to. River stood in front of the door to the men’s room, hopping on his feet and swinging his fists. What was it like in there? Were there people in it, or was it too quiet and eerie? What if there was just ONE person in there, and it was someone waiting to ambush him? Someone from the Organization whom had seen him entering the farm and recognized him, could tell he needed the bathroom since he’d been unable to stop wriggling?

River didn’t feel any more safe going through that door by himself than he did walking to this building by himself. “Do… Do you need to go?” He asked both his companions.

They each shook their heads.

“Wanna… Wash your hands…?” He tried .

“River, are you scared to go in there alone?”

River said nothing, just shifted from foot to foot as his bladder pounded with confusion the longer he stared at the door and refused to grab its handle.

“We’ll go with you,” Hugo said. “Don’t worry.”

River nodded and finally tried to yank the door open.

But, it didn’t budge.

What— He could tell from the shape of the handle and the size of the building that this WASN’T a single stall bathroom. Surely a row of stalls and an even longer row of urinals existed right beyond the wooden obstruction, but he couldn’t get it to come open! His heart rate picked up speed, every thump jolting his bladder. He grunted as he pulled on the handle again, “Nnnh… Come onnnn…” he whimpered.

He finally took a step back, accepting that the toilets in that room were now out of bounds to him for whatever reason. “It’s locked,” River told Hugo, eyes wide and beseeching.

Hugo tried the door himself, having no more success than River had. He gave River a sympathetic look. “Is it an emergency?” He asked. He had a feeling that it was getting there. That had been a long ride with a lot of traffic, truthfully the fact River hadn’t asked for a stop during it had surprised him.

River said nothing for a moment. Then, “I could probably hold it for a little while…” There was zero certainty in his voice, his tone trembled and indicated that he really had to go. He just had a feeling that even if they forgot about the tree and went straight home, he STILL wouldn’t make it there in time. River was going to have an accident today, may as well actually GET the tree so that this trip wouldn’t be pointless.

Duncan frowned, leaning closer to River and nuzzling him softly. He wanted to say a few words of encouragement, maybe suggest they go back to that lady Hugo had been speaking to and ask for a key, but when he opened his mouth, his tongue just flopped around inside it uselessly. His tongue felt like something foreign, something that didn’t even belong to him. So, he settled for just rubbing River’s hand and hoping that got some sort of message across.

Hugo had one idea, but he wasn’t sure how to broach the subject; The women’s room might be unlocked. A few times in the past, Hugo had been with a male friend whom was desperate to relieve himself, while the nearest men’s room had been out of order. Hugo had suggested that they just use the ladies’ since it was an emergency. And it had been awkward, some of those friends had needed to be coaxed, or had needed a female friend to scope the place out and assure him that no one was there to be made to feel uncomfortable, but they’d given in eventually.

Hugo had every reason to suspect that making this suggestion to River would be very different. There would be another layer to it, one that Hugo couldn’t relate to, but always tried his best to understand. River had told him before that he had had trouble in public restrooms. When he was first living on the streets, River looked extremely androgynous; He caught people staring at him often, and knew that many of them were trying to figure out what he was.

His body naturally produced about the same amount of testosterone as any other guy. But, when he’d been with his parents, they’d forced him to take medication which suppressed that production, and ingest Estrogen hormones to replace it. Once he was away from his parents and no longer taking these medications, his body was masculinizing. He grew facial hair and his voice deepened, his shoulders broadened… But, the Estrogen had caused him to develop breasts. And people noticed them. River was malnourished on the streets, it was obvious the breasts were not the result of excess weight.

He knew his appearance confused people, he knew that they WANTED to know what he was, and some people seemed to take offense at the fact that they couldn’t tell, as if River was trying to confuse them on purpose for some devious and nefarious reason. So, if he went to a public restroom and enough people were around to see him do it, he would get confronted no matter WHICH door he went through. He’d be yelled at that he didn’t belong there and followed through the room as the other person badgered him with questions. Sometimes he’d get hit. Once, he got pepper-sprayed in the face, and he’d even had security called on him.

River’s chest was no longer a cause for confusion or judgement, however he would definitely still have those bad memories… “Do you wanna try using the women’s room?” Hugo asked.

River nodded. He didn’t ‘WANT’ to do it, but considering the only other choice available to him now was holding his pee until he inevitably soaked his pants, he WOULD do it. “Still come with me, though?”

Hugo looked away awkwardly. “Yeah, okay…” he said.

Duncan nodded, holding onto River’s hand as River approached the other door.

Again, River’s body tried to get ahead of him. Now given a second chance at relief, his aching holding muscles were excitedly loosening up, making him squeeze his thighs tighter to maintain control. But then, River tried the handle and found that THIS door was locked as well! A whimper burst from the back of his throat as a pressure build up behind his eyes. This was so unfair! Why were they BOTH locked? Why were they BOTH locked on a day when so many people were visiting the farm?! Didn’t whoever was in charge realize that a few of the guests would BADLY need to relieve their bladders before they left?

River stepped backwards and tried to steady his breathing. He was deeply uncomfortable, and he was under no illusion that he’d be able to hold his piss all the way back to the cabin, but freaking out wasn’t going to do him any good, either. If he panicked too much, he’d have an even trickier time keeping his sphincters shut. “Th—That one’s locked too,” River informed miserably.

Hugo frowned. “Do you want to just—“

River shook his head. “No, you paid for the ticket, and to rent the axe and everything… We came all the way out here. Besides, I don’t even need to go that much, I can wait.” The last statement was a lie, urine was swishing painfully in his midsection, the pressure weighing him down just as much as his heavy coat was. Just KNOWING that there were toilets and urinals a few feet from his current position, yet still out of his reach, did nothing to help matters. His bladder convulsed, muscles burning. “Let’s go find a tree…”

“Are you sure?” Hugo asked. “If it’s bad, I don’t want you to hurt yourself or have an accident…”

“I won’t, I’m fine!” River insisted. Truthfully, he knew that if they left now, he’d wet his pants in the car before they got home. A part of him was thinking it would be for the best if he stayed here until his bladder burst, so that he wouldn’t soak the car seats. Neither of these outcomes were good, but at least if he picked the second one, he’d only end up wetting a patch of snow.

He knew that if he explained this reasoning to Hugo, the other probably wouldn’t understand it, but it really DID seem like the most logical choice to River.

They left the restroom building behind, River’s bladder not the least bit emptier— In fact, it felt even fuller than it had before he’d discovered the toilets were locked. His middle pulsed with brilliant, hot points of need, his pee shrieking to be let out even though there was nowhere for him to release it.

When they got to a row of trees and Hugo started to look them over, River tried not to think about what he wished he could DO to those trees. He was positive that he wasn’t allowed to get any of them ‘wet’, no matter how much he wanted to. He actually started to think that the sight of the trees was worse on his bladder than the sight of the locked toilets had been…

River twitched, not realizing that he’d begun to squeeze onto Duncan’s hand so tightly that his knuckles were cracking until Duncan started to let out pained sounding mewls. “O—Oh,” River said, loosening up his grip. “Sorry…”

Duncan looked into River’s eyes. His wide, nervous eyes… His boyfriend was fidgeting, hips swaying left and right and feet crunching in the snow. He couldn’t understand why River hadn’t just BEGGED to go back home. Duncan wanted to ask, TRIED to ask, he managed to squeak out River’s name before his throat constricted with anxiety and his jaw pulsed.

River rubbed a soothing pattern into Duncan’s hand. “It’s okay…” he said, nerves fluttering in his stomach, getting dangerously close to wrapping around his full bladder. Duncan seemingly forgetting how to form words was even more worrisome the third time… “I just have to go piss, but I’ll be fine. Just let me—“

Duncan frantically shook his head back and forth. He’d thought their discussion the other day with the cookies had gotten through to River somehow, but he was still trying to insist he could handle everything, endure anything, all by himself!

“What?” River asked. “What’s—“

“Guys,” Hugo said. “What do you think of this one?” He beckoned them over to a very tall tree.

River looked up at it, and wasn’t so sure. “I think that one’s too tall to fit…” he said. “We need one a little short—Nnnh!— Shorter…” River bent at the knees, allowing them to rub together. ‘There’s nothing you can do!’ He reminded himself. ‘You’re going to pee your pants…’ Trying to accept his fate did little to soothe the painful demands of his bladder. Really, knowing that an accident was inevitable was heightening the pressure inside his body to panic-inducing levels.

He KNEW he was going to pee his clothes, but he was in PUBLIC, and Duncan was right next to him, holding his hand, and he didn’t WANT to pee his clothes! He just saw no way out! His bladder was strained and hard in his abdomen, holding back a wave of liquid. Holding it in for ten more minutes, to say nothing of the entire drive back home, wasn’t physically possible. A bladder could only hold so much, and River’s bladder could hold less than most.

He noticed Hugo had brought them to an area that didn’t have TOO many people milling around. Like he had the day their bathroom door had gotten stuck, River debated if he should just LET himself pee in his clothes now, while he had a little more privacy. If he did it RIGHT this second, he would be able to save himself the discomfort of waiting for it. No matter what, it WAS going to happen, it was just a matter of time. So, shouldn’t he do it right away before the pressure got excruciating, or they found themselves in a bigger crowd of potential witnesses? With as many layers as he had on, maybe no one would even notice if he walked away from the yellow snow quickly enough…

Ah, no… His pee was going to be warm, right. In the cold air, it might steam up or something. Even if the wet spot didn’t make it to the outmost layer of his clothes, the steam would still be visible. Nope, he was going to have to keep waiting until he actually lost it… Or at least until he was ready to PRETEND that he was really losing it.

As they kept walking, River kept his pee at bay by clenching his thighs, and crossing his legs whenever they paused. Every single tree they passed didn’t look like anything to cut down and put up in their living room. Instead, they all looked like beautiful relief River was dying to claim for himself. Maybe once they’d found the right tree, River could go on that one? Like… Like marking it as his own, yeah. Same way a dog would… It would be fine if they BOUGHT the tree River had urinated against, surely?

Ohhh, come to think of it, it wasn’t like there were any signs that said NOT to pee on the trees! So, that meant there were no rules against it! Or, more rationally, it meant that they didn’t think they needed to TELL people not to water them…

Not wanting to tease his bladder further, River tried to think of other things and focus just on putting one foot in front of the other. Hugo kept glancing at the trees, but he seemed to find something he disliked about each one. River wasn’t sure what, he had no idea what the criteria even was for a good Christmas tree. Really, they all looked identical to him, save for their heights and widths…

Every time Hugo paused, River was left swaying back and forth, the seams of his bladder tearing apart more and more until he was clasping one shaking hand around Duncan’s wrist, and trying to clutch his crotch with the other, legs frantically rubbing together, his thick underpants chafing and midsection screaming.

He needed to TRY to grab his dick because his Winter outfit had made such a task nearly impossible. The coat hung down so far that it was in the way, and then all the layers he had on over his legs made it even trickier. The fact he had gloves on added a whole extra level of difficulty. He pressed his hand against his crotch, and bucked his hips into his palm, but it was like he wasn’t making any contact at all! His hand failed to transform into the plug he wanted so badly to stuff into his opening.

Duncan was aware of River’s struggling, he could feel River jerking about as he held onto his hand. He saw the sheets of sweat flowing down River’s face, as though he was standing in the Sahara desert in the middle of Summer instead of walking through a snow covered Christmas tree lot in the Winter.

Duncan knew there must have been a key for the restrooms, and was surprised neither River nor Hugo had thought to ask someone for it. Duncan wanted to tell them. He pressed his tongue up against the roof of his mouth and let out a muffled noise.

Hugo turned around, “Wha—“ His eyes fell on River, twitching and wriggling and failing to even hold himself properly. “River, you should have sai—“

“KEY!” Duncan blurted out, louder than he’d intended.

Hugo was confused, but River got it right away. “A— A key for the restrooms?” He said. “There HAS to be one, right?” He felt like an idiot for not considering that before, and crossed his legs tighter to hold back the pool of piss trapped within him, too desperate to care if it made his need obvious.

“Right, right!” Hugo said. “I bet there is! Come on…” He was shuffling them off again, back to the kiosk they’d stopped at when they’d first arrived here.

Now that River’s hope had been reignited, he was suddenly more determined to hold it again. Maybe an accident WASN’T guaranteed, maybe he’d get to use a toilet. Ohhh, please, please, let him be able to use a toilet really soon! He didn’t have much time left! When they got to the kiosk, River wanted to unwrap his legs and pretend that he wasn’t on the verge of flooding himself, but he just COULDN’T. He tried to loosen himself out just a LITTLE and that was enough to send the first squirt of pee out into his clothes.

Besides, the woman would HAVE to give them the key once she saw how much River needed it…

He stood at Hugo’s side, stomping his feet as he listened. “Is there a key for the restroom? Kind of an emergency…”

Hugo’s words didn’t embarrass River; They were TRUE, after all. And, again, emphasizing the severity of River’s situation would hopefully generate a bit of pity for him.

But, Duncan seemed to be afraid that River WAS embarrassed, because the next thing he knew, Duncan was rubbing his shoulder and nuzzling him again, trying to smile.

“I’m okay…” River said. “I’m fine… I’m fine… I’ll be—“

“I’m sorry,” the woman told Hugo. “Someone accidentally took the keys home last night… You’re not the first person to ask. I’m REALLY sorry.”

River wasn’t going to be fine.

“That’s… That’s okay,” Hugo said. “It’s not your fault, don’t worry about it…”

River couldn’t STOP worrying about it! He was exploding! He kept feeling little drips falling into his underwear, the warmth rolling down the insides of his legs. He was scared he’d let out enough already that steamy fog was visible around his crotch…

River wasn’t going to be fine at all. He was absolutely dying for a piss. Even just a few seconds of relief— Just, please, please— ANYTHING.

River had a feeling they were going to forget about the tree now, Hugo was going to take them back to the car and try to get River home in time. River was going to come apart and gush all over his seat, probably before they’d even left the parking lot…

But, instead Hugo was leading them back to the trees they’d been looking at. River was confused at first, then figured that Hugo must have come to the same conclusion; River was going to wet his pants, and it would be better if he did it outside and spared the car seats from the deluge.

Hugo walked them past a few rows of trees, further and further, River leaking abundantly every handful of yards. When Hugo stopped, they were at the far end of the lot. The trees here were all scraggly, missing chunks of leaves, and very short. Clearly, these were not the ones expected to sell, and no one was even over here to look at them. River got nervous, and Duncan was shaking too. It was too quiet, too much solitude. Anything could happen when no one was around to see…

They could be attacked. They could be grabbed. They could have rags shoved over their mouths and noses and be taken away to—

‘Hugo has the axe, though…’ River thought. ‘Don’t be—‘

Hugo brought River back to reality when he brought up one of the more common things that occurred when nobody was around to watch. “Alright, River, guess you’re gonna get to write your name for the first time today, huh?”

River looked up at him. “H—Huh?”

“Pee,” Hugo said. “I don’t know if it’s allowed but… Hey, no one’s gonna find out all the way over here, are they?”

Oh. Right… River could ‘write his name’. He hadn’t ever done that before. It had snowed one other time after he’d had his phalloplasty, but it hadn’t even crossed his mind that he could DO that now. Ohhh, God could he do that RIGHT now, though… In fact, forget writing his name, he had enough piss in him to write a whole fucking novel.

Suddenly hit by a surge of adrenaline brought on by extreme levels of need, River tore at the bottom buttons of his coat, yanking them apart as he kept jumping between his feet. He fought with the button and zip of his snow pants, and moaned at the layers he still had to get through. His bladder was crying, streams of uncontrollable liquid still strolling slickly down his legs, and there was just SO much still there, separating his dick from the outside the world.

He tried for the button on his regular pants, but his hands were shaking so much by that point that he couldn’t move it. “Nnnhh… Ah—!” He choked, hopping up and down more urgently, fighting with his clothes all the while. He crossed his legs, palmed his crotch and doubled forwards.

Next thing he knew, Duncan was knelt in front of him, parting the button, lowering the zipper. “Hurry!” River begged him, his fists clenching at his sides, shuddering. “Hurry! I’m already pissing!” He surrendered himself over to Duncan’s help. Duncan’s hands weren’t spasming, Duncan was still calm, still in control of his body. River was the opposite. River needed help. River WANTED help, and he wanted to cover Duncan in kisses for giving it to him, for taking care of him when he had no way of taking care of himself. “Hurrrryyyy!”

Duncan finally unbuttoned River’s thermal underpants, parted the flap on his boxers open, and River’s hand dove inside. Duncan stumbled back as River freed himself from his clothing and blindly aimed a torrent into the snow— If it had taken him a second longer, River may have peed on him…

“Ahhhhhh…. Fuuuuuuck…” River moaned, every seam in his bladder pulling itself apart and allowing its contents to spill out with wild, reckless abandon. His eyes fluttered back open, and he decided that he actually WOULD like to write his name out, or at least try to. His aim was definitely way better than it had been the first time he’d peed standing, and he never missed the bowl anymore, but he wasn’t sure if he could actually make any shapes in the snow or not.

He tried, shifting his hips and adjusting his grip on his dick, wriggling around to try and get out something legible. He decided to do it all in capital letters, since he thought that would be easiest. It was WAY harder than he’d thought it would be. His bladder had completely split apart and was going to keep spraying until it was bone dry, so he couldn’t pause between the letters or anything— Was he supposed to? He doubted people pissed in cursive very often… Or did they? In the end, it WAS recognizable as his name, but he was STILL peeing so much, STILL felt so full…

So, he went for his LAST name as well. His last name was a lot longer than his first, and he’d be REALLY proud of himself if it turned out he had enough piss in him to make it. As he made his attempt, he had a silly thought that a member of the Organization would find his name pissed out in the snow and figure out he lived in this area. He didn’t worry about that for very long though, because even if someone DID come over here for some reason, it was still snowing a bit and everything would be covered up soon.

He kept going, the letters growing more legible the longer he peed, and his bladder going looser and looser. He was finally able to stand upright all the way without the heaviness of his middle sending shooting pains through him. He was astonished when, not only did he have enough urine left to finish his last name, he was STILL peeing after he’d finished with it. He considered trying add on something like ‘WAS HERE’ but could tell he was nearing the end of his relief, so he just let it taper off into a puddle between his feet.

Then he realized Duncan was giggling… And, though he was happy to hear Duncan making some noise, River blushed anyway. “Wha—What?”

“Eheheh, you actually wrote it, like a kid…” Duncan said. “That’s cute…”

“W—Well, I never was able to when I WAS a kid…” River reminded.

“I’m not teasing you,” Duncan promised. “I told you, I think it’s cute! And, wow, you got your FULL name!”

“I really needed to go…” River said.

“You did,” Hugo said. “Why did you tell me you DIDN’T?”

River shrugged. “Because we’d already come all the way out here. And, I wasn’t going to make it home, so I thought… You know, I should piss myself OUTSIDE instead of in the car.”

Hugo struggled with that logic for a second; It was at once both sensible and flawed, something he thought could have only come from River. “… Um, alright… You feel better now?”

River nodded.

“Okay, good, that’s all that matters,” Hugo said. “Now maybe you can both concentrate more on helping me pick a tree.”

