When the Rain Falls Ch. 3

Author: somerandomgirl

*000*2024-02-24 17:54

A short word before we begin. I haven't really felt motivated to write this story, so I don't know how long it'll be before I update it.

Character Subject- Willow (POV), Emma

Point of View- 1st Person (Female)

Contents- Desperation, Wetting, Dirty Talk, Bathroom Control

Genre- Fiction

Chapter 3: Overcast

I'm standing in the backyard of my house, also known as my little goth garden. Adorned by all sorts of black or dark colored plants, the fence surrounded by tall red rose bushes for some extra privacy. My favorite would have to be the queen of the night tulips that I'm currently tending to- basically just dark purple tulips, but a simple change in shade is good enough for me. Too bad we can't get one of those flowers that looks like a skull. That'd be awesome! Watering and trimming my plants feels so soothing. Plants are so nice. You take care of them, they grow. Your nice to them, they are nice to you. Plants don't judge you for who you are. I love plants so much...

“Grow up big and strong, ok?” I whisper to one of the tulips I tended to. Yeah, it sounds funny to talk to a plant like that, but studies have shown that it's actually helpful to encourage plant growth. It'll still be super embarrassing if someone caught me doing it though. I hear a playful giggle from the side and jump away from it, arms over my waist. “Sorry! I mean... um...”

“I'm quite sorry, love. Did I startle you?” Emma said as she approached me. I nod at her. Emma widened her arms with her trademarked soft smile. I dived right into her chest, and we shared an embrace. She's so nice to me. What did I ever do to deserve that? “Are you almost done here?”

“Yeah. Just finishing up.” I said.

“Good. There's something that I'd like to discuss with you when your done.” Emma said. Oh god, what did I do? Is she mad at me? Is she finally done putting up with me? “Don't worry, Willow. I'm sure this is something you've wanted to discuss as well.” She must have noticed the worry on my face.

“Oh... ok.” I collect my gardening tools and follow Emma out. She notices and steps around the large, decorative rock. I, instead, meet it with my foot and stumble forward, flailing my arms out to catch my balance. Yes, after watching Emma notice and avoid it. I slow to a stop hopping on one leg.

“Sorry I bumped into you!” I turn to and apologize to the rock. I knelt in front of it to dust the dirt my shoe left on it off.

“Are you quite aright, love?” Emma said. Emma, I just apologized to a rock I tripped over... My response is an awkward smile. She examined me for a moment, then smiled back. Emma turned on the spot and slid open the glass and screen door to our house, letting me inside before entering herself to close it. As she neared the couch, she looked over her shoulder with another smile. This one unlike the last, much more, raunchy, paired with those bedroom eyes. Oh... that's what she meant. I felt the redness on my cheeks immediately, along with a tinge of excitement. Emma looked ahead again, with one of her light, airy giggles.

“Just what is it that your thinking right now, love? Hmm? Is that head of yours filled with dirty thoughts?” She teased. Love it when she does that...

“Yeah...” I said. Emma turned and sat down on the couch, extending an arm with an upturned, palm next to her. Of course I took the seat, and leaned against her. She wrapped an arm around me in return. I nuzzled my head on her shoulder and closed my eyes. She's warm. Both in body and action. It's nice... I'm not used to this.

“That's a good thing, love. We haven't had much of a chance to discuss our wee fetish lately. That's something I'd like to indulge with you in.”

“I've been meaning to talk to you about that too.” I said. When it comes to BDSM, we match pretty well. Emma is against physical torture, like using whips and stuff, but I'm much more into the psychological aspects anyways, like dirty talk, control, dominating positions, and especially humiliation. We both agree that a little bit of playful spanking and bondage is nice sometimes too. When it comes to watersports, I think that I'm more into desperation and wetting for myself. Even when I was doing it alone, wettings always feel just a little bit humiliating. Which I love... And watching Emma wet herself on purpose for me was amazing too. Watching her wee... I mean, pee, was nice, but not my favorite. I think that circumstances of us peeing together in that hedge maze made it sexier then it would have been normally. But what about her? I opened my eyes.

“Mmm. I'd very much like to hold my wee for you again, love. I enjoy the feeling of oceans of wee sloshing around in my bladder to the point that it feels like I could very well burst. I like that very, very much.” Emma said.

“Yeah, I like holding my pee in a lot too. And wetting myself. Especially if I did it for you.” I mimed her thought, though in a much less descriptive and sophisticated way.

“Then why don't we do it together, love?” Emma said.

“At the same time? That sounds nice. We could see who loses control first.” I said.

“I'm not very competitive, love. I was thinking more...” Emma lowered her lips to my ears and whispered into them. “...Your not allowed to wee until I do. Is that clear?” I felt the smile curl on my face.

“Yes, mommy!”

“Good, my naughty little love.” Emma giggled. “Though, we should both wee first. Start fresh.” I nodded. We both did. Neither felt very exciting, since neither of us had to go at all, but we still watched each other. Since this is the first time we did this in front of the other without bursting bladders, it wasn't easy, but we managed. Then, we returned to the couch to cuddle up again. And here we have the boring part. Drinking water, about two liters of it each, and waiting for an hour while chatting light. Nothing special happened. My bladder filled and I presume hers did too. I'd be looking for a toilet if I was in public now, but still felt it was ignorable if need be. Sparks trailed down my spine. Anticipation. I knew what was coming. And I couldn't wait. What a nice day, alone with my wife, doing such kinky things with her. I wondered if I should start the control aspect of this now. It's not like I really have to go, but... it's not like it's about that anyways.

“Mommy? Can I go use the potty?” I said.

“What's this? You need to wee already? What a tiny, tiny bladder you must have.” Emma said, her voice harsh, but still soft, and still every bit as elegant as I expected a proper lady like her to be.

“...So... um...” I look away.

“I'm an adult, so I can handle a little bit of wee in bladder. So, until I decide to go, your just going to have to hold it.” Emma said. Dear god, she's good at this, and I love it so...

“Ok, mommy. I'll hold it in.” I said.

“Good. Do try to act like an adult. I know how difficult that is for you.” Emma said. She collected our spent water bottles to deposit into the trash can. The blare of the door bell interrupted our kinky little moment. God, who the hell is that even? It's not like I have any friends or even know anybody except Emma... And she's busy, so I guess I should answer this... I swung open our front door to reveal a middle aged woman wearing a fancy, sparkling red dress, a pearl necklace, and matching high heels. What the hell? She looks like she's ready to go to a ball. Her long, brown hair perfectly kept, straight and in line, her stern brown eyes glaring at me, with little to no facial movements. It doesn't seem like resting bitch face to me. I think she's really glaring at me, a total stranger, with contempt.

“Oh, I am very sorry. I thought that this was the residence of my daughter.” She said, her voice refined and elegant. She has a very slight accent, but I can't pin down where from. It's a tad familiar.

“Who's your...” I began, but Emma crept up behind me.

“Hello, mother. What are you doing here?” Emma said. This is her mom? She's never talked about her parents before. Obviously, I've never met them. She's never met mine, either. And that's for the better.

“Oh, what a rude daughter I raised. That's the first thing you say after we fly in to see you? Who taught you that? Certainly not me!” Emma's mother said. ...Whoa. That's... not very nice.

“I apologize, mother. How have you been?” Emma said. Though, she never got to answer. A middle aged man stepped in front her, wearing a gray suit and sporting a bit of a potbelly. Trimmed brown hair, brown eyes... I think I can guess who this is.

“Sorry to butt in, but I really need to drown a brown here.” He spoke quite soft as well, but with none of the elegance or grace of the ladies that are not me. While Emma and her mother's accent are both pretty subdued, his blared at full force. But if I couldn't guess this was Emma's dad, I wouldn't have been able to tell he was British by his voice alone. Accents are funny like that, huh? Emma guided her father's sight down the hall with the movement of her arm, to a cracked open door.

“Our quest bathroom is at the end of the hall, father.” Emma said.

“Thank you, dear.” He nodded, then sped off. What a difference between him and his wife. What the hell does he see in her? Emma's mother stepped inside and Emma closed the door for her.

“Well! Aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?” Emma's mother said. Oh. My. God. Again with the 'just close friends' shit! All of my life!

“Mother, this is Willow. Willow, this is my mother.” Emma said.

“Olivia. The pleasure is all yours.” Her mother said in the snootiest way possible while, quite literally I might add, sticking her nose up.

“Emma and I are wi...” I began, but a swift, but subtle elbow to my side silenced me.

“She's my roommate.” Emma said. ...What? I'm just your roommate? Is she ashamed of me? Why did I do wrong? I kinda just... stopped., dejected.

“Looks like someone never grew out off their goth phase.” Olivia said. I am NOT in the mood for that 'goth phase' bullshit right now.

“Looks like someone never grew out of their pretentious bitch phase.” I said.

“Willow! Don't talk to my mother like that!” Emma said. Why on Earth are you defending her? And not me!

“Oh my word. Someone's lacking in manners.” Olivia said.

“Girl, you need to look in a mirror sometime.” I said.

“Willow!” Emma asserted.

“I suppose that, someone like you, would think such things. But it isn't rude to call out another for being rude. Only to start it.” Olivia said. I... really don't know what to say. You DID start this. But I can't argue with her, she wouldn't listen... I couldn't say nothing either... So I just kinda... Leaned forward, clenched my fingers at her, bore my false fangs, and hissed at her.

“Oh my! What... what is that?” Olivia stepped away, surprised.

“Willow? Don't... don't hiss at my mother?” Emma tilted her head, looking at me more confused then anything. We heard a toilet flush.

“Oh, bloody hell!” We heard a British man swear.

“What is it, Arthur?” Olivia called out.

“The brown has been drowned! But it doesn't seem to want to leave.” We heard. ...Really? Is the first thing you do when coming here clog one of our toilets? Sounds about right with how today's going. At least Arthur was nice enough to clean up what he could, but, now, we need to call a plumber. And, dear god, the smell... the nasty, lingering smell... We all sat down on the couch, in order of, left to right, Arthur, Olivia, Emma, and me.

Arthur slung an arm around his wife. After not even letting me tell them that we're married, I knew I couldn't do the same with Emma. She even managed to slip her ring off without being noticed. I looked at mine and sighed. I'd do the same, but I can't be bothered. The three British people chatted, catching up, while I couldn't seem to muster up any words, mostly wallowing in self pity. They all sat up straight with perfect posture, more like a wet noddle, almost melding into the couch. I can't believe she did that. I don't get it. Why would she do that...

Around this time, I realized something. We both drank about two liters of water and never let it out. I've gotta go pretty bad now, my bladder tense. I shifted my knees side to side a bit. I knew Emma wouldn't show any signs until she was bursting, but I checked anyways, only to be just as disappointed as I expected. Even though I wasn't contributing to the conversation, I didn't have it in me to get up and leave. It'd give Olivia an parting shot. I can hold it anyways. I'm sure Emma felt held hostage by the conversation. I couldn't imagine being her, interrupting her mother so she could go. She's too polite for that, even if it wasn't her mother. So we both held on.

“You've been rather quite, girl.” Olivia said. I thought she was talking to me, so I paid more attention. That amounted to me glancing towards her.

“What is that you do for a living?” Arthur said, with genuine curiosity.

“I'm a botanist.” I said. I didn't feel like saying anything more then I had to.

“Oh, jolly good. What sort of activities does that entail?” Arthur said.

“I mostly cross breed various strains of plants to make them more useful for us. Drought resistant, weather resistant, more bountiful harvests, more insect resistant so we can use less pesticides, that sort of thing.” I said.

“What nice achievements for human kind! Emma here, has been obsessed with the ocean and everything in it since a wee young age.” Arthur said. I pulled my legs in. Ow... water. And for Emma, the mention of wee too. I still don't associate that word with urine much, even though she almost always uses it when she's referring to urine.

“She was even on the swim team when she was in school. Never brought home more then a silver medal.” Olivia said. ...But even that's really good! What the hell is wrong with this woman? I still can't read Emma's face. Maybe I can see a tiny bit of strain, but even that is so faint that I didn't know if I was imagining it or not. Noticeably, the father isn't saying anything either. So, he just lets his wife emotionally beat up on his daughter? “Maybe if she applied herself more. Might have brought that GPA above 3.9 as well.” ...I hate you so much. I considered leaving for our private toilet just to get out of here for a minute. It's not like it'd be an excuse... my bladder's screaming at me right now, wondering why I'm not emptying it when I have open access to a toilet. I just... don't wanna bother though... I'm drained. And the feeling of a full bladder is the only nice thing about this. ...Even if it would be SUPER embarrassing for her parents to learn about how much I enjoy that...

“Do you happen to have a garden as well?” Arthur said. I nod. It's probably too goth for your tastes. People judge you for happening to like dark colors. Treat you like a freak for some reason. “Would you show it to me? I happen to enjoy a bit of gardening myself.” I point a finger at the glass screen door. Please stop talking. I don't want to. I don't... have the energy to.

“What? Your not going to give him a tour? What a rude girl my daughter has for a roommate!” Olivia said. I am going to strangle you. With my bare hands. And watch the life drain out of your eyes. Emma started to raise.

“It's quite alright, I can handle this myself.” Arthur said. He exited to my garden, sliding the door shut behind him and Emma sat back down.

“We've lost him. He'll be there for hours.” Emma said.

“Would you show me to your water closet?” Olivia said.

“Personal homes in the states don't have water closets, mother. Only bathrooms.” Emma said.

“Well, you don't need to split hairs, dear!” Olivia stood up, grabbing her purse.

“I'm sorry. Let me show you to the master bathroom.” Emma did as well. I could feel my skin burn as Olivia's mother glared at me, as if waiting for something.

“Your not coming with?” Olivia said. It's not a public bathroom where we girls all always go together.

“You don't need two people to show you.” I said.

“Hmph. I see that ring on your finger. Must be divorced! No man would want to deal with such a rude girl!” Olivia said. Ew. Men. But I've had enough.

“Shut the fuck up.” I said, more calmly then I thought I would. Olivia froze, as if she never expected anyone to talk to her like that. She didn't retort- simply rushed off. Emma didn't say a word either. I sighed. She's going yell at me over that later, isn't she? Whatever. I don't care. The tension in my bladder is starting to feel serious. I'm fighting stronger waves more and more, the kind that don't really have a chance unless I let them win but are still distracting, and moving my rump side to side in my seat. Oh... Olivia's in our only functional bathroom now. She won't be long. I hope. I can hold it. I hope. Emma returned, not to the couch, where I was hoping I could hold her for some much needed comfort for the both of us, but to the kitchen. I got up to follow her... Oh shit! I danced on the spot and crossed my legs.

My bladder must be more full then I thought it was... Standing up straight hurts it a little, but it's not crushing it yet. After adjusting to this, I make it to Emma with ease. I see her, leaning her head against a low hanging cabinet, eyes closed and arms limp. She let out a sigh. ...Even if I can't read her face, I can tell how she's feeling now. ...I feel so selfish. I'm a terrible wife... All this time, I was more worried about how I was feeling about her mother. How she was treating me. 

But... Emma's dealt with her bullshit for all of her life. And her dad... doesn't seem bad, at first. But he enables the mother. Doesn't say a word when she hurts their daughter. And seems neglectful, if accidentally. I'd know from experience. I always thought that Emma was a naturally classy and elegant lady. But now I realize how much of that was beaten into her by her mother. I curled my arms around Emma from behind, hugging her. She opened her eyes, looking back over her shoulder at me with that soft smile, before returning the hug. I feel healed already.

“Please don't hold me too tight, love. I need a wee so badly.” Emma whispered to me. Hey, it's your back that's pressed against my bladder right now... Not that I'm complaining.

“Me too. But we'll have our chance to go soon.” I said.

“I'm very sorry about how I acted earlier, love. But I... I can't tell you how my parents will react to us. ...They've only seen me date men.” Emma said.

“I really needed to hear that...” I nuzzled my head on her shoulder, my worries absolved. Perhaps I had them for nothing. But I'm like that. “...uh, the first part. Your mom sucks.”

“...I know, Willow. I... I know...” Emma said. After our moment, we stood in the kitchen, waiting to hear footsteps approaching from our bedroom. But that didn't happen. My bladder's so full now... I'm shaking side to side, crossing and uncrossing my legs, sometime bouncing up and down. I'm bursting... And Emma? I can see the concentration on her face. The slight effort that she couldn't hide, suggesting how she needed to clench to remain dry. Nice. She still stood still, but I noticed her legs clamped tighter then normal.

“...Willow, I may have neglected to mention earlier that my mother is infamous for taking ages in the bathroom.” Emma said. ...What?

“You don't say?” I try to maintain a cool composure, but I'm dancing, and I'm sure she can see that.

“This went rather poorly, didn't it?” Emma said.

“It's getting really bad, but I can hold it. How about you?” I said.

“Same here. I do hope she doesn't take too much longer. But I know her...” Emma said.

“Do we have a...” I began. A single drip of urine stained my panties, and I leaned forward, crossing my legs tighter. “...c-choice?”

“I suppose not.” Emma said. Her expression turned harsh. “It looks like the little girl needs a potty.” Should we? No. Her parents are in the other room. But fuck it! I WANT to. Should not be damned. I want SOMETHING to go right today!

“Yes, mommy. I need to go potty so bad...” I still whispered though. I'm not that brave! “Can I go?”

“Someone else is using the toilet right now. And if it was empty, you'd still need to wait for me.” Emma said.

“...But! Mommy! I really need to go!” I whined quietly.

“Even so. Hold it.” Emma said.

“But...”

“Hold. It. In. Or your getting a spanking.” Emma said. I looked at my feet and clenched my hands, feeling the combined aroused from both of my fetishes.

“Ok, mommy!” I said. My bladder kept on filling, adding even more drops of water to the oceans it held, stretching its walls tight. I can't sit still. I'm holding the counter backside facing it and bobbing up and down with crossed legs, shaking a bit as my bladder releases several more drops into my panties. I moan soft, feeling the full brunt of this pleasurable agony. I can't wait for too much longer... I notice Emma tensed up, clutching her crotch subtly with both hands, her breathing slow and controlled.

I bet she's leaking too. It's almost been half an hour. Surely her mother can't be too much longer, right? Haha... yeah... Soon, I stood, doubled over, legs crossed, hands shoved into my crotch, breath shallow, panties soaked, and swaying side to side and bobbing up and down. My bladder feels so solid... I'm loving it, but still a bit worried... As for Emma... she's leaned forward with both hands glued down there, legs tight but not crossed, still trying to maintain her composure in case her parents show up. She keeps squinting hard, sometimes gasping. God do I want to know how wet her panties are right now... Her trying not to show how badly she needs to pee is a turn on in itself for me.

“...Love, we shouldn't wait much longer.” Emma said, quite, careful not to apply more pressure where she didn't want it right now.

“Your mom's still in our bathroom. And our quest bathroom is uninhabitable right now.” I said.

“I... I know that, love...” Emma closed her eyes. A slight red tint covered her face. “...I can't wait any longer.”

“I don't think that I can either... but... how?” I said.

“Well, you wanted to go potty so badly, maybe you should use the sink.” Emma returned to her dommy mommy mode. I... I mean... not the worst idea but...

“Emma, we don't have penises. How are we supposed to do that?” I said.

“We don't need them for this. But that does make it a tad harder, I suppose. We'll need to bring ourselves up to it.” Emma said. Right. That makes sense. The things you ignore when you don't need to consider them.

“Ok.” I said.

“Besides. You can only wee if I allow it. If you don't accept this, you won't be weeing for another few hours.” Emma said.

“No, mommy! I can't do that! I need to go soon! Please let me use a toilet!” I feigned disgust.

“No. Wee here, or hold it in.” Emma said.

“O-ok...” I felt a spurt. “...m-mommy...” I really don't have long. I stared at the sink. Pristine, clear of dishes. Not meant for peeing- especially for cis girls! I... don't know how to begin! I felt Emma's small, soft hands on my sides. I looked back, the stain on her face amplified, her legs crossed. Isn't the point of the control thing that she goes first? She helped lift me up to the sink as I shoved upwards with my legs. Ow! My bladder felt more cramped, and I tightened my crotch as much as I could to compensate for my lack of hands. I still felt another spurt escape. It's gonna start trailing down my legs soon...

“...Ah!” Emma gasped soft. I can't see, but I'm sure something similar happened to her. Ok! I'm up with my ass over the sink! ...Now I need to work my skirt up and panties down. I paused, noticing Emma standing, clutching her crotch, face grimacing. Yeah, I was right. I need to hurry so she can have her turn. I lifted my skirt up with one hand. But my bladder was through with this. Not a spurt, but a full stream gushed through the wet camel toe of my panties. Shoot, shoot, shoot! I barely have my skirt up enough yet! But it wouldn't stop, not matter how hard I clenched. With a hiss, I pissed through my underwear full force, my urine hitting the metal with an echoing din.

My face burned red. I could barely relax, even knowing only Emma could see me. Speaking off, she bent over, face tense, forcing one eye open. Despite how much it must have hurt her bladder, she watched my golden waterfalls usher forth, the thick stream lasting for what felt like ages. She shivered more and more as my bladder drained, likely fighting intense urges of her own. I calmed a little as my bladder emptied. At least the damage is restricted to my crotch and underwear. I can hid that easily... I just wish it would end soon! Emma groaned and stood up straight. She shivered again, standing in place to fight an oppressive wave.

“...It's too much for me.” She whispered, lifting up her skirt over her waist. My eyes darted to her soaked panties. A single spurt. A trail down one leg, then the other. And then an entire stream, running both down and in between her legs, a mixture of pleasure and embarrassment on her face. The golden fluid formed a running puddle on our tiled floor, as she keep adding more and more to it. My stream died down to a few more drips as hers kept going, my eyes glued to the tri-cascade. “...I really shouldn't have done that.” She sighed she finished.

We exchanged a naughty look, REALLY wanting to take this further. Good thing we keep some towels in the kitchen in case of leaks... though, I don't think this is the type of leaks they were meant for. She found one under the sink and handed it to me before tending to her spreading puddle. I patted down my crotch and legs, waiting a bit for Emma to soap up her some of mess before climbing down and joining her in cleaning it up. Finally, she patted her legs and crotch down. We threw the towels in the washer (which is in the kitchen, thankfully), and I removed my panties to add them. Now dry of urine (mostly) with the evidence hidden, we gazed at each, both full of lust. Again, this is plain stupid. But... we're both too horny to care. To try and pee in the sink and end up wetting yourself with your mother and father in law in the other room... how humiliating. Emma held me kiss, gazing into my eyes with that raunchy smile.

“Oh, you pathetic little girl. How very naught of you!” Emma said. We started to kiss, hands exploring each other's body that we pressed against the other. I... I can't help it. I WANT her. I NEED her. I don't think I've ever been so horny in my life! The lightning storm going off in my body felt like nothing else, my crotch more then a little damp from the rain and thunder of our moans.

“Great Scott!” We heard a male voice and froze. I looked over Emma's shoulder, seeing her father closing our sliding door. This... this is why that was stupid... “Olivia! Your daughter's kissing that other girl!” He rushed off to find his wife. You know, I would have been more ok with him seeing us wet ourselves. As weird as that sounds... Emma let go of me, stepped away, looked aside while gritting her teeth, and held her clasp hands to her chest. No point in reminding her of our mistake. I stared out, not looking at anything. Waiting. Ready for the bullshit. I'm sure that she is too. Emma grabbed my hand, locking out fingers together. I gasped. She put her ring back on. I guess there's no use hiding it anymore. Her parents approached us. I looked away.

“Mother, father, I don't want to hear anything negative about us. This is my wife, and we're in love.” Emma asserted. I feel so twisted. I like hearing that, but maybe not the best thing to say right now... that only makes bigots angrier.

“Love is love, dear. But I've never seen you date a woman before. I'm a tad confused.” Arthur said.

“Hmph. What did you think I was going to say! I'm only wondering why you neglected to tell us about this. I'm your mother. I think that I deserve to know.” Olivia said. ...Ok. That's... well, it's not good, but at least she doesn't seem to be a bigot. Just a bitch. Better then a bitchy bigot.

“I... I didn't know how'd you take it... it's true that I've only dated men before... but I've always been bisexual. I never had a chance to date women until I met Willow.” Emma said.

“As long as your happy with her, that's what matters to us.” Arthur said.

“...Thank you.” Emma smiled. I gave Emma a surprise hug, arms around her back. She returned the gesture, and we leaned our heads towards each other.

“Aw, isn't that sweet? What was that bit about calling your wife pathetic and naughty?” Arthur said. Emma's mouth dropped, a redness spreading on her face. “Oh, I see. Just like your mother!” He said proud. A wide, toothy grin formed on his face. Oh, THAT'S what he sees in her. He LIKES the bitchy. All the time though? I took this as an opportunity to be a great wife.

“Yeah, she really likes being my mommy and giving my spankings.” I said. I closed my eyes and giggled, a redness spreading on my own face, but effecting me less, since I started it.

“Just like your mother!” Arthur beamed wide.

“Willow!” Emma closed her eyes, her face now the same shade as a tomato. She covered her face with her hands.

“Hey, what are wife's are for!” I giggled to myself.

“I suppose we should leave now. Let you finish what you were doing. We'll fly back home.” Olivia said. ...Yeah, the mood's pretty much ruined. But... thanks for getting the fuck out of our house!

“Take care of my daughter for me!” Arthur said.

“Of course.” I smiled. “I love her very much.”

“Take care of your wife, dear.” Arthur said.

“I intend to.” Emma said. Her parents left the building.

Sometime during the late night, I woke up, wearing my black with pink lace nightgown. I heard my wife's voice. Toilet can wait. I'm nosy. She's in one of our unused rooms, the door cracked, lights off.

“Mother, I know that. Yes. Yes. I like it in the states. Narcissistic orange oomph-loompah, yes that's appropriate.” I heard her sigh. Talking to her mother this late? “No, mother. I never told her. I... I don't know. Safer?” ...What didn't see tell me? “It's not that... I need to trust her fully first.” ...She doesn't trust me? We married! How do you not trust me yet? “Yes. Ok, I... I know. Goodbye, mother. I should get back to bed before Willow notices.” That's my cue to rush off to the toilet. I sat on the toilet for a while after I finished. ...What the hell is she keeping from me. And why? What was that display for earlier? Did it mean nothing? ...If she doesn't trust me, it must be my fault. ...I'm not good enough for her. It's only a matter of time before she figures that out... Is this my punishment for being nosy? No. It's my punishment for being a lousy wife.

