Winnie, The Least Lucky Girl Ever

Author: soo-pis-sed

*000*2022-12-09 22:20

So I decided to write some short stories from the Peecember prompts. I won't be writing every day, but I'll combine two (or maybe more) prompts in every story. Also, all stories will be about the same character - a girl who always finds herself in unfortunate situations.

It's already December 10th where I live, so I'll upload the first one soon:

10. blocked path to the bathroom + 11. weird / unusual position

*001*2022-12-09 22:29

"I'm going out with friends," Winnie's mother said, "probably will be home in 5 or 6 hours. Don't forget to clean Garlic's litterbox."

"Mom, stop it, I'm an adult," Winnie replied lazily, "I can manage my responsibilities as a cat owner."

"Okay, okay. Don't party too much while I'm away."

"I'll call a hundred people and we'll totally destroy the flat. Bye mom, have fun!"

Mom left, and Winnie, sighing, went to the balcony. She was in a great need of a pee, but had a habit of delaying a visit to the bathroom until she crosses out every item on her to-do list. Well, first things first; she had to clean her cat's litterbox, so she would clean it, and then get her sweet, deserved relief.

Garlic preferred to spend most of his time on the balcony, so Winnie kept his litterbox there. The door to the balcony from the living room couldn't be left open the whole time. But it was warm enough to always keep a small window in Winnie's room open, and that window was facing the same balcony, so Garlic could get there whenever he pleased.

So, Winnie went there, a bit clumsily from the heaviness of her full bladder, and mindlessly closed the door behind herself. "Okay, let's do it extra quickly," she whispered to herself, "I need a wee really bad."

She took a small bag and a scoop, squatted near the litterbox and started digging the clay litter for the pieces of Garlic's poop and clumped piss. Her position made her urge even stronger; at some moments it took all her willpower to maintain control over her bladder.

Finally, she was done. She rushed to the balcony door, and haphazardly grabbed the handle...

...which remained in her hand.

"Don't panic," Winnie ordered herself. She tried to put the handle back, but it couldn't be fixed that easily. Apparently she jerked it a bit too hard in a hurry, and broke it irreparably. Of course the door could still be opened... but only from outside.

Winnie knew she had to calm down and review her options, but couldn't think straight. She was so full of piss that it seemed to press on her brain.

First of all, how desperate she actually was? Could she wait for her mother to return? Winnie started recalling everything she drank today, and the results were upsetting. Three large cups of tea, maybe four - could it be four?.. Anyway, even three cups of tea is already more than a liter... And who knows how much more water. Maybe half a liter, maybe more. She preferred to stay hydrated.

So, there was absolutely no chance she would be able to hold for 5 hours more. Honestly, she wasn't sure she had another 5 minutes.

She could call her mom and beg her to come back immediately. It wouldn't be very nice of Winnie to ruin one of her mother's rare evenings with friends, but it was a force majeure, mom would understand. The only problem was that Winnie's phone was inside, charging.

She hopelessly looked at the window leading into her room. Its bigger part was locked and could only be opened from inside. The smaller window... enough for a cat, yes, but she wasn't a cat - she was a busty young woman. Still... her frantic need to get out forced her to try. Anyway, she didn't need to push her whole body through it - she only needed to reach the handle of the bigger window and open it. Very carefully, Winnie knelt on the window sill and shoved her arm through the small window, but couldn't reach the handle. She poked her head through, too, then the other arm and the upper part of her body. 

The handle, which was at the lowest part of the window, remained out of her reach. She shoved forth, squeezing her soft boobs through. There was just a little bit left until she could grab the handle. Normally it would be easy; once she worked her largest body parts' way through the window, everything else shouldn't be a problem. Unfortunately, at the moment her bladder bulge was even larger than her breast... Huge and hard as a rock, it prevented her from moving forward; trying to squeeze it was out of the question. Winnie had to retreat.

Now she knew that her problem had to be solved right then and there - on the balcony. There was no way to get inside, and she couldn't wait. But what exactly could she do?

Suddenly Garlic, her cat, leaped down from the window and headed to his litterbox.

"Hmm..." Winnie thought, "Can it be a solution? I'd never imagine myself peeing into a litterbox..."

But now, not only could she imagine it - she desired it, she longed for it like for nothing else in the world.

"Garlic, sweetie," she whispered, "please be quick, your mommy needs it too."

Garlic gave her a weird look, but didn't reply. He took his time in the box, at first digging it for a solid minute, then taking a good, heavily smelling shit. Then Winnie lost her patience and chased him away, scooping his poop instead of letting him bury it. It was her turn to relieve herself.

Now she only had to decide HOW exactly she would do it. It was extremely hard for her to collect her thoughts, but she needed just one last intellectual effort to figure it out. She didn't want to be seen from outside, but only the lower part of the glass-sided balcony wasn't transparent. So she had to bend as much as possible. Also, she knew she wouldn't be able to control her stream once she finally starts peeing, so squatting in front of the litterbox wouldn't work. Sitting on it wasn't a perfect decision either, its plastic looked quite thin and easily breakable. Winnie huffed and grimaced at the only solution she came up with, but had no time left to overthink it.

She sat on the floor and took off her leggings and panties. She knelt and put the litterbox between her legs. She crouched as low as she could. And only then, FINALLY, she relaxed her sore bladder muscles and let everything out. Her face was red from embarrassment, although there was no one around to witness the miserable finale of this incident, which she stupidly inflicted on herself. Winnie was breathing heavily, both from stress and from the incredible pleasure of her relief. Clay was slowly absorbing the enormous puddle she kept making for a good couple of minutes.

Finally, her stream stopped. Winnie inspected the results. The litter was soaked all the way through, turning into concrete right before her eyes. Well... that will be hard to scrape when it solidifies.

"What a waste," Winnie thought disappointedly, "this thing isn't cheap, by the way."

