Seoli's Misadventures (SIDE B: Fantasy)

Author: Ruromo

*000*2023-05-27 06:06

The D&D-inspired second side to my Seoli character's stories.

The Side A modern day stories can be found here

PART 1: Wet Waiting Waitress

It was a busy afternoon at the Kitsune Tale. Every seat in the humble tavern was taken, nearly half the town was there, and a cacophony of chattering and mugs being slammed on tables filled the air. A group of adventurers had recently come to town and today they had slain a troublesome troll that had been assailing defenseless merchants on the road. With their reward money, the group had offered drinks to the entire town.

Leaning against the bar was a pink-haired fox-like girl watching the commotion in annoyance. She would not be partaking in the revelry. Her beige uniform dress and apron marked her as a waitress; her job was to get these drunken fools their booze. The girl impatiently drummed her fingers across the surface of the bar and whipped her fluffy fox-like tail back and forth.

Ordinarily, she would be glad to serve these rabble-rousers their ale and wine, but she had been on the clock for nearly eight hours already and the crowd was still showing no signs of thinning. Eight hours of standing and walking, carrying steins of alcohol to and from tables, and all without a break. Listening to every dumb joke and story slurred out of the drunkards’ mouths, having to deal with drunken flirting, and she swore one of the halflings had tried to get a peek up her skirt.

“Oi! ‘Scuse me, miss!” a gruff voice called from back of the room, “Can we get another round o’ ale?”

The girl followed the voice to a black-bearded dwarf raising his empty mug into the air. Sighing and nodding to the man, she spun around the bar counter and began filling pristine mugs with golden ale from one of the many aged barrels lining the back of the bar. The girl winced at the sight, her tail bristling slightly. Eight hours of no breaks. Her legs were aching, her ears were ringing, and most importantly, her bladder was throbbing.

She carried the tankards to the far table, trying her hardest to not let her need show. The girl noticed the dwarf was dressed in casual town clothing; he was one of the town’s blacksmiths. The dwarf raised his arms in celebration as she approached.

“Aaaaye! Thanks a lot there, miss… er, what was yer name again?”

“Seoli,” the girl responded, forcing a smile. Setting the mugs down on the table, she crossed her arms and shifted her weight.

“Right, right, I r’member now. Thanks a ton, miss Seoli.”

Seoli silently nodded and returned to her leaning position on the bar. Gazing out into the masses, she noticed one table’s members… drunkenly singing, and dancing as much as they could in their seats, raising their glasses into the air and waving them rhythmically. The motion caused beer to spill slightly from the lip of the glasses, the golden liquid spattering onto the table and floor. Seoli hissed to herself as she hobbled behind the bar once more. It would obscure her lower body as she crossed her legs, bouncing her heel impatiently.

She gritted her teeth and hoped no one else would order more drinks for a while. She grasped the front of her skirt and rubbed her legs against one another.

“Seoli!” she heard a feminine voice behind her.

Startled, Seoli turned around and found herself face-to-face with an older white-haired woman – a kitsune like herself. Her mother, Taepung. She was carrying a stack of freshly-washed ale mugs.

“Yes, mother?” Seoli tried to speak sweetly, but her voice wavered.

“I need to put these mugs back, stand aside a moment.”

Seoli took a step back. As her mother reached up to restock the mug cupboard, Seoli stammered, “M-mother. Would you mind if I, er, took a small break?”

She gave a nervous smile.

Taepung gave an exasperated sigh, “I would love to, but we’re understaffed still. Your sister’s not back from her guard shift yet.”

“B-but mother, you don’t understand. I-I have an… um… need of the privy,” Seoli flashed a desperate smile as she fidgeted a bit in discomfort and pressed her hands into her groin.

Taepung placed a hand on her daughter’s shoulder with a look of sympathy on her face, “I’m sorry, Seoli. Until your sister gets back, you’re going to have to hold it.”

“B-but what if I can’t?!” Seoli cried as a slight feeling of dread overcame her.

“You’re an adult now, Seoli,” her mother teased, patting her on the head and rustling her hair, “I have complete confidence in your abilities.”

Seoli gritted her teeth and narrowed her eyes as Taepung swiftly entered the kitchen.

‘I wish my bladder was as strong as you think it is, mother...’

Her sister, Iseul, worked as a guard of the city, though Seoli believed she was using that as an excuse to not have to do any actual work. Especially since it always seemed like she took her sweet time returning home after her shift.

Regardless of her feelings of the situation, she could not disobey her mother. Taepung was quite strict regarding discipline, and as a former adventurer herself, had quite the intimidating aura she’d use to keep Iseul and herself in-line.

Thus, she would just have to grin and bear it.

Another uncomfortable hour of work passed, with patrons neither leaving, nor her sister’s return. Seoli found herself behind the bar once more, crossing her legs and cupping her stomach with her hand while she tried with great difficulty to mask her increasingly urgent need. She couldn’t help but give a half-whimper, half-groan.

Thankfully, Iseul entered the tavern in short order.

‘Finally.’

“Hey, sis! You’re finally back!” Seoli feigned joy through her teeth. She walked up to the her maroon-haired sister, still clad in her guard armor and attire, and hastily shoved a serving tray into her hands, “Nowthatyou’rebackI’mgonnatakeabreakyoucanhandlethisforabitright? THANKS!”

“Hey, wait a minute!” Seoli heard her sister call out, but she ignored it as she scurried off to the inn’s restroom, weaving between tables and patrons as she did so.

A wall obscured the entrance to the privy, and the moment it was between Seoli and the rest of the inn, she shoved her hands tightly into her skirt and rapidly shifted her weight, bouncing slightly as she did so. She normally wouldn’t act so childishly (in public, at least), but her overfull bladder demanded her full attention.

To her dismay, she found a line outside of the privy. In truth, not too long of a line, but Seoli’s waters yearned for sweet release immediately. As she entered the line, she saw the person ahead of her, a rather muscular orc woman, turn to look at her for a moment before returning her gaze toward the door.

Seoli whimpered, squeaked, hissed, and moaned all throughout the agonizing few minutes in line as she struggled to keep her garments dry.

“Ey, kid,” the orc called out to her, “yer not lookin’ too good there. Y’wanna cut ahead o’ me?”

Seoli couldn’t vocalize an answer, instead nodding vigorously to the woman and sniffling.

She slowly shuffled to take the woman’s place at the front of the line. The thought of relief being just a few steps away..

Drip.

She tensed up as she felt a bit of liquid escape her bladder, an unpleasant feeling of warm wetness in her undergarments. Seoli clench her muscles in a desperate attempt to stop the flow.

Though successful, she could feel her entire body shaking from the effort of holding back the flood contained within her belly.

Click.

Seoli heard the sound of the doorknob being turned, the wooden door itself creaking open and the footsteps of the previous occupant growing quieter as they walked away.

She took a couple of agonizing steps forward, her overfull bladder sloshing with each footfall. Lifting her head to better see where she was walking, Seoli was in the doorway when she caught sight of the magicked not-chamberpot that had been installed in the inn’s privy. A ‘toilet’, her parents had called it. But now was not the time to contemplate naming conventions.

Drip. Drip.

Seoli gasped as a couple more spurts of liquid splashed into her underwear. She attempted to quicken her pace, but found herself unable to move. If she were to take another step, she would definitely have an accident.

‘It’s right there, Seoli, come on!’ she internally screamed at herself, ‘you’re an adult now! You can’t wet yourself like a kit!’

Gritting her teeth, Seoli tried to gather the strength to take another step forward. She felt her leg move. Yes, come on... Almost there...

But instead of taking a step forward, she felt her leg weaken. Trembling as she attempted to force it forward. Instead, Seoli fell to her knees in the doorway, with a half scream-half groan exiting her lips.

“Uh, ye okay there, kid?” she could just barely hear the orc woman ask.

But again, Seoli could not respond, instead emitting a short, high-pitched whine.

Drip. Drip. Drip.

A few more drops of liquid stained her undergarments. They would not be the last. With the toilet in view, Seoli’s bladder could wait no longer. The droplets turned into a trickle, which in turn became a stream. She could only hang her head in shame as the sound of urine splashing on a wooden floor grew louder and louder.

Her waitress skirt managed to hide the puddle from view for a few moments before it grew large enough to spread out from under it, soaking the hem in the process. It felt like an eternity before the flow stemmed, the liquid on the floor coming to a still.

Tears welled up in her eyes, cascading down her face and dripping into the puddle she’d just created. Her fox-like ears flattened against her head as she buried her face in her hands.

A sniffling gasp, followed by faint weeping.

Between the ecstasy of unleashing a full bladder and the shame of having done so into her clothes – just outside the privy no less – the overwhelming emotion caused her to pass out.

