Treating the Brain

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2018-10-14 05:16

I've been wanting to get a longer story out for awhile. My goal is to post a chapter a week (I'm thinking 5), but no promises. Hope you like it!

###

“Knight to E5.”

Andre smirked. “Playing right into my hands, I see. That’s exactly the move I thought you’d make. Your genius is no match for my devious plans!”

Only a very perceptive person would have noticed the tiniest of quirks in the corner of Braeden’s mouth. Andre was not such a person, but he was also unfazed by the seeming lack of reaction from the man sitting across from him.

Not much fazed Andre to begin with; he’d been a nurse for over 15 years, so he’d worked with all manner of patients. Braeden may be the richest of these patients, but ultimately, he was still a patient. And when patients came to the Royal Marsden Hospital, they came for one reason – to get the best cancer care in the world.

Specifically, Braeden had come for the services of Dr. Graham Black, Marsden’s resident neuro-oncologist. Dr. Black wasn’t just a brain surgeon – he was a tumor-extracting genius. He only removed brain tumors anymore, and he was very good at his job. So when Silicon Valley’s latest boy genius had been diagnosed with a fairly aggressive medulloblastoma, Dr. Black knew he would almost certainly get a call.

Any brain tumor is sad. A brain tumor in a certified genius is tragic. A brain tumor in a tech genius who was commonly referred to as “the Brain”?

…that was just wildly on the nose.

Braeden Holt was a reasonably stereotypical tech genius – skipped a grade or two, early admittance to MIT, started his own company with his best friend from college. Said best friend was Dean Pinkerton, and business media had quickly seized on “Pinkerton” and “Braeden” to make the short leap to “Pinky and the Brain.”

Dean, as the forward-facing partner, had leaned into the nickname. Braeden, for his part, didn’t mind too much. He didn’t pay much attention to the media, and it’s not like the moniker was an insult.

Braeden was really just there for the work. He was a true genius, focused and full of ideas. Within two years after graduating from MIT, Braeden had built the biggest accessible technology company in the United States. Now, at age 27, he oversaw an entire AT conglomerate, working with companies from IMB to GE to ensure their products included designs that could be used by people with nearly any manner of disability. Speech-to-text programs were no longer clunky and confused; they were easily personalized, with hundreds of modules depending on accent and jargon. In the reverse, text-to-speech programs no longer produced voices straight out of 80s sci-fi movies. It seemed like there was no usability issue that Braeden couldn’t solve, coming up with ideas that stunned engineers and techs would work hard to bring to fruition.

In addition to his inclusion-minded company, Braeden was generally known as a good boss. If Aaron Sorkin ever made a movie about him, he wouldn’t be portrayed as a dick. He certainly wasn’t effusive – on the contrary, Braeden was introverted and quiet – but he was gentle and understanding. He didn’t play games, he was generous in his compensation packages, and JamTech was known around the industry as a highly desirable place to work.

It had been a fairly smooth five years for Braeden, especially considering the likelihood of tech start-ups to flame out. He worked hard, but he loved his work. He kept a regular schedule, uninhibited by much socialization (and exactly no romantic activities), so when he’d started feeling sluggish and clumsy a few weeks ago, he hadn’t hesitated in consulting his doctor.

MRI’s were ordered and quickly examined, revealing a 4-centimeter tumor on his cerebellum, affecting his balance, coordination, and overall movement. The tumor was still small, but medulloblastomas were a danger to spread through the cerebrospinal fluid, endangering other parts of the brain.

Calls were made, specialists contacted, and within a week, Braeden was on a flight to London, with a specialized course of treatment being prepared for him by Dr. Black and the team at Marsden. They would start with a series of radiation sessions, aimed at keeping the tumor from growing, while Dr. Black prepared a surgical plan.

The tumor was oddly-shaped, Dr. Black had explained, with small, tendril-like protrusions creeping into the fissures of the cerebellum. The symptoms were unpredictable; other than the general decrease in coordination, they couldn’t predict exactly how Braeden’s body would be affected. Any brain surgery required significant recovery time, but due to the uncertainty of Braeden’s prognosis, Dr. Black had assembled a comprehensive team of neurologists, nurses, and occupational and physical therapists to help support his rehabilitation.

Obviously, Braeden could afford the very best, and that’s what the center provided for him. Accustomed to caring for wealthy and influential patients and their families, the professionals in London knew the drill – a carefully curated team of specialists were assigned to Braeden’s case. They were paid extremely well, but the work was consistent, shifts arranged so that Braeden was familiar with his entire team. No strangers would set foot in his top-floor suite of rooms.

Andre was one such specialist. He was experienced enough not to be overwhelmed by Braeden’s money and fame, and he was physically strong enough to support Braeden as the young man increasingly struggled with everyday tasks.

Part of Andre’s job, as was the understood responsibility of all the nurses, was to keep Braeden company. An only child and an orphan, Braeden had come to London alone, leaving his best friend and business partner to run the company back in California.

At first, the idea of such a setup had seemed sad to Andre – who goes through treatment for brain cancer alone? Surely he had other friends, more distant family?

But Braeden didn’t seem fazed. He was quiet but alert, not much for conversation, but kind and grateful to all his caretakers. Andre never asked outright, but Braeden seemed to be bearing his diagnosis quite stoically. Between meetings with Dr. Black and therapeutic exercises, Braeden read, slept, and kept up with JamTech through regular phone calls with Dean. Between these calls, he’d keep up his work, using one of his own recording devices to notate ideas as he thought through solutions to company challenges.

Despite the increasing challenges of keeping his body moving the way he wanted it to, Braeden’s cognition was utterly untouched. If anyone had bothered to ask him, he would have said that he was grateful that the tumor wasn’t impacting the part of his brain that he actually relied on.

So, with a stable and undemanding patient, Andre just kept doing his job. He had the early morning shift with Braeden, supporting the patient through physical therapy exercises, monitoring his stats, and keeping up an ongoing going game of chess. Recently, Braeden had struggled to move the pieces smoothly, without knocking over other pieces on the board, so he’d taken to calling out moves for Andre to complete.

Today, the weather was nice enough that they’d moved the game out to the private balcony off of Braeden’s room. The lawn set was simple, but comfortable enough for an hour or so of chess.

“So Dr. Black still hasn’t set a date for the surgery?” Andre asked. Braeden wasn’t one for small talk, but Andre and the other nurses would occasionally ask him about his treatment, just to try to keep tabs on how Braeden’s mental and emotional state was holding up.

Braeden shook his head slightly in response. “I’m scheduled for another MRI tomorrow so he can check the margins. If nothing has changed too drastically, he’ll finalize the surgical plan then.”

Nodding, Andre made his move. He hadn’t won a game against Braeden yet and knew that he probably never would, but he was accomplished enough to keep the matches lasting awhile.

“And have you found a place for rehab yet?”

Braeden would stay in the hospital for several weeks after surgery, but then, since nobody really likes staying in hospitals (even in the fancy suites), Braeden had decided that he would rent a place nearby while he continued his rehabilitation, until it was decided that he was well enough to fly back to the US.

To Andre’s surprise, Braeden responded in the affirmative. “Out by Regent’s Park.”

Andre nodded in approval. “Could be nice and quiet, not far from here. Good choice. What’s the layout like?”

“It’s three stories,” Braeden explained, contemplating the chessboard. “I’ll have the first floor properly arranged, but I’m hoping that by the time I move in, I’ll have the capability to use all three floors.”

Andre grinned. Braeden didn’t often exhibit what one might call “personality,” but through small examples like the previous statement, Andre had learned that the man was, despite his generally quiet demeanor, extraordinarily confident. It wasn’t that Braeden didn’t understand the severity of his illness; on the contrary, Braeden was incredibly well-educated and probably knew more about neurology in general and his tumor specifically than any patient Andre had every worked with.

But Braeden was also possibly the hardest worker Andre had ever cared for. From moment one, he’d devoted himself thoroughly to his therapy, working to maintain as much strength and coordination as he could before the surgery so he wouldn’t have as far to climb back after. Andre had no doubt that Braeden would be able to use all three floors of his surely expensive rental home.

“Well, you know how much I like working with you, man, but I’ll be happy when they let you move into that new place,” Andre said sincerely.

Almost smiling for real, Braeden stared at the board. “Bishop to F4,” he ordered, quietly but decisively.

Making the requested move, Andre pored over the new configuration. “I can’t see it yet, but I get the feeling that was a power move from you,” he teased. “How many moves until you win?”

Braeden tilted his head to the side, unbothered by the implied compliment. He liked Andre, partially because the nurse didn’t seem to want any false humility.

“Eight moves, at best,” he assessed. “Maybe eleven if you-“

Andre had been looking at the chessboard, but he immediately glanced up when Braeden stopped talking abruptly.

The young man was sitting stock still, his head still askew. His eyebrows were drawn together into a look of utter confusion.

“Braeden?” Andre kept his voice level, but he was already poised on the edge of his chair. He scanned his patient, silently taking in any potential symptoms.

Braeden didn’t respond, but he slowly lowered his gaze to his lap. He apparently didn’t see anything that comforted him, because the look of confusion didn’t dissipate.

“Braeden…” Other than silence – which wasn’t uncharacteristic – Braeden wasn’t exhibiting any overt symptoms. His breathing appeared normal, his pupils seemed responsive, and he wasn’t slouched or giving any other indications of a stroke, but Andre was ready to sprint into the room and hit the call button.

“I-“ Braeden blinked. “I apologize,” he murmured.

Andre let out a breath. “For what, man?”

“I-“ Braeden gripped the arms of the chair. Even this slight movement was the most unnerved Andre had even seen him.

“I apologize,” Braeden repeated. He straightened his shoulders, but couldn’t bring himself to meet Andre’s eyes. “I’m afraid I have to ask to cut our game short.”

“That’s fine,” Andre assured the younger man, not a little confused himself. “Whatever you need.”

The faintest flush tinted Braeden’s cheeks. “I need to go back inside,” he replied, leaning forward in his chair as if to stand.

Andre was already on his feet, moving to support his charge.

“I need to change,” Braeden continued, his voice still soft. “I…I’ve had an accident.”

The final sentence was uttered just as Andre rounded the table to see the explanatory wetness across the front of Braeden’s pants.

Years of training and experience kept Andre from showing any sort of shock. He’d seen much worse, of course – a little wetting accident was no big deal, even if it was completely unprecedented.

“No problem, man,” Andre said easily, helping Braeden to his feet. “We’ll get you cleaned up in no time.”

“Thank you, Andre.” Braeden’s voice was nearly a whisper, but he was clearly doing his best to support himself as much as possible, even though his steps were jerky and uneven.

Andre guided Braeden into the bathroom to help him clean up. Understandably, Braeden still preferred to do as much of his self-care himself as possible, but he understood the requirement for supervision.

The clean-up process was slow and careful, but silent. Andre knew better than to insist on discussion from Braeden in most cases, particularly as he was helping clean urine from the CEO’s thighs.

After Braeden was clean and dry and settled into his bed, Andre finally broached the necessary subject.

“I’m sure you don’t want to talk about it,” Andre began, pulling up the tablet with Braeden’s records, “but I’ve got to ask. What happened? Did you have to use the toilet?”

Braeden drew in a deep breath. He curled his fingers briefly around the sheets, but then sat up and raised his head.

“No,” he replied, simply but clearly.

Andre nodded, typing in notes. “Did you feel anything at all? Any pain or sharpness?”

“No,” Braeden repeated. He paused. “I didn’t feel anything until I felt wetness in my lap.”

Andre finished his notes, then looked up, fixing Braeden with a well-practiced professional advice stare. “I don’t want to alarm you, Braeden, but given the positioning of your tumor, I think we need to look into this. I’m going to recommend moving your MRI up to today.”

“Of course,” Braeden nodded, his voice taking on a formal quality. “Do you need any more information from me?”

Scanning over his notes, Andre pressed his lips together. “I’m going to read the description of the event. Correct anything that I missed, but if it matches your experience, then I don’t need any more from you.”

Braeden just stared, but didn’t argue, so Andre proceeded.

“Patient was seated outside at approximately 10:15 AM. Patient experienced a complete loss of bladder control with no feelings of urgency and no pain. Patient’s bladder voided entirely –“ Andre glanced at Braeden, who nodded in confirmation. “- representing a roughly average amount of urine.”

Braeden nodded once, his face blank. Andre tapped a few buttons to submit the notes on the tablet, then looked up.

“We should have the MRI scheduled within the hour. Dr. Black should already be in today, so he’ll be able to examine the images right away, and we’ll see what we need to do from there.”

“Yes,” Braeden agreed. “Thank you, Andre.”

Andre smiled encouragingly. “I’m going to go speak to the charge nurse to make sure everyone is on the same page. Just press the call button if you need anything.”

Braeden nodded, reaching for his computer, already preparing to move on and catch up on work.

“Don’t worry, man,” Andre assured him as he headed out the door. “You’re in good hands. We’re gonna make sure everything works out.”

Braeden hummed, not looking up from his screen. Andre just shook his head ruefully as he shut the door behind him. He’d never met a more even-keeled patient.

*005*2018-10-20 20:49

{{On 10/14/2018 at 1:35 AM, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this so far

}}

Thank you!

{{On 10/14/2018 at 9:03 AM, Pilly Christal said:

I love this! You always write things that make their ways to my heart. I hope that Braeden will be okey... I was amazed by the details you have written here. The tech part and the medical part of the description were equally interesting.

I'll wait for the next chapters!

}}

Thanks, Pilly! I always tell myself that I'm not gonna spend *too* much time doing research for short omo stories, but then I can't stand to knowingly write inaccurate facts, so here I am, looking through medical journals

{{On 10/15/2018 at 1:25 AM, JT Bull said:

I am: impressed

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you like it!

{{On 10/15/2018 at 4:57 PM, AliasnameTO said:

Are you sure you wouldn't rather put all that effort toward a normal novel or short story? I mean, it's a tremendous bit of (very high quality) exposition for us to get a rise out of Braeden's situation. If you shared a non-omo fic, you can count me in for reading it.

That said, I'm fascinated here too. A high-powered tech maven probably isn't used to much being out of his control.

}}

Eh, "normal" works are too demanding. This definitely isn't going to be traditional omo (see response below), but you, inadvertently or otherwise, absolutely nailed the premise - a meditation, if you will, on complete loss of control. Not just losing bladder control after fighting for it, but not having any to begin with.

{{On 10/15/2018 at 5:00 PM, Lion1423 said:

I agree, it's a good idea for a story. I'm just not sure if it's the best one for omo related means.

}}

You're not wrong! This isn't going to have many of the traditional elements of omo, particularly desperation (at least not for awhile), so I totally understand if it's not your thing! My writing (and anyone's writing, for that matter) isn't everyone's cup of tea!

*006*2018-10-21 05:55

True to his word, Andre had Braeden delivered down to the MRI machine in under an hour. He’d taken the patient to the restroom first, however, to no argument from Braeden. Just in case.

Even adults tended to get nervous inside the noisy, cylindrical imager, but Braeden lay perfectly still as the coil whirred and clicked.

“So he lost complete bladder control?” Bex asked.

Andre shrugged. “It sounds like it, but I’m not sure that’s exactly how I’d characterize what happened. He may have just been distracted or too focused.”

Bex pursed her lips. Dr. Rebecca Marshall was Dr. Black’s second-in-command on the case, so she was present for all of the imaging sessions. Unlike Dr. Black, however, she didn’t have a singular focus on brain tumors. Yes, she was a skilled neurosurgeon in her own right, but Bex had never lost the world-saving drive she’d entered med school with. As part of a younger generation of medical professionals, Bex valued the importance of the whole patient, not just the pathologized organ.

Coming from that perspective, Bex was looking at Braeden’s latest symptom not only for its likely cerebellar cause, but for its implications on the man’s overall well-being.

Andre, on the other hand, was just marveling at Braeden’s utter lack of movement on the other side of the transparent barrier.

“He’s just a statue,” Andre marveled. “I’ve never seen a more consistently chill patient.”

“You say chill…” Bex drew out the last word, leaving the “I say to-mah-to” clause implied.

Andre turned, skeptical. “Come on, Dr. Marshall. He’s knowledgeable and he follows all our orders. You can’t tell me you’d prefer the WebMD-quoting self-diagnosticians or entitled bums who don’t do anything we ask and then complain that they’re not getting any better?”

“Don’t exaggerate, Andre,” Bex scoffed. “You know that’s not what I’m saying.”

She turned to stare at the motionless young genius laying on the MRI table. “Think about it – this is a young guy, on top of the tech world, and not only does he get a tumor, he gets a tumor in the organ he values most. It’s gotta be scary for him.”

“Yeah,” Andre agreed, “but we’ve got it pretty well under control. He’s doing great in therapy, he’s got the best neurosurgeon in the world, and his prognosis for survival is excellent. Everything’s progressing well.”

Bex fixed the nurse with a look, wordlessly urging him to the next logical thought.

“…until this morning,” Andre said after a pause. “But we don’t know if that’s anything, yet! It could be nothing. It was just an accident.”

“Exactly,” Bex said softly. “As much as he can learn about medulloblastomas or physical therapy, but suddenly realizing that you might be at risk for losing bladder control at age 27? That’s not something that a high IQ is gonna help you cope with.”

“Eh.” Andre still wasn’t ready to accept Dr. Marshall’s reasoning. “I think this guy can handle it. He’s been super chill so far. I think he’s gonna take this in stride.”

Bex just hummed and turned back to the screen.

###

Nearly two hours later, Dr. Marshall and Dr. Black entered Braeden’s suite. Andre set down his notes at the table and moved over to the bed. Braeden, who was settled under a blanket, closed his laptop and looked up at his doctors.

“Good afternoon, Braeden.” Dr. Black smiled. Braeden liked the renowned surgeon – he was efficient and impersonal, much like Braeden himself preferred to be.

Braeden dipped his head in greeting, not wanting to waste any more time with niceties.

“As you can see,” Dr. Black began as Dr. Marshall held out her tablet with an image from the MRI, “although the tumor has decreased in size overall as a result of the radiation therapy, a portion of the tumor has grown slightly, impinging on the ventromedial cerebellum.”

Braeden nodded, focused intently on the image of his brain.

“The exact mechanisms aren’t well known, but the ventromedial cerebellum has been identified as an area of importance in individuals with overactive bladder. It’s hypothesized that, like other functions of the cerebellum, the impact of the ventromedial area on the bladder is one of coordination – keeping voluntary bodily actions smooth and connected.”

Dr. Black inhaled. He didn’t like uncertainty, but he’d never dealt with this particular configuration of tumor placement and related symptoms before. Now, it was his job to make sure his patient was as informed as possible.

“Based on the particular growth of your tumor and the symptoms this morning –“ Andre glanced at Braeden as Dr. Black clinically referred to the patient’s accident, but the inventor’s face didn’t betray any emotion whatsoever. “-it appears that the tumor might be contributing to situational bouts of incontinence. If your brain is focused on other things, such as strong emotions, unfamiliar sensory input, or even run of the mill concentration, your cerebellum may not be able to coordinate multitasking, as it were, resulting in the voiding of urine.”

Braeden took a shallow breath, sitting back a bit against his pillows. “I understand this is uncommon,” he equivocated, “but do you have any sense of how permanent these symptoms may be?”

Ever professional, Dr. Black refrained from either nodding or shaking his head. “Here’s what’s going to happen. We’re going to schedule the surgery for tomorrow. Dr. Marshall and I had already pretty much finalized our plan, and these new scans don’t alter it substantially. They do, however, emphasize the importance of timing. Because we don’t know whether or not pressure on the ventromedial cerebellum could cause permanent damage, we want to remove the tumor and resulting pressure as soon as possible.”

A brief look flashed across Braeden’s face, too quick for Andre to recognize. By the time Andre blinked, Braeden had rearranged his face into its previous look of clinical disengagement.

“Due to these new considerations,” Dr. Marshall jumped in, “we’ve updated your treatment plan. Under normal circumstances, we’d leave you catheterized for several days post-surgery, until you were comfortable moving to the toilet or using a urinal on a regular basis.”

Andre kept his eyes on Braeden. The patient’s breathing was still a bit short, but otherwise, he seemed to be listening intently.

Dr. Marshall was still talking. “However, because we want to be able to monitor your healing as it relates to your bladder control, we will instead fit you with special protective garments – developed by your company, actually,” she added, a bit sheepishly.

The movement of Braeden’s mouth could only be deemed a smile under the most generous of definitions, but it was the most he could manage. Of course, he knew exactly the product that Dr. Marshall was referring to. Braeden knew all of his company’s products and collaborations, but the “digital diapers,” as his team had taken to calling them (over Braeden’s objections) were a one of the quirkier inventions he’d even developed.

The briefs – Dr. Marshall was explaining the function for the benefit of Andre, but Braeden was only half listening – had originally been developed for adults with severe intellectual disabilities who were not toilet trained. They came with an attachable wetness detector that connected to an external digital indicator that would notate the timing and volume of wetness. The technology was quickly adapted for babies as well as medical patients so that caregivers could not only keep track of kidney function, but also see instantly when an individual needed changed.

“Using the information from the garments,” Dr. Marshall went on, “we’ll be able to establish any patterns of urination. We’ll incorporate pelvic floor work into your therapy, and then, with your input, we’ll determine when it is safe to attempt use of the toilet again.”

Andre could all but see the gears turning in Braeden’s mind as he tried to take in this new addition to his treatment plan.

“If that all sounds acceptable to you, Mr. Holt,” Dr. Black was speaking once again, “we’ll go ahead and schedule the surgery.”

Braeden straightened his shoulders. “Of course. I’ll contact my partner to let him know that I will be unavailable for the next week. Dr. Black, Dr. Marshall, thank you both for your work.”

Dr. Black nodded curtly, and Dr. Marshall smiled, doing her best to keep overt concern off of her face. They went to complete and practice the surgical plan, leaving Braeden with Andre.

For several moments, Andre just gazed at his patient, thinking of Dr. Marshall’s claims earlier that morning. He thought of the implications of losing control over your bladder for a 27-year-old. He thought of Braeden’s incredible intelligence. He thought of Dr. Black’s description of the cerebellum’s “multitasking” – strong emotions, unfamiliar sensory input, even run-of-the-mill concentration.

Andre looked down at Braeden, who hadn’t moved to reopen his laptop.

“Braeden?” Andre’s voice was soft, but not patronizing.

Braeden lifted his inscrutable gaze to his nurse, a man who he’d only met recently, but who now was party to more personal information than virtually anyone else in Braeden’s life knew.

The young man didn’t speak, so Andre had to ask his question unprompted.

“Do you need to change?”

The pause before Braeden’s response confirmed Andre’s hunch, and the nurse was grateful he hadn’t falsely accused the young man of wetting himself again.

“Yes, please.”

Andre stepped next to the bed, reaching out to support Braeden as the patient peeled back the covers, revealing the pants clinging to his legs and the wet, crumpled patch of sheets under him on the bed.

It made sense, Andre thought as he guided Braeden to the bath. Perhaps Dr. Marshall had been correct in her belief that Braeden would struggle to handle this recent turn of events. Because that quick look on Braeden’s face when Dr. Black was explaining the uncertainty of the prognosis? The one that had led Andre to believe that he might be once again having an accident?

It was fear.

###

Andre arranged his schedule so he could be there to help take Braeden down to surgery the following morning. The surgery itself was scheduled to last hours, so Andre basically would have the rest of the day off, but, armed with his new belief that Dr. Marshall had been correct and Braeden’s emotional state needed a bit more monitoring, Andre wanted to make sure he was present before the young man was taken to the OR.

“How ya feelin’, Mr. Holt?” Andre asked with practiced cheerfulness. Regardless of the events of yesterday, Andre always made an effort to be upbeat for his patients on the day of surgery.

“Doing well, Andre, and yourself?” Braeden didn’t bother trying to smile, but his response was honest, not acerbic.

“Just looking forward to seeing you on the other side,” Andre replied, clapping Braeden on the shoulder.

Braeden still didn’t smile, but his eyes softened slightly. He really was quite fortunate to have such kind and comforting staff caring for him.

###

The surgery itself went fairly well. Dr. Black and Dr. Marshall were a well-practiced team, and their surgical plan was well-rehearsed. Dr. Black took extra care when extracting the area of the tumor embedded in the ventromedial cerebellum. The brain had much greater healing power than scientists previously thought, but Graham didn’t want to test Braeden’s biological resilience any more than strictly necessary.

Due to the size and placement of the tumor, the team expected Braeden to wake up within 24-48 hours. The team of nurses monitored his stats while he was unconscious, moving him periodically to prevent bedsores.

The following afternoon, the patterns on Braeden’s EEG monitor edged toward wakefulness. Dr. Marshall was called immediately, and it was she who was present when Braeden’s eyes dragged open.

“Braeden? Braeden, can you hear me?” Bex shone a light in Braeden’s eyes, testing his pupillary reflex and finding it responsive.

Braeden blinked, his recently-exposed brain unable to enact deliberate functions.

“Can you blink twice if can understand me?” Bex encouraged.

After a moment, Braeden managed two deliberate blinks, much to Bex’s pleasure.

“Very good!” she crowed. “That’s excellent, Braeden. I know it probably doesn’t feel like much of an accomplishment, but understanding and responding as soon as you wake up after surgery is a great sign. You’re going to keep resting now, but tomorrow morning, we’ll get you out of bed and moving.”

Dr. Marshall rose and gave some instructions to Jacinda, the nurse on shift, then smiled at Braeden on her way out the door.

Jacinda fluffed Braeden’s pillow. She wasn’t meant to raise the adjustable bed yet, but she wanted to try to make him as comfortable as possible. Braeden’s eyes darted back and forth, trying to take in as much information as possible.

“Don’t worry, love,” Jacinda soothed, adjusting the blankets. “I know it’s scary, not being able to move or talk, but just breathe. Take this time to relax. You’re going to get up tomorrow, and that’s not going to be any fun at all.”

Braeden closed his eyes, slowly taking in Jacinda’s words.

“But we’ve seen you, love,” the nurse continued, now smoothing back the sections of Braeden’s hair that hadn’t been shaved off. “You’re a damn hard worker, and you want to do what’s best. So you’ll get through the tough parts juuuuuust fine.”

Braeden didn’t have time to decide if he believed her before he drifted back to sleep.

###

Braeden awoke again the following morning to the natural light in the room and the sound of Andre bustling about.

“There he is!” the nurse grinned as if Braeden had just walked through the door a few minutes late to a casual meeting rather than opening his eyes for just the second time after major brain surgery.

Braeden made a small noise from the back of his throat – another promising sign.

“Ohhh, good to hear those vocal cords working, man,” Andre said, both teasing and ominous. “Because now that you’re awake, we have to get you up, and it’s going to be pretty rough.”

Modern protocol dictated that brain surgery patients get upright and move as soon as possible after surgery. The practice drastically reduced rehabilitation time, but it was exceedingly painful for the patients.

“Up we go,” Andre narrated as his raised the head of the bed. Even that move had Braeden pale, but the young man didn’t make a sound.

Andre looked on in admiration, but he knew what was coming. “Don’t be a hero, man. This is going to suck no matter what, and it’s just you and me here, so you scream as much as you want.”

Still unable to speak, Braeden shifted his gaze sideways to Andre to indicate his skepticism, but as soon as Andre guided his legs over the edge of the bed, every nerve in his body seemed to catch on fire.

“Keep going, man, keep going,” Andre chanted as he supported Braeden onto his feet.

A low, uncontrollable moan escaped Braeden’s mouth. Leaning heavily on Andre, his feet shuffled forward, jerky and uneven. Every movement was agony, and the pain in his head was so intense, he couldn’t think in complete sentences.

“Just a few more feet,” Andre encouraged, tilting his head toward the chair.

Braeden gave a very undignified whine as he lurched the last few feet and sank into the chair with Andre’s help. Sitting up was still miserable, but it was practically nirvana compared to walking.

“Well done, man!” Andre cheered, helping Braeden into a more stable seated position. “That was – oh.”

Andre looked down, and in a series of seconds, Braeden realized several things. First, that he was wearing a protective brief, which he’d known was going to happen. Second, that he was, at this very moment, wetting into that brief. And third, that Andre was looking at the digital indicator attached to his hip, meaning that Andre was fully aware that he was urinating.

“You did great, Braeden,” Andre reiterated, moving on from this latest piece of information. “The first walk is the hardest part. We’re gonna have you sit up for a bit, and then you can go back to bed. And we’ll get you changed.”

Braeden sighed, still sweating. Andre reached up to mop the patient’s brow. This was only the beginning.

*009*2018-10-28 05:44

Thank you thank you! I feel like I'm making a lot of time jumps in this one, but since I only imagine omo scenes, I build the story around those. Thanks for reading!

###

“No, I think the Icelandic module is ready for a soft launch. Contact our school partners in Reykjavik to set up a timeline.”

Braeden’s speech had returned to full capacity long before the rest of his body caught up, and he had resumed semi-regular conference calls with JamTech as soon as Dr. Black had given the OK. With Braeden’s permission, Andre stayed in the room during these calls, doing paperwork. Although the nurse generally had very little clue as to what Braeden and his colleagues were talking about, listening to his speech patterns was a good way to keep tabs on his cognitive recovery.

“Sounds good, boss,” a voice on the other end of the line responded. The sound from headphones was still uncomfortable for Braeden, so he took all his calls on speaker. “And what about the text projection for closed captioning at theaters?”

Braeden pursed his lips, thinking. “I think the projection tech is close, but we need to expand our wearable options a bit more.”

There was a murmur of agreement from the phone, and Andre pictured a room full of sharply-dressed engineers furiously taking notes. Another, more confident voice cut in.

“Thank you all,” the voice said. “I think we have some good tasks to work on, and we’ll check in with Brain later.”

The murmurs grew louder, accompanied by the distant sound of shuffling. Braeden didn’t hang up, though, and after a minute, the voice that ended the meeting spoke again.

“They’re all gone. How are you doing, Bray?”

Although the voice was kind, Braeden didn’t seem to soften. “I’m fine, Dean,” he replied. “Therapy is going well, and I’ll talk with Dr. Black soon about moving into my rental place.”

“That’s great!” Dean exclaimed. “I’m so glad things are going well.”

There was a tiny pause before Dean spoke again. “Things are really well in hand here,” he began, “and I have a bit of a break before AbleCon at the end of next month. Are you sure you don’t want some company?”

Andre kept his eyes on his notes, not wanting to seem intrusive. Now that the voice was identified, he was interested in seeing how Braeden interacted with the man who was, at least according to the press, his closest friend in the world.

“Don’t be ridiculous.” Braeden’s reply was quick and decisive, but his tone wasn’t harsh. “If you’re going to take a break, take an actual break, not some phone excuse to sit at my bedside.”

Andre heard Dean chuckle. He supposed you couldn’t remain friends with Braeden Holt for nearly 10 years without getting used to his blunt nature.

“You had a brain tumor, Bray,” Dean chided.

“I’m aware.”

Dean seemed to ignore this interruption. “I’m sure you’re doing well, and I know you have the best care possible, but it wouldn’t hurt to have a friend there.”

“Unnecessary,” Braeden insisted. “I’ll be home before you know it. There’s no benefit to you coming over here.”

“If you insist,” Dean said, resigned. “Just let me know if you change your mind.”

“Unlikely.” Braeden picked up the phone, ready to end the call. “Message me if anything comes up with Reykjavik.”

“Will do. Take care, Brain.”

Braeden didn’t respond before he hung up the phone, which Andre knew was typical. The inventor had no need to have the last word.

Andre waited a few beats before turning his chair to talk with his patient. Braeden had (naturally) been correct when he’d told his business partner that there would soon be a discussion about moving out of the hospital. However, there were many aspects to that discussion that needed to be addressed first.

One of which was the fact that Braeden had yet to transition out of protective briefs.

In fairness, it had been a week since Braeden had wet himself during the day, and he’d stayed dry for the past two nights. However, his physical and occupational therapy schedules were ramping up, which would put a strain on his recovering body.

“So you’re going to start intensive physical therapy tomorrow,” Andre said casually. “We all agree that you’re ready and it’ll help us all determine a timeline for getting you out of here.”

Braeden just stared, and Andre almost grinned. He should’ve known better than to start with small talk.

“Anyway, since you’re gonna be working so hard, what do you think of keeping the briefs on for another week or so, just in case?”

“I’d rather not.”

On one hand, it was incredibly useful having a brain surgery patient who could clearly articulate his needs and symptoms; on the other hand, it was much easier to convince a patient to follow a treatment plan when they couldn’t respond with polite yet coherent arguments.

“Man, I get it,” Andre replied, “but you’re working so hard already, and your body is tired. Just give it a bit of a break.”

Braeden blinked. He was never especially emotive to begin with, but Andre would swear that he hadn’t seen the patient smile since the surgery.

“It’s a mental exercise, Andre, not a physical one,” Braeden insisted. “I’ll make time to use the restroom quite frequently. I would never be full.”

Andre sighed. This wasn’t the first stubborn patient he’d worked with – far from it – but he’d really been hoping that Braeden’s intellect would help him understand the benefits of protection.

In the face of Andre’s silence, Braeden continued, his voice never shifting from the clinical tone he’d adopted. “Andre, you know as well as I do that mental and emotional consistency is just as important to healing as physical improvement. Continuing to wear protective briefs sends conflicting signals to my body, as lack of bladder control is a distinct sign of ill-health rather than of recovery. If I’m going to work toward complete functioning, I need to act as if I have as much functioning as possible.”

Andre hesitated, which was tantamount to an agreement already.

“I believe Alma will agree with me, based on my progress in therapy,” Braeden added as his final argument. Alma was the urologist who had been working with Braeden on pelvic floor exercises.

Andre raised his eyebrows. “You know I have to check with her.”

“Of course.” Nodding – or any specific movement of his head – was still unpleasant for Braeden, so he employed far more verbal responses than he would otherwise.

Andre shook his head in defeat. He was pretty sure Braeden wouldn’t physically fight if Dr. Black or Dr. Marshall ordered him to keep wearing the briefs, but he also knew that the medical team was unlikely to force Braeden into a move that he explicitly disliked. Braeden was right, of course – keeping the patient’s mental state in check was an essential component of healing, especially after major surgery.

“If Alma backs you up, then I think we can stop as early as tomorrow,” Andre finally acquiesced.

This time, Braeden didn’t respond. He simply picked up his computer from the bedside stand and got back to work.

###

Over the next few days, Braeden stayed true to his word. He was diligent about visiting the bathroom, and he had no accidents, either at night or during the day. His therapy was also going well. Although he would return to his room sweating and sometimes pale, his therapists universally praised his work ethic, and the entire medical team was pleased with his progress.

“Your balance is solid, and your stamina has increased nicely,” Dr. Black narrated in the Monday morning check-in. “You still have a long way to go, of course, but we’re all comfortable with starting to transition you to your home therapy team.”

Andre beamed at the news – he was so proud of the progress Braeden had made – but the young patient’s lips didn’t even twitch.

“Thank you, Dr. Black,” Braeden said, honestly but soberly.

Dr. Black wasn’t as disappointed as Andre at Braeden’s lack of response. He’d done his job as a surgeon, and he was pleased with the results.

Andre, on the other hand, felt his shoulders slump. He recalled Dr. Marshall’s warning weeks ago about mistaking Braeden’s calm for overall mental well-being. Still, it was exhausting being in a hospital for so long. Maybe Braeden would feel better once he finally got to leave.

###

The next day was a big one for Braeden. He was scheduled for an intensive cognitive battery of tests in the morning, and then he would meet and work with his new therapist in the afternoon. If all went well on both accounts, Dr. Black would set a date for Braeden’s release.

The cognitive exam was long and grueling, the intensity bolstered by Braeden’s stratospheric baseline numbers. Braeden was grilled on measures of language, spatial ability, logic, and memory. By the time the neurology resident returned him to his room, Braeden’s eyes were drooping.

“How’d it go?” Andre asked cheerfully.

“Fine,” Braeden breathed, sliding into bed.

The neurologist laughed. “He was brilliant,” she gushed. “I’ve never seen scores like that from anyone, much less from someone less than a month post-op, no matter what kind of tumor they had.”

Andre nodded knowingly, reaching to pull the blanket over Braeden. “No wonder you took so long!”

The neurologist grinned. “I’ll write up my report later today, but to say he passed with flying colors would be a gross understatement.”

“Thanks, doc,” Andre said, since Braeden seemed too tired to speak. The doctor bobbed her head and left.

“It’s almost lunchtime,” Andre informed his patient, “but you look like a nap would be more beneficial right now.”

“Yes,” Braeden agreed softly, his eyes already closed.

Andre pressed the button to lower the bed. “Want me to wake you up to eat before PT later?”

“Mmmm…”

Braeden was practically already asleep. Andre decided just to let the young man rest.

Braeden slept for nearly two hours, barely moving. It was nearly time for his physical therapy appointment, but Andre figured he needed the rest more than he needed to eat. He could always have an energy bar on his way down to the gym.

There was a light knock on the door, a few minutes early. Dr. Marshall stuck her head in, tailed by a young, eager looking therapist.

Andre smiled a greeting and reached over to shake Braeden awake.

Braeden made a small growling noise as he squinted his eyes open.

“Time to work, Braeden,” Andre said gently. He was already raising the bed.

Braeden blinked, his eyes scanning over to the newcomers in the room.

“Braeden, this is Dr. Kerry Sargent,” Bex explained. “She’s dual-certified in physical therapy and occupational therapy, and she’ll be your therapist-in-residence when you leave Marsden.”

“Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Holt!” Kerry chirped, her perky ponytail and cheerful voice belying her years of education and therapeutic skill. She was certainly young – no older than Braeden himself – but she was one of the only dual-certified therapists at the hospital.

“I’m going to do a brief assessment today, for my own baseline, and then we’ll work a bit on navigation-“

“I need to change.”

“-for…what?” Kerry snapped her mouth shut, caught off guard by not only the interruption, but the gravel in Braeden’s just-awoken voice.

“I need to change,” Braeden repeated, shifting in his bed. He didn’t look angry, per se, but his face was definitely stony.

“Oh, no, what you’re wearing is just-“

“Of course.” Kerry was cut off again, this time by Dr. Marshall, who was gently pulling her toward the door. “Just let us know when you’re ready.”

Out in the hallway, Kerry pursed her lips, confused. Before she could formulate a question, Dr. Marshall spoke.

“As you would have read in Mr. Holt’s chart, the placement of his tumor caused problems with continence,” Bex explained, keeping her voice low. “He’s been doing incredibly well lately, and he no longer wears protective pants, but after his long session this morning, it appears that he experienced loss of control during his nap.”

“Oh!” Kerry gasped, her face reddening. “I didn’t mean to…I didn’t…”

“It’s fine,” Bex waved her hand, cutting off the therapist’s stammering. “It’s bound to happen a few times. Just be aware.”

“Yes, yes,” Kerry nodded, making a mental note to keep an eye on Braeden’s toileting habits.

Back in the room, Andre had moved to support Braeden as soon as the women left. He pulled back the blanket to reveal wet patches on the young man’s pants and sheets. It wasn’t a huge mess, but Andre still mentally chastised himself for not ensuring that Braeden used the restroom as soon as he returned from his morning appointment.

Neither nurse nor patient spoke while Braeden peeled off his wet pants and underwear. Andre silently handed him a wet washcloth, and soon enough, the young man was dry and settled into his wheelchair.

“Ready?” Kerry beamed as Andre pushed Braeden into the hallway.

“All set!” Andre answered, knowing Kerry wouldn’t get a word out of Braeden that wasn’t entirely necessary.

Bex accompanied Kerry and Braeden down to the therapy gym, for no reason other than to give Kerry someone to talk to. Downstairs, she bid her goodbyes, without adding “Good luck” to the poor therapist who’d gotten off to such an awkward start.

Bex shouldn’t have worried, though; Kerry was a professional, and she wasn’t about to let a little silence intimidate her, even if it was from one of the most successful people she’d ever been in a room with.

“OK!” she trilled. “We’re going to start with a baseline assessment. I’ll have you try some gross and fine motor movements, as well as some skills relevant to your life, such as typing, use of touch screens, and sketching.”

Without waiting for a verbal response from Braeden, she wheeled him over to the barre. “Let’s start with some walking tasks.”

For the next hour, Kerry put Braeden through a comprehensive series of tests, making note of his ability to walk, stand and sit, and change direction. When she had assessed his gross motor skills, she sat him at a desk to test smaller, more refined movements.

“That was excellent, Mr. Holt,” Kerry noted at the end. “As expected, the foundations of your motor skills are all intact. That means we can spend most of our time working on balance, continuity of movement, and sensory integration.”

Braeden, who hadn’t spoken over the past hour other than to occasionally ask for clarification on some of Kerry’s orders, just hummed in response.

Undeterred, Kerry looked at the clock. She could tell Braeden was tired, but they still had plenty of time in their assigned session. She’d have him do a few more exercises before taking him back to his room.

“For now, we’re going to work on some daily living skills,” she instructed. “We’ll start out pretty basic, so I’m going to have you take your shoes off and put them back on.”

Kerry watched as Braeden scooched his chair back from the desk to give himself more room. His hands were trembling slightly – a sign of the hard work he’d put in to the assessment – but he reached down and removed his shoes one at a time, setting them on the ground. He paused to take a breath, then picked up his right shoe and pulled it toward his foot.

But somehow, in a very quick series of events, Braeden lost his coordination as he tried to slip his foot into the shoe. Instead, as he pushed his foot forward, his toe caught on the tongue of the shoe and jerked forward, slamming his toes into the leg of the desk.

Letting out a strangled, agonized cry, Braeden pitched forward, falling out of his chair and curling in the fetal position on the floor, cradling his head in his arms.

Kerry was on her feet in an instant, crouched down next to her patient. “Mr. Holt? Braeden?”

Braeden was half gasping, half moaning. His eyes were squeezed shut, and it was clear he was in an extraordinary amount of pain.

“Mr. Holt, I’m going to call Dr. Marshall, OK?” Kerry didn’t expect a response, but she wanted Braeden to know what was going on – if he was even capable of hearing at this point.

Kerry pulled out her radio and turned it to the VIP channel. “Dr. Marshall? This is Dr. Sargent, and I have a patient down in the therapy gym.”

The radio crackled in response. “This is Andre. I’m on my way.”

“I’ll meet you there,” Dr. Marshall’s voice added.

Kerry sighed in relief, and turned to ensure Braeden that help was coming. Before she could open her mouth, though, she noticed the pale yellow puddle rippling on the tile floor between Braeden’s curled knees and abdomen.

Kerry cringed. How much more could she screw up on her first day with her new patient?

“Keep breathing,” she instructed, sounding more confident than she felt. “Just breathe, Mr. Holt.”

Desperate for something to do, Kerry looked around the room. She spotted a stack of foam pillows in the corner and ran over to grab some.

“Here,” she said, gently sliding one under Braeden’s head. His breathing had slowed some, but he still kept his top hand clutching the back of his skull.

“What happened?” Andre flew into the room, having sprinted from the top floor.

“He-“ Kerry looked up to see Dr. Marshall hurrying in just behind Andre. “He was putting on his shoe, under my instruction, and his foot slipped and he stubbed his toes on the desk.”

Bex knelt next to Braeden to take his pulse. The young man’s skin was pale and clammy.

“Braeden?” Bex called softly. “Is that what happened?”

Braeden took a few deliberately deep breaths, keeping his eyes shut.

“Yes,” he finally gasped. “But my…head…head hurts.”

Bex nodded, laying Braeden’s wrist carefully back on the ground. “Unfortunately, that’s not uncommon,” she explained. “It’s a bit like how hitting your funny bone makes you feel uncomfortable beyond the pain in your elbow. Because your tumor interfered with your brain’s ability to integrate sensation and movement, sudden, intense pain in your body can be interpreted as pain in your head, particularly around the site of surgery.”

Andre looked down sympathetically. This was the worst Braeden had looked since they’d moved him for the first time after surgery.

“I can bring down some morphine, if you like,” Dr. Marshall offered. “Otherwise, just keep breathing until you’re ready for Andre to move you back to your room. Once there, I do suggest pain medication to help you sleep.”

“I’ll wait,” Braeden whispered. He wasn’t the type to shun medicine out of a misplaced desire to seem tough, but he judged that getting back to his bed first would be more helpful.

“Very well.” Dr. Marshall pushed herself to her feet. “Andre, are you OK here?” Upon Andre’s assent, Bex nodded. “Then Dr. Sargent and I will go discuss her assessments. Ring if you need me.”

And for the second time in an hour and a half, the two women walked out, leaving Andre with a wet, unhappy patient. Nonplussed, Andre strolled to the sink at the end of the room and grabbed a handful of paper towels.

“Just gonna clean up a bit here,” Andre narrated needlessly as he mopped up Braeden’s accident. “We’ll get you changed when we get upstairs.”

A change of clothes was more than necessary. Not only had Braeden wet his pants, but the puddle had soaked into his shirt as he lay on the floor.

After a few more minutes, Andre asked if Braeden was ready to move. Braeden murmured his consent – it’s not like things were getting better on the floor – and Andre all but lifted him into the wheelchair.

Again, there was no conversation in the room while Andre cleaned the young man. He transferred Braeden into the shower chair, knowing that a sponge bath wouldn’t cut it this time. He kept the water pressure on low, and the warm cascade did seem to relax Braeden just a little.

Still, Braeden looked comparatively miserable as Andre tucked him into bed, and the nurse worried more than ever about his patient.

*012*2018-11-08 02:25

{{On 11/4/2018 at 11:04 AM, Lion1423 said:

Hey, not sure if you saw this before and weren't interested, but just in case, here it is: I think it would be amazing if you made Andre desperate and wet, that would make this story super interesting. Then we'd get to see how Braedon handled that!

}}

Sorry to confuse; I should have included both of your comments in my response. I really appreciate you reading, but this isn't that kind of story :)
