My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*013*2022-06-12 20:51

This is part of my series, Limited Edition

, but can also be read as a stand-alone.

***

Something about movie theaters had a way of filling Shelby’s bladder up fast. She thought she probably just so absorbed in the film that she didn’t pay attention to how much soda she was drinking, or maybe the cold temperature inside the theater was what prompted her body’s processes to speed up, but whatever the reason, Shelby always wound up squirming by the time the second act rolled around.

It wasn’t like she could just get up and pee, either. She didn’t want to miss anything! Better to cross her legs and endure her need than walk out for several minutes and miss out on something important. And, wow were her legs crossed now. She’d been feeling her bladder gradually expanding for the last half hour, at least; More liquid being pumped into it by the second. At this point, she had to work harder to concentrate on the movie rather than the pressure pounding away inside her.

She couldn’t leave now, the movie she was watching was very fast-paced, even if she managed to make it to the bathroom, pee, and come back all in under a minute, she’d lose track of the plot. And, it would be such a hassle to leave right now, anyway. She’d have to ask her brother and her best friend to stand up in order to let her out of the aisle, and she already felt slightly awkward being out with them on what was, essentially, a date.

Yes, she was a bit of a third wheel today. That was the sort of thing that tended to happen when a person’s brother was going out with their best friend. The arrangement had sort of weirded her out at first, hearing Nova talk about how she thought Emmett was hot wasn’t at ALL something Shelby wanted to listen to.

They were a good couple though, Shelby had to admit. She’d noticed Emmett grabbing onto Nova during the scary parts of the movie, and she supposed that was almost cute. But, what wasn’t cute was how they were both blocking the exit path that would lead Shelby to a bathroom, all while her bladder was presenting a very compelling argument that missing a few minutes of the movie would be worth it if she was able to get all this piss out of herself.

Shelby considered asking them to let her up, her bladder was pinching away at her, her urethral opening had started to tremble in that threatening way that meant she would be really pushing her luck if she kept trying to hold it. But, it DID look like the movie would be over soon. She could probably last to the end still…

She adjusted her position in her seat for what must have been the millionth time. Her jeans were cutting into her bladder as if they sought to slice it right in half. She leaned forward at first, but quickly slammed back hard against the chair when an absolutely horrendous pressure bloomed in her bladder. “Ffff…” she hissed through her clenched teeth, bringing one foot up into the seat with her and pushing it up against her crotch. She rocked against her foot, while her other knee jiggled frantically. She couldn’t stop thinking about how fast she was gonna be running out of this room the second the credits started to roll. She had to go so badly that she thought she might even end up tearing up when she finally laid her eyes on a stall.

‘Don’t think about it. Just pay attention. You wanna know how it ends, don’t you?’ Shelby scolded herself. She’d held her bladder through this entire thing, that meant she could easily handle another ten or so minutes. Her foot wasn’t enough of a deterrent against her flood, though. She lowered it back down and pushed her hands between her legs instead, squeezing her thighs together as tight as they would go.

She watched as the protagonist of the film entered a men’s restroom. He was only going in there to empty the vial he’d stolen from the villain down a drain so that it would get into the town’s water supply and provide the cure for the lab-engineered super-virus the villain had unleashed. But, even if Shelby wasn’t going to be subjected to watching the main actor pretend he was relieving his bladder in this scene, she still had to see all the urinals on the wall in the shot. She still had to see all of the toilet stalls. And, her bladder still shrieked at her about how good it would feel to empty out into ANY of those spots right now.

Her bouncing increased as the main character stepped up to one of the sinks, and she cringed hard at the sound of the liquid antidote being poured into it. The loud speakers of the theater ensured that she heard every last drop as it plinked away. Then, she was forced to listen when the protagonist turned the sink ON to make certain all of the antidote made it down the drain. The camera lingered on the gushing faucet for several seconds, Shelby’s back became caked in sweat.

Several minutes later, with the last plot threads wrapped up, the credits finally appeared and the lights in the theater flashed on. Shelby knew she ought to stop gripping herself so tightly now that she no longer had the cover of darkness to do it in, but when she tried to let go, the first squirt of her pee gushed out and in a panic she clamped her hands back down.

“I really don’t think that pouring a tiny bit of the cure down a sink is gonna be enough to get rid of a city-wide pandemic…” Emmett said. He was the first to stand up, and once he was on his feet, a hand hesitantly went to tug at the waistband of his pants. “Um… That was… A bit longer than I’d expected it to be too…”

“Well, it’s just a movie,” Nova said. “You have to suspend disbelief for stuff like that…” her own knees was bouncing almost as much as Shelby’s were. “You ARE right about it being really long, though.”

“I… Um… Is it okay if I—“

“I have to pee SO bad!” Shelby moaned out as she struggled to her feet. She was unable to stand all the way, the heavy ball of urine in her core seemed to weigh her down so much that she could only double over and bend at the knees as she tried to lift it.

“Y—Yeah…” Emmett nodded. “I… Need to… Do that…”

Nova reached to pinch at his cheek, “Aw, you’re so cute when you get shy.”

Shelby didn’t have TIME for them to try to win the ‘most nauseatingly adorable couple award’, she needed to GO and they were STILL blocking her way out. “Well, if you need to piss, can we do that NOW? I can’t wait anymore.” They turned to look at her. She still hadn’t managed to pry her hands away from her groin, and she honestly didn’t care if they could see her doing that anymore.

“Heh, alright,” Nova said. “I have to go, too. Come on.”

***

No fair. No fair. No fucking fair.

The line for the women’s room was at least twenty people long, and the line for the men’s was less than five. When Shelby heard her brother groan at the idea he was going to have to wait through just a tiny group of people before he was able to relieve his bladder, she shot him a glare.

“S—Sorry,” Emmett said. “I just… I’ve been holding it a real long time, and—“

“You barely even have to wait now!” Shelby pointed out.

“Sorry…” Emmett repeated. “N—Nothing I can do…” He nervously took his place in line, and Shelby watched him cross his legs and tug anxiously at his bangs. He really DID look like he needed to go pretty badly, but he wasn’t clutching himself like SHE was. He didn’t need to go AS bad as she did, and he was still guaranteed to get to go FIRST. How was that even remotely fair?!

Again, Shelby wished that women’s bathrooms would have at least one or two urinals inside them. Yes, only a tiny portion of women would be able to make any use of them, but they would sure be useful to the ones like her that could manage it! If there was a urinal in there— Even just one— She could be pissing right this second!

Or, she would be if Nova weren’t right behind her in line right now. Shelby had never told her friend that she could pee standing up. While Nova wasn’t much of a girly-girl either, often wearing camo and fascinated by zombies, Shelby still figured that she’d think a girl peeing like a guy was really weird. Doing that in front of her could make Nova uncomfortable, and Shelby didn’t want to do that. If she and Nova were out and both needed to pee, Shelby would always sit down to avoid freaking her out.

Hopping from foot to foot, clutching herself for dear life, Shelby squeezed her eyes shut tightly and prayed for the line to please, please move. “I’m going to explode…” she whimpered softly, miserable.

Nova had been watching Shelby’s urgent dance, and with some dismay she realized it was beginning to rub off on her. As if Shelby’s utter desperation was somehow as contagious as the disease in the movie they’d just watched, Nova’s need for the toilet had gone from an annoying but manageable pulse to a far more insistent throb just in the time she’d spent in line. She now needed to rock a bit from side to side as she waited. “It’ll be over soon,” Nova tried to assure.

 The line was moving, at least. Just very, very slowly. Nova’s bladder would shudder each time she heard a toilet flush inside the restroom. She could scarcely imagine what it must have been doing to Shelby.

Indeed, every flush of a toilet would make Shelby squeeze herself even harder. She could feel dampness collecting against her straining fingertips, but was unable to pinpoint exactly when she’d begun to leak. She didn’t even feel the pee slipping its way past her defenses, the only confirmation she had that she really WAS starting to lose control came in the form of the slick warmth beading into her hands.

She was wetting herself.

Extremely slowly, drop by tiny drop, but there was no doubt that she was having an accident. ‘Hurryyyy,’ she mentally begged the people ahead of her. ‘Come on, LOOK at me. I gotta go WAY worse than any of you do. Just…’ She began to consider speaking up, asking permission to cut… One look at her, and everyone else would know how bad her emergency was. SOMEONE would have to take pity, surely?

It would be embarrassing to beg like that, but certainly not as embarrassment as an accident would be.

“Excuse me…” Shelby managed to choke out to the woman directly ahead of her. “I… Need to go really badly. Could I please go ahead of you?”

The woman turned around, stared at her for a second, then shook her head. “Nope. I’m in a rush. I have to pick up my kids soon.”

Shelby could pee so fast, though… She could pee so quickly that this woman would only have to wait an extra thirty seconds for her! “I’ll b-be really fast. I’ll hurry. I promise!”

“No, you should have gotten here sooner if you need to go that much,” the woman said, and then she turned around in a way that signified to Shelby that the conversation was over.

Nova had watched the conversation, feeling a little stunned by Shelby’s boldness at first. Nova would never, EVER be able to ask a complete stranger for help with such a personal crisis. She’d NEVER be able to admit to someone she didn’t know that she needed the toilet too badly to stand it. That was one of the things Nova liked about her friend, she really just did whatever she had to do, regardless of the potential consequences or reactions she may receive.

Nova was dismayed when the woman declined letting Shelby cut. Both because she felt bad for Shelby’s plight, and because Nova’s own bladder was REALLY starting to become a problem and she’d been hopeful she’d be allowed to cut ALONGSIDE Shelby and get relief just as quickly.

Nova was now lifting her feet from the floor, one right after the other, like she was trying to complete a stationary march. She thought back to the soda she’d finished during the first act of the movie, she thought about how big it had been and how every drop now seemed to be contained inside her bladder.

Her bladder didn’t feel like it had enough ROOM inside of it for that soda. Nova’s Dad was in the army, and as she stood there, jiggling and turning about anxiously, she thought back to a story he’d told her once, about the drug tests everyone there had to do. Her Dad said that everybody had to drink a lot of water, and then wait to be called for their test. But, that the order they’d be called in would be pretty random, so nobody knew when they’d actually have their turn to pee. They’d just all have to hold it in, some of them for hours. Her Dad had been one of the last people called, and he’d said that holding his pee that day had actually been one of the HARDEST things he’d ever done, even worse than all the physical exercises put together.

This though, waiting here in a painfully long bathroom line, this wasn’t going to take HOURS like her Dad’s test had. At most, she’d be on the toilet in just thirty minutes, peeing away. She could do that. If her Dad could hold a bloated bladder for hours and hours, then SHE could make it thirty minutes. She thought about other things he had told her, about how when he was doing something really physical and his body had felt like it couldn’t take anymore, he’d push through that pain and on the other side of it everything would feel easier. Nova could do that. She could be strong like him.

But, five minutes ticked by very slowly, and the line barely budged at all, and then Nova was cupping herself just like Shelby. She usually wore skirts, and she’d worn one again today. There wouldn’t be much material to soak up her pee if it all came gushing out. It would burst straight through her underwear, spray right down her legs and all puddle on the floor. If she parted her legs far enough, she could probably keep much from getting onto her skirt, but that didn’t fix anything. The lobby of the theater was teeming with people, they’d still see her release a geyser onto the ground… And the floor was carpeted, too. She’d have to pay for it to be cleaned or something.

Her Dad would be so disappointed in her if she had an accident NOW at her age…

 Especially when she KNEW that she could be strong like him.

Every second stretched itself out just as grotesquely as the girls’ bladders were stretching. Shelby was near tears by the time they were at last close enough to actually get INSIDE of the freaking bathroom finally. The tears weren’t from emotion, not from the shame or embarrassment she felt as little drops continued to work their ways out of her every minute or so. The tears were just from the sheer, physical agony she felt as her straining holding muscles fought their hardest to contain a monumental flood.

She couldn’t hold it. She couldn’t. She still had three more people to get through. Then she was gonna have to lock the stall door, unzip and unbutton her pants, pull them down, turn around, sit…

She could get rid of those last two steps fairly easily, though. Shave off a few precious seconds so she’d have a better chance of making it in time.

But… Nova was here… She might notice…

‘The whole REASON you learned to piss through a zipper was for moments EXACTLY like this,” Shelby reminded herself. ‘Moments where you can’t hold it long enough to get your pants off.’ And, she knew that there was no way she could hold it long enough to get her pants off right now. Even the time it would take to unzip them was gonna cause her to cut it EXTREMELY close.

‘I’ll… Try and get them off,’ Shelby thought. ‘But, if I can’t… Hopefully Nova doesn’t pay any attention to what I’m doing.’

Nova bobbed up and down and sucked in her cheeks as she listened to another toilet flush. Trying to hold it while inside of a bathroom was harder than trying to hold it anywhere else. Her bladder RECOGNIZED where it was, it recognized the sinks and the stalls, and it definitely recognized the sounds of the toilets flushing. But, most of all, it recognized the distinct trickle of urine hitting water as OTHER women got the relief Nova needed. Her first leak came out when her ears zeroed in on the sound of a stream hissing particularly forcefully into a toilet bowl. Nova felt her cupped hands growing warm as her panties failed to contain the gush of liquid that her bladder had just ejected from itself.

Finally, FINALLY she and Shelby were next in line, and she almost cried when a couple toilets flushed, leaving two vacant stalls adjacent to one another. Nova ran into one of them. She jumped up and down as she shakily drew the lock into place with one hand, the other still digging firmly against her crotch. Once the door was secured, she yanked down her damp underwear and stumbled back towards the toilet. She was peeing hard before she’d managed to lower herself onto the seat all the way, she heard it spatter off the seat and splash on the floor, felt some of it bounce onto her thighs as she collapsed the rest of the way down.

 But, she didn’t care. She didn’t care if she got a little pee on the seat. All she cared about was the fact that she was now FINALLY sitting on a toilet, her panties down, and her bladder open and pouring away unrestrained. Her whole body went instantly limp as she tipped her head back, sighing loudly. “Ahhhh…” Her brain went blank for a moment, then she heard panic shuffling in the stall beside hers. ‘Poor Shelby, she’s wearing pants she needs to get apart and pull down…’ she thought.

In the other stall, Shelby got herself locked in and then tore away at her button and zip, struggling to do so as her hands kept going back between her legs. ‘Gotta go…’ she thought. ‘NOW. Just—‘ she tried to reach up to her waistband, but the second she attempted it, she was peeing. Not leaking, not dribbling. She was peeing. Hard. Warmth was rolling down her legs, and she couldn’t stop it. Couldn’t hold it… The toilet was right—

‘For fuck’s sake, just stand! Who cares who notices!?’Shelby scolded herself, and instinctively her hands took their necessary positions, her stream instantly being directed away from her clothes and out past her zipper. Pee rocketed into the toilet bowl at last, and after a few seconds of gasping and panting, Shelby’s mind caught up with her body and it registered that she WASN’T having an accident anymore. Her urine was ending up in a toilet rather than flowing down her legs.

Everything about this had been so literally-last-second that she hadn’t lifted the seat up like she was supposed to when she urinated while standing, she could see little drops landing on it, and after a few more seconds of gushing, she grunted hard, tensed herself up, and was able to restrain her flow just long enough to pull the seat out of the way. Then, she pushed back down and resumed her release, at last able to actually relax and enjoy it now that she wasn’t making a mess for someone else to deal with.

 Nova was still peeing, she was honestly shocked by how much she’d had inside her bladder. Felt like it was gonna last forever at this rate, and honestly she didn’t think she’d mind that too much. It felt so good, humongous waves of tension were coming off of her. She heard Shelby make a weird noise and turned to look beneath the stall’s wall again. She saw Shelby was still facing towards the toilet, and now grew worried that her friend’s zipper was STUCK or something— What a terrible time for THAT to happen.

Nova was about to bear down on herself to speed up her own flow so that she could get up and come help, when she noticed something else. She could only really see Shelby’s feet now, but she could tell her legs weren’t crossed anymore, not like she was still holding it.

Had she… Had an accident? Did she not make it in time? No, there wasn’t a puddle beneath her feet… Hell, with as desperate as Shelby had been, if she’d peed herself the resulting lake would probably be flowing into Nova’s stall too.

And, Nova heard a stream of liquid landing into a toilet, checking her other side, Nova saw that she and Shelby were alone in here now, the rush of people wanting to use the toilet after the movie ended had dispersed. So, that second stream of pee Nova heard must have been Shelby’s. As if to confirm to Nova that she’d made it in time and was now relieving herself, Shelby sighed happily, sounding very relaxed and not at all dismayed like she would if she’d been having an accident. “Ahhhh…”

But… Why was she facing TOWARDS the toilet to pee? And she was at least a quarter of a foot AWAY from it, too. Sort of like a guy how a guy would…

Nova’s pee finally slowed down to a trickle and then a moment later, she was emptied. She didn’t get up. It didn’t even cross her mind to. She’d forgotten all about her own bladder and why she was here, she just kept staring at Shelby’s feet curiously. If she didn’t know better, she’d say for sure that Shelby was peeing like a man.

But, that couldn’t be possible, could it? Nova and Shelby had gone to the mall lots of times together, they’d tried on clothes before and they were close enough that sharing a dressing room wasn’t a huge deal. Nova knew that Shelby didn’t have a… Uh…

Well, funnels existed though, didn’t they? Maybe Shelby had a funnel she peed through for whatever reason? Nova wasn’t sure where she would have been hiding it all day, though. She’d heard Shelby complain about how her pockets were too small often enough that she didn’t think a funnel could fit in there. Maybe she kept it inside her underwear, so she could whip it out and go like a guy would? Nova thought maybe she would have noticed the weird shape that would make, though. But, it’s not like she’d been LOOKING for anything like that.

Shelby’s stream finally stopped spraying, and Nova watched as she stepped a little closer to the toilet and did a tiny hopping motion. Then, she heard Shelby quickly zip up and exit the stall, going to the sinks. A moment later, she called. “Uh… Nova? You okay?” there was a hint of worry in her voice that Nova seldom heard out of her.

“Y—Yeah, I’m fine,” Nova said, finally getting up. When she reunited with Shelby beside the sinks, she cranked the faucet on and tried to think of something to say. ‘Just don’t mention it,’ she thought. ‘Peeing is personal, it’s not your business. And you were probably just seeing things, anyway. You had to go so bad that you hallucinated, or something.’ Against her will, once she’d finished with the sink, Nova’s vision went straight to Shelby’s crotch, looking for any lump that would indicate she had hidden a funnel inside her pants. She didn’t see anything like that, she did see a few errant wet spots, though. “Um… You want some paper towels, for…”

“Yeah, that would help,” Shelby said.

Nova grabbed some from the dispenser and handed them to her. As she watched Shelby dab at the wet patches on her pants, she rocked back and forth as though she STILL needed to pee. “Ummm…” She just couldn’t stop thinking about what she’d seen. No matter how hard she tried. It was all she could think of when she looked at Shelby. Shelby HAD been standing to pee, Nova knew it…

Shelby tossed out the paper towels. “That looks a bit better now…” she said. She looked up. “You sure you’re alright?”

“I’m fine!” Nova insisted. “Just… Really had to go. I’m catching my breath now.” That was a stupid, embarrassing thing to say…

“Oh, okay,” Shelby said.

The two started to leave the restroom, and Nova KEPT thinking. ‘It’s probably really fun to pee standing up…’ She’d seen Emmett pee a couple times, and while she’d always been more focused on that super cute, relaxed expression he always got, there had also been a bit of envy that he could stand. Nova had always thought that it would be useful to be able to do that, and had been jealous of guys in the past because of it.

She’d just never thought she’d have to be jealous of another girl for the same reason.

How did Shelby DO that?

The question weighed on Nova’s mind as they looked around the lobby for Emmett. He was standing off to one side, looking pretty relieved himself. “H—Hey,” he said. “Sorry you guys had to wait so long… Girls’ bathrooms should be… Bigger, or something.”

“It’s alright,” Nova said. “We’re fine now.” ‘Does your sister pee like a guy?’ was what she WANTED to add, but she kept it back.

“That’s good,” Emmett said. “I was worried… You still want to come to our house for the night, right?”

“Yeah,” Nova said. And that was ALL she said for the entire walk there. There was so much she WANTED to say, so much she wanted to ASK, but she didn’t know how to.

Once they were at the twins’ house, Nova had to pee again. She knew where the toilets were, of course. But, she didn’t go to use either of them. For some reason, now the idea of sitting down to release her bladder sounded really unappealing to her.

‘So, what, you gonna hold it forever now?’ Nova asked herself. ‘You’ll explode.’

Shelby had to go again, too. Her bladder had just been pushed to its limit, it was sore and didn’t want to wait. “I’ll be right back,” she said, walking off.

Nova followed her, stood beside the restroom door under the guise of ‘waiting for her turn.’ She heard the lid on the bowl being lifted. And then the seat too. Then a trickle of liquid.

She’d lifted the seat… Like a guy would…

Emmett had been about to head to the other restroom, but stopped when he noticed her. “Oh, there’s a second toilet beside my Dad’s room, remember?”

“I… I know, I’m just waiting to ask Shelby something,” Nova said. And, she realized a moment later that this wasn’t a lie. Her curiosity was not going to leave her alone without some kind of answer.

When Shelby exited a moment later and saw Nova there, she had a feeling that her friend HAD noticed something back at the theater after all. She hoped not…“So… Um… Were you just waiting to go, or…”

“I… I wanted to ask you something,” Nova admitted. “Want to talk in your room?”

“Y—Yeah,” Shelby said, leading the way. She shut the door, not really knowing why. Emmett knew she peed like a boy. It wouldn’t matter if he heard her talking about it. “So, I… Think I know what you wanted to ask about.”

“Do… Um… Do you pee like a guy?” Nova blurted it out.

Shelby nodded, “I do. Sometimes… And, today, I just had to go so bad… Couldn’t handle taking all of that extra time to sit down…”

“Um…” Nova shifted. She was starting to need to go a lot more, and she knew this conversation, one based entirely around urination, was going to make her bladder feel a lot fuller soon. “So, do you have, like, a funnel?”

“No,” Shelby said.

“What DO you have, then? Because I KNOW you haven’t got a—“

“It’s… I have my hands,” Shelby said. “My fingers.”

“Huh?”

“I just… It’s hard to explain, but there’s this way you can… Aim your pee with just your hands, and your… You know…”

“So, you don’t have a tube, or a funnel, or—“

“Just… Everything I was born with,” Shelby said. “I just… Think it’s fun to stand, sorry if you think it’s weird, I know it freaks Emmett out a lot when I do it around him. But, like today, it’s really helpful. Definitely would have peed my pants otherwise.”

“It’s not…” Nova trailed off. She was about to say that it wasn’t weird, but that wouldn’t really be true. It was really unusual. There was no way around that. “Okay, it’s strange. But, just because I didn’t think girls could do that…”

“I didn’t at first, either. But, I learned how it works, and I tried it, and… I was surprised by how easy it was.”

“… How do you do it?” Nova asked finally.

“Like I said, it’s hard to explain… I take my hands like…” Shelby put them near her crotch and tried to demonstrate, but with her clothing all in the way it wasn’t easy to do. “I mean, I learned from a thing I read online, I don’t know how to… I mean, are you asking because YOU want to do this?”

“Y—Yeah,” Nova admitted. “I don’t know, it sounds fun.”

“It is,” Shelby promised. “I can try to teach you, I guess… Ummm… First step… Do you have to pee now?”

“I do,” Nova said.

“Okay,” Shelby knelt down and looked underneath her bed. She retrieved a small hand mirror. “Um… You need to go pee now, sitting down, and kinda put this between your legs so you can see where it comes out of. I promise, it’s probably a bit further back than you think it is.”

Nova nodded, “Um… What if I accidentally go on the mirror?”

“Then you wash it off,” Shelby shrugged. “I don’t care.”

Nova took the mirror into the restroom with her and flicked on the light. She sat on the toilet and positioned it between her legs as best as she could, but it was a little too dark to see anything. Her bladder, being prompted by the feeling of the toilet seat below her, released a quick spurt that she was forced to clamp off when she realized she couldn’t see what she was looking for.

She stood up again and turned on the second, brighter light. Now, when she sat down, she was able to make out the reflection of her body parts. She’d never actually thought to look around down there before. She’d felt it plenty of times with her hands, but she’d never done anything like this. She guessed she could recognize all the different parts from the biology book she’d had at school. She knew the hole pee came out of was the urethra, but she didn’t think she could see it yet. That must have been why Shelby had told her she needed to be peeing while she familiarized herself with her anatomy.

She relaxed her lower muscles, and her stream hissed out. She jolted for a moment, worried about spattering the mirror, but managed to keep it dry. Now that something was flowing, she was able to see the small slit that her pee trickled from. Shelby was right, it WAS a little further back than she’d thought.

She finished going and stood back up. Maybe, this would be the last time she HAD to pee sitting down. From now on, it would be her choice how she did it.

Nova returned to Shelby’s room. “You know where it comes out now?” Shelby asked.

“Yeah,” Nova said. “Now what?”

“Now, we wait until you have to go again, then you can try it standing in the shower.”

Nova was eager to make her first attempt, and poured herself a large glass of water in the kitchen. She talked with Emmett for a bit, part of her worrying that he’d be grossed out if he knew what she was up to. Shelby had said that this whole thing freaked him out. Did it freak him out that a girl stood up to pee, or did it freak him out that his sister, specifically, was peeing near him?

Nova didn’t have to tell him that she was doing this. At least, not right away.

***

Before long, Nova had to go again. When she first felt the urge, she felt a little thrill of excitement, but made herself wait until she REALLY had to go so that she’d have enough in her to make a really decent attempt at her goal. Once she needed to pee badly enough that she was squirming, she asked Shelby if she could try it now.

Shelby had been sitting on top of one of her feet for the last half hour, jiggling. “Ah, yes! I was starting to think you’d never ask!”  

So… Shelby had been holding it in for this too, then. Nova wondered why that was…

The girls entered the restroom together, and Nova just stood there like a deer caught in headlights. It hit her now exactly how unusual this activity was going to be. It really wasn’t the kind of thing she was SUPPOSED to do…

“Um… Okay,” Shelby said. “So, you’re gonna get in the tub, and take off… Everything below the waist. Socks too.” She wasn’t sure why she felt so awkward about saying that right now. She and Nova had changed in one another’s presence before. And this time, Nova would have the option of the shower curtain if she wanted it…

Peeing was just so personal though. Teaching someone a new way to do it felt… Weird. But, Shelby had to go badly right now, and the sooner this lesson got underway, the sooner she’d be able to release her bladder. “But… First… I’m gonna… Show you, I guess…”

Nova stared at her. Shelby seemed uncomfortable at the moment. Nova knew her friend had trouble with being touched, with just being SEEN with her clothing off unless the other person had really ensured to her that she was safe. Those past occasions where they’d gotten changed together, Nova had assured her each step of the way that she would only look where Shelby said she could look, and that she certainly wouldn’t TOUCH unless she was told to first. When she’d needed to help Shelby with the zipper on the back of a costume at the mall last Halloween, to make sure Shelby felt okay, she would pause every few seconds. “I’m going to put a hand on your shoulder now, is that alright?”, “Now, I’m going to touch the lower part of your back for a second, tell me if you’re good with that…” And, each time, she waited for Shelby to say it was okay before proceeding.

This moment was reminding her of all those. “Shelby, you don’t have to show me anything you don’t want me to look at. If you learned how to do this just from stuff online, I’m sure I can do it too. Or, you can just talk me through it instead. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want.”

“Okay,” Shelby said. “I want to show you, it’ll be easier if you actually see how it works… But, try to look only at… At where my hands are going, okay? I’m going to take my pants down all the way so that you can see good, and I don’t want you looking at my butt or anywhere else, just pay attention to what my hands are doing. Nothing else.”

“Of course,” Nova said.

Shelby nodded, and started to lower her pants. Her bladder pulsed at the sensation, knowing relief was coming soon. Relief WAS coming, but probably not in the way her bladder was expecting it… She lifted up the lid and seat of the toilet. “Um… Yeah, it took me a bit to remember I was supposed to put the seat up, too. But, you do gotta do that if you stand, so don’t forget.”

She put her hands down near her waist. “N—Now, um…” she parted her legs a bit, prompting a heavy shift of the weight inside her bladder. She had to go… “It’s easiest to do it with two hands…” Her bladder was searing. It was exhausted after her earlier desperation, her legs were too far apart to provide any resistance from her flood, and the toilet was RIGHT freaking there… Before she knew it, a tiny squirt of pee had escaped from her. “Ah—“ she reached and clutched herself with one hand. “S—Sorry…” she added. “REALLY need to go right now.”

Nova had been shuffling from foot to foot, and she nodded now. SHE really needed to go right now, too! The sight of the toilet wasn’t doing her bladder any favors right now, either!

“A—Anyway,” Shelby said. “T—To do this…” she bounced in place. Her body couldn’t comprehend why she’d been here so long and hadn’t started to pee yet. “You… Make kinda like a peace sign with both your hands…” she released her hold on her crotch, feeling a dribble slip out the second she’d let go. She formed her hands into the proper position and held them out for Nova to see. “A—And, then you put them on either side of your… Um… I’m gonna use the actual words, so… Um, either side of your labia. And then you pull up a bit…” she demonstrated this. “And, then you have to…” with a grunt, she pushed hard against her bladder, and her stream arced out into the bowl. “Ahhh…” she groaned as her taut muscles slackened. “Y—You have to make yourself go really fast, so it sprays,” she explained, breathless with relief.

She allowed her pee to keep hissing for a few seconds, blushing as Nova intently watched it shooting out, studying the placement of her hands. This felt so weird… Sure, people had seen her go like this before, but this time that person was REALLY watching, paying attention to every detail of it, looking directly at the spot where her pee was flowing from… Soon enough, Shelby winced as she knew what had to be done. She tensed herself up and forced her stream to pause. Somehow, now her bladder felt even FULLER than before in spite of the fact she’d released so much of her burden. “Mmnhhh…” she whimpered. Her body was begging her to let it pee again, flooding her with painful reminders of how good she’d been feeling just a second ago.

Nova looked away from her friend’s private area, “If this is making you too uncomfortable,” she said. “We don’t NEED to do it.”

“It’s… Not that,” Shelby promised. “I just… STILL need to go a whole lot, but I have to show you… Ah—!” she was interrupted by another unwanted spurt. “Okay, okay, hurry, hurry, gotta get through this fast! Y—You can also use just o—one hand, but it’s harder…” she said. “You make the same shape, and then you put it down right here, and pull up both sides as best as you can…” she demonstrated once more, her pee gushing out instantly and drawing out a heavy, panting sigh. “Hahh, hahh… This…” she fought to catch her breath. “This is good if you wanna do it through a zipper, ‘cause you’ll need the other hand to hold it open… Hahhh… But, first… You should do it with two hands until you’re good at it…”

She allowed herself a few more seconds of blissful, wonderful relief, and then forcefully cut off her flow yet again. A protesting little jet of piss shot out of her before she was able to restrain it fully. Then, she stomped her feet hard against the floor. Why was it getting HARDER to hold back the more she let OUT? Shouldn’t it have been getting easier now that she was emptier?! “Ohhhh!” she moaned. “I… Gotta… Okay, okay, okay!” she rushed out. “So, common mistakes you can make, would be, not pulling your hands up hard enough…” she placed her hands gently against herself, and let a trickle of pee flow down directly between her legs. “Or, not peeing fast enough…” This was going to be trickier, her bladder was dying to spray everything out, intentionally going to slow wasn’t gonna be easy…

 She unclenched, but just a little bit, and a dribble slipped out of her. Her bladder was weakening, dying. She’d forgotten about Nova watching her now, she just wanted to finish this so she could… So she could LITERALLY finish this!

“And, if you put your hands too far forward, that will block the flow too,” Shelby said. “So, don’t do that, and make sure you pee fast, and— And… That’s all, okay? That’s how it works, you can try, after I’m— After I’ve—“ She got back into the correct position and relaxed, finally letting her bladder continue draining all the way out. “Haaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh….” she moaned.

Nova stepped back a bit now. The visual portion of the lesson was finished, she didn’t have to watch so closely as her friend relieved herself. Her own bladder pinched away as it listened to those pleasured noises Shelby wouldn’t stop making. Nova crossed her legs and hoped Shelby was nearly done… Her eyes darted off of her for a second, then landed back onto Shelby’s face, her eyes were glazed over, her brow totally relaxed, her mouth hanging open…

It was cute…

Nova blushed hard at the thought. She thought the face Emmett made when he peed was adorable, she had ever since the first time she’d seen it. Now, Nova was realizing how similar the twins’ faces were, both had green eyes, both had rounded noses, the general shape and structure of their faces were nearly identical, too… So, of course, if Nova thought Emmett’s expressions while peeing were cute, then it stood to reason that Shelby’s relief-face would be cute, too. They were exactly the same look. Like, literally the exact same expression.

It was sort of interesting that they’d both make identical faces while peeing… The twins were such opposites in so many ways, it was funny that THIS was a way in which they matched so perfectly…

“And…” Shelby panted out, breathless from all her moaning. “This is the hardest part, when… When you’re almost done, you REALLY have to push to make sure nothing gets left on your legs…” she grunted as the final trickle of her pee seeped out. “Ahhh…” she sighed again. “Better…” she pulled her pants back up, zipped them. “Heh, what are you smiling about?”

Nova froze. ‘The fact that you and your brother make the same face when you pee,’ probably wasn’t a good answer… “I just… That’s so cool,” she said.

“Thanks,” Shelby said. “Sooo… That’s how you do it. Like I said, you should try it in the tub first, and take everything off below the waist, just in case it doesn’t work right. And, since you need something to aim at, try to hit the drain.”

Nova climbed into the bathtub. She removed her skirt, underwear and socks and put them on the towel hook. Then she faced in the direction of the drain and positioned her hands. She… Thought she had them in around the same area Shelby’s hands had been. She thought back to when she’d looked at herself with the mirror, at the placement of her urethra. She THOUGHT she had this just about right…

She told herself to relax and pee, but nothing happened. She still felt the need to let it flow, her bladder was still uncomfortable and heavy in her core, but now that she wanted to start peeing, it wouldn’t come out. Her body seemed to be saying ‘Wait, what? This is NOT how we do this!’

This felt… Weird. So weird. A little voice in her head was still telling her that this was impossible, even though she’d just seen evidence to the contrary with her own two eyes. And, she’d never peed while in the shower before in her life. Even if she suddenly needed to go while she was in there, she would hold it until after she’d gotten back out.

She wondered if it might be easier to do this if the water was actually on… Maybe feeling something warm and wet hitting her body would prompt her body to do what it had to do…

“Nova?” Shelby called from the other side of the shower curtain. “Are you okay? If you’re not ready to try this, you don’t have to.”

“No, I wanna try,” Nova said. “But, I can’t go. It feels weird.”

“Oh.” It had been hard for Shelby to tell herself to pee the first few times she stood up, too. “How about I turn the sink on? Would that help?”

“Maybe…”

“Alright,” Shelby said.

And a second later, Nova heard a stream of liquid gushing away into the sink. Her bladder crunched down on itself, twisting and turning. Her first instinct after being hit with such a massive wave of pressure while NOT sitting on a toilet seat, was to cross her legs tight and plead with her bladder to hold on. She actually had to STOP herself from doing that, had to FORCE herself to allow nature to take its course.

First, Nova felt a major shift of the weight inside her, then an immense and wonderful drop in the hot, stinging pressure between her legs. At last, there was the warm flowing rush of her bladder starting to empty itself. She jumped, squealed quietly, expecting that in a few seconds she was going to feel hot liquid streaming down her legs and over her feet as her pee just went straight down.

But, it wasn’t going straight down, it was going up and out, just as Shelby’s stream had done. She was peeing a few inches away from the drain, and shifted her feet slightly so that it was now landing inside of it instead. Nova watched her own clear stream jetting out in total amazement, she couldn’t believe she was actually doing it, that her legs were staying dry, that her urine was going exactly where she told it to.

Nova released a breath from her lungs she hadn’t realized she’d been holding, and along with it about twenty pounds of tension floated off of her body. It was immediately replaced by massive amounts of relief as it hit her EXACTLY how bad she’d been needing to let this out. “Ahhhh….” she panted. “That’s… I can actually control it!” she called out, still stunned.

“Told you,” Shelby said. “Pretty cool, right?”

“Y—Yeah,” Nova said. “It’s—“

There was a knock on the door of the restroom, and Nova’s stream abruptly stopped. ‘This is NOT what you’re supposed to do,’ a voice in her head scolded her, followed by a flurry of unpleasant thoughts. ‘You’re not supposed to pee standing up. You’re not supposed to pee in the shower. You’re definitely not supposed to pee in someone else’s shower, or watch your friend pee standing up. What are you doing? You’re so weird! Stop it!’

Nova hadn’t gotten close to emptying her bladder, and now she ached with the need to finish. But, after hearing the knock, even the sound of the faucet wasn’t enough to get her to relax again.

“Ummm… Shelby?” Emmett called. “Dad came home. He’s in the shower and he needs more shampoo… Is there any in there?”

“Tell him to wait,” Shelby shouted back.

“Um…” Emmett hesitated. “Well… Actually… I, uh… Also, I need to… To pee… Are you almost—“

“Ugh, fine…” Shelby huffed. She lowered her voice. “Uh… Nova, run the water in the tub for a couple seconds and come out.”

‘But, I’m not finished!’ Nova wanted to protest. She was STILL trying to get her bladder to unclench and release the remainder of her urine, but it was continuing to refuse. She forced herself not to complain. Now that her boyfriend was on the other side of that door, the odds of her convincing her body to relax enough that she’d be able to pee, standing up, into a shower drain were probably even less than zero.

She could… She could hold the rest for a bit, she decided. She flicked the tub on in order to wash away any puddles left behind, and heard Emmett moan at the noise.

“Ohhhh, come on!” Emmett whined. “I thought you said you were gonna let me—“

“I am,” Shelby said. “Just hang on.”

“I’m TRYING but it’s really hard when you’re RUNNING THE FAUCETS so much!”

“You want me to be clean, don’t you?”

Nova quickly shut the water back off as she listened to them bicker. Emmett didn’t deserve being made to hold it just because she wanted to… do this weird thing. She hurriedly put her clothes back on and stepped out of the tub. Something about her foot hitting the cold tile floor— even through her sock— sent a tight ripple of need up her leg to wrap itself firmly around her bladder. She looked at the toilet for a second, her body begging her to USE it. She’d sat on a toilet and peed IN FRONT of Emmett once before when it was an emergency. If she could do THAT, she could definitely finish up in the toilet with him on the other side of a door…

He knocked again, “Shelby, please? You saw the size of that soda I had at the movie!”

Nova made herself turn away from the toilet. She could hold on until he was done, at least. She’d gotten SOME of her burden out, and he hadn’t peed at all. It was only fair to let him go now.

“Alright already!” Shelby groaned as she flung open the door. “Sheesh! You act like I’ve been making you hold it for days!”

Emmett had been about to rush in, but he stood in the doorway and stared. “Um… You were in here together…?” he asked. “

“Yeah,” Shelby said.

“What were—“

“I thought you had to pee SO bad?” Shelby interrupted. “If you don’t go, I’ll just shut the door again, so—“

“I do, I do!” Emmett said, hurrying past her.   Nova followed Shelby out and shut the door so Emmett could have privacy. She heard him frantically unzipping and the distinct trickle of his stream a second later. “Ahh…” he sighed.

Nova flinched at all the noises. She still needed to go! Her bladder was angry and thrashing after having its relief interrupted like that. She’d never had her body just… Stop peeing like that before. Usually, once she’d started, she’d finish. It hurt so bad to have something startle her into shutting down again. She lingered by the door, tapping her feet anxiously.

“You… Did you not finish?” Shelby asked.

Nova shook her head. “When he knocked, it freaked me out, and then I couldn’t keep going because… It was embarrassing with him there. I don’t know…”

“You can finish when he’s done,” Shelby shrugged. “It’ll only be, like, five minutes. Takes him longer to wash his hands after than it takes him to pee… Which is saying a lot because I’ve seen him pee for a real long time before, and—“

“Shelby, you aren’t helping…” Nova said as she turned in tiny circles, her hands clenching into fists at her sides.

“Sorry…”

Nova heard the toilet flush and squatted down slightly against her will. “Ah— Oh my God…” she groaned, hands going to clutch at her groin tightly. ‘Jeez, second time today I’m about to wet myself…’ she thought miserably. ‘All because I had to be a weirdo.’

She heard Emmett flick the faucet on and jiggled urgently as she listened to him wash his hands. Nova was, by far, the most accommodating person when it came to Emmett’s contamination anxiety and related compulsions. She understood that he couldn’t help it if some faulty area of his brain decided to tell him he had to scrub his hands for two minutes every time he peed, but… She REALLY wished he’d hurry it up this time!

Finally, he opened the door. He was carrying a bottle of shampoo, so Nova supposed he’d been telling the truth about needing to get some for his Dad. He was still looking at her and Shelby oddly though. “Um… What were you guys doing in here?”

“We were hiding live cockroaches in your body wash,” Shelby answered. “You ruined the surprise.”

“We weren’t,” Nova said. “Promise. Besides, I think they’d die inside the bottle anyway, so—“

“Shelby…” Emmett sighed, walking past her towards their Dad’s room.

Nova went back into the restroom and locked the door. She looked at the toilet, her straining bladder nearly making her leak at the very sight of it. She was about to pull down her panties and sit, when she stopped.

It had been so easy to aim her stream in the tub…

But… No. If something went wrong, she’d make a huge mess in someone else’s house!

She’d just… Try for a second. If it didn’t work, she’d just jump into the tub and let it finish there. She lifted the lid and seat of the toilet, then pulled down her skirt and underwear, letting them fall to her ankles. Next, she positioned her hands, pulled them upwards and…

HSSSSSSSSS!

Peed hard, her stream slammed into the bowl and rippled against the water. For some reason, when small bubbles appeared on the surface of the water, she was fascinated by them. It was interesting how the water reacted to her urine, having never been able to actually watch it come out like this before. The relief she’d been craving returned to her, feeling even better than it had before. “Ahhh…”

Several seconds later, she felt that she was almost empty, and she remembered what Shelby had said about how difficult it could be to finish. She pushed as hard as she could, but the final drizzle of her pee still rolled down her inner thigh…

She wiped it off with some toilet paper, then realized she needed to wipe off the rim of the bowl a little bit too. Some of her urine had spattered as it had landed in the bowl.

She pulled up her clothes, flushed the toilet, and took a step back. That had been… Really, really fun.

But, it was also so weird. She understood now how desperate Shelby must have been at the movie theater to do that when someone she knew could easily notice. Nova could name a TON of people that she’d just DIE if they ever found out she could do this— That she LIKED doing it!

If her Dad found out, what would he say? He was pretty strict, had a bit of a ‘this is the way things should be, so this is how they WILL be’ sort of mindset. His daughter peeing like a boy probably wouldn’t mesh well with it.

And her Mom… She’d always wanted more of a girly-girl daughter that she could dress up. While she didn’t get angry at Nova for liking tough ‘boyish’ things like dressing in camouflage, watching zombie movies or keeping pet bugs, Nova could still feel her disappointment every time she failed to get excited over dresses or make-up. She didn’t think Mom would be MAD if she found out about Nova’s new talent, but it would be really awkward between them for a long time.

Mostly, she was worried what Emmett would think. Shelby had already SAID he thought this was weird. And, when Nova had told him she thought he looked really cute while he was peeing, he hadn’t been… Upset or disgusted by it, but it was obvious how unsure the idea made him feel, that he had no idea what to make of it. If he knew she’d just discovered how fun it is to play around with her own stream, she was sure those feelings would grow.

Nova decided she could keep this just between her and Shelby for now. Just their own little secret.

***

Keeping it a secret was easy for a while. Nova would sit to pee at school and in other public places, then stand up to go when she was at home and had the door locked. It became a game to see how far away from the toilet she could stand and still hit the target. There were a few times that she needed to wipe off the floor really quickly and hope that she didn’t leave anything behind, but that wasn’t a big deal. The closest she came to getting caught was a day where she forgot to put the seat down— But, of course, her Mom jumped straight to yelling at her Dad about that.

Nova wasn’t sure WHY this was so fun for her. She had always had an interest in psychology and how the brain worked, so she couldn’t stop thinking there must have been a deeper reason for anything a person did. When she was ten and asked for psychology books for Christmas, her parents had been a little confused. (“What kind of kid asks for therapy textbooks for Christmas?!”) but they’d gotten the books for her anyway. Some of them were super, super old and the stuff in them was considered out-of-date. Like, one guy a long time ago said that all girls had an inherent desire for a penis and that any emotional problems could be traced back to not resolving those feelings.

Nova doubted that was why she enjoyed peeing this way. She sure didn’t LIKE the idea of waking up one day and suddenly having a dick. She knew she’d been a little… weirdly fascinated by pee ever since she realized that Emmett was ridiculously adorable whenever he was urinating, so maybe that was why. She just had that… thing— whatever it was— about pee, and this was a new way to explore it.

Whatever the reason, Nova was able to keep her new ‘hobby’ a secret from everyone until the day of a big school field trip. They were going to hike to the top of a big nature trail all day, spend the night camping there, and then head back down the next day. They were given a list of things to bring with them on the trip, and the most important thing was to carry plenty of water.

Nova listened and kept herself hydrated as they started up the trail. So did Shelby and Emmett. The three stayed towards the back of the group so they could talk to each other. Before long, all three of them really needed a bathroom break. And they weren’t the only ones, most of their grade was complaining of desperation.

Their teacher, at the front of the group, assured them that there were numerous rest areas along the trail where everyone would be able to pee. But, the longer they walked with no sign of one, the less confident Nova felt in her ability to wait. She’d had way more water than either of her friends had, thanks to recalling something her Dad had said about how it’s good to load up on water right at the START of exercising to condition oneself better.

Too bad he hadn’t mentioned how difficult exercising was going to get once that water had decided it was time to come OUT.

Walking with a full bladder was a nightmare even on a flat terrain, but when she had to look out for fallen branches and sudden dips in the path, had to keep adjusting the placement of her feet and hop over things, it was even worse. She couldn’t take those slow, careful steps that her bladder was asking for because she didn’t want to get TOO far behind all the others. But, moving too fast made her opening sear and spasm twitchily.

She wanted to hold herself, but someone might notice and make fun of her. She wanted to dart behind a bush and squat down to let it flow, but someone could easily notice that too, AND she could be left behind. Most of all, she wanted to hide behind a tree and blast her piss against it as hard as she possibly could, standing up. But, someone would DEFINITELY notice if she did THAT.

Nova had peed outside only once before. She lived in the suburbs, after all. It wasn’t often she needed to turn nature into a toilet. But, one night she’d been catching fireflies in the park and when she realized she needed a toilet break, she found the bathroom had been locked up since it was after-hours. No one was around, so she found a big, concealing bush and did what she’d needed to do. It hadn’t been too terrible letting go outdoors, she’d just squatted down low to the ground and relaxed. The only problem was that she accidentally sprayed one of her socks a tiny bit.

But, now she didn’t HAVE to squat, she could control where her pee went and her sock would be FINE this time. If she was alone now like she’d been that night in the park, she would be watering a tree by now for sure!

But, she wasn’t alone. So, she had to hold it. Hold it, hold it, hold it…

 Ah! She couldn’t hold it!

With a horrific, earthquaking spasm from within her bladder, Nova cupped herself tightly, but to no avail. A strangled, aching jet of pee burst past all her clenching, warming her underwear before starting to trickle down her leg. No, no, no… She was losing it, she was losing it, ah—

The unmistakable heated dampness sent a ripple of shock and need through her body that was powerful enough to squeeze out another spurt. Ohhh—

She came to a sudden, dead stop, thankful that she was at the very back of the group. She had to… Just… Get a little out. A little bit, so that she could keep walking. How— She reached beneath her skirt, tugged her panties over a bit so that they were hopefully out of the way and her pee would just flow through part of one of the leg holes. Fighting a horrified, pained groan, she spread her feet just a little and allowed her muscles to partially relax.

Hsss….

Pee dribbled into the dirt below her.

‘Oh my God…’ Nova thought. ‘What am I doing?’ She couldn’t help herself as she let her pee slowly trickle downwards, she didn’t feel her underwear heating, so she knew she was missing them now, her legs remained dry… She fought as hard as she could for control, straining to withhold the immense flood with all her strength. She continued to let go of the tiny gushes and trickles that wanted so badly to turn into the spray she was struggling to hold onto. She bit back an intense noise as a more ferocious stream escaped and splashed the dirt between her legs.

Drip, drop, drip, drop… Down, down into the dirt.

She was peeing— She was having an accident— But at least none of it was ending up on her or her clothes. Her underwear was dry, her skin was was devoid of urine. No one would be able to tell. There was a tiny sensation of relief as some of the pressure dissipated from her body, and she nearly moaned. Hesitantly, she relaxed further. If she could get enough out, just a little more, then she could make it to the rest area without exploding for sure…

The torrent that gushed from her during the next half-second was well beyond ‘just a little more’. With the slow easing of her holding muscles, her bladder burst with a loud hiss, startling her as now she WAS getting her underwear a little damp again. Too much, she was going too much— Ahhhh, but it felt so good, though! It felt so, so—

Shelby looked back over her shoulder, “Nova?” she called. “Keep up! Don’t want you to get lost!”

It was the threat of total and complete public humiliation that made Nova find the strength to stop peeing. She clamped her muscles down hard, the flow ceasing immediately as she crossed her legs and clutched herself with both hands as hard as she could. It was Hell to stop in the middle like that— And the memory of stopping herself midstream the day Shelby had taught her how to stand came flooding back to her. It had hurt a lot that day, but today it was TORTURE. She was still dying to pee, still needed to let it out so, so badly, still so beyond full…

Shelby, whom Nova now saw had a hand wedged between her thighs, stumbled back towards her. “Come on…” she said, helping her along. “I know… You need to go real bad. So do I. Just hold on.”

If she noticed the little puddle beneath where Nova was standing, Shelby didn’t say anything. They caught back up to the group, and Nova now saw how bad off Emmett was as well. He had his hands shoved in his pockets, but she could tell he’d only done that in order to discreetly grab at his crotch through the material. “H—How much further…?” he asked.

Nova knew he was asking her, because she was usually the one to save him or keep him calm when something was upsetting him, but she didn’t know how close they were to a rest area either, and she was having a hard time looking at him after what she’d just done… She’d just… Deliberately… Let herself pee on the ground where anyone could see. And without even pulling her panties down first, just tugging them to the side and hoping for the best… She felt clammy dampness between her thighs, and was disgusted with herself.

“I… I don’t know,” Nova told him. “Hopefully really close.”

Emmett was looking at her now with those big, watery eyes that always made her heart melt, made her want to wrap him up in a blanket and cuddle him forever… “I… Um… I really…”

“It’s alright…” Nova tried to assure. But, how could she tell him that after what her own desperation had just driven HER to do?!

Half an hour of pained, urgent walking later, they arrived at a rest stop. And Nova and Shelby discovered one of the bad things about walking BEHIND everyone else; It meant they ended up being last in line for the toilets they needed so much. And, since everybody ahead of them was just as desperate as they were, that meant they were in for a longer wait.

“I hate this…” Shelby mumbled to herself as she jumped in place. “I hate this, I hate this…” There was a really long line for the guys’ bathroom too this time, but it was moving much more quickly. She saw her brother at the end of it, crossing his legs and doubling over. She was actually pretty shocked to see him there, she had no doubt the toilets here were absolutely revolting. She’d expected him to insist he could hold it until they left tomorrow, or choose some other ridiculous decision that only Emmett would make. But, apparently he was actually going to pee here.

If Shelby didn’t have to piss so bad, maybe she’d go over and congratulate him for being rational for once in his life…

Whatever. She’d give him a gold star later, or something.

Nova stood behind Shelby, she lowered her voice to a whisper. “I… I don’t think I can make it…”

“You can,” Shelby said. “You’re strong… You’re… Nnnh,” she grumbled out. “I gotta go sooo bad…”

The line crawled forward, as each girl ahead of them was carrying a bladder full enough to need at least forty-five whole seconds to empty out all the way. Nova was surprised no one had had an accident. Once she was close enough to hear the toilets flushing, she folded over almost in half and moaned as loud as she could. She couldn’t hold it, she couldn’t hold it, she couldn’t…

Ahhh, she was surrounded by trees! She could pee on them so easily! But, someone would SEE, and they’d think she was weird, they’d think she was a freak, they’d—

Finally, she and Shelby were next in line. Please, please, just a few more seconds… And, Nova discovered one cause of the problem was the fact that there were only three stalls in here. When two of them opened up, breathless girls departing from them to wash their hands, Nova and Shelby rushed for them frantically.

Shelby fumbled her zipper down, a squirt of pee escaping her immediately. She should just stand, go through the zipper, there wasn’t time to—

She could hear the girls at the sink talking, voices she recognized from several of her classes. She heard the third stall open as one girl came out and another rushed in.

She had to sit.

She yanked her pants down as fast as possible and collapsed onto the toilet, breathing heavily as she gave up fighting and let go. Pee gushed into the bowl as she unleashed a spectacular flood.

In the other stall, Nova yanked down her underwear and sat on the bowl, instantly unleashing a deluge that left her trembling. “Haaahhhh….” Her grunts of pain turned into moans of immense relief. She peed and peed until the heavy, rough swell in her middle drained out and her stomach became flat once more.

She stood, flushed and left the stall.

A few minutes later, Emmett rushed up to her when he saw her leave the restroom. “Nova, Nova!” he cried out in an urgent, hissing whisper.

Nova looked him over, and it was obvious that his bladder was still full… “Emmett, are you—“

“The bathroom here is… I can’t go in it, I just can’t. I’m sorry, I—“

Nova put a hand up to stop him. “It’s… Okay. You do need to face your fears, th—“

“Can I please not face them when I’m already about to wet myself?” Emmett interrupted.

“Alright, not today… But, you need to go…”

“Yes,” Emmett nodded frantically. “Gonna…” he lowered his voice until it was even softer than before. “Gonna use a tree… Stand guard for me? Please? Y—You can even watch!”

Nova blushed hard. She… Would NOT object to seeing him make that cute face again… “O—Of course, Emmett… It’s okay…”

So, Nova took Emmett behind several trees, away from the view of any of their classmates or teachers. She watched as he hurried to unzip and immediately let his stream flow against a tree, so easily…

Nova COULD have peed on this tree, too. She could have done that rather than wait in that long line and nearly have an accident.

She could have, if only she hadn’t been so scared of someone noticing… Someone judging…

“Haaahhhh…” Emmett breathed out, breaking her from her thoughts. “Th—Thank you…”

Nova’s face reddened at the sweet smile on his lips, at the way his chest heaved up and down while all that tension left him… She wanted to HUG him from behind while he continued on looking so ridiculously lovable, but she didn’t think he’d like to be touched while he relieved himself.

Soon, the class was back on the main trail again.

And a few painful hours later, Nova realized that when her teachers had said there would be ‘a few’ rest stops along the trail, they should have said ‘one at the halfway point, and one at the end near the campsite.’ And of course, this correction wasn’t made until she really and several of her classmates REALLY had to pee again.

Her bladder was already exhausted and irritated after what had happened earlier in the day, another to-the-limit hold so soon was the LAST thing it wanted right now. But, it was clear as could be that that WAS what it would be getting, anyway. Her breaths came in choppy, panicked gasps as alarm grew in her chest; she’d only BARELY made it to the half-way point and, in order to accomplish that, she’d had to… To pause for a bit and let quite a bit out into the dirt. She’d gotten lucky that time, no one had noticed what she was doing as she froze at the end of the line and hesitantly allowed her bladder to trickle. She was doubtful she could get that lucky two times in one day. No matter how bad her urge got, she couldn’t allow herself to act on such animalistic instincts again, couldn’t risk letting herself get caught doing it.

So, when she learned she wouldn’t be seeing a toilet until they made it to the campsite, horror grew within her as she realized she was going to have to hold her exhausted, worn out and tired bladder for several more hours, without so much as a brief respite.

Nova didn’t know if she could do that…

Her friends— and the people ahead of them in the group— didn’t seem to be fairing that much better. Nova saw quite a few of her classmates pause and bend over slightly, a few of the guys would palm at the crotch of their pants. Some of the girls had a bounce in their steps that hadn’t been there before.

“You heard what they said at the start too, right?” Shelby asked, irritated as she tugged nervously at the waistband of her pants. “They said there would be a FEW rest-stops, right? I didn’t imagine that?”

“Th—They definitely did say there would be multiple,” Nova agreed. That was why she’d stupidly allowed herself to drink so much. That and the sort of graphic warnings about dehydration she’d listened to before they began to walk. Now, she thought she might have preferred passing out after not drinking enough water. Anything had to be better than what she was feeling now.

Emmett didn’t seem any better off than she was, which both surprised and interested her. She’d seen him pee a whole lot at their last rest-stop, was he that full again? Or was his bladder just sore, like her own was? “I think the worst part is how there’s tree everywhere…” he said. “If I wasn’t worried about getting lost with everyone else still walking, I’d…” he blushed hard.

“I would, too,” Shelby said. “I feel like I could flood one of them so much right now that it wouldn’t need water for another year.”

Emmett flinched, “Shelby…”

Nova bit her tongue. She’d been about to agree with them and say how much SHE wouldn’t mind peeing on a tree, but it really looked like Emmett didn’t want to hear her say that. “I… Uh… Shouldn’t have drank so much water. It was too much…” she said instead.

***

It took a very long time for them to finally reach the top of the trail. The sky had begun to turn orange with the setting sun, and it would have been a very nice view if Nova had actually been able to focus on it. She couldn’t though. All she could focus on was the unfathomably pressure in her bladder and the revolting shame in her chest every time she felt her underwear squish between her thighs.

Yes, she hadn’t been able to make it to the finish line without another huge leak. And, this time she’d been so scared of being caught that she hadn’t parted her legs and moved her panties out of the way like she’d done the first time. Instead, she’d just forced herself to keep walking as little gushes of pee forced their ways past her trembling holding muscles and warmed her clothing. She was eventually able to stop it, but the clammy feeling down below told her that she’d lost control for way longer than was acceptable.

‘You’re probably not the only one that peed in their clothes a little,’ Nova told herself. ‘Everybody else is holding it too. I bet lots of them leaked.’ She looked at the back of Shelby’s pants and saw just a small dark spot, confirming that her friend must have had a momentary lapse in control at some point too. She was about to look at Emmett’s crotch and see if he’d gotten wet at all, but stopped when she finally saw the rest-area she’d been dying for.

Yet again, she and Shelby had the bad luck of getting stuck almost at the very end of the line.

“Ughhh, come on!” Shelby complained. “I’ve been holding it forever!”

Nova bounced beside her, and kept looking at all the trees. Ohhh, if only she wasn’t so scared! She just wanted to use one! She’d feel so much better!

But, someone could see… If one of the meaner girls in her class saw her do that, she’d never hear the end of it. If a teacher saw, she’d probably be in lots of trouble. If Emmett saw her do it…

Where was Emmett, anyway?

She looked up and down the line for the men’s room— Which she KNEW he really had to use— but didn’t see him. She looked around some more, and spotted him anxiously leaning against a tree with his legs crossed as he bounced up and down.

‘Probably figures this bathroom’s as gross as the last one was…’ Nova figured. ‘Doesn’t wanna use it.’ She bent at the knees and put her hands between her legs again, grimacing at the damp feeling of her underwear. She flinched more when she felt new warmth seeping into them.

She hadn’t even felt that leak coming.

‘I’m not gonna make it…’ Nova thought miserably. ‘No. No. You will! Be strong. Be strong. Be strong…’ She looked back towards Emmett. ‘And, he’s probably waiting for you to use the toilet so he can ask you to keep watch again. So, you CAN’T pee yourself, he needs your help still.’

Nova gritted her teeth hard, tensed all her muscles and, to her dismay, another pulse of pee pumped its way right out of her anyway. ‘Ahhh… No. I can’t… YOU CAN. YOU CAN HOLD IT. JUST HOLD IT. JUST—‘ Nova noticed Emmett suddenly go very pale. A dark patch bloomed over his crotch. A flash of panic went across his face as he grabbed himself.

‘Gah, now you’re both gonna pee yourselves,’ Nova thought. Without really thinking about it, Nova stepped out of the line.

“Wh—What are you doing?” Shelby asked. Against her own will, she looked down, expecting to see pee gushing between her friend’s legs as she lost control of her bladder.

“Y—Your brother won’t use the toilets here,” Nova said. “Gonna go keep watch while he uses a tree.”

Shelby sighed at that news. She wasn’t going to be giving him a gold star anymore. “But, you—“

“There’s no way I’m gonna make it through the line,” Nova said. “At least this way, only one of us is gonna wet themselves.” She stumbled over to where Emmett was waiting. “I—If you need me to keep watch agai—“

“Don’t you still need to—“

“It’s fine,” Nova promised. “Come on, let’s find you a good spot.”

It only took about a minute to find a brush-filled area far enough away from everyone else for Emmett to relieve himself undisturbed. “Th—Thank you…” he said. “I just… I can’t use the toilets here. I’m sorry.”

“I—It’s fine…” Nova assured. She was still crossing her legs, still holding herself. Still TRYING to keep her pee inside her body even though she’d just said a few minutes ago that she knew it was a lost cause. She’d admitted defeat already, accepted that an accident was inevitable, but still couldn’t stop putting forth the effort to prevent it. “H—Hey, you’re going on a trip where you’re gonna sleep in a tent, on the ground, with nowhere to shower before bed. That’s a big enough step. Y—You don’t need to try to do ev—everything at once.”

Emmett smiled at her. “Thanks…” he repeated. He unzipped, his stream coming out right away, along with one of his usual, cute sighs.   Even with her bladder begging her not to, screaming at her that this was the last thing she should do when she needed to pee so badly, Nova watched as Emmett’s urine spattered against the bark of a tree. She watched his shoulders collapse and his back shake with relief.

He looked so adorable that way… It made her want to nuzzle him. It made her want to hug him so tight. It made her want to…

It made her want to PEE.

It made her want to PEE so bad!

Another jet of pee sprang from her bladder. Then another. And another. And another. And she couldn’t hold it. She couldn’t! And it was unfair, because SHE could use a tree just as well as he could, and there were trees everywhere, and she couldn’t HOLD it, and—

“Ah— I— Emmett, don’t look at me!” Nova whimpered out. She tugged her underwear down, let them fall around her ankles, she was about to crouch, but she was already going so much. It was beading down her legs, and she didn’t have time to try to squat, to find a way to position herself that wouldn’t get her wetter. She was already IN a position that could accomplish that if she would just—

“Don’t look, don’t look!” Nova repeated frantically, as she placed her hands and pulled up on her labia, her pee now arced forwards just like Emmett’s was, spattering against the tree and landing next to where his own stream was falling.

Emmett didn’t look at Nova, but he couldn’t help but look at the second jet of urine. “O… Oh…” he said after a moment, dimly. Somehow, seeing a second girl do this was less shocking than the first had been.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I couldn’t hold it, I’m sorry!” Nova kept repeating. She was so… So… She didn’t even know how to finish the thought. So sorry? So embarrassed? So ashamed? So fucking relieved that she could barely think?

“Did… Did Shelby teach you that?” Emmett asked. He was still facing ahead, not daring to look over AT Nova after she’d specifically begged him not to do it.

“Yeah…” Nova said. “I don’t know— I saw she could do it, and I got curious, and— I’m sorry…”

“It’s… Okay,” Emmett said. “You just… Couldn’t wait anymore… N—Not the first time we’ve peed together, either…”

“But, that time I wasn’t—“

“For some reason this isn’t as weird as when Shelby does it,” Emmett said. “I think when that happens I’m more freaked about because— you know— she’s my sister, and everything.”

So, that WAS the bigger concern he had? Not JUST that a girl was peeing like a boy, but that said girl was his sister?

Nova felt much better, so much better that she was more able to ENJOY releasing her full bladder now. “Ahhh…” She was still surprised by how much she’d lost control of herself there, breaking down and peeing, standing up, in front of the person she was MOST scared of doing that in front of. But, it looked like everything was going to work out just fine after all. He wasn’t upset with her, or repulsed, or uncomfortable. In fact, he still looked REALLY comfortable. He still had that sweet, little smile on his face he always got when he peed, the one that made him look so happy and at ease. Even with her right there and doing something that both of them knew was really strange.

Emmett finished first and zipped up, then he turned away. Nova was grateful he wasn’t watching. Even if this wasn’t bothering him to the extent she’d feared it would, she didn’t want him to look. When her pee wound down, she pushed down extra hard, and for the first time didn’t have the last little bit of it go down her leg.

Not that it made too much of a difference. Her panties were damp anyway from all the leaking. She wanted to change them… “O—Okay, you can turn around now,” she said.

Emmett did. “I’m sorry,” he said.

“Why are YOU sorry?”

“Because I’m sure that was really embarrassing,” Emmett tried to explain. “And, I know you wouldn’t have done that if you could help it, so your bladder must have been hurting, and—“

“I’M sorry,” Nova repeated. “That was… I shouldn’t have done that in front of you. It freaked you out.”

“It’s… Alright, I mean, I’m not going to pretend I don’t think it’s weird,” Emmett said. “For whatever reason it’s LESS weird the second time around, though. And, since you’re not related to me, and didn’t try to talk to me the whole time like Shelby does, it wasn’t SO awkward, and… I mean, I guess now if we get married, at least we won’t ever have to argue about putting the seat back down?”

Nova laughed, “Heh, yeah. That’s true.”

“But, wow… I don’t think Shelby’s even ever done that when our classmates are nearby,” Emmett said.

“I don’t think she has,” Nova agreed. “She’s probably too nervous to do that. I know I am… I’m glad you’re the only one that saw… And that you didn’t get mad about it.”

“Heh, I won’t get mad over this,” Emmett promised. “Don’t worry.”

