Gangle has to pee (The Amazing Digital Circus)

Author: SecretPerson

*000*2023-11-12 03:07

Spoiler warning: This story is a work of fanfiction for The Amazing Digital Circus. At the time of writing, only one episode of the show has been released. The story contains spoilers for that episode.

–

{{Quote

My tears come cold, I’m wondering why

I got out of bed at all

The morning rain clouds up my window

And I can’t see at all

–Thank you, Dido

}}

It was the only song she liked to listen to when her comedy mask was broken, and as such, it had become an honorary “fixing my comedy mask” theme song. Gangle turned the speaker up a little to drown out the sounds of Jax arguing with Zooble out in the hallway, shut the door to her room, and set the ceramic pieces down on her desk. She used to resent the time it took her to do the job, but after a few dozen repair sessions, it had occurred to her that there wasn’t anything much better she could be doing with her evenings. Sadness hurt less than anger anyway.

Upon request, Caine had provided her with a bottle of glue that stuck very well to the fractured slices of her happy face, and which, if left to dry overnight, would magically meld into the material and render the mask whole again, without a trace left behind to suggest it was ever broken. The label on the bottle branded it as BUBBLESNOT™; Gangle had taped over this with an index card and written “Glue”. She arranged the fragments into their correct positions in front of her, uncapped the bottle, turned it upside down…

…and immediately remembered that she needed to pee.

She’d sort of been wanting to go earlier that morning when Pomni had appeared, but the excitement of the day had kept her busy right up until the feast, and she’d decided to wait. At dinner, she’d drank more than her usual amount (which was none) maybe owing to all the time she’d spent chasing gloinks around. Now, it was catching up to her.

Her eyes flicked back and forth between the bottle in her hand and the pieces of mask on the desk. Getting up would be a whole hassle, especially with Jax around, but repairing her mask took concentration and a steady hand. She looked at the door. His voice could still be heard faintly over the music. Gangle really wished he’d stay in his wing of the corridor, but coming over here to argue with Zooble outside their room – and hence outside her room, since the two were neighbors – was a long-time habit of his, and one she didn’t think the rabbit would take kindly to being asked to kick. She gripped the glue bottle harder, used her ribbon hands to push the two largest pieces of mask together so their shared seam could receive the glue, and began squeezing.

When she got to the end of the seam, she looked back at the line of glue she’d made, and saw that it was noticeably wobbly. Her legs weren’t exactly straight, either; her left “foot” was curled inward, and the right one was swinging distractedly, making ripples in her leg. She put the bottle down. Maybe she would need to pee first after all.

Gangle stood up, paused the music that was playing on loop, and headed out into the hallway.

“…and that’s why– Oh, look, it’s Gangle. Hey, crybaby. Have a nice nap?”

Gangle didn’t respond. Responding to Jax was the worst thing to do when you wanted to be left alone.

“What, nothing?”

“Come on, lay off her,” Zooble admonished him.

“What? I’m just saying hi.”

“Tch. Anyway, I was saying…”

The conversation faded into the background as Gangle turned the corner, made her way down to the ground level, and walked over to the bathroom. She grasped the doorknob.

It was locked.

Gangle sighed internally, then sighed again externally. Her hands were too floppy to knock on a door and have it make a sound, and she wasn’t feeling up to calling out with her voice, so she just leaned against the wall, crossed her arms across her chest, and waited. Waiting for the bathroom was always the hardest part of needing to pee. The part where you’ve admitted to yourself that you need to go, and that the urge is strong enough that emptying your bladder should be the next task, but the world isn’t cooperating, and you’re forced to delay just a bit longer. Gangle looked up at the ceiling. She wished she knew how to whistle. It might help distract her from the discomfort.

“Hey Gangle. Are you waiting for the bathroom?”

It was Ragatha. Gangle nodded. She liked Ragatha.

“Is Jax taking forever again?”

“No, I, I saw him, up in the bedroom area, w-with Zooble…”

“Do you know who’s in there?”

“N-no…”

Ragatha looked around. “Well, Kinger went to bed an hour ago, so…” The pair looked at each other. The only other character it could be was Pomni. If the poor girl was feeling as good as she was earlier, there was every chance she was in there vomitting. Ragatha walked up to the door and knocked.

“Pomni? You in there?”

No response.

“Pomni? I know you’re probably not having a great time, but do you think you could finish up? Someone’s waiting out here.”

No response. Ragatha knocked again. Still nothing. She shrugged.

“This door has ended up locked when no one was in there once or twice before. Maybe you could find Caine and ask him to open it for you?”

“…”

Ragatha’s demeanor soured a bit. “And if that doesn’t work, you could try asking Jax! Because apparently we all found out that he’s” – she made rabbit ears on her head with her pointer fingers, and took a mocking tone of voice – “got keys everywhere! Maybe one of them is the key to the bathroom.”

“…okay…” Gangle said. A pair of teardrops fell from her ceramic cheeks, and two new ones appeared in their place.

“Anyway, good luck, Gangle. I’m heading to bed. Goodnight!”

Gangle watched her leave, and took a deep, forced inhale. Caine was never around when she looked for him, so it would have to be Jax. Her body didn’t want to stand still, but the last thing she wanted to do was end up writhing around like a desperate idiot in front of that smug bunny, so she summoned up her willpower, exhaled, and made her way back up to the living quarters.

When she turned the corner into the corridor, the first thing she saw was Jax himself coming the other way, having arrived back at the door to his own room just as she appeared.

“Ah, Gangle again!” Jax said. “There’s nothing more pleasant than running into you twice. How ya been? We talking again?”

Gangle put her hands together, glanced down at the ground, and then looked up at his face. “Do you have a key to the bathroom?” she asked.

Jax looked confused, but then his mouth spread open in a typical, face-consuming grin. He whipped a key out of nowhere. “Oh, you mean this?” he asked. “Sure I do. It’s right here.”

“Can I borrow it?”

“Whatsa matter? Gotta go?”

“Kinda…”

“Wellll, I dunno Gangle! You were pretty rude to me earlier. What did I ever do to deserve the silent treatment from you?”

“Well…” Gangle said. “You were kind of a jerk today… like when you threw a bowling ball at me and Kinger, or shoved–”

“Oh, come on!” Jax interrupted. “I only threw it at Kinger. And anyway, you’re bringing that up? Maybe you need to learn a thing or two about moving on. The past is the past! Can’t we all just get along?”

Gangle tapped her hands together nervously. The difficulty of not turning into that squirmy, desperate idiot was high and climbing. Her body was trembling imperceptibly. She shifted one of her feet across the carpet.

“So can I have the key?” she asked.

“Hmm…” Jax said, making an exaggerated gesture of deep thought with his thumb and forefinger. “On the one hand, I could give you my key, and just have to cross my fingers that I can trust you to give it back. On the other, I could keep it for myself… and send you to bed shivering and trembling like a madwoman!” He smirked at her. “I think I like option two.”

Okay, she had thought it was imperceptible. Maybe it was more obvious than she realized. She wondered if Ragatha had been able to tell how urgent it was.

“You could just unlock it for me, if you’re worried ab–”

“Nope!” Jax said. “Sorry, I’m tired of this conversation. I’m heading to bed.”

He opened the door to his room, turned back to smile at Gangle as he set the key down on top of his dresser, and shut the door behind him.

Gangle stared at his closed door, fighting back tears. She involuntarily crossed her legs, and put her hands to her face. A soft squeak escaped her. The urge to pee was mounting fast, and impossible to ignore. She was running out of ideas. Once she got control over her legs again, she hobbled out to the balcony and looked around to see if Caine was anywhere in sight.

“C-caine?” she called softly.

There was no answer.

“Caine?” she called again, almost managing to produce something above an indoor voice.

Still nothing. She thought about calling out again, maybe even louder this time, but the massive discomfort coming from within her body – that empty space inside her coil of ribbon – was seriously sucking the charisma out of her. Her feet were shifting constantly as she stood by the hole where Kaufmo’s abstracted form had plowed through the wall earlier that day. Her hands couldn’t stop moving. For the first time she could remember, sweat drops were accumulating on her mask alongside tears. Finally, she couldn’t take it. She dashed down the hallway to her room, seized the handle, ducked inside, and slammed the door behind her. It’s not like there was a bathroom in here either, but at least now she could be alone.

When the adrenaline died down, Gangle looked around the room tearfully. Her broken mask was still sitting on her desk. There was no chance of fixing it tonight. The art supplies would also have to wait for another day. Sometimes she liked to stay up late into the night drawing, but tonight wouldn’t be one of those nights. If she couldn’t get into the bathroom, there was really nothing left to do but go to sleep, and hope it would be unlocked in the morning. She slunk over to her bed, laid down in it, and pulled the covers over her body. Every now and then, she wished she had a body pillow to cuddle with. It might make the intrusive thoughts hurt just a little less… or in this case, make her urge to pee just a little less distracting. But she didn’t, so instead, she just laid there, wriggling and curling and whimpering, fighting back the ocean inside her as she waited for sleep to come.

–

Sleep came, but morning didn’t. When Gangle woke up again, she knew it was still the middle of the night. Her body woke her up not because it was time to get up, but because she was going to piss herself within the next 10 minutes if she didn’t do something fast. She winced, stared at the ceiling for a moment, and then slid out of bed and crept out the door to her room. Her bladder was making it hard to walk normally. She made her way down the stairs and across the floor to the bathroom again…

…only to find the door still locked, like before.

“%$#!” she said softly, the black box of censorship appearing over her mouth as she did. She looked over her shoulder. Nobody else seemed to be awake. She hobble-ran back up the stairs, but tripped on the top step, sending her flying face-first into the ground. She picked herself up, gangled over to Jax’s room, and paused outside the door. It wasn’t like her to do this… but desperate times called for desperate measures. She grabbed the handle, and, as gently as she could, pushed the door open.

The first thing she heard was Jax’s loud snoring, which gave her the confidence to creep further into the room, towards the dresser where the bathroom key still was. She looked over at Jax to make sure he wasn’t faking being asleep – he wasn’t – and reached out to grab the key, before hesitating again. It was so not like her. She really hated to be so intrusive… but there was no time to sit around internally debating it. The clock was ticking. She grabbed the key, crept back out of the room, and began slowling closing the door behind h–

“Gangle?”

“Deeh!”

It was Ragatha. She was standing out in the hall, hands on her hips, looking in confusion at the poor bursting ribbon.

“What are you doing?”

“Um, ah, I was just…” She trailed off.

“Were you sneaking into Jax’s room?”

Gangle put her hands together in front of her chest. Her legs were quivering and rubbing against one another. Anybody looking at her would know immediately that she had to pee. She looked to the side, and didn’t say anything.

“…is that the key to the bathroom? He actually had one?”

Gangle looked back and nodded.

“You still haven’t gotten to go?”

She shook her head.

Ragatha gazed at her, her expression softening from exasperation to empathy. She put her hand on Gangle’s shoulder.

“It’s all right,” Ragatha said. “I get it. Jax is a di… Jax can be a bit of a jerk sometimes. Go ahead and use the bathroom. I won’t tell anyone you snuck into his room. Just don’t do that again, okay? Respecting people’s personal spaces is important, even when you have every reason not to like them.”

Gangle nodded. She was barely listening. She didn’t have the mental capacity to. She could barely even move. It wasn’t until Ragatha raised her eyebrows at Gangle and gestured down the hall that she realized she was free to go. She dashed back down the stairs again and ran across the floor, almost slamming into the bathroom door when she reached it for the final time. Her hands were shaking so badly that she almost dropped the key. She juggled it for a second before regaining her grip on it, shoved it into the lock, and turned it…

…only to find it wouldn’t turn.

She tried turning it the other way. No dice. She slid it out and slid it back in. Nothing. It wouldn’t budge.

And that was when it hit her. Jax didn’t have a key to the bathroom. He was just being an asshole. This was just some random key he happened to have on him when she’d asked. It could be the key to her room, for all she knew. But it wasn’t going to help her here.

“Nhh,” Gangle whimpered. “Why…!?” She looked over her shoulder again, but this time, there was nothing to be done. Pee came spurting out from between her legs, slowly at first, then faster, as the poor girl’s overloaded bladder finally gave in and released its full days’ worth of piss onto the floor. Tears streamed down her mask, and blush lines appeared under her squeezed-shut eyes. The pee came for almost a minute before finally dying down.

Looking back on things later, Gangle’s least favorite part of her accident wasn’t the discomfort she felt during the lead-up or the panic of getting caught sneaking into Jax’s room. It wasn’t the awkwardness of having to soak her ribbons in the digital lake to get the pee smell out of them. It wasn’t even the embarrassment of losing control of herself right outside the bathroom door. And it certainly wasn’t having to explain the puddle on the floor to the others the next morning, because as a matter of fact, the puddle was gone by the time they all woke up, and she never had to explain anything.

It was seeing Bubble in an especially chipper mood the next day, his soapy body perhaps just a shade yellower than usual, and knowing exactly what had happened.

*004*2023-11-15 15:05

@Soulboy202

Thanks! I probably won't write stories about any of the other characters. I kind of latched onto Gangle when I first saw the pilot, and felt uniquely inspired to write an omo story about her specifically. That said, I'm not ruling it out.

