Vampire Woes

Author: secretomoact

*000*2021-04-17 05:08

Edythe loved the night. It was the only time she could do what she wanted. It was the only time Father and Mother let her out to play. During the day, she had to stay inside and rest, away from the sun that would render her into nothing. All her life, she’d only experienced the outside world in the cover of darkness, and for most of her life, that had meant she’d been very bored. Playgrounds and amusement parks would be closed by the time Edythe got to them, other children tucked away in bed.

Because, those children had all been human. Edythe was a vampire. Growing up, her days were filled with sleep, and nights filled mainly with being homsechooled by her Mother. She’d taught her all the basic things she’d need to know; reading, writing, math… But, most importantly Mother had taught Edythe that she needed to remain hidden. Humans feared vampires. Even ones as harmless as Edythe. Edythe did not want to feed off their blood. She fed only off animals, something she knew humans did themselves all the time. She wasn’t so different just because she couldn’t get a tan since the sun would destroy her, or apply make-up correctly because she couldn’t see her reflection.

But, while Edythe and her family meant people no harm, the mere fact that they existed at all was frightening. If anyone were to find out what Edythe was, people may try to hunt her and her family down.

It was easy to keep herself hidden when she was growing up, since she interacted with humans so infrequently. Everyone her age was asleep before she could leave her house. But, once she became an adult and was at last old enough to partake in the typical activities of the nightlife, it was harder. Suddenly, she had people to talk to, people that could see her. She trained herself to laugh and smile with her mouth shut to conceal her fangs, and to keep her upper lip pressed tight against her teeth whenever she spoke. Soon, it was easier, and all anyone saw when they looked at her was a regular young woman, who at the most was just unusually pale.

At night, she went to bars and clubs, she saw movies, she talked to people, she made friends. She was happy, and after a few months, stopped worrying herself about being caught.

But, one night, she was faced with a new challenge. She’d drank a couple cups of cow blood before going out that night, then headed to the bar. While she was only supposed to drink blood, partaking in other beverages while she was in bars helped her appear more normal. But, since her system was only really meant to process blood, this meant that anything else would just go straight through her. None of it was actually needed by her body, so all of it was cast out pretty quickly. So, what she usually did was get one drink and then steadily nurse it through the night, only taking occasional sips.

Tonight, though? Tonight she must have left her brain at home or something, because she’d downed multiple drinks. Multiple drinks all filtering through her much too efficient system. Why did she do that? She must have been hypnotized by the cute bartender, that was it. He just kept talking to her about all the drinks he knew how to make, and Edythe had been struck by the peculiar desire to keep him near her, so she kept asking for more and more, and now all those drinks were settled in her bladder. What an idiotic thing to do!

She glanced in the direction of the restrooms. She’d never actually been inside a public toilet before. It looked like they must have been popular places, though. Because one of the ones here had a really huge line in front of it. She’d only seen a line that big before outside of a dance club once. She wondered why that was. Maybe certain public restrooms had something extra exciting in them and that’s why so many were lined up in front of that one, but not the other?

She was curious about what might be in there that was so enticing to people, but she really, really needed to pee and that took priority. So, she’d go into the other restroom that didn’t have a line, even if that meant it probably wasn’t as fun. She stood from the bar, wincing as all the drinks inside her bladder rushed downward. It felt like she had to go ten times worse now than she had when she’d been sitting down. She hobbled on shaky legs towards the restroom that didn’t have a line and pushed the door open, breathing out a sigh of relief that all this liquid would be out of her soon. She’d get to sit down on a toilet and just relax.

“Hey, what are you doing in here?” A voice demanded.

Edythe looked up, confused. The room looked different than she’d expected. Instead of a toilet, bathtub and sink like the restroom at home, this one had a long row of sinks with several mirrors above them against one wall. Then, a row of cubes with doors on them against another. And a third row of weird things that looked kind of like sinks. The cute bartender was standing really close to one of the weird things, his face was super, super red.

For a second, Edythe was terrified. Were her fangs visible? Could he tell what she was? Was that why he was upset? He did look pretty freaked out…

He continued to speak to her, forcing a laugh, “Wr—Wrong one, miss.”

Edythe blinked slowly a few times. Wrong what? she wondered. The bartender was on the other side of the room, and after a few seconds her enhanced hearing picked up on the faint sound of something trickling from over there and she realized he was using that funny-sink-thing to do the same thing she was needing to do.

That was weird. How was he doing that with his clothes still up and everything? Her curiosity was piqued, but her bladder throbbed and reminded her of the task at hand. She couldn’t figure out how the bartender was going in that weird sink, and realized she needed to find a normal toilet. It looked like there weren’t any in here unless one was inside one of those door-cubes, and the bartender really seemed to want her to leave for some reason… So, she stepped back out.

She did a little dance in place as she looked at the line for the other restroom. She realized now that that line only had girls in it. So, maybe men and women were supposed to use different restrooms here? That wasn’t how it was at home, she and her Mother used the same toilet Father used. But, the rules outside and the rules inside were always different, it seemed.

After staring at the line for a few more seconds, Edythe came to the conclusion that these rules were unfair. The bartender was able to pee right away, but she had to wait in this really long line to do it? Why? She sighed and got in place in the back. Now that she had fewer things to feel curious about, her bladder seemed to be throbbing much more intensely. She couldn’t think of much else. She had to go, she had to go, she had to go!

She was rocking back and forth on her heels, jiggling on her toes, twisting one leg over the other, bouncing up and down… Nothing seemed to quell the urge. So many drinks were straining to get out, it almost felt like something in her was going to explode. She looked down and realized there was an urgent bump in her midsection. Not only did she feel like she was coming apart at the seams, she looked like it, too!

As the line moved forward very slowly, a couple drips slipped into her panties. Edythe kept squirming, her hands now pressed tightly into her skirt as she told herself she could hold it. She wished the bartender hadn’t made her leave the other room. She could have tried to pee in the weird sink. That would have at least been better than going in her clothes as she waited in this dumb line! She thought back to the other room and how confusing it had been. Where had the toilet been that she’d needed so much? Just those weird sinks, the door-cubes, the regular sinks, and the mirro—

The mirrors.

She didn’t show up in mirrors.

Everyone knew that vampires didn’t show up in mirrors.

If she was in front of one, and somebody noticed that her reflection wasn’t showing up, they’d know what she was. They’d hurt her. They’d hunt her and her family down!

She rapidly went back over her actions in that room. She’d only been in the doorway, and the bartender hadn’t even been looking towards the mirrors. She hadn’t messed up there. But, what if there were mirrors in this restroom, too? Could she get to the toilet without passing by them and risking someone noticing?

She really, really hoped so!

But, she particularly hoped she could get to the toilet at all before she had an accident. Her hands were pressing even more firmly against herself now. Even still, a spurt of liquid had seeped past her clenched hold. She felt the warmth trickling against her palms and whimpered.

A couple of the girls in front of her turned around at the sound. One of them gave her a sympathetic look. “Do you really have to go?”

Edythe nodded frantically. She couldn’t remember ever having to go this much! This was more than she’d ever held before and it was already coming out!

“You can go ahead of me, if you want,” the girl said, stepping aside.

Edythe looked at her gratefully and hobbled forward. “Th—Thank you,” she said.

“No problem,” the other girl told her. “Everybody’s been there before.”

Edythe continued to bob up and down in place, clutching herself for all she was worth. Soon, the line had moved forward enough she could actually enter the restroom. She’d thought that meant she’d be able to use the toilet finally, but no. There was still more of the line inside.

This restroom was different than the one the bartender had been in. There weren’t any funny sinks, and there were a couple more door cubes. Girls were jiggling and twisting their legs as they stared eagerly at these doors. There were some gaps at the bottoms of the door cubes, and Edythe looked at them. She could see the bottoms of toilets and girls shoes as they seated themselves upon them. She could also hear what was almost a symphony of streams hissing into the bowls.

She cursed her enhanced hearing ability. She could hear every trickle, every drop, every bit of relief the girls in those cubes were getting as they did the thing she was absolutely dying to do.

But, having to listen to that wasn’t even the worst part!

The worst part was that there were mirrors here! And, they were directly across from all the door-cubes. There was no way Edythe could get inside of one without passing a mirror, and there were so many people in here, one of them was bound to notice that her reflection was absent.

If she tried to get to one of those toilets, she’d be found out. Her whole family would be in terrible danger, then.

She couldn’t do that to them.

She bolted from the line, and dashed through the bar out onto the street. Then, she realized what she’d done. She’d saved herself from the potential of being found out, sure, but she’d also given up her only hope of relief, and her bladder was shrieking with a sick frenzy. It wasn’t going to hold all this much longer. This was way more liquid than she’d ever had inside her all at once, and her muscles were losing strength fast. Drips and trickles were beginning to slowly trail down her legs.

What could she do? What could she do?

She could… Change herself into a bat and fly back home! Yeah, she’d go somewhere secluded where nobody would see her, transform, and… No. No, that was an awful idea. When she turned herself into a bat, she’d get smaller. Everything would get smaller. Including her bladder.

She’d already made the mistake of transforming when she’d sort of needed to pee once before, and even that had been too much for her smaller form to hold. Now, when she was so desperate her fangs were floating, if she transformed she’d have an accident immediately.

She’d learned during that previous experience, that once she changed back, the evidence of her wetting would be visible on her clothing. Plus, since she was still learning how to transform, she was only able to remain in her bat-form for a few minutes at a time anyway. She’d lose control of her bladder, and then return to her normal body covered in urine. That wouldn’t work!

Was there somewhere she could go out here? Maybe she could pee in something that wasn’t a toilet. Was that something you could do? It must have been, toilets haven’t been around forever. What else could she use? She looked up and down the street, her eyes coming to rest on an alleyway. She hobbled over in that direction, losing more threads and dribbles into her panties as she went. Her hands still cupping herself for dear life, she examined the alleyway she now found herself in.

There was a pretty small trash can. It was low enough to the ground that she could probably sit on it pretty easily. Was that allowed? Her bladder didn’t seem to care if it was or not, it had given out the instant she’d first thought about it. She was peeing in earnest now. No longer just a few desperate leaks, but an uncontrollable gush that wouldn’t stop no matter how firmly she pressed her hands into herself. Her hands were rapidly becoming drenched, her panties soaked through. In an instant, she gave up. She tugged her panties to the ground as they grew damper and damper, then placed herself on top of the trash can as best she could.

It was a little hard to balance, and her feet didn’t quite touch the ground from where she was, but she didn’t have to hold her bladder anymore and that was enough to make it feel like Heaven. Since the can had been so empty, she didn’t have to worry about something gross touching her anywhere, but it also meant that her pee pouring against the metal was unfathomably loud. Even if her hearing hadn’t been as powerful as it was, she still would have been able to hear it practically echo.

She couldn’t bring herself to care about that, though; She was peeing. It felt like she’d been waiting for days to be able to do that. Her bladder began to slowly deflate, all that fullness and all that liquid spraying against the metal of the trash can with more force than she’d thought possible. “Ohhhhhh, yesssss….” She moaned, her mouth falling completely open as her eyes almost rolled back in her head.

After about a minute, Edythe was stunned that she was still going. She’d never had a pee last this long before. Part of her wondered if it was endless, but honestly, she didn’t think she’d mind if it never stopped. She’d never, ever felt this mind-numbingly good before. Finally, a few last streams pelted the metal below her, and she was empty. She stood up, realizing that there was nothing here she could use to wipe herself.

But, her panties were drenched anyway. It didn’t exactly matter. She had to go home and change either way. She pulled her underpants back up, wincing at the clammy, wet feeling of them between her thighs. She gave another sigh. At least that was over, and nobody had found out she was a vampire…

She started out of the alleyway, and bumped into the cute bartender from earlier. She froze. How long had he been out here? “O—Oh,” she stammered.

“Um… Hi,” he said. “I… Saw you running out of the bar, and thought maybe… Something had happened. I wanted to say that if you really had to go, you could use the men’s, but I guess you… Uh… Found somewhere else…”

Edythe felt her pale cheeks heat and assumed they were filling with color for the first time ever.

“I wasn’t, like, watching you…” He stuttered. “It’s just… I thought I saw… Um… Do… Do you have fangs?”

Edythe stared at him for a moment. She must have opened her mouth to wide at some point when she’d been moaning uncontrollably like that. He’d seen them. He’d seen her fangs. He knew. Could she deny it? Claim it was a trick of the light? Say he was a pervert for looking at her closely enough to even notice? “Uh… Yes,” she said, finally. The jig was up. She’d doomed her family all because she couldn’t hold her pee.

Instead of looking terrified, the bartender just smiled. “Cool,” he said. “I love body-mods. Who did that for you?”

Edythe was very confused. What were body-mods? Still, it sounded like he thought her fangs weren’t something she’d been born with and thus, he hadn’t figured out that she was a vampire. Crisis averted. “Um… I don’t remember?” she offered.

“Aw,” he frowned. “Well, if you do remember where you had that done, try and let me know, okay?”

“Sure.”

*003*2021-04-20 04:13

{{5 hours ago, Bismiris said:

Wonderful story. Do you plan on writing more?

}}

I may someday. Not sure at the moment. I do have a couple more ideas.

