Sam's little accident

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-05-26 18:03

Okay guys, this is only my second fiction piece... please enjoy :)

I wish this class would end. Why does she feel the need to ramble on and on about fucking algebra? I mean come on; who actually uses algebra in real life? Nobody, that’s who. So why is it fair for me to have to sit here and suffer this when there are much better things I could be doing; like going out with friends, watching movies, playing video games… I hate school. I hate these stupid desks, I hate that stupid whiteboard, I hate theses uncomfortable chairs, I hate the restrooms. I just hate everything about this place.

“Sam!!?? Would you perhaps like to join us today? Or is whatever is going on in your head more important?”

Is she talking to me? Fuck, she actually is.

“Sorry, I am listening, I’m just taking it all in”

I think that’s pacified her. Why does she always have to pick on me? Why am I always singled out? Bitch. Her eyes are scary. Why won’t she stop staring at me?

“Sam, you do realize you will be sitting a test tomorrow? So if you’re not paying attention, I suggest you do so from now on”

HOLY FUCK!! I forgot about that test!! Shit…. Claire, I’ll talk to Claire, she’ll have taken notes, I’ll ask if I can borrow them to study at home tonight. It’s not as if she needs them, she seems to know everything. Yeah. I’ll talk to Claire after class.

Hallelujah!!! I’m glad that’s over, what a complete waste of my time.

Where is Claire? I need them notes….

“Hey Sam”

“Oh hey Billy, how’re you?”

“I’m okay, how was class?”

“Same old shit, have you seen Claire?”.

“Emmm no sorry. Actually, I only came over to tell you that I think you look really cute in that dress”

OH MY GOD!!! He thinks I look cute!!! I LOVE HIM!!!

“Ohh thanks…. I’m sorry, I really need to find Claire, if you see her can you tell her I’m looking for her?”

“Yeah, no problem”

Okay. Walk away, don’t look back. Don’t look back. Don’t look back…. Oh god, he is so cute.

Seriously where is Claire? Fuck it, I need to get to class. Arghh, I hate geography. I’d better go for a pee before though… Meh, it can wait.

“Come on everybody, hurry up and sit down”

There he is again… Billy is soooo cute. Should i sit with him? No i can't, i don't want to look...

Fuck you Sarah…. I’m sitting next to Billy. If he thinks I look cute, that must mean he likes me? I really hope he asks me out, we could go and see that new Marvel movie at the cinema…. That would be so nice.

Forget Billy. Concentrate. Yeah, concentrate.

God these knickers keep pinching my bum. Why did I buy these again? I don’t even like the color blue. That’s the last time I buy underwear from that store again.

I need to pee. I should have gone before class; I’ll just have to ask to be excused.

I can’t do that. Then everybody will know I need to pee…. I can hold it, it’s only another 40 minutes, I’ll be fine.

God Billy is so cute!!!!

OH MY GOD!!!! Okay, 20 minutes…. I can do this.

I need to pee soooo badly, maybe if I asked to be excused…. No I can’t do that; everybody will look at me…. I can hold it. But maybe if I let a little bit out… yeah, that’s a good plan. Okay, relax……. NO NOT THAT MUCH!!! Fuck, my knickers!!!!Oh god did it wet my dress?? No, thank god.

That didn’t help. I need to use the restroom…. I can’t. I need to pee. Clock, hurry the fuck up…. Seriously I’m going to piss myself. I’m not asking, I’m just not.

If I keep moving, I’ll feel better…… I’ll keep tapping my legs. Maybe if I put my hand on my pee hole too… Yeah that helps. Oh god, I wish I had never let that pee leave my bladder, the wetness in my knickers is driving me crazy.

I don’t want to ask to be excused!!!!! It’ll be too embarrassing. I’m only a little bit wet, nobody will notice. I think I need to release a tiny bit more. My bladder is aching so much now, it’s becoming unbearable. No I can’t, if I release more I’m going to want to pee more. Just stay calm…. FUCK!!!! No please…. Stop… Stop dripping…. Please…. OH GOD!!!! Did anybody notice??? FUCK, it’s on my chair…. My dress is soaked. My knickers are soaked…. I still need to pee.

I need to be excused, I’m going to ask. I have too, otherwise I am going to fully wet myself...

“Miss, can I be excused for the bathroom please?”

“No, there is just ten minutes left. I’m sure you can hold on ten minutes.”

“I can’t…. Please let me go”

“Sam, just grow up. You don’t have bladder issues, so there is no reason you can’t hold on. Its ten minutes Sam, it’s not a long time. Now anyway...”

NOOOO!!!! Its going to happen… and its her fault. She wouldn’t let me go.

OHHHHH!!!!! I’m actually wetting myself. OH my god…. That feels amazing!!!!! WOW!!!! I never knew wetting myself would be so enjoyable!!!! That feeling as my pee streams through my knickers and pools at my ass is incredible. OH wow!!!!

Wait… what the…. I’m wetting the bed!!!! NOOOO… stop… got to get to the restroom…. oh god I’m soaked; the bed is soaked…. Just get on the toilet.

Why??!! Why me??!! Why didn’t I take my knickers down…? I’m so stupid. How the hell am I going to tell Gary…?

Once again, you decide for yourselves how this pans out.

Thanks for reading guys. I hope you enjoyed <3

*004*2016-05-27 12:56

{{16 hours ago, Damnation said:

I still love it <3

}}

Thank you :D it was actually your positive feedback that spurred me to post this :)

{{9 hours ago, WaityKaty said:

Nice work! I really quite like the stream on consciousness thing. :) I've never been able to get it to work right :/

}}

Thank you :D It's actually my first time writing in the first person, and while I know it's not perfect, I'm glad you guys enjoyed it :) Positive feedback inspires me to write more :)

