The girl Who will never make it Ch 1

Author: Sky.pees

*004*2023-04-30 09:02

Note Before the Chapter, the Underlined text means it is a thought in Emme's Head or A Dream

Chapter 2 (The Goddess of OMO)

Dan: Emme it's okay you don't have to worry, accidents happen.

Emme: But (Sobs) Dad (Sobs) I'm 18 (Sobs) I should not be pissing myself like a Baby.

Dan: Come on go get yourself Cleaned up and head to bed.

Emme: (Sobs) Fine.

Emme Gets in the Shower in 17 years I have not pissed myself why today on my 18th birthday.

Emme Gets out of the Shower and gets Ready for bed

She puts on her Red PJs and grabs a cup of water before bed

I mean it didn't feel that bad... WHAT AM I THINKING!!! I peed myself that is so gross

She finishes her Glass of water and falls Asleep

Emme: ah so Bright. Where am I

Emme looks around to see a Beautiful Forest as she looks around she sees a person

Emme: Um Hello um do you know where we are

The Person looks at her it's a Beautiful woman with long Black hair in a White Dress

???: Here Well you in the Forest of Fate

Emme: Forest of Fate???

???: Yes it is a place where your Future will show its face

Emme: Cool. So where can I find my Future?

???: Well you already found it

Emme: What? Wait how are you

???: I'm am The Goddess Of OMO

Emme starts to hear a hissing nose and she looks down the see the Women Peeing herself

Emme: your... You Peeing yourself

The Goddess Of OMO: Yes as you will do in just a matter of minutes

Emme: But I don't have to Pe...

Emme Starts to feel not just her Bladder but her bowels start to fill up

Emme: what is going on

The Goddess Of OMO: you have one minute to find a bathroom or you will be cursed to not go in a toilet till the next year

Emme: WHAT BUT WE ARE IN A FOREST WERE AM IM SUPPOSE TO FIND A TOLET HERE

The Goddess Of OMO: All you have to Do is look and you will find. Now the Time is Ticking

Emme: FUCK FUCK FUCK!! I HAVE LESS THEN ONE MINUTE OR MY LIFE IS OVER I JUST KNOW IT

The Goddess Of OMO: 30 seconds

Emme: NO NO NO NO!! I HAVE TO FIND A TOILET!

The Goddess Of OMO: only 10 Seconds Left

As The Goddess says that Emme Spots a Door

Emme: I Found it

As she starts to Run She Hear "and 0" She looks around and she sees The Goddess in front of her

The Goddess Of OMO: now you fail the test so for the next year you will never make it to the toilet on time you may not use diapers or pull your pants down when you need to go you will have to go in your pants.

Emme: What the Fuck. I'm not going to Piss myself because a stupid Goddess told me I can't use the Bathroom

The Goddess Of OMO: It's Not Just Peeing you will also need to go number 2

Emme: NO NO this is just a stupid dream I'm going to use a fucking bathroom

The Goddess Of OMO: You think it's a Dream well you will see in the morning

Emme: Wha..

Emme Wakes up to the sound of her alarm

End of Chapter 2

AI artwork of Emme and The Goddess

