Indian Teacher's Mishap

Author: Rahul999

*000*2023-10-03 18:02

Second attempt to write story. Still there are area of improvement.

###

Hi all, I am Suparna, i am a 34 year old female professor, working as a visiting faculty in a government University. Most of my classes are in the first year engineering courses, as I take Common First Year classes mostly.

Being a visiting faculty, my payment is generally based on number of classes I can take. So to optimise the pay structure, I take as much class as I can, often without any breaks in between. Thus, many times, I rarely get the chance to go to washroom to pee. Many many times I have faced some desperate situations, holding my pee , and controlling my bladder. Today I wanna share the only mishap I had.

For the context, I am an ordinary Indian woman, with nothing special in physique. In college, I wear saree, with a peticoat. That day, I had 5 consecutive classes from 10 am, 1 hours each. It was a hot summer day in India, and extremely humid. Me, like everyone else, was sweating like crazy, and drinking water during all the classes.. after the 4th class, I had a little pressure on my bladder. But I promptly ignored it, and went to my next class, Mechanical first year.

For someone who doesn't know, in India, Mechanical Engineering is mostly taken by boys, rarely girls takes Mechanical Engineering. This classroom that I entered, was also totally filled with boys.

I entered the classroom, and started taking my lesson. I started writing on the black board, and discussing the notes, drinking water as needed in between. After nearly 20 min of constant class taking, I handed them some questions, and sat into my chair.

And the moment I sat down, I felt it, my bladder, getting full, nd pinging me to go to pee... I thought about going to washroom and stood up. Immediately one student asked a question to me, I thought I should answer them before I go, and started to write the answer and calculation on board... The question was pretty hard, and with every passing minute, I was writing the answer, on the board, nd was getting more full and full.. My bladder was starting to pain. I was sometimes trying to cross my legs to hold myself, and writing the answer.

After nearly 6 min of this, I suddenly thought, I should just let it go for a bit, as I am wearing s peticoat, nothing will be visible...... So I just let a little spurt of pee go, and continued with the explanation. After 5 mins, my explanation was completed, and I thought now I should be able to go... Just when I was about to leave, the head of the department entered the classroom. He told he came here as his responsibility of overseeing the first year's education quality ( some criteria thing for Accreditation or something ), so he will be here for next 10 mins, just to see how the class goes.

My heart sank deeply, now I had to hold myself for next 10 mins, and continue taking classes. Another of my student asked a different question, and I again started writing in the board, and explaining the answer. HoD was also listening to it. On the other hand, my bladder was screaming. I was barely holding onto it, crossing legs, bitting lips while writing on the board to hide my desperate situation. Then, after nearly 7 mins, though for me it was nearly 7 hours... My explanation gets completed... Was clinching my muscles hardly, while trying to hide my desperate from my face.. The hod stood up, and said that he is satisfied with the class, and left the classroom... When hod left, I was standing in middle of the room, and I sighed a relief, and that was the mistake.

With a second of concentration loss, I lost all control over my bladder, and piss started running down my legs and thighs, in front of the class of my students.... I couldn't even hold it anymore, I got frozen due to the horror and humilating situation.... Then suddenly I got a grip, and left the classroom in a hurry to washroom, where I relieved myself completely.

**********************

Let me know your thoughts, all comments are welcome as it helps me to learn.

