Autumns Wet Adventures

Author: SidewinderUwU

*000*2024-01-08 00:01

I wrote this for Ao3 awhile ago. Figured I'd post it here for you all too enjoy.

These are just the chapters that include pee

Public Accident:

Um Autumn again. And it's been a weird week. First the Donut Shop Incident now this? So I had a long drive and drank too much water. I was on my way home from a family gathering. It was like 6:00pm I think? I was on a long stretch of highway. No bathrooms. The feeling of having to piss just kept getting worse and worse. I felt like I was gonna burst. I finally got off at my exit. Then I pulled over at a gas station. And ran inside to ask for the bathroom key. But the cashier wasn't there. So I started ringing the bell.

I can't stress enough how little time I had before I lost it. After about a couple of minutes. A cute cashier guy walks up. And it turns out the bathroom is out of order. I went to leave but it was too late. A little bit trickled out and onto the floor. I looked over to see if he was looking and he had the cutest blush. I had to look away. I knew I was also blushing hard. It was so warm running down my legs. And into my shoes. Until it became cold. Ill be honest I really liked it. While the puddle was getting bigger the cashiers face was getting redder. I offered to help clean it but he said it was fine so I left. And made it home to shower. I think I found a new kink...

Watersports:

So I wanna experiment with pissing myself again. So I drank a bunch of water in my room. It felt kinda good. The feeling of having to burst. The sound of my own breathing trying to hold it. And finally. The feeling of that warmth running down my legs. Making a puddle. But it wasn't the same. I think it's missing something. So I tried again. This time in front of my roommate. I drank a bunch of water. And then went. And sat on the couch next to her. Things have been a little awkward since the last entry. But we're talking normally again. Looking back maybe I shouldn't have done this. She was in gym shorts and crop top. I was wearing sweatpants. And a white T-shirt.

I sat on the couch till I couldn't hold it. Then I got up and headed for the bathroom. I knew I wasn't gonna make it. I planned on it. A few feet away from the couch. I stopped and just gave in. The hot liquid running down my legs. And making a hot puddle on the hard wood floor. And I felt her looking at me. My sweat pants wear soaked. I looked back blushing. Her face was bright red and she was standing. There was a little wet spot towards the bottom. "Sorry, I thought I could hold it..." I said. She responded "no worries I'll go get the mop". I then went and showered. That definitely was the missing part. Humiliation, embarrassment, whatever you wanna call it. I want to be embarrassed when I piss. On a possibility related note. I heard her moaning later that night. Now I don't know for sure that was because of me but I can hope.

If you all enjoy I can write more.

