A Not-So-Secret Pee: Desperation at the Coffee Counter

Author: ShareTea333

*000*2025-06-20 04:33

I had been dreading my shift at the mall coffee counter all morning. Friday was one of the busiest days of the week and I knew we’d be slammed all afternoon. I was surprised when I arrived first because the supervisors were almost always on time. The company was really strict about the policy because there had to be at least one supervisor present at the counter at all times.

Amy came running in at the last minute, just in time for her shift. She checked the phone messages as she clocked-in and immediately let out a huge sigh of frustration. One of our coworkers, Kyle, had called out. That meant Amy was the only supervisor that shift and that just the two of us were left to handle the busy afternoon rush.

As soon as the shift started, I noticed that something was off with Amy. She was moving around a lot more than usual behind the counter and wasn’t engaging in as much conversation as she normally would. I started to pay closer attention and recognized the familiar signs that she really needed to pee. I had seen her this level of desperate a couple times before, but that was always at the end of her shift when all she had to do was clock out and run to the mall bathroom. We’d all learned our lesson at one point or another to always use the bathroom before your shift. The mall bathroom is far from our counter and often has a huge line. Needless to say, it’s not a quick trip, and I wondered if Amy hadn’t had a chance to stop there on her way in since she was running late.

This was only the beginning of our four-hour shift, so I was starting to get really curious how it was all going to play out. Even though Amy is generally a friendly supervisor, she is really strict about the rules, and I couldn’t imagine her leaving with no other supervisor at the counter. However, the longer our shift went on, the more I started to consider she may not have a choice. It was becoming increasingly obvious that she needed to pee, badly.

When she had to stand still at the espresso machine she would march in place, and when she had to stand extra still to pour the milk, she would cross her legs tightly, gently bouncing up and down. One of my favorites was when she would be standing at the cash register with one leg tightly wrapped around the other. She would occasionally have a bladder spasm and stand on her tippy toes, tensing all her muscles as tight as possible. She tried to disguise most of her movements as dancing and singing to the music so it would be less obvious to customers that she was absolutely bursting.

By this point her face was flushed and I could tell the effort of holding in a full bladder while working a busy shift was taking its toll. She kept stepping into the little storage area behind the counter. It didn’t have a door, but it was still hidden from customers. We would often go back there to sneak a quick snack or drink when the counter was quiet. I was excited when I finally had a reason to walk past it. I caught a glance of Amy leaning against the wall with her dress lifted and her hand buried deep in her crotch, desperate for even just a few seconds of relief. When she saw me coming, she quickly sat down on one of the stools and tried to act normal, but I could see that she was furiously wiggling her bum back and forth.

When we were about 3 hours into our shift, it was clear that Amy was reaching her limit. The customer rush had slowed down and as we hurried to clean everything up before the next rush came, Amy was doing a full pee dance. She was frantically moving her hips and when a particularly strong urge would come, she’d have to take breaks from cleaning to jump up and down or walk in little circles with her legs pressed together. She struggled the most when she had to rinse out the blenders. As soon as the water started, she dropped down to sit on her heel, grinding her crotch into her boot to keep the floodgates shut.

As always, another rush of customers came along, and we were back in the thick of it. I took the register since it seemed cruel to force Amy to stand in one place, but as she made the coffees, she kept losing track of what order she was on or what customer it was for. It was obvious she was absolutely desperate to pee and couldn’t concentrate on anything else. That was when she started slowly losing the battle.

Every couple of minutes or so, a few droplets of pee would slowly slide down her legs. It wasn’t enough that someone would notice if they weren’t looking for it, and she was lucky her legs were hidden from customers by the tall counter. The tiniest puddle started to slowly form at her feet and she moved the rug to camouflage it. I so badly wanted to know if she was accidentally spurting into her underwear or if she had started to let out little leaks in hopes it would help her make it to the end of our shift.

Midway through making a batch of coffees, her frantic movements increased before she suddenly froze. Her cheeks turned bright pink and I saw tiny streams of pee cascading down her legs. She hadn’t given up trying to hold it yet, but was clearly at the brink of completely losing control. She put down the coffees she was making and ran to the storage area. When I walked over to finish the coffees she had left, I could see the storage area out of the corner of my eye.

Amy had grabbed the tiny plastic waste bin and was desperately fumbling with her underwear when pee began forcefully shooting out of her. She yanked her dress up and lunged forward to stand over the trash bin. As she spread her legs wide, pee poured through her underwear. Her hard stream hitting the bottom of the empty bin was audible and I immediately started the coffee grinder to mask the sound. Trying to act normal while knowing Amy was releasing her full bladder was almost impossible, and as the coffee grinder stopped, I could hear her sighing and moaning behind me.

I was surprised when after several minutes of silence, I heard her start peeing AGAIN. This time she had pulled her soaked underwear to the side and was squatting down to aim properly. I couldn’t believe that now she was peeing more on purpose! I figured she was trying to be proactive knowing we still had 45 minutes left on our shift, but I hoped she was trying to replicate the thrill from her first desperate release.

She hid the trash bin behind the lockers and took a few minutes to compose herself. When she finally came back out, she didn’t acknowledge it at all. It was hard to tell whether she thought she had gotten away with it or if she thought pretending it never happened was her best bet. At the end of our shift, she took her time closing up so that she would be the last to leave and would have an opportunity to dispose of the evidence. I didn’t mention anything about it, but I did tell her to have a good night.

