Diairies of Ella: Chapter One

Author: sammilove

*000*2016-09-02 06:36

This is purely a work of fiction!!!

I remember reading some stories back in high school called "Diaries of Haley". I remember thinking I'd like to write something like them one day, only maybe a little bit more realistic. This is First Chapter and I hope to write more.

Ella hadn't always lived in America, She was born in Canada and immigrated to United States along with her mother when she was in her teens. Her father had passed away when she was 12. Her mother and her had struggled to get by until she was 14 when they moved to the United States with her family. She barely spoke English and had always spoke french. So, as you can imagine, the transition was quite rough. But here she was, 8 years later and finishing up college with a Major in English and Minor in Math. She wanted to be English teacher and planned on going to back to school to finish up her degrees in teaching. As smart as she was though, she always had a weak bladder and would put in her quite desperate situations. She was about 5'7, 120 lbs. Athletic body with black hair with red highlights.

It was brisk spring day. The weather was in 40's in the morning with temperatures rising into the 60's as the day progressed. Ella woke up early usually, around 7 A.M. Her morning routine consisted of Coffee, showering, make-up, then off to class or her Fiance's house. Ella had awoken a little bit later than usual, after all, it was a Saturday and she deserved a little sleep. She rolled over in bed, grabbed her phone and got up to start her day. Today was her first day as assistant manager of her colleges soccer team. After playing for the school for four years, she was offered this position to earn some extra cash while she finished up college. She also had a job at the local Starbucks as a barista. She only worked a few days a week due to school.

She walked to the kitchen to start some coffee while she browsed her facebook. She made 3 cups of coffee for herself. A little bit more than usual, but she figured she could spoil herself once. When the coffee was ready, she downed the mug she poured herself and headed to the shower. As she stripped down, she felt a slight urge to pee. She shrugged it off and got in the shower. When she got out of the shower, her phone was ringing. It was her coach asking if she could meet her before the 11 A.M. practice. She agreed and went to bedroom and got dressed. Since the weather was a little chilly, she figured a basic gym outfit would suite her.

Black leggings, her white tennis shoes, A sports bra with a lime green tank top and a hoodie over it. She had finished her second cup of coffee at this point. She was starting to notice she had to pee again. She decided she would go before she left for the day. As Ella walked to the bathroom, her coached called again and asked if she wanted anything from McDonald's before practice. A large sweet tea, no ice and a sausage biscuit. She finished up in the bathroom and went to the kitchen and poured her last cup of coffee. She checked her phone 9:30 A.M. She had to be to the practice field in a hour to meet her coach before practice.

It was a goo 30 minute drive to the practice field. She was a little bit late due to traffic. Her coach was standing outside waiting for her. They talked outside for about 10 minutes before heading inside to go over her duties and showed her around the office. Ella had already known this space well during her four years as a player. But now she had access to the equipment room now. They continued to chat until the first player arrived at 10:45. At this point, Ella had already downed half of her sweet tea plus the cup of coffee. Everything was going great until she sat down. All the liquids must've settled and she was starting to have go pee. Ella was starting to worry. She hadn't realized how much she had drank until she thought back. Three cups of coffee plus a 32 ounce cup of sweet tea.

Practice began swiftly at 11. The first practice was usually one of the shorter ones. Ella was quite glad. She hated using public restrooms and wold often hold it much longer than she would have to just to avoid them. She hadn't had a public accident since was 15 and she wasn't about to have one now. Her urge was growing stronger by the minute. By 11:30, she standing with her legs crossed. 'Not much longer' she thought. Ella was starting to get desperate by 11:45. The practice was almost over. The coach gathered everyone around for a speech about her expectations for play and school.

'Blah blah blah, its always the same please hurry up and finish!' screamed Ella's mind. Finally, everyone was dismissed except for the staff. Which was Ella and the manager. She had to stay late and help the manager with some work. By noon, she was doing the pee dance. Her bladder was starting to ache but she was determined to hold it until she got back home. She was finally finished with everything by 12:30. She was starting to wonder if she could make it home.

Ella was walking to her car, her bladder begging her for relief but she pressed on. By now, the campus rest rooms were open and she could relieve herself. But she decided to keep going and get home as quickly as she could. As soon as she got into her car, she trust both hands to her crotch. She was starting to tremble from desperation. She was almost home now, if she could hold on just a little bit longer, she'd be home free. It was almost 1 now and she was starting to wonder how she made it this long, and how much longer she could take. Ella hadn't considered traffic though, there were 5 stop lights between her apartment complex. Then, once she got there, a stop sign, few speed bumps and then the dreadful climb to the 3rd floor. She was starting to leak a little, she could feel a drop escape every few minutes. Her muscles were clenched so tigh she wondered how anything got threw.

Ella finally pulled into her apartment complex. She was starting to panic now. She had never had that happen. She knew it was serious this time. With every speed bump she hit, she felt a drop escape. She could feel the dampness of her pants and was worried about having a uge wet spot. She opened her car door, one hand was permanently jammed in her crotch. She felt herself starting to want to cry from the pain. 'Why didn't I go back at campus...why why why. This is gonna be awful, I'm gonna piss myself in front of my neighbors...oh god why was I so stupid!!!!' screamed her mind. She walked as fast as she could but that wasn't very fast. Her thighs were jammed together, her knees knocking, she was sweating and had cold chills.

She couldn't take it much longer. She had made to the stair case. Great, only 2 flights to go. She slowly climbed the first flight, she was starting to leak a little bit more with every step. Her abdomen ached. Her mind was screaming 'You Fool!' She finally made it to the 3rd floor. Now just down the hall a little bit to her apartment. She practically ran to her apartment. She was starting to lose the battle, she had a streak starting to run down her leg but she was still holding on strong. She dug threw her purse as she searched for her keys. Her legs looked like a pretzel at this point. She found the keys, opened the door and ran into the bathroom. But instead of sitting on the toilet, she pulled her pants down and threw herself up into the sink. Her muscles gave in as she hopped up onto the sink. She stream was so strong she felt it splashing back on her bare butt.

Ella finished peeing about two minutes later. Her body was aching worse than any workout she had ever done. Her muscles were trembling still. She finally hopped down off the sink, her pants still down around her thighs. Her butt was still damp from the back-splash. Her knees were incredibly weak still and she almost collapsed. She fell to one knee and the other ended up in the small puddle of pee. She sat there for a second as she regained her strength. Finally, she got up and walked to the kitchen o get the cleaning supplies. She stopped by her bedroom to inspect the damage. Barely bigger the a small plate and the streak running down her leg and into her shoe.She was proud of herself, that much liquid being held inside her and only that little bit escaped. There was no way she would do that again...

...Or so she thought

*004*2017-06-15 00:04

I'm going to begin on chapter two this evening. I have a few ideas for it but any suggestions?

