Blockbuster Bladders

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2024-08-29 03:16

This one's another commission, and a direct sequel to the last story I posted

$/104132-a-school-day-competition/

), though unlike last time, this one's just the girls this time! Things have been hectic and I've been busy, but been meaning to post a backlog soon, so stay tuned for that! Otherwise, enjoy!

Blockbuster Bladders

Katniss blushed as she felt her shoulder and thigh press against Jake as the car they were riding in turned onto the adjacent road. Friday night had come, and they, along with the rest of their friends, were driving to the opening premiere of a new movie. They had been planning this for weeks and were excited, but it also meant packing into Tommy’s car, which was not known for being particularly comfy or spacious.

Then again, Katniss didn’t exactly mind the excuse to lean against Jake. The two had finally discussed their relationship and had opted to officially get together. Of course, they were still in that first awkward phase of their relationship where they were testing the waters together, and Katniss wasn’t fully sure if cuddling properly was on the table yet.

There was also the fact that this all stemmed from the incident resulting from the holding contest they had at school not too long ago. That day had nearly ended in disaster, and Katniss was still mortified the two had wound up peeing side-by-side in an alley and nearly getting caught afterwards. That didn’t make things any less awkward, and the two still hadn’t really cleared that out yet. In fact, they hadn’t done anything related to their shared fetish since hooking up.

“Hey Tommy! Would it kill you to drive a bit more gently? We’re tumbling around like rocks back here!” Layna complained.

“I didn’t take the corner that fast! Besides, we’re almost there,” Tommy shot back.

Katniss, Jake, Layna, and Blake were all squished into the back seat, while Sam and Tommy sat up-front. Aside from Sam, who was relatively short and slender, the girls were smaller than the guys, so it made sense for them to squeeze into the back.

Jake was bigger, but no one questioned the decision to have him squeeze in the back next to Katniss. They would’ve preferred to figure out their relationship a bit more before announcing it to their friends, but not only was Layna already pretty sure they were into each other, but after they nearly got caught peeing together in the alleyway, the others were starting to speculate. They figured declaring their relationship early would give them a better topic to gossip about than “What were Jake and Katniss doing in the alley together?”.

A few more bumpy turns later, and thankfully the group arrived at the theater. They had taken care to get there early, not only so Tommy could find a reasonable parking spot, but also so things wouldn’t be too crowded. While it was the opening premiere of the movie, they didn’t live in the largest city, so an hour early was plenty sufficient to beat the rush.

Indeed, as they parked and piled out of the cramped car, the parking lot leading up to the theater was not particularly busy. There were a few other movie-goers who likely had a similar idea, but for the most part the lines were manageable.

The group all bought their tickets and filed in, the smell of buttered popcorn and other snacks hitting them instantly. Ordinarily, Katniss might’ve opted to smuggle snacks and drinks in rather than paying the extortionate prices that theaters were infamous for, but this was a special occasion and she had saved up, so a proper drink and popcorn was the order of business.

“It’s gonna be a long movie, we should get big drinks,” Layna suggested.

“Better be careful, wouldn’t want to get stuck having to pee halfway through,” Blake pointed out.

As the subject turned to their collective fetish, Katniss and Jake cast a sidelong glance at each other and blushed, turning away before anyone else noticed.

“We’re all fine. We all went earlier, remember?” Layna pointed out, “Besides Blakey, you always drink yours way too fast and then wind up mooching off of me!”

“My mouth dries out easily, is all,” Blake frowned before sighing, “Fine, I’ll get a large drink too.”

Katniss also ordered a big drink and wound up looking down at it. It wasn’t anything she couldn’t handle. She had plenty of practice holding it. Of course, she wasn’t purposely planning on getting desperate tonight. She had briefly considered it. It was going to be a long movie, and she had been meaning to broach the omo-related stuff with Jake again eventually. In the end though, she decided against it, especially since this was a night when all their friends would be there, and they had already nearly gotten caught with that once.

“Did you want to share a popcorn?” Katniss turned to Jake, looking over the popcorn sizes, “The big bucket’s a better deal, but I don’t want the whole thing, especially since we’re grabbing food after.”

“Sure, that works for me,” Jake nodded.

Layna looked over at the pair and smirked, “Oooh, sharing some popcorn together, I see.”

Katniss and Jake blushed, and Blake shook her head.

“Come on, don’t start teasing them already. Sharing popcorn is hardly an intimate activity.”

Tommy chimed in, “Yeah man, me and Sam were gonna split one too, right?”

“Oh hell no,” Sam frowned, “You’re just going to hog it all. You’re getting your own.”

“Aw come on! The big one’s so expensive if we don’t split,” Tommy pouted, “Please, Sam?”

“Fine, but only because I owe you for lunch the other day. And you better promise not to hog it all!”

“I promise.”

“See, nothing romantic about it,” Blake pointed out as she stepped up to place her own order, “We all share food all the time.”

“Yeah, but it’s different because they’re a couple, that totally makes it more intimate!”

Blake frowned at Layna and slapped her lightly on the shoulder, “It’s just popcorn. If you don’t stop teasing them, I won’t share any of mine with you.”

She held up the large popcorn she ordered for them both, and Layna let out a sigh, “Fine, fine, I’ll stop, for now.”

“Now that everyone’s got their food, can we please just go sit down?” Katniss asked warily, still blushing.

The group all agreed, shuffling into the theater and presenting their tickets. They were ushered in the right direction and caught sight of their specific theater. Across the hall was the restrooms, which were still all relatively empty thanks to them arriving early. Katniss briefly considered if it was worth another trip just to make sure she was empty, but she really didn’t feel any urge to go, and she wasn’t worried even with the movie’s long runtime.

Heading into the dimly lit theater, they found a good row of seats near the front-middle, close enough to the screen to get the experience, but not too close as to have to uncomfortably crane their necks. Of course, because they had gotten to the theater early, they also had quite some time to kill before the movie actually began.

“So, this movie’s based off of a book, right?” Sam asked.

“Yeah,” Blake nodded, “Well, actually it’s two books. Apparently the studio preferred to squish them both together rather than drag them out into two movies.”

“That explains the long runtime,” Katniss noted.

“I hope it’s good, a lot of people were really excited,” Jake added.

“I hear the critics are mixed on it, but you know how that goes,” Sam shrugged.

“Have any of you read the books?” Tommy asked.

“I have,” Blake nodded, “I’m actually pretty nervous about how they’re going to adapt them.”

Tommy shrugged nonchalantly, “Well, even if it’s lame, at least we have dinner to look forward to.”

“Dinner and a movie, not a bad first date, huh you two?”

“L-Layna!”

“You promised you wouldn’t tease us!” Katniss blushed.

“I promised I’d stop earlier. I technically did stop,” Layna shrugged, “Besides, I’m not wrong, right? This is their first outing together after they got together.”

“Yeah, but we’re here, too,” Sam pointed out, “Not much of a date.”

“Even if we were all couples here, a triple date is a bit of a stretch,” Tommy pointed out.

“We’re all sharing popcorn,” Blake leaned in, grabbing a handful from her and Layna’s bucket and snacking on it, “Apparently that’s enough for Layna.”

“H-hey, that’s totally not what I meant!”

After that, the conversation thankfully shifted away from teasing Katniss and Jake, and they were able to settle down. The gossip topics shifted from school rumors to relationship drama outside of the friend group. Katniss wasn’t as interested in gossip as Layna or Tommy, so she simply half-listened as she sipped slowly on her soda. She wanted to save most of it for the movie.

As the time for the movie came closer, more and more groups came shuffling in. What was once a mostly quiet theater was starting to fill with a cacophony of murmurs as everyone had their own hushed conversations. However, as the lights dimmed further and all but the emergency lighting and signage faded out, the whole theater fell silent. Of course, there were still the classic theater previews, to let the last stragglers shuffle in before the movie starts. The classic warnings for the audience to ensure their phones were off or on silent flashed across the screen, and then the movie started proper.

As the opening scenes played out, Katniss noticed the first telltale signs of a nag from her abdomen. She was surprised. She hadn’t gone that long ago, and she still had most of her soda left. Of course, it wasn’t that much of a sensation. It was something she had to focus on to really feel, and easily pushed to the back of her mind.

Katniss was a little nervous about it, especially since she had eschewed the chance to use the bathroom earlier. There was also the fact that she hadn’t really done anything omo-related since the incident at school, and she was still wary of letting things get that bad. Of course, that had been a planned contest over a full school day, whereas this was just a 3-hour movie. It was quite long, but nothing she couldn’t handle.

The movie started off quickly, jumping right into the action. The movie was about some kind of vampire hunter but set in the modern day. The whole intro involved the vampire hunter breaking into an infamous underground gathering of vampires who were known for openly preying on humans. He winds up using a combination of a special sword and a gun with holy bullets to take down everyone in the base. However, once the dust settles, he finds a small child chained up and cowering in the base. She’s a vampire too, but it’s clear she’s not with the others, so he winds up setting her free and taking her with him. The movie then flashes forwards about 20 years, when the vampire hunter’s an older man and mentoring the vampire girl to fight. Apparently she’s also taken up a role as a vampire hunter.

Katniss had never read the books the movie was based on, but it definitely felt like a standard action affair. One of those movies you watch for some dumb fun, but you don’t really expect much out of it. That being said, she was just happy to be here with her friends, and of course Jake.

She glanced over at Jake and smiled, wondering if she should lean against him just like the car. Then again, this wasn’t exactly the kind of quiet movie where that was the expectation. She didn’t want to make things awkward, and she’d also rather avoid Layna seeing anything and teasing them about it later.

She settled for taking a few bites of popcorn and washing it down with some soda. Of course, this only reminded her of the small nag. Her bladder was starting to fill up. It wasn’t anywhere near urgent yet, but with the movie still clearly in the beginning, Katniss wondered if she should start pacing herself with the soda.

Blake, on the other hand, was not pacing herself at all. True to Layna’s observations, Blake had already drank half of her large soda, and had only slowed down when she noticed her own bladder nagging her. Like Katniss, she wasn’t worried about getting too desperate by the end of the movie, but she was more invested and really didn’t want to spend the last half of the movie dancing in place as she ran down the runtime.

Still, it was nothing Blake couldn’t ignore for the time being, so she tuned back into the movie. She had been particularly excited and nervous about this movie, since she had read the novels first and was a fan of them.

The next part of the movie slowed down, mostly to build up the world. The tense dynamics and political tensions between humans and vampires, the rules of vampire hunters, the various gangs vampires who operated outside the law organized themselves into. There was one gang in particular that believed that because humans were the natural prey of vampires, that vampires should be on top of the world instead, and thus attacked and terrorized humans to send that message.

The main characters spent their time training during the day when the vampire couldn’t go outside, and then would go out at night to try to thwart their plans. There was a small chase scene, a rescue scene, and a small fight scene for a bit of flash, but it was clearly mostly establishing the setting.

As Katniss was watching, she felt yet another nag from her bladder, and she pressed her thighs together briefly. She was trying to gauge how fast she was filling up compared to the pacing of the movie. She didn’t want to take out her phone to check the time like she was bored, but she was pretty sure the movie hadn’t hit the halfway point yet.

She had also drank more of her soda than she had expected. She had tried to keep her sips to a minimum, but with all that salty popcorn she found herself drinking about half. Katniss really hoped she wouldn’t regret that later.

Katniss wasn’t the only one feeling an urge, though. Even though Blake had slowed down, since she had gulped down half of her soda right at the outset, she was filling up faster. She was mostly engrossed in the movie, but every once in a while she felt her bladder send a signal of pressure as it slowly began filling up.

Blake looked over at Layna, and noticed that her soda was still more than 2/3rds full. Not only that but she was casually chomping away at their shared popcorn while keeping her eyes glued to the screen. She also looked over at Katniss, but she wasn’t showing any outward discomfort either, even though she was starting to feel it.

About at the halfway point, the movie started putting the pieces together. The vampire was actually a direct descendant of the Tepes family, and the evil vampires wanted to use her blood to resurrect Alucard so he could rule over the world. They lure her into a trap and steal her blood, but before they can kill her the veteran vampire hunter comes in and pulls out all the stops to save her. Unfortunately, it leaves him critically wounded and he’s unable to continue fighting, leaving the vampire as the only one who knows about the gang’s plans and as the only one who can stop them. The veteran vampire hunter sends her off to track down one of his old associates for assistance, and this the movie moves into the next act.

As much as Katniss was enjoying the story, as cliche as some of the parts were, she was really starting to worry about her filling bladder. The signals were coming more and more frequently, and they were less slight nags and more proper waves of discomfort. She could feel the pressure slowly but surely starting to build up.

She found herself shuffling, but blushed when she noticed Jake looking over at her? Had he noticed? She blushed at the thought of him realizing she had to pee. She stifled her squirming, feeling her bladder nag her in protest as she forced herself to sit still.

Layna was now also starting to feel it, with a more sudden, strong urge than either of the other two coming out of nowhere. She had befallen the same mistake as Katniss. Salty popcorn plus frequent sips had drained her soda quite fast. She squeezed her thighs together and glanced around to see if anyone noticed. Thankfully, it looked like everyone was looking up at the screen.

However, this was only because Layna had narrowly missed Blake quickly glancing back up at the screen. She had in fact caught Layna squirming. Of course, Layna’s need to pee was the least of her worries, as Blake was definitely filling up quite fast. It didn’t help that, with her dry mouth, she kept sipping on her soda all the same, even though she knew she really should be pumping the brakes on any more liquid intake.

Despite the girls’ dilemma, the movie continued on all the same. Katniss tried to distract herself from her worries by focusing on the plot. Apparently the mentor the vampire girl was sent to track down was one of the old veteran hunter’s partners back in the day. He was a vampire hunter and a vampire as well, and so he could train the novice hunter in vampire arts. Katniss was surprised to see a training arc this late into the movie, but it was a nice break from the action and heavy scenes that came right before.

Of course, while the lull was a break from the action, it wasn’t a break on the girl’s bladders, and all of them were starting to become more uncomfortable. Layna glanced to the side, looking at the sign to the exit that went out into the hall where the bathrooms were. She was certainly somewhat tempted to get up right then and there to use the bathroom. At the same time, though, she was in the middle of everyone. She’d have to disturb a bunch of people to get to the aisle, and she really didn’t want to miss part of the movie just to pee.

For Blake, missing the movie wasn’t an option. She was fully engrossed in the movie. Or at least, she would’ve been fully engrossed if her bladder didn’t keep nagging at her from the back of her mind. It was starting to get hard to ignore, but luckily she knew that the movie was quickly reaching its climax.

Indeed, after the training arc, the evil vampire gang attacked the city as a ploy to cause enough chaos to uncover the crypt where Alucard resides. Meanwhile the vampire hunter had to rush back to try to take the blood they stole from her back to prevent his revival. A crazy chase scene ensues where the police and the other vampire rush to try to recapture Alucard’s coffin while she chases after the vampires with her blood. It all culminates in a battle where the vampire gang winds up resurrecting Alucard, forcing both the vampire hunter and her new mentor to team up and take him down together.

With the final climax, the movie carried on tying up some loose ends, leaving the girls with very little to distract themselves from their now full bladders. Katniss definitely had to go, though it wasn’t like she was bursting to hop up and dash to the bathrooms as soon as the credits rolled. Blake was really feeling it, but she could keep mostly still as she kept her thighs pressed together. Layna was squirming slightly, but she was still mostly fine, and determined to let the movie finish playing out.

As the credits began to roll and the lights turned back on, Katniss carefully stood up, trying not to show too many signs of needing to go. Unfortunately, her bladder spasmed at just the wrong time, and she found herself having to clamp her thighs together. It was subtle, but as she looked around, she caught Jake looking at her with a knowing gaze.

Katniss blushed at the thought of Jake knowing and quickly turned away, eager to shuffle over to the theater restrooms.

Layna shot up as soon as the movie was over, stretching her arms, also eager to make here way to the bathrooms. Unfortunately, her quick movements were met with a wave of pressure from her own bladder, and she stumbled a little. Unfortunately, she had stumbled into Blake, who had been carefully getting up to avoid the very thing that had befallen her two friends. Of course that was all thrown out the window the second Layna bumped into her, nearly elbowing her in the abdomen.

“Ah!” Blake let out an uncharacteristic yelp.

“S-sorry,” Layna apologized.

“You okay?” Sam asked, looking over at the two curiously.

“Y-yeah, I’m fine, just a little unsteady on my feet,” Blake waved off.

Of course Katniss had caught the other two, and wondered if they had to pee too, or the others, for that matter. She looked over at Jake, Tommy, and Sam, but if any of them were nursing filling bladders, they certainly weren’t showing it.

“Yeah, these theater seats can do that to you if you sit on them for so long,” Tommy complained, stretching his legs.

“What about you, are you okay?” Jake asked, turning to Katniss. It was clear he didn’t mean her legs.

Katniss blushed and nodded, “I’m fine.”

“Then let’s head out of here.”

The six of them all shuffled out into the hall, only for Katniss’s heart to sink. Naturally, after such a long movie, the bathrooms were utterly crowded, with a line reaching out down the hall for both the guys and the girls’ room. Unlike before, when they had gotten there early, the theater was now crowded, especially since they were gearing up for another showing.

“Ah man, it’s really crowded,” Sam pointed out.

“Yeah, I was hoping to take a leak before we left for the diner, but with these lines, maybe we’re better off trying there.”

“I’m fine with that,” Jake chimed in, “But what about the girls?”

Jake was definitely teasing her again, but Katniss wasn’t about to let him win, “You know I’m fine.”

“I’m good to wait for the diner,” Blake answered calmly, despite the nagging in the back of her mind from her bladder, “What about you, Layna.”

“I’m good too,” Layna replied, perhaps a little too quickly. In truth her bladder was really filling up, but the line was daunting enough, and hopefully they’d have better luck at the diner.

“Alright, let’s head out, then!” Tommy pulled out his car keys and led the way. They all headed back out of the theater and towards Tommy’s car.

Katniss winced as she was forced to squeeze into the small sedan, quickly sitting down and pressing her thighs together. The others climbing into the car and jostling it around definitely didn’t help either. Blake and Layna also struggled as they quickly clambered into the car.

Thankfully the diner wasn’t too far away, because the rough ride of Tommy’s car was doing the girls’ bladders no favors. Each turn jostled them around, and Katniss spent the entire ride with her thighs clamped together. She also picked up on Layna next to her looking uncomfortable, and Blake gritting her teeth. Jake also kept looking down at Katniss, and they both knew he knew she needed to pee. It wasn’t quite at the level of urgent yet, but Katniss was more than eager to get to the diner.

After an agonizing ten minutes, the group saw the diner come into view. The girls all let out a sigh of relief now that they had arrived. Of course, piling out of the car was about as uncomfortable as climbing in had been, but that didn’t matter. They had made it.

Or at least, that had been the hope. The second Katniss and the others pushed through the doors into the diner and cast their eyes to the back where the restrooms were, they were dismayed to find a line. The diner was pretty crowded, as it was a popular post-movie destination, which certainly didn’t help.

“How may I help you?” A waitress came up to them, eager to seat them.

“A table for six,” Tommy requested.

“Also, what’s going on with the bathroom?”

“Oh, there’s a stall out in the ladies room, so it’s a bit crowded,” the waitress apologized, “The men’s room should be fine, though.”

Good news for the guys, bad news for Katniss and the others. She felt her heart skip a beat as she glanced to the back of the line? How fast would it move? Could she hold it? Her need to pee was already bordering on urgent, and even if they only spent an hour here, she was bound to be desperate by the end.

A mental image of having to tuck behind the alley at the last minute just to avoid flooding her panties filled her mind, and Katniss blushed nervously as she glanced back at the long line.

Blake and Layna were also looking a little nervous. Layna had filled up fast, and was starting to really need to go. Blake was in a little better shape, but it certainly wasn’t by much, and either way that line looked problematic. It hadn’t moved at all since they got in.

Still, they didn’t want to speak up and ruin the night for the rest of the group, and since all of the girls had been hiding just how full their bladders were getting, none of them wanted to be the first one to speak up. Instead, they let themselves be whisked away by the waitress and seated at a table.

“May I get you any drinks?” the waitress asked innocently.

The idea of more fluid intake didn’t thrill Katniss, but she still ordered a small coffee. She figured it wouldn’t look suspicious and at worst she was only adding a small amount of liquid. Blake was more bold and ordered a medium soda, and Layna wound up ordering a water, pragmatically planning on drinking as little of it as possible, at least until she could relieve herself.

The guys all ordered sodas, and immediately they all got up to use the restroom. Katniss flashed a pouting face at Jake as if to say “no fair”, but all he did was smirk in return.

That left all three girls sitting there, trying not to squirm too much until they returned.

“I can’t believe the bathrooms are super packed,” Layna complained, clamping her legs together under the table.

“Yeah, it sucks,” Blake shook her head, “You really gotta pee?”

“A little bit,” Layna downplayed, “What about you, Katniss?”

“I’m fine,” Katniss lied, “I gotta go a bit, but I can hold it.”

The guys came back in due turn, and right on cue was the waitress with their drinks. She then came around to take their orders. Katniss had been so focused on her bladder that she hadn’t realized how hungry she was. Thankfully, this diner had really good food on the cheap, so she ordered a diner-style burger, intent on eating half there and taking the rest home.

Jake also ordered a burger, Blake ordered a hash brown platter and some loaded fries to split with Layna, Sam ordered a chicken-fried steak, and Tommy ordered something aptly named the “Big Boy Plate”.

While the girls’ restroom was backed up, luckily the rest of the diner was running smoothly, and it wasn’t long at all before everyone’s orders came in. This was good for Katniss, because eating helped take her mind off her ever-more-urgent need.

The same was true with Blake and Layna, to varying degrees of success. It was a bit harder for them because they were sharing food and kept having to lean over to grab bites of each other’s dishes. Not only that, but Blake had once again ordered some very salty foods, and both were having to wash it down with their drinks, much to both of their dismay.

“Man, Tommy, I can’t believe you ordered all that!” Sam exclaimed, still gawking at the sheer portion size of Tommy’s dish. It was a large pile of cheese, bacon, chopped up burger, and what had to have been half a pound of fries. A single biscuit topped it off as if it needed more carbs.

“Sometimes you just gotta eat,” Tommy smiled, “Besides, I should start being able to hit the gym again!”

“Oh damn, really?” Jack leaned in, “Your shoulder’s all healed up?”

“Nearly,” Tommy smiled, “Doc said I can’t go back on the team, but I should be good on weights as long as I don’t overdo it.”

“Congrats, man!” Sam and Jack smiled.

“Pfft, meatheads,” Blake rolled her eyes, “We should be talking about the movie.”

In reality, Blake just really needed to get her mind off of her full bladder, as well as the fact that the line in the back had only moved a few people up.

“Oh yeah, the movie was really good,” Katniss smiled, also eager for a distraction, “A bit basic in some places, but overall not bad.

“Oh, you should read the books,” Blake urged, “It goes into way more detail about Alucard and the history of the Tepes, and there’s a lot of themes that I feel the movie kind of glossed over. Also… well, I won’t spoil it, but the book ends somewhat differently. I like it better.”

“That always happens though, doesn’t it?” Sam sighed, “Gotta dumb things down for a wider audience, go with flashy over meaningful.”

“Eh, happens,” Jake shrugged, “I just like to have fun with the movie.”

“It waf pret’y coo’” Tommy spoke through a mouthful of fries.

“Hey, Layna, you alright?” Sam asked, looking over at Layna, who was very clearly uncomfortable and looked pretty distracted.

“A-ah, yeah, I’m good!” Layna replied nervously. Under the table, though, she had her legs crossed and she was rubbing her bulging bladder. She couldn’t help but glance at the bathroom line again.

“You know, if you have to go that bad, you could probably get away with using the men’s room, we’ll cover for you,” Sam suggested.

“That goes for you two as well,” Jake extended, looking at Katniss knowingly.

“There’s zero chance I’m going in there,” Blake shot down immediately.

“I’m good, I have to go a little, but I can wait,” Katniss replied. In truth, she was verging on desperate by now, but she wasn’t about to do something so awkward. The idea of peeing on the other side of a thin stall door right next to Jake was too much like the incident from the other day for her to be comfortable.

Layna paused a bit longer, as though she were seriously considering it, but in the end, since neither of the other girls were willing to join her, the thought was far too embarrassing for her to agree to it.

Now that the conversation had been breached, though, it was a lot more awkward for Katniss and the other girls to hold it.They put on a facade, trying to appear as comfortable as possible, but not being able to allow themselves the squirming and shuffling their bodies desperately wanted was practically torture.

“Oh, by the way, did you guys hear Noelle and Mark broke up?” Tommy chimed in, thankfully changing the subject.

“Layna was telling me about that the other day,” Blake chimed in, “Apparently she was cheating on him with a guy from another high school.”

“Man, that’s messed up,” Sam frowned, “They’ve been together for like, three years.”

The conversation turned to more idle gossip and Katniss turned to return to her food. She picked at her half-burger slowly, really just trying to ignore the waves of pressure coming from her abdomen. Her bladder was starting to bulge out against her waistband, and Katniss reached down to rub it. She glanced up at the line, but rather than it getting shorter, it felt like it was getting longer, even though Katniss hadn’t seen any new patrons enter the diner.

Internally, Blake was also starting to worry. Not only was the line practically stationary, but she could tell Layna had to go a lot worse than she was letting on. Blake herself was quickly reaching desperate levels, and if the situation didn’t improve quickly, she was worried they’d have three puddles on their hands.

Indeed, Layna was starting to struggle. She had her legs double-crossed under the table and was bouncing them furiously, barely able to maintain the facade above-table. Her bladder was swollen like a rock in her abdomen, and she was starting to sweat from how much pressure she was holding back.

“I think we should think about wrapping things up here,” Blake suggested, “I don’t think that line’s moving anytime soon.”

“Ah, yeah, you girls still haven’t gotten to go, huh?” Tommy realized, looking up from his meal.

“Yeah, I think it’s for the best if we start heading out,” Jake nodded. He raised his hand to call for the waitress.

After a few more agonizing minutes, the six had paid and all had their leftovers in take-away boxes. Now that they were standing up, though, it was clear all the girls definitely had to pee. As they were navigating out of the diner, Katniss cast one last longing glance at the restrooms, line still insurmountable, and they stepped out into the night.

This left Blake, Layna, and Katniss all in their own stages of pee dance, squirming as they crowded around Tommy’s car.

“There should be a gas station nearby,” Tommy suggested, pulling out his phone.

“No good, I know the one you mean,” Blake chimed in, “The bathrooms are always locked and half the time the clerk won’t even give you the key to unlock them.”

Sam frowned, “What a jerk!”

“Seriously,” Blake shook her head, “I found out when I was totally bursting too. It really sucked.”

“There’s a convenience store a little further down,” Tommy noted, “That seems like our best bet.”

“Anything works for me at this point,” Layna whined.

With a destination set, Katniss, Blake, and Layna once again found themselves crowding into the back of the car, needing to pee. This time, however, all three girls had to go much worse than before.

As Jake shuffled into the car next to her, he looked down at Katniss in concern and mouthed silently, “Are you gonna make it?”

Katniss blushed, but nodded defiantly and mouthed back, “It’s bad, but I can make it.”

The convenience store wasn’t that far, and Katniss had definitely dealt with worse. She could hold it.

Unfortunately, she had briefly forgotten how rough-riding Tommy’s car was. It was an old sports sedan, so the passengers felt everything. It idled rough and vibrated constantly. The second Tommy turned the key, Layna let out a squeak as she jammed her hand between her legs.

“You alright back there, you sure you don’t want to-”

“Just shut up and drive, hurry!” Layna snapped through gritted teeth.

Everyone made sure they were buckled up and Tommy took off, prioritizing speed. Of course, while the rush was nice, the rocking corners and rough bumps as he tore out of the diner’s parking lot didn’t help. Blake winced and clamped her thighs together as she tapped her foot on the floor fervently. Katniss practically gripped at her thighs as she leaned forwards, focusing on the road and hoping to see the convenience store pop into view.

Finally, another bump did Blake in, and just like Layna next to her, she dropped all pretenses and jammed her hand between her legs. She let out a slight sigh as it offered some relief, but it wasn’t enough.

“Can’t you drive faster?”

“I’m already speeding! If I go any faster and we get stopped…” Tommy let the implication hang. He could tell the girls wouldn’t make it through a traffic stop dry.

Katniss was still holding out, refusing to grab herself, even though it was clear to pretty much everyone in the car that they were all bursting. Still, she wanted to take some pride in holding out as long as possible.

Unfortunately, Katniss didn’t expect the pothole they hit right after, and she felt herself lose control. She gasped. It had only been for a split-second, but she let a spurt out straight into her panties. She blushed, feeling mortified at the idea of the wet spot that was now undoubtedly spreading across her panties’ crotch.

But it wasn’t over. The wave wasn’t subsiding. Katniss felt like she was going to leak again if she didn’t do anything. She squeezed her thighs together, but it wasn’t enough. Finally she gave in and jammed a hand hard against her crotch, trying to physically hold back another leak as they rushed towards the convenience store.

“Hey, there’s the convenience store up ahead!” Tommy exclaimed.

“Wait, but it looks like it’s closed,” Sam pointed out.

Sure enough, when Katniss looked up, the lights on the convenience store sign were out, and the lights had been turned down, signifying that it was, indeed, closed.

“Oh no! What now?” Blake gasped.

“Just keep driving!” Layna ordered, “Stop at the next place, please!”

“R-right! Actually, Sam, I think your house is pretty close from here, right?”

“It’s about 5 minutes away.”

Five minutes? Katniss had already leaked, but now that she was openly holding herself, she could make five minutes. Neither Blake nor Layna said anything in protest either. So, Tommy continued to drive, and the post was moved back another agonizing 5 minutes.

Unfortunately, this turned out to be just a bit too much. They had only been driving for about another minute when Layna let out another yelp. She doubled over and practically twisted her legs together as she looked up in sheer urgency.

“Pull over, stop the car!”

“What, where?” Tommy asked

“Anywhere, it doesn’t matter, I’m gonna piss myself!”

Blake sighed, “Can’t you just wait a little bit-”

“No!” Layna blushed as she admitted it.

In truth, she was already leaking into her panties,and she knew she couldn’t stop it fully. She wanted to at least mitigate the leaks to her panties and pants instead of wetting herself all over Tommy’s car seat.

“Hurry up!” Layna urged.

“I’m trying, but there’s nowhere to pull ove- there!” Tommy spotted a dark, unlit parking lot with a few cars parked around. Layna grit her teeth and bounced her legs as she waited for the car to stop.

“Blakey, move!”

“I’m coming with you, I can’t hold it either!”

The two barreled out of the car and immediately rushed between two cars for any semblance of privacy. They were already tearing at their zippers and buttons on the way over.

“You’re not going to join them?” Jake asked, looking over at Katniss in concern.

“I can hold it a bit longer, until we get to Sam’s house,” Katniss answered.

Despite her reassurances, she was really bursting, and stopping to wait for Blake and Layna really didn’t help. Still, she couldn’t bring herself to pee outside so soon after the incident with Jake.

Speaking of Blake and Layna, the two were fighting with their clothes. Blake hiked her skirt up and tore her panties to the side, barely squatting down before the floodgates opened. Layna, on the other hand, was dribbling into her pants as she fought to pull them down, leaving a small wet patch on the front of her crotch. Thankfully she was able to get her pants the rest of the way down before her bladder totally burst. She lost full control of her bladder muscles as she sprayed the ground beneath her with the full force of all her pent up pee.

She let out a relieved sigh and leaned forwards, bracing against the car in front of here as she practically lost herself to the sheer relief. She was left panting as her powerful stream splashed loudly onto the asphalt below.

Blake was a little more level-headed, if only just, bracing herself and glancing around to make sure no one else was coming to spot them. Not that she could’ve stopped her flow if she wanted. She watched her stream splash hard on the ground like a waterfall as it barely avoided her legs. She spread them even further to keep her shoes out of the ever-growing puddle, but it soon became obvious that it was a losing battle.

“Oh my god, I was seriously so close to pissing myself!” Layna gasped.

“That was a close one, huh?” Blake agreed, “I had to go so bad!”

Meanwhile, back in the car, Katniss was still struggling with her own swollen bladder. It ached and bulged out, and she even reached down and undid the zipper on her own skirt to alleviate some of the pressure. Jake was obviously right next to her watching, but she hardly cared as long as she could hold it.

“Hey, Katniss, you really should just go,” Jake suggested in a low whisper, “I mean, it’s an emergency, and this wouldn’t even be the first time you’ve done this.”

“T-that’s the problem! It was so embarrassing last time, and we nearly got caught!” Katniss shot back, “I… I just can’t. Not in public.”

“I-I understand,” Jake nodded, looking away awkwardly.

Not only had the conversation made things awkward, but they really didn’t help. Katniss’s bladder was still painfully full, and she was quickly reaching her limit. Jake could tell how badly she needed to pee, but he felt like pressing the issue further would only make things worse.

“Hang in there,” he whispered finally.

Katniss blushed, but the encouragement made her determined to keep holding. Of course, no matter how determined she was, a person had their limits. Not to mention that Blake and Layna had been holding in a lot too, so they were taking a while. The seconds dragged by agonizingly slowly, and even as Katniss impatiently waited for them to finish up and return to the car, she reached her bladder’s limit.

It started as a wave of pressure, spasming as she doubled over. She jammed both hands between her legs, but they couldn’t stop the leaks that escaped out of her, fully soaking her panties. She squirmed and shuffled, but she felt her muscles quiver, and when she felt another dribble leak out and run down her leg, she knew she had pushed herself too far.

If she didn’t get out of the car right then and there, she’d be leaving a puddle on the seat or the carpet.

“Jake, open the door,” she begged, leaking again as she lept to crawl out of the car.

Jake did so and helped her practically lunge out of the car. She felt dribbles running down her legs as she rushed over to where the others were peeing. She would’ve preferred more privacy, but they had found the only two cars sufficient to hide them from the road fully.

Layna finished up just as Katniss joined, and she immediately moved out of the way to give Katniss room. Katniss reached up and tore down her already soaked panties before squatting down and letting herself fully lose control. Her powerful stream shot out of her and splashed and sprayed against the car tire, and part of her in the back of her mind felt guilty for peeing on someone else’s car.

“Hey, watch the car!” Layna urged as she pulled up her pants and panties.

“Sorry, I can’t help it!” Katniss blushed.

“I’m surprised you waited so long to join us,” Blake pointed out.

“S-shut up, this is embarrassing enough!”

Katniss was mortified, but that paled in comparison to the sheer relief she was feeling, finally relieving herself. She felt her bladder ache and pulse as her body eagerly pushed out the venerable flood inside of her. Blake had finally finished up next to her, and was staring in awe at the sheer pressure of Katniss’s stream. Katniss panted and sighed heavily as she practically buried her head in her knees and continued to piss at full force, her stream hissing loudly.

Finally, after the relief had finally died down, Katniss found herself blushing furiously. The exact scenario she had wanted to avoid had happened again. This was a little different, of course. She was peeing next to the girls and not Jake again, and unless they got really unlucky she doubted they’d get caught, but the embarrassment and awkwardness from last time washed over her. Then again, her alternative had been utterly wetting herself, and she was now basking in the utter relief of finally emptying an achingly full bladder. This was what she had been into, after all.

With those conflicting feelings ringing in her mind, Katniss found herself blushing as her stream finally tapered off. She fixed herself up, though she couldn’t do anything about her soaked panties. By the end, there were three giant puddles, with Katniss’s once again being the largest. She blushed at this, but part of her couldn’t help but feel a little proud too.

The three girls stood there in an awkward silence, before Blake let out something between a sigh and a whistle, “It did feel good to finally let it out, though.”

“Oh my god, I was dying at the diner,” Layna agreed, “I can’t believe those stupid lines.”

“I barely made it,” Katniss added. In truth, she wasn’t exactly sure if she could call what happened “making it” with how much she leaked, but at least her skirt was mostly dry.

“Say, you girls done? I’d rather we not get caught here,” Tommy called out.

All three girls blushed and replied in unison, “Yes!”

They all slipped out between the two cars, red-faced but relieved, and suddenly Sam arched an eyebrow, “Say, isn’t this a lot like how we found you two, Jake?”

“W-what do you mean?” Jake asked, eyes widening like he’d been caught in headlights.

“All red-faced and flustered, coming out of an alley with Katniss?”

“Say, I do kind of remember seeing some puddles on the concrete. I remember thinking it was weird since it hadn’t rained that day,” Tommy agreed.

“Wait a minute,” Layna asked, blushing, “So the thing you two were doing in the alley… was…?”

“N-no! There’s no way!” Katniss denied immediately.

“I dunno, it is pretty suspicious, especially since you were totally bursting all through our last class,” Blake smirked.

“That’s not-!” Jake and Katniss tried to defend themselves at the same time.

“And I did also notice the puddle. A rather sizeable puddle, and if just now is anything to go by, then Katniss-”

“Alright, can we not do this now? And here!” Katniss blushed.

“I’d also like to get going. A bunch of teens hanging out in a dark parking lot is sure to get us some unwanted attention,” Tommy pointed out.

The group agreed, and all piled into the car, Katniss acutely aware of how soaked her underwear had gotten, and how close to outright wetting herself she had come. Unfortunately, she wouldn’t get any relief from the others either.

“So wait, Blakey, you saw a puddle? So you knew what they did the whole time, and were holding out on me?” Layna asked.

“I had my suspicions,” Blake admitted, “But if I’d told you, you would’ve jumped to conclusions and begun teasing them about it.”

“Well, yeah, probably,” Layna admitted.

“Besides, it’s not my business what other people are into.”

“What do you mean what they’re into? Into what, the peeing? Peeing in public?”

“Clearly not, Katniss really didn’t want to,” Sam pointed out.

“Maybe just the holding part?” Tommy asked, “I mean, it does feel really good to take a leak after you’ve been holding it in all day.”

Blake, Layna, and Katniss all blushed. They had just experienced that, and it had in fact been very relieving.

“That’s a thing you can be into?” Layna asked.

“Yeah,” Blake answered, “Though it can come in all sorts of forms.”

“Okay, how do you know that? Are you into it?”

“I plead the 5th,” Blake smirked.

“Okay, that’s basically as bad as admitting it!” Sam pointed out.

“No it’s not. Like I said, it’s not my business what other people are into, and it’s none of your business what I’m into. Not telling either way.”

Thankfully, Blake’s clandestine confession, if it could be called that, took the heat away from Katniss and Jake, and the whole conversation had taken everyone’s attention away from the fact that all three girls had been seconds away from totally wetting themselves not five minutes ago. Thankfully, by the time they all got home that night, the teasing had evened out and died down, but for the second time Katniss was left with an experience she was sure she would never forget. Whether that was a bad thing or not, however, she wasn’t yet sure.

