Rachel's Desperate Test

Author: SJC Omorashi

*000*2025-06-03 12:31

This is a story I wrote about my OC Rachel desperate during a test. Any feedback and constructive criticism is appreciated. I've made some drawings depicting parts of my story.

Rachel's Desperate Test

Rachel awoke at seven fifty in the morning. As soon as she was up she looked at her alarm clock and saw the time. "What the fuck, no!" She thought to herself. "I was supposed to be up at seven! I must have forgotten to set my alarm." This Friday morning was a big day for Rachel. She had a chemistry test at nine o'clock. She Frantically took off her pajamas and put on her red top and short shorts. Rachel ran out of her room and into the kitchen of her apartment. "Hey Rachel I made breakfast." Rachel's girlfriend Lilly said, gesturing to the table of buttered toast and glass of orange juice for Rachel. " "Sorry babe." Rachel Responded. "I got up way too late and I got a big test soon." Rachel drank her glass of orange juice and ran out the door to make her way to the bus stop.

By the time she arrived to her bus stop it was eight ten. Rachel figured that if she caught the eight fifteen bus she could arrive to her exam right by nine o'clock. Rachel waited anxiously until the bus arrived, right on time. Rachel boarded the bus and made her way to her college. Rachel soon arrived at her college, and ran from the bus stop to the building where the test was taking place. She arrived at the door of the exam room at eight fifty nine, and saw her professor, Dr. Laura waiting at the door. Dr. Laura was a shorter, chubbier woman in her forties. "Hey Rachel, surprised to see you this late." Dr. Laura said. "I got up late Prof." Rachel responded. Rachel took her seat at a desk, and took out her pencil. A few minutes later Dr. Laura passed Rachel her copy of the test. As Rachel started to look over the test, she realized in her rush that morning, she skipped her morning pee, and she was starting to feel the need to pee, kind of badly.

Rachel knew that there was no peeing during a test. The test was three hours long, and Rachel thought that with her mammoth bladder, she could hold it. The test was multiple choice, and Rachel answered question after question without much issue. Her bladder was little more than a minor nuisance for her now. She continued reading the questions, and logically determining the correct answer. Rachel showed few outward signs of her desperation. Her mind was mostly focused on answering the questions, occasionally drifting to thoughts of her filling bladder. Rachel continued at her current pace for an hour. By now her need to pee was affecting her focus on the test.

Rachel thought that her full bladder would affect her thinking ability for the test. Rachel saw Dr. Laura come near her desk, as she was walking around the room during the exam, checking for cheating, and aiding students who needed clarification. Rachel figured since she had a good rapport with Dr. Laura, maybe she would let her pee. As she approached Rachels' desk, Rachel asked her professor for a chance at relief. " Hey Prof." Rachel Whispered. "I need to pee badly. Do you think I could get a quick pee break?" Rachel asked innocently. "I'm sorry, but rules are rules." Dr. Laura replied calmly. "I know you're an excellent student, and wouldn't cheat, but I can't make an exception for you. You should have peed before the test." Dr. Laura said Sternly. Rachel bowed her head and returned her focus on her test.

With two hours left in the test, Rachel had to pee quite badly by now. Rachel usually had an extremely strong bladder that could hold her pee for multiple hours, however, holding her morning pee was always a very difficult task for her. The glass of orange juice she drank that morning wasn't helping the situation either. Rachel continued writing the test, by now her mind was split between the test and her bladder. Rachel answered questions with her right hand and occasionally grabbed her crotch with her left hand. Rachel was fidgeting a little in her seat, as beads of sweat began pouring down her body. Rachel's need to pee was affecting her ability to answer the questions quickly, and she wondered if she would be able to complete the exam in the allotted three hours.

"Fuck, I know this stuff, but I gotta pee so bad I can hardly think." Rachel thought to herself. "Fuck even with my big bladder, a skipped morning pee is a bitch!" Rachel continued like this for half an hour, when her need to pee became desperate. She saw Dr. Laura walk by and decided to plead her case a second time. " Hey Prof, I now rules are rules but I REALLY need to pee. You know you can trust me, I'll be right back." Rachel asked hopefully. "I know you're my best student, and would never cheat, but I can't make exceptions for you. If you leave I have to take your test like it is now." Dr. Laura replied. "You don't understand, I forgot to set my alarm and got up late and skipped my morning pee. It's an emergency!" Rachel begged. "I'm really sorry Rachel." Dr. Laura replied compassionately. "If it were up to me I'd let you, but these rules come from higher ups. If i don't follow them I get in trouble." Rachel's heart sank.

There was now an hour and a half left in the test. Rachel was very desperate now. She was fidgeting frantically, with her left hand pressed firmly in her crotch. Her mind was almost completely focused on her bladder, and was having trouble concentrating on the test. Tears started forming in Rachel's eyes, she had to pee so badly. Rachel's abdomen was now hard and bulging, pushing up against her belt. "Fuck I gotta piss so fucking bad! I can't think straight." Rachel thought to herself. Rachel continued desperately trying to contain her pee, and focus on the test. Rachel continued like this for fifteen minutes. At this point, Rachel couldn't focus on the test at all anymore. She was too focused on her bladder. She saw Dr. Laura was at the front of the room.

She decided on one last desperate attempt to get her professor to sympathize with her poor, swollen, full bladder. Rachel didn't think she could wait until Dr. Laura was near her desk again, so she raised her arm to get the attention on her professor. When the professor glanced at her from across the room Rachel cried out loud enough for the whole room to hear; "PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE let me pee! I'm about to piss myself and can't think straight! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Prof!" "This is the third time you asked, the answer's no!" Dr. Laura answered sternly. "I'm sorry, rules are rules! If you leave the room I'll have to take your test like it is!" Rachel felt hopeless right now. Suddenly, a crazy, insane idea crossed Rachel's mind. This idea might be her only chance at keeping her shorts dry, and being able to complete the test.

Rachel got up from her desk and frantically made her way to the front of the class while holding her crotch. She then made her way to the trash can beside the professor's desk. Rachel unbuckled her belt and pulled her shorts and panties down. "Uhhh Rachel?" Dr. Laura asked confused. When Rachel's panties and pants were down, she began to pee.

A fierce stream of pee began pouring out of her and into the trashcan. "FUCK THIS FEELS GOOD! AAAHHHH!" Rachel moaned as the pee made it's way out of her bladder and into the can. The pee flowed out of her like a garden hose, as Rachel began to feel her once filled to the brim bladder become emptier and emptier. The pee came out seemingly endlessly as Rachel's bladder became emptier and emptier. Once the last of the pee had exited from her, Rachel pulled up her pants and panties nonchalantly. She then looked at Dr. Laura and casually remarked; " I didn't leave the room." The professor was too shocked to say anything. Rachel walked back to her desk to complete the test.

Now that her bladder was empty, Rachel could focus solely on the test. She breezed through all the question, double checked her work, and handed in the test in ten minutes early. As Rachel exited the room, her mind now off the test and her bladder, a deep realization crossed her mind. She had exposed her bare pussy, and peed in front of the entire class of fifty students, and her professor! She felt a deep feeling of humiliation. She not only exposed her privates to the whole class, but urinated in front of them too! "The whole class saw my pussy, and I peed in front of the entire fucking class!" Rachel thought to herself. "How can I live this down? Everyone will make fun of me." Rachel blushed and kept her head down as she made her way to the bus home. On the bus ride home all Rachel could think of was the teasing that would come next time she saw her classmates. Today was Friday at least, so Rachel hoped maybe everyone will have forgotten about it by Monday.

***Three days later***

Monday morning Rachel arrived to her chemistry class early. She went into the class room and was one of the first students to take their seat. She was expecting to be mocked relentlessly when more students arrived. Instead, she was quite surprised at the reactions of her classmates. "Damn girl you rock! Fight the power!" A boy told Rachel as he approached her desk. He then presented his fist to her for a fist bump, which Rachel bumped back.

"Umm thanks..." Rachel Replied confused. More students approached Rachel. "Umm Rachel..." A shy quiet girl said." I had to pee really bad during that test too, and only wished I had the courage to do what you did." The girl said sheepishly. "You go girl! You got guts!" Another girl cried out enthusiastically. "Gutsiest move I've ever seen bra!" A boy said proudly.

"Man I hate these rules about not being allowed to pee during tests. You did something many of us have wanted to do countless times." A girl exclaimed. More and more classmates came to Rachel's desk with similar praises, and giving her fist bumps and high fives, and thumbs up, until it seemed like almost the whole class was around her, cheering on her daring feat. "Let's give it up for her!" A voice cried out from the crowd. A small clap broke out, which then grew to thundering applause. Rachel shrugged and then smiled, sort of proudly, not expecting this reaction.

Dr. Laura arrived as the applause were dying down. "Alright everyone, in your seats and settle down! I have the results from Friday's test." She exclaimed, as everyone made their way to their seats. Dr. Laura began passing out the graded tests. Rachel was worried what she would think, and have to say about her daring feat. When Dr. Laura got to Rachel, she smiled. "I'm so sorry I couldn't let you pee Rachel. My higher ups have very strict policies about students and even professors leaving during tests, and I hate them. God knows even I've been super desperate to pee many times while overseeing tests. Oh and also, your quick thinking was brilliant! I wouldn't expect anything less from my best student!" She said proudly, as she handed Rachel her test. Rachel looked at her mark and as usual, it was an A plus.

&&

&&

