Movie Date

Author: sussytransgirl

*000*2023-07-30 06:04

Same characters as last time, cause I like continuity.

$/91480-tied-up-trans-gf/?do=embed&comment=2099202&embedComment=2099202&embedDo=findComment#comment-2099202"

(Olivia POV)

We walked into the movie theatre.

Evelyn wanted to see some horror movie, which I'm not really into, but I came along anyway.

We got a popcorn to share and two large cokes. (I have kind of a coke addiction)

We sat down towards the back, and waited for the movie to start.

I finished my drink within about 10 minutes, and after 20 more I started to need to pee.

Drinks like coke always make me desperate quickly, but I figured it wouldn't be a problem.

Olivia: I'm just gonna go to the bathroom.

Evelyn: Alright, but come back quick.

I walked towards the bathrooms, but there was a lot of people in there, and being a trans girl, I was nervous to go in a bathroom with a bunch of other people.

I weighed up my options, eventually deciding my bladder would have to wait.

I sat back down in my seat, my need to pee getting stronger by the second.

E: You all good babe?

O: Y- yeah, I'm fine

I kept checking my watch. This movie seemed to never end.

I continued to squirm in my seat, crossing and un-crossing my legs.

After like 30 more minutes, I felt a small leak escape.

My hands shot down to my crotch and grabbed myself tightly.

E: You okay, Via?

I uncrossed my legs and tried to keep a straight face.

O: Y- yeah, I'm okay...

When she looked away, I kept holding myself.

Then it hit me again. A feeling of pleasure.

I mean sure, my bladder was about to burst, but something about sitting in the dark next to my girlfriend, trying not to piss myself was kind of turning me on.

Realising this, my face became hot.

The movie was almost over. "I can make it" I though to myself.

My desperation was a 10/10 at this point, and I was barely hanging on.

I grabbed my dick from under my skirt, which was pretty much the only thing keeping me from fully wetting myself.

Suddenly, some stupid jump scare popped up on the screen, which usually wouldn't scare me, but since I was already on edge, it gave me a big shock.

I let out a small scream, my heart beating fast.

Then, I felt it. Warm piss, streaming out of me.

O: Ah! f- fuck fuck- no!

E: What's going on- Oh...

I sat there as over an hours worth of steaming hot piss flooded my panties and skirt and soaked the seat I was sitting on.

E: Are you okay?

I couldn't respond.

E: I thought you just went?

O: I- I couldn't... too many... people.

I was breathing heavily, face red, completely humiliated.

E: Aw, it's ok Liv. Here, take this.

She handed me her jacket.

E: You can tie it around your waist.

O: T- thanks...

E: All good. I know this is hard for you, but if it makes you feel better, you look really fucking hot right now.

I didn't think I could blush any harder.

I also noticed I was starting to get an erection, but luckily the jacket covered that up too.

After 20 more minutes of sitting in my pee soaked clothes, the movie ended, and I awkwardly stumbled out of the room, feeling bad for whoever would have to clean that seat, or worse, someone who sat down without noticing.

On the drive home we didn't say much.

I couldn't help but feel a little excited about what I just did.

Part of me was really embarrassed, but the other was enjoying thinking about the fact that I had an accident in public.

I was starting to discover something new about myself.

*002*2023-07-31 22:35

Thanks, that's what I was thinking too. I'll try to write some more. Any ideas are welcome.

