Limited Edition - Page 3

Author: secretomoact

*000*2024-11-30 23:30

Written for the Omovember prompt "Wetting In A Bathroom Line".

If you want to see more of Lydia, read “Appearances”. Camille is also in “Firsts” and Thelma and Jade both appear in newer parts of “Hidden”. This is the largest group Omo scenario I’ve ever done, hopefully everyone gets enough attention here.

If you have not read “Firsts”, Camille is a trans woman, so when it’s mentioned that she CAN pee standing up, but is uncomfortable doing so, that’s what’s being referred to just in case it’s not clear.

***

Every year, Shelby went on a long road trip with her father and brother, which was always a lot of fun. They always took a different route and just tried to find new things. Shelby enjoyed the actual driving parts a lot more than Emmett did, mostly because SHE could actually make herself pee in rest stop bathrooms if she really had to go.

Emmett always held it. Whenever they stopped, he couldn’t even convince himself to grab the door handle so he could check to see how gross the bathroom was. Dad and Shelby always both encouraged him to, though.

Especially Dad. Especially now that Emmett was in therapy and the doctor had advised him to try to work with his son and move him out of his comfort zone from time to time. For the last few months, during every drive that was long enough to require a bathroom stop, Dad did his best to get Emmett to pee. Dad would tell him that he’d checked and that the bathroom couldn’t have been as bad as he was picturing. Dad would emphasize to him; “You’ll feel so much better afterwards, I can tell you really need to go.”

Emmett could never manage it, however. Nerves pulled at the corners of his mouth when he just tried to reach for the door. He couldn’t bring himself to make contact with it, and he definitely couldn’t go inside and pee. He just held it, crossing his legs, jiggling his knees, and hoping that they got back home quickly. Then, once there, he would sprint off and Shelby would be able to hear him peeing mere seconds after the bathroom door was shut.

But, those incidents were just standard long drives, visiting places just a little way out of town. The road trips were different, they left the state entirely and travelled through several more of them. Emmett couldn’t hold off for the entire week the trip took. Instead, he only relieved himself at the hotels they stayed in, and at the restaurants they stopped at. Rarely, he would decide that a few of the other locations they visited were clean enough, but not often.

Shelby didn’t think it made much sense, she’d watch him wriggling like he was about to overflow, and then refuse to use the toilet once they’d stopped. She couldn’t grasp why the hotel bathrooms and the restaurant bathrooms were THAT much better to him, since those could be grody too. The most confusing part was that Emmett himself didn’t think it made much sense, either, but that he just couldn’t control what made him panic and what didn’t.

So, Emmett spent a lot of their time on the road bursting for the toilet and shifting uncomfortably, and every time they stopped to eat, he wouldn’t even be able to look at the menu before he was rushing off to pee.

This year, Nova was joining them on their trip. Shelby had a feeling that the main reason Dad had agreed to that was because he hoped SHE could convince Emmett to pee a little more frequently.

So far, that wasn’t happening, though. They had been driving for a few hours now and had taken one stop. As usual, everyone had peed except for Emmett, and now he was obviously in dire need to do so.

Shelby wasn’t sure how he did it. They’d been over several bumpy roads now, and those always did a number on her own bladder. She HAD emptied herself at the last stop, and was now feeling a serious urge to go again. She could barely imagine how bad his situation must have been. She glanced over at him every couple minutes, trying not to watch too closely in case his absolute desperation started to rub off on her. She was already feeling some sharp pushes against her opening, enough to make her tense up her thighs each time the car lurched.

Besides, Nova was watching him intently enough that, if this were to become a big enough emergency, she could speak up and ask Dad to pull over on the side of the road. Emmett would be much too shy to make that sort of request himself.

Nova couldn’t tear her eyes away from Emmett as he scissored his legs roughly and tugged at his seat-belt, trying to move it off his abdomen, away from the unbearable knot of tension lodged inside of it. He kept biting on his lip, leaving small indents there. Then he’d hiss out a breath, flop backwards in his seat and clamp his eyes closed, his knees jiggling so fast they appeared blurry.

He looked so needy, it was precious. Nova tried to turn that off, aware that she was unlikely to ever get over the guilt she felt for enjoying seeing him this way. She knew it wasn’t right to find pleasure in his distress. Poor thing was flushed, sweaty and frantic with desperation.

Nova couldn’t help but find the sight absolutely adorable, though. And, the gears in her mind were turning, thinking ahead to what was going to happen later. Emmett was full to bursting, she knew that once he finally got to let it all out, he would have that cute expression on his face the whole time. His jaw slack, his eyes drooping shut, color returning to his features as he lost himself to a world of relief. And, he’d be going for a LONG time, too, a heavy stream rushing forth with the sharp hiss that only accompanied the most urgent releases.

She hoped that she would get to see him pee at least once during this trip. Might be tricky, though. She knew he didn’t mind her watching him relieve himself, but with his father and Shelby around, they were going to have a hard time finding the privacy for that.

Nova’s own bladder gave a harsh jolt as she continued to fantasize about her boyfriend peeing. She pushed her legs together, registering that it had been quite a while since their last stop— And Emmett had been holding it all that time and more… No, she needed to stop thinking about that. She’d make her own need worse if she continued.

But, it was so hard NOT to! Enough time had passed since they’d last been near a bathroom for Nova’s bladder to fill up again, and Emmett hadn’t gone at ALL! He must have felt so stretched out, so bloated, so—

A fluttery tingle crashed through her abdomen, the walls of her bladder clenching around the liquid contained inside it. SHE was starting to feel stretched out.

By the time they stopped for lunch, Shelby was crossing her ankles back and forth, gripping the edge of her seat and dearly wishing that it were made of porcelain. Nova was sitting on top of her foot, grinding against it. Emmett had both hands clamped over his crotch and had his legs tied up in knots.

Looking at him, Shelby was concerned about whether or not he could even get out of the car and actually make it into the restaurant before he exploded. He gingerly crawled out, taking care to set each foot down outside as gently as he could, but then he was immediately bouncing and swaying.

Nova got out after him, a small tremor in her thighs as she struggled to keep them pressed together as she moved. Once she was outside, she crossed her legs against a ripple of pressure. She could hardly wait to get into a restroom stall.

She was going to have to, however. She had to actually GET there first. And, after sitting in place for so long, her legs had gone to sleep. Walking would have made her body ache even if there wasn’t something extra weighing her down, the fullness of her bladder being added onto it caused her wobbly steps to hurt all the worse.

Once they were inside and the waitress had led them to their table, everyone got up to head straight for the restrooms. For Emmett and his father, this task was accomplished with ease. Emmett tore the door to the men’s room open and ran inside to finally relieve himself for the first time all day.

Nova heard the door lock behind him, feeling shamefully disappointed that she would not be able to observe his release this time. Then again, her own bladder was full enough that it would be better for her to attend to THAT rather than enjoy the sight and sound of her boyfriend letting go.

She tugged on the door to the women’s room, but it didn’t open. She sighed and waited in discomfort, tapping her foot to assuage her need.

Shelby stood behind her. “Is someone already in there?” She groaned, shifting her weight from side to side, knees a bit too close together for it to look casual.

“Yeah,” Nova sighed. She leaned against the wall, and tried not to cross her legs. The pressure against her opening was getting quite bad, and she couldn’t relax her thighs at all. She hoped that whoever was in there would come out soon.

Shelby bounced on the tips of her toes as she smoothed her hands against her legs as the seconds ticked and the door didn’t open. She hadn’t been anticipating a wait like this… She thought that, if anything, she’d only have to hold it long enough for Nova to finish— And that, since Nova was her friend, she’d try to do that as fast as possible so as not to prolong her desperation any more than absolutely necessary.

Whoever was in there ahead of them was really taking their time…

The door to the men’s room opened, and Emmett came out, looking much more comfortable. Shelby swayed, envying him— As well as her Dad when he headed into that room himself.

Shelby reasoned to herself that, since these restrooms were meant for a single-occupant to BEGIN with, it was rather silly that they were gendered. She decided that if this mystery girl was hogging the bathroom much longer, she’d just go use the men’s, and she’d encourage Nova to do the same. Problem solved. There was no need to worry.

Her Dad left the restroom and went back towards their table after a minute. The women’s room was STILL locked. Shelby eyed the door to the men’s with her legs crossed. Her bladder convulsed sharply, pressure mounting, and her patience quickly being cut down to nothing.

She stepped away from Nova, abdominal muscles tingling with the need for relief. Her hand was against the men’s room door when another hand fell on top of it. Shelby jerked away, startled. But, thankfully not SO startled that she lost her hold on her bladder. She turned, seeing a man with two little kids— One in diapers, the other probably just out of them and in very obvious need of the facilities.

“What are you doing?” the man asked her.

Shelby tried to ignore the squirming child beside him, but found that she couldn’t quite manage that. “Uh, I just— I really have to go to the bathroom, and—“

“So does my son,” the man said. “And, you’re not even supposed to be using the men’s room anyway.”

Shelby fought not to glare at him as she got back in line behind Nova. The restrooms were only meant for one person— What difference did it even make?! She was going to let his kid pee first, he didn’t have to be like that about it.

The man took his kids into the restroom, and the sound of the door locking was a painful clamp around her throbbing bladder. To distract herself, she gazed back across the restaurant. Emmett and her father were putting in drink orders now. She made no effort to go back over there and place her own— They knew what beverages she liked, not that she could stand to drink anything right now.

Nova turned back around to face Shelby, a confused and irritated look on her face. One of her feet could no longer remain still, and her knees were beginning to press inwards as tensely as her thighs. Anxiously running a hand through her hair, she looked away from Shelby to instead stare nervously at the locked door. “C’mon…” she whispered softly. “C’mon… C’mon…”

She spent the next several minutes wriggling urgently, not even realizing it when one of her hands dropped down and bunched itself in her skirt, pressing against the throbbing ring of muscle holding back her flood. She paced in place, feeling her cheeks flushing just from the exertion.

“Come ON!” Shelby said, much louder than her friend. She too was now making occasional grabs at her crotch, digging her hand against herself as the weight against her cramping sphincters continued to mount. Her eyes darted back and forth between both of the locked doors, begging for either one of them to open and give her somewhere to unleash her waters.

Nova swiveled around once more upon hearing Shelby’s outburst. Now bent forwards slightly at the knees, she chewed on her lip. “I—It can’t be that much longer,” she said. “L—Look, we’ve been waiting so long the waitress has already brought drinks to our table.”

“It’s been long enough…” Shelby moaned, regrettably stomping her feet from frustration. The impulsive action shook her bladder up brutally, the walls burning and squeezing, and she felt the smallest dribble slip warmly into her clothes. She cupped herself even more firmly.

Nova hesitated, twisting on the spot. “Do… Um… Do you wanna go before me?” She offered. ‘If either of us ever GETS to go…’ she thought bitterly to herself.

Shelby clenched her eyes closed, her jaw going stiff as her whole back went rigid. “Y—You’d let me?”

“Yeah…” Nova said. “G—Go ahead…” She stepped aside, allowing Shelby to take the spot ahead of her. “Just… Hurry, alright?”

Shelby’s bladder was so full that she thought she’d be peeing for ages no matter how hard she was pushing it out, but she nodded anyway. “I—I’ll go as fast as I can…” she winced. The promise had an unfortunate effect on her, as now she was picturing herself pumping out a furious geyser of a stream, imagining the untold level of relief this would bring to her. Oh, her whole body would go slack, her legs would tingle, the white-hot pressure fading away into numb, buzzing bliss…

Another few droplets seeped out, and she had to tuck her other hand between her legs to clench it off. “Come ON!” She groaned out, even louder than before. “I’m going to BURST if you don’t get out of there soon!”

There wasn’t even a response from behind EITHER of the two bathroom doors. None of the occupants cared that Shelby was having an emergency and it was taking everything she had not to just pee her pants right here and now.

“We’ll make it,” Nova said, though her own voice was wavering with immense uncertainty. If a toilet didn’t become available to her really, REALLY soon, she wouldn’t be leaving this restaurant with dry panties. They already felt a little clammy beneath her hand, and she hoped it was only the sweat from her clenched palm and quivering thighs that was saturating them. “I— I saw some bushes out behind this place, if it gets much worse, we could just… Do it there.” Hopefully Shelby’s father wouldn’t object to that when he saw the two of them running back out the front door.

Nova looked in that direction, trying to determine if maybe they could get back outside unnoticed. Just as she did, the doors opened and a family walked in. A mother, father and two daughters. Nova actually thought she recognized the father, he looked a lot like a talkshow host that her Mom watched sometimes. But, she couldn’t tell for sure if it was really him or not.

Even if it was, she couldn’t go try to get his autograph for her Mom right now. Not when she needed to keep at least one hand firmly welded to her crotch to keep anything from spilling out of her. Maybe after she’d relieved herself— If that moment ever came…

She watched the family for a bit, doing her best to distract herself by trying to figure out if the father really WAS who she thought he was. He probably wasn’t… This was a random road-side restaurant, not the sort of place she thought rich and famous people ever went to.

The mother was dressed rather elegantly, though. Nova was pretty sure everything she had on came from one of those super expensive designer brands. That woman’s shirt probably cost as much as Nova’s entire wardrobe.

The mother also seemed to be engaged in some kind of argument with the older daughter, whom was dressed far more casually in a t-shirt and jeans— But seemed minutes away from emptying her bladder into those jeans.

“Honestly, Lydia,” the mother was saying. “Can’t we go on one trip where you don’t do this?”

“I can’t help it,” the daughter said. “You haven’t let me go all day.”

“Gas station restrooms are filthy, Lydia,” the mother said. “I won’t have you using those.”

“You let Pauline go!” Lydia gestured to the much younger sister. “Can I please use the bathroom here? I’m not going to make it to the hotel.”

The mother cast her gaze in Nova’s direction, and Nova quickly looked away.

“There’s a line, Lydia. We’re only here to have a quick lunch.”

“Please?” Lydia said. Even from this distance, Nova could see the excruciating desperation in her eyes. Poor girl… Nova couldn’t imagine what kind of person wouldn’t let their daughter relieve herself when it was so obvious that she was about to pop. “Please? Dad?”

“Oh, don’t try to wear HIM down—“

“Honey, we don’t want a scene,” the father said to the mother. “Lydia really needs a bathroom break. Let it go.”

Nova thought he SOUNDED like the talkshow host she was thinking of… But, on TV, he was always so… Confident. It was hard to picture that guy needing to gently reason with and convince his wife to let their daughter pee before she had an accident…

“Lydia, go,” the father said.

Lydia didn’t need to be told twice, she hurried over to the restrooms and got in line behind Nova. Once there, she was bouncing in place, tugging urgently at the waist-band of her jeans and trying to move the material away from the slight swell Nova could see in her muscular belly.

Lydia was quiet for a few more seconds, save for some little whimpers that she didn’t even seem to notice were making their way out. Finally, she asked in a shy voice; “H—Have you two been waiting here f—for very long?”

Shelby managed to tear one hand away from her groin so she could slam it against the locked door the women’s room. “C’mon already! Are you trying to make me piss my pants?!”

“I… I guess that answers that…” Lydia said with a flinch, lowering her head.

Nova got the impression that Lydia didn’t much care for sudden, loud noises like that. “S—Sorry, my friend is kinda impatient…” she said.

“And really, REALLY desperate,” Shelby added, loud enough that she knew the people blocking her off from this building’s only toilets could hear her.

“Oh…” Lydia said. She continued to bounce, and Nova found herself blushing and looking down at her feet. She hadn’t meant to notice, but Lydia… Well, she had… She had rather large breasts. And, with the way she was hopping around, so desperate to pee…

Girls were awfully cute when they really, really had to go, too… Almost as cute as guys were…

Lydia definitely wasn’t noticing the effect that her jiggling was having on her chest, and Nova was trying her hardest not to notice it, either. It was one thing to ogle Emmett when he was bursting for a toilet, quite another to do it to someone else.

Mostly out of guilt for the momentary staring, which she HOPED Lydia hadn’t picked up on, Nova tried to start a conversation to take the other girl’s mind off her need. “So… Uh… I’m going on a road trip with my friend and her family… How about you?”

“M—My dad is filming something around here,” Lydia said. She crossed her legs, not pausing in her bouncing for a second. “He’s um… He’s on TV…”

So, her father WAS the talkshow host, then. The way Lydia said that, it sounded like she didn’t even really LIKE talking about that. That was kind of surprising. Nova had always imagined that people with famous parents bragged about it all the time.

“And— Ah!” Lydia started to lower herself to the ground. For a second, she almost looked like how she would if she was squatting to relieve herself outdoors. She just sat on her foot for a second, squeezing herself against it with her eyes wide and filled with need. Finally she pulled herself back up. “S—Sorry… My Mother h—hasn’t let me use the bathroom all day. She says gas station bathrooms are too gross and I’ll catch a disease. My dad and I barely even convinced her to let my little sister go earlier. I—“ she turned away. “I shouldn’t have said that. Forget about it. Please. I— I talk when I’m nervous, and I say stuff I shouldn’t, or I annoy people, or I just…”

Nova swayed her hips from side to side, trying to calm her bladder. It was thrashing angrily, furious at her for what she was about to do. Lydia had been holding it way longer than SHE had been… “Um… You can go before me, if you want,” Nova said, her fingers straining even harder against her trembling urethra as she made the offer.

“R—Really?” Lydia asked, disbelieving. “But, it looks like you’re about to wet yourself.” There was a beat of silence before her eyes widened again and she stammered; “I— I’m sorry! I shouldn’t have—“

“I—It’s fine… You go first. I’ll wait…” Nova stepped aside, her bladder sloshing even with that slight motion, and let Lydia take her place. “Just… You know, hurry.”

“Thank you…” Lydia said. For the first time in hours, Lydia thought there was actually a chance that she was going to make it to a toilet in time. Whoever was currently occupying the bathroom would surely come out soon, and Nova’s friend sure seemed eager to get in there, she wouldn’t waste a second. Lydia could hang on while she went.

She just had to keep herself plugged shut a little bit longer. She’d lasted for hours in the car so far, twisting and doubling over and coating herself in sweat. But, she’d survived it. She’d kept it all in. Now, she was certain there couldn’t be more than a few minutes left until she’d finally be sitting on a toilet, jeans down around her ankles, peeing to her heart’s content.

Oooh, she should probably refrain from imagining that, though… Her urethral opening was starting to burn, hot liquid right on the cusp of flowing out.

Ahead of her, Shelby kept fiddling with the doorknob, like she could somehow snap the lock into smithereens if she jiggled it back and forth long enough. She wasn’t sure what she’d do if that fantasy managed to become reality. The girl hogging the bathroom would still, presumably, be sitting on the toilet she needed so bad. Maybe she’d just tear her pants down and perch herself on the sink, opening the floodgates. She was small, her weight couldn’t have been more than it could handle.

God, the thought of pissing into a sink— Or, indeed, anywhere at all, was torture. She didn’t care where she went anymore. She was so crazed with need that she was even imagining spraying the wall of this narrow hallway she’d been stuck in for so long. The main thing holding her back was knowing that Nova would never do that (And she doubted Lydia would either) so subjecting them to the sight of HER doing it would be cruel.

How long had she been waiting here, anyway? It felt like an eternity and a half… Had the girl in the restroom fallen asleep on the toilet? Had that man and his kids dined and dashed, sneaking out the bathroom window? Why was it taking so damned long?!

She looked back towards the table that she SHOULD have returned to ages ago. Emmett and Dad actually had food now— THAT was how long she’d been waiting to use the bathroom; Long enough for the kitchen staff to cook a meal.

Behind the table, the front door was opening again. A small group entered, two short guys, and one taller girl. Shelby could tell right away that the girl would soon be joining her in this Hellish line.

Once they were at their table, Shelby overheard the girl talking to her friends; “Next time, if I’m asleep while you guys are having a bathroom stop, just wake me,” she said.

“Sorry, Camille,” one of the guys said. “We just thought, since you were up late last night you wouldn’t want us to bug you…”

“Alex,” Camille said. “Don’t feel bad. I know you were just trying to be considerate, but now I’m about to burst.” She stood from the table and hobbled as briskly as she could to the small hallway housing the restrooms. There was obvious dismay on her face when she saw three girls, all in really rough shape, waiting for the toilet.

Shelby was still gripping uselessly at the doorknob as her other hand remained permanently pinned against her aching urethra. Lydia was alternating between jiggling rapidly and doubling over with her legs furiously crossed. Nova now had both hands welded to her crotch, her ankles rubbing and her thighs tenser than ever.

“Wh— What’s going on?” Camille asked with alarm. Clearly, these three had been waiting for a while… And SHE didn’t think she could wait much longer. Her bladder was rock hard, swollen and heavy. It was taking a lot of effort not to grab herself, but seeing the state the others were all in, she didn’t think that her desire for modesty would hold out much longer.

“This chick won’t get the Hell out of the Goddamn bathroom!” Shelby informed, finally removing her hand from the doorknob so that it could tuck back between her straining legs. Every inch of her body was twitching now, the spasms of her bladder taking full control and forcing her to contort every which way.

Camille was a little taken aback by Shelby’s angry tone, but couldn’t exactly blame her. The frantic rolling in her own abdomen— Holy fuck, she had to pee— wasn’t putting her in a very cheerful mood, either. “Y—You’ve knocked, right? T—To make sure someone’s actually IN there?”

“Yes, she won’t respond,” Shelby said, crossing her legs so much that it didn’t look like her feet would be getting any blood flow anymore.

“Then… Maybe no one’s there,” Camille reasoned. It was so hard to keep a level head under this much pressure, but she was actually HOPEFUL that this was the case. If the bathroom was just empty, and the lock had been engaged by mistake, that just meant she had to get a member of staff to unlock it, and she’d be peeing relatively soon. “Let me try, just to check.” Camille knocked lightly on the door.

And then, finally, someone knocked back .

Camille’s heart sank. A heaviness settled atop her bladder, and it was amplified when the other three girls all moaned in unison. “Ex—Excuse me,” she called. “It’s been a long time… And… We all really need to go out here. Do you know how much longer you’re gonna be?”

“Just a second,” a woman’s voice called.

More groaning from the other girls, and this time Camille joined them.

“No, I haven’t got a second!” Shelby shouted back, the speed at which she was bouncing increased. “I’ve got to pee NOW!”

Behind her, Lydia flinched again, and her hands finally found their place between her own trembling thighs. “N—Not so loud…”

“Sorry, sorry,” Shelby mumbled, pacing in a tiny circle in front of the door. “I just— I really, really, really need to go. Like, super bad.” She pushed her hands even more firmly into her groin, her face going pale as sweat cascaded down it.

“I know… So do I…” Lydia’s voice was pained. Her hips shimmied nonstop, and she could no longer let go of her crotch, despite the obvious embarrassment it was bringing her.

Camille begrudgingly took her spot behind Nova. Camille finally moved her hands beneath her own skirt to hold herself, her legs crossing as she tried not to think about how she hadn’t used the bathroom since early that morning.

Nova chewed on her lip. She was now positive that a lot of the moisture between her legs was NOT just sweat. She’d felt herself spurt a few times, felt warmth trickle into her panties despite all of her clenching and squeezing. She had to go… She wanted to run outside and go in the bushes with Shelby… She wanted to do that so bad…

And that, of course, got her mind working against her. In more ways than one. She was now imagining all FOUR of them making a break for it, running outside to unload their overstretched bladders. Lydia would yank down her jeans and squat, the same pose she’d been in earlier, but this time with a torrential downpour hissing from between her legs to wet the dirt below her. Camille would lift her skirt, and pull aside her panties, barely crouching in time to avoid dousing her legs. Meanwhile, Nova and Shelby would stand and hose down the grass in front of them, and Lydia and Camille would be so surprised that they could even do that.

Mmmf… Why did EVERYONE have to look so cute when they needed to pee? Why did it have to make Nova imagine these things about them? Her guilt mounted just as sharply as her desperation, and for a crazy second she was scared everyone could read her mind, and knew exactly what she was picturing.

“Y—You can go ahead of me,” Nova said to Camille. “It’s okay. I— I heard you talking to your friends about h—how you missed your bathroom break a—and everything.”

“You’re sure?” Camille asked, eyeing her.

Nova was aware of how close to exploding she must have looked. “I mean… I’ve already been waiting forever; How big of a difference is one extra person gonna make?” she said, tensing her legs as she tried her best to convince her bladder that this was true.

As Camille cut in front of her, Nova looked down at the floor, trying to take in very shallow breaths. It was to the point now that the mere act of drawing air into her lungs was enough to make the walls of her bladder stretch even thinner. She didn’t dare let go of herself.

She leaked again when she heard the unmistakable sound of a zipper being moved. She hoped against hope that the noise had come from inside the restroom, and that the person occupying it was finally on her way out. But, Nova doubted that she would be able to hear that from her current vantage point, so far back from the door now.

Nova craned her neck around, then quickly averted her gaze when she caught sight of Lydia’s now exposed light pink panties. Poor girl had unzipped her pants in an effort to remove some of the strain on her bladder. Now she was using one hand to try to tug her shirt down over her open fly, while the other remained clamped against her urethra.

Nova blushed hard when she heard a very urgent whimper fall from Lydia’s lips. The release of her zipper didn’t seem to be helping her as much as she would have liked. She gave up on trying to hide her exposed underwear, shoving her other hand back against herself instead, her breasts being pushed together in the process.

Nova was so focused on NOT staring too much at Lydia that she didn’t notice the line growing larger until a voice groaned behind her.

“Fuck, there’s a line, Jade…”

This was followed by an equally pained sounding; “Oh, come on… Not now…”

Nova turned to see two more women, both in obvious, severe need.

“Thelma, I’m going to burst…” one of them whispered to the other, just barely loud enough for Nova to hear. The woman was shifting back and forth, wearing a pained expression that was mirrored by everyone else in line.

“I am too, Jade…” Thelma said, crossing her legs. They shook with obvious tension, and Thelma lightly pressed a hand against herself before quickly pulling it away with clear embarrassment.

“Everyone here is,” Nova informed, struggling hard to even get the words out thanks to the eruptions of pressure happening all throughout her body. “But… My friend and I have been waiting here for…” She peered around the two new women, towards the table Emmett and his father were seated at. “F—For long enough that the other people we c—came here with h—have finished eating al—already.”

“WHAT?!” Thelma exclaimed, the hand moving BACK between her legs as this news settled in and wrapped electrified barbed wire around her trembling bladder. “Did someone just up and DIE in there?!”

“We’ve talked to her! She still won’t come out!” Shelby called from the front of the line, bashing a fist against the still locked door angrily, as if to emphasize it. The reverberations all slammed right into her bladder and she quickly stopped, doubling over to cup herself instead. “Mmmf—I am going to explode…”

“Have you thought about kicking the door down?” Thelma asked. “Jade and I both haven’t gone since we left our friends’ place last night.”

“That long?!” Camille was stunned. She thought SHE’D been holding it forever, having not visited the restroom since early in the morning.

“Y—Yeah— It’s been so—“ Thelma broke off, interrupted by a sharp hiss. From her place right in front of her, Nova could see a dark spot form along her inner thighs. “Shit! Shit!” She squeezed her hand even more firmly into herself to staunch the flow. She was successful in this endeavor, but her leak had caused bigger problems.

EVERYONE had heard the rush of her spurt flowing out, and none of their bladders had appreciated the tantalizing noise— The reminder of how good it would feel to relax their sphincters for even one second.

Nova and Jade, being so close to Thelma, had it the worst. Jade began to hop lightly in place as her fists clenched and unclenched, and Nova felt her panties suddenly grow much warmer beneath her cupped palms.

Ahead of them, Camille released a pained, clenched noise that was somewhere between a grunt and a sob. Her bladder clenched up hard, and she lost it for a few solid seconds, leaking enough that she could feel a trickle gliding down one of her legs. She wrenched back control with a whole lot of painful contorting and clutching.

Lydia was shaking and holding back tears now, alongside her overflowing bladder. Her body was determined to pump out SOME kind of liquid, the pressure was beyond anything she had ever felt— It was filling her up everywhere. Swollen, full, ripping… Her cheeks grew damp as the tears started to spill, brought about by nothing more than the immense pain ricocheting through every corner of her body.

Shelby was tangled up in so many knots, everything she had was focused on screwing closed her bladder’s exit. Her legs were coiled, crossing hard at the ankles and the knees, her palms kneaded furiously against herself, she twitched from head to toe, huffing out her breaths.

When she heard Lydia whimper again, that was enough of a tease that a tiny burst, mere droplets of the roaring ocean locked inside of her, jetted out. “This is… This is bullshit… I can’t take it much longer… I can’t… I can’t…” she was no longer shouting this at the door, just mumbling it to herself. She didn’t even sound that frustrated anymore, merely broken. It was almost like she had accepted that she was going to pee her pants, that it was inevitable, and she was only suffering as she waited for that to finally happen.

Nova cringed as she turned back to Thelma and Jade. The wet streak on Thelma’s pant leg was really obvious. Nova had worn a skirt, so even though her panties were really getting damp, nothing was showing on the outside yet… “You two can… C—Cut ahead of me,” she forced herself to say.

It would be worse if Thelma wet herself, she reasoned. Nova could at least spread her legs apart if she lost it, let it all go straight down to the floor and hopefully not splash her legs too severely. She could change her underwear, and move on. Thelma’s pants would be drenched, and they were in such a light shade of brown that they might end up staining.

“Are you sure?” Jade asked.

“Come on, Jade!” Thelma cried, a hand fluttering around near her waist before finally tucking between her damp thighs. “She said we can, so please?!” She gestured to the line with her other arm, which Nova could now see just ended; Thelma only had one hand.

“Alright… If she’s sure,” Jade said. She hadn’t needed much convincing. Her own bladder was splitting at the seams, when she looked down, she could see a small bump below her navel, protruding just slightly. She cringed and unbuttoned her skirt— Her belt had already been unclasped ages ago, when she and Thelma had still been driving in search of a bathroom.

Thelma saw what Jade had done, and set about copying her. She reached to to the button on her pants and grasped it. But, between how badly her hand was shaking, and the fact that she lacked a second one to help stabilize it, she just couldn’t get the button through the loop. “Ah—! Jade, Jade!” Hopping with extreme need, she pointed to her waist-band, and the button jamming itself furiously into her rock-hard bladder.

Jade understood right away and unbuttoned Thelma’s pants for her. “Zip down too?” She asked.

Thelma thought about it. It always took a little longer for her to get her pants off ever since she’d lost her hand. She imagined herself finally getting to the bathroom, only to flood herself anyway because she couldn’t manage the zipper in time. Embarrassed, she nodded.

Jade pulled down her zipper, knowing this was for the best. Her own hands were trembling so much that it was hard for her to do this, Thelma would have a much harder time if she waited and tried to do it herself.

Nova averted her eyes before she accidentally learned what color Thelma’s panties were. She stared out at the line separating her from relief— Relief, ha… Like that door was ever going to open… She was starting to wonder if this was all a weird dream.

Hold on! Maybe it was!

She HAD had dreams like this before, actually! Dreams where she needed to go really bad, and she was stuck in a super long line that never seemed to move, everyone ahead of her just as close to bursting as she was. Except, in her dreams, the lines consisted of both men AND women, plus Emmett would ALWAYS be directly ahead of her, wriggling cutely and telling her over and over that he needed to pee so, so much… She often woke up from these dreams damp, but not with pee, then she’d just stumble to the bathroom and let it flow with ease.

This was a LITTLE different from her dreams. She was only with other girls, and Emmett had gotten to pee a while ago, so he wasn’t urgently bouncing right beside her. But, that didn’t mean this COULDN’T be a dream. Maybe she’d fallen asleep in the car, and she only had to wake up and ask Emmett and Shelby’s dad to pull over somewhere. Maybe she could be peeing in just a couple minutes.

She reluctantly pried one hand out from beneath her skirt and used it to pinch her outer thigh.

And, she didn’t wake up.

This wasn’t a dream.

She really had to stand here and keep holding it. And holding it. And holding it. She lost herself to the delirium of her desperation for a while— She didn’t know how long— and then she finally heard a click.

At first, she thought she’d hallucinated it.

But, then the women’s room door was opening. A girl stepped out, looking at the line she had caused in utter bewilderment, like she hadn’t anticipated that holing up in a bathroom for at least an hour straight would prompt such a thing. “Sorry, I was trying to finish my make-up.”

Shelby took the briefest of seconds to try to memorize this girl’s face so that she could later create her in The Sims and then trap her in a swimming pool with no ladder. But then she was hurrying into the bathroom before the door had even shut all the way. Finally! God damn! She had to fucking GO!

She didn’t even bother locking the door. Lydia knew she was in here and, while she wouldn’t really BLAME the girl if she came barging in on her to flood the sink or something, she doubted she actually would. Hell, even if she did, Shelby wouldn’t mind all that much. It wouldn’t be like Lydia was doing it to invade her privacy.

Shelby threw the toilet seat up, shoved down her pants, positioned her hands and immediately started to push out one of the strongest, hardest streams of her entire life. She was not prepared for how amazing it would feel, her mind turned into mushy static and a loud moan fell from her lips. The drop in pressure was intense, and it made her entire body tingle. The stream slammed loudly into the bowl, hissing furiously and only getting louder and more forceful as time went on. Her bladder continued to cramp, trying to empty itself even faster, but now the spasms actually felt GOOD, pumping out more liquid and flooding her with even more intense relief.

Outside, everyone still waiting could hear Shelby releasing herself, the torrential downpour accompanied by her loud gasps and sighs of relief. It invoked immense jealousy in all of them and, the further back a girl was in the line, the worse she felt. Lydia only needed to be subjected to the noise of Shelby letting go before her turn arrived. Nova would have to hear EVERYONE.

For now, she was only slightly worried about that. When she thought of the adorable face Shelby was probably making right now, her lips parted, her eyelids fluttering— The exact same expression Nova so loved to see on Emmett— she was at least somewhat distracted from how desperately she needed to be in Shelby’s place.

Jade, one spot ahead of her, was not able to distract herself in such a way. No, to her, hearing and picturing Shelby enjoying the relief she so dearly craved only served to drive a spike into her blisteringly full bladder. Her jiggling got faster, and she too had to go ahead and just unzip her pants. This only gave her engorged midsection a little more space, but it was better than nothing.

Inside the restroom, Shelby’s typhoon finally dwindled off and stopped. She stood there a moment longer, dazed and trying to catch her breath, but she made herself get moving as fast as she could. People were waiting on her and, unlike SOME folks, she didn’t want to make them suffer any longer than necessary. She pulled up her pants, washed her hands and nearly left, before remembering that Lydia probably needed the toilet seat to be DOWN and would be in too big of a rush to notice if it wasn’t.

Shelby lowered it and then exited the room. Lydia immediately wobbled past her and the door shut once again.

Lydia didn’t think she’d ever run so quickly to a toilet before. She jiggled in front of it as she pulled down her pants, finally collapsing onto the seat. And then, she just… Sat there for a bit. She had been clenching her muscles with every ounce of her strength for so long, that it took a bit for her bladder to actually get the memo that it was okay to relax.

When, at last, her valve opened, she was merely dribbling. Her sphincters were still so taut and exhausted, and her bladder was so full that, paradoxically, it couldn’t empty itself very well. Its walls had been stretched to capacity, and now they strained to actually push everything out.

Even so, just sitting here, trickling into the bowl felt like pure bliss to Lydia and she couldn’t resist a sigh. “Ahhh…” Simply not NEEDING to squirm and writhe and force back her waters was an amazing feeling. If it weren’t for everyone else waiting on her, she would have been perfectly content to just sit there, letting her stream slowly exit her body.

But, people WERE waiting on her, and they were feeling every bit of the awful desperation she had been dealing with. So, Lydia rubbed a hand over the still hard, swollen rock of her bladder, tapping her fingers lightly against the bump. She felt something down below twitch and spasm, and then a waterfall was blasting out from between her legs.

Ohhhh… Oh, wow… That felt even better… Ahhhhh…. She shuddered and leaned back, her legs shuddering, her eyes rolling. Relief dominated her senses, and she could think of nothing aside from how good this feeling was. The deluge of liquid blasted out so fervently that it was echoing in the small room. She dimly registered that that was, perhaps, a little embarrassing; Everyone still in the hall could surely hear that she was currently peeing her brains out, but she could hardly bring herself to care at the moment.

Everyone outside, having no choice to listen, certainly DID care, though. Camille, the next in line, lost a few more errant spurts. She squeezed herself until it hurt, skipping in place and silently begging Lydia to please, please finish up. Her need was beyond anything she had ever felt before.

Camille was even starting to consider standing up to pee once she finally got into the bathroom, purely because it would be faster. She cringed as she thought about doing that, she hated having to touch that area of her body. It just felt really gross to her. She hoped she could hang on long enough to sit so that she could keep that sort of contact to a minimum.

The only time she’d stood to pee during the last few years had been at a music festival with the most disgusting portable toilets she’d ever had the misfortune of seeing— Even then, her discomfort at having to aim was almost on par with the revulsion she felt at the idea of sitting on that seat.

Behind Camille, Thelma was grinding herself against her hand, worrying anxiously on her lip. A lot of things had gotten more difficult since she had lost her other hand, and now she was learning that ‘holding her pee’ was one of them. Her grip on herself would certainly be a lot more firm and steady if she still had both. One simply didn’t feel like enough anymore. And, her bladder agreed, forcing out another long gush that made her thighs feel clammy.

Jade’s legs were locked together, and she didn’t dare let go of herself. Sweat rolled down her neck, cascading down her back. She was the most still out of the four girls still waiting, but that was not because she was any less desperate. Her bladder simply felt like it was balanced very precariously inside of her, and that even movement at all would send its contents sloshing out over the edges. Her body was begging her to writhe, screaming at her to writhe, but she somehow felt more secure just standing there, clenching everything and keeping as still as she could manage.

Nova’s condition was worsening rapidly. Even picturing Lydia— Whom Nova had to admit she did find quite cute— sitting on the toilet and losing herself to her relief couldn’t distract her much. She was sure Lydia’s expression was absolutely precious right now, but all Nova could really think about was how Lydia was currently doing the thing that she was DYING to do. Her leaks were coming at regular intervals now, and it didn’t matter how hard she clenched her muscles or how tightly she held onto herself.

Inside, Lydia finally emptied herself of the last remaining drops. Her legs felt so numb, still tingling from the euphoria of her relief. It took her a second to actually be able to stand back up again, and then she was surprised by how sore her lower abdominal muscles were— They usually only felt that way after a hockey game, she couldn’t believe she’d exerted herself THAT much just trying not to soak her pants.

When Lydia left the restroom, she was almost trampled by Camille in her haste to get in. Lydia stumbled a little, but said nothing. She couldn’t blame Camille for being so frantic.

Once inside, Camille flipped up her skirt and yanked down her panties, already peeing before she had lowered herself onto the seat. But, thankfully, it all went into the bowl, and she barely had to touch anything that she didn’t want to. She relaxed as she heard her stream hiss, settling in for what was likely to be one of the longest pees of her entire life.

Up until now, she had been annoyed with her friends Adam and Alex for not waking her during their last bathroom stop, but now all of that irritation faded away along with the pressure in her bladder. She’d still made it to a toilet in time, and since she’d gotten so desperate, the sensation of letting go at last felt so much better. She heaved a loud, slow sigh, content and thoroughly relieved.

Her breathing remained deep and slow and her spine shuddered as the warm jet continued to cascade. She realized she had already been going for around the same amount of time it usually took her to finish emptying herself, but this time she wasn’t even starting to slow down yet. She was still peeing with the amount of force that could only come from holding in one’s bladder for the better part of a day.

Just beyond the door, Thelma moaned loudly enough that she figured Camille had probably overheard it. She was losing it. She’d been subjected to the sound of THREE girls emptying their aching bladders now, and her own was starting to crumble. She rocked herself against her hand, whimpering as she felt damp heat occasionally surge into it.

She couldn’t take it much longer. She really, really couldn’t. She felt like she had mere seconds left before she’d be pushing out a geyser all over the floor. She suddenly wanted to sprint back outside, find ANY cover whatsoever— no matter how meager, pull her pants down, squat, and gush for all she was worth.

If she thought herself capable of walking more than five steps without exploding, she may have done exactly that. But, she knew better. She was too full to walk that far. She wouldn’t even make it out of the restaurant before it all came pouring out. Instead, she just strained and clenched, working as hard as she could to prevent more than a few, measly drops from seeping out of her. The pain of restraining even the embarrassing spurts was immense, and her urethra burned with the need to surrender to the crushing weight of her bladder.

Jade managed to tear one hand away from her crotch to place it on Thelma’s shoulder. “W—Won’t be long now, girl,” she whispered, as reassuring as she could be given the present circumstances. Involuntary squirts were escaping her, and they brought her no relief whatsoever. In fact, each time she felt herself trickle out a little of her burden, her bladder somehow only felt FULLER, more on the cusp of completely exploding all over her. The leaks HURT, too. They were scalding drizzles, burning past her clenched, exhausted opening.

Nova felt the heat between her thighs refresh itself again and again. She already knew she was going to have to open her luggage in the trunk of the car to grab a fresh pair of underwear after this was done. She could only imagine how they looked right now, having been leaked into off and on so many times. She was beginning to whimper, thighs grinding against one another while she kneaded her hands against herself, trying to achieve just a smidge of freedom from the pressure.

She let out her longest leak yet when Emmett’s voice startled her. “N—Nova, are you okay?”

She turned to look at him, instantly recognizing the concern on his features. Her crossed legs quivered, and her hands stayed bunched in her skirt. She made zero effort to straighten out— To do so would end badly, and he had seen her desperate before. Hell, there had been times when she’d ENJOYED the fact that he was seeing her desperate.

This, the situation so far out of her control, wasn’t one of those times. “I— I really, really need to pee,” she told him. Understatement of the century… She felt like an overstuffed balloon, like just a sharp enough breeze would nudge her enough to make her burst.

“I know…” Emmett said. “I’ve been really worried, but I didn’t know if you wanted me around you right now or not. I’ll leave if—“

“You can stay. T—Talk to me. Distract me.”

“Um…” Emmett clearly wasn’t sure what to talk to her about. The only subject he could think of was the one Nova’s bladder would want him to avoid. Giving up, he asked “Why don’t you just use the men’s? I don’t think anyone would care at this point.”

Nova looked towards the other door, and didn’t bother going towards it. “Some dude went in there with his kids ages ago and still hasn’t come out.”

“So, they’re BOTH locked?”

“Yeah… They’re both— Oh— Oh my God…” Nova’s knees buckled and she doubled over as the sound of a toilet flushing reached her ears and wrapped tight fists around her bladder.

Camille emerged from the restroom moments later, looking much calmer as she smoothed her skirt out.

Emmett looked at the two women left ahead of Nova, one of them already making a break for the bathroom. They were both obviously in urgent need, too… That was WHY Nova had already let them cut. He couldn’t ask them to let her go first now. All he could do was stay with her and try to encourage her to hang on.

Thelma didn’t bother locking the bathroom door, and Emmett had to quickly look away as he was able to catch sight of her pulling down her pants before the door had even finished closing all the way.

Thelma allowed all of her muscles to cede the second she felt the toilet seat below her. Her body started to tremble with pleasure instead of agony as she let it out. There was no slow build up, it was like a switch being flipped. One second, she was clenching with all her might, the next she was blasting the bowl with the furious typhoon of a painfully engorged bladder. All of her breaths came out as ecstatic sighs and heavy moans.

Jade waited right outside the door for her. She was next in line— She was next! She’d get to pee so soon. So very, very soon… She’d already wet herself a bit, but she was doing everything she could to avoid releasing a complete downpour. But, ohhh… The only thing that could stop that now was a toilet— The toilet that Thelma was currently sitting on and flooding the life out of.

Thelma’s release was teasing Jade’s bladder far more than any of the other girls’ had. Maybe it was because she KNEW Thelma and could imagine the exact look of euphoria that was on her face at the moment. Maybe it was because her turn was SO close… Whatever it was, Jade felt wild and out of control, and she just NEEDED to do something NOW.

Thelma hadn’t locked the door. Jade KNEW Thelma hadn’t locked the door— And she and Thelma had seen each other naked before. They’d seen each other PEE before, they’d—

Unable to even think it through, Jade shoved her way into the bathroom. She heard a startled noise from the guy trying to comfort the one other girl still left waiting, but she ignored that as she slammed the door shut again.

Thelma gave a surprised gasp as well, and the intensity of the spray below her slowed down for a couple seconds, but picked back up at full force once more when she realized that it was just Jade.

Jade looked around the room for an urgent, frantic moment. She hadn’t actually had a plan for what she’d do once she was in here. She knew it was impossible for her and Thelma to share the toilet, no matter how wide Thelma tried to spread her legs out, Jade had no concept of aim in this context. Jade would just spray Thelma if she attempted straddling the bowl above her.

But… All she needed was something to— ANYTHING to—

The sink had a drain in it, that was good enough! That HAD to be good enough! She threw her pants down around her ankles and stepped out of them, then jiggled over to the sink before pulling herself up onto it. She lost all control as she was doing that and got liquid on the floor and counter, but had herself settled over the sink after just a second. Once there, her mouth dropped open and her eyelids fluttered as she just gave in and let herself go.

“Yeah, okay,” Thelma said, sounding a little stunned by what was transpiring, and her own bladder still wringing itself out. “That works.”

Jade responded with a heaving sigh, her eyes shimmering. It took a moment for her to settle down enough to form proper words. “I couldn’t… I couldn’t hold it anymore.”

“I can tell…” Thelma said, giving her own sigh. “It’s never felt this good to pee…”

Jade limply shook her head, still gushing crazily into the sink. “It… hasn’t…”

Outside, Emmett looked back at the door in confusion. He… Couldn’t really think of a way for two girls to share a toilet. Unless they could stand up like Shelby and Nova both could, anyway. Maybe that sort of skill was more common than he’d thought it was…?

He promptly stopped thinking about that when Nova let out an anguished cry. “Emmett, I have NEVER had to pee this bad before…” she whimpered. “I’m serious!”

“It’s… It’s okay,” Emmett told her, even though he knew it wasn’t. It was just all he could think of to say… “Since those two went together, that means you’re next. Just… Just one more minute, right? One more. You can do that.”

Nova was shaking her head, eyes screwed shut. She couldn’t wait another minute. One minute sounded like an eternity. She had never, EVER had to use the bathroom this much before in her entire life. She hadn’t been exaggerating. No prior experience with desperation could compare to the nonstop, surging pulses tearing against her urethra in this moment.

When she opened her eyes again, her gaze fell on the decorative vase adorning the hallway, and she imagined herself grabbing it, pressing its opening against herself and filling it to its top. She was thinking about just pissing against the wall. She was thinking about running to the kitchen, demanding a bowl, and unleashing her bladder into THAT. She had to go right NOW! She couldn’t TAKE IT anymore! She couldn’t, she couldn’t!

Even so, she was still surprised when the pressure building against her tap finally managed to knock loose the cork she’d been trying to push into it. She didn’t realize it until she heard the splashing below her. She couldn’t hold it anymore, and rivers were running down her legs, almost reaching her socks.

Seeing that there was absolutely nothing she could do about it now, Nova fell back on her earlier plan to ensure most of her clothing stayed as dry as possible. She let go of herself, and uncrossed her legs, spreading her feet out and just… Letting it happen, letting her waterfall burst out through her panties, a massive stream blasting against the floor.

She kept her hands behind her back as, instinctively, she kept wanting to grab herself again. She was taking the most badly needed pee of her life in her panties, in public, with Emmett beside her. And, the worst thing about that was how GOOD it felt. The torment of unbearable need being replaced with the Heavenly sensation of relief. It was enough to outweigh the embarrassment, the shame, the knowledge that most eyes in the restaurant were surely on her now as she lost the war that she had been waging since first stepping into the building.

It didn’t MATTER if people were watching her create a lake on the floor. All that mattered was that she really, really had to pee, and at last, she was finally doing so. She had to grit her teeth to resist the moans and sighs that wanted to fall from her mouth.

As her bladder started to run out of liquid, worry started to take hold again. What was Emmett going to think? He’d seen her desperate before, sure, but he’d never seen her have a full-on accident like this before. What if it grossed him out? What if he couldn’t see her the same way anymore?

But, then she felt his hand on her back, rubbing it gently. “It’s okay,” he said. “I— I almost did the same thing when we were in the car, remember?”

Almost peeing oneself and ACTUALLY peeing oneself were two entirely different things, but Nova nodded anyway. He was trying to make her feel better, so that meant he wasn’t disgusted.

Just as the last droplets plinked to the floor, Thelma and Jade emerged from the restroom. “Okay,” Thelma said. “It’s all yours finally, thanks for letting us go f—“ She broke off, seeing the shimmering puddle between Nova’s spread legs.

“Oh… Oh no, honey…” Jade said gently. “We’re so sorry.”

“Y—Yeah,” Thelma nodded. “Totally sorry! We both tried to go as fast as we could!”

“It’s fine…” Nova said, also staring down at the puddle she’d made… It was huge. She could barely believe all of that had been in her. No wonder she’d exploded.

“It’s… Oh, dear…” Jade said. “Do you need a change of clothes? I think there’s a store near here, Thelma and I can go buy you something. We’re SO sorry…”

“N—No,” Nova said. “I have stuff in the car… It’s… It’s fine…”

“If you’re sure…” Jade said, before she and Thelma awkwardly stepped around the puddle to leave.

Nova sighed, “Emmett, I’m sorry… I know that was gross.”

“It’s alright,” Emmett said. “This only happened because you wanted to be kind to everyone and let them go ahead of you, right?”

Nova nodded. That was true… She’d only wanted to be nice… And get rid of the guilt she’d felt for secretly finding everyone’s squirming so cute.

“You know that’s why I love you, you care about everybody, even strangers,” Emmett said. “So, I’m never going to be upset at you for trying to do what you think is right. It’s okay.”

Nova nodded.

“Besides, I’m sure you feel much better now. You really needed that…”

“I— I do feel better,” Nova admitted. “I—“

She was interrupted when the door to the men’s room FINALLY opened. The man came out with his kids, one of whom was wearing a different pair of pants than the ones Nova had seen in him in earlier. His face was pink and blotchy. The dad looked at Nova, then nodded down at the puddle. “Oh, see?” He said to the kid. “Even grown-ups have accidents.”

Emmett stepped in front of Nova then, trying to shield her from this guy’s field of vision. He was trying to muster up the courage to yell something at him— It was partially HIS fault this had happened since he’d hogged one of the bathrooms, and who the heck went around pointing out other people’s embarrassing moments like that?

But, before he could say anything, Nova spoke up first. “Um… Yeah,” she said, looking at the kid. “I… I couldn’t hold it anymore, either. It… Happens.”

&&

&&

