When a Telekinetic has a Piss Fetish

Author: sissypup

*000*2020-01-25 02:56

An age old idea. Let me know if you guys want me to continue with this story.

###

9:30 AM. English class. Staring off into space instead of listening to the lecture. I really would like to pay attention, but I just couldn't anymore. I noticed some movement out of the corner of my eye. Three desks forward and one to the right and there's Janice's leg jiggling up and down. I looked up at her desktop to see a large but empty water bottle, and then I looked further up to see her face checking the clock. Poor girl. Still 20 minutes til break, and Mrs. Roman is notoriously harsh about letting people out during class. I felt a twinge of guilt knowing that she didn't know the half of what she was in for but the blood rushing to my boner was stronger.

I watched Janice for bit. She was a cheerleader and even had her uniform on currently as all the cheerleaders did when we had pep rallies. Suddenly she crossed her legs and began bouncing them together, checking the clock again. 9:35. I wondered if she had drank that entire bottle of water since she last peed. I looked at Janice and focused. I had gotten pretty good with my newfound skills at this point, about a year after acquiring them. Yeah, you might think saving the world or something would be a better use, but the fact is that I'd end up a lab rat and I'm just not down for that. So I decided to live my life and discreetly reap the benefits of my "gift."

I looked at Janice's abdomen and imagined a force forming around her bladder. I could feel it like I was holding it myself. I rocked it back and forth slightly, feeling the sloshing inside. Janice let out a tiny gasp and leaned over her desk, her hand shooting between her legs. Poor thing. Her bladder did feel as full as that water bottle. She was bursting much more than she let on.

Janice checked the clock so I did too. 9:42. She must be worried about making a mess of that cheerleading uniform before the pep rally. Only 8 minutes til relief, Janice. She bit her lip. She still had her hand discreetly between her legs, surely pressed firmly against her urethra to keep the flow back. For the next 5 minutes, I sloshed and massaged Janice's bladder gently. She squirmed in her seat as I squeezed her full bladder and furrowed her brow, clearly no longer able to pay attention to class or hide her desperation. 9:47. I squeezed. I could feel a squrt of liquid exit the balloon I was playing with, surely right into Janice's panties and skirt. She grabbed herself with both hands and let out a small moan, leaning as far forward on her desk as she could. Everyone nearby turned to look and her face turned bright red. I almost felt bad but not bad enough. I squeezed again, a longer spurt this time. Janice's hand suddenly shot into the air.

"Yes, Janice?"

"Um, I-" She was practically trembling. I guess she was pissing herself in class currently. "Can I use the restroom please?"

Mrs. Roman frowned and looked at the clock.

"There's literally 3 minutes of class left! You're a big girl, you can hold it for 3 minutes." She returned to writing the homework problems on the board.

Janice's face burned red. I continued to massage and play with her bladder and she squirmed and writhed in her seat desperately, surely feeling like she was on the edge of pissing herself at any moment. And she was. I could feel the amount of liquid in her bladder and the pressure must have felt enormous. I noticed her hands moving up and down, like she was now rubbing her pussy for relief. I continued to tease her, but I eased up a bit.

9:59. Janice had her bag packed already and was watching the clock ready to run to the bathroom. I felt cruel as I imagined what I was about to do.

10:00. The bell rang. Janice jumped, despite having been anticipating it, and I felt the pressure in her bladder decrease. Another spurt lost into her panties. She seemed to give her pussy one last rub and squeeze and then stood up, making a break for the door. Most students were still seated and packing up. Suddenly the unthinkable happened.

"Janice, can I talk to you?" Mrs. Roman said as she began walking over from her desk, holding what appeared to be a test in her hand. Oh god, this was too perfect. Too cruel, but too perfect.

"Actually Mrs. Roman I really need to-"

I squeezed.

Janice bent over at the waist, raising a leg to squeeze her thighs together, her hands pressing on the top of her thighs but surely wishing to be between them.

"Are you okay?" Mrs. Roman asked, and reached out to touch Janice on the shoulder.

I saw as Janice saw that everyone was looking now.

"Yes I just-" She tried to say, but I squeezed again. A little bit, then more and more. It was time to make it all come out.

Janice gasped and a dark patch could be seen forming between her legs. She seemed to stand frozen as it grew bigger and bigger, until eventually little rivers of pee began to run out from under her skirt and down her legs to the floor. She snapped out of her trance and tried to head for the door. Poor girl. She took one step and I used my powers to grab her ankles where they stood, legs spread wide. Pee began flowing like a torrential downpour out the sides of her panties and straight onto the floor, splashing loudly onto her socks and into her shoes. It was just for a second but it was enough to open the floodgates completely and as I let her go, she rushed out of the room leaving a trail of pee behind her. Her white cheerleading skirt, socks and shoes were now all wet and yellow.

I looked down at my pants to find a wet spot of my own. Damn.

*004*2020-01-25 07:02

Thank guys!

*006*2020-01-26 18:53

{{14 hours ago, HopBop said:

God, what a jerk. Love the story though. Seriously, he should use his powers for better things, like helping them hold until they won't embarrass themselves and THEN doing that

}}

Lol, fair. Maybe some day he will use his power for good.

*008*2020-01-26 19:26

{{1 minute ago, OmoJack said:

No, no, no! Keep being a jerk! A bigger jerk even. Do stuff like flip skirts up and pants girls before or after they wet! Just me that wants to see that? Lol

}}

Hahaha that's what I wanna see, so don't worry you will.

Other suggestions of what you guys wanna see are also more than welcome.

