The Problem with Oliver

Author: SaQra

*000*2019-01-15 23:54

Chapter One:

Big ol' TRIGGER WARNING for behaviours involving self-harm (mention only), eating disorders, and alcohol abuse.

Oliver lurched into the room, his head spinning as he fell onto his bed. Feeling the ache in his stomach, the raw emptiness, the boy suppressed a smile. Sure, he wanted the pain gone. But at least his plan was working. And he had a way to cure his ache without breaking, without eating whatever greasy, crappy food his dad had in the kitchen downstairs...

A bottle of wine. Shitty cheap stuff from a guy at school, but it'd do the job... After waiting for his dizziness to subside, Oliver rummaged through his bag, kneeling on the floor. He took out the bottle and unscrewed the cap, then took a long swig, wincing at the sour taste.

All across his body, small jolts of pain and emotion crackled. It made him wish the wine acted faster. Discomfort from his stomach and his bladder, and the ridged scars on his arms. He thought about his father grabbing his wrist during one of their frequent shouting matches, grabbing and pulling up his sleeve to stare at the cuts. "Pull yourself together Oliver. What the fuck would your mom say if she was here? What would Daniel say?!" The though made tears prick his eyes. They're both gone, Dad, he'd wanted to scream: Mom walked out, and Dan's at college. But he'd stayed quiet. And since then, so had Dad. Not a word about the weed or drink or cutting. As if it would all disappear if they just didn't allude to it.

Snapping back to the present, Oliver realised that his hands had been shaking so much that he'd spilt drops of wine all over his bedspread. Fuck. Well it was filthy anyway. Soon however, the shaking stopped as the wine played it's part. The boy's mind drifted from his fractured home to the others like him at school. Samuel Valentino, who he'd made out with behind the equipment shed after a bout of desperation for physical, sexual contact. And quiet little Damien, who'd doted on Oliver since middle school. "Don't look up to me" he'd thought of saying on numerous occasions, "You deserve someone who'll treat you well. Not a juvie like me." Soon he started to doze, dreams of passionate kisses and pulling fabric filling his young mind.

Then he wasn't thinking of boyfriends anymore, but of his older brother. The dreams flashed about in his head; Mom and Dad arguing in the front room as Dan held me in his arms and wiped away the snotty 9-year old tears. The two of us in bed together. That night I wet the bed cos I was too scared to get up... wet the... wet the bed...

Oliver lay on his bed in a drunken stupor, fully clothed and squirming. Suddenly his body went still, and a soft hissing filled the room. "Wet... the... bed" The suggestion of the dream proved too much for his bladder, and slowly his stiff black jeans filled with yellow liquid...

To Be Continued...

*002*2019-01-16 23:06

Chapter Two:

The slow, steady stream saturated Oliver's boxers, pattering onto his rumpled duvet and the mattress below. Even in his heavy sleep, he let out a slight moan of relief, blissfully unaware of the spreading dark stain on his pants and bed. The pent-up pee of an entire day flowed out, but Oliver kept sleeping for a while even despite his newly wet jeans. He was only to be awoken by the sound of a car in the driveway. Wha? What... the fuck? He felt cold, clammy fabric clinging to his legs and sat up, staring in disbelief at the wet patch he was now sitting in. D-did I spill something? He fumbled with his belt, pulling his fly open only to see his pissy boxers. No... this didn't. I didn't... He stayed for several minutes, shocked at the fact he'd... wet his bed. I-it must've been the alcohol. The boy suddenly froze, hearing the front door slam, then stood shakily. There were rapid footsteps on the stairs, and then a knock on Oliver's bedroom door...

"Uh... just... d-don't come in!" He shouted, his speech slurring. He tried to take off his jeans and stuff them in the overflowing laundry hamper, but only succeeded in knocking over the pungent bottle of wine. "Fuck! Fucks' sake..." Frustrated tears welled in his eyes as he shouted, then clapped a hand over his mouth. A familiar voice came through the door, "Oli, I'm coming in. Dad called me, and said you were... out of control. Can we talk?"

Oliver stood, transfixed in horror, with his soaked jeans, visible wet shorts and a puddle of wine on the floor as the door swung open, and his student brother Daniel walked in...

*005*2019-02-26 19:19

"Oliver?..."

Daniel stood across from him, disbelieving. His eyes scanned the boy's room, from the spilt wine to the ruined bedspread to his brother's stained jeans.

"What happened?"

Oliver stayed silent, his lips pursed and eyes damp with tears...

"Nevermind. Can you get changed? I'm going to pack you a bag, and then we're leaving." And with that, Daniel turned away and started rummaging around, studiously ignoring the mess that was Oliver's room as he searched for clean underwear and clothes to stuff into a battered suitcase.

Oliver dizzily stripped off his jeans and boxers, accepting the red underwear Daniel threw him, and then picking up another crumpled pair of jeans, grey this time, from the floor. Now dressed, he grabbed his old 3DS and stuffed it into the case before his brother could zip it shut. "Where are we going Dan?"

Daniel hesitated, his face hidden by a turned back, then spoke; "You're coming to live with me for a while Oli. Dad can't... he can't handle you anymore. Now go and get in the car, okay?"

