Rachel's Desperate Security Job

Author: SJC Omorashi

*000*2025-05-11 14:21

This is a story featuring my OC Rachel. Any feedback is appreciated.

Rachel's Desperate Security Job

Rachel arrived at her security office for her twelve hour shift, from six o'clock a.m. to six o'clock p.m., twenty five minutes early. Rachel had long black hair, and wore her security uniform consisting of a white dress shirt, a black tie, and black cargo pants. Rachel usually worked weekend over night shifts, because she went to college during the week. This week however, she had a break week from college and decided to pick up some extra shifts. Her supervisor, Erin was grateful too, as there had been a lot of unexpected sick calls and employees quitting recently at the office building where Rachel worked. "Hey Rachel, thanks for picking up the extra work." Erin said to Rachel.

Erin was a shorter, chubbier lady in her early forties. She wore a security uniform identical to Rachel's "No problem." Rachel replied happily. "We've been so short staffed lately, it's been rough." Erin exclaimed. "We're still down the two relief guards today. I guess I'm the only one here to cover breaks and lunches today." Erin said disheartened. Most of the guards at Rachels site were at a post that couldn't be left. The relief guards were there to fill in for breaks and lunches, and also tend to any unexpected situations that occurred in the building. Since they weren't here today, Erin would have to cover breaks and do her usual supervisory duties of writing the shift report, and seeing to anything else involving the guards. As six o'clock approached, Rachel took a radio and made her way to her post.

Rachels post for the day was to stand at a group of elevators, and ensure everyone who entered into the elevators had an employee I.D. badge. She stood by the elevators and began her work. Employees began arriving shortly after she assumed her post, and the building doors were unlocked at six o'clock a.m. The job was monotonous. Employees would arrive, present their pass, and wait for an elevator door to open. Rachel soon grew tired of the repetitive exchanges that would go on. An employee would arrive, say " Morning.", or some similar greeting, and present their pass. Rachel would reply " Morning, thank you." back to each employee, and resume her repetitive task.

This was a big change from her weekend night shifts that she was used to. During her usual shifts, Rachel would be alone in an empty building for the duration of her twelve hour shift. She would do a few patrols around the building, ensuring there was no water leaks, or other similar problems in the building, but most of the night she would spend in the security office at a desk. During this time Rachel would bring her laptop and get some school work done. When Rachel finished all her school work and studying, she would engage in one of her favorite hobbies, reading a good book. Rachel enjoyed her usual job, as in her mind she was paid to do nothing. This was a major change from the day shift, where she had the very mind-numbing and repetitive task of checking employee passes over and over again. Rachel continued her task until her break came two hours later at eight o'clock.

Erin arrived to relieve Rachel for her break and Rachel made her way to the little convenience store in the building. Rachel wasn't used to starting work at this hour, and was quite tired. She bought four high caffeine energy drinks, each at five hundred milliliters in volume. She paid for the drinks and made her way to the security office to drink them. Once she was in the office she quickly chugged down the four cans, hoping they would give her energy, and maybe even relieve her boredom.

After Rachel finished the energy drinks, she saw her fifteen minute break was almost over, and made her way back to the elevators. Rachel relieved Erin, and resumed her tedious task. Erin made her way to the next guard to relieve them for their break. As soon as Rachel resumed her job, she felt the need to pee in her bladder. She knew she couldn't ask to be relieved right after her break, especially with the site being so short staffed, so she decided to hold it until her next scheduled break. After all, Rachel had a bladder of steel, and she didn't want to put too much stress on Erin, as her plate was already full today. Rachel was determined to hold it until her next break, at ten fifteen.

Rachel resumed her job of checking passes. Her need to pee was mild at first. She could feel it in her bladder but it wasn't causing any real discomfort. Her bladder was just a minor, and occasional annoyance, nothing to be too worried about. This feeling continued until eight forty five. By now Rachel's need to pee was a bit worse. She could feel it quite strongly now. Rachel wasn't fidgeting yet, but her bladder was definitely a nuisance for her now. Rachel's bladder remained at this level until nine thirty. By then, Rachel had grown quite desperate. She wasn't used to drinking caffeine, and it was filling her bladder quicker then she had anticipated.

Rachel was fidgeting very slightly, as her beltline got tighter, and her bladder filled more and more with pee. By now beads of sweat began rolling down Rachel's body. Being in full view of all the employees, Rachel knew she couldn't hold herself or fidget too much. She just shifted her weight from foot to foot discreetly, trying to hide her predicament from the employees. Time slowly passed until it was ten ten. "Finally! Five more minutes." Rachel thought to herself. "I Really gotta fucking go!"

Just then, Rachel got a call over the radio from Erin that made her heart sink. "Erin to all posts, I will be attending a ten eight (medical call) until further notice. All ten nines (Breaks/ Reliefs) will be postponed until I'm available again." "Oh fuck no!" Rachel thought to herself. "Fuck I gotta piss!" Rachel knew that during a medical call in the building, the policy was for guards to stay with the inured person until the ambulance arrived. Rachel knew this could mean a long while until she got a pee break.

Rachel continued trying not to show any signs of her desperation. A task that was becoming more and more challenging. She continued shifting her weight leg to leg, making sure not to pee dance too much or hold herself. She continued like this for fifteen minutes until her desperation increased heavily. By now Rachel had to pee dance a little more obviously, occasionally holding her crotch momentarily to help relieve the pressure on her bladder. Employees noticed Rachel's fidgeting and gave her looks of confusion, which embarrassed her. "Are you ok Miss?" A female employee asked Rachel as she presented Rachel her pass." "Y-Yes Ma'am." Rachel replied calmly, having to remain professional despite her bladder's state. "Do I look ok?" Rachel thought to herself. "I've gotta piss like a fucken racehorse!"

Rachel continued receiving questions from employees like this, and fidgeting for another fifteen minutes, as her signs of desperation were growing more and more noticeable. She gave the same canned response of "I'm fine", as her bladder's need for relief increasingly became more and more unbearable. Rachel knew that Erin was no better equipped than anyone else in the building to tend to a medical call, as every floor had someone with first aid training, and a first aid kit, which is all the guards really had. During a medical call, the employees would always tend to an injured coworker well before security arrived, and security only stayed because it was policy.

Rachel figured Erin would be better suited to aiding her with her predicament, where she could actually help, instead of standing around. She decided to call Erin on the Radio." Rachel to Erin, could I please get a ten nine (relief/break)? It's uhh, kind of an emergency." Rachel said trying to be discreet, as her radio call would be heard by all other guards in the building. "I'm sorry Rachel." Erin replied back on the radio. "I'll be there asap when I'm done with the ten eight (Medical call)." Rachel's heart sank. Erin had to follow policy, even if it wasn't logical.

Another fifteen minutes passed and by now Rachel was nearing her limit. She was doing anything she could to hold in her pee in at this point, as tears started streaming down her face. Rachel was pee dancing frantically, holding her crotch and leaning forward. Her bladder was rock hard and swollen with pee. Rachel thought about how during her usual shift she could pee whenever she wanted, and how she longed for that freedom now. " Uhhh, is everything ok miss?" An employee asked her.

"No it's not ok!" Rachel snapped back. "I've gotta piss so fucken bad, and can't be relieved!" Rachel yelled as all the employees stood in shock at her outburst. By now Rachel didn't care about how she looked, or trying to be professional. Her only goal was holding in all that warm pee that was begging to escape. She decided to make another call to Erin to try to convey her urgency. "Rachel to Erin, I gotta piss so fucking bad! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE hurry!" Rachel begged over the radio, not caring who heard. "I'm really sorry Rachel." Erin replied. "It shouldn't be much longer, I'll be there as soon as I'm done here." Rachel felt hopeless. She continued frantically pee dancing and holding herself, barely able to focus on her duty of checking employee passes. Rachel squirmed and shook to try and contain the contents of her bladder.

Just as Rachel felt she couldn't hold it longer, she saw Erin make her way to her post. "I'm sorry I took so long." Erin said compassionately. "We had an employee slip and sprain their ankle, and as per building policy I had to stay with them until the ambulance arrived. And..." Erin then noticed Rachel's desperate predicament. " Oh you poor thing, go take your break an pee." Erin told Rachel. "Thanks boss." Rachel replied frantically. Rachel made her way to the bathroom, which luckily was close to the elevators she was guarding. She made her way to the toilet. Lucky for her it was unoccupied. She went into the stall, pulled down her pants and panties and began peeing.

"Ooohhhhhhh fuck this feels good!" Rachel exclaimed as the pee started pouring out of her like a faucet. The pee flowed out of her fiercely as it hit hard against the toilet water, making a loud splashing noise. Rachel felt a great feeling of relief as her bladder became emptier and emptier and the pee made it's way out of her. Rachel had a very large bladder, so when it was full, there was a lot of pee inside her. Rachel peed for two minutes straight before she was empty. She pulled her pants and panties back up and washed her hands before exiting the bathroom, to enjoy the rest of her break. Now that Rachel's bladder was empty, and her head was a little clearer, she realized how embarrassed she was after pee dancing in front of all those people and admitting her desperate need over the radio, for all her coworkers to hear. But then she figured it was less humiliating than wetting her pants!

*001*2025-05-12 13:18

Forgot to post my drawing that goes with the story.

&&

