Trapped in a Closet

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2022-08-16 04:36

(Vivianne is wearing a light green, oversized hoodie. She has on shorts underneath it (can’t be seen) and fishnets with black boots)

Seth had invited his friends Elliot, Reese, Vivianne, Lily, and Cameron to a party at his house. Little did two people in the group know that the others had a trick up their sleeves…

Elliot and Vivianne had a crush on each other for a while now. Elliot had openly admitted it to Reese and Seth, while Lily managed to get it out of Vivianne. Vivianne was rather closed off and grumpy, but the others knew it was from insecurity. All of her jokes, no matter how harsh, she never meant, and they all knew that. Seth invited his friend group over, because he had a plan. They were all going to play Seven Minutes in Heaven, but he was going to put a little twist on it… leaving them in the closet for a few hours seemed good for some bonding. Everyone was having a good time at the group gathering, when Seth presented his idea of the game. The others (except for Vivianne and Elliot) were all in on it. Long story short, Elliot and Vivianne were now in a closet.

Vivianne sighed. The seven minutes had been brutally awkward, seeing that neither of the two were doing any talking. Elliot was leaning against the wall, while Vivianne was checking a text on her phone. The seven minutes were up, but the door wouldn’t open. The two knew that it was locked from the outside, so they couldn’t get out until it was unlocked. After another minute of waiting, Vivianne slammed her fist on the door.

”Hey, Seth! Let us out dumbass! Seth!!” Vivianne shouted, but no reply came. It was like everyone had left…

It suddenly hit her. This whole thing was a fucking set up, and now she would be trapped with her crush in a tight space for who knew how long. Elliot looked down at her, being the taller of the two.

“Looks like we’ll be here a while…” He mumbled.

Vivianne simply nodded, and tried to distract herself with her phone. She kept feeling small twinges in her bladder, but nothing too bad. Elliot was on his phone as well, and the two just were playing random games and doing who knows what for a while. Vivianne suddenly felt a random but extremely uncomfortable wave of desperation hit her, causing her hand to shake a bit. The 18 year old had a large, moderate strength bladder, but didn’t realize she had to go that much. Vivianne didn’t want to sacrifice her pride, so she said nothing about her need, hoping that the closet would open soon. There were a couple water bottles in the closet, and Vivianne was getting thirsty. She debated drinking some water, but then mentally scolded herself. She would be fine, it’s only a bit of discomfort.

She drank some water despite her filling bladder, and went back to playing on her phone. Elliot was looking around the closet a bit, and wasn’t sure whether to make conversation with her or leave it. Another thirty minutes passed, and Vivianne was incredibly uncomfortable. Her bladder was heavy, and not moving or grabbing her crotch was making it very, very hard to hold in. A horrible wave of desperation suddenly hit her again, and this time Vivianne dropped her phone and grabbed her crotch, her face flushed from embarrassment as she squirmed. Elliot looked up, and the surprise on his face turned into sympathy.

”Do you want me to tell Seth to let us out now?“ He asked.

Vivianne shook her head. “No, it’ll just make us trapped in here longer, and I do not need the rest of the group knowing about this. S-So keep your mouth shut about it.”

Elliot felt bad for his friend. She was clearly so embarrassed… he wanted to assure her that it was okay.

”Vivianne, you don’t have to be embarrassed, okay? I-I really like you, and even if I wasn’t like having a crush on you, I still wouldn’t judge at all.” Elliot said.

Vivianne looked up at him, and then she smiled. A genuine, happy smile. “Yeah… I-I like you too. A lot.”

Elliot smiled. Vivianne stood up straighter, still holding herself. He leaned on the wall next to her, and tried to distract her with a conversation. While he was talking, Vivianne was still distracted by her very urgent need to pee. She could feel the slight bulge of her bladder against her arms, and her cheeks were flushed from holding in so much pee. Elliot texted their friends, and then groaned at the reply he got.

”They went out to the store and left us here in a closet… they’re like twenty minutes away, and driving back now.” Elliot said, clearly frustrated.

Vivianne felt her heart sink. She could barely move with leaking, she would never be able to hold it in for another twenty minutes… but she had to try. Her waistband from her fishnets was pressing into her bladder bulge, making it more uncomfortable to hold. Ten minutes later, another wave of desperation made a huge leak escape her overfilled bladder. Pulling back on the pee hurt enough, and it sent trickled down her legs. Vivianne was shaking as she tried to keep in the large amount of pee in her bladder. Her bladder was rock hard. Elliot looked like he felt so bad, but didn’t know how to help her.

”Vivianne if it’s really hurting you, you can just go. There no need to be in pain. The others wont care…” Elliot said.

”Elliot I’m fine..” You could tell that Vivianne was tearing up from her voice.

Elliot turned her towards him and hugged her. “Vivianne, just relax and go. Please stop hurting yourself, holding this much in is not healthy for you.”

A couple trickles of pee went down her legs, and then it all just came pouring out. It quickly wet the floor, and poor Vivianne was peeing for at least a minute. She cried softly as Elliot hugged her, she was totally embarrassed.

”it’s alright. I’ve got you. Nobody’s going to tease you about it…” Elliot hugged her tightly.

The closet door suddenly opened, and their friends looked at the two in shock. Lily spoke up first.

”Vivianne we’re so sorry!” She ran over and hugged her friend, the others following after her.

”I’ll let you borrow one of my sisters sweatpants.” Seth said, rubbing her back.

The rest of the night was a movie night, and nobody spoke of the incident after that. Vivianne felt like she could depend on her friends more, but she was never playing Seven Minutes in Heaven again.

- Afterwards -

“I mean, technically, my plan worked.” Seth said to Elliot over the phone.

”You locked us in a closet for at least an hour, and she peed herself.” Elliot replied.

”but you two are together. Because of me.” Seth insisted.

Elliot sighed. “Whatever helps you sleep at night, dude.”

(I’ll do more stories with this group later, also I reused a few names from my previous post)

