Light gone dark

Author: Scoobydew

*000*2018-03-06 04:27

Before we begin, I just want to put a spoiler warning: The Y'shtola in this story is more recent, and has certain character developments that take place during the Heavensward expansion for FFXIV. If you haven't done the 3.0 main story quest, and don't want spoils, do -not- read on! Otherwise, enjoy! Her outfit is below!

Y'shtola knelt down next to a rock wall in Northern Thanalan, poking her head around the corner she gazed at Castrum Meridianum... what was left of it, anyway. Operation Archon had done quite a number on it, and while mostly abandoned, she had heard rumor of Garlean agents being spotted within the ruins. Why they would be poking around in a ruined base destroyed more than a summer past she didn't know, but if there was something of value for the imperials, it was up to the Scion to ensure they didn't get their greasy hands on it.

While the dull murk of the region would have made it difficult for most to see, Y'shtola wasn't so hindered by sight... such was the mixed blessing that had been bestowed upon her. Too much time spent in the lifestream had robbed her of her eyesight. For a mercy, her skill in manipulating aether meant she could compensate and see things that way. Her mentor, Matoya was quick to remind her of the toll it would take on her, of course, but it was better than being a decrepit blind woman for the rest of her days. It also allowed her to see the silhouettes of things as the aether moved through and around them. Walls, destroyed warmachina, Cohorts....

Cohorts?

She blinked and narrowed her pale eyes as she focused on them. A half dozen cohorts and a Centurion. They were attempting to pry open a compartment on a Garlean gunship, with the Centurion standing by looking important and doing nothing, as was expected of a 'pureblood'. Realizing she didn't have much time before they got what they were after, she had a choice; she could call in to the rest of the scions, or the local Flame garrison and hope they got there in time, or take matters into her own hands and dispatch the fiends herself. Taking her cane of petrified wood into her hand, she decided on the latter. She had dealt with worse.

Moving closer as silent as a tribal huntress, she got within range and planned her attack. One of the Cohorts, a 'Secutore', stepped towards her position, possibly to relieve himself. Channeling her aether, she lifting a sizeable boulder from a pile and launched it at the soldier. A faint 'crack!' could be heard from her position as the large rock hit the helmeted man and snapped his neck, killing him instantly. Unfortunately it was loud enough for the others to hear, and they turned to investigate the noise.

Stepping out from her cover, she readied her staff and began to channel aether, maintaining her stoic demeanor. As two charged forth to attack, she blasted one with a burst of intense wind and another with the boulder that had killed his comrade. Enraged, the rest of the squad charged. Channeling aether from the air around her, her feet left the ground and light coalesced around her before exploding outwards like a bomb. In an instant, the other cohorts vanished, their bodies nowhere to be found.

That left the Centurion. Feeting touching the ground again, she saw the garlean draw a gunblade and aim it at her. Raising her arms, she conjured a shield of aether just in time to absorb several bullets from the strange foreign weapon. She thought she heard the faintest of growls as the Centurion began to walk towards her, resorting to melee strikes. But she would never let him get that far...

Dipping her hand low, and jutting it up vigorously, she lifted a number of stones, as well as the centurion himself into the air. The stones arrayed themselves around the armored man, before she closed her fist, causing the stones to crush into him violently. In a matter of seconds, the soldier was twitching, then dead.

Leaning on her cane, she gasped for breath. It was a bit more taxing than she was expecting, but she had taken care of the threat, at least for now. She would inform the Flames of the gunship. Right now, she needed rest. Focusing her thoughts on Revenant's Toll, she teleported back to the Rising Stones.

Upon arrival, she collapsed yet again. Her aether was spent. She should have accounted for the distance she had to travel in her teleport, but the prospect of a warm bed had filled her thoughts. Remembering her mentor's words from before, she relaxed her spell that allowed her to 'see'. If she expended every last ilm of aether, she would die, after all. Climbing to her feet, she listened to the sounds, and oriented herself towards the tavern that hid the Rising Stones, using her hands to grab onto the door frame and guide herself by touch as soon as she was able. Guiding herself to a couch once she was inside, she flopped onto it and fell asleep.

###

....Pressure. She felt pressure in her abdomen. Jolting awake, she let out a whimper. How long had she been asleep? A bell? Two? She couldn't tell... but by the TWELVE did the miqo'te have to relieve herself! Having drank so much water in Thanalan earlier in the day and expending herself so much, she was hardly surprised. She could tell that her aether was far too low to allow herself to 'see' again, she knew she would have to find her way to a toilet the same way she made it into the Rising Stones: by her other senses.

Standing up, she felt a pang in her bladder which caused her to thrust her hands towards her womanhood despite herself. "By the godsssss....." She hissed, her tail lashing behind her and her ears pinned back. She couldn't wet herself; she was a scholar of Sharlayan! A Scion of the Seventh Dawn! Feeling the pang subside, she began to hobbled, first grabbing onto a table, then a chair as she desperately tried to remember where the toilets were located. Moving towards what she knew was a hallway, she let out a whimper with each throb of need.

Entering the hallway, she felt along the wall. After a few feet, she found the first door, and opened it to feel inside. No luck; a broom closet. The false hope was enough of a tease that her aching bladder loosened and released a few dribbles of pee into her pantalettes, and she stiffened and let out a gasp as she fought to regain control. After a moment, she averted the crisis, although she knew she needed to get to the privy -now-. Closing the closet door, she moved down the hallway some more until she felt a second. "This... this has got to be it. I pray it is..." she muttered to herself, grasping the handle and pulling....

Locked.

She pulled again, and again, putting her weight into it, but to no avail. And her body decided it was out of time. Hands thrusting from the handle to her groin again, she felt the flood fill her pantalettes and flow down her thighs as she began to pant in shock. Hot urine flowed from her bottoms, down her bare skin, and either splattered off or continued to cascade down her thighboots before either pooling inside them, or forming a puddle underneath her. Her pants turned into a sigh of relief as her mind became overcome with relief, forgetting for a moment that she was using her panties, not the privy she was supposed to be using!

"...Shtola?" A male voice could be heard behind her.

Snapping out of her primal revelry, she turns her head towards the voice. "Thancred..." she growled. Her cheeks took on a pink tinge as she spoke menacingly to the hyur. "....pray, do not tell anyone what you have just paid witness to. For if you do..." she turned to glare at Thancred, or as well as she could not being able to see.

"I will tell all of your 'female companions' about each other. Am I understood?"

*002*2018-03-06 05:07

{{1 minute ago, Darksyn said:

Poor Y'shtola!

Why was the bathroom locked, I wonder?

Ah well. Thancred will keep quiet about this event, unless he suddenly acquired a death wish somewhere. :P

}}

Either A: it wasn't the bathroom and was locked for some mundane reason, or B: it was out of order and Alphinaud or Tataru had locked it before putting a note telling the others to use the tavern's bathroom? Not that she would know in either case~

