Desperate Lilith

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2023-07-04 15:17

This story is loosely based on Diablo 4 and the arc of Lilith. I had an absolute blast writing it. Though I decided to give Lilith a more <ahem> appropriate look, fitting with the story. Enjoy!

Return from Void

After a perilous quest the adventurers reached the tomb of Lilith. They were too blinded in their quest of gold, to pay any heed to the warnings of the scholar. When they entered the tomb, Elias wasted no time and pinned them against the walls using his telekinetic strength. Three bound and terrified individuals wept before him, their pleading eyes reflecting their desperation. Their muffled screams filled the chamber, but they were mere offerings to the darkness that Elias sought to unleash. With trembling hands, Elias raised a wickedly sharp crystal above his head and chanted those unholy words. Within a flash, the bodies of the three individuals started melting.

In the midst of the growing darkness, a swirling vortex of their blood materialized at the centre of the circle. Shadows writhed and twisted, coalescing into a figure of absolute terror. And there she stood, Lilith, the fallen queen, emerging from the void with an aura of malevolence. Lilith's beauty was deceptive, her visage a delicate balance between allure and horror. Her porcelain skin was as pale as death itself, fiery crimson hair and huge deadly locks of horns cascaded around her like molten lava, framing her sharp, seductive features. 

Her eyes, two pools of darkness, held an ancient wisdom and a hunger for power that pierced through the soul. Her form was sinuous and ethereal, clad in scanty layers of flowing garments that barely left anything to imagination. A cage like corset clinched her waist tight, giving her the perfect hour-glass shape. Her long legs appeared from underneath the tight draping of her nether. It was a complex arrangement of clothes locked and sewn with the corset, something which would prove to be a great hindrance should she need to relieve herself.

A sinister smile played upon her lips, revealing razor-sharp teeth. Shadows clung to her, shifting, and undulating with a life of their own. Her presence exuded a palpable aura of fear and domination, an unmistakable sign that chaos and devastation were soon to follow.

The Vial of Power

The moment Lilith stepped down on the floor, she collapsed. She looked at her own hands with anger in her eyes. “The void has made me weak; I must regain my strength if I am to claim the sanctuary.”

“Mother, I could only offer you three weaklings to bring you back. But I have a potion that is made of the sanctuary’s strongest females’ blood and water!” Elias offered a vial containing glowing yellow liquid to Lilith and bowed to her.

“This devotion of yours will be rewarded generously.” Lilith swiftly drank the liquid from the vial. In a flash, Lilith started transforming. Her hair grew longer, horns thicker and sharper, eyes lit up with a fierce red glow. Her breasts pumped up and threatened to burst out of the little cups of her dress. Her waist and hips got fuller, pushing against the tight confines of her golden corset. Elias watched in astonishment as she levitated above the ground casting a long ominous shadow. There was one more thing that Elias wanted to tell Lilith.

“Mother, there is something you must know, before you go out to conquer the sanctuary!” Elias said with a low pleading voice breaking Lilith’s moment.

“Yes, my child . . .Tell me . . . Everything” Lilith bent over and whispered into his ear.

“The vial though bestows immense power to the bearer”, Elias gulped down his throat. “It. . . It comes with its own challenges”

“I have survived in the void. . . What can possibly be a challenge for me?”

“The potion is known to ravages the bladder of the bearer. It sends a flood of all the filthy piss, swifter than you can imagine. This was done to prevent anyone from becoming too powerful”.

Lilith frowned, “How dare you think so small of me. I am the daughter of hatred . . . the mother of Nephalem! And you think, I cannot hold my flood back as if I am a mere mortal! I am immune and above such trivialities.”

“Of course, my mother!” His eyes fell on her wasp thin waist, clasped tightly under her cage-like golden corset. From underneath the corset, a faint flow came from her belly. His lips trembled as he realized the potion had already started showing its effect. But he froze in place, as Lilith ran her sharp nails over his pale cheeks, making him bleed.

Elias mustered courage to speak again, “Mother. Save us from the Eternal conflict. Save the sanctuary from the High Heavens and Burning Hells!”

“I am not here to save. I am here to empower.” A cunning smile formed on her lips, “Pushing me into the void was Inarius’s weakness. He could bring himself to end me - a weakness that will cost dearly to the heavens and the hells. I must reach the Cathedral and find out where have they hidden the keys to hell! Once I get the key I will make a deal with Astaroth with an offer he simply can’t refuse.”

The Cathedral of Control

It was a long journey through the frigid regions of the Fractured peaks. The wind was cold and the flakes sharp enough to cut through steel. Her strong presence was felt across the sanctuary and soon defenders arrived to stop her. At the same time, the cultists who worshipped her came to fight for her and slaughtered the guardians. “My children are here with me, and I make a promise to you all that we shall destroy the eternal conflict forever!” There was a huge uproar and soon the word spread in the sanctuary that the demon queen had returned.

Lilith savoured on the flesh of the dead and drank their gore, satiating her decade long hunger and thirst. Hours were spent by her in slaying her opposers and renegades. Elias came running to her. He was shocked to see Lilith drinking blood from each of the dead. “Mother, I beg you not to drink so hastily. It will add to your. . .” Lilith scowled at him with rage in her eyes. “Don’t you dare!”

“I’m sorry Mother. I bear some news, that a girl named Neyrelle, and her partner Wanderer have set out on a journey to find the keys to hell as well. As we speak they are trying to reach the Cathedral of Light. Neyrelle is the daughter of Vhenard, who knows the ancient runes, has read the old texts, and has profound knowledge about Horadrim. She is a force to be reckoned with.” Elias emphasized. Pangs occurred in her belly as the combination of the blood she drank, and the potion started to show its effects.

A frown appeared on Lilith’s face as she felt the power and pressure within herself grow. “In that case, lets pay the Cathedral a visit, long overdue.” Lilith rose from her place, clenching her muscles. “Still under control” She thought to herself and started on her way to the Cathedral. The hallowed halls were going to witness to an epic struggle of a different kind today. Inside its confines, the formidable demon queen Lilith hid in the shadows, wrestling her rapidly filling bladder. It was no less than a demon, one that clawed and gnawed at her from within.

Lilith's normally graceful silhouette cut a discordant figure against the grand entrance. Her striking crimson cloak flowed with an urgency that echoed the tumultuous waves of desperation coursing through her body. Her eyes, usually blazing with embers of command, flickered with a strained hardness. Merely six hours into the sanctuary and yet her incredibly strong self was locked in a brutal tug of war with her body's incessant demand for relief and the greater cause. Ultimately she silenced her bodily desire, “I am not going to look out for any relief. I must act to get the keys to hell”.

The towering sanctuary of the cathedral loomed before her as she located the high priestess. A curvy figure swathed in authority, the gatekeeper of the coveted knowledge. The woman's defiance lit a fierce spark in Lilith, the flames further fanned by the torturous pressure within her. "I see you keep guard of the forbidden knowledge. Speak of the key, where is it hidden?” Her demand ripped through the silent cathedral like a thunderclap, echoing gloomily against the cold stone walls. The priestess refused. “I denounce you demon! You shall never have the key to Hell!” Her refusal fanned the inferno within Lilith, her frustration mounting with each passing second.

“You shall not?” Lilith came closer to the priestess and lifted her by her collar. “I will not yield!” the priestess defiantly countered, despite the tightening grip of Lilith. Lilith's fuse was perilously short. A significant amount of piss resided in Lilith’s bladder bothering her control. Each word, each confrontation was a punch to her straining bladder, a silent, torturous battle masked by the drama unfolding. Her desperation was taking a serious toll on her ability to mind-control the priestess.

“Hold it Lilith. You cannot let the Priestess win.” Lilith said to herself and let go of the priestess, making her fall on the floor with a thud. She took a deep breath and tapped into her demonic aura. She loomed ominously over the frail priestess, her eyes flaring menacingly. But beneath the intimidating façade, her body trembled from the rapidly growing need for relief. An unintended wince crossed her face, quickly replaced by a forced snarl. Despite her scary stance, the stubborn resistance of the priestess was more than Lilith could bear. Lilith squeezed herself tighter and looked into the soul of the priestess to find something shocking. The priestess was herself desperate for a relief, almost at the end of her tether.

“I see that you are struggling to contain yourself.” Lilith smiled devilishly. “Give me the location and I shall spare your dignity.” The priestess suddenly felt her desperation rise rapidly. She shoved her hand in her crotch. Finally, the priestess crumbled under the weight of Lilith's will and revealed to her that the key was in the cave near lake Yasama. “Now you may have you relief!” Lilith made the priestess wet herself. A huge puddle formed around the priestess making Lilith wince.

“Your kind has become weak. I am holding more waters than you can ever imagine, but I shall not piss, not until the time is right.” Lilith whispered.

“No, you demon! You will meet the same fate as mine.” The priestess sobbed.

Lilith smirked and tore away from the cathedral. The words of the priestess echoed in her ears as she hurriedly scuffled out of cavernous space. Her usual graceful strides were replaced by a hurried, stiff-legged pace. Even though Lilith boasted of her impeccable strength, a considerable amount was being consumed by her increasing need to pee.

“I never thought I could ever get desperate for a piss!” Lilith swore herself. “Perhaps, now that I know where the keys are, I can find somewhere secluded to relieve myself!” As Lilith stepped out in the cold, a raven suddenly appeared. It was Elias’s. “Mother, Neyrelle and the Wanderer are closing in. In the village Yasama you will find the old lady Vhenard, who is also the mother of Neyrelle. Only she can help you cross the lake.”

“I know what I have to do. Now, fly away from here.” Lilith commanded. Her hopes of finding relief were dashed. With the daunting journey to the next village, Yasama, looming ahead, she felt the knot of dread tighten in her stomach. But she refused to capitulate. She was in a fight, not just for the keys, but for her command over Sanctuary. Her need to piss came secondary.

The Entrance to Yasama

“All this pounding pressure is taking too much power from me. I am getting slow!” Lilith thought as she navigated her way to the little village of Yasama. Soon she was stood at the horizon, scanning for any potential places she could quickly sneak to. For Lilith, the formidable demon queen, it was not a destination, but a gauntlet to cross. Her body screamed for mercy. The diuretic potion was pumping piss inside her bladder like a waterfall. Her bulge pushing against the tight metallic corset. Every breath of hers, intensified her burning need to pee, the most primal of human urges. It was a brutal reminder of her mortal shell. But the day was unyielding, and so was she.

“There is a place I shall use to unleash my waters. No one will ever know.” Lilith had hopes in her eyes as she spotted a secluded patch surrounded by dense tress. As she approached the spot of the village, the ground rumbled beneath her, the silent afternoon shattered by the charging ranks of defenders. Yasama was prepared, but Lilith was ready too. “If you stop me now, you are going to bear the brunt of my desperation!” In her mind, the need to relieve herself and the need to fight fused into a single, potent desire for victory.

The first defender lunged at her, a brutish figure with a snarling face, his raised weapon glinting menacingly in the dim light. Lilith deflected his blow, striking back with a ferocity that matched the intensity of her tormenting urge. She danced through the battlefield, her movements precise yet urgent, the strain apparent in her strained breaths. 

Each clash echoed the silent symphony of her desperation, a wordless aria that only she could hear. More defenders swarmed her, their numbers unending. Each blow she blocked, every dodge, every twist, was a calculated risk, a daring dance between maintaining her control and asserting her dominance. Every jarring impact was a cruel reminder of the war waging within her, each victorious takedown a bitter triumph. But amidst the chaos, she felt a growing wave of frustration — the battle outside was relentless and so was the one inside. Every aggressive movement, every flex of her muscle, her internal pressure soared, a dam straining to its limits.

Despite killing hundreds of the defenders, they kept coming. Lilith had enough. She steeled herself and summoned an inner strength even she didn't know she possessed. Her eyes glowed brighter than ever. The veins under her skin glowed red just like her bladder. Then, with a guttural roar that rang through the village, she unleashed her most potent spell. A red flaming wave of fiery destruction tore through the ranks of defenders, the ground shaking beneath her, threatening to dislodge the precariously balanced control over her bladder. The sudden exertion almost undid her. She teetered on the brink of disaster, her dignity hanging by a thread. But through sheer will, she held on, the sensation a biting, vicious entity within her, a devil more real than any she'd encountered.

As the dust settled and the last defender fell, Lilith spotted the figure of Vhenard across the battlefield. The old villager stood on the edge of the forbidden lake, her frail frame trembling in the aftermath of the intense fight. The sight of Vhenard marked the end of one battle and the beginning of another. But it was the sight of a secluded spot near the lake that gave her a sliver of hope. Lilith’s lips trembled. The opportunity to relieve was too enticing but the risk of losing the old one was equally deterring. “Just a little longer”, Lilith assured herself.

Her heart pounded underneath her sweaty breasts. Her rigid composure was on the verge of shattering, her confident facade close to breaking. She had survived a demanding battle, each second a testament to her resilience. But the evening was far from over, and her greatest challenge was yet to come. With the path to her sweet relief within sight, Lilith braced herself, drawing on the last of her strength.

The Cunning Lake

Lilith took careful steps towards Vhenard. The veins on her thighs told the story of her strained bladder being forced to contain itself. Her pace a gruelling march of endurance. The keys to hell were closer than ever, yet the journey to them felt longer than any she had ever undertaken. Every inch of her screamed for release, her muscles taut with exertion, but she couldn't give in, not yet. She had come too far, fought too hard, endured too much. One battle was over, another was about to begin.

“You must be Vhenard, the old lady who speaks to the lake. I need you to open the way to the cave in exchange of your daughter’s life!” Lilith spoke, her words ending in strain.

“I - I will not give in to your demands. You killed the entire village.” Vhenard sobbed.

“They died at their own hands. I did not want to kill them, but they chose to attack me.” Lilith slowly rested her hand on Vhenard’s head. “Like, I don’t intend to kill your gullible daughter, Neyrelle. If you join my side, your daughter will be safe.” With one twirl of her finger, Lilith showed Vhenard a vision, where she and Neyrelle were away from the abyss in a happy land.

Lilith knew very well that the fear of death of the loved ones always melted humans, and she used the same bait to bend Vhenard to her wishes. She finally gave in to Lilith’s demonic aura. Lilith signalled her to begin while standing right behind her. What she didn’t want Vhenard to know was that beneath her impenetrable exterior, she was grappling with a situation so bizarre it was almost insulting. Her bladder was teetering on the edge of open rebellion.

Her vanity-chosen corset was regretfully turning into a torture device. It bit into her midsection, each stitch adding to the urgency of her discomfort. Despite being the queen of succubi, daughter of hatred, Lilith couldn’t comprehend how she still felt weak like a normal human just after holding her pee for 15 hours. Needless to say, drinking the blood of so many humans, seeing the priestess wet herself and enduring a physically taxing battle with the defenders was proving too much for her. "The illustrious life of a demon queen," she scoffed, an internal eyeroll accentuating her sentiment, "the mightiest of them all, now at the mercy of her own damned bladder."

Yet, Lilith would not utter a word for help. Her reputation for being the deadliest would be destroyed if anyone saw her rushing for a pee. It was her mission, a time-bound quest that was constantly shrinking. Even though Lilith was getting antsy she could not bring herself to ask Vhenard for a privy. She chose to endure. She kept her form stiff, her gaze piercing, her mind bouncing between self-encouragement and bouts of self-reproach.

"Hold it together, Lilith," she hissed between clenched teeth, "you can endure this. You've braved worse than a... a rebellious bladder!"

With each languid syllable that fell from Vhenard's lips, Lilith's felt a drop of piss getting added into her bladder. The woman chanted in slow, undulating waves, her tremulous hands weaving complex figures in the air. To Lilith's fevered mind, she might as well have been reciting an endless lullaby. A frenzied rhythm began to tap from Lilith's foot, her fingers coiling into tighter knots.

"What is this woman waiting for, the apocalypse?" Lilith groaned, the edge of her teeth grinding together. Uncharacteristic jittery movements began to replace her usual composed strides. The pressure was ballooning, and with it, her irritation. Vhenard, blissfully unaware of the looming disaster, continued her infuriatingly slow incantations. Lilith was a hair's breadth away from hurling the dawdling woman into the water and braving the lake herself, potential curses be damned. But before she could do so, Vhenard extended her hand towards Lilith, startling her.

“Please give me your hand my lady. . . The lake wants to know about your greatest fear. It will test your willpower before it allows you to cross it”.

“How will a lake test my willpower?”

“You shall see. . .”

“I am Lilith, I fear nothing. I only pity how it is to be weak like your kind!” She scowled and placed her hand in Vhenard’s.

Vhenard’s touch was gentle, but it sent a shockwave through her, as if she could sense Lilith’s tumultuous inner turmoil. Her eyes narrowed as she inhaled sharply, a revelation dawning on her. "You're on the brink, aren't you?" she asked, a hint of mockery in her voice. "You need to... relieve yourself."

Lilith jerked her hand away, her cheeks heating in indignation. "I will not piss in front of a mere mortal" she snapped, her desperation morphing into anger. But the truth was, Vhenard had hit the nail on the head, Lilith’s worst fear was indeed losing control, and it was uncomfortably close to becoming a reality. Lilith’s body was in full revolt, demanding attention with increasing intensity, like an angry deity craving appeasement. Her heart pounded in sync with her throbbing bladder. The normally calm, collected Lilith was a picture of barely contained desperation, her plight heightened by the daunting task at hand, which was to stand still.

Turning to the lake, Vhenard conveyed Lilith's state, despite her vehement objections. The lake responded with a glimmering ripple, a mischievous glint that reflected off its tranquil surface and whispered to Vhenard. “If Lilith is to be granted passage, she must show that she deserves it by enduring a greater challenge, a test of willpower,” Vhenard conveyed it to Lilith plainly. As if on cue, a sudden surge of pressure gripped Lilith, her bladder shrieking in protest. It was as if the lake had physically squeezed her, tightening its cruel grip on her body.

Within a flash, she collapsed on the ground, a crushing weight inside her bladder pulled her down. Her desperation shot up to levels beyond her imagination. She closed her fists tight and curled on the floor. Piss threatened to explode from her floodgates, which she was fighting hard to deny. A gasp escaped her lips as she clamped her lower muscles with every bit of strength she had left. The fullness was unbearable, her desperation peaking to new, uncharted heights. Yet, in spite of the intense torment wracking her body, Lilith didn't give up. She gritted her teeth together, her knuckles turning white as she balled her fists at her sides. Her body quivered with the monumental effort it took to hold on, a testament to her struggle.

"There is no turning back now, Lilith," Vhenard cautioned. "If you want to make it to the other side my lady, you must bear more and more pressure."

Lilith gulped down her throat as she straightened herself and stood back up. Her leg muscles cramped with every breath. Her resolve was unwavering. This was a test of her endurance, and she was hell-bent on passing it. “I d-don’t need to pee.” she whispered more to herself, her voice thick with determination, her red eyes glistening with grit. Every step into the shimmering water was a herculean task, each ripple of the lake sending a corresponding ripple of torment through her body. She could feel the lake probing her will, testing her mettle with each agonizing moment. "You're not going to make it," a small voice inside her head hissed, but Lilith sternly silenced it. She couldn't allow herself to falter, not now, not when she was so close.

Against all odds, she made it across the mystical lake. The final step onto the shore felt like the greatest victory she had ever tasted. Her legs were shaking, her body threatening to give up on her, but the sheer relief of having completed the task held her upright. Every drop of her once unshakeable willpower was summoned to maintain her composure, her visage, but the strain was palpable. “If the lake demands that I need to sacrifice my comfort, then I will!”

It was impossible, Lilith knew it deep down in her heart. She just couldn’t bring herself to admit it. In fact, she could almost visualize it, the serene release and the fleeting sense of peace that would come with it. The thought was both torturous and tantalizing, a dream within sight but just out of reach. She gritted her teeth, her fists clenching and unclenching at her sides. With each successive step, the wet slaps of water against stone seemed louder, more pronounced. The lake's surface, once a picture of tranquil beauty, now felt like an adversary. It was a cruel irony that the very element that symbolized relief was also intensifying her anguish.

After an eternity of baby steps, the moment she was safe on the other side, Lilith rushed towards the nearest shrubbery, out of Vhenard’s line of sight. Her heart pounded in her chest as she finally, prepared to give herself the relief she so desperately craved. She was victorious. She had proved her worth to the lake, to Vhenard, but most importantly, to herself. The formidable Lilith had not been bested, not even by her own body. With a shuddering body Lilith rushed to unclasp her intricate and complex lock of the corset, just when she heard the voice of Neyrelle and Wanderer from the other side of the lake.

“FUCK!” Lilith yelled and hastily walked towards the cave. After forcing open the doors with her shaking legs, she found the keys to hell. Within a blink of an eye, she broke the protection spell around it and grabbed the key. A massive surge of power ran through her body making her even more vulnerable to pissing herself. Despite having Godly powers, holding her pee for a day was still a tough job for her. More than rushing to the hell, she yearned to unleash the lake inside her. This mere thought almost opened her floodgates.

“Did I just leak?”, Lilith quickly shoved her hand in the crotch, but she was still dry. Her quivering lips under the tight underwear draping, somehow remained corked up. Her eyes suddenly fell on the privy. Her eyes welled up with happiness. Relief was just a few steps away. But with her first step towards it, a creaking noise echoed through the cave. Alas! Neyrelle and Wanderer had crossed the lake and barged into the cave, astonishingly fast. Lilith was not in a position to fight with the duo. “I might flood this cave if I try to fight!” She cast a last longing glance at the door of the privy and decided to escape through the secret pathway, known only to her.

Deal or Delays with Astaroth

Coming out from the wicked cave, Lilith found herself waddling on her way to the Cathedral of Hatred. It was a long murky path. Each step was a stab in her bladder. To make the matters worse, Neyrelle and Wanderer were on her tail.

“This is getting out of hands now. That cursed potion – Why did you drink it you foolish Lilith!” She talked to herself as inched towards the hell barrier, inadvertently trying to loosen her corset buckles. Her boulder like bladder needed all and every room possible but the corset just didn’t cooperate with her sweaty sliding fingers. “Then these tight, complex drapes of cloth.” Lilith cursed herself again. Stripping out of her clothes would need considerable time, a luxury which she couldn’t afford. With nerves frayed and desperation clawing at her sanity, somehow reached the barrier and was welcomed with a bright orange glow from the mighty coming from a stone.

Lilith held her breath and clenched herself harder. She needed both hands to pull out the stone. Her bladder not happy with the decision suddenly contracted hard. She almost collapsed on the ground but didn’t give in. With all her might, she pulled out the stone, sending a hammer wave of desperation across her body. She double crossed her legs as the the stone pulsed, a heartbeat within a heart of rock. The visage of Astaroth shimmered into view, a twisted shadow within the stone’s heart. His grin was all sharp teeth and malevolent promise.

Lilith trembled and held the stone tightly. It wasn't the spectral gloom of the stone that made her tremble, nor was it the ominous, nether worldly aura the stone radiated. No, it was a far more mortal and undignified reason - the overwhelming force that was hitting her pee hole from inside. The demon mead she had drunk earlier in the day was pressing against her insides with unrelenting force. Her wasp-thin corset still on without a single buckle unhooked. It was acting as a merciless tormentor. But Lilith was nothing if not resilient. Masking her bodily agony with a veneer of demonic regality, she tried to maintain a façade of normalcy.

“Astaroth,” Lilith’s voice was as cold and commanding as ever, even as the strain tugged at the edges of her tone. “I need you to open the barrier to hell immediately. In exchange, I offer you your freedom."

An unholy chuckle echoed within her mind, a crackling fire in the midst of an icy lake. "Lilith, always straight to business. But my freedom comes at a price higher than just a mere safe passage to hell." A deep breath steeled her resolve. She clenched her jaw and kept her gaze focused on the stone, ignoring the torturous twinge in her lower abdomen. Every passing moment brought her closer to breaking point. It was a race against time, one she was on the verge of losing.

"What do you want, Astaroth?" she growled, her fingers gripping the stone tighter.

"Freedom alone will not suffice. Bring me, Donan and Yorim. They owe me suffering.”

A chill skittered up Lilith's spine, not born of fear, but of frustration. This new demand was a cruel curveball. Donan and Yorim were not easily found or persuaded, and every second spent seeking them was another second added to her physical torment. A surge of desperation made her eyes water, the strain threatening to shatter her hard-won composure. She was hanging on by a thread, a thin, frayed thread of endurance that was close to snapping. She could feel her control slipping, like sand seeping through clenched fingers. With a strangled sigh, Lilith managed to keep her voice steady, though the strain was evident.

"Astaroth. If you open the barrier now I will free you immediately. . .I need to go inside very urgently.”

“Do you need to take a piss Lilith? Have you gone down to such lows that you can’t even resist containing your waters?”, Astaroth's laugh echoed, his shadowy form flickering like a torch in the wind. Lilith stood tall, her every muscle strained to the point of breaking. “Careful Astaroth, I might need to ease myself but nothing that I cannot manage. I shall return with Yorim and Donan.” She tried to save her dignity and quickly turned around to leave. The ordeal was far from over. Somewhere in her mind, the mission of entering the hell was replaced by to finding a relief, long time ago. The ticking time bomb within her added an extra layer of tension, urgency, and desperation to her quest. Her ordeal simply refused to come to an end.

Lilith’s Downfall

Lilith, the formidable demon queen, stumbled into the rustic village of Yorim, her body aching from the merciless strain of her prolonged predicament. Her tall, imposing figure was bent, a subtle, almost imperceptible stoop in her otherwise rigid posture. Every nerve, every sinew in her body was shrieking for release, a crescendoing plea that echoed ominously in the confines of her mind. Her control over the call of nature wavering like an unstable pendulum. The consequences of failure rang clear in her mind; her hard-earned command over the Sanctuary would crumble. Her powers of seduction, manipulation, and mind-control would dissipate like smoke in the wind, rendering her incapable of securing her precious passage to hell from Astaroth.

With her bladder verging on the edge of catastrophe, Lilith forced herself to put one foot in front of the other. Each step she took sent tremors of discomfort rocketing through her. Her usually elegant stride was replaced by an awkward waddle, her knees pressed tightly together, every ounce of her concentration devoted to maintaining a semblance of control. The desperation etched on her face was skilfully masked with an icy, commanding façade, but beneath it, her eyes flickered with panic. She was teetering dangerously on the brink, her every heartbeat a ticking time bomb pushing her closer to an impending disaster. The corset, a cursed piece of fashion, was cinched tightly around her waist, squeezing her already strained bladder to an excruciating point. She could feel the devastating urge growing with each passing second, her body demanding relief that she could not afford.

As she approached her destination, her desperate need to relieve herself was like a second heartbeat, drumming away in sync with her pulse. The private chamber of Yorim lay ahead, a task she would usually approach with confidence and poise. Today, however, it loomed ominously like a towering mountain, each step closer akin to a painful ascent. The pressure in her bladder was crippling, a constant reminder of the long-held, unbearable need. Every fibre of her being screamed for a release that was so desperately sought after, yet painfully elusive. Her lower abdomen was full to the brim, the corset she wore amplifying her discomfort tenfold.

Drawing in a shaky breath, she cautiously opened the door to his chamber. Her eyes, usually gleaming with determination, were wide and desperate, darting immediately to the privy at the far end. It was so close, yet an unattainable sanctuary. The sight of it hit her like a punch in the gut. A surge of desperation washed over her, the sight of the privy igniting a heightened sense of urgency within her. The wooden door of the small room was tormenting her, a cruel mirage of sweet relief. Her thoughts wavered as she imagined the relief that awaited her, the pressure being released in one heavenly moment. But each thought only amplified her desperate need. She fantasized about abandoning her mission, casting aside her dignity, and rushing to the privy. It was an enticing vision – a forbidden fruit that she so desired yet could not reach.

But she steeled herself, reminding her of the stakes. She imagined the cool stone beneath her, the relief washing over her in waves. But each imagined sigh of relief only served to intensify her actual discomfort. It was a mental tug-of-war, a battle of willpower. A single thought, a single step towards the privy could spell her doom. She was dancing on the edge of disaster, the tightrope she was balancing on growing thinner with every passing second. It took every shred of her willpower to push the enticing thought away and focus on Yorim. Shuffling closer to him, she forced a sultry smile onto her face. Her voice, usually smooth and enticing, wavered as she began her seduction.

"Yorim," she purred, her words ending in an unintended squeak of strain, "A bright lad like you w-wasting your life in pee – v-village?" Her mind was elsewhere, her sentences fragmented and nonsensical, her gaze flickering between Yorim's face and the door of the privy. Every muscle in her body was screaming for release, but she couldn't let it show. She held herself tighter, trying to maintain her dignity, her desperation climbing to new, dizzying heights.

"Away you devil," Yorim tried to push her back. He looked her up and down, his eyes narrowing suspiciously. "You cannot even stand still and you speak of me"

"I'm fine, Yorim," she quickly retorted, her voice strained. "Yes, it’s because I need something that you have." She attempted a flirtatious giggle, but it came out as a pained grunt, earning her another questioning look from Yorim.

"Lilith," Yorim finally said, looking at her in concern, "I never thought about it. . . But you are bursting at seams for the privy, isn’t it?" Lilith’s heart hammered in her chest. Yorim's words were a dagger, slicing through her pretense, laying her desperation bare. She was at her breaking point, the intensity of her desperation closing in on her.

"How dare you, Yorim!" she tried to act strong, but her words came out more like a desperate whisper. Her survival now relied not on the swiftness of her words, but on the dwindling power of her control. She was ticking towards an inevitable explosion, precariously perched on the edge of disaster, teetering on the brink of absolute humiliation. Despite this, she still tried to maintain the charade with Yorim by holding him tightly by his neck. Her words were carefully chosen, her expressions painstakingly practiced. Yet, her voice carried an unmistakable tremor, her sentences breaking into stuttering fragments. The occasional quick glances towards the privy, the fidgeting, the clenching of her hands; all betrayed the fight she was putting up.

Amidst the chaos, Yorim looked behind Lilith and yelled with all his might, slicing through her concentration. His words a thunderclap in her world. "The demoness is weak! Strike her. She needs to use the privy!" He yelled, pointing towards Lilith, his face contorted in both surprise and disgust. Before she could even comprehend the accusation, the chamber doors flew open to reveal the imposing figure of Donan. Anger and suspicion laced his words as he bellowed, charging toward Lilith with a vengeance. His fury was palpable, his intent clear: to free his son from her clutches. The room seemed to spin around her as he bore down on her, his fist coming at her in a blinding arc. With a grace born out of years of combat, she sidestepped, but the effort nearly shattered her control. Every move she made felt like a punch to her abdomen, her bladder crying out in distress. The mix of terror, shock and unbearable pain wreaked havoc on her hair-thin control.

Donan’s second swing, however, found its target. The punch landed squarely on her midriff, right where her ballooned bladder was practically bursting at the seams. The impact of his punch combined with the bending of her corset metal acted like a tidal wave, smashing through her fortress of control. The world stood still for a horrifying moment as she felt the gates shatter, the dam breaking. Her muscles, already stretched beyond their limits, quivered. With one last effort she cast a spell to lock her muscles from blowing open the lake inside her. Her hands were brazenly shoved inside her crotch, skin glistened with sweat and legs crossed in a pretzel. Her head hung low in shame and face was scrunched up in the vain effort of holding pee, worth nearly a day. Lilith face turned blue with strain. If she exhaled she knew that the floodgates would open. It was only a matter of minutes. Lilith was cracking.

Yorim and Donan watched her in awe as the villagers started gathering around her. Lilith cast a glance at them and tried her best to try a mind-control attempt. She painstakingly raised her left hand and tried to say a spell. Her cheeks were blown with the air she was holding, brows contorted. Sweat dripped from her forehead like rainwater and hands shook violently.

“Looks like she wants to cast a spell on us,” Yorim whispered.

“She knows if she opens her mouth, she will piss all over.” Donan taunted loudly. To add insult to the injury even Neyrell and the wanderer reached the spot. All her arch nemesis in one place. Lilith was trying everything in her power to somehow contain the gallon of piss boiling inside her.

And that was it. Lilith in a fit of rage, opened her mouth to cast a spell. It was her undoing. Her last thread of control was decimated in that moment. Her efforts to retain the tidal wave within her ended in an instant, overwhelmed by the sheer force piss trying to come out. The seductive enchantress, the formidable sorceress, was finally defeated. Not by an adversary, not by a curse, but by the excruciating need that had been torturing her for nearly a day – her bladder. Her knees buckled, her body shuddered, and she lost the battle she had been valiantly fighting to win.

It stated with a small trickle, a small stream and then stopped. Lilith looked up thinking that she had somehow stopped the outburst, but then another wave of piss came, powerful than ever before. A thick stream of piss erupted from her vagina despite the tightly wrapped underwear like cloth on her crotch. Litres of liquid, erupting from her like a dam . Her body finally succumbing to the pressure that had built up over the past 22 hours. 

She could barely stand as the force of her release almost knocked her off her feet. Her mind screaming in defeat, her dignity left in the debris of her shattered control. The sweet relief she had yearned for turned bitter in an instant, stolen away from the privacy she desperately sought. A hot, shaming wave washed over her as her body surrendered to its most basic need. It was an involuntary surrender, a release so profound that for a brief moment, she forgot everything else. The world around her went hazy, her vision blurring as her body went limp. Her desperate sobs were drowned in the cacophony of laughter that filled the room, the mocking echoes ricocheting off the stone walls. Yorim, once her prey, stood frozen in shock, while Donan roared in triumph, basking in her utter defeat.

Lilith, the once proud and formidable enchantress, reduced to a spectacle of ridicule. The taste of humiliation was bitter in her mouth, a stark contrast to the relentless pressure that had finally been eased. Her legs were shaky, her entire body quaking from the undignified release and the laughter around her. The stream seemed to come to an end after a couple of minutes. Despite the throbbing humiliation, Lilith knew she couldn't afford to wallow in self-pity.

Gathering her tattered dignity around her like a cloak, she forced herself to stand upright. Her cheeks were flaming, the memory of her embarrassing display etched into her mind. But she was a survivor, a fighter. With a defiant glare towards Donan, she wiped her eyes, the remnants of her tears leaving a streak across her flushed cheeks. The guffaws of laughter were beginning to ebb, leaving a chilling silence in its wake. She swallowed her shame, squaring her shoulders. "You think you've won?" she asked, her voice hoarse but unwavering. “I shall return and this time you will not be so lucky!”

Yorim suddenly doubled over, pointing at Lilith, his laughter ringing clear and loud. Even Donan, stern and gruff as he was, was unable to suppress his chuckles. The villagers paused for a moment and then burst into laughter again. “The Daughter of Hatred just pissed herself like a little girl and she says she wants to end the eternal conflict!” Donan couldn’t hold herself back. "Lilith, the terror of the Sanctuary," Yorim managed to gasp out between fits of laughter, "the great demon, drenched in her own desperation!"

In a moment’s notice, Lilith felt another devastating wave of desperation hit her. Before she could even grab herself, gallons of liquid still kept rushing out, cascading down her legs, unhindered and uncontrollably. It was as like a torrential river unleashed. Any semblance of her dignity seemed to drain away with the warm liquid that soaked her dress. Her dress clung to her like a second skin, the fabric heavy and drenched. Her legs were soaking wet, the liquid pooling at her feet.

Word of Lilith's predicament spread like wildfire, igniting fits of laughter throughout the sanctuary. The mighty Lilith, once a figure of dread and awe, had been reduced to an object of mockery. Her reputation, so meticulously built over years, was now tainted by this one embarrassing incident. She was no longer the fierce, formidable demoness. She was now Lilith, the demon who wet herself. Her aura of control and absolute power was shattered. Every laugh, every whispered joke was a blow to her once intimidating image. Her reign in the sanctuary, it seemed, had been washed away in her own flood of desperation.

Tears rolled down her cheeks, but the searing embarrassment only fuelled her determination, hardening her resolve. This battle may have been lost, but she had a war to win. And for that, she would need to gather all her strength, claw back her power, and chart the next course. The quest for the keys to Hell was far from over, and her story was still being written.

- - - The End - - -

*002*2023-07-11 16:31

{{1 hour ago, Frooger said:

A differnt but fantastic story Rex! Thank you so much for publishing it🤩

}}

This.. I have been waiting sooo long for this comment ❤️

