A Quiet Evening with Friends (First Attempt at Fiction)

Author: SaQra

*000*2017-05-30 11:26

It was a wonderful evening in Outer London. The sky was a dusky pink hue and birds could be heard twittering in the swaying trees. Mel lay on a gently sloped hill, letting the breeze tousle her fair brown hair. With her were her closest group of friends/roommates. First there was her crush Cole, wearing his usual relaxed grey jeans with red suspenders left to hang down and a gray t-shirt. His brown eyes and fair brown hair made him look solemn, but that was part of the reason she liked him. Also with her was Lana, wearing a black and white striped tee with denim overalls, her black hair falling past her shoulders.

She was a casual, chilled out girl, who didn't give a damn what anyone else thought of her and was fiercely loyal to her friends (which would turn out to be important today). Last of all was Oisin, the self dubbed ' lucky Irishman' of the group, wearing cargo pants, a white t-shirt and an unbuttoned blue checked shirt over the top. Despite him being a guy, Oisin had the second longest hair in the group, beaten only by Lana. Having all had free time the group had decided to head to their local park and have a picnic.

Lana and Mel, both being excellent cooks, had provided the food, while Cole had provided, amongst other drinks, the beer necessary get them in good spirits. They had staked out a spot near the top of the hill and laid out their feast, then began to eat. As the sun neared the horizon Mel felt a twinge in bladder, signifying that it was reasonably full. She ignored it, as she (and her friends) knew that she was extremely pee-shy and had faith in her holding capacity. She failed to consider, however, the two beers she had already drank and the coffe she and Lana had grabbed on the way to meet the others.

As they were packing up their stuff, Mel noticed that Cole seemed uncomfortable, he was squirming around and making occasional grabs of his crotch. He announced to the others "Guys, I'm just gonna dash to the toilet real quick" and then ran over to the nearby building that contained the public loos. As he reached the door he swore loudly and shoved on the door. "They're out of order" he said once he had rejoined the group, "We should try and get back to me and Oisins place cos' it's much nearer. Upon hearing the dire news Mel whimpered under her breath. The rest of the group were much to busy walking to hear her so she ran to catch up with them.

As they were walking through the densely wooded area between the parking lot and the hill her bladder finally admitted defeat. A warm wetness spread across her crotch and dark streaks appeared on the legs of her denim capris. She bent over, pressing her hands into her crotch in a last-ditch attempt to stem the flow. In an instant Lana was by Mel's side, drying her tears and pulling her into a hug. Then Oisin came over, handing her the picnic blanket to wrap around her waist and hide her accident. Cole meanwhile, stood facing away from her and clutching his own crotch, his desperation had evidently been made much worse by her wetting.

Suddenly Lana stepped away from her and sighed. Mel gasped as she saw the legs and crotch of Lana's overalls turn a much darker blue and a puddle spread beneath her feet, mingling with her own. "Why would you do that Lana!" Mel half-shouted. "Well, if I piss myself then everyones attention will be on me and your accident will go unnoticed" The ever-chipper girl replied. Leaving the small lake of urine behind, they finally reached Oisin's car. After loading all the picnic stuff into the back and spreading blankets across the seats for Lana and Mel, they began their journey. About halfway through the drive the car hit a pothole, which jolted its passengers considerably. This spelled bad news for Cole. A large spurt escaped from his bladder, leaving a wet patch the size of a tennis ball on his jeans. He held himself more tightly and the rest of the journey passed without incident.

As the group piled out of the car Cole sprinted to the door and fumbled with his keys, managing to unlock the house after a few minor leaks. He hobbled along the corridor toward the toilet. However, after her accident Mel was feeling mischevious. She dashed forward and grabbed the suspenders hanging from Cole's jeans, pulling them back then releasing them so they slapped his ass. This last shock was too much for poor Cole, and the hallway filled with and audible hissing noise as his bladder jettisoned its contents into his jeans. He spun round to confront Mel and the extent of the damage was revealed. His wet spot had grown to the size of a basketball and the urine had spread all down his legs, finally gathering in a puddle on the floor. From the doorway Cole heard Oisin's voice. "Don't expect me to go wetting myself for you mate". At that comment all four friends burst into uncontrollable fits of laughter.

END OF PART 1

