Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction) - Page 3

Author: secretomoact

*000*2024-11-11 04:30

{{5 hours ago, secretomoact said:

Written for the Omovember prompt "Peeing Out A Fire"

***

Kakarot was finally able to get some Senzu beans, and Vegeta healed up, but Bulma still had not allowed him to use the gravity room again yet. The infuriating woman insisted that he take it easy for a couple more days.

“I have spent the better part of a week in bed,” Vegeta said. “That is enough time off for a while.”

But, Bulma wouldn’t hear it, and Vegeta wound up spending the whole day ‘relaxing’ with her in the backyard. Or at least making an attempt at it. He laid beside her in a lawn-chair, and tried to figure out how this was supposed to help him in any way. The sun was too damn bright, the back of the chair was too stiff, and he was BORED.

He wanted to train! He wanted to do something MEANINGFUL with his time. He’d spent ENOUGH time laying around when his bones were destroyed. He could stand up on his own now, so it was time to fight!

“Vegeta, I don’t know what you’re doing over there, but it doesn’t look like ‘relaxing.’”

Vegeta had been tapping his fingers against his thighs, adjusting his position every few minutes, and trying to burn off the twitchy energy that was trying to burst out of him.

Bulma evidently thought something ELSE was trying to burst out of him… “Do you need to go back inside for a few minutes?”

Vegeta blushed and tensed up, getting even FURTHER away from the state of ‘relaxation’ he was allegedly capable of achieving. “No… I just don’t like holding still. It’s uncomfortable. The space beneath my skin feels like it’s skittering.”

“I’ve seen you hold still before,” Bulma said. “Sometimes you do it for a WHILE when you’re training— You’re definitely capable of it.”

“That’s different, I’m concentrating on my chi. I’m not staying still on the inside.”

“What does that even—“

“Ugh, it’s hard to explain,” Vegeta sighed. “I’m… Manipulating my energy, you just don’t see it happening.”

“… Alright,” Bulma said after a moment. “Do you think you’ve ever felt relaxed?”

“Perhaps during infancy,” Vegeta said.

“You have GOT to let yourself loosen up, Vegeta…” Bulma said. She stood up, and when she returned, she was carrying several beverages.

Vegeta gave a nervous glance to the glass of liquid Bulma passed to him. He sniffed it, and determined that it was alcoholic. He’d need to drink around seventy glasses of it to actually get intoxicated, so that wasn’t a concern. But, he had no doubt that it was going to move through him at lightning speed.

At least he was at home… He was free to drink as he pleased today. No cloying thirst to put up with, he was allowed to satiate his body’s demands. Every last one of them. That was a nice thought, being able to drink and void with ease for an entire day.

Some of the ‘skittering’ in his muscles stopped. Wow, that felt… That was a MAJOR relief. The skittering had been annoying, but he hadn’t realized just HOW annoying it was until it finally left him alone.

He finished his drink, and asked for another without hesitation. Bulma smiled.

They spent the whole day out there together. They drank and talked. Vegeta soon felt the need to pee as the alcohol flushed through his system far too quickly. He held it, but only because he didn’t want to interrupt their time together. There was no rush, he was uncomfortable, but he could hold it. Once he decided to go, he would be able to do it with no issue.

When the sun started to set, Vegeta shivered. It was getting colder, and his body struggled to hold onto its heat. Sometimes, he’d use his chi to warm himself up a bit, but never when someone would notice. It was utterly ridiculous that he struggled this much with low temperatures.

Bulma noticed and lit a fire between them. By then, she was a bit tipsy, and couldn’t resist the urge to giggle. “Vegeta, you silly Saiyan, if you’re cold you should just say so!”

“N—Not cold,” Vegeta insisted, but his body betrayed him and made him scoot closer to the fire. He actually found himself a little grateful for the cold— Bulma was clearly in the mood to tease him, and the temperature was not the ONLY reason Vegeta was shaking now. His need to urinate had increased dramatically, fluid aggravating the sensitive walls of his bladder.

He knew he had to go soon. It would be utterly idiotic to allow himself to become desperate when all he had to do was go up to his room— Something that would only take him a minute or two. But, now he didn’t want to leave the fire. He wanted to enjoy the warmth for a few more minutes before he was forced to walk through the cold backyard.

He remained where he was for about another half hour. The throbs in his bladder got more and more persistent, and Vegeta knew his body was getting frustrated with him. There was ZERO reason for him to still be holding back right now. He tensed up his thighs and wriggled his hips as imperceptibly as he could manage.

“Aw,” Bulma said. “You’re cute when you’re cold. You want some warm snuggles, don’t you?”

“I— I don’t cuddle!” Vegeta snapped.

Bulma stood up and walked over to him before sitting on his lap. She lazily poked him in the chest, trailing her finger down his torso. “You don’t? Well, you sure could have fooled me, tough guy…”

Bulma resting on him right THERE was the final push he needed. Under any other circumstance, he wouldn’t have found her to be heavy, but when her weight was all concentrated on his bladder, it was an entirely different story. He squirmed beneath her. “Okay, get up.”

Bulma nuzzled against him. “No.”

Vegeta groaned. He could easily just pick her up and move her, but he preferred not to. She got annoyed when he did that to her. “Come on.”

“Why?” Bulma whined. “I wanna warm you up…”

“I need you to get up.”

Pouting, Bulma stood, and Vegeta followed suit, trying not to cringe. Rising from the chair for the first time in hours made all the sensitive nerves in his bladder come alive. Fuck, he had to go… He tensed his thighs and held his fists tightly.

“I… Um… I… Am going back inside now,” Vegeta said simply.

Bulma didn’t need to ask him why. His nervous stammering and pointed vagueness made it plainly obvious what he needed to do. Really, Bulma had been starting to get a little worried with how long it was taking for him to make this little ‘announcement’. It was the first time he’d done so all day, meaning he must have been quite full…

A funny idea formed in Bulma’s mind and she fought back a grin and a laugh just at the thought of it. She almost wanted to propose it to Vegeta, just to see the look on his face when she made the suggestion. She could hardly imagine how flustered and red he would get, spluttering indignantly and stomping his feet, hands on his hips as he demanded to know what was wrong with her.

Vegeta paused as he turned away. “What’s that look on your face for?” He asked. “What’s so funny about me going inside to… Uh… To check on Trunks,” he settled on.

Bulma really almost laughed then. It would never stop amusing her that he honestly thought he could lie like that and actually have her believe him. “N—Nothing, Vegeta.”

Vegeta narrowed his eyes, shifting back and forth between his feet. He definitely had a lot of water in him, and Bulma couldn’t hold back her smile.

“Woman!” Vegeta snapped. “What is—“

“You’re just sooo cute,” Bulma informed him, poking him on the nose.

This elicited an even more aggravated scowl from Vegeta. “I am NOT cute, shut u—“

Bulma laughed some more.

Vegeta kept glaring. She’d definitely had too much to drink. But, so had he… Just, in a different way.

“Awwww,” Bulma reached and pinched his cheek “Does someone need to visit the little Saiyans’ room, but he’s too embarrassed to admit it?”

Vegeta shut his eyes tightly, his jaw clenching. Humans and alcohol should never mix. They didn’t know how to handle it, and it made them so fucking annoying. Had Bulma been ANYONE else, he would have throttled her. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, dammit.”

“Hey— Hey, why don’t you pee out the fire before we go inside?” Bulma blurted out, struggling to keep her voice calm as she waited for the mortification that was sure to come.

He reacted exactly as she had pictured. He turned bright red, his eyes went wide, he stomped a foot against the ground and he shouted “WH—WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?!”

Bulma couldn’t restrain herself anymore, she laughed, holding her sides.

“It’s not funny!”

“Pfft, but it is!” Bulma insisted. “Hahaha, you look like I just asked you if you want to kiss Frieza!”

“Dammit! I will NOT be mocked!” Vegeta exclaimed. “How dare you make such a vile request?!”

“Well,” Bulma said. “It would be easier than having to lug the hose all the way over here to deal with it.”

“I am perfectly capable of carrying a hose!”

“Alright, go get it then. Put out the fire before you go inside.” It was BRUTAL to keep from smirking at that. Vegeta’s bladder really didn’t like the sound of running water, being forced to work the hose before he relieved himself was not something he’d enjoy.

And he couldn’t respond to this particular bit of teasing without admitting that he was desperate…

“You do it,” Vegeta scoffed. “I am tired. And I need to make sure I turned the gravity room off, remember?”

“I thought you said you were going to make sure Trunks went to bed,” Bulma said.

“That too!” Vegeta pressed his legs together, rising on the tips of his toes for a second. “I’ll b—be back to deal with the fire after I’m finished with those things.”

Bulma faked a yawn, “Oh, just do it now, Vegeta. I’m tired too.” Fuck, this was way too fun. Bulma knew she had to stop before Vegeta got really angry, had to stop before she pushed too far and made him feel overly self-conscious again. But… Oh, just a little bit longer! Just a few more little prods and taunts, a few more minutes of stammering and blushing…

“Then, YOU get the hose, while I—“

“Aw, but Vegeta, that hose is SO heavy,” Bulma said, knowing EXACTLY what to do to prolong this little game now. “I can’t possibly carry it all the way over here. I need a big, strong Saiyan prince to do it for me…”

“Tch…” Vegeta hesitated as he mulled it over. He really needed to take care of his bladder. He’d been holding it all day, the ache was getting serious. The noise water made was one of the most aggravating things he could subject himself to right now, even if it only lasted a couple minutes.

He also… Well, the sight of the stream emerging from the hose and arcing out like that… That was a bit TOO similar to what he saw when he was—

It would just… It would ‘suggest’ things to his body that he would rather NOT have to deal with right now!

“Puny humans… Can’t even carry a hose around?” Vegeta muttered. “Are you kidding me?”

“Orrrr,” Bulma said, smirking again. “You could always just—“

“Ab—Absolutely not!” Vegeta snapped. “That’s… Disgusting! A—And, besides, I don’t even… I don’t have to… I don’t need to ‘do that’ at the moment.”

“Vegeta, you’re shaking…”

“Yes. Because it’s cold,” Vegeta said. He looked down at himself, checking his body over for signs of neediness. His knees were pressed together, his heels were bouncing a bit… He hadn’t even noticed… “If… If you want to put the fire out using piss, then be my guest. But, I shall have no part in—“

“How do you expect me to do that?!”

“What do you mean?! I imagine the same way you expect ME to do it!”

“Vegeta, you can’t be serious! You sound like Goku!”

“You… How DARE you?!”

“I KNOW you can figure out why I can’t do that standing up like you!”

“… Why.”

“What the Hell? You ARE serious?! You’ve seen me naked enough times, just figure it out!”

“I hardly see why THAT should change anything; Saiyan women stood to relieve themselves all the time!”

“What…?”

“It made sense, doing it that way is faster, requires less clothing to be moved, you don’t ever have to worry about dipping your tail in the—“   “But, HOW? That doesn’t make ANY sense.”

“I don’t KNOW how, it’s not like I watched them very closely!” Vegeta said. “I take it that Earth’s women DON’T do that?”

“No, definitely not any of the ones I know,” Bulma said. “How would that even work?”

“I already told you, I don’t know,” Vegeta huffed. “I haven’t seen a female Saiyan since I was five.” Back then, he’d never seen a woman without clothes on before. He’d never thought about it, either. He knew girls must have had different parts, because he once accidentally wore armor meant for female Saiyans and it had been too tight in the wrong places, but he’d never questioned how they peed. Maybe if he’d been a little older he might have been curious enough, but at that age it never crossed his mind.

He’d see the Saiyan women pee the same way the guys did and, at most, he’d just have a tiny twinge of jealousy. As the prince, he knew HE had to hold it and display restraint, even if he really wanted to go.

Hell, the only reason he was wondering about it now was because, apparently, it wasn’t as normal as he’d always thought it was.

“Saiyan women had the same parts as human women, right?” Bulma asked. “Yeah, they must have, YOURS looks like a normal human ma—“

“What the Hell do you mean ‘normal’?”

“Vegeta…” Bulma sighed. “Well, odd quirks of Saiyan culture aside, human women pee sitting down.”

“Wait, then how did you manage on Namek?” Vegeta asked. “There were no toilets there for you to sit on.”

“… Have you been picturing me standing to pee ever since we met?”

“Well, no!” Vegeta spluttered. “I haven’t been ‘PICTURING’ it, I’d prefer NOT to, but I had been assuming that—“

“If there isn’t a toilet, then I just squat,” Bulma rolled her eyes. “Sheesh, you really ARE just like Goku sometimes, you know that?”

“Say that again, I dare you!”

Bulma giggled, “Oh, Vegeta… So, what do you say? Do you want to put out the fire?”

“I— I— Woman, that is vulgar, and… And you’re right here…” Vegeta added softly.

“I’m not going to watch,” Bulma said. “You don’t need to worry about that.”

Vegeta fidgeted a little more. He had waited much too long to deal with this, and he’d allowed himself to hydrate more than he should have. Granted, he had THOUGHT he’d be free to just go back inside the house as soon as that liquid wanted to come back out. He’d ASSUMED that doing so would be easy, and that Bulma wouldn’t see fit to pick on him like this.

He had no idea what he’d been thinking. Of course Bulma would tease him… “I’m leaving,” he said.

“Get the hose first.”

Vegeta grimaced. His need for the toilet was worsening. He would be a wriggling mess if he tried to work a hose right now. His stupid bladder was too damned suggestible. And, if he stood there, squirming as he sprayed the fire out, Bulma would have even more reason to laugh at him.

It was night… Maybe he could bring himself to make use of a tree on his way to retrieve the hose. His vision was not hampered by the darkness, and the trees around the yard looked very inviting. Perhaps one of them would provide the LEAST humiliating way for him to relieve himself right now. He wouldn’t have to say the words ‘I need to pee’ to Bulma, no one would witness h—

The security cameras… He couldn’t remember which trees they were hidden in. With his luck, he’d pick one with a camera that was placed at just the right angle to record EVERYTHING.

He shuffled his toes. “Bulma, I—“

“You don’t want to listen to the hose because you need to pee,” Bulma filled in for him.

Vegeta clenched his fists. “That— That’s— Shut up…”

“It’s okay, Vegeta,” Bulma told him. “You can say it. Come on.”

Vegeta turned away. His bladder was pulsing, its walls stinging with agitation. Why wouldn’t she just drop this and let him go inside? He had to… Go inside. Now! His thighs tensed up, muscles clenching as he tried to pin his opening closed between them. There was so much pressure resting just behind it, liquid pleading to be let out.

“Come on,” Bulma repeated. “Say it.”

“Say what?” Vegeta demanded, now nervously pacing a few steps back and forth. He wanted to just run back to the house. It wasn’t like the woman could actually STOP him. But, he felt like he was being held in place by the immense awkwardness he felt. If he bolted like that, she’d think he was having an emergency. She’d think he couldn’t wait a moment longer.

And he COULD wait.

Just… Not if she forced him to use the hose.

He just had to make her drop this.

“You KNOW what,” Bulma said. “Just one little sentence, Vegeta. How hard could it be?”

Extremely hard. Harder than becoming a Super Saiyan for the first time.

“Bulma…” Vegeta gritted out.

“Yes?”

“I… Uh… I… Want to—“

“NEED to,” Bulma corrected.

“Ugh… I… ‘need’ to relieve myself.”

Bulma smiled. “There! Was that so hard?”

“Yes…”

Bulma rolled her eyes. “You’re ALLOWED to tell me when you need to pee. Especially when it’s super obvious that you do.”

Vegeta folded his arms and forced his legs to move further apart from each other. The sudden loss of support made his bladder feel significantly heavier, but he refused to give in to its demands. “How is it obvious?!”

“Vegeta, you’re being so silly,” Bulma said. “All these excuses… What’s SO awful about admitting that you just need to go?”

“All of it,” Vegeta huffed. “And your strange fixation with making me do it on the fire isn’t helping.”

“Goku did that all the time when he was a kid,” Bulma said.

“How incredibly shocking,” Vegeta groaned. He glanced behind Bulma, back towards the house. He was so close… His bladder was engaged in one of its most annoying habits at the moment— Lurching and squeezing in on itself because it knew he wasn’t far from where he could relieve himself.

He started to walk off again.

“We need to put the fire out BEFORE we go inside, silly,” Bulma said.

Vegeta cringed. He had reached the upper limits of his tolerance for this game.“I’ll be back in just a moment to handle it— Or YOU could deal with it.”

“Vegeta…”

“You can’t… You can’t seriously want me to… Do that, can you?”

“I’m not going to watch. I promise.”

Vegeta’s legs started to move closer together again. He allowed it, because the pressure just at his tip was getting REALLY painful now. “That’s not the point!”

“Then, what IS the point?” Bulma asked. “Does my big, tough Saiyan not think his stream is strong enough to put out a fire?”

Vegeta felt one of his eyelids begin to twitch. The worst thing about this was, he knew that she was trying to manipulate him. She couldn’t have been more obvious about it.

And it was working.

“D—Dammit, of COURSE I COULD do that if I WANTED to! But, such vulgar actions are beneath m—“ Vegeta’s midsection erupted with a flurry of spasms, the walls of his bladder were stretched thin, stinging furiously and contracting hard. “G—GO OVER THERE!” He pointed off in a random direction. “AND COVER YOUR EARS!”

Bulma’s eyes widened. So, that had actually worked? She quickly did as he’d asked. She felt silly putting her hands overtop of her ears, knowing it wouldn’t do THAT much to block out the sound of his spray, but she did it anyway.

Vegeta stood closer to the fire, shuffling urgently between his feet. He hesitated. Where exactly were the security cameras? Could any of them see his current position? He wasn’t underneath any of the trees, so he HOPED that meant he was in a blindspot. Was he SERIOUSLY about to do this…? He should just go back inside. This was stupid, and he—

His bladder convulsed, the pressure relentlessly building with each second. The toe-bounces that he couldn’t help were only making it ache worse, the overfull organ throbbing with the reverberation each time he moved.

Trembling, he unzipped his pants and hissed out a slow, sharp breath. Fuck, why hadn’t he gone earlier? Why had he put this off for so long? There was no reason for it. And then Bulma with all her teasing… This was awful.

He shut his eyes tightly. He was in his own backyard. He was home. He had peed in this same general area once before, even! That calmed him down somewhat, but his muscles still didn’t want to cede to his will. ‘Come on… Come on…’ he thought. ‘Just let me do this…’

He resisted the temptation to press his hand against his bladder, knowing full-well that the action would only hurt him. He shook and tried his best to… To relax— However the fuck people even did that!

This whole day was supposed to be about him relaxing. He… Honestly thought that he might have gotten CLOSE to doing so, too. He HAD been slightly less agitated than usual… That was a start.

It still wasn’t enough for Vegeta to just be able to pee outside like this, though. He was concerned that Bulma would be able to hear it if he finally managed to let it out. Then, he felt stupid, because after what he’d had to go through with her helping him pee into bottles while he was recovering, he shouldn’t have cared so much about that anymore.

Nevertheless, he DID.

His bladder screamed and he begged for it to just release, holding his breath so that the pain in his middle didn’t cause him to make any embarrassing noises. Waves of urgency continued to crash into him, and then it was like something just snapped.

Slowly, liquid pattered out of him, but it only took a second for it to build into an actual stream. He’d never managed to unclench himself all the way that quickly before, and the sudden sense of relief was absolutely amazing. He started to breathe again, sighing heavily. “Ahhh…” Immediately, he blushed. He hoped no one had heard that…

He doused out the flame in under half a minute— He was sure that it took Kakarot FAR longer to accomplish that! But, he still had a lot left in his bladder. He began to feel a bit more embarrassed as the stream kept loudly pouring out of him in the quiet night. He was now aware of all the chi signals within the city, and his body kept trying to clamp shut as he felt like all of them were somehow watching. His release slowed considerably, and he had to keep pushing to prevent it from stopping.

Once Vegeta had finally gotten himself emptied, and thought he looked presentable enough, he walked over to where Bulma was waiting for him.

Bulma had heard everything, including his sighing. She didn’t think she would EVER get used to how much liquid he could hold. “Did you… Uh… Do it?”

“Of course I did!” Vegeta exclaimed. “You think I can’t put out a fire?!”

Bulma snickered.

“What’s so funny?!”

“Nothing. You just sound… Confident. You’re starting to get as strong mentally as you are physically.”

“I always sound confident!”

}}

That bit about Saiyan women standing to pee reminds me of one of my favorite Bumla x Vegeta omorashi fanfics

&&

&&

*001*2024-11-13 02:14

Written for the Omovember prompt "Omo While Flying".

***

“Dammit, Kakarot…” Vegeta muttered. “The one time I WANT you around, and you’re not here.” He scowled at the direction of his own thoughts. He didn’t ACTUALLY ‘want’ Kakarot around. He just wanted to be able to teleport, that was all. Unfortunately, Kakarot was the only person he knew who could do that, so in a really round-about way, he sort of, almost, maybe wouldn’t completely MIND it if Kakarot were beside him right now.

That was completely different from seriously WANTING the fool to be here.

Vegeta just had to get home. He was flying as fast as he could and, unfortunately, that was quite a lot slower than usual. He was exhausted, his muscles were aching, most of his energy was drained out of him. And he had to piss so bad he felt like he was carrying a six-ton weight in his belly. His legs were glued together, and they continually wriggled, making it almost impossible to fly in a straight line. His hands kept trying to reach down to his crotch, which threw off his balance more. It was Hell trying to focus enough of his remaining energy on keeping himself in the air.

He could MURDER himself for getting into this situation, when he’d had PLENTY of opportunity to avoid it. He’d gotten up before the sun had even risen this morning, and he’d immediately guzzled a lot of water— A rare decision for him, but today was different. For what he’d had planned, hydration was a must.

Besides, he’d had no reason to worry about it. If he got too full, he was going to have plenty of ways to remedy the issue without much struggle.

Once he’d finished the water, he’d flown off to a barren wasteland— the same one he’d first fought Kakarot in— and waited for his rival to show up. It had been much too long since they’d last fought in a location where they could just go all out without having to worry about the damage done to everything around them. Today, there would be no holding back, no restraint, a real fight that would push both of them beyond their limits.

The wasteland was a long way from West City. Vegeta had to fly for a while, the cold morning air nipping at him the whole way. By the time he landed, he was already feeling an uncomfortable reminder of the water he’d had. Stupid bladder, so annoying… He bounced on his toes.

He waited around for Kakarot, and soon enough he had appeared in front of Vegeta. Vegeta tried not to groan. Kakarot hadn’t needed to fly for an hour to get here. Kakarot could just teleport wherever he wanted in an instant. No need to waste any energy on flight, or give his bladder enough time to start—

“Hey Vegeta, uh, you ready to fight now, or is there something you wanna do first?”

Of course, he could tell… Of course, the FIRST words out of Kakarot’s mouth just had to vaguely allude to Vegeta’s growing urge to pee.

Vegeta almost scoffed and insisted that he didn’t know what Kakarot was referring to, that he was DEFINITELY ready to fight and Kakarot had NO business even implying otherwise!

But, he wasn’t comfortable… This was going to be a long fight, there was a very good chance that Vegeta’s bladder would become both an unavoidable distraction AND a major weak-spot for Kakarot to hit if he didn’t empty it now… There were SEVERAL past fights he could think of that he WOULD have been able to win if he just hadn’t felt like his insides were being torn apart by waves of angry liquid the entire time.

So, reluctantly, he mumbled, “Uh… Yeah… Um… Gotta… Take care of something before we start…” Vegeta looked around until he spotted a crevice between a couple rocks and started to walk towards it. “You.. Uh… Just…”

“I doubt anybody’s gonna come out this way,” Kakarot said, then as Vegeta’s eyes narrowed, he added; “But, of course I’ll keep watch for ya anyway. Don’t worry.”

“Who said I was worried, Kakarot?!” Vegeta said as he tucked himself into the space between the rocks, his back to Kakarot and his hands shaking as he undid his clothes.

“Right. You’re not worried,” Kakarot said. “You have no reason to! You can do this! This’ll be nice and easy, and then you can show me how strong you’ve gotten!”

Vegeta released his bladder in a thin, clear stream that darkened the rock in front of him. The building pressure faded and his tension eased. He hadn’t been that desperate, but it still took close to two minutes for him to get everything out. He tried to ignore the mark left on the rock, how obvious it was…

He fixed his clothes and turned back around as Kakarot said; “Done? Great job, Vegeta!”

“Stop that…” Vegeta muttered, feeling himself turn red again. “If you keep saying such ridiculous things, then I’m DEFINITELY gonna have to show you how much stronger I’ve gotten…”

Kakarot grinned “Oh, then maybe I should keep saying it!”

“Dammit, Kakarot!” Vegeta snapped, rushing out from behind the rocks and getting into a fighting stance. “Get over here and taste my wrath!”

“Heheh,” Kakarot followed him.

After several hours, they were finally both too exhausted to continue. But, Vegeta was the one to collapse first— Only because Kakarot hadn’t needed to expend any energy on the flight over here, of course! “N—Next time…” Vegeta muttered, trying to catch his breath. “I’m gonna… Gonna—“

“Wow… V—Vegeta…” Kakarot huffed out. “You… really wore me out… When you said you were g—gonna go… all out… you weren’t kidding…”

“Of course n—not…”

They both laid on the ground for a while, trying to recover a bit. As he regained the ability to breathe properly, Vegeta realized that he sort of needed to pee again. Not urgently, and he was certainly in no rush to stand up again, but enough that it irritated him. He should probably head home soon. Once he stopped feeling so tired. Maybe he should even just tell Kakarot to teleport him, that would be easi—

No. How pathetic would that look? ‘Oh, Kakarot, I’m too tired to fly home by myself! Can’t you take me?’ Ugh… Never! It was bad enough he had to ask Kakarot to do that when he needed to void his bladder, he wasn’t going to start asking for it for other reasons too!

Soon, he and Kakarot stood up again, Vegeta stretching tiredly and making his bladder throb a little more.

“Phew… Well, I’m gonna go home now. Chi-Chi probably has stuff she wants me to do,” Kakarot said, putting two fingers to his forehead.

For a moment, Vegeta considered… Saying something. ‘Kakarot, I sort of need to relieve myself again, hang on a second and keep watch for me, alright?’ But… Twice in one day?! He couldn’t! It hadn’t been THAT long since he’d last peed, just a few hours! He couldn’t let Kakarot know he had to do it again so soon! Besides, he didn’t even feel that full. He could hold it until he got home just fine!

“See ya!” Kakarot said, disappearing.

Vegeta then took off in the direction of home… Flying much slower than he wanted to. Wow, a few of the hits he’d taken today had really… Maybe he pulled something the wrong way? Wouldn’t be the first time… He was SO sore, his arms didn’t want to stay by his sides, they wanted to slump down instead. He felt so heavy, it was a chore to move.

But, he did it anyway. He’d flown while thoroughly exhausted plenty of times before, and the worst that happened was he lost a lot of speed. Annoying, but not a HUGE problem.

It soon BECAME a huge problem, though.

After a bit more sluggish flight, the ‘I kind of need to pee’ pangs in his bladder had turned into ‘If I don’t piss soon, I’m going to die’ flares. He was frustrated with himself for not just handling it while he’d been with Kakarot. Kakarot could have kept watch for him a second time, as embarrassing as it was to request that two times in one day. Kakarot could have teleported him straight home. He’d had TWO decent options to choose from, and yet the decision he’d landed on was trying to fly home with an exhausted body and a full bladder.

‘Well… Kakarot should have noticed that I had to go before he left,’ Vegeta thought. ‘I shouldn’t have NEEDED to say anything!’ He continued to fly, trying not to squirm. Of course, no one was up in the sky with him to WATCH him fidget and wriggle with desperation, but it was slowing him down even more, and if he didn’t pick up his pace soon…

He was still SO far from home, from relief. And the ONLY thing he could think about as he forced himself forwards was the toilet and how badly he wished he was in front of it already! His bladder was searing, and the only thing he could do to soothe it without hindering his progress home was tense up his thighs. That simply wasn’t enough, and he found himself coming to several complete stops so that he could grab himself and tangle his legs together, scorching red every time.

Even though no one on the ground could possibly have THAT clear a view of him way up here, he was painfully aware of the fact that he was outside. The sun was beating down on him, the wind was battering up against him, and he could still SENSE the chi of humans so far below him.

And, every time he stopped to writhe around like this, he just wasted a few minutes that he COULD have been using to actually get home and REMEDY this whole problem.

He began to consider something that he hardly EVER considered— Perhaps he could find somewhere to relieve himself BEFORE he got home. Maybe, he could locate a nice, secluded spot in a forest somewhere. Or… something. Perhaps there existed a public facility that was private enough for him? Doubtful, but— Fuck, he had to go so bad! At this rate, he wouldn’t be getting home until evening, and by then he’d be so full that he’d barely be capable of walking to his bathroom.

A… A calm, concealed area hidden away inside a forest— That was his best bet, he thought. His odds of finding an empty public restroom were slim and, even if he did manage that, he wouldn’t be able to release himself if he knew someone could walk in at any moment. Just had to find a forest. Had to find a thick, dense forest that no sane human would ever go exploring in. Had to land deep inside it and water the ever-living FUCK out of a bush. Just had to…

And, he had to be very CAREFUL about where he chose to land, too. With how he felt, he knew that once he touched the ground, he would NOT be able to get up in the air again unless his bladder was empty. So, if he went to the wrong place, and it turned out he COULDN’T go, he was going to be stuck there until… Well, probably until he literally just exploded from the horrendous amount of painful pressure.

He had to be careful. He was not going to land until he was SURE he’d found the right spot.

He did pass over some wooded areas, his bladder shrieking at each one and begging him to please, please just try THERE. He kept vividly imagining his stream blasting out and soaking the bark of a tree as he slumped over and even allowed himself to pant and moan from the relief. He had to furiously shake these fantasies away, because he kept sensing chi signals from within the forests.

And, there was the problem. An average human’s power level felt SO MUCH like a deer or bear’s. He kept telling himself that, in all likelihood, he was just picking up on the presence of an animal. He couldn’t shake the worry that there WERE people in the woods as well. It was just like that humiliating camping trip, his ability to sense chi wasn’t helping him, instead just making things worse, just making him feel even MORE twitchy and edgy, and—

He sensed a much, MUCH higher power level not too far away, and realized WHICH forest he was flying over. He was close to Kakarot’s home. If he turned and went South for a while, he’d be—

He pictured it. He pictured himself knocking on Kakarot’s door, then explaining to the man that he couldn’t make it the rest of the way home. Explaining that his bladder was about to explode, and that he could no longer fly properly, that he needed Kakarot to teleport him the remaining distance.

No…

He couldn’t!

That was WAY more pathetic than needing Kakarot to keep watch for him twice in one day! He couldn’t, he couldn’t—

His legs slammed urgently together and he grabbed himself firmly with both hands as a slow, dismal trickle leaked out of him.

He’d… Tell Kakarot that he was just too tired to fly all the way home! Yeah! That would work, that would—

That would also be really, really fucking embarrassing. And Kakarot would see RIGHT through it, too… Kakarot would take ONE look at him and know immediately ‘Oh, poor Vegeta! He’s gonna burst if I don’t get him home right now!’

Vegeta could NOT allow that to—

His bladder lurched with a nauseating spasm, and the world around him began to spin as another few errant drops of pee spurted past his tense hold. A throbbing formed in his lower back, and he gnashed his teeth together, willing the agonized tears burning at the backs of his eyes to stay there.

Fucking— Dammit—!

Kakarot’s house it was, then…

Vegeta basically DRAGGED himself the last little distance to Kakarot’s home. He lowered himself so, SO gently to the ground, one foot at a time. But, it didn’t make a difference, the sudden presence of something solid beneath his feet made him double over on himself, bouncing on his heels and clenching his eyes closed against the dizzying pressure. He had to pee so bad that he felt sick. The pressure was flooding and boiling up in every part of his body.

Once he was able to straighten up enough that he didn’t LOOK like he was going to explode, he stumbled the last few feet to the door. He made himself knock gently, which wasn’t easy, but he didn’t need Kakarot’s woman screaming at him because he’d launched his fist through the front door.

It was Kakarot’s woman who answered… “Vegeta?” She said, poking her head out the door and looking around. “You… Came here by yourself?”

“Where is Kakarot?” Vegeta demanded. “I must speak with him immediately.”

“Goku is out working in the field,” Chi-Chi said. “He’ll be back in a couple hours.”

“Fine,” Vegeta started to turn around, only for Chi-Chi to snap at him.

“DON’T,” she said sharply. “Don’t you dare distract him. If you two start fighting, he’ll never get his work done.”

“I only need to see him for a couple minutes,” Vegeta said. “He can go right back to work.”

“No, Vegeta. I KNOW you two, the second you see each other, you’re gonna want to start training. And Goku can do that AFTER he’s finished with the important stuff.”

Vegeta glared at her. How dare this insignificant human order him around like this? If he wanted to speak to Kakarot, then he was GOING to speak with Kakarot! Ugh, but Kakarot’s wife was so very… Well, KAKAROT was frightened of her when she was angry, so who knew what otherworldly powers she was hiding?

“I… I wasn’t even gonna ask him to fight me,” Vegeta said. Even admitting that much, that he’d come to see Kakarot for a reason completely unrelated to a desire to pummel him, made him tense up.

“Uh-huh,” Chi-Chi rolled her eyes. “What WERE you going to ask him for, then?”

Fuck, what did he say now? He couldn’t tell her the truth! ‘I’m trying to get home, but I can barely fly because I need to relieve myself so damn bad! I need Kakarot’s instant transmission!’ But, what else could he say? What would Chi-Chi believe? “Um… I… That is… I was… Er… Bulma wanted to ask him for a recipe!” He settled on at last.

Chi-Chi gave him an odd look, which was kind of understandable. Bulma didn’t particularly LIKE cooking very much. But, when she finally responded, he realized his mistake. “Why would you ask GOKU for that? I’m the one that cooks everything.”

Ugh, great. This wasn’t getting him ANY closer to being allowed to see Kakarot.

Chi-Chi smiled at him, “I’m glad you both like my recipes, though. I’d be happy to give one to you, I’ll even show you how to make it.”

Vegeta’s bladder gave another rough jolt as sweat began to bead on the back of his neck. Himself and Chi-Chi in Kakarot’s small kitchen… Such close proximity, her paying attention to him as she tried to teach him how to cook something… She would notice, she would figure out what he had to do, and then what was he supposed to do if she SAID something about it?!

“Uh, that won’t be necessary,” Vegeta said. “Just the recipe, and I’m sure Bulma and I will be able to figure it out from there. I will just wait out here until Kakarot comes back.”

“Vegeta, don’t be ridiculous, you’ll be bored out of your skull,” Chi-Chi said. “Besides, this way you and Goku can have something nice to eat before you go beat the life out of each other.”

Vegeta considered that maybe having something else to occupy himself with would help distract him from his bladder. He hoped so, anyway. “Alright, fine.”

Chi-Chi led him into the house. He spotted Goten and Gohan in the living room. Gohan was reading something aloud to his little brother, whom turned around and waved at Vegeta. “Hi, Mr. Vegeta!” He said.

“Yeah, hi…”

“Vegeta,” Chi-Chi said. “Do you need anything? Want some water?”

Vegeta flinched. Why was Kakarot’s entire family so damned hospitable?! It was unnerving! “Uh, no,” Vegeta said. “I’m not thirsty.” His insides throbbed again at the very thought of water.

“Alright,” Chi-Chi said, and Vegeta tried not to seem too relieved when it no longer looked like she was going to make him drink something. “Now, what recipe was it that you wanted?”

Shit, even in all the time that had passed since he’d spoken that lie, he hadn’t thought of this. “Uhhh… Bulma liked that meat soup you made a couple weeks ago…” He said.

“Alright,” Chi-Chi said. “I think we have all the ingredients for that.”

“Good… And, when exactly is Kakarot supposed to get here?” Vegeta asked. His thigh muscles ached from how tight they were pulled. It had been AGES since he’d given himself a bad cramp while working out, and the fact that he’d done it to himself NOW just from trying to soothe his angry bladder made his embarrassment increase tenfold.

“A couple hours,” Chi-Chi said. “And, you two can fight as soon as he’s here.”

Could Vegeta withstand this for another couple hours? He knew he’d be able to HOLD his bladder that long if Chi-Chi stayed near him, but he doubted his ability to keep himself STILL, to prevent his problem from becoming blatantly obvious.

Even now, Chi-Chi was looking at him oddly. He stared down at himself, trying to work out what she had noticed. Were his legs too close together, was he bouncing on his toes without realizing it? Had he started to shake too visibly?

“You’re sweating,” Chi-Chi said. “Is it too hot in here for you?”

Vegeta wanted to KEEP sweating! Maybe then, his bladder would calm down and stop filling itself any further! If anything, he’d appreciate her turning up the heat! “I’m fine,” he said.

“Okay… Well, I’m sure you know this, but the first step of cooking anything is to wash your hands off.”

Vegeta gritted his teeth at that. NOTHING made his uncooperative bladder act up more than the sound of running water. Just the thought of that noise, that splashy, splattery hissy noise, so much like what he wanted to do… And then, to have to hold his hands UNDERNEATH that spray? He’d be a squirming mess in no time! He couldn’t—

Vegeta’s jaw lost some of its tension when he realized he had a way out of this. “Ah, no need. I’m wearing gloves.”

Chi-Chi sighed, “Yes, and they’ve been TOUCHING things all day, since you never take them off. It would be more hygienic of you to take them off and wash your hands like a normal person.”

It was Vegeta’s turn to sigh. Maybe if he washed his hands off really quickly, the water wouldn’t get to him. If he did it as fast as he could get away with, that awful noise wouldn’t place a vice around his bladder and squeeze it until he had no choice but to cross his legs and jiggle in place to ease the pressure.

Vegeta took his gloves off, and immediately his discomfort was rising. His finger-tips felt cold, his palms felt chapped and sensitive. It wasn’t an unfamiliar feeling, any time he took his gloves off, his hands were hit with a chill, and he DID need to take them off at least a couple times each day, but never for very long. He even slept with them on.

When he went to wash his hands, he failed to remember how sensitized his bare hands actually were. He’d always been aware of it, whenever his gloves were off, his hands felt things more strongly. The rare times he’d had to fight without them, he’d had to grimace through the pain of scorching his palms with his own chi every time he fired something. But, he hadn’t considered how that tenderness would affect him now.

He was extremely conscious of how the water felt as it trickled over his bare skin. And, ugh, it was warm. Not painfully hot, not like how his gloveless chi blasts felt, but warm. Too warm, absolutely maddening. It was giving him the most awful sensation. It felt like his bladder was squeezing itself.

It felt like his lower muscles were all trying to loosen themselves at once, heat was beginning to build down his length, and he kept feeling that bright hot pinch that usually came right before he started to pee. But, always at the last second, his muscles would cramp and send him a brilliant bolt of pain.

Still, the way he kept feeling like he was ALMOST going to pee was sending his heart into convulsions. Even though he knew that it was nigh impossible for him to… To actually wet himself here in Kakarot’s kitchen with Chi-Chi watching him, it continually FELT like he was about to. More sweat was going down his neck, and he shifted his weight slowly from side to side— All the squirming that he would permit himself to do for now.

He yanked his hands out of the water once he was sure Chi-Chi would be satisfied, and the feeling went away.

“That’s good,” Chi-Chi said. “Now,” she turned. “Oh, it’s too bad you’re not as tall as Goku, he always helps me get th—“

“I— I can fly!” Vegeta snapped out. “It doesn’t matter! What do you want me to get you?”

“The pot on that top shelf,” Chi-Chi pointed to it.

Vegeta spotted it and tried to lift his feet off the floor to go get it, and— MMmmf!! Ouch! Ouch, oh— Dammit, that hurt! As he left the ground, his bladder thrashed around within him, his abdomen felt like it was being trampled and clawed into, he felt like he was being torn to shreds, shattering to pieces. The pressure was so severe that he let out a startled yelp before he could stop himself. He could barely concentrate on his chi and staying off the floor was brutally difficult, which infuriated him. He only had to levitate a tiny bit above ground! He hadn’t had any problem doing that since he was a child just learning HOW to fly!

He managed to get the pot, and as his hands made contact with it, his mind’s eye was bombarded by the humiliating image of himself completely losing his mind, dropping the pot at his feet and flooding it as Chi-Chi stared at him, horrified. Gah! How could he even IMAGINE such a disgusting, humiliating thing?!

He dropped to the floor again, much too roughly, and whimpered for half a second as his bladder was shaken like crazy, liquid tossing and turning torturously inside it. He shoved the pot at Chi-Chi “HERE! Got it!”

Chi-Chi took it. She set it on the counter and turned away from him. “Vegeta…?”

“Y—Yes?”

“Are you alright?”

“Of course!” Vegeta insisted. He looked down, noticed his feet were bouncing, and forced them to stop. Pressure mounted right away, a heavy weight pushing roughly at his opening. He crossed his legs. “I’m fine— Why wouldn’t I be?” He glared at his legs and moved them apart, swaying a little from side to side.

“Uh…” Chi-Chi said. “Well… Okay… So, the first thing we do is dice up an onion,” she explained, grabbing one.

Vegeta tuned her out, focusing entirely on the tasks of holding his pee and not LOOKING like he was holding his pee. Every so often, he needed to untangle his legs which had managed to knot themselves together again without his permission. He was now trying to remember what it felt like NOT to be desperate to relieve himself. He tried to recall how nice emptiness had felt that morning before his fight with Kakarot. He should have savored that more, because now he could scarcely even imagine what it was like to experience anything other than an urgent, all-consuming urge to release gallons of liquid in a heavy, pressurized rush.

Ahhh, where was Kakarot? Wasn’t he finished working yet? Vegeta hardly trusted himself to speak once Kakarot DID finally show up. He feared he’d blurt out something like ‘Kakarot, finally! Take me home now, I’m about to burst!’ while dancing from foot to foot and clutching at himself for dear life.

It was a wonder he wasn’t moving around like that right now, he was just— Dammit, his legs were crossed again!

“Vegeta?”

He ignored Chi-Chi, using all his mental energy on forcing his legs apart.

“Vegeta!” Louder this time.

“Y—Yes!” Vegeta groaned. “I’m listening— Dice the onion, or whatever…”

“I did that a while ago, NOW I’m sautéing the beef.”

“Oh…”

Chi-Chi stared at him for a second, then sighed. “Um… Vegeta, I really don’t want to embarrass you, but… Er… Do you need anything right now?”

Vegeta straightened himself back out painfully. “No. Wh—What do you think I would need? I never need anything!”

Chi-Chi looked pointedly at his legs. He may have managed to get them uncrossed, but they were trembling and slowly moving closer together. “Um… I thought maybe you’d like to ‘do’ something now?” She prodded.

Vegeta turned away to try to hide his blush. Fuck, she could tell… “Uh, yeah. I’d like to finish cooking this soup.”

“There’s nothing we need to do right this very second with it,” Chi-Chi said. “And… I thought you might like to take a break?”

“F—For what?” Vegeta asked. “I am capable of standing here.”

“You… Look very uncomfortable,” Chi-Chi said. She lowered her voice. “You know, it’s perfectly alright to ask to use someone’s bathroom. If that was considered rude on your home-planet, it isn’t here on Earth.”

Vegeta turned even redder. Dammit, that was so blunt… He’d kind of FORCED her to be blunt, but still! “Uh… Good to know,” he said. “But, I have been on Earth long enough now to understand all of your customs.”

“Right… Well, you know where the restroom is, if you…” she trailed off seeing how furiously Vegeta was blushing. “What’s the matter?”

Vegeta didn’t know what to say. He couldn’t deny that he had to pee, it had become too obvious! And, he couldn’t think of a single, decent reason for why he couldn’t go to the restroom right now.

Well, aside from just telling Chi-Chi the truth about his Problem.

He couldn’t do that, though! He couldn’t let her see him be made so weak by something so insignificant!

But, lots of people already knew about it. Nappa had known about it. Kakarot knew, Bulma knew, Goten and Trunks both knew… And, so far the ONLY person who’d chosen to torment him over his problem had been Frieza. And Frieza was— He was fucking FRIEZA! Picking on Vegeta for his urinary difficulties was very, VERY low down on the list of terrible things Frieza had done to him. Just one, tiny piece of the torturous puzzle Frieza had turned Vegeta’s world into.

Of course Frieza had viewed Vegeta’s Problem as a new way to inflict misery upon him. Frieza had seen EVERYTHING about Vegeta as something to make him suffer for. The worst reaction he’d ever gotten from anybody else was just laughter and teasing— Laughter and teasing that STOPPED once Vegeta made it clear enough how difficult his Problem was to deal with. No one but Frieza had ever been actively malicious to him over it, or delighted in his distress.

Chi-Chi wasn’t at all like Frieza. Maybe it would be okay to—

Fuck, he couldn’t just SAY it though! He couldn’t describe it! This was different from telling Trunks and Goten, they were children! Chi-Chi was an adult!

But, she WAS Kakarot’s wife, and he spent so much time with Kakarot, so much time around Kakarot’s family… Wouldn’t it be easier if all of them knew? Wouldn’t it be easier if he didn’t have to HIDE it sometimes when he came over to train?

Bulma had told him he was getting stronger mentally, the power he could wield against his Problem was growing. And that meant he should be able to NAME it.

“It’s… Because…” Vegeta’s mouth felt insultingly dry considering the amount of fluid stuck inside his body. “I… Well, first you must promise me that you won’t tell anyone else about this. Kakarot already knows, but I don’t want anyone else to find out.”

“What is it?” Chi-Chi asked, confused.

“I… Er… I have this… Problem. I can’t… Er… ‘Void’ very easily.” There. He’d said it. He’d even used his least favorite word; ‘Can’t.’

“… You have a kidney stone?” Chi-Chi asked. “Is that why Goku always has to remind you to drink water?”

“N—No!” Vegeta said. “Saiyans can’t even get those!” He sure hoped they couldn’t, anyway… If pissing got even HARDER for him than it already was, he was going to lose his fucking mind.

“Then, what?” Chi-Chi asked. “Why can’t you pee?”

“Because… Ugh, I get this… Annoying, stupid, aggravating little feeling, right here,” Vegeta tapped his chest. “And, as long as that feeling is there, I’m not able to—“

“You… Have a nervous bladder?” Chi-Chi asked. “Is that it?”

Vegeta’s face burned up even more, particularly when he realized that this was one of the BETTER ways he’d heard someone else refer to his Problem. He liked how, the way Chi-Chi phrased it, it sounded like it was his BLADDER that had an issue, and not him. It was ITS fault, ITS failure, not his own. “That’s… Er… Yes. That does describe it.”

“Oh,” Chi-Chi said. “I guess that makes sense, you ARE a lot more closed-off than Goku… Honestly, he could learn something about ‘privacy’ and ‘boundaries’ from you… But, you mean you NEED total privacy, right? It’s not just a preference?”

Vegeta nodded.

“But… You can’t go here? The bathroom door DOES lock, Goku just never bothers with it.”

Vegeta turned away. “Your house is small,” he said.

Chi-Chi narrowed her eyes slightly, “And… What does that have to do with it? I know I haven’t got a mansion like Bulma’s, but—“

“It’s the sound,” Vegeta said. “You’ll… Hear…”

“I’m not going to be listening to you.”

“You’ll still be ABLE to hear it!”

“Well, what do you do at home?” Chi-Chi asked. “I’m sure there are people near the restroom someti—“

“The one I use is very secluded,” Vegeta said. “The employees never go to that area of the home.”

“Are you telling me that, in that whole MASSIVE house, you can only pee in ONE of the bathrooms?!”

Vegeta turned himself even further away from her. It sounded even more pitiful to hear it out loud.

“Do you want to go home for a minute, or something?” Chi-Chi asked. “Is THAT how you usually deal with this?”

“Um… Typically that IS what I do,” Vegeta admitted. “But, today, that isn’t going to work. I… Uh… When it’s ‘urgent’, it’s hard for me to fly.”

“… You came over here JUST to pee, didn’t you?” Chi-Chi gathered. “And, with how much you wanted to see Goku, I assume he’s been HELPING you with this somehow?” Seeing the look on his face, she added. “You don’t have to answer that… Do you want to maybe TRY to—“

“No point. It won’t work,” Vegeta said, still trying to stop his squirms and hold still. He knew it was pointless to try to retain any modesty at this point, Chi-Chi knew he had to go and she knew why he couldn’t do it, but that didn’t make it any less humiliating to continue fidgeting uncontrollably in front of her.

“How can you know for sure?” Chi-Chi asked. “You haven’t tried.”

Vegeta’s legs were tied so forcefully together that he didn’t think his feet were getting any blood-flow anymore. Chi-Chi trying to convince him to pee was causing his need to worsen— Fuck, how could it STILL be getting worse?! No matter how many times this happened, he continued to be surprised that he was capable of processing this level of pressure.

The ache in his back was starting to deepen as well, he knew that it wouldn’t be long before it turned into the scorching, fiery pain he was so used to, and he STILL wasn’t able to control how he reacted to that. It STILL made him nearly- collapse and yelp. Chi-Chi was REALLY going to fuss over him if he did that. “I know it w—won’t work because it NEVER works.”

“How often do you try to pee away from home?”

‘Never,’ Vegeta thought. ‘At least, not without—‘ Cringing and turning away, he muttered “Is Kakarot supposed to get here soon?”

“It’s still going to be a while,” Chi-Chi said. “He… DOES help you, doesn’t he? What exactly does he do?”

‘He tells me I’m strong over and over while I try to piss and, for some stupid reason, that works,’ Vegeta thought. He didn’t even consider saying it out loud— He was amazed that he’d managed to tell Chi-Chi about The Problem, but there was no way he could let her know about Kakarot’s solution to it. At least, not THAT solution, anyway.

“Instant transmission,” Vegeta said. “To get back home.” That was still embarrassing— It was still him relying on Kakarot for something that he shouldn’t need help with, but it wasn’t as bad as admitting that Kakarot basically cheered him on until he pissed.

“Oh…” Chi-Chi said. “That does make sense… And, I can’t do THAT for you…”

‘So just drop it already…’ Vegeta thought. ‘Now that you know, just pretend that this isn’t happening!’

“You should try, though,” Chi-Chi said.

‘Dammit, why do you even care so much?’ Vegeta thought as he shook his head. He wasn’t going to try. There was no point. It would just leave him feeling even more embarrassed, frustrated and desperate than he already did.

“I don’t want you to get sick, or anything… Just try, okay? No pressure.”

Easy for her to say… The only thing that existed for Vegeta anymore was pressure; Inside and out, brutal and agonizing. It was flaring so dangerously inside his bladder, his back was starting to sting with vicious pulses, each one creeping further upwards until— Fffff— “Mmmf—Gah!” The blinding, twisted flares had arrived, and his knees buckled as his stomach flipped over on itself, nausea being added to the list of extreme discomforts overtaking his body.

Chi-Chi’s eyes widened. “Vegeta, are you alri—“

Vegeta forced himself to stand up straighter, and the action made him feel like he was tearing himself in half. He stumbled out of the kitchen and towards the restroom, trying his best to ignore Goten and Gohan staring at him. He’d— He’d TRY. Fine! He’d try! At least, if he was in the restroom, Chi-Chi wouldn’t be watching as his body yanked itself to bits and tortured him. He’d be free to writhe and double over and clutch at himself without an audience. That was a step-up from the Hell he was in now.

He made it into the restroom and struggled with the lock. He was shaking, he had almost no control over his body— ‘Do NOT break the lock. Do NOT—‘ He got it into place without destroying it… Then was infuriatingly compelled to CHECK a few times to make sure the door really WAS locked, all the while aware of how pointless that was. Gohan and Goten could get past the lock without any struggle if they REALLY wanted to for whatever reason. The security the lock gave to Vegeta was completely imaginary, yet he NEEDED it.

He stood in front of the toilet and unzipped. As he aimed, he reminded himself that he HAD successfully urinated here once before. Granted, the house had been empty that time, but maybe his bladder would be more ‘accepting’ of emptying itself somewhere familiar.

He shut his eyes and tried to ignore the fact that he could sense Chi-Chi, Goten and Gohan nearby. He tried not to imagine what they were thinking. He reminded himself that since he’d TOLD Chi-Chi what his Problem was, she was NOT going to be shocked if he was in here for a long time. She was expecting him to need a while to coax his body into releasing, so she wasn’t going to think ANYTHING was strange about it.

His shuffled between his feet as the pressure inside of him grew and started to push its way downwards. ‘Hold still!’ He commanded himself. That was SUCH an infuriating aspect of his Problem. Whenever he attempted to pee, his desperation would make him fidget around as if he was still trying to hold it in, which would make it even harder to get anything out.

‘Come on…’ he thought once he’d gotten his feet under control. ‘Come on… Come on…’ His free hand twitched, wanting to press itself atop his bladder and mash down. He had NO idea why that impulse was always there during these miserable moments. It was incredibly rare that pressing on his bladder like that actually yielded any results— More often, all he managed to do was just make the pain worse. At best, he’d get a few trickles out that did nothing to ease the pressure inside him.

He clenched the hand into a fist at his side and willed it to stay there. ‘Come ON,’ he thought, pushing down on his pelvic muscles. This only caused them to feel even more tense and unyielding than before. This wasn’t working!

Fine! New plan! He wasn’t going to try to pee anymore! But, he wasn’t going to leave from this spot, either. He’d stay right here in this position until Kakarot finally got home. That way if… If… Uh… If… Well… Um… In the VERY unlikely event that the unthinkable happened, and his bladder split apart and emptied all on its own, if he stayed HERE, then that wouldn’t matter.

He wasn’t going to TRY to go, and he wasn’t going to HOPE for it to finally happen, he was just going to… Stand here and… Think about other things, trying to ignore the ripping, tearing, searing pain. MAYBE he’d pee eventually, maybe not. He’d just… Deal with whatever happened until Kakarot got here.

Curiously, as soon as he’d made that decision, as soon as he’d stopped ordering and pleading with himself to just calm down and let go, he suddenly felt the sharp pinch at his tip that always came right before he started to—

A thin, slow stream started to dribble out, burning and stinging a bit as it seeped past his trembling urethra. But— Fuck, he was actually— He held his breath and pushed, begging for it not to stop. It didn’t, and a few seconds later, he felt like a weight inside him was shifting and he started to spray out a waterfall.

Ohhh, that felt good… His shoulders sagged and he nearly let out a moan before remembering where he was, registering the chi signals around him once more. Ah! He was peeing when Kakarot’s whole family was on the other side of the door! What if the walls here weren’t thick enough?! What if they could hear every drop as it splattered out of him?! He was aiming away from the water in the bowl, attempting to keep his release as quiet as possible, but his pee still hissed, and—

He felt his lower muscles pulling taut again, his stream slowing down, and he still had SO MUCH that he needed to get out. He held his breath once more since it had helped earlier, and managed to keep going.

As always, it took him a long, LONG time to finish. Before he was done, he sensed Kakarot was closer to him and realized the other Saiyan had gotten home. Infuriating as it was, the realization made Vegeta’s muscles go a little slacker, making it easier to pee. He heard Goten whining a couple seconds later and tensed up a bit, but he was still able to finish.

Once he was completely empty, he needed a few seconds to catch his breath. His midsection felt extremely sore now, and the aches from his earlier fight with Kakarot were making themselves known again now that he wasn’t dealing with any blinding pains.

He had some trouble LEAVING the room, concerned about how loud he may have been, the possibility that someone might comment on it. He had to do it eventually, though. He couldn’t LIVE in Kakarot’s bathroom now just because he felt really awkward.

Outside, he saw Kakarot removing his hands from over Goten’s ears. He pretended NOT to notice until Goten complained “Can I go pee now, Dad? I can’t hold a whole ocean like Mr. Vegeta can!”

Vegeta glared, “Wha— What are you— Be quiet, you little—“

“Of course you can go,” Kakarot said, giving Vegeta nervous glance. Once Goten was gone, he said “Eheh… Uh… I covered his ears up after he started talking about—“

“You all could… Hear?”

“Ummm…” Kakarot looked down at his feet. “J—Just Goten and me,” he said finally. “I—I’m sure Chi-Chi didn’t, she doesn’t have Saiyan ears. A—And Gohan was all focused on his book, and… And, I’ve heard you pee BEFORE, and Goten’s just a kid… So, it’s no big deal, right?”

Vegeta looked away, reddening.

“And, besides— You were able to… Do that, even though I wasn’t around to help you out! Great job!”

“Kakarot— Dammit, stop saying that!”

“Heh, you’re smiling, though!”

“A—Am not!”

*002*2024-11-15 00:32

Written for the Omovember prompt "Hospital Omo".

***

Goku winced as he applied an ice-pack to his hand. It was not unusual for Vegeta to leave him injured. It was expected that they would both need to patch themselves up a bit after sparring.

The problem was, THIS time they hadn’t been fighting. It felt like Vegeta had broken his hand in a few places, and training hadn’t been involved at all. The actual reason for Vegeta shattering his bones had Goku so stressed out that it helped the pain fade. How could he be worrying about his hand right now?

Goku shuddered with discomfort. His hand ached, he had never been more nervous about Vegeta, and he was stuck in his least favorite place for the foreseeable future; A hospital. Everything around him set him on edge. He knew there were needles here. He had SEEN them, and even if none of them were for him, he got scared just looking at them.

Vegeta had gotten a needle… That was why Goku’s hand hurt so bad. Everything else they’d given Vegeta to clutch onto had disintegrated within seconds, Goku was the only thing available that could survive being squeezed by Vegeta like that, which was why Bulma had called him and begged him to come here.

Of course Goku had come, even though being here made his skin crawl. He knew Vegeta was far, far more miserable than him, he knew that Vegeta needed him. Goku could barely imagine what Vegeta must have been feeling like.

Goku still didn’t know what exactly had happened. He’d averted his eyes from the procedure— For his own sake and for Vegeta’s. Goku himself probably would have passed out if he’d tried to watch (Even looking away with his eyes closed had caused him to feel light-headed.) And Vegeta was humiliated enough that he looked like he was on the verge of a heart-attack, Goku observing the process may have actually been enough to kill him.

So, Goku had faced away, and he’d just let Vegeta squeeze his hand until it felt like his bones had been turned into dust, and he’d tried to pretend that this wasn’t happening. He didn’t want it to be happening. It made no sense to him anyway. He’d never thought someone could end up in the hospital just because they needed to pee. He had known about… that thingy they were putting into Vegeta, but he’d thought they were just for when someone physically couldn’t leave a hospital bed.

Vegeta could stand up… Goku thought, anyway. He’d probably need a little bit of help, but Goku could have done that for him! He’d even pointed that out to Bulma and the doctors, but they’d all said it wouldn’t have made a difference. Vegeta had just groaned, looking pale, shuddering.

That had scared Goku… He hadn’t snapped that he ‘didn’t need Kakarot’s stupid help’ like he would have expected…

So, they’d gone through with using the other thingy. The… Um… Cathy-whatever, and while that took place, Vegeta murdered Goku’s hand and Bulma kept telling Vegeta over and over that she was sorry about something.

There was a bag near Vegeta’s bed, and fluid entered it. Goku sharply averted his gaze from THAT as well but, really, there was little he could do to make this less embarrassing for Vegeta. He noticed the doctor WAS looking, and he almost snapped at the guy to knock it off, Vegeta needed his privacy regardless of the circumstance!

The doctor saw the bag fill up, and seemed alarmed, “Both of you, leave the room. I need to discuss things with the patient.”

Vegeta covered his face. He said nothing, but Goku could hear his teeth gnashing. Even now that the liquid had been removed, he was just as uncomfortable as before. Vegeta didn’t release Goku’s hand, either. Goku sensed he really wanted him to stay.

“I’ll stay here if you want me to,” Goku told him.

The doctor shook his head; “I’m afraid this is confidential. You’re going to have to step out.”

Vegeta eased up on Goku’s hand, very reluctantly, and Goku departed from the room with Bulma. After getting some ice for his hand, Goku managed to ask; “What happened? Why’s he gotta be in the hospital?”

Bulma chewed on her lip, “It’s all my fault,” she said. “I didn’t realize until…”

Goku adjusted the ice bag over his hand. “I’m sure it wasn’t your fault…”

“It was,” Bulma insisted. “I should have paid attention to him— Even if he won’t talk to me about this, I should have noticed before… Before it got like this.”

“Noticed what?”

“I… I rushed him out of the house this morning without letting him go first. I didn’t even mean to. I’d thought he’d already gone since he’d been awake for a while, and of course HE didn’t tell me… Then, I took him around the city, convincing him to ‘hydrate’ like always. And he tried to fly off a few times, but I didn’t realize how bad it was, so I’d ask him to hold on. Since he didn’t press, I assumed he was okay… But I should have known that he WOULDN’T tell me otherwise. And, eventually, he COULDN’T fly, and…”

“Did he try to… You know… In public?”

“He didn’t have the chance to,” Bulma said. “I thought I’d convinced him to, but when we got near the restrooms and he saw how crowded they were, I could tell he was starting to panic. So, I couldn’t force him, and I’d finally realized how much of an emergency it was. So, I thought I’d try to just call you to help him get home. But…”

“Chi-Chi had me out in the field all morning,” Goku said. “And I haven’t got one of those special phones that don’t have to plug into the wall.” This was HIS fault, too. “I’m sorry! I’ll get one, okay? I promise! This will NEVER happen again, don’t wor—“

“Goku, don’t blame yourself. I’m just glad you had gotten back home by the time Vegeta had ended up here.”

“I still don’t get why he had to go to the hospital,” Goku said. “Why didn’t you just drive him home instead?”

“That’s what I TRIED to do,” Bulma explained. “But… Oh, Goku, before we even got halfway there, Vegeta was so… He was SICK. His face lost all its color, he threw up… And I was telling him to stop trying to hold it. I told him it was okay if he just… Just wet himself right there in the car. I BEGGED him to just do that, and… And, I realized it must have been even worse than I thought, because he didn’t fight me on it. He TRIED. Vegeta TRIED to have an accident, he didn’t even argue!”

“But, he still couldn’t go,” Goku stated. That much was obvious.

Bulma shook her head. “I was so scared, Goku… I had to bring him here, it was the only thing I could do.”

“He’s okay now, Bulma, isn’t he? That freaky needle thing made him better, right?” Goku asked.

Bulma just looked away. The catheter had successfully gotten Vegeta’s poor bladder empty, but it had done nothing to change the fact that Bulma had put him through absolute Hell today. She’d forced him to suffer unbearable pain, and she’d made him go through a medical procedure that he found devastatingly humiliating.

No wonder, when they’d been asked to exit the room, it had been GOKU that Vegeta was the most reluctant to see leave.

***

The doctor had been asking Vegeta all sorts of questions, and he’d verbally answered precisely zero of them. The doctor had gone through lists of symptoms for various conditions associated with ‘acute urinary retention’, and all Vegeta had done was shake his head to everything.

No, he didn’t feel the urge to urinate when his bladder was empty— The problem was that his bladder hardly ever WAS empty. No, he certainly did NOT have ‘erectile dysfunction’, and how was THAT relevant?!

“Any seizures lately?”

No.

“Loss of balance? Dizziness?”

No.

“Headaches?”

Vegeta sure as Hell was GETTING one, but he shook his head anyway.

“Any hearing loss or changes in your vision?”

“What does ANY of this have to do with… With… Y—You know… Can’t I just go home now? You’ve poked, prodded and humiliated me enough for one lifetime.”

“We DO need to get to the bottom of what happened today,” the doctor said. “Urinary retention is a symptom of several illnesses, and if we get an early diagnosis—“

“I don’t have an illness,” Vegeta said. His patience was… Non-existent. Today had been HELL. All he wanted to do was get to his gravity chamber and… And just curl up into a fucking ball on the floor until he hopefully turned invisible.

“Sir, you may not, but we have to make certain. There’s a chance you could have some form of Cancer, or a brain tumor, or—“

“I don’t,” Vegeta huffed. “Believe me. I know I don’t. You are blowing this out of proportion. I… I know what’s wrong with me, and it’s not THAT.”

“What do you suspect?”

Fuck… Why had Vegeta said that? Of course, he would be expected to elaborate. “Uh… Well… I… I… I don’t have a brain tumor,” he finished lamely. “Or Cancer. I can tell you that much.”

The doctor frowned. “I’m going to need more information than that. I’m just not able to send you home until I’m sure there’s nothing else going on.”

Vegeta folded his arms, he looked all around the room. He wondered how much the woman would yell at him if he tried to blast his way out of here just to avoid an embarrassing conversation.

***

Goku had continued to reassure Bulma that this situation wasn’t her fault. He reminded her that Vegeta really SHOULD have said something sooner. “But, he did!” Bulma insisted. “He tried to fly home a couple times, and I just kept on thinking it wasn’t that bad.”

“He could have told you how urgent it was,” Goku said. “But, I mean, i—it’s not really anyone’s fault. Vegeta can’t help his… Thing, and how it makes him feel. And, you can’t help it if you don’t notice something.”

“YOU can always tell,” Bulma pointed out. “I’ve seen that. When we’re all together, you come and grab Vegeta before I’ve picked up on anything.”

“Well, that’s just ‘cause I’m a fighter, I think,” Goku said.

“What’s that got to do with—“

“You know, reading body-language and stuff,” Goku explained. “The only reason I can always tell how Vegeta’s feeling is because we fight so much, so I know what every little thing he does means. I can tell when he’s hungry, or trying not to laugh, or about to sneeze…”

Bulma only seemed more disappointed with herself. “It sounds like you can read him better than I can. I have no clue what he’s thinking a lot of the time.”

“Well, neither do I,” Goku said. “Just because I can tell when he needs stuff, that doesn’t mean I can read his mind,” He paused. “I think I DO kinda know what he’s thinking any time he needs to pee now, though.” He lowered his voice, and tried to make his tone more harsh. “‘Ah, where’s stupid Kakarot when I actually need him?! I have to get outta here before somebody notices I have to pee, or else the world is literally going to end!’”

Bulma smiled slightly. “Okay… I guess that IS probably what’s on his mind,” she admitted with a sigh. “I’m so worried about him. What if this, you know, makes things worse for him?”

“I’m worried about that, too,” Goku said. He really wanted to see Vegeta again, to get a better understanding of how he was doing now. In fact, he was SO worried about Vegeta that, even though he was starting to really need the bathroom himself, he wasn’t going to leave until he had confirmed that Vegeta was alright.

He’d hold it. He didn’t want to risk Vegeta coming out of that room while he was gone, and the other Saiyan insisting on leaving so quickly that Goku didn’t get to say anything to him. He had to stay right where he was, and pretend that the tingling inside of his bladder wasn’t bothering him at all. His knee bounced.

***

The doctor had returned to asking Vegeta questions. “Have you ever experienced difficulty with urinating before?”

Vegeta gripped each arm with the opposite hand, thankful that he had his gloves on, otherwise he’d be tearing himself to shreds with his own nails. “What’s it to you?”

The doctor shut his eyes, inhaled deeply. “Okay,” he said. “I want you to understand something for me; I’m a doctor.”

Vegeta scoffed, “No shit.”

“And, that means I have people talk to me about things that embarrass them EVERY day, and you know what? None of it shocks me. I’ve heard it all bef—“

“You think I’m embarrassed?!” Vegeta snapped. “I’m not! I just don’t discuss these matters, it’s as simple as that.”

“Sir,” the doctor said, now struggling to maintain his calm demeanor. “What is it that you’re worried about?”

“Nothing— I’m worried about— I’m NOT worried about anything. I don’t worry,” Vegeta lied. He was actually getting REALLY worried at the moment. For some reason, it felt like he really had to pee again, even though he’d just… He’d just… Had… All of that… Removed from him. Granted, that entire area of his body felt extremely weird at the moment. It had ever since the… thing had been inserted, and it had felt even stranger once it had been taken out. His bladder was sore, all the muscles surrounding it were sore, his opening felt… tingly.

His bladder filling up again made him all the more aware of how off-kilter everything felt now, his body was less willing to follow his commands and clamp closed, though he still didn’t feel like anything was going to leak. He just felt a little less in control than he usually did, than he WANTED to.

He really wanted to go home. He wanted to be close to the one place where he could pee. He never wanted to experience anything like today ever again. The shame of it… That was the worst part, it was even worse than the pain. Vomiting in the car just because the unfathomable screeching of his bladder, the shootings stabs in his back, and the motion of the vehicle had all nauseated him so much. The woman freaking out over him, “Vegeta, I’m so sorry! I had NO idea it was such a big emergency!” Her changing course to bring him to a hospital, so that he could have…

So that he could have a device inserted into his body that would FORCE his bladder to empty. He’d needed THAT. He’d been so incapable of resolving this himself, of just peeing like anyone else, that he’d been reduced to THAT. Some weakling human had needed to… Handle his dick to get the device into him.

Vegeta had never cared much about that kind of exposure. On the Frieza force, he’d walked naked out of healing tanks with no regard for others in the room with him. He hadn’t ever bothered to cover himself unless Frieza was present. He’d actually WANTED them to look, to see his body and think about what it could do. It had made him feel powerful.

But, that was probably why the earlier affair had upset him so much, had made him want all eyes— and hands— away from him. No one was thinking about what his body COULD do, they were thinking of the one, simple thing that it COULDN’T. The doctor who’d inserted the device had been looking at him, and the only thing on his mind was that Vegeta couldn’t pee. In that instance, the exposure had only made him feel even more vulnerable than he already did.

He’d hated it.

And he hated these questions as well. Because they, too, made him feel vulnerable. He hated the steadily increasing pressure building up once again in his bladder, it made him feel more vulnerable than anything.

***

Goku uncrossed his legs, then quickly crossed them again in the other direction. He wasn’t sure how many times he’d done that in the last several minutes, but he knew it had been a lot.

It must have been, because Bulma sighed at him, “Goku, YOU are much more obvious than Vegeta. Please go to the bathroom already, I don’t want to have to see both of you explode today.”

“Mmmf…” Goku chewed on his lip. He did feel like he was going to explode soon… But, no. Vegeta was going to need him the second he got out of that room. Vegeta was going to need someone to tell him how brave and strong he was for getting through today, and Goku was the best person for that job. Goku could hold it if it meant being there for his friend.

To distract himself, Goku tried to come up with the perfect thing to tell Vegeta to help lift some of the day’s shame off of him. ‘Wow, Vegeta! You are the bravest person I know— If someone tried to stick me with a needle there, I’d probably scream so loud that they’d be able to hear it on Namek!’

But, maybe Vegeta would prefer if they never explicitly acknowledged what exactly had happened again.

‘Look, Vegeta! You made my hand swell up and we weren’t even fighting! You’re so strong that you can shatter my fingers without even meaning to! I’m gonna need a senzu bean just ‘cause you held my hand for a couple minutes!’

That was a little better…

Wasn’t it?

The last part felt a little…

He and Vegeta had held hands today. Sort of. Technically. And, Vegeta had been the last to let go, too.

Heh, that was kinda weird! Goku had never thought Vegeta would do THAT with him. Vegeta was gonna get really embarrassed if he remembered that part!

‘Better not mention THAT, either,’ Goku thought. ‘He just needed something to squeeze was all, don’t want him to think I’m teasing him about it.’

Speaking of squeezing, Goku’s bladder chose that moment to throb so harshly that he had to quickly grab at himself for a second. He’d foolishly used the same hand Vegeta had basically annihilated, so he let go right away as a volt of aching pain overtook it. He flinched, cradled his hand, and leaked a few drops of pee.

None of this escaped Bulma’s notice. “Goku, I promise hospitals don’t keep any needles in the bathrooms, if that’s what you’re scared of.”

Goku shook his head. “I just don’t wanna be gone when Vegeta gets back,” he explained. “They should let Vegeta out soon, right?” He tapped his foot a little faster, urgency clear in his voice. “They already fixed him up, so what else do they still need him for?”

“They need to ask Vegeta some questions,” Bulma explained, anxiously fiddling with her fingers. It was difficult for her to sit there and wait for Vegeta, wait to find out what kind of mood he was in. It was even harder to be stuck there with nothing to do. She thought she’d be able to calm down a little if she’d had something to work on, but her hands were empty. Her head was full. It wasn’t comfortable.

She wanted to be back in her lab, building something… Anything. Maybe even something that could help Vegeta and prevent THIS from ever happening to him again. But what? “They need him to tell them about all of his symptoms.”

“Hang on, they gotta make Vegeta explain this to them before they let him leave?”

“Yes,” Bulma nodded. “So, go ahead and use the bathroom now. We’re probably gonna be here until that doctor just passes out from exhaustion.”

Goku hesitated, but started to stand up. Why did the doctor need to question Vegeta about this? Wasn’t it pretty obvious what had gone wrong today? Vegeta couldn’t pee, that was all there was to it. It wasn’t like he had a disease, this was just the way Vegeta was. Goku didn’t understand why the doctor needed any more information than that.

Goku reached the bathroom and finally started to relieve himself. He tried to finish as fast as he could, just in case Vegeta DID manage to get out the words he needed to say.

***

As the doctor continued to press him for information, which he reluctantly gave, Vegeta fought back some fury at himself. ALL of this could have been avoided with just a few simple words this morning. ‘Bulma, hold on, I still need to use the bathroom before we leave.’ If he’d just said THAT, then none of this would have happened. His bladder wouldn’t have filled to the critical level that it had, Bulma wouldn’t have panicked so much, he wouldn’t have needed that… stupid… catheter thing…

He wouldn’t be getting asked all these questions about his pissing habits!

“Is there pain when you urinate?”

“No,” Vegeta said. “Not typically.” Typically, relieving himself was one of the best fucking feelings in the universe. Unfortunate that something so humiliating had to feel so damned good.

“Not typically?” The doctor repeated.

Ugh… He’d said too much again. “I got sick once, some type of infection. It went away, so it no longer matters.”

“Was this infection a one-time thing?”

“Yes…” Vegeta huffed. His toes bounced, reminding him that there were SO many reasons that he wanted to leave this fucking place. He couldn’t believe that he had to go so badly again. He paused for a second, sensing for Kakarot’s chi. He was relieved that it felt like the fool was still in the building. Kakarot could take him home IMMEDIATELY after this was over.

If it ever WAS over, anyway.

“How often would you say you feel the need to empty your bladder?”

‘Fucking constantly,’ Vegeta thought. ‘That’s what tends to happen when you can’t ever piss.’

“I mean, how often do you go?” The doctor clarified when Vegeta didn’t respond. “Do you go frequently?”

Vegeta bit down on his tongue to avoid a derisive laugh that would have had him bursting at his seams. He didn’t know how to respond. He knew the doctor wouldn’t approve of the honest answer; ‘Usually twice per day, three times if I’m lucky. Only once a day, or once every two days, if the universe decides that I need to be tortured.’

He tried to think of what a normal amount would be, he tried to remember how often Kakarot pees, but he couldn’t. “Uh… Maybe… Um…”

“So often that you lose track of—“

“No, of course not!” Vegeta scoffed. “Only twice a day!”

… Dammit.

Why did he do these things? It wasn’t even like he was PROUD of that! Not anymore! Why the Hell did he STILL feel the need to boast about it anyway?!

Stupid doctor had used some kind of mind-trick on him… He could just TELL that Vegeta could never resist the urge to brag, no matter how idiotic it would be to do so.

“… Twice a day,” the doctor repeated. “Are you sure?”

“Sometimes three times,” Vegeta clarified.

“Your urine from earlier didn’t look dehydrated…” the doctor said, making Vegeta shudder with revulsion. Why had he been looking at that so closely?! How dare he?! “And, the volume that had been in your bladder was… Something else. You should be going MUCH more often than that, you’re letting your bladder get too full, and that’s putting you at risk for all sorts of complications.”

Vegeta wondered if informing the doctor that he was actually an alien would do him any good here. He could insist that peeing so rarely was just normal for his species, and not any cause for concern.

“So, DO you have frequent difficulties emptying your bladder?” The doctor asked once more. “That is a sign of a lot of serious—“

“Could I— Could I perhaps have Kakarot back in here?” Vegeta interrupted. Kakarot could… Say these things!

“I’m afraid I can’t allow that,” the doctor explained. “It would violate doctor-patient confidentiality if he were present while we filled out your records.”

“And what bullshit is that?”

“It’s exactly what it sounds like. I’m not permitted to share any of your medical details. I could lose my license.”

… What? Seriously?! But, on all of Frieza’s planets, absolutely EVERYTHING about Vegeta’s medical history was given directly to Frieza. That was the case for EVERYONE, and it was the reason Vegeta only went to see the medics when he had literally no other choice. Every injury he’d sustained, every allergy he’d discovered, and so much else… It was all catalogued and sent directly to Frieza.

And the tyrant had USED that information. If Frieza had taken Vegeta into the cell for a ‘punishment’, Frieza would remember which parts of Vegeta’s body had been hurt recently, so he’d concentrate his attacks there. When he learned Vegeta was allergic to a chemical found in the atmospheres of certain planets, Frieza would send Vegeta on missions to them so that he’d have to try to fight while he could barely breathe. Frieza had used the fact that Vegeta had wet his bed twice as a toddler as a means to humiliate him.

Vegeta had learned not to TRUST doctors. Bad things happened when he went to them, so he just WOULDN’T unless he was in danger of dying. He couldn’t have his vulnerabilities documented like that.

Vegeta raised a brow skeptically. “Oh, sure,” he said. His foot started to tap, and he hoped that it just served to make him look more testy. “You won’t tell ANYONE.”

“I won’t,” the doctor said. “I’d lose my job.”

The loss of employment seemed like a small price to pay for exposing the weaknesses of Prince Vegeta, though…

“Also, I’d rather not have to deal with Capsule Corp’s lawyers,” the doctor added. “So, I promise, anything you say in this room will never leave it.”

He could say anything, then… Whatever he wanted… No matter how humiliating.

His bladder throbbed, his thighs clenched.

He could say… Anything he needed to say, and then he would hopefully be allowed to go home…

“I… Uh…” Vegeta struggled. “That is… Um… The reason for my… For what happened today… Is… I… I happen to…” Dammit, he just wanted Kakarot here. Kakarot could explain it. Kakarot could get the point across, put an end to this… He’d say something really simple and stupid like ‘Poor Vegeta’s got some bad stage-fright, that’s all! And it can get really intense, but me and him are working on it so he gets better. Today was just hard ‘cause the silly guy didn’t wanna speak up until it was too late.’

“I… Have this thing,” Vegeta finally managed. “I do not know what to call it— It doesn’t DESERVE a name. But, someone else has called it… a… uh ‘nervous bladder’ before. I, uh, I— I just—“

“… Paruresis?” the doctor asked. “That’s what caused everything today?”

“… Huh?” Vegeta squinted his eyes at the unfamiliar word.

“The condition where someone can’t relieve themselves around oth—“

“That, yes,” Vegeta said sharply.

“I see… Well, that’s certainly less serious than what I feared,” the doctor said. “I take it this has been an ongoing problem? When did it start?”

“When I was four, most likely.”

“This is more of a psychological issue than a physiological one, have you ever consulted with a therapist?”

“A WHAT?” Vegeta snapped. “I have no use for such a thing.”

“Have you been managing your Paruresis on your own, th—“

“Yes! I can handle it! I’ve got it under control!” Vegeta insisted, closing his eyes tightly. Had he kept them open, then the fact that he was currently in a hospital because of his Problem, his bladder getting uncomfortably full yet again, would have been so huge of a contradiction that not even HE could deny it.

“But, today—“

“Today was a fluke,” Vegeta said. “My usual methods were not available to me.” That wasn’t even a lie. The woman hadn’t let him fly home, and Kakarot hadn’t been present. If either one of those things had been different, he would have been alright. And BOTH of those options were perfectly reasonable, it meant absolutely nothing that he completely fell apart as soon as they were gone.

“Have you ever considered self-catheterization?” The doctor asked. “Just as a last resort?”

‘Have you ever considered shutting the fuck up and just letting me go home?!’

Vegeta hadn’t known ‘catheterization’ was a THING until today— And he would have gladly foregone the knowledge. The idea of doing that to HIMSELF… Hell no!

It would be pathetic, anyway! He shouldn’t risk becoming reliant on such a contraption! He should be able to piss just fine on his own!

“No. As I said, I have this under control, today just got away from me. My wife probably overreacted by even bringing me here, I would have been fine if we’d just gone home. Are we done here?”

***

“Hey, Vegeta!” Kakarot’s annoying voice greeted him a few minutes later, once he’d gotten the irritating doctor to finish filling out all those stupid forms for him.

Vegeta couldn’t meet Kakarot’s eyes. Or Bulma’s. Now that he was back in front of them, the witnesses to today’s ultimate disgrace, the shame was enveloping him with new intensity.

Kakarot waved a hand. “Check this out, it’s been a couple hours and the swelling’s only NOW starting to go down. Look how much you can hurt me when you don’t even mean to! You’re so strong, Vegeta!”

Kakarot’s words felt patronizing, and it was blisteringly obvious what the other Saiyan was trying to do. Yet, for some reason, it DID improve his mood slightly. That was new… Rather than being annoyed by Kakarot’s efforts, he was strangely grateful that they were being made at all, that Kakarot had stuck around like this. “Tch… Well, just wait until you see what I can do to you when I AM trying.”

Kakarot smiled. “I bet you wanna go home now, huh?”

“Yes…” Vegeta really needed to get home now. His throbbing, shuddering bladder wasn’t going to tolerate the delay much longer. His holding muscles still felt so strange. It was like they were groggy or something, they were straining even though Vegeta didn’t think he was THAT full just yet.

Kakarot grabbed his shoulder, but before they could leave, Bulma stopped them to apologize to Vegeta again. “I’m so sorry that I didn’t pay attention, or listen to you when I should have,” she said. “I’ll handle everything else here for you, so you can go home and we can pretend none of this ever happened. Alright?”

Vegeta didn’t know what to say. He didn’t even blame her, really. He KNEW he should have been more forthcoming about how bad his situation was getting. He just… He couldn’t do it. Something in him wouldn’t let him.

Goku took Vegeta home, and they appeared in front of Trunks. Trunks wasn’t AS startled this time as he had been on previous occasions, but he still jumped a bit. And, when he saw Vegeta, he frowned. “Dad, you don’t look so good,” he said.

“Vegeta got a little sick today,” Goku said. “But, he’s alright now. He just needed, uh… Some special medicine.”

“Oh,” Trunks said. “He’s gonna be okay?”

“Yep,” Goku assured, quickly leaving the room with Vegeta. He could tell his friend didn’t really want to be around anyone right now. And, when he noticed a slight tremor in Vegeta’s legs, he knew there were multiple reasons for that. He didn’t acknowledge it, just allowed Vegeta to head to his bedroom.

Once Vegeta had gone, Goku put the fingers of his good hand to his forehead, intending to return to Bulma, but he stopped himself before he could lock on to her chi.

After what Vegeta had just been through, he wasn’t sure if leaving the other Saiyan COMPLETELY alone was such a great idea.

***

Vegeta audibly whimpered when he stood in front of the toilet and found that he couldn’t go. He didn’t know why he’d EXPECTED anything different, but he was still furious. Hadn’t his bladder done ENOUGH to him today?! Oh fuck, just the memory of the torture from before… The fiery horror that had brutalized his back and twisted his stomach as Bulma had been trying to drive him home. The panic in her voice as he lost all control over himself, no longer able to pretend anything was even ALMOST okay.

“Vegeta, stop!” Bulma had begged him. “Stop trying— Just, PLEASE let it happen! You’re hurting yourself!”

The horror that had flooded his veins in that moment, when it registered to him what she was telling him to do. She wanted him to… Stop trying. She wanted him to… Release it onto himself. Right there in the car, in front of her. And the really sick part was how badly he’d WANTED to. He hadn’t urinated since the previous night, Bulma had pumped him full of water, his insides felt like they’d been stretched further than should have been physically possible. He WANTED the horrible feeling to go away.

“Please,” Bulma had continued to tell him. “Let it out, okay? Just let it all go, it will be okay! We’ll never mention it! When the dragon balls are working again, I’ll even wish to have my memory erased! Just—“

“I’m trying!” Vegeta admitted, absolutely gobsmacked by how pitiful and broken his own voice sounded— By the fact that he was telling Bulma the TRUTH. He was ACTUALLY trying to… Void on himself…

But, he couldn’t do it. His heart had thundered, his stomach had rolled, and when the car took a turn too sharply, it was his STOMACH’S contents that managed to break free from his body, not his bladder’s.

“Vegeta!” Bulma had exclaimed. “That’s it! I’m taking you to the hospital!”

And then… He’d gotten to experience the ultimate consequence of his failure.

What if that happened again? What if the doctor had been right to suggest Vegeta… ‘self-catheterize’? He was at home now, and still unable to go, so that was possible. Oh, fuck. What if he spent the rest of his life needing to… Insert that thing into himself every time he needed to piss? Was that the point he was at now? He’d thought he’d been getting better, and now he couldn’t go when he was alone in his own bathroom anymore. The remnants of his shame just wouldn’t leave him, whispering to him that he was completely hopeless, that his future consisted of always needing that stupid device to get himself emptied.

And THAT was something he wouldn’t be able to hide. He could come up with excuses for why he was fidgeting, why he and Kakarot needed to rush off alone sometimes, why he occasionally had to fly home in the middle of something. He could not explain away his possession of a bunch of piss-tubes. He’d need to have them on-hand when he went out. They would be noticed. Everyone in his life would know about this, and about how bad it had gotten.

His chest tightened, and so did his holding muscles. His thoughts were spiraling, and he knew it, but he couldn’t get them to stop, and they wouldn’t allow him to pee. He knew that if he could just calm down and pee right now, the panic would fade. If he could just pee right this second, he’d know that he was blowing this event out of proportion, that he COULD still go on his own. But, since he understood that urinating would take this terror away, that made him so much more desperate to do it, which made him even more stressed about how he couldn’t, which made it harder for him to go, which made the panic worsen, which—

Ahhh! He couldn’t take it anymore! This torment was beyond comprehension! He needed— He had to— He— Oh, fuck, he hoped Kakarot hadn’t left yet! Between the pressure scorching inside of him, and the flood of angry endorphins eating away at his brain, Vegeta couldn’t focus enough to sense anyone’s chi.

He left the restroom, trying hard to ignore the rippling pangs from his still un-emptied bladder, but they enraged him so much that he barely restrained himself from punching a hole through a wall. He’d given the stupid fucking thing ample opportunity to comply with him! Now it honestly thought it had the right to BITCH at him for leaving the bathroom without pissing?! It could go burn in Hell for all he cared!

The heat pulsing in his abdomen already felt pretty Hellish, though.

He exited the bedroom, and found Kakarot in the hall. Good! Now, he just needed to avoid showing Kakarot how terrified he was. “K—Kakarot, I…” his voice broke. What if even Kakarot couldn’t get him back on the right track now? He was going to be stuck using catheters forever, he just knew it! “I… I require… Some… assista—“

“Sure thing, Vegeta!” Kakarot said, thankfully preventing Vegeta from completing the shameful request.

Kakarot followed him back to the restroom, and Vegeta readied himself again. The most surprising thing— to both of them— was that he chose to leave the door open. He needed to be able to hear Kakarot’s voice loud and clear, not muffled behind anything. Kakarot’s… ‘encouragements’ HAD to work now. They ALWAYS worked. Vegeta didn’t know what he’d do if they suddenly didn’t now.

Goku chewed on his lip. He could sense how much Vegeta was counting on him, and it felt daunting. Cheering Vegeta on had always worked before, but honestly Goku never put too much thought into what he said, he always just blurted out whatever came to mind first until he finally hit on something that made Vegeta relax and let go.

Vegeta was in a panic right now, and it was going to get worse if Goku took too long to say the right thing. “Y—You can do this, Vegeta!” Goku began, as he always did.

Vegeta huffed out a breath.

“You’re so strong, this can’t beat you!”

“It did—“

“No, it didn’t!” Goku insisted. “You had a rough day, lots of stuff went wrong, but you got through it!” Recalling his earlier ideas, the ones he’d written off as too embarrassing for Vegeta, he continued; “You were really brave, letting them—“ ‘Put that needle thingy there,’ Goku almost said. But, Vegeta wasn’t afraid of needles like Goku was. That hadn’t been the aspect that had bothered him so much, that had prompted him to grip Goku’s hand so hard that he’d nearly shattered all the bones.

“You were really brave,” Goku repeated. “I know how embarrassed you must have felt, having the doctors do that to you, but you got through it and it’s all over now. You were so tough.”

Vegeta exhaled again.

“A—And, you told that doctor about your Problem too, didn’t you?” Goku added. “You must have, since they finally let you out. That must have been really hard, but you were strong enough to do it, and I’m so proud of you.”

Goku noticed Vegeta’s shoulders begin to lower, some of the shaky tension there was fading.

Almost… Almost…

“Being vulnerable takes a lot of courage, telling someone something personal is one of the strongest things in the world.”

A trickle, and then a gush, followed by a louder sigh from Vegeta, his shoulders loosening the rest of the way.

Thank goodness…

“There you go! Great job, keep doing that!” Goku said, unable to stop grinning. He swore, he was just as relieved as Vegeta this time. His friend was getting back to normal. No more needle thingies. “You’ve got this!”

Vegeta was so thankful about still being able to DO this that he didn’t even CARE about how embarrassing it was to be praised so much just for peeing. It only ADDED to how great this felt, because he really did DESERVE to be praised. He’d gone to Hell and back today, and he was going to be alright.

There was a pink tint to his urine, but he had been warned to expect that after the… procedure, so it didn’t alarm him. There wasn’t any pain coming along with it, only the blissful sensation of his bladder emptying, and the immense relief that came from knowing he WOULDN’T have to rely on that device from now on after all. He could do this.

Vegeta finished up and righted his clothing before facing Kakarot again. Kakarot was smiling at him like an idiot, but he didn’t mind. “Done?” Kakarot asked. “Got it all out?”

Vegeta gave a quick half-nod.

“Awesome! Good job, Vegeta!”

“Ugh… Kakarot…” Vegeta groaned. “You don’t have to keep saying that.”

“But, I’m really proud of you, though,” Kakarot said. “And besides, you LIKE it.”

“I do not…”

“Heh, whatever you say,” Kakarot laughed. “You’re all good now? Ready for me to leave and get Bulma?”

“Yeah. Fine. Whatever,” Vegeta said.

Kakarot put his fingers to his forehead and disappeared, reappearing again a few seconds later, now with Bulma, whom immediately apologized to Vegeta AGAIN.

“Stop making such a big deal about it,” Vegeta ordered. “I want to forget about today, and you are making that VERY difficult!”

“I— I know, I’m sorry,” Bulma said.

“Gah, you did it again!”

***

That night, after she was sure Vegeta had gone to sleep, Bulma left the bedroom and went to her lab. She, too, wanted to forget about today. And the only way to do that was to prevent anything similar from EVER happening again.

She would make sure of that.

*003*2024-11-17 03:27

Written for the Omovember prompt "Being Caught".

***

For his and Bulma’s anniversary, Vegeta said that he would do ANYTHING Bulma wanted. The offer was carefully calculated, as he knew precisely what he’d request from Bulma if she said such a thing to him and assumed that she would ask for something similar. He’d been so certain that she’d just ask to have HIM, in a whole variety of positions, that he’d told Trunks to spend the entire day at Goten’s house just so that he and Bulma would be uninterrupted.

But, no. His assumption was incorrect. Instead of just getting straight to it and spending the entire day in bed— and perhaps a few other locations— Bulma wanted something more ‘romantic’. Yes, she wanted to spend the entire day with him, but she wanted to spend a huge chunk of it at some fancy restaurant for a candlelit dinner.

Which… Okay, Vegeta didn’t MIND that sort of thing. Fancy restaurants and Saiyan appetites didn’t tend to mix very well, but they usually got Bulma in the right mood, so he’d go.

The issue was that Bulma wanted him to wear a suit. Vegeta was accustomed to his battle armor, which was made of a material that seemed to just merge with his skin, clinging to it and adjusting automatically when he moved. It stretched easily, it never got caught on anything. Earth clothing was too ‘flowy’, and tended to have so many unnecessary add-ons.

His usual outfit had ONE zipper so that he could piss, anything more wasn’t needed. He had no idea why Earthlings stuck so many buttons on everything. They were so annoying! The suit Bulma wanted him to put on had several on the shirt, and then more on the pants. And, since he wasn’t used to DEALING with buttons, he kept fastening the ones on his shirt into the wrong holes. Stupid things…

Bulma eventually had to handle the buttons FOR him, which was embarrassing. The whole time, he kept muttering that they shouldn’t have even existed. “What’s so hard about making a shirt you just pull over your head? Can’t you people do that?”

“The buttons look nicer,” Bulma said.

“… How?” Vegeta groaned.

“They just DO,” Bulma sighed. “Now, I figure you’re ALSO going to need to help with your tie.”

“Ugh, do I have to?” Vegeta asked. He’d been made to wear a tie on his and Bulma’s wedding day too, and he’d HATED it. It made his neck itch! And, he hadn’t been able to figure out how to put it on. He HAD managed to twist the thing up into a huge knot, which he thought was what he was supposed to do. But, when Piccolo saw him, that was the first time he’d ever heard the Namekian laugh, so he knew he’d done it wrong. “What purpose do those serve?”

“They look nice,” Bulma reiterated.

“How does wearing a leash around your neck make you look better?”

“It’s not a leash. Just let me…” Bulma put it on for him. “There,” she said. “You look so handsome.”

Vegeta sighed. “I look just FINE in my armor…”

“The restaurant we’re going to has a dress code,” Bulma said. “I don’t think they’ll even let you in if you wear—“

“Pretentious… little… Why does this planet have so many needless rules, why can’t Earthlings just keep anything simple? Is anyone going to be vaporized if I show up wearing my armor?” He paused. “No, of course not… Not unless they piss me off enou—“

Bulma laughed, “Oh, Vegeta… You act like wearing a suit for ONE evening is gonna kill you.” She touched his pant-leg. “It’s plenty soft, it shouldn’t be so uncomfortable.”

“The tie itches…”

“It’s only for a little while,” Bulma reminded him. “Now, I’ll get your belt.”

Vegeta groaned, “Why did you not simply buy the pants in a size that will fit me WITHOUT the use of a belt?”

“Because the belt matches your suit so well.”

“… And I’m supposed to care?”

“Come on, Vegeta, stop being so fussy about this… Goku wears a belt, and he doesn’t whine about it.”

Vegeta grumbled softly as Bulma put the belt on him. She ignored him and talked over him. “This is a new kind of belt,” she said, doubting he was even listening, but hoping that he was. “It’s got this lever here right at the bottom of the buckle. That controls this bit of metal that gets wedged to the track on the belt strap by a magnet. So, it’s kind of like a locking mechanism, cool right?’

“Yeah, sure,” Vegeta said.

Good, he WAS listening… “Yep… Anyway, to take it off, you just pull on the lever— Oh, and YOU’RE probably gonna need to be REALLY careful when you do that. But, just pull on it, and it will pull the metal bit back up out of the track so the strap is unlocked again.”

“Great, yeah, whatever…” Vegeta said, impatiently. He was getting REALLY hungry. Bulma had told him not to eat anything today so that he’d have an appetite for dinner— As if a Saiyan could ever NOT have an appetite.

Bulma latched the belt— Oof… Why did it have to go right there? Why did it have to squeeze? Why did he have to wait until JUST NOW to realize that he needed to relieve himself? He hadn’t noticed his bladder before, but now it was buzzing with a warning thrum of need.

“How’s that?” Bulma asked.

“It’s… Uh… A little tight…” Vegeta responded, trying to keep any concern off his face, trying not to let his eyes wander towards the door to the restroom. His gaze flicked there anyway— Just for a second!

Bulma noticed. “You’ll get used to it,” she said. “I’ll… Go wait in the other room while you finish getting ready.”

Even though she was being vague about it, they both knew she was basically TELLING Vegeta to release his bladder now, that she knew it was getting uncomfortably full…

Still, Vegeta tried his best to persuade her that he had no intention— or NEED— to urinate. “Yes, I still have to… Uh… Find… Some… Gloves that match!”

Bulma fought not to roll her eyes. It was a losing battle. “Yes, Vegeta. You’ve made it very clear how much you care about such things.”

She left the bedroom. Vegeta went into the restroom. He shut the door. His hand hesitated over the lock before he decided to leave it alone this time. No one was going to come in, he didn’t need it. He was okay without it. Just had to breathe…

Also had to… Um… Wait… Er… How exactly did he get the belt back apart again…? Did he pull it THIS way… No, that wasn’t working, it was getting tighter, pressing on his bladder more. That, combined with the toilet right in front of him, got him squirming. ‘Dammit, stop being stupid!’ He thought. ‘Fidgeting around like a moron… Just take off the belt!’

It wasn’t the first time he’d worn a belt. When he and Kakarot had swapped bodies, Kakarot’s belt had been EASY to deal with, he just had to untie the knot. The one he’d had to wear at his wedding just had a little buckle that he had to lift apart. This one was different from both of those. He couldn’t figure out what to do with it at all. He yanked at the buckle, gently at first so that he didn’t destroy it, and then a little harder. He noticed some material starting to tear and made himself stop, but the belt still wasn’t coming apart.

What? How was a human supposed to take this thing off if VEGETA couldn’t do it when he was yanking hard enough to damage it?!

Fuck… What did he do now? The first option was to go out, tell Bulma that he couldn’t make sense of this prison-device she’d put on him and ask her to remove it— Which would be extremely embarrassing. The second option was to yank on it AGAIN, but this time with a lot MORE of his strength so that he really DID tear it apart— Which would make Bulma mad, and ALSO be really embarrassing.

The third option was to just hold it through dinner. If all went well, Bulma would be taking ALL of his irritating clothing off of him when they got home anyway… At which point he could make the excuse that he just wanted to wash off a little first, and relieve himself THEN.

It would be uncomfortable… He might get a little ‘fidgety’ while in a public place… But, how long could dinner REALLY take? An hour? Two, at most? He could hold it for two hours, that was easy. He’d be at a table, it wouldn’t be difficult to hide his bouncing knees, should it come to that…

He’d be fine— This looked like the LEAST embarrassing choice available to him. Just a couple hours of mild desperation, his bladder had suffered far worse fates before.

Confident, he left the restroom and ordered himself to ignore the way his bladder buzzed tensely as he walked away from an available, PRIVATE toilet without giving it relief.

He met Bulma in the hall. “Ready?” She asked.

“Of course, I’m starving,” Vegeta said. His stomach felt REALLY empty, in stark contrast to the growing fullness of his bladder. He was actually kind of grateful to the hunger, it was far more prominent than his need to pee, way more aggressive.

“Okay, let’s go,” Bulma said.

Vegeta was forced to ride with her in the car again. He didn’t complain TOO much about it, though. It was their anniversary, of course they should travel together. And, since she STILL refused to learn how to fly, this was what had to be done. Still, Vegeta started to snap at several of the other cars out on the road. He’d bite his lip and try to settle down each time Bulma shot him a look.

“Well, they’re driving like utter clowns!” Vegeta said in defense. “None of these people know how to operate a vehicle correctly.”

“They must,” Bulma said. “I’m sure they were able to get licenses…”

“KAKAROT has a license, which CLEARLY means they give them out too easily,” Vegeta said.

“… And YOU don’t have one…” Bulma said softly.

Vegeta shut his eyes and grimaced. His expression twisted more when they went over a bump, his bladder spasming sharply at the unexpected bounce. “That’s… That’s because I have no desire to partake in such an infuriating activity.” He tensed his thighs. “How far away are we from this place?”

“Not that far,” Bulma assured. “Think you can manage NOT to kill anyone for another forty-five minutes?”

Forty-five… Vegeta mentally added that to the amount of time he estimated he was going to have to wait. Two hours for dinner, probably. Forty-five minute drive there and back… He was going to be a little more… antsy by the time they got home than he’d thought, but his situation wouldn’t become critical…

“Well?” Bulma prompted.

“Uh, yes!” Vegeta said. “I suppose I’ll allow the morons to live one more day.”

Vegeta tried not to pay attention to his bladder for the rest of the drive. He recognized that, with the drive being far longer than he’d thought it would be, he was now a little more worried. And, he knew that worrying about his bladder had the absolutely MADDENING effect of making it fill faster than it usually would. He knew these things. He knew he should absolutely NOT think about needing to pee. He should NOT acknowledge that the annoying little pinches gripping the walls of his bladder were starting to get more frequent, more intense.

He did anyway. The belt— the REASON he was in this situation to begin with— was digging firmly into his lower abdomen. His battle armor never squeezed like this. It did the opposite— It was MADE to stretch to an extreme degree. It had been specifically crafted to accommodate a Saiyan’s transformation into a great ape, adjusting to make room for a swollen bladder was NOTHING in comparison.

The belt didn’t do that. It didn’t loosen in response to the changes in Vegeta’s body, it just started to feel tighter and more confining than ever. He reached down and tried messing with the buckle again, to see if he could at least manage to LOOSEN it even if getting it OFF was still out of the question.

He couldn’t do that, either. And he gave up quickly, so Bulma wouldn’t notice what he was doing.

He rarely admitted such things, but he may have made a mistake when he decided that THIS was his LEAST humiliating option. He had neglected to consider the possibility of Bulma noticing that he was still full. He could hear it now— “Vegeta, what are you doing with your— Oh, don’t tell me… You couldn’t get it off earlier? Do you STILL need to pee? You should have just said something like a normal person, you’re SUCH a goofball…” Then, she’d groan. “Okay, I guess we need to go BACK home for a minute before you explode…”

He couldn’t allow her to notice.

He kept his hands away from his belt, at one point needing to sit on top of them when the desire to tug at it became too strong. He reminded himself that it would do no good to mess with the thing anyway, the only way he’d get it to budge would be if he allowed himself to destroy it.

Once they arrived at the restaurant, Vegeta was REALLY regretting everything that had led him up to this point. He should have swallowed his pride for ONE measly, little minute and asked Bulma to help get his belt off. But, even as he acknowledged that that WOULD have been a better decision, he felt sick as he imagined himself doing it. How pathetic would that look? ‘Woman! I can’t manage these confounding human clothes!’

She would have laughed… And she was GOING to laugh if he managed to whisper anything to her about it now. Not that he would. What good would that even do for him? She’d sigh, roll her eyes, ask why the Hell he’d waited until they were AT the restaurant before he finally SAID something.

He’d stay quiet, and he’d pretend that he didn’t need to pee…

He stood up out of the car and— Oh, fuck he really, really needed to pee! He’d sat in one place for too long, with his thighs and legs tense as steel, his bladder barely being nudged, his opening partially closed off… Now, he’d sloshed up the contents of his bladder, and parting his thighs had removed much needed support. He almost doubled over, but caught himself just in time. He bounced a couple times on his toes and, just to avoid scrutiny, he complained; “That drive was ENTIRELY too long! My feet are asleep!”

Bulma groaned, “You could TRY to have a nice evening, you know?”

Right… Right… This was his anniversary. He’d promised to do whatever Bulma wanted. She wanted a romantic dinner, she was going to GET a romantic dinner. Vegeta HAD to stop complaining about stuff— Even though his bladder was sending his usually hostile and irritable nature into overdrive right now, making him want to complain about EVERYTHING.

He ran his fingers over the belt buckle again, uselessly. If he could just get it to stop SQUISHING his bladder so damn much—

“I guess this is what happens when a Saiyan has to skip a meal though, huh?” Bulma decided. “You’re just really hungry, right?”

His hunger had taken a backseat to his painfully engorged bladder, but now that he’d been reminded of it, it came back full force. “Y—Yeah. I need to eat.”

“Let’s go, then.”

Inside the restaurant, it was really crowded. Vegeta was hit by tons and tons of unfamiliar chi signals all at once. All of their power-levels were super low, but the constant awareness, the tingling in his veins in response to so many chis, never failed to make him feel overstimulated. He had no idea how Kakarot could stand being in large crowds, surely Kakarot felt the constant pings too.

Being around so many people when his bladder was aching so much did nothing to make Vegeta feel less irritable. He stood up straight and pushed his legs together as Bulma gave their names and said they’d had a reservation. He felt like all eyes were on him, and that everybody here had XRAY vision, enabling them to see past his skin and get a good look at all the liquid flooding his bladder. Like, it didn’t matter how still he kept himself, everyone knew that he was getting desperate anyway. Trying to hide it was futile.

At the table, Vegeta turned away when their waiter poured them glasses of water. The sight of it streaming out of the pitcher was way too much and it forced his ankles to cross. Even when he’d stopped watching, his ears picked up on the sound of each and every drop. The other sounds of the restaurant failed to swallow it up, that maddening splish-splash noise was the only one that existed to Vegeta.

At last, it stopped, but he still couldn’t move his ankles apart. They were concealed by the tablecloth, yet his face burned with embarrassment anyway.

Bulma reached into the table’s bread basket and gave him a roll. “Here,” she said. “Eat up so you can finally stop glaring at everything.”

Vegeta took the bread and stuffed it into his mouth, eager for SOMETHING to distract his body with. The bread tasted way better than bread ever should— His ravenous hunger heightening the flavor. Finally, some food… He swallowed the whole roll quickly and grabbed another.

He expected Bulma to start scolding him when he began shoveling bread into his mouth, but instead she just laughed. “You Saiyans and your appetites…” she said. “Save me at least ONE piece, okay?”

Vegeta forced himself to stop when there was just one roll left. “R—Right,” he said. He felt a little better then, one of his discomforts was at least partially abated. He was still really hungry, but having a tiny bit of food in his belly was way better than having nothing at all.

“I promise, you’ll like the rest of dinner just as much,” Bulma assured him, taking small bites of the last remaining bit of bread. “I’ll warn you, everything here takes a while to make— But it’s worth the wait.”

Vegeta stiffened. “Uhhh… When you say a ‘while’—“

“Oh, don’t worry, they’ll bring more bread to tide you over.”

Did she have to say ‘tide’? Vegeta didn’t want to think about tides right now! Or long waits! Or— “H—How long, would you say?”

“Well, it depends on what you—“

“What’s the fastest thing, do you think?”

“Uhhh, I wouldn’t know for sure,” Bulma said. She smiled. “What did you expect? This is a world famous, upscale place, not fast-food.”

“Y—Yeah,” Vegeta said.

Bulma grinned more. “Ohhh, I know why you’re in a rush…”

Vegeta tensed up even more. HOW?! He was barely moving! Yeah, his legs were crossed, but no one could SEE, right?

Bulma giggled, “Don’t you worry, we’re still going to have PLENTY of time together tonight— And the waiting will make it more fun!”

Vegeta blushed crimson. Yes, he WAS seriously looking forward to that, but— “W—Woman, people are going to hear…”

“Aw, don’t be such a prude, Vegeta!” Bulma teased. “If they hear, they’re just gonna be jealous of you… You know how many guys here would KILL to take your place?”

Vegeta kept blushing, flustered. His ankles rubbed together a little more, and he wished that he was able to better ENJOY this little stroke to his ego. His bladder was being so distracting!

And the belt, oh FUCK, the stupid belt. It was definitely getting tighter. It reminded him of when he’d had his tail— He usually kept his tail around his waist, but if he needed to pee, it absolutely could NOT stay there. He’d go tense and inadvertently pull his tail tighter, strangling his bladder. He’d NEED to unwrap his tail, let it move freely, get that awful pressure AWAY from him.

If only removing the belt was as easy as uncoiling his tail! If only he could do it in one quick flick!

His hands went to the belt one more time and he inched closer to the table, trying to shield his lap from view. If he could just please, PLEASE loosen this thing without needing to tear it to shreds… It would be so EASY to destroy it, though. It DESERVED to be destroyed for all the trouble it was causing him. It would be like ripping apart tissue paper, no effort, and his bladder would have ROOM! He’d have a tiny, little taste of relief!

And Bulma would notice. She’d hear it coming apart, she’d see the torn belt when they left, or… Something. She’d notice, and she’d scold him. She’d ask why he’d done it, he’d have to admit it, right here in public…

But, the belt was CRUSHING his bladder! He was so, SO used to his clothes being pretty much IDEAL for a full bladder. He was SO used to the material allowing his bladder to expand all it wanted WITHOUT squeezing it and pushing on it! Being faced with the exact opposite was so miserable! He’d never had to feel like his outfit was punishing him, teaming up with his bladder to put him through as much Hell as possible.

He couldn’t TAKE it anymore… He was sweating like he’d just been training, his legs were crossing like crazy beneath the table, his hands were uselessly prying at the belt as he struggled to control his strength enough that he didn’t damage it…

The belt needed to die.

It needed to die in a way that Bulma wouldn’t NOTICE. He had to destroy it, but he couldn’t do it here. He couldn’t let her hear it rip, or see its corpse after he finally liberated himself from its torturous vice.

Where to—

The only place he could spot to do this was the restroom…

A public restroom, with a line… Could he even go IN there without coming apart? What about that time when Kakarot had tried to make him enter one, and he’d almost— Almost lost his breath?

But, there was the OTHER time, at the tournament… Where he’d entered one and HADN’T started hyperventilating. Better yet, he’d actually PEED in it, he’d gotten relief! He was under no illusion that he’d be able to urinate in the one here, with the line and the amount of people around, it was impossible.

But, he could at least go in a stall and murder the stupid belt. That would make him feel a LOT better…

Before he could talk himself out of it, Vegeta stood up, “I— Uh— H—Have to— Um— Bye!”

Bulma stared at him, then winked, “Uh oh, did I get you all worked up?”

“Th—That’s— I—“ Vegeta couldn’t stop blushing. “B—Be right back!” He walked as casually as he could to the restrooms at the back of the building. Even though he knew he wouldn’t be able to pee here— Even though he’d only ever successfully urinated in a public restroom ONCE and that had been under very specific circumstances— his bladder wailed as he got closer.

He stood at the back of the line and tried to stay still. His feet were dying to bounce… He was dying to piss…

Maybe, if he got in there and he was able to breathe okay, he’d… Try. He’d at least TRY. It probably wouldn’t work, but he’d give his stupid, disobedient, bastard of a bladder a CHANCE to do what it was SUPPOSED to do. Just this once. Since he was already gonna be in there…

Maybe if he punched himself in the bladder, over and over, he would be able to go. Yes, he’d do that! He’d stand in front of the toilet and hit his bladder until he either passed out or pissed. He’d managed to use his fists to make himself pee his pants a little bit to cheer Trunks up before, he could achieve something similar now. Punching ALWAYS fixed Vegeta’s problems! Any time it DIDN’T, that just meant he hadn’t punched hard enough!

He had to be extra still until he got in there, though. If he fidgeted and squirmed somewhere else, anyone who saw would be able to think of TONS of different reasons he might be wriggling. Maybe he was itchy in his suit, or he was cold, or maybe he just felt sick. But, there was only ONE reason he’d be writhing like that while in line for a bathroom, and like Hell was anybody gonna see him do that!

But, his body wanted to move… His legs wanted to tie into knots, his hands wanted to squeeze around his cock, his feet wanted to bounce… He closed his eyes, trying to keep himself upright, his spine straight, his legs apart, like a person who wasn’t about to completely explode if they didn’t get to a toilet NOW. He tried to sort of meditate, the way he sometimes managed to do when he was focusing on chi-control. He tried to mentally leave his body and all of its awful, awful discomforts, but the throbs within him wouldn’t let him go.

His stomach hurt as the line barely budged. It was doing cartwheels, flipping non-stop and leaving him nauseated. His shoulders and chest buzzed, flashing hot and cold. He wanted the line to move FASTER so he could destroy the belt, he wanted it to move SLOWER to stave off the inevitable torment that would come with him trying to urinate.

He just wanted to go home… That was what he really, truly wanted. He wanted Kakarot to appear spontaneously beside him, say something stupid like “Oh, Vegeta, you gotta get home RIGHT now, don’t you? Don’t worry, I’ve got it!” and teleport him away. He wanted to learn Instant Transmission himself so that he could get out of these situations even when Kakarot wasn’t around!

Without intending to, without realizing it, his legs had started to cross, his toes had begun to bounce. He was leaning against the wall, his posture hunched and strained. He might not have noticed it, but people near him DID. The man directly ahead of him in line was staring, and it took Vegeta several seconds to register that, horror blooming in his gut and making him feel even more sickened than before. He seriously thought he was going to throw up.

And then, the guy spoke to him. This complete stranger, this puny, insignificant little human, spoke to him with so much blasted SYMPATHY and PITY that Vegeta swore he almost DID vomit.

“Looks like you need to go WAY worse than I do, do you want to cut?”

Vegeta couldn’t respond. It was like he’d spontaneously lost the ability to speak, his vocal cords vaporized into nothingness by the sheer power of his embarrassment. How had he let this happen?! How had he come to a point where his need was THIS blatant out in public, where anyone could bear witness to it? This was a disgrace. HE was a disgrace. He was weak, he had no self-control, some random human felt SORRY for him and thought he lacked the strength to hold his bladder for however long was necessary.

The man stepped aside and Vegeta numbly moved forward because he still couldn’t remember how to talk. He tried to remember if he’d ever been so mortified that he totally lost his voice before. He didn’t think he had. Extreme emotion had pretty much always caused him to YELL, not go mute.

His face hurt, he knew he was blushing harder than he ever had in his life. His cheeks burned, and his jaw was taut, and he JUST wanted to go home…

Minutes later, when he was actually IN the restroom, it was even worse. This was like all the times he’d been made to accompany little Trunks to the bathroom, forced to listen to others pissing as he held it and held it and held it. Only this time was all the more terrible due to the intensity of his need. He tensed his thighs, pinching his opening shut between them, shuddering like crazy.

A couple of the urinals opened up. ‘How do you people live like this?!’ He thought, frustrated. ‘Don’t you see how demeaning and dehumanizing it is to… to have to stand next to your… your peers while relieving yourself?! Humans are such strange creatures. How is it possible to just stand next to a stranger and… And…’

A stall opened and Vegeta went into it. He could barely get the lock into place. It felt to him like it was made of feathers, and it was going to turn to dust in his hands if he just gripped it too hard. ‘It— It will keep a human weakling out, that’s all that matters!’

His hands went to the belt again, and this time he didn’t hold back at all, he tore it apart in less than a second, and— Ohhhhh, relief! Sweet, sweet relief… That felt so, so much better! His swollen bladder had SPACE now, it wasn’t being crushed and jabbed and strangled within an inch of its life. He was stunned that just removing the belt could make him feel this good…

All too quickly, the relief faded, and his intense, surging need returned at full force. The pants weren’t comfortable either. The waist-band on them was too tight, the buttons were cutting into him— He wanted to have his fucking armor on! He’d never take its stretching ability for granted again!

He fumbled the buttons apart, and again felt a short wave of relief as some pressure faded. His heart started to thunder, he could hear it beating in his ears, so loud it momentarily deafened him, blotting out all the other sounds in the room. The temperature around his ribs was dropping at a frightening rate.

He pulled down his zipper and shakily aimed. He at least needed to try… All those humans he’d had to wait in line with, THEY’D been rewarded for their patience by being able to empty their bladders. He deserved the same! It wasn’t fair that all those weaklings were permitted to enjoy the bliss of relief and HE wasn’t. He had to do this! He needed all this liquid OUT!

But, he was shuddering. The intensity of his heart-beat had died off, and he could hear things outside his own body again. He could hear people walking around, could hear them at the sinks, could hear toilets flushing. He could hear them pissing— could hear them EASILY doing the one thing that he couldn’t…

And, he could sense their chi, too. His body was FORCING him to be constantly aware of exactly how many people were near him, how many were going to hear if he SOMEHOW managed to make himself start spraying.

‘Come ON,’ he thought. ‘Just void, dammit!’ Why did this have to be so complicated?! Why did this have to be such a huge ordeal?! Literally EVERYONE ELSE in the whole entire universe could do this except for him! He was the ONLY one that needed to be put through Hell over something so damn simple!

Alright, he’d given his bladder enough of a chance to do this the easy way! Shutting his eyes, mentally trying to brace himself, he slammed a fist into his lower abdomen. Bright hot, boiling agony made his eyes fly open again, made him stumble back and hit the stall door. Nausea flooded him and he thought for a second that all the bread he’d just eaten was going to come back up. His back screeched and an intense, blazing rush of acid scorched it to a crisp. “Hnnnnghhh…” he whimpered.

And, he didn’t piss.

Not a drop.

He gnashed his teeth together, fighting against the urge to yell out his frustration and pain.

Now that he knew how bad it hurt, he was reluctant to punch himself again. But, after a few seconds, he did it anyway. It all happened again, mind-breaking levels of pain erupting all throughout him, and every last bit of his pee remaining locked away.

Ugh… Could this get any worse?!

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

DAMMIT! It could! It could get worse! It could always, ALWAYS fucking get worse! Someone was knocking on the door. Someone was RIGHT outside, so they would easily be able to hear Vegeta pee. And they COULD easily hear that Vegeta was NOT peeing.

He punched his middle again, feeling a bruise forming by now as tears burned at the backs of his eyes. Again, he was alight with agony. Again, his stream failed to materialize. Maybe he should just fucking chi-blast his bladder. He’d never TRIED aiming the Galick Gun at himself and wasn’t sure if his hands could actually BEND that way, but—

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

“It’s occupied, genius!” Vegeta snapped. His chi was blazing, pinging through his body as heat surged into every crevice he had. He was about to turn into a Super Saiyan, he could feel it starting. He didn’t care. He just hoped that transforming wouldn’t destroy the door he was hiding behind.

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

Vegeta was actually sparking now, his rage-fueled energy spurting out of him the way he wished to FUCK that his piss finally would. He was squirming his feet again, and he noticed he was now leaving burnt marks on the floor.

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

“STOP KNOCKING!” Vegeta shouted, VERY loudly. Much more loudly than he’d intended to. He was sure everyone in this entire building had heard it, and anyone who knew the source was now wondering why he was THIS angry about something so small, and—

“Come on!” Slurred a voice from the other side of the door.

Just great. The man was clearly intoxicated. Vegeta did not think that alcohol and humans mixed well together, it made them even MORE annoying than they were normally! He couldn’t deal with this now… “Fuck off!”

More sparks, he wondered if THAT was visible to the man at all, the way Vegeta was so damn angry now that his energy was flaring off of him.

“What’s wrong with you, man?!” The guy yelled, knocking again. “Just piss already!”

Vegeta hated this man. He was now being added to a list that, up until now, had only contained Frieza and a guy at the mall who’d gotten a little TOO eager to take Bulma’s measurements; The people Vegeta hated SO much that he wanted to not only KILL them, but resurrect them with the dragon balls just so that he could do it TWICE.

Sparking even more now, Vegeta yelled “I CAN’T WHEN PEOPLE ARE KNOCKING ON THE DOOR ALL THE DAMNED TIME!”

“If y’ can’t piss, then jus’ get out!”

Vegeta exploded, just not in the way he wanted to. He felt the familiar surge of chi, felt it moving up and out and all over him, he had transformed. This drunken fool had successfully annoyed and embarrassed him SO much that he’d turned into a Super Saiyan without even meaning to.

“FINE! I CAN’T TAKE IT ANYMORE!” Vegeta hurled open the stall door with so much force that he broke it off its hinges, and stormed out of the room. He didn’t allow himself to look at his tormentor, wary of what he’d DO to the guy if he had enough opportunity. SOMETHING needed to get blown up NOW.

Once the initial adrenaline from his transformation faded and Vegeta was more aware of himself again, he realized that something really WAS about to blow up; His bladder was on fucking FIRE, his back hurt so much it was like the entire lower half of his spine was broken. HE was going to blow up, there was too much pressure, too much heat, too much— Just— Just TOO MUCH!

He couldn’t go back to Bulma, he couldn’t eat dinner and pretend everything was just fine, he couldn’t even just CONFESS to her “Bulma, I can’t hold it another second! It hurts so bad!” because there was NO way he could get home in time from here. He also couldn’t get himself to change BACK into his normal form, the lingering anger at that obnoxious person, mixed with the PANIC flooding his veins assured that he couldn’t settle his chi down.

He had to… Had to… Just… Find privacy— ANYWHERE. He rushed out the back exit of the restaurant, grateful at least for the speed boost his Super Saiyan form gave him. It even let him move faster when he couldn’t bend his knees properly!

Outside, he was in an alley between the restaurant and some other building. There was… There was a dumpster. Revolting, Saiyan noses were so sensitive, and—

Ohhh, but no one would see him back there, right? No one would even think to LOOK, right?! Just— Just had to… Run behind it. Just… needed to… Undo all the buttons on this stupid suit, which he’d IDIOTICALLY refastened when he’d stormed out of the stall earlier. Had to— Had to get them all to come— apart— Come on… Just— Just a few more— Hold it, hold it— Just a few—

FINALLY!

He aimed again, this time at the wall behind the dumpster. ‘Please… Please… Please…’ he thought. ‘Can’t… Can’t take it anymore…’

Nothing happened.

He wanted to destroy the next thing he saw. He didn’t care what it was. He just needed to make SOMETHING die.

“C—Come on…” he muttered. “Y—You can do this…” He barely realized that he’d begun to speak out loud. “You can do this… J—Just… Just let it… Y—You’re stronger than… Than…”

A thin, dribbly spattering of urine started to plink between his shoes, and he released the air from his lungs. It hurt, it burned, it pinched his opening on the way out, but he just pushed through it. He HAD to get it out, if he locked up again, he was going to lose it even more than he already had.

At last, he seemed to just burst, the wall now being sprayed with an intense jet of liquid that left him breathless and wobbling at the knees. He changed back into his normal form as his energy at last settled down. So… So… Pathetic… Pissing behind a dumpster in an alleyway, and feeling so fucking THANKFUL to be doing it…

It felt good.

For hours, he had wanted nothing more than for his bladder to empty, and now it was finally happening. He was finally pissing for all he was worth, finally releasing the burden that had tortured him so severely.

It felt SO good.

It kept pouring out of him for minutes, completely soaking the wall and leaving a lake on the ground.

“There you— Oh. Ohhhhh….”

Bulma’s voice.

Why.

How many times was the universe going to punish him for the person he used to be?

He spun his head around, seeing her standing there, staring… Staring as he gushed a torrent against the wall. He expected his muscles to seize up and bring his release to an early end— He WANTED that to happen, but to his surprise and dismay, it didn’t. He couldn’t stop. Even as Bulma watched him, saw the thick, urgent stream flow, saw his chest rising and falling, saw the relief that was likely still visible of his face, he just couldn’t stop peeing.

His mouth opened and closed a few times, failing to form words. Even a bark of ‘TURN AROUND! DON’T LOOK AT ME!’ was unable to materialize.

Bulma knew that was what he WANTED though, because she did turn. And, as much as it bothered him that she could still hear it, he tried to just relax and enjoy the feeling of the rest of his pee flooding out. He still had so much in him… Even when he finally thought he was done, he’d push and let out a few more trickling spurts.

Once he was sure he was finally empty, he just stood there, until his revulsion at the smell from the dumpster became too much and he was forced to step out from behind it.

Bulma turned. “Vege—“

“Not. One. Word,” Vegeta growled.

“It’s okay… I’m not judging you, I’m not mad at you, I’m—“

“Silence!” Vegeta was shaking. He didn’t think he’d ever be able to stop blushing.

Bulma came to his side. She took his hand.

“H—How can you… How can you even stand to TOUCH me right now?” Vegeta gritted out.

“Why wouldn’t I?” Bulma asked. “I’ve seen you pee before… It isn’t a big deal…”

It WAS a big deal! Vegeta had just pissed behind a disgusting dumpster because he was incapable of using the bathroom like a normal person!

“I’m sorry,” Bulma said. “You were gone for so long, I didn’t know where you went… Come on, let’s go finish dinner.”

“You can’t be serious…”

“You’re still hungry, Vegeta,” Bulma said. “You need to eat.”

Vegeta just wanted to go home and sleep for a thousand years.

“What happened tonight?” Bulma asked. “Why did you—“

“N—No reason!”

“Right. YOU decided to pee in an alleyway for ‘no reason’. Got it. Yeah. That makes perfect sense.”

“Ugh…” Vegeta groaned. “It’s the stupid belt’s fault. Not mine.”

Bulma looked down at his waist, seeing that the belt was no longer there. “What did you—“

“I couldn’t get it off before we left— Not without just obliterating it, anyway. So—“

“Vegeta, I TOLD you how it works, didn’t you listen?”

“Uh… Well, uh, it was getting too tight, so I had to go to the restroom and tear it off—“

“Vegeta! Why didn’t you just ASK m—“

“A—And, while I was there, I decided to… To TRY and… And… You know… But, I… I… Just… I—“

“Wait,” Bulma said, all frustration gone now. “You tried? You TRIED to pee in a crowded public bathroom? You REALLY tried?”

“Yes, but—“

Bulma smiled, “I’m so proud of you!”

“What the Hell?! But, I didn’t even—“

“But, you TRIED,” Bulma said. “That must have been SO challenging, I’m really impressed!”

“St—Stop it…” Vegeta blushed. Oh, WHY did this have to make him feel good? He’d FAILED to do it, there was nothing to be proud of!

“Oh, just let me be proud of you,” Bulma said. “You did a good job.”

Vegeta groaned. He folded his arms and looked away.

“Next time, if you can’t figure out human-clothes, could you just say so?” Bulma asked. “I could have helped you at ANY point tonight, and then you wouldn’t have needed to go through all this.”

“‘At ANY point’?” Vegeta repeated. “You couldn’t have— Even AFTER I got the belt off, I still—“

Bulma looked around nervously, checking to make sure they were still alone. “I was going to wait until after dinner to give you your anniversary present,” she said. “But I guess I can do it now.”

“N—Now?!” Vegeta blushed. “In public?!”

Bulma laughed. “I didn’t mean THAT, Vegeta…” She took out her capsule case and rummaged through it. “Now, I don’t want you becoming TOO dependent on this, so I’m ONLY ever going to let you use this thing AFTER you’ve tried other options first…”

“What are you talking about?”

Bulma selected one of the capsules and showed it to him. She fretted a little over how to explain it to him— She knew for a fact that he was going to appreciate it a LOT, but there was zero chance that it wouldn’t also embarrass him to know that she’d gone to so much trouble over this.

“I developed this one for you,” Bulma said. “Inside of it is a private restroom with a very strong lock, and—“

Vegeta was blushing again. “You— THAT’S what you’ve been working on lately?!” His jaw was tense, but she could tell he wasn’t angry. The way his eyes latched onto the capsule was enough to indicate how much he truly wanted it, deep down.

“Yes,” Bulma nodded. When Vegeta started reaching for it, she pulled it away. “And, the majority of the time, I’M going to be hanging onto it—“

“For what reason?!”

“Like I said before, I don’t want you becoming dependent on it,” she explained. “If we’re out together, and you want it, you are going to have to ASK me for it.”

Vegeta was reddening even more, just the idea of having to do that was making him tetchy.

“AND,” Bulma continued. “I won’t be giving it to you until AFTER you’ve tried using the facilities wherever we are.”

Vegeta frowned. That capsule would be SUCH a great help to him— It would make evenings like THIS one so much easier! But… Needing to tell Bulma that he was desperate… Being forced to try urinating in a public restroom, and THEN inform her of his lack of success before he was able to obtain the capsule… Why did she need to overcomplicate it like that?! Why couldn’t he just HAVE it?

“And, you tried using a public toilet tonight,” Bulma reminded. “So, it shouldn’t be THAT hard to do it again, right?”

“I guess, but—“

“So, I’ll hang on to the capsule for you,” Bulma said firmly. “You like it, don’t you? No more flying home in the middle of our dates, right?”

Vegeta flinched a little. From the sounds of it, she wasn’t going to allow him to fly off like that when it was just the two of them anymore. Which meant that, from now on, if he got desperate during one of their outings, he was going to HAVE to go through the whole, embarrassing process of getting that capsule.

He didn’t know HOW to feel about it. If she’d just let him KEEP it, then he’d think that capsule was the greatest invention she had ever made. But, with those stupid rules in place, was it going to be a blessing or a curse?

*004*2024-11-19 00:30

Written for the Omovember prompt “Didn’t you go half an hour ago?”

***

Vegeta was not close to his brother, by any means. Apart from them both being aware that the other existed, they’d never interacted much. That was just the way it was. Tarble had been sent off to some distant planet because his recorded power level was embarrassingly low for a Saiyan of royal blood, and his ability didn’t improve quickly enough, either. Tarble had only been two at the time, and Vegeta had been four.

That turned out to be for the best anyway, it at least meant Tarble was spared when their planet was blown up. Vegeta was ASKED about Tarble after he was informed of his planet’s destruction, and at the time he’d shrugged it off. It didn’t matter if Tarble was alive or dead, Frieza had made it clear to Vegeta that his brother was useless, so that meant they’d never see each other again anyway. It was better if Vegeta just didn’t care about it.

He never even bothered mentioning Tarble.

But, Tarble DID reappear one day, and he seemed to be doing alright. As an adult, he was even smaller than Vegeta, indicating that he must have had a difficult time finding food when he was first sent away. But, he was happy, he’d married one of the inhabitants of the planet he now lived on, and it sounded like he DID enjoy himself there. He must have, since he wanted Vegeta to help him defend the place. Vegeta agreed and, after the defeat of two former Frieza Force soldiers, Tarble went back home. Vegeta doubted he’d ever see him again.

That was fine. They didn’t have much in common— If anything. Tarble was so soft… Even Bulma agreed that they were basically opposites. “I’m shocked that he’s so polite, Vegeta. Are you SURE he’s YOUR brother?”

Tarble would surprise Vegeta with another visit again not too long after. When he heard the pod land back behind Capsule Corp and saw his brother there, Vegeta sighed. “What is it THIS time? You can’t always come running to me to solve your problems for you.”

“Yes, I know,” Tarble said with a nod. “That’s why I’m here; I need to learn how to fight so I can defend my planet myself.”

Vegeta folded his arms, “And you assumed I have nothing better to do?”

Tarble frowned, “If it’s too much trouble, I could ask your friend instead. What did you say his name was? Kakarot?”

Vegeta twitched. The worst part was he knew Tarble wasn’t even trying to bait him, yet he was succeeding greatly at doing EXACTLY that. “You don’t need that clown— You have me. But, I warn you, training with me is not going to be easy. You’re going to have to really want this, and if you quit, that’s going to be it.”

Tarble nodded, “Yes, brother,” he said. His tail was already flicking. It did that when he was anxious. He hoped Vegeta at least started him out slowly.

“Then, we have a deal,” Vegeta said, leading Tarble inside. He was about to take him straight to the gravity chamber, but when Bulma saw Tarble, she came over to greet him.

“Vegeta, you didn’t tell me your brother was visiting!” Bulma said.

“He didn’t tell ME,” Vegeta mumbled.

“I’m so sorry,” Tarble said. “I didn’t know any way to contact you ahead of time, I promise I would have.”

“It’s alright,” Bulma said. “Is your wife with you?”

“No, Gure stayed on our planet. I’m here so that Vegeta can teach me to fight.”

“Yes,” Vegeta said. “And, we were just about to do that. Come along now, Tarble.”

Bulma shook her head, “Vegeta, no. He just got here— And it’s early. You haven’t even had breakfast yet.”

“I’ll eat AFTER I—“

“No,” Bulma repeated. “You’ll eat NOW so that you aren’t a major grouch after you finish training. Besides, I’m sure Tarble is hungry too.”

“I could eat,” Tarble agreed. “If you have enough, I wouldn’t want to—“

“It’s fine,” Bulma promised. “Come on.”

As Vegeta and Tarble ate, Vegeta discussed their upcoming training regimen. “First, I’m going to need to get a feel for what you can already do,” he explained. “After that, it’s going to be all about breaking your limits— You and I are going to fight, and I will only hold back as much as I need to in order to avoid putting you in a body-cast. Are you still sure that you want to do this?”

Tarble swallowed his food. He hesitated. He’d seen what his brother could do. He didn’t think he’d be able to keep up… His tail swayed some more. He hoped Vegeta didn’t notice how anxious he was.

Vegeta continued, “I mean, our father DID send you away because you couldn’t—“

“Yes, I’m sure,” Tarble interrupted, speaking before he was totally certain if he meant it. Speaking just so that Vegeta wouldn’t be able to finish that sentence. Was Vegeta mad at him for cutting him off? “S—Sorry…”

“Alright,” Vegeta said. “Eat up, even for your first lesson today, you are going to need a lot of energy.”

At the mention, Tarble tried not to yawn. He hadn’t slept much on the way over here. He’d been… uncomfortable. And he hadn’t been able to MAKE himself more comfortable until he’d decided to make a short stop on Earth’s moon a little while before landing here— Not enough time to rest.

Bulma seemed to notice his drowsiness and pushed a mug full of some brown liquid in front of him. “Here,” she said. “Have some coffee.”

“Coffee…?” Tarble repeated, sniffing the mug curiously. “What is… I don’t think we have anything like this on my planet.”

“It’s a drink that gives you energy,” Bulma explained. “It tastes kind of bitter, but you can add sugar if you want— And don’t drink a whole lot, especially if you’ve never had it before.”

Tarble sipped the drink. It WAS really bitter and his face scrunched up. He covered his mouth so Bulma wouldn’t notice him grimacing, then reached for the sugar. After pouring some in, the coffee tasted much better. He also liked how warm it was, it felt good swallowing it down.

‘Not a lot,’ he reminded himself. Bulma had warned him not to overdo it, and Tarble… Tarble knew that too much liquid would cause problems for him— Problems he didn’t want his brother to know about. He knew how little Vegeta thought of him and his strength, if he found out Tarble had such an embarrassing weakness…

Before he knew it, Tarble had finished the mug. His belly felt warm, and the rest of him felt more alert, more capable of handling whatever Vegeta had in mind for him. Bulma filled the mug again.

Tarble paused. The mug was big… He’d already emptied it once, he really hadn’t intended to do so a second time. But, he didn’t want to be rude, he didn’t want to give the impression that he hadn’t enjoyed it. He continued drinking.

Vegeta started to eat more slowly. He was getting full and, deep down, a bit WARY about what he was about to do. What he’d said earlier about the body-cast hadn’t been a lie, he could seriously hurt Tarble if he wasn’t careful enough. He shouldn’t have cared, shouldn’t have been worried about it. But, this wasn’t like training with Trunks, whom he’d watched and helped hone his abilities from the second he was able to stand. Vegeta knew what Trunks could and couldn’t take, knew exactly how much to hold back to push Trunks without breaking him.

When Vegeta was four and found out Tarble had been sent away, Frieza, Father and some of Frieza’s top fighters had all sat him down and explained it to him. Frieza had done most of the talking, of course. Tarble was fragile, his power level was an absolute disgrace, he was slow, uncoordinated, and lacked the heart of a warrior. “Were he not the spawn of the king,” Frieza said, “I would have done away with him myself. Consider his banishment a mercy, and never speak of him again unless I tell you to.”

The rare times Vegeta thought of Tarble, the fact he was ‘fragile’ was the first thing that came to mind. It was the only thing he really knew about him, and the knowledge had made him feel all sorts of things. Superiority was a big one; Clearly ALL the good genes had gone to him, they hadn’t been divided up between him and his brother. Shame was another; If his brother was so useless, what did that mean about him?

He’d never felt… The cold, twitchy thing in his chest about it before. But, he did now. Tarble was fragile— easily broken. Vegeta didn’t want to be the thing that broke him. There would be no triumph in accomplishing something that was so easy, and Tarble hadn’t DONE anything to piss him off and warrant it.

One emotion that his brother had NEVER stirred in him was pride— That was the goal now. If Tarble got strong BECAUSE Vegeta had trained him…

“Vegeta,” Bulma said suddenly, and she nodded to the glass in front of him. “Drink your water.”

Vegeta froze, looking at the full glass. He’d been ignoring it, along with the clawing thirst in his throat. Why couldn’t Bulma do the same thing? He was about to go train with Tarble. Tarble didn’t know about his… Thing. And the best way to keep Tarble from finding out about his thing was to ensure that he just didn’t need to DEAL with his thing! What if the water went through him, and he needed to not only PAUSE the session for a break, but have Tarble ask him why he needed to go all the way to his bedroom to pee when there were several other bathrooms that were closer?

“Uh—“

“Vegeta,” Bulma said, more firm now. “If you’re going to work out, you need to hydrate. You KNOW this.

Vegeta’s eyes flicked to Tarble, and the curious expression on his face. Tarble was wondering why this was an argument, why this sounded like an argument they’d had a million times before… Vegeta picked up the water and started drinking, then tried to change the subject; “T—Tarble, uh, what have you been doing since we last saw each other?”

Tarble was surprised that he’d been asked, but was happy to give an answer. He talked about life on his home planet, about how he and Gure were having their anniversary soon, about the garden they’d planted together. It was all stuff that Tarble hadn’t thought Vegeta would be interested in, but he kept asking questions anyway between sips of water.

But… Eventually, Tarble started to get more quiet. There was more he wanted to say, but he was distracted. There was a somewhat urgent pressure in his bladder that hadn’t been there a few moments ago. A bit alarming, really. For lots of reasons. He didn’t usually fill up so fast, for one. And, he didn’t know how to properly ask for what he needed, either. What was the correct way to ask for a relief center on Earth? Were they even CALLED relief centers here, or did they have a different name?

He didn’t really WANT to mention it, anyway, he was blushing at the thought. It was an embarrassing thing, and impolite to discuss… Vegeta would likely groan about it, especially if he postponed their training so he could go.

And then there was… That… Thing… Oh, if he had to tell Vegeta about THAT… Vegeta would REALLY understand why Tarble had been deemed unworthy as a Saiyan, why he’d been cast out, why he was disappointing…

Vegeta finished his water and stood up. He eyed the empty glass for a second, then cleared his throat, “Well, Tarble… I’m going to… go prepare the gravity room. I have to mess with some of the controls, otherwise you won’t even be able to stand up in there. Just stay right here and don’t follow me, it would be dangerous for you.”

Tarble sank lower in his seat, his tail was flicking even more now. He had to pee, his brother saw him as weak… He wished there was some way he could impress him… That definitely wasn’t going to happen unless he managed to relieve himself somehow.

Once he was alone with Bulma, Tarble fidgeted his legs around beneath the table. He had to ask her… He didn’t have a choice. He didn’t even know what the thing he needed LOOKED like here on Earth, and this house was enormous. He would never find it by himself.

He stood up, and nervously went over to Bulma. “Bulma… Um…” Tarble chewed on his lip. He knew it was going to be easier to ask her when Vegeta wasn’t around, but it was still difficult to get the words out. “I… Uh… I’m sorry, but… I… Need…”

“What do you need?” Bulma asked.

“It’s embarrassing…” Tarble said. “I… Uh… Do you have a relief center?”

Bulma looked at him with confusion. “Um… A what?”

Great. So it WAS called something different here. He was sure Earthlings relieved themselves SOMEWHERE. He couldn’t picture his older brother willingly living on a planet that had nowhere for him to go. “I— Uh… I dunno what the Earth-word for it is… That’s what we call it where I live, and I can’t remember what they said on Planet Vegeta…”

“Just try describing it,” Bulma suggested.

Tarble blushed, trying to figure out how to do that without being disgusting. He shifted around, both from anxiety and from his building need for release. “It’s… Um… A place for me to…” All the words that sprung to mind seemed vulgar, so with his face blushing red, he tried to mime the act of urinating. “… Y—You know…”

Bulma burst out laughing, clutching at her sides. Tarble went even redder. He tried to look away from her mirth, but she was giggling so loudly that his attention was automatically drawn to her.

“Ohhh,” Bulma said, still snorting. “Okay, okay… The word is ‘bathroom’, and yes, I can show you where one is.”

Still blushing, Tarble managed a “Thank you… I appreciate it…” He had a familiar, cold, squeezy feeling inside him, and he hoped he would be able to banish it quickly once he got to the ‘bathroom’.

Bulma was about to take him down one hall, but then stopped. He heard her mumble, “Actually, Vegeta’s probably… Uh, this way!” She took him in the opposite direction.

Tarble hoped the walk wasn’t long… The tingling in his bladder was getting really bad, really fast. What was in ‘coffee’ anyway? Why did it seem to be filling him up way faster than anything he’d ever had to drink before?

Bulma was taking him to the lobby right at the front of the building. She pointed to a couple doors near the front desk. “Okay, here. Make sure you use the one with the BLUE mark on it, which reminds me… When you get back I can tell you a funny story about your big brother.”

Tarble was curious, but not so curious that he wanted to keep holding it. He sort of wanted to ask Bulma to stand further away from the door, but he didn’t know how to do that without sounding weird… Oh well, so long as it locked, he should be okay.

Tarble opened the door, stepped inside, and… Oh… That was… Different. He turned around, and now saw that the door didn’t actually lock… Did they not use locks on this planet? Why not? Locks were important! He really hoped he’d be able to forget about it…

He looked around the room some more. The sinks looked like they did on his planet… There were white bowl thingies on one of the walls. Was he supposed to pee in one of those? But… They were… just… there. Out in the open. And in direct view of the door— the door that didn’t lock. If someone walked in, they’d see him going…

He swayed uncomfortably, then turned to see a row of stalls. He walked into one and relaxed a bit when he saw that he could lock the door— It sure echoed when he shut it, though… The toilet looked similar enough to what he was used to. The major difference was that it was in this big room that someone could enter at any time… A room that seemed to amplify all sounds that took place inside it.

The cold feeling was worse, constricting bands of ice around his chest, some of them moving down to squeeze his bladder.

Okay, this was fine. So, peeing on Earth was different than what he was used to. More… ‘communal’, apparently. No one would be able to SEE him in the stall, so it should still be okay! Besides, he was still the only person here! No reason for that… thing to happen to him.

He unzipped his pants and aimed. With as urgently as his bladder had been pulsing, it should have started emptying right away, but that didn’t happen. That NEVER happened for Tarble, not since he was really, really little. Not since before he was banished and had learned that he was a useless excuse for a Saiyan that couldn’t do anything.

His body was so different from the other people that inhabited his planet. Anywhere else, he’d be considered tiny, but at home, he was the biggest. He was the only one who had a tail. His skin was pinker, and its texture was more rough.

When he first landed there as a child, the inhabitants wanted to ‘study’ him, this strange looking boy who couldn’t speak their language and dressed so unusually. Tarble had been so scared, he couldn’t understand what any of them said, he thought they were going to cut him open and try to figure out how he worked. Instead, they more just wanted to observe him and everything he did.

They were surprised he ate like they did, and slept for roughly the same amount of time. They were surprised that, apart from appearance, he wasn’t SO different from them. Soon, they were his friends, and they’d taught him how to speak their language, given him food and shelter. They’d taken care of him, and he wasn’t angry at them for being so fascinated by him. He’d thought they looked bizarre at first, too. He couldn’t blame them.

But, there were problems. He needed way more food than the tiny aliens did, so until he was old enough to grow it himself, he just wasn’t getting enough. And, even as a toddler, he was bigger than the adults there. Everything on that planet was sized for the species that inhabited it— Not for Saiyans. Everything Tarble used had to be custom made for him. His bed, his shower… Everything. He felt really bad, making them go to so much trouble just for him. He was worthless, he didn’t deserve it.

The relief centers on his home planet, where Tarble could pee… A lot of them weren’t actually usable for him. If he stood, it was difficult to aim into the small fixtures. If he sat, he had to be careful not to let his full weight rest on it. And, either way, his bladder was so much larger that he tended to… Tended to… Overflow… things…

Of course, they made larger fixtures for him. No one expected Tarble to just never pee, but by that point he was so ashamed by the whole thing that, in a weird way, HE sort of expected himself to just never pee. It caused too many problems! And, he was making them do SO much for him, just because he hadn’t been worthy enough to stay with the other Saiyans like he was supposed to.

He was scared that they secretly resented him for giving them so much work. He was always sure to express how grateful he was for all of it, he thanked them again and again until his voice went hoarse from how much he was talking. Yet, he felt like a burden on them.

And, this particular thing… The… Peeing thing. It was so embarrassing! Even as a kid, it made him feel really funny to think that, when folks saw him head to a restroom, they were remembering how they’d had to make special fixtures to accommodate him. It started to make him feel SO funny that he tried not to let anyone see him do it. If someone KNEW he was peeing, he had a hard time letting it out.

His stream was also LOUDER than everyone else’s. It… hissed more. And that embarrassed him too. He was scared they thought he was gross, and he thought about it all the time, and then he couldn’t go unless he was sure no one could hear.

It was actually EASY to handle this on his planet. He simply said “This is how Saiyans are. We can’t pee unless we’re completely alone and no one can hear.” He insisted it was a normal, natural thing for his species, and they all believed him. Why wouldn’t they? He was the only Saiyan there, they had no one to compare him to. He felt really bad about lying to them, though. HE knew that a normal Saiyan wouldn’t have such a problem.

Still, it meant he was always given complete and total privacy on his home planet, with no one thinking it was weird that he physically couldn’t pee otherwise. Everybody knew “Oh, Tarble just needs to be by himself sometimes, or else he gets all squirmy”, and everybody accepted it.

It was when he LEFT his home planet that there were problems. He did it rarely, but whenever he did, he had a hard time getting relief. The first time he’d visited Vegeta, he’d almost exploded on the way over, before Gure pointed out to him that Earth’s moon was completely uninhabited. He’d landed there as quickly as possible, then gushed for several minutes as Gure waited in the pod for him.

He’d had to rely on the moon AGAIN this time, unable to contain himself for that last little distance to Earth.

He was glad he’d done that now. It really looked like he wasn’t going to be able to pee on this planet. If all the toilets were like this one, and there was always going to be a risk of someone coming in and hearing him spray… He just couldn’t calm down enough!

Still, he tried to. The LAST thing he wanted was for his brother to find out about this and realize EXACTLY how disgraceful he really was. A normal Saiyan wouldn’t have this problem, and Vegeta was the most normal Saiyan there was! He was everything a Saiyan was SUPPOSED to be— The exact opposite of Tarble.

He couldn’t get anything out. Even though he really, really needed to. He was actually shuffling his feet, he was so eager for relief. His bladder throbbed and convulsed at the sight of the toilet, and he tried to take some steadying breaths in the hope that might get something in him to loosen up, but it did nothing.

Eventually, he realized he’d been in here for way too long. Bulma was probably wondering what his deal was, Vegeta had probably finished whatever ‘preparation’ he’d needed to do and was getting impatient. Not wanting to annoy his brother, Tarble gave up and put his clothes back together.

He left the restroom and thanked Bulma again, making no mention of the fact that he’d failed to use it. It would be rude— and embarrassing— to tell her that. Apparently, this was just how bathrooms worked on Earth. She would feel bad if she knew her planet’s customs were weird and uncomfortable for him.

They went back to the kitchen, where Vegeta was waiting, tapping his foot. “About time. Where the Hell were you two?”

“I just needed to show your brother where the bathroom is,” Bulma said. “His planet calls them ‘relief stations’, did you know that?”

Tarble blushed and shifted around. What he wouldn’t give to be in one of the oh-so-private relief stations back home right now…

“… Fascinating,” Vegeta said with exaggerated boredom. “Come on, Tarble. I’ve waited long enough.”

Minutes later, Tarble was in Vegeta’s ‘gravity chamber’. “There’s a machine in here that amplifies Earth’s gravity— But, don’t worry, I’m not going to turn it on until you know what you’re doing.”

Tarble nodded. He really, really, REALLY needed to pee, and his knees were grinding together. His tail was twisting itself in knots. Vegeta was going to notice…

Vegeta DID notice, “Oh, settle down,” he said. “You and I aren’t going to fight for your very first lesson, so you don’t have to be scared that I’ll punch you. Today is ALL about the basics.”

‘Brother, I need to go, help…’ Tarble thought, dredging up a very old, very vague memory from BEFORE he’d been sent away. One of the rare occasions where he and Vegeta had played together. Tarble had needed to pee badly, and Vegeta had helped him find somewhere to do it just in time. Vegeta had taken care of him, then… He hadn’t even gotten angry about it. ‘Okay, go HERE, Tarble. Hurry! If you have an accident, Frieza will… He’ll…’ He remembered Vegeta trailing off, almost kind of… shaking?

That didn’t matter. Vegeta wouldn’t take care of him now. Vegeta WOULD be angry this time. ‘What the Hell do you MEAN you couldn’t go before?! You had PLENTY of time! You’re pathetic. You’re always gonna be worthless. It would be a waste to teach you to fight.’

“Alright, first thing,” Vegeta said. “Your tail, why are you wagging it around like that?”

Tarble jumped, his tail stilled and stood on end. “Um, I—“

“Don’t EVER do that during a battle. You keep your tail wrapped around your waist, where it’s out of YOUR way and your opponent can’t grab it.”

“Right…” Tarble said, wrapping his tail like Vegeta had told him. It kind of… Made his bladder ache a bit more. He’d never thought of it before, but his bladder was in a pretty inconvenient spot… Now his tail was pushing on it and making it throb.

‘No big deal, no big deal…’ Tarble thought. ‘I can hold it.’

He could, couldn’t he?

Of course he could. He’d sprung leaks before, but never if someone was near him. His body wouldn’t let anything out unless he was by himself. And he’d NEVER had an accident, even when he was alone. So long as Vegeta was looking at him, he knew EVERYTHING would stay right where it belonged.

Tonight, once everyone had gone to bed, and the employees had gone home, Tarble thought he should be able to use the toilet here, too. He only had to hold it in until tonight. And then, tomorrow, he’d… Need to do that all over again. Again and again, for however many days he stayed here— Without Vegeta ever finding out.

That all sounded really, REALLY hard. However, he’d known from the start that training with his older brother would be difficult. This may have been an unexpected challenge, but he’d handle it if he had to.

His tail started to uncurl, instinctively wanting to release his bladder to give it more room. He forced it to stop and remain where it was.

“Good,” Vegeta said. “Never let it come loose while you’re fighting, you don’t want to make it easy for your opponent to immobilize you.” He glanced at Tarble’s legs, which were pressed tensely together. He was occasionally rising up on his toes nervously. “Now, you need to stand properly. You look frightened right now, not ready for battle.”

“Oh… Um… How am I supposed to stand?” Tarble asked.

“Copy me,” Vegeta said. He got himself into a fighting stance. His feet were far apart from one another, he was lowered slightly, one arm in front of himself, another held back.

Mmmf… Tarble needed to move his legs away from each other… And, they were doing such a good job pinching things shut the way they were now! As soon as he started to part them, his urgency was growing, his bladder losing some vital support.

He flinched as he mirrored Vegeta’s position. It put more of his own body weight down on top of his bladder, squeezing it and trying to tear it open. He shut his eyes and tried to breathe.

Vegeta noticed the discomfort on his brother’s face and furrowed his brow, “Tarble, how is THIS causing you pain? It’s not THAT hard.” He sighed. “Wait, I know what’s going on.”

Tarble flinched yet again. Vegeta knew?! How?! Tarble supposed his legs were kind of shaky, but that didn’t look so obvious to him! “Y—You do?”

“Yeah,” Vegeta said. “You were in your pod for too long getting here. And, I bet you didn’t stretch properly after you got out, did you?”

Tarble shook his head.

“You need to do that,” Vegeta told him. “Your legs will get too stiff otherwise.”

Tarble relaxed a little. His secret was safe. “Oh… I’m sorry, I didn’t know…”

“Of course you didn’t,” Vegeta said, and Tarble couldn’t tell if he was irritated or not. “Guess I have to teach THIS to you, too.” He demonstrated a few stretches for Tarble to copy, and Tarble had NO idea how he was supposed to bend like that without squeezing his bladder to death.

The motions didn’t require a ton of flexibility, luckily. His older brother was usually so tense himself that he probably couldn’t bend himself around TOO crazily. But, there was one stretch where Tarble had to get really low to the ground, one knee bent in front of himself while his other leg was stretched way out behind him, and…

And, when Tarble tried to do it, the only part of his body that felt like it was getting a workout was his bladder. It felt like his bladder was being MORE than stretched. It felt like each side of the thing was being pulled in opposite directions, so far that tears were forming down the middle of it. His eyes watered as he tried to hold the position like Vegeta wanted him to, but the ripping sensation in his middle hurt so, so, so much! He wanted to cry, to let the tears fall and just break down because he couldn’t take the pain!

That would… That would mean he was weak. Vegeta would be disappointed in him. Vegeta would understand why he’d needed to be sent away. Vegeta would never want anything to do with him ever again. A normal Saiyan would never sob. A normal Saiyan wouldn’t cry if they’d had an arm blown off, let alone just because they needed to pee really bad. A normal Saiyan—

Ah!

A normal Saiyan wouldn’t start dripping pee into their clothes! No no no no no! He was leaking! He was leaking with Vegeta right there— No!

Panicked, he dropped out of the position he’d been struggling to hold, and pushed a hand urgently against his crotch. He shuddered, ice blasting into his chest and making it hard to breathe. Vegeta was behind him, maybe Vegeta couldn’t see that he was grabbing himself, maybe—

“Didn’t you go half an hour ago?”

Tarble’s twitching worsened as the chills inside his ribcage decreased another few degrees. He couldn’t hide it anymore! He was being too obvious! And now, the best case scenario was that his older brother was just going to think he had a really tiny bladder— That would at least be better than him figuring out that Tarble couldn’t pee! There were already SO many things Tarble couldn’t do, things which Vegeta could manage with ease. There were SO many reasons for his brother to see him as weak and strange.

“Tarble,” Vegeta said. “Get up.”

Tarble made himself stand. He couldn’t stop gripping himself as he did so. Now that he’d started holding his crotch, he couldn’t let go. He doubted that his body would actually allow it to happen, but he was so terrified that he was going to completely pee his pants in front of Vegeta. Vegeta would REALLY think he was pathetic then!

Vegeta sighed in a way that made Tarble feel like he was being a burden. “Well, you’re NOT going to learn anything if you’re too busy holding your piss. Go.”

“Yes, thank you…” Tarble said politely, though he had no idea what he was actually supposed to do now. Maybe this time, since he needed to go SO bad, he’d be able to force it out? But, that had never been the case before… He knew what was going to happen. It would be the same as earlier, he’d stand there for ages, begging his bladder to empty itself to no avail, and then he’d give up and have to KEEP acting like he didn’t need to go.

Oh, but he was so full now… He didn’t think he was capable of behaving in a way that DIDN’T make it obvious how much he needed to pee. As he left the room, his legs were so stiff, and it hurt to bend them enough to take proper steps. He might not have been able to sense chi, but he could feel Vegeta watching him. He knew Vegeta thought there was something wrong with him. As far as Vegeta was concerned, Tarble HAD just peed half an hour ago, it wasn’t normal for him to be this desperate again already.

Tarble’s tail twisted itself in knots as he struggled down the hallway, back to the lobby, back to the restroom that he already knew would provide him no relief. He opened the door, walked right past the wall-thingies— which he STILL couldn’t understand how ANYONE could use— and into a stall.

He unzipped and aimed, and TRIED. He really, REALLY tried! The stall door was locked, even if someone else came into the bathroom, they wouldn’t see anything! But, the sound… They would hear it! They would hear that vulgar hissing noise, and— And he had to go SO bad, what if he accidentally sighed or something? They’d think he was gross!

He tried to forget all of that. No one was even in here right now. He was alone, no one was around to hear him. It was okay. But, his heart was pounding, and his lower muscles were just getting tenser, not loosening up like he wanted them to. His tail kept thumping against the wall to his side, he couldn’t control it.

As more time passed, Tarble imagined what his brother must have been thinking as he waited for him. Doubtless, Vegeta was wondering why in the world it was taking Tarble AGES just to pee. He was getting impatient, he was maybe even close to figuring out that Tarble had something WRONG with him. Vegeta would be disappointed in him. ‘A Saiyan should NEVER struggle with something so easy! We are meant to be warriors, and yet you can’t fight, you don’t even know how to pee… No wonder they sent you away.’

Tarble shuddered more. He could clearly hear those words in his brother’s voice. Could easily picture him saying them with an irritated, uncaring look in his eyes. Tarble pressed his hand into his midsection, trying to squeeze his bladder until it was forced to release. But, he received nothing but pain for his efforts, a burning, stinging weight bearing down on his most sensitive parts. It brought tears to his eyes, tears that made Tarble even MORE certain that he was letting his brother down. ‘You have to be kidding me! Saiyans are not supposed to cry, Tarble! Especially not over something so stupid!’

Tarble had pretty much given up all hope of actually peeing here. It just wasn’t going to happen, it didn’t matter what he did. Instead, he just let himself squirm and writhe while he had the privacy to do so. He squeezed his dick. He let his tail twitch and twist and smack the solid surface of the wall. He crossed his legs back and forth, jiggled on his feet and hopped between them. All his fidgeting made him feel a little less like he was going to explode, but each time he tried to go still, the pain immediately roared back to life. He had no idea how he was supposed to act normal in front of Vegeta once he got back out of here.

Because, he HAD to leave eventually. He’d already been in here for way too long, Vegeta was surely getting curious. Painfully, Tarble straightened himself back out and zipped his pants up, flinching and stomping his feet against the floor as a confused, panicked wail throbbed through his bladder. He didn’t understand that at all. He’d given it ample opportunity to release, it was its own fault that Tarble had to leave the room without peeing.

He allowed himself to keep his knees pressed together as he returned to Vegeta, but once he was in the same room as his brother, he forced them apart, forced himself to stand like he would if he weren’t dying to pee. Vegeta thought he’d JUST gone, he couldn’t display ANY signs to the contrary. “S—Sorry about that…” Tarble said softly, hoping that a quiet tone would make any wavering in his voice harder to notice.

“It’s fine,” Vegeta said. “It was probably just the coffee… You said you’d never had it before?”

Tarble shook his head. He felt sweat rolling down the back of his neck. His bladder lurched and a surge of heat built inside his length. He tensed his thighs, and hoped the action wasn’t noticeable. “No. We don’t have that on my planet.”

“The woman should have warned you of its effects…” Vegeta mumbled. “It should be out of your system by now, so we can focus on training. You…” He trailed off, sighed. “Tarble, I’ve told you before, wrap your tail around your waist. If you let it wag around like that, your opponent will have an easy time grabbing it. And, I highly doubt you’ve trained it enough that having it squeezed doesn’t sap your strength.”

“Um… Right, yes… I apologize, I just forgot,” Tarble said. His tail was still lashing about in a display of irritation and discomfort. The fur looked puffier than usual, something that only happened when a Saiyan was really agitated. Could Vegeta tell? He tried curling it around his waist like a belt, and— Oh, too tight! Too tight! Mmmmf—! Why did his bladder have to be RIGHT there?! Tarble’s eyes widened as his tail squished his midsection, sending searing, shooting pangs of bright hot need all through his lower half.

“That’s better,” Vegeta said. “Now, let’s see if you remember the proper fighting stance I showed you before.”

Tarble DID remember it. Legs spread apart, knees bent, sort of crouching… A lot of his own weight bearing down atop his aching bladder. It had hurt so bad… It was GOING to hurt so bad! Still, he forced himself into it, and his bladder screamed as it was compressed, his hands twitched, desiring to fly between his legs and pin himself closed— Even though he was positive nothing COULD leak out of him anyway. His bladder was plugged shut, and there was nothing he could do to dislodge the cork shoved inside it.

“Hff… Hff…” Tarble tried to breathe, but the simple act of drawing air into his lungs was causing tight bands to wrap around his abdomen.

“That’s right,” Vegeta said. “Now— Tarble, you CAN’T be out of breath already, we haven’t even started yet!”

“I’m… Okay…” Tarble said, his holding muscles catching fire and reminding him of how NOT okay he was.

Vegeta looked him over, trying to figure out what was bothering his brother so much. Yeah, he knew the guy wasn’t much of a fighter and couldn’t even come CLOSE to matching his own strength. Still, there was NO reason for Tarble to be soaking himself in sweat just from standing in a position that he wasn’t used to. Vegeta hadn’t even turned the gravity machine ON, they were only experiencing Earth’s normal gravity, which Tarble said felt similar enough to his own planet’s that he barely noticed any difference. So, he wasn’t struggling just because he felt heavier than usual. What was the problem?

Grasping for some kind of explanation, Vegeta asked “The planet you come from… Is it really cold there?”

Tarble gave him a perplexed look, and Vegeta noticed tremors going through his parted legs. “N—No, why do you ask?”

“I was wondering if your body is accustomed to lower temperatures,” Vegeta said. “You’re sweating out an ocean.”

Tarble flinched visibly, his hands trembling, his tail slowly uncurling itself from his waist and starting to flick again. “Sorry… It’s not intentional.”

“Tarble, your tail,” Vegeta said. “That is a VERY vulnerable spot for a Saiyan, if you don’t pay attention to what it’s doing, you leave yourself open to—“

“Sorry!” Tarble repeated, placing his tail back around himself. His eyes shut, his teeth gritted, his expression pinched and full of pain.

Why had THAT hurt him?

“Is your tail injured?” Vegeta asked. “Let me see it.”

Tarble stood back up again, and Vegeta thought he heard him sigh when he was able to push his legs together again. Tarble stood beside Vegeta and allowed him to examine his tail.

Tarble felt extra nervous being so close to his brother. Even though he wasn’t squirming and flailing like he’d been doing in the restroom, the shakes just wouldn’t stop. He kept his hands balled into fists, trying to prevent them from grabbing onto his crotch every time his bladder gave a sharp, pinching throb. They kept trying to fly there anyway. After a few seconds, he clasped his hands behind his back instead.

An absolutely brutal spasm flared through him, and a rush of warmth battered against his opening. Panicked, he bent forwards at the waist slightly and twisted his hips. Ah! He— He’d almost— He’d nearly leaked! He’d come SO close to spilling right beside Vegeta!

Since Vegeta was so focused on his tail, he didn’t seem to notice how much the rest of Tarble’s body was fidgeting. Unfortunately, Tarble REALLY couldn’t control how much his tail was moving.

“Dammit…” Vegeta huffed after a moment. “Hold this thing still!”

“Sorry!” Tarble yelped, concentrating on letting his tail go limp. The thing just wouldn’t listen, though. It twirled and flapped and kept wriggling in Vegeta’s hands, even thumping against his chest.

“Tarble—“

“I’m sorry, I’m trying!” Tarble exclaimed. He was sweating more than ever now, the effort of keeping his tail still, of not letting Vegeta notice that he STILL needed to go, of— Of enduring the AGONY bloating out his bladder… He couldn’t, he couldn’t, he wasn’t strong enough. He wasn’t a proper Saiyan, he was too weak. He couldn’t do anything. He couldn’t even do the most basic of tasks! How hard was it to simply keep his tail still! How hard was it to just PEE?! He was annoying his brother, Vegeta was going to get fed up with him, Vegeta was going to—

“Tarble, what is the matter with you?!” Vegeta snapped.

… Yell at him.

Tarble shrank back, and another short spurt of liquid finally managed to seep itself from his bladder. It didn’t make him feel ANY better, just made the cold feeling inside him worse, mixed with the frustrated expression on Vegeta’s face and the harshness of his tone, Tarble felt like his insides were turning to ice. Utterly ashamed of himself, he mumbled “I’m sorry, brother… I… I just… A—Are all bathrooms on Earth like that one?”

The irritation faded from Vegeta’s eyes and was replaced by confusion. “What?”

“Vegeta, I’m so sorry, I… I need to… I need to relieve myself very desperately, but… I… I have to have more privacy than that, or else I can’t… Or else I can’t go…” Tarble forced himself to look up and meet his brother’s gaze. Vegeta was just staring at him, his mouth a harsh line and his cheeks… Red? Why was HE embarrassed— Oh, he must have been humiliated to have a younger brother with such a ridiculous problem! Vegeta was ashamed of him!

After a second, he felt Vegeta grab his wrist and tug him forwards. Tarble didn’t have any choice but to follow. There was no way he could pull free of Vegeta’s grasp. He kept apologizing as they walked through Capsule Corp, passing several rooms and employees. “I’m sorry, I really am, I know it’s stupid, I can’t help it, I just can’t—“

“Shhh!” Vegeta hissed sharply. “Shut up!”

Tarble went quiet, biting his lip. Vegeta was BEYOND disappointed in him— Apologizing meant nothing at this point. Tarble was pathetic, and Vegeta was done with him.

It was hard to let himself be dragged along by Vegeta. Vegeta was moving too fast for Tarble’s bladder, the poor organ was being shaken up violently, like a can of soda about to explode and spray everywhere. Still, Tarble held everything in, his shame at embarrassing his brother so great that he wouldn’t be able to let anything out if he tried. And, he certainly didn’t complain or ask Vegeta to slow down. Vegeta already thought he was pathetic, he couldn’t say that WALKING hurt him too bad now.

Vegeta led him through a door, and then they were in a living area. Tarble barely had time to look around before Vegeta had shuffled him into a bedroom. Vegeta released him, then opened another door. “There. Just use this one. It’s private, the door locks. Turn on the sink if you have to— It should help if you run your hand under warm water. I’ll go wait in the hall so that I won’t hear anything.”

And then he just… Left.

Nothing about how Tarble was a disgrace. No questions about how PEEING could possibly be so difficult for him. No teasing. No disappointment. No frustration.

Just… Understanding? Maybe Vegeta had met someone with this problem before, so he already knew what to do about it?

Tarble stepped into the restroom. He shut the door and LOCKED it, already feeling some relief just from that action alone. He stood in front of the toilet, unzipped, and gave it yet another try. After a few seconds without any results, he turned on the hot tap on the sink and stuck his free hand underneath it.

It worked perfectly.

The liquid that had tormented him so much began to pour out of him, like a cup tipped on its side. It felt so good, drawing out a pleased sigh. His tail started to move again, this time wagging happily as he was finally able to relax. “Phew…”

He felt so much better that he almost forgot about how he’d confessed his weakness to his older brother. Vegeta had helped him, hadn’t gotten mad, hadn’t been disappointed, but maybe he’d only been acting nice because he wanted to make sure Tarble didn’t pee his pants. It would look bad on HIM too if Tarble had an accident. Maybe, as soon as Tarble finished and came back out, Vegeta was gonna scold him and call him pathetic.

But… Vegeta had told him about the sink and the warm water… He’d only do that if he TRULY wanted to help, right?

Tarble peed for a long, LONG time, expelling every drop of coffee he’d foolishly pumped himself full of. It took almost three minutes to get rid of it all, and then he just felt so light…

“Haahh…” he sighed, zipping back up.

He cleaned his hands and went back out to find Vegeta. He’d stayed in the hall, just like he’d promised to. He wasn’t tapping his foot. He didn’t look impatient. He wasn’t annoyed.

“Tarble—“

“I’m so sorry, Vegeta!” Tarble blurted out. “I know, it’s so pathetic, and— And a Saiyan should never have a problem like this. A normal Saiyan wouldn’t—“

“Shut up, Tarble!” Vegeta snapped. NOW he looked annoyed.

“S—Sorry…”

“This whole thing— You just can’t relieve yourself around others. Is that it?”

“Yeah…”

Vegeta took a deep breath. “Currently, there are three full-blooded Saiyans left alive; Myself, you, and Kakarot.”

“S—So?”

“So… Of those three, the only one that doesn’t suffer from this problem is… Is… Kakarot. Two-thirds of the remaining Saiyans have it— Which means the strange one is Kakarot. As usual.”

Tarble took a moment to process that. “Wait… So that… You mean, you— YOU—“

Vegeta blushed and tried not to look Tarble in the eyes. “Yes. I mean that I have the EXACT same problem that you do. That’s… That’s how I knew the water would help…”

“But… But it’s… Weak, and—“

“Tarble, if you call me weak again, then I’m not going to hold back when we fight.”

“I wasn’t— I was—“

“… I’m proud of you, Tarble,” Vegeta admitted.

Tarble had never felt more confused in his life. “You’re… What?” How in the world could he POSSIBLY be proud of him right now?! He hadn’t displayed any impressive skills— He’d shown his brother that he was INCAPABLE of something!

“I’m proud of you,” Vegeta repeated. “Because you told me what you were struggling with; I can still barely bring myself to speak of this.”

*005*2024-11-21 01:52

Written for the Omovember prompt "Can I Go First?"

***

Much to Vegeta’s surprise, after Tarble had confessed his problem to HIM, he actually WANTED to just go ahead and let Bulma know about it, too. Vegeta could not understand that at all. Telling people was a miserable, nerve-wracking thing. It was something he’d only ever done out of necessity. A lot of his companions STILL didn’t know— Hell, Bulma’s parents weren’t even aware, as far as he could tell. He intended to keep it that way, if possible.

“You are going to be with me for the majority of your time here. I’m the only one that NEEDS to know. You don’t have to tell anyone else,” Vegeta said.

“But… Um… Shouldn’t I?” Tarble shifted. “It’s going to look odd if I keep going into your bedroom, right?”

“There are other private facilities here. I am sure your room will have some. You don’t have to tell anyone,” Vegeta repeated.

Tarble relaxed a little at that. “That’s good… But, um… Mrs. Bulma said she wants to take me places to shop and eat while I am here. If I start needing to go… I don’t want Bulma to think I’m just being weird…”

Vegeta sighed. Against his will, he was inundated with memories of outings with Bulma back BEFORE Vegeta had told her of his problem. She certainly HAD thought he was ‘just being weird’, when he suddenly started twitching and urging her to let him go home in the middle of things. She HAD thought he was ‘just being weird’ when he continually refused all offers of beverages regardless of how obvious his thirst was.

And, he knew Bulma wouldn’t… Judge Tarble, or anything.

NOT that he cared whether or not someone teased his brother, of course. Because he didn’t. Scrawny little runt deserved a bit of taunting…

But, he wouldn’t be receiving it for this. Bulma understood how painful Vegeta’s problem was for him, so that meant she would be JUST as comforting towards Tarble. And, Tarble would probably ACCEPT that sort of… cautious, doting behavior a bit more than Vegeta did.

Certain that Bulma would not laugh or find anything humorous about Tarble’s situation, Vegeta shrugged and said he could tell her if he really wanted to.

Unfortunately, Vegeta was often wrong.

This was one of those times.

Bulma DID find something humorous about Tarble’s situation. She was not amused by his suffering, but she was THOROUGHLY amused by the fact that this was apparently the ONLY thing Vegeta had in common with his brother. “Finally! Some sign that you’re actually related!”

“Shut up…” Vegeta growled.

“Heh, so this… It runs in your blood, Vegeta? Did your parents both have it, too?”

“I d—don’t think so!” Vegeta growled. “And it’s NOT fucking funny!”

“Aw, but it’s kind of sweet!” Bulma giggled. “N—Now… Now you guys finally h—have…” she snorted, unable to hold it back. “Something to bond over!”

“I am NOT bonding with him over this!”

Tarble watched them argue and sighed, blushing. “No one on MY planet ever laughed at me…”

Vegeta turned to scowl at Bulma. “NOW look what you did, woman! You will make it worse if you cause him to feel inadequate!”

“Aww, look at you!” Bulma said. “Defending your baby brother…”

Vegeta seethed, clenching and unclenching his fists. He felt his palms starting to heat up, felt tiny sparks of energy gathering there.

“Tarble, I’m not laughing at you,” Bulma said. “I’m laughing at Vegeta because he’s trying SO hard to pretend that he doesn’t actually care about you.”

“BECAUSE I DON’T!” Vegeta insisted.

Tarble started to smile, too.

“Don’t you fucking— Dammit, Tarble!”

Bulma overheard Vegeta and Tarble talking a few times in the days that followed. It was honestly really interesting to her; Vegeta was… Openly discussing his problem. He was doing it with ease. He was freely telling Tarble about how it had effected him, without even stumbling over his words or trying to be overly vague. He described the pain that it caused him to feel, he acknowledged how frequently he was made to deal with it. He was actually WILLING to speak about it.

The only thing he seemed to be leaving out was the emotional toll it took on him. He told Tarble about the awful back pains, seemingly more out of concern that Tarble experienced the same than anything else. But, he never once described the shame and anxiety surrounding everything. Of course, Vegeta refused to use the word ‘anxiety’ in relation to himself, but she never overheard him talking about the ‘cold chest twitches’ either. He only ever talked about what was happening to him physically— The pain, the pressure, and the disobedient nature of his bladder. Nothing about what was going on in his head to CAUSE said disobedience.

Bulma wasn’t too surprised, though. She didn’t even know if Vegeta was neglecting to talk about his feelings on purpose or not. His brain was more attuned to processing physical things, emotions confused and frustrated him— His own most of all.

Vegeta continued to train Tarble over the next several weeks. Just as he had promised, their sessions were brutal, and often ended with Tarble laying on the floor of the gravity room, unable to pick himself back up again for some time. The first time this happened, Tarble had moaned to his older brother to please turn off the gravity machine so that he could stand, and Vegeta had laughed at him. Initially, Tarble had been annoyed and assumed Vegeta was taunting him, trying to force him to get onto his feet while the machine was still forcing him down.

But, then Vegeta had caught his breath and informed; “It’s not even ON, Tarble. Get up.”

Tarble was forced to get up painfully early each morning, and he’d need to drag himself to the gravity room quickly. If he was even one minute late, there would be a penalty. “I have warned you about being punctual, Tarble. As punishment, you are required to keep your left hand behind your back for the first hour.”

Tarble was perpetually sore. There was not a single muscle in his body that Vegeta didn’t insist on running ragged, and with the training sessions being a daily occurrence with no off-time in between them, Tarble never felt like he was able to recover.

Tarble was also perpetually tired. Getting up at five in the morning every single day so that his brother could force him through hours of intense exercise ensured that. To his dismay, Tarble found himself becoming quite reliant on coffee. The taste wasn’t so bad, as long as he remembered to put in the sugar, but he needed SEVERAL mugs of it each morning to even have a hope of lasting through Vegeta’s regimen.

And, the coffee had very unpleasant after-effects. He understood now that one of the ingredients in it was a diuretic, and that meant it arrived in his bladder quickly, which was why it made him need to go so often and so urgently. But, coupled with his difficulties with relieving himself, it became very annoying.

What was surprising, though, was how Vegeta ACTED about that.

Tarble had learned during the first few days that he should never, EVER ask Vegeta if he could have a break to go lay down, or to eat lunch early. Vegeta did NOT want Tarble leaving the gravity room for such ‘trivial things’ when they were busy training.

But, it seemed like the very INSTANT Vegeta realized Tarble needed to pee, he was ushering him to the door. He ALWAYS let Tarble go to the restroom, and he didn’t even SCOLD him for it, or order him to stop drinking coffee every morning. It struck Tarble as strange. He’d never expected Vegeta to be ‘protective’ of him in any way.

But, with this one thing, he was.

Tarble knew that Vegeta understood what dealing with this issue felt like, and that having an accident would most likely make it a lot worse, but it was still odd for Tarble to watch the abrupt change in his brother’s behavior. One second, Vegeta would be knocking him all over the gravity chamber and shouting at him to toughen up and learn how to dodge. The next, Vegeta was hurrying him to the door and mumbling “Take as long as you need.”

As weird as those moments were, Tarble appreciated them. Having an accident definitely WOULD make it even harder for him to relax and go when he needed to. And, he certainly didn’t want Vegeta to snap at him to “Just deal with it!” like he did whenever Tarble said he was tired or hungry.

It was an awful way to feel, but Tarble thought he was lucky that Vegeta was afflicted with the same issue as him. He highly doubted Vegeta would be so sympathetic about it otherwise.

The strange gratitude Tarble felt for Vegeta sharing in his difficulty made Tarble immensely guilty. He knew— better than most— how miserable Vegeta’s ordeals with this had been. When they’d discussed it, and Vegeta had described the back pains, Tarble had needed to hold himself back from blurting out something comforting, which Vegeta would have snapped at him for.

Tarble HAD experienced the pain Vegeta had been referring to a few times. Each occasion had been very memorable, despite how much Tarble would like to forget them. During BOTH of his trips to Earth, that awful sensation had scorched through him as he spent so much time in his space-pod without any release.

The first time he’d felt it was when he and Gure had taken a trip to a neighboring planet, and they’d stayed in some guest accommodations that Tarble’s bladder hadn’t liked at all. It was a tall building, and each floor was lined with rows of little pods that contained beds. There was one restroom at either end of each hall, meant for everyone staying there to use— And Tarble just couldn’t do it, even though he was trying as hard as he could.

Gure had been enjoying the trip so much that Tarble didn’t want to do anything to make her worry. So, he didn’t tell her that the bathrooms where they were staying were unusable for him. He just went to bed with her that first night, and told himself that he’d find somewhere else to relieve himself the next day.

He didn’t. All the places they visited on that planet were so crowded. Tarble got nervous in crowds to begin with, and he definitely couldn’t use the restroom under those conditions. On top of all that, he couldn’t even sneak off to a nice, secluded bit of foliage to let his bladder release, because it looked like the entire planet was made up of densely packed buildings and sidewalks. No forests anywhere.

That night, after over a day without peeing even the smallest drop, Tarble was really struggling. Gure could tell something was wrong, since Tarble absolutely could NOT stay still. His knees were rubbing, his feet were tapping, his tail was completely out of control… She thought he just didn’t like the crowds, and she was kind of right…

She asked if he wanted to leave and go home early. Tarble had been SO tempted, his mind’s eye already being flooded by images of the restroom at home, where he could finally get his bladder to relax and free himself from his torment to enter a world of pure bliss.

But… Then he’d remembered how excited Gure had been all day, how much she had been smiling, how happy she was to explore a new place…

And he’d thought; ‘It’s not like I can have an accident…. I won’t wet myself if I can’t even go when I’m trying to.’ Certain that the worst wouldn’t come to pass, Tarble assumed that he could just… Endure, for Gure’s sake. He could do it.

He was wrong on two counts. He absolutely could NOT just endure his desperation. And the ‘worst’ thing that could possibly happen to him as a result of it WASN’T an accident.

He’d made it a few hours into the night. Gure had fallen asleep, but there was no way Tarble could do the same. He just wriggled and squirmed beside her, trying in vain to find a comfortable position that might allow him to nod off for at least a little bit.

And then it happened.

He was suddenly inundated with the worst, most vile, most excruciating, most mind-breaking agony he had ever experienced in his entire life. He thought, at first, that he’d somehow managed to flail so forcefully that he’d snapped his own spine, as illogical as that would be. It really felt like something in his lower back was broken, though. Shattered into billions of little pieces. And, it was so hot, too. If it hadn’t been so dark, he would have been afraid that he’d spontaneously caught fire.

At the exact moment that pain had arrived, the pressure in his bladder increased tenfold, and the tip of his cock flared almost as painfully as his back was. For a few seconds, he thought he was about to wet himself, in spite of his earlier certainty that he couldn’t. To his shock, he actually WELCOMED the possibility, since he thought that might bring about an end to his pain.

But then, instead of relief and a soggy warmth spreading over his crotch, he just received another paralyzing cramp in his abdomen as all his liquid remained torturously in place.

That was when he’d finally realized that he was crying. His body was covered in so much pain that tears were gushing from his eyes, and choked whimpers fell from his lips. He was bawling, and each uncontrollable sob made his bladder contract even more brutally, and the pain in his back to flare.

Gure got up then, as Tarble’s sniveling got too loud. As soon as he saw she was awake, he was apologizing; “I’m s—sorry, I’m sorry, I d—didn’t mean to wake you…”

Gure moved closer to him. “Tarble, what is wrong?” She asked gently. “Did you have a bad dream, dear?”

Tarble shook his head. “It h—hurts…” he managed, his thoughts barely coherent.

“What hurts?” Gure put a hand onto his back to comfort him.

But, that was the worst thing she could have done. His weeping increased as the awful pain became enough to nauseate him. He didn’t even know what he could do now. “I’m s—sorry…” he choked out.

“For what?”

“I h—haven’t been able to use the relief centers here a—at all,” Tarble mewled. “I—It hurts, a—and I don’t w—wanna ruin our trip.”

Gure took his hand off his back at last and covered her mouth. “Oh, Tarble… I forgot about how much Saiyans need privacy… You’ve needed to go this whole time?”

Tarble nodded miserably.

“Can you go now? No one else should be awake to see or hear.”

“I tr—tried that last night, a—and I couldn’t. I k—kept thinking the s—sound would w—wake someone up…”

Gure frowned with concern, and Tarble felt awful. He had ruined the trip, and she probably wanted to leave now and take him home so he could finally release. But… With as much as his body hurt, he was scared that this would actually KILL him in the HOURS it would take to reach their home planet from here.

Gure grabbed a bag off the floor, which contained souvenirs she’d gotten throughout the day— Including a vase.

“If I leave the room, can you go in this? It would be quieter.”

Tarble could feel himself turning pale. “B—But, that’s your vase… I’ll… I’ll make it gross and dirty…”

Gure just looked up at his tear-streaked face, his body shaking with pain. “The vase can be cleaned.” she said. “You’ll get sick if you don’t go.”

Tarble knew that was true. He’d never felt anything like this before. His situation had become a LITERAL emergency. He forced himself to nod, so Gure had left him alone with the vase.

Tarble had managed to let himself go into it, though not without considerable effort and a whole lot of pleading with himself. The whole time his bladder was emptying, he continued to shake and shudder, tears still streaming down his face almost as rapidly as urine was flowing from his tip. He felt ashamed, and like he was disgusting.

Once he had finished— Having filled the vase up nearly to its brim— Tarble was exhausted and as sore as could be.

In fact, he wouldn’t feel THAT exhausted and sore again until now, after weeks of Vegeta’s training regimen…

That back pain had been horrifying, and the memory of it was forever burned into Tarble’s mind. The few times he’d gone through it were some of the worst experiences of his life. And, from what Vegeta had said before, it sounded like HE went through it on an almost weekly basis.

Tarble REALLY shouldn’t have considered himself ‘lucky’ for having a brother that went through the same thing he did. But, he couldn’t help it. Even though he hated the thought of Vegeta suffering like that. As thankful as he was that Vegeta could understand him, he never, EVER wanted to have to SEE Vegeta going through this. The sight of his tough older brother being reduced to a twitching, shuddering mess of brutal torment would not sit well with him.

But, Tarble had been here for weeks now, and so far they hadn’t even left the house, no matter how much Bulma kept saying she wanted to take Tarble out for some fun. Staying at home meant that Tarble hadn’t had any ‘crises’ since that very first day when he’d been trying so hard to hide his dilemma. It also meant Vegeta hadn’t suffered any similar issues, he’d just sometimes decide that he’d ‘earned a break’ at the same time Tarble had.

If they kept staying here, which seemed likely since Vegeta refused to skip a day of their training, Tarble didn’t think he’d need to worry about seeing Vegeta experience that horrendous pain.

One morning, Tarble forced himself out of bed at five, as had become his routine. His legs felt like they were made of lead as he trudged to the restroom, his feet dragging against the floor. He relieved his bladder before making his way to the kitchen for some much needed cups of coffee. The exercises Vegeta had been giving him were somehow getting even MORE intense, so he knew he was going to need the energy.

He didn’t feel like he was fully awake until he’d drank so much that he could hear the liquid sloshing in his stomach— Thank goodness Vegeta let him use the bathroom when he needed to.

Tarble got to the gravity chamber in time, but he was surprised when he opened the door and didn’t find Vegeta already there. Usually, Vegeta was extremely early, already warming himself up by the time Tarble arrived.

Maybe Vegeta was just busy with something else this morning. Tarble was sure he wouldn’t be left waiting here for too long. And, it would be unwise of him to leave and try to catch a few extra minutes of rest, Vegeta would surely arrive while he was gone and there would be some kind of a penalty.

As Tarble stood there and Vegeta still failed to arrive, he started to worry. Vegeta had never, EVER been late before. The only reason Tarble could think of for Vegeta NOT being here was that something had prevented him from coming. Was Vegeta hurt? What could have hurt him around here, though?

Oh no, what if Vegeta had gotten that back pain? Like, maybe his and Bulma’s restroom had a plumbing problem all of the sudden, and so Vegeta hadn’t been able to go. Tarble would have let Vegeta use the bathroom attached to HIS room if he’d asked! Vegeta knew that, didn’t he?

Then again, Tarble had an extremely difficult time picturing Vegeta ASKING for anything…

Still, he could have banged his fists against Tarble’s door and DEMANDED it. Tarble wouldn’t have been upset!

Tarble hoped THAT wasn’t what was delaying his older brother. It probably wasn’t! More realistically, his alarm clock just hadn’t gone off, so he was still asleep. That would actually be a good thing, as Tarble didn’t think Vegeta got enough sleep.

Around half an hour later, Tarble was feeling a bit of that coffee starting to hit him. The need was very far from being urgent, but he was very aware of its presence. He didn’t want to start today’s session already kind of needing to go, nor did he want to leave the room in case Vegeta finally showed up and then assumed he’d ditched him.

Tarble just kept waiting, holding it and mentally preparing himself for the embarrassment that was going to come soon. Because, once Vegeta finally arrived, Tarble was going to have to say the words “I need to relieve myself first, I’m sorry” out loud. It would be too difficult to wait for Vegeta to notice he had to pee like he usually did.

Finally, he heard footsteps coming closer to the door, and his brother’s loud, thoroughly irritated, voice. “I can’t believe this…”

Tarble stood up straighter, a bit of tension taking hold of his body. Why was Vegeta mad at him?! He’d showed up right on time! If Vegeta was angry, did that mean he wouldn’t LET Tarble go pee before they started?!

Vegeta stepped into the gravity chamber, his brows more furrowed than usual. He looked pissed— Which was kind of a funny thing to think, considering Vegeta ALWAYS looked pissed, but over the last few weeks Tarble had learned to differentiate between his usual, grumpy expression and his ‘I want to fucking kill something’ expression. This was the latter.

“Tarble, come on, we’re leaving.”

Tarble looked back at him, perplexed. “We are fighting somewhere else today?”

“No,” Vegeta huffed, indicating that he could not be LESS pleased by this turn of events. “Unfortunately, the woman is insisting that we all take the boy to the zoo today.”

So… Bulma wanted them all to go somewhere with Trunks, then? Tarble definitely wouldn’t mind a day off, unlike Vegeta. There was just one problem. “Um… What’s a zoo?”

“It’s where Earthlings cage random creatures so that they can mindlessly gawk at them as they lay around,” Vegeta explained.

“… Oh,” Tarble said.

“Yeah…” Vegeta said. “Anyway, the woman can’t fly so we’re going to have to ride in one of her infernal vehicles. This trip is going to last several hours. It is slightly warm today, so expect her to badger both of us about drinking water. Prepare yourself for irritation.”

Tarble quickly registered that his brother was trying to subtly remind him to pee before they left.

Of course, he did. He even made sure to stand at the toilet for a few extra seconds, just to make sure he’d gotten rid of every drop that was in him.

Vegeta, as usual, really hated the drive. Traffic wasn’t even THAT bad, yet it was still enough to get him grinding his teeth and muttering about how he SHOULD have been allowed to fly. His mood soured more when he realized how long this drive actually WAS, with the knowledge that he was guaranteed to be far more uncomfortable during the return-trip home, the time spent at the zoo and Bulma’s relentless insistence on hydrating him both making his bladder heavy.

This trip was not going to be easy, he already knew. His chest was tingling like crazy already, and he was forced to acknowledge that the main source of that wasn’t even concern that he might potentially get desperate himself.

He was… Dammit, he was concerned about Tarble. He’d succeeded in detaching himself from his brother for his ENTIRE life. He’d kept the little runt out of his mind. He’d refused to entertain the possibility that they could EVER mean anything to each other. Vegeta had worked HARD on ensuring all of that, ever since the day Frieza had sat him down and explained Tarble’s banishment to him. It was BEST that Vegeta simply pretended that he didn’t have a brother. Back then, Vegeta had promised himself that if he ever DID somehow see Tarble again, he would treat the other Saiyan like a stranger.

And now, Vegeta was… Oh, Hell… The small inklings of worry, of wondering ‘What might Tarble be up to right now? Is he still alive somewhere?’ that had sometimes cropped up throughout Vegeta’s life, had now grown. He was actually concerned about Tarble.

And the thing that had gotten him to want to protect the runt had been… It had been fucking THIS. It was the damn pissing thing! He’d basically closed himself off from the fact he even HAD a brother for his entire life, and what had caused all that to come crashing back down was learning that Tarble had just as much trouble pissing as HE did.

If he HAD to start… maybe… sort of caring about that runt, why couldn’t it have been because of something else?! Like… Like, maybe they could have just bonded over how annoying Kakarot was! That would have been much better! Or, perhaps, Tarble could have had some latent power that everyone had just overlooked? Why not that?!

No, it just HAD to be this, and now Vegeta was honestly stressed out about if Tarble would be okay during their long outing today or not. He was worried Bulma would give him too much water, or they’d be away from home for too many hours, and then Tarble would be put through Hell.

By the time they arrived at the zoo, Vegeta’s constant worrying about his brother’s bladder had made his own start to twinge a little, which in turn made him feel like a complete idiot. Thinking about pissing, dreading the need to piss, always caused him to fill up faster. Evidently, it didn’t matter if he was thinking about HIMSELF needing to piss, either. Regardless of whose bladder he was concerned about, the effect would be the same.

He gently put a hand against his midsection, anxiously glancing around just in case the action SOMEHOW informed everyone that he was starting to need to go. He didn’t really NEED to, he was just trying to gauge the current level of pressure he was under, to predict how much worse it might become in the next several hours. Right now, it was just a subtle, thrumming buzz in his lower abdomen, amplified just slightly by the weight of his palm against it.

It wasn’t that bad, and if he just stopped THINKING about it, then it would surely go away.

As they walked into the zoo, Vegeta finally remembered Bulma’s capsule. He didn’t doubt that she had it with her, but that didn’t bring him much comfort. The silly process she wanted him to go through before she was willing to relinquish it to him was going to be awful, so he’d prefer to avoid it unless he literally had no other choice.

He also didn’t much care for the idea of Trunks and Tarble learning of that capsule’s existence, should he become so desperate that he was forced to request it.

Right… He was still thinking about pissing. He needed to stop that. Had to think of something else and fast.

Bulma wasn’t going to let him, though. “Vegeta, Tarble,” she said. “It is hot out today, I want you both to have some water before we start walking around; This is non-negotiable.”

Vegeta could not help but notice that Trunks was left OUT of that statement; Trunks didn’t need to be TOLD to drink… “Bulma—“

She was already going to a drink stand with Trunks. Trunks was eagerly asking for all sorts of sodas. Which, Vegeta thought, at least meant he still hadn’t accidentally passed this affliction down to his son.

Even if this stupid thing DID apparently run in the family…

Vegeta noticed Tarble looking about anxiously, then felt his wrist being grabbed. “Vegeta, is she going to make us drink a lot?”

“Unfortunately, this is one of the many things she likes to be annoying about,” Vegeta said.

Tarble worried at his lip. He’d had SO much coffee this morning, he thought that meant he was already hydrated enough… And he could already feel a not insignificant amount of that liquid pooling into his bladder, too. Would he be alright if he had to add a bottle of water on top of that? “I… I had all that coffee earlier…”

Vegeta shifted, the twinges in his own bladder flaring in an odd way. It was like the nerves he felt all throughout his body were tickling the irritated organ, and his frustration grew. How the Hell could he be more worried about Tarble than he was about himself?!

Bulma and Trunks returned. Trunks was happily drinking from an obscenely large cup of soda, and Tarble’s eyes went wide; Was he going to have to drink THAT much?! He’d burst!

Thankfully, the water bottles he and Vegeta were given were significantly smaller, but they were still expected to empty them completely. Vegeta grumbled out a few complaints, but Tarble could tell he’d gone through this with Bulma enough times that he knew there was no getting out of this.

Tarble didn’t even try. He uncapped the bottle and forced its contents down his throat. He felt like his bladder was pulsing with every swallow, begging him not to do this, yelling at him that he was already full of coffee and absolutely shouldn’t put anything else into himself.

“Good job,” Bulma praised once they had both finished. Tarble caught a very flustered blush on Vegeta’s face at those words, and nearly laughed, but he held it back.

Vegeta did his best to forget about the water he had just consumed, and about how his bladder was already irritating him; He was constantly aware of the fact it wasn’t empty, and he was filled with dread by it. ‘It’s not even that bad,’ he kept reminding himself. ‘Stop thinking about it, and you won’t notice it anymore!’ His mind didn’t want to cooperate with him, however. The mere knowledge that he’d put more liquid into himself was getting to him.

The only other thing he could really focus on was Tarble. Tarble had not seen many Earth creatures yet, so he was fascinated by nearly everything in the zoo.

“See, Vegeta?” Bulma said as Tarble stared intently at the zebras. “That’s the kind of reaction I EXPECT when I first bring an alien to a place like this… You just stood around and muttered to yourself the whole time.”

“That was because of the stench,” Vegeta said. “Saiyan noses are—“

“Tarble and Trunks don’t seem to mind it,” Bulma pointed out.

Vegeta sighed. Yeah, Trunks was having fun… That was good, at least. He could put up with the foul odor for a while to let Trunks enjoy himself. He could put up with—

Vegeta felt a sudden, sharper twinge in his abdomen, like a wave of liquid had just been deposited into his bladder. It still wasn’t an emergency, but it was enough to make him tense his thighs up, just to quell the discomfort.

He could put up with THAT to let Trunks enjoy himself…

Tarble was having fun, too. He had never seen so many different creatures in one place before. On his home planet, there were only a tiny handful of animal species— Earth must have had tons of them. And they were all unique, Tarble stood and watched each one for several minutes, until Vegeta started urging him to move along.

“It’s just a giraffe— A weird camel-goat thing with a thirty foot neck that smells awful, it isn’t that interesting!” Vegeta said.

Tarble walked on. He spotted a creature that looked like the one Bulma’s father carried around with him. Except, this one was enormous and had a lot of fluff around its head.

“That’s a lion,” Vegeta said. “It thinks it’s SO tough, but I could take on at least a thousand of them in a fight!”

Tarble thought he could watch each of the animals for hours if Vegeta stopped trying to rush him.

But, over time, Tarble’s interest started to wane as it was diverted elsewhere, towards a building pressure in his midsection that was growing very heavy, very quickly. More of the coffee wanted out, and he was starting to worry.

He would especially feel weird having Trunks find out about this. It made him anxious to think about a kid learning he had bladder issues. He’d bet anything Vegeta had NEVER told his son about his own problem!

It didn’t start to get that bad until they reached the tiger enclosure, which had a large waterfall for the cats to play in— Which was kind of weird, because Tarble thought cats hated water? Tarble himself certainly wasn’t very fond of it right now, that was for sure. The sound of the rushing liquid went straight to his bladder, and his feet started to point in towards each other, his thighs tensing as he felt like a really tight belt was being placed around his waist.

His tail flicked from side to side as the noise seemed to get louder. Vegeta ushered him along even faster than usual, “Alright, there. You’ve seen one gigantic cat, you’ve seen them all. Let’s go.”

“Vegeta,” Bulma scolded. “This isn’t a race. You can slow down.”

“I—It’s fine,” Tarble said. He wanted to get away from the waterfall. His bladder kept contracting the longer he stayed near it, he could feel the walls squeezing, could feel the liquid inside it straining away against his floodgates. His tail flicked faster as he shifted from one foot to the next.

Vegeta noticed Tarble’s antsy motion and recognized it immediately for what it was— The waterfall was having the same effect on his little brother as it was having on him. Vegeta’s own bladder was cramping, like every drop of the waterfall was being contained within it. His thighs were so tense now that his legs were shaking, and his fists kept clenching and unclenching. He needed to get away from that stupid sound before this got much worse.

Vegeta found himself wanting to stand closer to Tarble, to shield him from onlookers. People WERE staring at him, and Vegeta had to remind himself that they were most likely just perplexed by the sight of Tarble’s tail. That was much more noticeable than his wriggling legs. Still, Vegeta didn’t want people watching Tarble fidget, judging him, wondering why he didn’t just use the restroom like a normal person.

Bulma groaned as Vegeta continued walking away. “Just hold on! I wanna get a picture of Trunks in front of the tigers.”

“Is that really necessary?” Vegeta asked. Bulma could be such a perfectionist when it came to taking photos. There was a high chance they were going to be here for half an hour until she got one she was actually satisfied with. Vegeta could NOT handle a long stint beside a waterfall right now! His bladder was in the midst of a fit of hysterical spasms already! He had to keep twisting at the hips to try and control them all!

“Yes,” Bulma insisted. “Don’t go anywhere.”

“Fine…” Vegeta huffed. He sat down on a nearby bench, doing so a bit too quickly. His bladder flared and he grit his teeth.

Tarble hesitated before taking the spot beside him. As soon as he was seated, he started to fan his knees in and out. His eyes remained fixed on the waterfall even though he really wanted to look away from it. His lower belly was so heavy and achy, and every few seconds he felt a little stinging twinge.

Vegeta watched as Bulma made Trunks pose. Trunks looked as annoyed by this as he felt. Vegeta bounced one of his knees, shifting back in an effort to get himself just a tiny bit more comfortable. It didn’t work. His thighs clenched and squeezed together more forcefully.

Over the next several minutes, Tarble tried to focus on Trunks instead of the waterfall, though his gaze kept being dragged towards it anyway. Every time he managed to look back at Trunks, his nephew seemed more irritated, and also kind of—

“Mom! Mom! Stop it!” Trunks blurted out, hopping all around. “I gotta go!”

Ah… So the waterfall had gotten to him, too… Tarble thought back to the humongous soda Trunks had downed and was surprised that the boy hadn’t already exploded.

“Oh,” Bulma said. “Can you hold on a couple more—“

“No!” Trunks insisted. “I can’t!”

Tarble started to get up, a small wince escaping his lips at the surge of pressure this brought down on him. Maybe… Maybe there was a chance this place had private restrooms? Like the one attached to his bedroom, and like the ones on his home planet? Nice, secluded spaces where he could lock a door and be alone? Those DID exist on Earth, so perhaps there was one like it here? He hadn’t even checked, he’d just assumed the toilets here would be unusable for him…

“I’ll take him,” Tarble said, the tip of his tail swaying so fast now that it was almost blurring.

“I don’t NEED anyone to take me,” Trunks said, folding his arms.

Bulma looked Tarble over, and he felt himself blush when he noticed how she was zeroing in on his feet. He just couldn’t stop pacing in place.

Bulma smiled, “Oh. Well, if you feel like doing that, of course you can,” she said.

“Ugh…” Trunks groaned. “I don’t need a babysitter just to go to the bathroom!” Still, he hurried off with Tarble, not wanting to wait any longer to go.

They reached the building which housed the restrooms, and Tarble could already tell from the outside that this probably wasn’t going to work. The doorways were just… Open. No actual doors on them, which meant that whatever the set-up was, it wasn’t going to be very private.

Nevertheless, when Trunks ran through one of the doorways, Tarble followed. He could at least… Try. He doubted he’d get anything out, but he’d walked all the way over here, and Bulma was expecting him to watch Trunks. He couldn’t just leave.

There were… Other people in the room. People Tarble didn’t know. People who would… Hear him…

Trunks didn’t seem to care at all about that, as he sprinted right up to one of the weird wall-toilet-thingies that this planet had for some reason.

Tarble entered one of the stalls— The one farthest from the doorway. He locked it, and was surprised by how fragile the lock felt. He remembered the comments from Vegeta about how he was getting stronger and how that was a great thing. But, Tarble didn’t enjoy feeling like he could shatter that lock with his bare hands…

He stood at the toilet, and he tried to let it out. He shut his eyes, he took steadying breaths. He even attempted a new tactic he had never used before. He recalled what Vegeta had said to him when he was learning how to make bigger chi blasts. He needed to focus on the energy deep inside of his core, feel it flowing through his body, and concentrate on making it all move in one direction, towards his palm.

He tried something similar now, he zeroed in on the tense, bloated ball of liquid in his middle, he… REALLY felt it all flowing through him, and he concentrated with all his might on making it all move in one direction, down and out.

It was even harder than controlling his chi! Why did peeing have to be more difficult than firing a big beam of light out of his hand?! That didn’t even make sense!

Yet, no matter how hard he tried, he could NOT get the fluid inside of him to budge. It just refused to move! He could hear footsteps outside, and sinks running, and toilets flushing, and it all served to remind him that he wasn’t alone in here, and that if he released his stream, everyone would hear it!

‘They’re all in here to do the same thing, though,’ Tarble thought. ’So why would they judge you for it?’ He knew that this was true, and that no one would begrudge him for peeing in a toilet— It was what they were for! But, all the logic and reason in the world could not melt the ice freezing his bladder’s gate shut, and he couldn’t go.

His tail continued to flick urgently, and he hopped gently from foot to foot, his desperation mounting as his bladder still failed to unclench.

Finally, he knew he had to zip up and just leave. Trunks had no doubt finished by now and was confused about where he was. Tarble’s hopping grew much more urgent and aggressive the instant his zipper was closed, his bladder thrashing as he walked away from the toilet without using it. That was just so frustrating! It was the thing’s own fault it was still full!

He found Trunks outside, looking bored. “Oh, there you are,” he said once Tarble was beside him.

“Uh… Yeah… Come on, let’s g—“

“Uncle Tarble…?” Trunks interrupted. The boy gave him a scrutinizing once over, and Tarble felt himself sweating. He couldn’t stop his squirming…

“… Yeah?” Tarble asked, hesitant.

“Do you have that same thing that my dad—“ Trunks slapped a hand over his mouth. “Uh, never mi—“

“I do,” Tarble admitted, surprised that apparently Vegeta HAD told Trunks about this after all. If VEGETA could inform Trunks that he had this problem, then Tarble could do the same.

***

“Can’t we go wait elsewhere?” Vegeta demanded, folding his arms and tapping his foot harshly. He glared at the waterfall as if it were gushing out tons of tiny Friezas instead of water droplets.

“No, this is where they’re gonna come to look for us, we can’t just wander off,” Bulma said.

“Trunks can sense chi, it’s not like they’ll get lost.”

“What’s the big deal, Vegeta?”

“I do NOT like that damned waterfall,” Vegeta muttered to her. “And, you already know precisely WHY I don’t like it, so let’s get AWAY from it before it drives me up a fucking wall.”

“Vegeta, do you want your capsule?” Bulma offered, ignoring his frustration completely.

“… Yes…” Vegeta said softly, staring down at his feet, unable to meet her eyes.

“You know how to get it,” Bulma said. “Just ask me.”

Vegeta remained silent. His bladder ached with another spasm, his opening burned and, as his muscles clamped, his length ignited with pain.

“All you need to say is ‘Bulma, may I please have my capsule now?’ It’s very easy to say. I’m sure you can do it.”

More silence as Vegeta continued to sit there, jiggling his knees and enduring the agony of his inner struggle. Did she honestly expect him to fucking say ‘please’ too?! It was bad enough that she was making him ask at all!

“Just ask me, and then try to use the facilities here,” Bulma said. “You do both of those things, and if you still end up needing it, the capsule is yours.”

‘If’… What the Hell did she mean ‘if’?! Of course he was still going to need it! What even was the POINT of that second step?! They both knew perfectly well that he wouldn’t be able to empty himself here.

Tarble and Trunks were back, and Vegeta instantly spotted the panic on Tarble’s flushed, red face. Was that what HE looked like every time he’d tried and failed to go? He knew that must have been what had happened to Tarble, the younger Saiyan was still swaying, still giving the waterfall pained looks, like he was wishing for it to disappear.

At least Trunks appeared fine now, thankfully. Vegeta realized he’d actually been a bit worried this time; He now had evidence that maybe this thing really WAS genetic.

Bulma stood from the bench, and Vegeta sprang up like a rubber band, dying to finally get away from the fountain. He regretted that in an instant. Shooting pains moved through his abdomen, and rather than calming down once he’d been upright for a few seconds, they just kept getting worse. A dull, thudding ache appeared in his lower back, and his jaw clenched. No, come on… Not that… Stupid Bulma making him drink so much, stupid waterfall being so noisy…

Why couldn’t Bulma just give him his damn capsule? Why did he have to say ‘please’ and ‘try’ first? She was making this more complicated than it needed to be!

Bulma turned, catching the agonized look on his face, and the way he was hesitantly touching his back and sides, like he could soothe the throbs away and prevent them from building into the torment he hated so much. “Vegeta, is there anything you’d like to ask me before we move on?”

‘Give. Me. The. Damn. Capsule,’ Vegeta thought, but he just shook his head. If he argued, Trunks and Tarble would find out about the capsule— They’d know he needed so much help pissing that Bulma had gone and built something just for THAT.

“Okay,” Bulma shrugged. “If you’re sure.”

Vegeta walked beside Tarble, keeping an eye on him just in case… Just in case Tarble got separated from him, that was it. Tarble couldn’t sense chi yet, and he was on a foreign planet, he could get lost easily, and then Vegeta would have to deal with the annoyance of finding him. He just didn’t want to go through that nonsense. That was the only reason he was so focused on Tarble’s actions now.

Tarble’s tail would NOT settle down. It was tying itself into knots, wagging frantically, the tip wriggled in all directions. Whenever they stood near something solid, Tarble smacked his tail against it harshly. His tail was performing every action that indicated a Saiyan was distressed.

The twisting of Tarble’s tail made something inside of Vegeta twist up too. His chest was cold, his stomach ached, his bladder wailed. Watching Tarble made all of his discomforts worsen, but he felt unsettled every time he looked away because—

Because… Because if Tarble got lost that would be such a hassle. Yeah.

Tarble didn’t know what to do now. He wasn’t having fun anymore. He couldn’t focus on any of the animals. All he could think about was peeing, and how badly he had to do it, and how frightened he was that he couldn’t. It was scary to need something so urgently only to have his own body keep it from him. Especially when it started to get painful, which it certainly was now.

A few times, during training, Vegeta had socked him hard in the stomach. Right now, his bladder was making his middle hurt in exactly the same way. The stretched out feeling inside of him was starting to become nauseating. He was so full of coffee and water, and he couldn’t get rid of any of it!

His panic kept building too, the worst part of this was he had no clue when or how he might be able to end it. He couldn’t use the toilet here, and he didn’t know if there were any OTHER toilets nearby that might be easier for him. As far as he could tell, he was going to have to endure this until he got back to Vegeta’s home and had locked himself into his private restroom.

Remembering how long they had been driving for to get here, he wasn’t sure if he would be able to handle the trip back, even if they left right now. Besides that, he felt the same way he had during his trip with Gure; He didn’t want to make everyone ELSE leave early just because his bladder was aching and he couldn’t soothe its pangs here.

Vegeta… Tarble knew he’d had tons of experience with getting desperate in public places and needing to find a way to fix it. Maybe Vegeta could just tell him what to do, and then no one else would need to find out?

Nervously, he gripped Vegeta’s arm, and was surprised when this seemed to startle his brother. Vegeta could sense people’s energy, so shouldn’t he have noticed Tarble was getting closer to him?

Apparently not. Vegeta stumbled for a second, inhaling sharply as several twitches went up his back. Then, his face went flush with embarrassment— Doubtless mortified that he’d reacted so strongly. “What?” Vegeta asked sharply, even more frustration in his voice than what Tarble was used to.

“I’m sorry,” Tarble whispered. “I hadn’t meant to scare y—“

“You didn’t!” Vegeta snapped. “What do you want?!”

Tarble shrank back. Vegeta was frustrated with him, so it was a bad time to ask for help…

“Out with it.”

“I… I need to… I have to go desperately, and I don’t know what to do. We are far from home…” Tarble tensed his thighs up, his knees grinding together, as if he needed to emphasize his point to his brother.

He expected Vegeta to instantly soften in that confusing way he normally did when he figured out that Tarble needed to pee. Not this time. This time, his brow creased more and his jaw set tensely. Wow, he was really mad about being startled…

“I…” Vegeta was unsure what to say. Tarble was clearly in a bad state— And Vegeta wasn’t doing much better himself. His bladder was bubbling and frothing, its walls being scorched, and the twinges in his back worsening with every throb. It was taking so much out of him just to walk in a straight line, and every time their group stopped, he pushed his thighs together and hopped as subtly as he could manage it.

When he finally managed to reply, he was surprised by what came out of his mouth; “I know, Tarble. I’m struggling with that as well,” he whispered.

He’d just… Said it. Just like that. He’d told someone else that he needed to pee, and he’d done it without stumbling all over his words.

Tarble frowned at him, and Vegeta felt his face burning. He knew Tarble was… Worried about him now, and it made him feel like he had a spotlight on him— Like everyone here was now aware of his predicament too. “Wha— What do we do? Does your back hurt?”

“Shhh!” Vegeta hissed sharply. “It does, but not that bad yet.” Wow… It was SO much easier to talk about this with Tarble… The words just came out automatically.

Tarble shifted his weight, he looked up at Vegeta with pleading eyes as his tail moved to press between his legs.

Vegeta flinched at that… His brother’s situation was getting REALLY bad if he was holding himself— Even if it was just with his tail.

“Is there somewhere nearby with more privacy?” Tarble asked finally. “So we can—“

“I doubt that. Earth’s public facilities are the worst out of any planet I have ever been to,” Vegeta gripped his hands into fists, then held them firmly behind his back. His bladder was thrashing, he had a very strong desire to grab himself. But, with his tail being gone, he had no way to do that without being completely obvious. His hands needed to stay behind his back so that they wouldn’t move on their own accord.

Tarble looked more panicked, “Wh—What do you do when—“

“I fly home,” Vegeta listed. “Or if Ka— If— If a certain person is around, I have them teleport me home. Or sometimes—“ He bit down hard. He may have been able to share more with Tarble than he could with most people, but he still would rather die than inform anybody that he had his rival cheer him on until he finally managed to piss.

“I d—don’t think I can fly h—home,” Tarble’s voice was getting higher every time he spoke, his motions becoming more urgent.

Tarble hadn’t flown long distances before. It would be unwise for his first attempt to include a bursting bladder.

That left…

That just left the capsule, as much as Vegeta wanted to keep its existence a secret. He continued to be stunned by the ease with which he could discuss this matter with Tarble, as he only hesitated for a few seconds before getting it over with; “You know those capsules people on this planet use? Bulma has… Created one with private facilities…”

Vegeta saw Tarble’s shoulders instantly slacken. The relief the younger Saiyan felt at that news was obvious. His tail even slowed down for a second. “Should I ask her for it?”

Vegeta groaned. He wasn’t sure if Bulma would relinquish the thing if Tarble was the one to request it. She was so insistent on forcing Vegeta to do it himself. “She wants me to be the one to ask for it.”

“Why?”

“Because she’s irritating.”

“Can you get it then, please?” Tarble’s tail was starting to coil itself around his fidgeting legs now. He REALLY needed that capsule…

And, so did Vegeta. The dull ache in his back was starting to sharpen, jabbing into him now and heating up. Once he HAD the capsule, he wasn’t going to be able to open it here. There wouldn’t be enough room, and he wasn’t sure how obvious its contents would be. He didn’t want to make use of it when people were around. Which meant he’d have to be able to fly at least a short distance in order to find a proper place.

If he held it too much longer, he might not be able to do that. He’d be screwed. Tarble would be screwed.

He forced himself forwards and tapped Bulma’s shoulder.

Bulma turned to him expectantly, “Yes, Vegeta? Is there something you want to say to me?”

“Bulma… I… You… You give me that capsule! Now!”

“Vegeta…”

Vegeta growled out the most annoyed sounding “Please” that Bulma had ever heard.

“Oh, certainly,” Bulma said. Then, before Vegeta could let the relieved breath out of his lungs, she added; “Right after you try to go here.”

“Woman, that is POINTLESS. You and I BOTH know that!” Vegeta twisted his hips, his feet started to move on their own volition again. Ugh, please don’t let anyone notice… “Just hand it over…” forcing his voice down as low as he could get it, he whispered; “You know that I still need to be able to fly to an open space once I have it…”

“Well, then I guess you’d better hurry up and try!”

Absolutely fucking brutal… “I—It’s not even JUST for me,” Vegeta said, still trying to speak softly. “Tarble needs it as well.”

“Oh wow, Vegeta. That means you DEFINITELY need to try right away! Your little brother’s counting on you!”

“D—Dammit, just—“ Vegeta’s back cramped again, he straightened up, but that made it worse. He bent forwards, and THAT also made it worse! Why couldn’t he ever fucking win?! “Just give it—“

“Try first. Just TRY,” Bulma said. “You’ve done it before. You can do it agai—“

Vegeta felt Tarble tug his arm once more. “V—Vegeta? D—Did she forget it at home?”

Tarble’s eyes were watering, and… Fuck, why did it hurt Vegeta so badly to see that?! The twisting in his chest was as bad as the burning in his back!

“FINE!” Vegeta shouted. “I’ll try!” He spun on his heels, lifting himself onto the tips of his toes, which for some reason soothed some of the raging waters inside of him. “Where’s a—“

“That way,” Bulma pointed off towards a small building, and Vegeta started to begrudgingly drag himself in that direction.

Once he had reached the doorway to the restroom, he froze there, his thighs grinding together as chills slammed through him. Every muscle he had seemed to start twitching. The room was… So crowded… Complete with little kids that wouldn’t shut the Hell up. His throat tightened as he just stood in place, his knees rubbing urgently. The sweat dribbling down his back dropped several degrees.

The only reason he managed to push himself forwards and into a stall was because he’d looked down at himself and noticed how much his legs were wriggling. Doing that right outside of a bathroom was the most humiliating, most blatant thing possible. At least in the stall, he’d have a bit of privacy to writhe, as he was under NO illusion that he would actually be able to piss here.

The lock on the stall door had to be the flimsiest one he had ever touched. He started to shakily drag it into place as carefully as he could, and before he’d managed that, his chest and throat started to constrict as if he were being strangled to death. He couldn’t breathe, and his hearing was muffled by the sudden rush of blood in his ears. But, before that, he had been able to make out the distinct sound of something snapping.

He opened his hand, and a piece of the lock fell to the floor.

FUCK. Dammit, dammit, dammit! He had been SO careful! He’d been as gentle with that thing as he was capable of! And he’d STILL rendered it useless! Fuck, fuck… What should he do? He couldn’t even TRY to go here now! And Tarble was waiting on him to get back.

He’d probably been in here long enough for Bulma to think he’d tried, hadn’t he? He should just leave.

But first… He held the door shut with one of his hands and used the other to give himself a long overdue squeeze. Ahhh… That was better. He savored the sense of relief this granted him. His exhausted, overworked holding muscles finally got a tiny break from the pressure weighing down upon them. He winced, barely biting back a moan as he allowed his legs to cross tightly, hand still wedged firmly between them. He couldn’t pee, but he at least had a bit of freedom to squirm now.

He kept himself facing the door, so that he didn’t look at the toilet. His bladder would go into hysterics at the sight of it, in spite of how unusable it was. But, while he was able to remove the visual torments, the auditory ones were still present. Toilets flushing, sinks running, streams flowing… All of it was torture. A brutal stab to his bladder, and a constant reminder that all of these weakling humans could EASILY accomplish a task that the prince of a fucking warrior race couldn’t manage.

His face was heating up as the weight of the shame made his bladder pulse all the more viciously. His hand wasn’t helping to soothe it as much anymore, and the ache in his back was starting to—

“Ffff—Ah!” Vegeta bit down hard, cutting the agonized shout short, though he was sure someone out there had heard him. His eyes burned, his lower back was being engulfed in boiling acid… Ah, why couldn’t he just get USED to this horrible feeling?! He experienced it often enough that he shouldn’t feel the need to yelp every time it happened anymore!

It wasn’t calming down, either— It never fucking calmed down once it started, it just got worse and worse, and then his body would begin to crumble. He wouldn’t be able to control his chi, or fly, or—

He NEEDED to be able to fly. Tarble was COUNTING on him to fly so that they could use the capsule.

Yanking his hand away from his crotch so quickly that his bladder let out a panicked drip at the loss of pressure, Vegeta fled from the stall and out of the restroom as fast as he could. Running was Hell. Every step felt like an ice pick being driven into his bladder. The acid in his back felt so damn hot, hundreds of degrees, molten lava coursing through him. He just had to get that capsule and get himself into the air before that ceased being an option.

What if Tarble needed to go so bad that HE couldn’t fly, though?

Then… Then Vegeta would have to SOMEHOW find it in himself to carry him.

***

As Tarble waited for Vegeta to get back, he couldn’t stop shifting. He wasn’t doing much to hide his desperation anymore, he was scared to uncross his legs, because the last time he’d tried that he’d felt volts of static and pain moving up his length, clobbering the overstuffed balloon of his bladder.

Trunks was watching him wriggle, and that was making him blush immensely. But, the surprising thing was that the boy wasn’t giggling at him, like he would have expected. If anything, Trunks actually looked worried!

So did Bulma. “Tarble, is it that bad?” She asked. “Maybe I should have just given—“

Vegeta, partially doubled over, stumbled up to them. “Capsule. Now,” he commanded, looking winded and breathless.

Bulma finally handed it over to him.

“Tarble, come on,” Vegeta instructed, a look of pure, unbridled agony overtaking his features as he began to take flight.

Oh… Oh… Yeah… Tarble was going to need to fly a little bit… Until they found a good area to open the capsule…

Seeing how much lifting off the ground had hurt his much stronger older brother, Tarble was fearful of what it was going to do him. What if it turned out that he COULDN’T do it at all?! Then what would they do?!

Tarble focused as hard as he could and, thankfully, felt his feet starting to lift. It was trickier than usual, but he was getting himself into the air, following his brother. He had never flown with a full bladder before, and he was dismayed by how much the wind resistance was battering his abdomen, making it contract and squeeze.

It was so hard to keep his legs straight like he was supposed to, they kept wanting to tangle together instead. He ultimately ended up wrapping his tail around them again. This helped keep them in the right position, and made them squeeze together more tightly, pinching himself closed.

His hands badly wanted to go to his crotch. Now that he was in the sky, the only person who would notice him grabbing himself would be his brother and, curiously, he didn’t think he’d mind that as much as if a stranger saw it happen. He managed a few short squeezes without slowing himself down too much and getting separated from his brother.

Then again, part of that was because Vegeta was flying really slowly too.

Vegeta was having a great deal of trouble himself. Flying after his back pain had ignited was a nauseating, dizzying affair. His stomach lurched with each brutal throb from his bladder, and his gaze remained fixed on the ground below. He was dying to land at the first decent area he spotted.

It felt like his back was being torn in two, the area where his kidneys resided felt like a huge, gaping wound being filled up with salt. His eyes were watering like crazy, his lip was trembling, and it was taking everything he had not to shout as the pain continued to increase so rapidly. He clutched onto the capsule in his hand like it was the only thing keeping him alive.

Finally, he spotted a small, empty clearing far from any roads. That would have to do. It was the only place he could see that might work, and he couldn’t endure— His younger brother couldn’t endure much more flying in these conditions. “We are landing now, Tarble, right over there,” Vegeta pointed a shaking finger downwards.

Tarble was so relieved as he descended after Vegeta. He was proud of himself, too! He’d managed to stay in the air all that time even though he felt like he was going to explode. He’d actually done it! Vegeta was right about him getting stronger— If he’d tried to do that a few weeks ago, he probably would have gone into cardiac arrest or something.

His pride in himself was replaced by immense worry for his older brother once they had actually landed. As Tarble’s feet hit the ground, he felt pressure slamming into him on all sides, his bladder surging violently and a sharp thrum appearing in his back. The sensation frightened him, as he knew what it could turn into, but he quickly forgot about that when he saw Vegeta.

Tarble wasn’t sure what had gone wrong, maybe Vegeta had landed too hard, or at the wrong angle, but now he was folded over on himself, and one of his hands was gripping his crotch— Tarble hadn’t thought Vegeta would EVER allow that kind of behavior from himself, he must have been really hurting…

Obviously he was. Vegeta was actually retching a bit, and Tarble was afraid he was about to throw up.

Vegeta was afraid of the same thing. It wouldn’t be the first time he’d needed to piss so bad that he’d become physically ill from it. Thankfully, after a few more dry heaves, the sensation faded. “Okay…” he said. “Okay…”

Tarble didn’t think Vegeta looked very okay… It was… Unsettling to watch his strong older brother come so undone like this. Tarble shuddered to think how much pain he must have been in. His own bladder hurt really bad, heat pumping against his opening, stinging and trying to come out as his body continually forced it back.

Vegeta must have been feeling all of that and more. He must have been experiencing those horrific kidney spasms.

Vegeta tossed the capsule and a small, nondescript building appeared. Narrow, with just a door, no windows. Nothing on the outside that indicated what it was. Vegeta’s bladder knew, though. And it cramped harder than ever, forcing him to push his other hand against his groin as he wriggled his legs.

Neither of them moved for a second. Vegeta REALLY wanted to take the first turn. His back was being fucking obliterated, and every second it was getting worse, every second felt like an hour of torture. He NEEDED to free himself from it.

But, Tarble had to go badly as well. Vegeta was the older one, he was the stronger one, he should wait. Besides, he couldn’t EVER ask for Tarble to wait for him like that. It would be an admission that he didn’t think he could hang on long enough for him to go! And, Vegeta COULD hang on! Of course he could! It would just hurt extremely badly, and he was USED to pain, he was used to—

The nausea returned, his cold sweat became a cold shower, and he leaked. A stuttering trickle that was agonizing to clench off, and was followed by two more painful spurts, and—

“T—Tarble?!” Vegeta said as his younger brother finally started to limp his way to the door of the small structure.

Tarble looked back with immense concern. He’d been wanting to let Vegeta go first, since he seemed to be so miserable, but when he’d just stood there and waited, Tarble decided to go ahead and pee. It was hard to look at Vegeta right now. He was trembling from head to toe, and his eyes were actually tearing up… Tarble knew it was a reaction to all the strain he was under, but it still disturbed him to see Vegeta almost crying.

Vegeta squeezed his eyes closed. He couldn’t… He couldn’t ever ask for— He couldn’t admit that he was about to— He couldn’t, he couldn’t…

But, with Tarble, he COULD.

“C—Can I go first?” Vegeta rushed out, his heart thundering and shock overtaking him, utterly amazed by his own words.

Tarble stopped, his bladder cramped up, and his tail moved between his legs again. He’d intended to let Vegeta go first to begin with, but now his body was protesting the idea. However, the amount of torment Vegeta must have been experiencing to even ASK him that… “Y—Yes…” Tarble said. “I c—can hold on a few more minutes.”

Vegeta rushed to the door as quickly as he was able to. Which, granted, wasn’t very fast at this point. He opened it and stepped inside. The first thing he did was lock the door. The lock here actually felt STABLE. He would still need to be careful with it with HIS strength, but it wasn’t going to shatter from even his most gentle touches like the one earlier had.

The interior was just as simple as the exterior. There were only two things of note. The first was the water feature above the toilet, a wall fountain with a sheet of liquid trickling down it. The second was the fan in the ceiling, which came to life as soon as he’d flicked on the light. The fan was loud, a constant whirr. It was SO loud that…

That no one would be able to hear ANYTHING that happened in here. There was zero chance of someone overhearing Vegeta pee. He had COMPLETE privacy, and—

And, that was all that his bladder required, so he started to let go of a thin trickle. Ah, no! Not yet! Dammit! He frantically got himself in front of the toilet, and bounced on his heels as he yanked down his zipper.

A rarity for him, he was already peeing as he aimed. He didn’t have to work to get the stream started… Granted, that was only because he’d already started leaking before he’d gotten his clothes out of the way…

He wasn’t peeing full force by any means, it was still a slow, stinging dribble, but he’d spent the last several hours dying to get ANYTHING out so he was grateful even for this much.

The sink was situated directly beside the toilet, so he didn’t have to reach far to turn it on. As water sprayed into the basin, splattering and hissing away, Vegeta felt the slight shift in his body before his valve finally sprang open completely, and his flood was being released with the force of a geyser.

It felt incredible, the pain in his back dwindling away and the slow compression as his bladder shrank back down to its proper size. He even allowed himself a satisfied sigh, as he knew Tarble wouldn’t hear it overtop of the fan.

Tarble… Right, Vegeta had to finish this up so that Tarble could go. He hesitantly pushed down on his abdominal muscles, wary that this might have the opposite effect and make him clamp back up again.

Thankfully, it didn’t, he only continued to void much more strongly than before.

He finished a little faster than usual as a result, but it was still longer than he could recall ever hearing anyone else go for. His midsection felt so light and loose now that it was hard to get moving again. And, he would have preferred to look himself over in the mirror, just in case his desperation had caused him to look too disheveled, however he thought he’d already kept Tarble waiting long enough.

He stumbled outside, his legs feeling like jelly now that he’d rid himself of so much agonizing restraint.

Tarble was right beside the door, his eyes clamped shut, his lip raw and bitten, and his hands and tail all pressed between VERY tightly crossed legs. Sweat ran down his face in sheets.

Vegeta had DEFINITELY kept him waiting long enough.

“Tarble?” Vegeta said, realizing Tarble was so caught up in his desperation that he hadn’t realized the bathroom was free yet.

Tarble’s eyes snapped back open, he looked at Vegeta, then at the open door, and rushed through it without a single word.

Tarble locked the door quickly and dashed in front of the toilet. In a flurry of motion, he unzipped himself while hopping in place. He aimed just in time for his dam to finally crumble and let the roaring tide of his bladder slosh forth. “Ahhh…” he sighed, his tail now wagging much more slowly, almost lazy. It was displaying nothing but pure satisfaction, because that was all Tarble could feel in that moment.

Thank goodness Bulma had made this capsule. Tarble may have exploded otherwise… Vegeta, too. He’d REALLY needed to go first, Tarble hadn’t even minded waiting the extra few minutes that it took for his brother to escape from his pain.

As he continued to gush, Tarble found himself thinking about his trip with Gure, and how big of a disaster it had been all because he hadn’t had any decent privacy. That was the first and last time they’d gone on a long trip off of their planet. Any other time they left, they returned home quickly. Tarble knew precisely why that was; It was his fault. He couldn’t take Gure on big trips because he couldn’t know ahead of time how hard it would be to relieve himself during them.

But, if he’d had a capsule like this, and could grant himself privacy in an emergency…

Surely Bulma could make a second one for Tarble to take home with him.

It took Tarble three full minutes to finish, and then he felt wobbly. He felt like he’d just lost several pounds, the boulder that had been weighing him down all day was finally gone. And, he HOPED all of the coffee had finished going through his system now, and that he wouldn’t need to pee again until he was back at his brother’s home.

He stepped out of the restroom to find Vegeta waiting for him. His brother’s brows were furrowed with worry, but he quickly forced the look off of his face once he realized Tarble was looking at him.

“I’m okay now, Vegeta,” Tarble said.

“Yeah, whatever,” Vegeta shrugged.

Tarble tried not to laugh. He restrained it to a snort, which he pretended was just a sneeze. “Oh, there is… More pollen on Earth than there is on my planet…”

“… Listen, Tarble… About that… ‘request’ I made; That never happened. Got it?”

“Uh, you mean how you asked to go f—“

“It never happened,” Vegeta repeated.

“… Whatever you say, Vegeta.”

*006*2024-11-23 02:01

Written for the Omovember prompt "Sick Omo".

***

Tarble’s body was not used to a lot of the things it was forced to contend with during the last several weeks he’d been with Vegeta. Tarble was not used to getting up at the crack of dawn. Tarble was not used to being subjected to several times Earth’s gravity. Tarble was not used to having each and every muscle worked to the limit. Tarble was not used to being punched every single day.

But, the thing was, he had at least EXPECTED most of that. He had known that Vegeta would be unbelievably tough on him. He had been prepared to get hit a lot, and to be sore and tired all the time. He had anticipated it from the moment he’d decided to ask his brother to train him.

But, there was something ELSE that his body wasn’t used to, and it was something he hadn’t even thought about when getting ready for this trip.

Tarble wasn’t used to the germs that existed on Earth. His immune system had never encountered them, and didn’t know how to fend them off.

For the first few weeks, that hadn’t been a problem. He’d stayed inside and, surprisingly, Vegeta WAS a bit diligent about cleaning the gravity room after each use. Tarble barely ever left the living area of Capsule Corp, so he only interacted with Vegeta and his family, all of whom had been perfectly healthy the whole time.

The day after the zoo trip— The first time he had gone outside, the first time he’d been around large swaths of people— Tarble woke up feeling absolutely awful. He couldn’t breathe through his clogged nose, but when he opened his mouth, he became aware of an awful pain in his throat. He started to cough, which ignited the worst migraine Tarble had ever experienced and caused his stomach to roll.

Tarble quickly clasped his hands over his mouth and felt a rush of blood in his ears. He hoped he wasn’t about to throw up. He hated throwing up! The nausea subsided, but was replaced by chills. His body twitched and shuddered uncontrollably yet, paradoxically, he was sweating as much as he did during Vegeta’s training sessions.

Ugh… Vegeta’s training sessions…

Tarble turned to look at the clock on his nightstand. He didn’t have much time left to get to the gravity room and, obviously, he was going to need even more coffee than usual to wake himself up today. He had to get moving.

His body revolted against him as soon as he was on his feet. The room around him spun so quickly that he felt the lurching twitches in his belly again. ‘Please, don’t let me throw up…’

He managed a couple steps away from his bed, then there was a slosh of warmth between his legs. Ah, no! He hadn’t even noticed that he needed to pee! All of his other discomforts had thoroughly outweighed that one, but of COURSE he had to go. He always had to go right away when he woke up!

He stumbled as quickly as he could into the restroom. His stomach protested each step, and so did his bladder, continuing to send little droplets down his legs as he struggled up to the toilet. He lowered his pants and aimed— Or at least tried to. His vision was still twisting around, he was seeing triple. He couldn’t even tell which of the three toilets in front of him was the real one.

He gave up and just sat down instead, releasing an immense stream that SHOULD have made him feel worlds better, but didn’t. His stomach was still gurgling and frothing, his throat was still constricting, he still couldn’t really breathe, and his migraine was somehow getting worse. It was like his head was being clobbered with hammers on every side.

His eyelids started to droop as his release reached its end. What he wouldn’t give to just lay down and go back to sleep… Alas, Vegeta would be furious if he even tried. He stood and pulled his pants back up, once more being inundated by waves of nausea, his body flashing hot and cold. He shivered, his body shaking uncontrollably, even though he didn’t feel the least bit cold. There were spasms happening everywhere in his body, and he JUST wanted to curl up and plead for it all to stop.

No, he had to get dressed. He had to go drink some coffee. He had to get to the gravity room before Vegeta did.

He made it out of the bathroom, but as soon as he saw the bed, he couldn’t stop himself from collapsing into it.

Tarble had never been this sick before.

***

Vegeta paced in circles around the gravity chamber as his impatience built at a lightning speed. Where the Hell was that little runt? He had NEVER been this damned late before! This was unacceptable! What was he even thinking?! He knew there were consequences for even being one MINUTE late, and now Vegeta had been waiting on him for almost an hour!

Vegeta had had more than enough of this. He was going to find Tarble and make him regret this— NO ONE made the prince of all Saiyans wait.

The first place he checked was Tarble’s room. Vegeta considered MAYBE giving him a little slack if the issue was just that his alarm hadn’t gone off. He wouldn’t be TOO forgiving, and he’d still force Tarble to spend today’s session with his arms behind his back as penance, but he’d be slightly less pissed off if this had been outside of Tarble’s control.

Vegeta yanked the door open, and sure enough, there was a lump beneath the bedsheets. Tarble was sleeping the day away, rather than letting his brother run him ragged. Turning to the nightstand, Vegeta saw that the alarm clock was still functional. Tarble was just sleeping in. The nerve.

Not wasting another second, Vegeta unceremoniously yanked the bedsheet off of Tarble, shouting; “Get your ass up! You don’t get stronger in your sleep!”

His only response was a moan as Tarble shook. Obviously, he was chilly after having his sheet ripped away from him. “Get up!” Vegeta repeated. “I won’t be asking you again! If you’re not on your feet in five seconds, I’m pulling y—“

“V—Vegeta…” Tarble croaked out, holding his stomach, and continuing to twitch. “Brother…”

“Don’t you ‘Brother’ me!” Vegeta commanded. “I am NOT pleased with you today! You—“ Vegeta stopped, noticing something else; Tarble’s tail. It was laying limply on the bed, and its color had faded to a much duller brown.

The fur of a Saiyan’s tail only changed tint like that if the Saiyan was extremely ill.

Vegeta’s own had done that plenty of times back when he’d still had it, and he’d been forced to fluff it up with his hands to make it look more alive. Back then, appearing sick was one of the worst things Vegeta could do. Frieza’s punishment for anyone being too sick to fight was execution, as the soldier no longer served a purpose to him.

So, Vegeta had always made his tail puff up when he was sick, to disguise the dull coloration. He’d pinch his cheeks to force blood to flow into them and hide any paleness. He’d stifle his sneezes so they weren’t heard. He’d hold in his coughs and mask them by clearing his throat. If his sickness caused him to vomit, he’d clamp his jaw and force himself to swallow it back down over and over until he could finally retch somewhere that he wouldn’t be seen. It was one of the most disgusting things he’d ever had to do.

And, he’d continue to fight. No matter how awful he felt. He refused to have Frieza kill him over a flu.

He tried to continue the same habits now, training even when he was extremely unwell. Bulma had to work extremely hard to get him to stay in bed and rest.

Tarble clearly didn’t have this problem. He was sick, and he was trying to sleep it off. By avoiding Vegeta’s training regimen… “Tarble,” he said. “Even if you’re sick, we can’t waste an entire day. Get up.”

This was the sort of thing Vegeta always told himself when he’d come down with something. Especially under Frieza; ‘Get your ass up, Vegeta. If you let this defeat you, you’d be pathetic. Frieza would be right to slaughter you.’

Tarble simply moaned again, he crawled out of bed, then remained doubled over on himself as he swayed. He leaned against Vegeta and almost looked like he was going to fall back asleep in that position.

“Tarble, no,” Vegeta told him firmly. “Stand on your own. You can do this.”

“Can’t… Can’t…” Tarble murmured. “Brother…” His voice cracked, phlegmy and awkward.

Something about the way he’d said that word this time, it… Picked at something in the back of Vegeta’s mind.

Vegeta shook his head. “Tarble…? Come on. I’d train while sick every time if the woman allowed it.”

“Can’t…” Tarble whimpered.

Vegeta groaned. He gestured to the bed. “Fine… You can have a BIT more rest today,” he said, then turned and quickly left the room before he could see Tarble’s face again. He stormed down the various halls until he came upon the correct laboratory. Then, he slammed the door open loudly and shouted; “WOMAN!”

Bulma shut her eyes tightly, rubbing the bridge of her nose before taking a deep breath. “Hello, Vegeta…” she muttered. “I’m kind of in the middle of someth—“

“Tarble has contracted a disease,” Vegeta stated. “Go deal with it.”

“In case you haven’t noticed, I’m working,” Bulma gestured to the table of notes and schematics in front of her. “If Tarble needs someone to look after him, I’m sure his big brother can handle it.”

Vegeta stared back at her, almost uncomprehending. “You… You mean… You mean you want ME to do it?!”

“Yes, Vegeta,” Bulma sighed out. “I’m busy, and Tarble’s YOUR brother.”

“But… But, I don’t even know what to do!” Vegeta fumed, aghast that she was even DARING to pawn this task off on him. He had NO clue what he was meant to do in this situation, he only knew that he SHOULDN’T behave like Frieza always had.

But ‘Don’t execute Tarble for being sick’ wasn’t much of a to-do list.

“I’ve taken care of YOU before— As impossible of a task as you always make that for me— And you’ve seen me tend to Trunks. Just do THAT.”

“You mean I need to sit beside him all day and endlessly coddle him?!”

“… I wouldn’t say it like that, but yes. Stay right there with him until he’s feeling better, and get him whatever he needs. Don’t leave him alone in case it suddenly gets worse. It’s not that hard!”

Vegeta grumbled to himself as he left the room, begrudgingly returning to Tarble’s. Fine… He’d sit with the runt all day, and bring him foul tasting medicine, because that was usually what Bulma did to him. He would NOT stroke Tarble’s hair and keep endlessly asking him how he was feeling, though. That sort of thing was beyond the scope of his abilities.

Ugh, it was going to be so boring, though. Stuck… Sitting around all day. It wasn’t fair. HE wasn’t even the one who was sick!

Vegeta forced himself to sit down on the bed next to Tarble. “The woman says I have to look after you,” he grouched.

“I’m sorry,” Tarble rasped out. “I promise I won’t be too much troub—“ He broke off, a hand went over his mouth and his eyes went wide.

“What are y—“

Tarble leaped out of bed and sprinted into the bathroom. The sound of retching reached Vegeta’s ears, followed by Tarble crying. Crying over being sick… Tarble was a Saiyan for fuck’s sake…

But, the noise prodded at Vegeta’s mind again, just like his whimpering whisper of “Brother” had earlier… Vegeta squeezed his eyes closed. What was happening to him? Why did he feel so heavy all of the sudden? It was like he actually WAS in the gravity room, the machine turned up as far as it would go!

“T—Tarble? Are you alright?” The words were out before Vegeta could stop them.

The toilet flushed, and Tarble slowly made his way back into the bed. He flopped down, and rested against Vegeta again.

Vegeta’s first instinct was to shake him off. It was bad enough he had to take care of his little brother, he didn’t need all this touchy-feely nonsense on top of it.

But, he found that he couldn’t do it. Tarble was tiny and weighed almost nothing, but Vegeta couldn’t lift his arm enough to force him away.

“I h—hate throwing up…” Tarble whimpered, tears continuing to flow.

“Everyone does,” Vegeta huffed with a roll of his eyes. “You don’t have to cry about it.”

“I can’t help it…”

“Ugh…” Vegeta shook his head. He was going to spend an entire DAY like this, wasn’t he? Maybe even two if Tarble wasn’t better in the morning. A whole day, with his little brother clinging to him and bursting into tears over a stomach ache.

As Tarble tightened his grip on Vegeta’s arm, Vegeta became aware of a worsening urge to pee. Dammit… He should have expected this. Since he’d THOUGHT he’d be getting to train all day, he’d obeyed Bulma’s stupid hydration protocol. He’d finished HALF of his daily water requirement, believing that he’d be sweating the majority of it out through the day.

Spending that whole time sitting down with his brother meant that most of it would instead be flowing into his bladder. He was going to have to get up and walk all the way to his room an annoying number of times today, thanks to his bladder being such an obnoxious asshole that he COULDN’T just use the toilet adjacent to this room. Oh no, it had to force him to walk back and forth across the house over and ove—

Hold on.

Bulma had specified that Vegeta needed to stay right here with Tarble until the latter felt well again. She had instructed him NOT to leave Tarble by himself.

Which meant that Vegeta couldn’t actually get up and head to his room.

Which meant that he couldn’t relieve himself any time soon… Not until Tarble felt better or, at least, not until Bulma got here and could take over for him.

The sudden knowledge that he COULDN’T pee, as always, made Vegeta’s finicky and much too suggestible bladder spasm a little more insistently. He tensed his thighs to quell it, all too aware of how close Tarble was to him, how he’d feel all of his movement.

“I’ve never been so sick before…” Tarble whined into his older brother’s shoulder. “Why’d this happen?”

“Earth has many diseases your body has never encountered before,” Vegeta rattled off, the same explanation Bulma had given to HIM when he’d first started living here and had ended up catching practically everything. “That means you are more susceptible.”

“Did you get sick a lot too?”

“I did,” Vegeta said, thankful for at least some distraction from his building need. “It got better after a while, my body got used to it, and I took shots for some of the diseases. Which was annoying. Since I didn’t grow up here, I had to get a ton of shots at once.”

“Shots? Like… Needles?” Tarble asked. There was some fear present in his voice, and it made Vegeta smirk, which earned him a glare from his younger brother.

“If you end up getting them, I PROMISE you won’t handle it as poorly as Kakarot did,” Vegeta assured. He was holding back a laugh now, but it was SO hard. His bladder would punish him thoroughly if he let go of the hysterical laughter this story usually invoked from him. He just wished he could have been there to watch…

Tarble was nestling himself even closer to Vegeta now, and Vegeta still couldn’t make himself shove him away. “What did Kakarot do?”

Vegeta bit his lower lip, picturing it. He hadn’t been present for the incident, but just the mental image was usually enough to make his sides split. If he didn’t control himself, he’d cause his bladder to split instead. “Kakarot was raised in the woods. He never visited the doctor or got any shots. He visited Bulma in the city at some point, and her parents insisted that she take him and make sure he was healthy.”

Vegeta couldn’t stop picturing it. His chest tightened, he nearly lost it. “Bulma says the doctor was mostly just confused by Kakarot. First kid he’d seen with a tail, and when he tried to test his reflexes, Kakarot thought he was being challenged to a fight.” Even THAT was making Vegeta want to laugh, and he hadn’t even gotten to the funniest part yet. “Heh… Heh—“ His bladder throbbed. ‘Don’t laugh’.

“But, then he had to get caught up on his shots. So, I’m not sure how many they had to give him, I know it was a lot, and I know he had a complete meltdown. I’m sure you’ve noticed that Saiyan skin is a bit harder to penetrate than that of other species, so I’m sure the doctor had to press quite firmly to even get the needle into him. The SECOND it’s pierced his skin, he’s screaming at such a high pitch Bulma says she felt like her ear-drums were going to burst.

“It’s over after just a second, of course. But, then the doctor readies the second shot, and all Hell breaks loose. He’s kicking and flailing, and trying to launch chi blasts. So, they’ve got to restrain him,” Vegeta’s breath hitched, his mirth bubbling. Fuck, the mental image of a tiny Kakarot going ballistic in a doctor’s office because somehow a NEEDLE was just THAT painful to him. He laughed slightly, and then he couldn’t stop, even as his bladder cramped forcefully and begged him to cut it out.

“Hahaha, but— But restraining Kakarot is— Haha— It’s no easy task!” The walls of his bladder contracted and squeezed. He put a hand over his lower belly, which only made it hurt that much worse. He grimaced, but continued to laugh. “Fortunately, he still had his tail. So— So Bulma had to grip onto it just to get him to stop thrashing long enough for the doctor to finish. So, basically, if you don’t act like THAT, you’ll be fine getting your shots.”

“I feel bad for Kakarot…” Tarble said limply, starting to rest more into Vegeta’s lap.

Vegeta scooted away. He did NOT need any weight sitting there right now. Even if Tarble WAS incredibly light. “Don’t,” he said, realizing that he meant the command in two ways. “Kakarot doesn’t deserve pity for acting like a fool over a little needle. You know what happens now? Now, every time Kakarot needs to visit the doctor, Chi-Chi has to call Piccolo and I.”

“Why?”

“Because it takes BOTH of us to hold his arms behind his back so that he can’t use Instant Transmission and escape. That’s far less humorous.”

“Because you’re sorry about forcing him to get his shots?”

“No, because it’s a waste of my damn time,” Vegeta disagreed. “Having to look after that clown so that he doesn’t get sick, and— Uh…” Fuck, Tarble’s lip was trembling again. Vegeta had only JUST managed to cheer him up a little after the vomiting.

Why did he CARE, though?! Why did he care if Tarble wanted to whimper and cry because he didn’t feel good? Tarble was an adult— Trunks didn’t even get this weepy and clingy when he was ill.

“How… Are you feeling?” Vegeta asked. He flinched when Tarble tried to sit in his lap again. This time, he succeeded, and Vegeta’s bladder was forced to contend with the extra pressure. His legs wriggled about beneath the covers in an effort to fend off a rather insistent twinge.

All too aware that Tarble could definitely FEEL his restless motion, Vegeta forced it to come to a stop. The stillness made the pressure inside of him flare, and not in waves, either. It was just consistently getting worse by the second, building and building.

“Mmmf…” Tarble mumbled, placing his head against Vegeta’s chest. Vegeta moved his arms out, his hands hovering over Tarble, like he didn’t know what to do with them. “Vegeta, hug me…”

Again, Vegeta felt that confusing pull inside his mind, a weird misplaced sense of nostalgia. Something like deja vu, but he had no idea why. Nothing like this had ever happened before. Bulma always took care of Trunks when he wasn’t well, so what could Vegeta POSSIBLY be remembering?

Still keeping his arms and hands AWAY from Tarble, Vegeta said; “You look tired. Lay down and go back to sleep.”

He realized a second later that Tarble already WAS asleep.

On his lap.

When he needed to relieve himself.

Fuck.

Of course, he hadn’t been planning to go back to his room and void his bladder while Tarble slept. Bulma had been clear about that; Vegeta was not permitted to leave his side. But, he still would have appreciated it if Tarble HADN’T decided to pass out while sitting on his bladder.

Vegeta clenched his legs as the pressure inside of him continued to increase. With Tarble squishing it, his bladder didn’t feel anywhere NEAR as large as it usually did. Whereas he could usually deal with this amount of fluid inside of him with little issue, it was like Tarble was unconsciously trying to squeeze it all out, and he had to work to position himself in a way that kept his dick pinned closed between his thighs.

Why did Tarble have to be right THERE? Vegeta should have been overjoyed that his little brother was asleep, no longer watching him, unable to notice if Vegeta were to start clutching at his crotch to soothe the tides in his midsection. Tarble’s current position blocked his access.

It wasn’t like Vegeta couldn’t MOVE him. It would take absolutely zero effort to push him off to the side. Vegeta could easily lift five thousand Tarbles. He wasn’t trapped. There was an incredibly easy solution to this.

But, he couldn’t do it. His bladder BEGGED him to, but he couldn’t. And he didn’t know why. He started to try it. He gripped Tarble’s shoulders, about to dislodge him, and then Tarble nuzzled his face against his chest and suddenly it was like Vegeta forgot how to move his arms.

What the fuck was wrong with him?! Tarble was crushing his bladder. Tarble was preventing him from holding himself or really squirming around to calm the waters down. He SHOULD be launching him clear across the room. That was what he’d do to Kakarot in this situation— To ANYONE!

Why couldn’t he just…

Vegeta had caught Tarble’s disease. Yeah. That was it. Just one more reason the woman shouldn’t have pawned this task off on him. Tarble was contagious, and now Vegeta was infected with something terrible. How DARE she force him to do this?!

Now, with BOTH of them sick, it was going to be even longer before they could get back to training! Bulma wouldn’t let EITHER of them exercise again until they were both healthy.

Dammit, and Tarble had been doing so well, too… He’d learned how to dodge, even when Vegeta was moving at close to his top speed. He could punch Vegeta hard enough for it to actually hurt a little. He could control his chi easily. He could even use the Galick Gun now. Vegeta was teaching Tarble his own moves, and Tarble was picking them up. The first time he’d managed it…

Vegeta had been so proud of him.

Tarble wasn’t hopeless. He wasn’t what Frieza had said he was.

Vegeta twisted to the side as much as he could, and crossed his legs together. That helped a little. He was… Almost comfortable. Which was about the best he could hope for most of the time.

At least Tarble was warm…

***

Vegeta was about to head out on another mission. And, for the first time in his life, he didn’t really want to. The last one had been so bad! He’d ended up peeing on himself in his space-pod, and then Frieza had… Vegeta shuddered, remembering how painful that had been. Nothing had ever hurt him as deeply as that before. Even Frieza’s energy beams were less eviscerating.

Vegeta was trying his absolute best to forget about it. In the two weeks since it had transpired, he had developed the habit of pinching himself as hard as he could any time he started thinking about it. He thought maybe it was working, because he could no longer recall everything Frieza had said word-for-word. The cadence and tone of his voice was starting to fade as well.

He was also doing everything he could to ensure that nothing even REMOTELY like that ever happened to him again. He didn’t drink as much anymore. One flask of water a day, and that was it. It was super hard, and he always went to bed thirsty.

Sometimes, the dry feeling was so intense that it kept him awake. Once he finally did fall asleep, he dreamed of drinks. He now had a recurring dream where he laid beneath a tap, his mouth opened wide as he guzzled the endless stream of water that poured from it. He always woke up feeling like his throat was coated in chalk. His body craved water all the time.

But, he was a warrior. Warriors were supposed to have restraint. And, he was PROUD of himself for being able to resist the temptation of another few sips of liquid. He had even developed a strategy that helped make the thirst less cloying; When he was near a sink or a stream, he’d put some water into his mouth, swish it around, gargle with it… But, he’d never swallow it. No matter how much his body tried to convince him to, he NEVER let it move all the way down. He spat it back out instead.

He’d also discovered that some foods could help with his thirst. The fruits that grew on Planet Vegeta’s trees were nice and juicy, and they could soothe the aches in his throat as well.

For a little while after he’d started limiting his fluids, he’d gotten lots of headaches, and fighting made him extremely dizzy. He had gotten over that for the most part. The headaches could fade into the background unless they were REALLY bad, and he learned how to fight through the dizziness.

A few times he DID fail, though. He’d put water in his mouth, intending only to gargle with it, but before he’d even made the conscious decision to do it, he’d already gulped it down. When that happened, he lost it completely, and he started to guzzle away, just like he did in his dreams.

He’d pay for it later.

The OTHER thing he’d started to do was learning how to better control his bladder. A few of Frieza’s statements that he had yet to shake loose from his mind revolved around how he lacked that ability. He’d always thought he could manage his bladder well— The incident in his space pod had been the first time he’d EVER had an accident, unless the two times he’d gone in bed were counted.

But, he knew better now. He was four years old now, and he was the prince! It was completely unacceptable for him to have even just ONE accident! So, he had to learn to control himself better!

During the last two weeks, he had been doing exactly that. He was not sent on any off-planet missions, so he had time to work on it. He commanded himself to pee only ONCE every twelve hours, until his holding muscles got used to it. Then, he’d do it even longer. And even longer after that. His bladder would be big and strong and then he’d NEVER have to feel ashamed about this stuff EVER again.

The first day was SO hard. Even with his water-restriction, after seven hours without a toilet break, he needed to go BAD. He was at home most of that day, his training session having been finished in the morning, and when he realized that he couldn’t keep himself still, he got nervous. Mother and Father were here, and so was little Tarble. What if they saw him hopping around like this?

That was a new feeling…

Vegeta had definitely gotten wriggly in front of his parents and little brother before. But, it had never made him feel squirmy on the INSIDE too. Now, just the IDEA of that happening was causing him this… Awful, awful sensation. It was so much like what he’d felt when Frieza had been giving that horrible speech…

Vegeta could NOT let himself be seen in such a shameful condition!

So, while he was training his bladder in that fashion, once it started to get bad enough that he had to wriggle, he’d go to his room so he could writhe privately.

The good news was that Vegeta ALWAYS made it the twelve hours. It took a LOT out of him, and he sometimes leaked out a TINY bit, but he’d make it. He’d control himself. He was a warrior, and warriors were supposed to have restraint.

There had been two rather annoying incidents, though. Both of them were courtesy of Tarble. For some reason, Vegeta’s brother just LOVED being around him. He was clingy, and Vegeta hated it. He knew that Tarble was weak; A runt. He knew it was shameful that he was related to someone like that. He knew Tarble was a disgrace to the royal family.

Frieza said so all the time, and Vegeta’s parents never said anything to disagree, so that meant it had to be true.

But, Vegeta still got stuck ‘playing’ with Tarble sometimes, and he hated it. Sometimes it was fun chasing Tarble around, and then Vegeta hated it even more because he wasn’t SUPPOSED to enjoy spending time with weaklings.

Tarble couldn’t even say Vegeta’s name right. He called him ‘Veggie’. It was SO annoying!

Once Vegeta had started restricting his fluids and training his bladder, being forced to ‘play’ with Tarble became more of a chore. He usually got stuck with his brother during the afternoon— When his bladder was starting to get too full. It was HARD to chase Tarble around when he really, really had to go. And it was hard not ACTING like he really, really had to go.

One afternoon, Tarble noticed that Vegeta was dancing his feet around, and Tarble correctly guessed the reason why. “Veggie has to pee-pee?”

Vegeta had barked at him to shut up, and then rushed to his bedroom.

The next day, Mother scolded him for yelling at Tarble and making him cry. He didn’t care. Tarble should have just stayed quiet.

The other incident was worse. Again, Vegeta was stuck with Tarble, but THAT day it was Tarble that started dancing. Vegeta ignored it for a while, until Tarble grabbed his cape and pleaded; “Veggie! Veggie! Have to pee-pee now! Please?”

And Vegeta had wanted to KEEP ignoring him. Tarble should have been able to go by himself! Or he should have gone to Mother or Father or something! This wasn’t supposed to be Vegeta’s job!

But, then he pictured Tarble having an… He imagined Tarble all wet and shaking, and crying… And… And Frieza finding out, and talking to their parents, and saying MORE things about how useless Tarble was… And…

Vegeta didn’t understand the feelings that were settling over his shoulders. He just knew that they pissed him off immensely and he wanted them GONE. He grabbed up Tarble and muttered to him to hang on, then ran with him to the closest bathroom as fast as he could. “Okay, go HERE, Tarble. Hurry! If you have an accident, Frieza will… He’ll…” Vegeta’s throat tightened, and the cause was much more than his perpetual dehydration.

A confusing sense of relief washed over him when he registered that Tarble had made it in time, that he’d helped him… He trembled, uncomfortable as his own need worsened. It sure would be nice if he could go after Tarble was done…

Tarble came back out after a minute, “Okay now, Veggie,” he said, and he latched onto Vegeta’s arm, trying to cuddle him.

Vegeta jerked away and winced. ‘I have to go too, I’ll be right back’. Why did those words have to be so difficult?! He couldn’t say them! His mouth REFUSED to work! So, he just gave up. He’d hold it. He was SUPPOSED to be holding it anyway, it hadn’t been twelve hours yet!

How dare he even THINK about going now? That was pathetic. His bladder would never get big and strong if he gave up like a soft weakling. He’d NEVER have proper self control, and he would KEEP needing to feel ashamed about this stuff…

He was a warrior, and warriors were supposed to have restraint.

Tarble was pitiful, it was okay for HIM to go whenever he felt like it. No one expected anything out of Tarble. Everyone expected EVERYTHING out of Vegeta, and Vegeta wouldn’t let them down. He’d be the strongest Saiyan to ever live, he’d be the strongest in the universe, he’d accomplish things no one else had ever dreamed was possible. He’d put Frieza in his place. Mastering his body was necessary, making it OBEY him was necessary, it didn’t HAVE needs, and it couldn’t force Vegeta to comply with its demands.

“Veggie okay?” Tarble asked.

“Of course I am.”

That had been four days ago, and now Vegeta was going out on another mission. And he was… He was almost kind of… Maybe a little nervous. What if he peed on himself again? He didn’t think he would. He’d barely had any water so far today, his bladder was getting tougher, and he’d just gone to the bathroom so he was empty.

As he got ready to leave, he noticed sad looks on both of his parents’ faces. It made him go red. He knew what they must have been thinking about; They were disappointed in him, and they were certain that he was going to humiliate himself, them and the entire Saiyan race, just like he had last time.

He’d show them… He’d make them proud again.

“Vegeta,” Mother said. “Come say goodbye to Tarble.”

Vegeta rolled his eyes. “Why?” He demanded. “I will be late.”

“You won’t,” Mother told him. “Just… Please say goodbye to him, alright?”

“Ugh…” Vegeta groaned as he went to Tarble’s bedroom. The little runt had gotten sick two nights ago and he was still coughing and resting in bed. “Goodbye,” Vegeta said shortly, turning to leave.

“Veggie…” Tarble said. “Brother…” His voice cracked, like he was begging for something.

“Yeah, what?”

“Hug!”

Vegeta sighed. “Absolutely not.”

Tarble’s eyes welled up. “Hug!” He repeated.

Vegeta just shook his head.

Tarble looked more and more crestfallen. Desperate. “Veggie!” he whined. “Hug! Just one! Please!”

“No!” Vegeta scoffed.

“But, Veggie!”

“I said NO,” Vegeta was getting really angry now. He clenched his fists. “We’re Saiyans! Saiyans don’t hug!”

Tarble’s tears started to fall. He reached a hand out towards Vegeta. “Veggie…” he whimpered.

“Goodbye,” Vegeta repeated, stomping out of the room, ignoring Tarble’s whimpers.

Vegeta started to leave again.

“Boy,” his father said. “Why is Tarble crying?”

“How should I know?!” Vegeta snapped, continuing on his way.

The mission went fine. Vegeta DIDN’T have any emergencies, much less an accident. He EASILY held it through the whole thing, and only had to go moderately badly when he got back to his planet and returned home.

His parents were still there. His mother looked like she was on the verge of tears. His father was beside her, facing forward, scowling.

They were STILL disappointed in him over the last mission… Time to change that! “I took out ALL of the most elite fighters today, all by myself!” He announced. “They didn’t even stand a chance against me!”

His mother merely glanced at him. His father didn’t acknowledge him.

What…? Was that not good enough? Was he still too disgraceful? Was he still—

“Boy,” Father said. “Your brother is no longer with us.”

Vegeta froze, that weird feeling coming back, much worse than before. He forgot all about his victory today, he forgot all about needing to pee. “H—He wasn’t that sick, was he? I thought he just had a cough…”

“He’s still alive, he’s just… Come with me. Frieza wants to discuss this with you.”

In the hours that followed, Vegeta felt an ache inside of him that shouldn’t have been there. It served no purpose to him, it only meant that he was still too weak.

***

Vegeta woke up, stunned that he’d even fallen asleep in the first place. Between his achingly full bladder and the weight of Tarble on top of it, it was a miracle he’d managed to drift off like that. More shocking than that was the amount of sheer relief he felt when he saw Tarble resting there. Still there. Still with him.

His little brother, whom had been making him so proud lately…

His little brother, whom… Had his fucking elbow in his damn bladder! OUCH!

It was like having a claw digging into him, a sharp implement piercing into the bloated balloon, carving a tiny hole through it. Vegeta felt like his midsection was an overripe melon, ready to burst apart, and Tarble just kept MASHING it, the back pain was even beginning to crop up. It felt far too early for that, but since Tarble was squeezing his bladder and the fluid inside it refused to move DOWN, he must have been mushing it back UP.

Vegeta definitely couldn’t hold still with THAT going on. His thighs kept clenching rhythmically, his legs crossed as much as they could. He wanted to GRAB himself… He wanted to give his dick a nice, tight, firm squeeze. He wanted to get up and go to his room. He wanted to fucking piss.

What time was it? Would the woman be coming here to take over soon? He looked at the clock… At least two more hours until Bulma usually finished working. Two more hours of THIS. Could he manage that?

Of course he could…

It would be much easier if Tarble moved, though.

His squirming eventually became more than what Tarble could sleep through, the younger Saiyan’s eyes cracked open and he mumbled into Vegeta’s chest. “Vegeta, sorry…”

“For?!” Vegeta asked, sharper than he’d intended. Tarble had only JUST woken up, he was still drowsy. Was Vegeta’s desperation so obvious that it could be noticed even by someone who was sick and half-asleep?!

“Fell asleep on you,” Tarble said, voice still muffled. “I know you don’t like being touched. And I’m probably contagious.”

Tarble was definitely contagious. Vegeta knew he’d already caught whatever this disease was. It was making him feel strange. Strange enough that he hadn’t just shoved Tarble away.

Tarble rolled off of him and Vegeta EXPECTED a wave of relief at the loss of pressure. He didn’t quite get that. There was a slight decrease in his tension, but it only lasted a moment, then his bladder was roaring to life again, thrashing as much as ever.

Two more hours of this… His confidence was waning.

He turned roughly on his side and scissored his legs beneath the sheets. He placed a hand over his lower stomach, only eliciting further pain. He wanted to hold himself. He wanted to hold himself. He wanted to hold himself…

“Vegeta…” Tarble’s voice was still flaky. He was still really sick. How long would this go on for?

“What?” Vegeta managed, clenching his fists to avoid tucking his hands between his legs. Fuuuuck, he had to pee!

“I… Um… I need to relieve myself…”

Great. That meant Vegeta had to stand up, and leave the room. He wasn’t looking forward to getting up. He’d been laying here for such a long time, his bladder was USED to this position, moving and sloshing it around was going to ignite some pain for sure.

But, hold on, if it was okay to leave Tarble while HE peed, then maybe Vegeta could get away with visiting his room for a few minutes? Sure, it was a decently long walk, but Vegeta was fast, especially when he wasn’t weighted down by his bladder.

No, that wouldn’t work. Tarble could barely speak above a whisper, so Vegeta wouldn’t HEAR him from that far away if something was wrong.

“I’ll wait in the hall,” Vegeta told him.

“Okay,” Tarble said. Vegeta saw his brother’s own legs starting to wriggle. “But, first… I… Um… I’m having trouble standing and walking today…”

Oh… Vegeta was going to have to… That was a bit more awkward.

“I’m sorry,” Tarble said. “I— I know Saiyans shouldn’t need assistance with… Such… Things…”

Vegeta sighed, his dream was weighing heavier on him than his bladder. He had been such a jackass to Tarble during the short two years they’d been together, always telling him he wasn’t a proper Saiyan. And despite ALL of that, Tarble’s final wish before being sent away was simply for Vegeta to give him one hug.

A request which Vegeta had refused.

“You are ill,” Vegeta said. “A—And… A few weeks ago, I crushed myself in the gravity room. I needed the woman to help me with every task.” He didn’t elaborate, Tarble could probably work out for himself what ‘needing help with EVERY task’ meant.

Vegeta forced himself out of the bed quickly. His bladder reacted just like he had been dreading it would, churning and cramping and sending a surplus of pressure slamming against his exit. He tensed his lower body up until he was shaking all over, gritting his teeth.

Then he walked, stiff-legged, over to Tarble. He held out an arm and allowed Tarble to grasp it so he could stand. Tarble let go of a whimpering sound. Vegeta wasn’t sure if that was because of the nausea brought on by leaving the bed, or the increase in his need that was surely washing over him.

Judging from the way Tarble was hopping on his heels, it was likely the second thing. Vegeta doubted the bouncing was good for his upset stomach.

It wasn’t. Tarble felt like might throw up again, and panic wrapped around him, squeezing both his aching belly and his full bladder. He rubbed his knees together, biting back an embarrassing plea for Vegeta to hurry.

Vegeta got him into the restroom quickly, and Tarble squeezed his eyes closed against the sight of the toilet. He wished he had woken up sooner, the throbs in his middle ought to have done that! But, no, he’d remained asleep until he was about to burst. He decided he was lucky he’d woken up at all… Imagine if he’d peed in his sleep while on Vegeta’s lap! His brother would force him to go back to his home planet early!

“There,” Vegeta said. “I’ll go wait in the hall.”

Once Vegeta had left him alone to his privacy, Tarble groggily pulled down his pants and sat on the toilet, shutting his eyes and begging the world to stop spinning. He wanted to get this finished as quickly as possible so that he could lay back down again, but he felt so awkward about needing Vegeta to walk him to the toilet that it took a couple minutes for him to actually relax and start going.

He sighed slightly as the liquid finally started to pour out of him. The sensation of his bladder compressing back down to its proper size was the first thing he’d felt in a while that wasn’t uncomfortable. He pushed and tried to finish faster, he just wanted to be in bed again.

Once he was finally done, he stood up and stumbled back towards the bed, grasping onto the walls in an effort not to fall. Once at the bed, he just collapsed with another groan.

Vegeta was still out in the hall, it seemed, and Tarble waited for him to return. For some reason, Vegeta just BEING there next to him was enough to make him feel a little better.

Vegeta came back, he sat beside Tarble, and Tarble couldn’t help but notice the tremors in his legs and torso. His older brother obviously wasn’t comfortable. “Um… Do you also need to—“

“Shhh,” Vegeta interrupted him. Then, still amazed by how easy it was to have these conversations with his brother, he explained; “I do, but I was told not to leave your side.”

Tarble frowned at that and bit the inside of his cheek. Was Vegeta only staying with him, comforting him, and letting him rest on him because Bulma had ORDERED him to? He sighed. “You can just leave,” he said.

Vegeta shook his head. “Bulma would be furious if I left and you threw up all over yourself.”

Tarble frowned even more. He squeezed his eyes closed as he tried not to imagine that. His stomach rolled, and he cupped a hand over his mouth as his heart pounded so loudly that his ears were ringing.

Vegeta found himself putting a hand on Tarble’s shoulder. He hadn’t made the decision to do that, just all of the sudden he was holding his brother, awkwardly trying to settle him down. “Don’t you dare ACTUALLY do that, Tarble,” his voice cracked. Fuck, the mess that would make for him to clean up… And Tarble would feel so incredibly—

Who cared?

Vegeta didn’t. Of course he didn’t. He only THOUGHT that he did because he’d caught Tarble’s disease and it was affecting his brain. All that actually mattered was the fact that he needed to void his bladder, and that meant he needed to leave Tarble here alone for several minutes.

Tarble could handle being by himself for that long.

But, what if he DID get violently ill again, and Vegeta wasn’t there to clean him off, or… Or tell him that it was going to be alright, or—

Vegeta didn’t CARE.

And his bladder definitely didn’t! After all the stress it had gone through earlier with Tarble’s weight laying on top of it, it was sore and screaming at him for release. He was at HOME, he should be having a perfectly easy time taking care of this. Besides, Bulma should be finished working in just—

An hour and a half…

It had only been thirty minutes since Vegeta had last looked at the clock, and the severity of his urge had climbed significantly during that time. His upper thighs were trembling uncontrollably, and his ankles had crossed and refused to come back apart again. He gripped the bedsheets tightly purely to keep his hands from going to his crotch. His abdomen was stinging and surging, a constant pressure ricocheting around within it.

And, he still had at least ninety more minutes to get through.

A dull ache had arrived in his lower back, and he knew that ninety minutes would be plenty of time for that to deepen and bloom into something torturous. He wasn’t supposed to get that awful feeling when he was at home, not anymore. This was supposed to be the one place in which that agony couldn’t grip him.

“But, if I wait in the hall like you did,” Tarble said, his eyelids drooping again as he barely managed to lift his head off his pillow. “Then you can go here, right?”

That… SHOULD work. If it had been enough for Tarble, then it should be enough for Vegeta as well. The problem was that Tarble could barely stand up, and when he did, his nausea spiked and walking was almost impossible.

Vegeta… Well, he definitely didn’t CARE if leaving this room to give him some extra privacy made Tarble feel even more like shit than he already did. The idea of making Tarble get up in this condition certainly wasn’t making Vegeta feel anything that even RESEMBLED guilt. That would be ridiculous.

No, no. He only hesitated because of… Because of how Tarble needed HELP walking, yeah. And that was so inconvenient! Such a hassle! Right, yeah. That was all it was!

And besides, Vegeta could go in front of Kakarot. And that was because Kakarot didn’t judge him. Kakarot lacked the capacity to judge anyone.

Tarble ALSO wouldn’t judge him. Tarble UNDERSTOOD why Vegeta struggled to go, Tarble knew precisely what it felt like. He knew exactly what Vegeta was going through.

If Vegeta could pee in front of Kakarot, then he should be able to pee with Tarble on the other side of a locked door.

“No,” Vegeta told him. “Stay here. You must rest and recover so that you can resume your training. I will… Attempt to just…” He forced his ankles to unhook from each other and stood. Immediately, an awful shudder moved through his midsection, heat building down his length and prompting him to tense his thighs up even more. His hands fluttered uselessly around his waist as he refused to let them place themselves where he most needed them to be.

“Oh,” Tarble said, surprised that Vegeta was willing to try this. Tarble had Saiyan ears, after all. Vegeta must have known how easily he’d be able to hear sounds from the adjacent restroom. “I will cover my ears,” Tarble assured.

Vegeta felt a little better at that and entered the restroom. Carefully locking the door, he stood at the toilet, then turned on the sink’s faucet to give his bladder a little extra encouragement. Immediately, the noise sent it into convulsions, but he still couldn’t go.

He reminded himself again and again; ‘It’s just Tarble, it’s just Tarble…’ Tarble wouldn’t start wondering if it ended up taking Vegeta ages to start peeing. Tarble wouldn’t think that Vegeta was too weak to get his body to obey his commands. Tarble wouldn’t laugh and say it was ridiculous for the prince of a warrior race to struggle so much with such a simple task.

No, if Vegeta couldn’t let go and start urinating right away, Tarble would UNDERSTAND.

And, for that reason alone, Vegeta was able to release after just a few more seconds. He barely even had to strain, and he was going at full-force immediately rather than having to push himself to unclench all of the way. It was easy. Abrupt. Like a tap switching on. Like… How it was SUPPOSED to work.

Even though someone was in the next room.

Even though that person had Saiyan ears and could probably hear the intense hiss of his stream as it flowed into the bowl.

In spite of all of that, Vegeta was actually relieving himself with almost no struggle.

He started to feel a bit more self conscious after several minutes had passed and he was still voiding, but thankfully that didn’t cause him to lock up again. He told himself that, if anything, Tarble was IMPRESSED by how much he could hold. It always shocked the Hell out of Kakarot, anyway.

Vegeta finally finished, and soon he was back beside Tarble. He was glad when Tarble didn’t say anything about what had just happened, no indication that he’d heard a single drop of Vegeta’s release.

Tarble just leaned up against him again, letting out another muffled moan.

“Are you feeling ANY better?” Vegeta asked him.

Tarble shook his head.

Vegeta groaned as well. This was such a waste of time… From the looks of things, they wouldn’t be able to train TOMORROW, either. But… It would certainly appear that having Tarble near him had a bit of a calming effect on him; The only other people who could do that were Kakarot (unfortunately) and his family.

Then again, Tarble WAS his family, so that made sen—

Tarble was his family. Tarble was his brother. And, now that actually meant something. They weren’t just aware of each other’s existence now, they had things in common. Vegeta could talk to Tarble about things he couldn’t discuss with anyone else. And, Tarble was getting so strong, stronger than anyone had ever thought he could get.

Vegeta was proud of him.

And, as soon as Tarble was better, he could continue making Vegeta proud.

When Tarble started to crawl into Vegeta’s lap again, Vegeta didn’t even consider shoving him away. And he didn’t keep his hands and arms as far from Tarble’s body as he could manage. Instead, he awkwardly put his arms around his brother.

He owed him a hug.

*007*2024-11-25 01:58

Written for the Omovember prompt "Making Someone Wait".

***

Tarble’s sickness cleared up, and his training continued for another several weeks. It remained as intense and exhausting as ever. The good news was that he was starting to actually get some results. One night, he looked at himself in the mirror and was impressed by how his muscles had grown. It was still nothing compared to his brother, but he was happy that he could actually SEE that he was getting stronger.

That wasn’t all. He could dodge a lot of Vegeta’s attacks now. The first several times, he hadn’t believed it. “Vegeta, you can still hit me,” he’d said, surprised that his brother would EVER miss on purpose. “I’m really tired, but I can still—“

“You actually DODGED, you idiot!” Vegeta had informed. “That’s a GOOD thing, be proud of it! Not many can avoid my attacks!”

Tarble was even able to shoot energy blasts now without needing to concentrate super hard. Before, it would take him at least a minute to charge something tiny, which meant it wouldn’t be useful in a real fight. Now, he could fire his chi with ease.

Vegeta didn’t say it often, but Tarble knew he was proud of him.

Vegeta was proud of HIMSELF. Here, he’d taken a little runt of a Saiyan, who’d been declared useless by Frieza, and HE was turning that Saiyan into a halfway decent fighter. HE was proving Frieza wrong. He wished he could go back in time and show Frieza what he’d done; “Look, bastard! My brother CAN fight, YOU were just too incompetent to train him! Luckily, now he has ME!”

What Vegeta wanted most was to see Tarble turn into a Super Saiyan. If he did THAT, and then learned how to manage himself in that state, Vegeta would consider his lessons complete— And, just imagine how Frieza would react to that! Vegeta would kill to see the look on his face if the form was achieved by someone the tyrant had written off as worthless trash— Especially if Vegeta himself was the one to make Tarble do it.

So, Vegeta showed Tarble his own Super Saiyan form again, and informed him that from now on, it was going to be Tarble’s goal to reach that himself. Tarble was hesitant, he didn’t think he could manage it. Vegeta insisted he could, and that alone seemed to be enough to convince him to try.

Vegeta informed Tarble of what needed to be done to become a Super Saiyan, and when he explained that the transformation relied a LOT on a surge of intense anger, Tarble had started to frown again. Vegeta couldn’t understand why.

The next week in the gravity room was more intense than ever, and it seemed like, no matter how hard he tried, Tarble was incapable of becoming a Super Saiyan.

“I can’t do it!” Tarble exclaimed when his frustration at his own lack of progress was just about to boil over. He gritted his teeth and tried to calm himself. He didn’t like the heat building up in his body. It felt like his blood was actually boiling, enough to melt his bones into soup. It scared him, and he wanted it to go away.

“You CAN,” Vegeta insisted, and he punched Tarble hard in the chest.

Tarble hadn’t even been looking, he hadn’t been ready, and Vegeta had done it SO hard. Much harder than he’d ever done it in the past. Tarble was knocked backwards against the wall, laying there in a heap for several seconds. When he looked up, Vegeta was charging an attack.

“HEY!” Tarble yelled, trying to get up. He dodged just in time, but the uncomfortable, frightening heat of his frustration was back again. He was trying to have a conversation with his brother— Something Vegeta had usually acquiesced to in the past so long as it didn’t take too long and Tarble didn’t say anything stupid. Why was he just attacking him?!

“Hey what?” Vegeta asked. “You want to be a Super Saiyan? You need to fight! Or are you giving up?”

“I— I can’t!” Tarble insisted. Why couldn’t Vegeta understand that? Tarble just wanted Vegeta to reassure him, to tell him that it was okay if he couldn’t transform. Tarble needed his brother to comfort him… “I can’t do it!”

Vegeta did NOT comfort him. Instead, he punched Tarble again, even harder than before. Tarble fell back and rubbed his aching shoulders. “Owww…” he moaned.

“Get up!” Vegeta ordered. “We are NOT leaving this room until you do it, so you’d better give it your all!”

As soon as Vegeta said THAT, Tarble became aware of a pressure in his bladder that he hadn’t noticed before. He’d trained with his brother long enough now that he KNEW Vegeta was serious about not letting him leave… He tensed his thighs, and tried to ignore it. He’d BEEN ignoring it for a while already, so how hard could it be?

Really hard.

Now that he was aware of the fact he needed to pee, the urge was getting worse at an aggressive rate. Having to duck and dodge to avoid Vegeta’s chi blasts was shaking his bladder and compressing it painfully. Having to keep his tail around his waist made it all so much worse, and he caught it trying to unfurl several times.

He definitely wasn’t going to transform now… “Vegeta!” He gasped out pleadingly. “I need a break!”

“NO BREAKS,” Vegeta snapped. “Not until you’re a Super Saiyan!” And with that, he kicked Tarble hard in the gut.

Tarble swore he almost exploded right then and there. He wouldn’t be surprised if Vegeta had punctured his bladder doing that.

“VEGETA!” Tarble yelled, painstakingly getting back to his feet. “WE’LL BE HERE FOREV—“ Feeling the aching, broiling sensation, something akin to the worst fever he’d ever had, Tarble took several deep breaths. He needed to calm down. It was wrong to shout at his brother when he was only trying to help him.

Vegeta watched Tarble trying to soothe himself with dissatisfaction. He thought he’d been VERY clear to the younger Saiyan earlier; Rage was the key to transforming. Yet, Tarble was REFUSING to let that anger in, and he was preventing himself from reaching his goal.

Vegeta was more certain that ever that Tarble COULD manage this if he’d just ALLOW it to happen. He’d seen Tarble’s hair spark a few times, though Tarble hadn’t seemed to notice it. He could do this, if he stopped fighting his own anger, if he stopped shutting himself down.

What Vegeta couldn’t figure out was WHY Tarble kept stopping himself. Much less how he was managing it. Vegeta liked to think he was an expert at pissing other people off. Once he knew someone, he knew which buttons to push to provoke them, if the urge ever struck him to do so. What Tarble wanted most from Vegeta was to bond with him, and Tarble bonded more through words than through fighting. Vegeta refusing to communicate with him when he so obviously wanted to have a conversation SHOULD have been enough.

But, what else would get under Tarble’s skin?

There was ONE thing Vegeta could say to him; It would be the cruelest possible thing Tarble could hear, made all the more painful if it came from his brother. It might be the thing to push him over the edge.

‘You can’t do it? Well, then I guess Frieza was RIGHT about you. No wonder you had to be sent away!’

To Vegeta’s complete shock, he found he didn’t actually WANT to say that to Tarble. It was less due to how vicious of a statement it would be, and more because Vegeta himself didn’t believe it. If he said it, it would be a lie.

There HAD to be another way to infuriate him. Vegeta was getting close, he hoped. If Tarble just stopped that silly breathing exercise and LET himself get pissed off, this would all be over and Vegeta wouldn’t HAVE to tell him something so vile and untrue.

“Vegeta!” Tarble said, once the fiery feeling had gone away. “I n—need to leave—“

“Too bad!” Vegeta told him firmly, charging up another attack.

It struck Tarble in his already hurt shoulder and Tarble whimpered. “Brother, I have to—“

“I don’t care!” Vegeta interrupted, shooting off a few more blasts, each one hitting Tarble and damaging his armor.

Tarble had never had so many chi blasts hit him that quickly before. They were coming so fast that he couldn’t dodge and every time they made impact, the stinging friction caused electric spasms to move all through his body, mostly clobbering his bladder. Oh, why wouldn’t Vegeta listen? He couldn’t DO this! He couldn’t become a Super Saiyan, especially not when he was getting really desperate for the bathroom. “But, Vegeta, I—“

“SILENCE!” Vegeta barked. “It’s not time to talk!”

As Vegeta came closer to him in order to engage in more hand-to-hand combat, Tarble’s bladder wailed to be released. He could do NOTHING to calm down the tides roaring inside of it. He couldn’t cross his legs, because Vegeta he needed them to kick. He couldn’t even really press his thighs together, since he was required to move so quickly. He certainly couldn’t hold himself, Vegeta wouldn’t stop grabbing him by the wrists to throw him around.

The worst part was his tail, though. Wrapped so punishingly around his waist, strangling the throbbing, consistently surging organ trapped there. Since the REST of Tarble’s body was going tense, his tail kept following suit involuntarily, which only caused it to press and squeeze much more violently. When it WASN’T squishing his bladder, it was trying to loosen itself and dangle freely— Oh, how Tarble wanted to uncoil it! But, he couldn’t… He couldn’t. With as aggressive as Vegeta was being now, he knew his older brother would take the opportunity to snatch it and pull it— Who knew what THAT would do to Tarble’s bladder.

All the while, Tarble continued to whimper out little, panicked pleas for a break. His adrenaline was spiking, the oh so painful bubbling in his blood was coming back and he COULDN’T calm it down. His need to pee was increasing so rapidly, scorching bright hot alongside the simmering heat that was trying to encompass his entire body. It was all causing him to panic, as a completely unfamiliar sensation took hold of him. He had never felt completely and utterly out of control of himself before, but he did now.

He was losing control of his mouth, too. Gone was his decorum, his bashfulness, his desire to be polite. He was trying his best to blurt out EXACTLY what he needed in a way Vegeta couldn’t possibly misunderstand or ignore. “Gotta— Ah— Pee!” Tarble ducked to dodge another of Vegeta’s fists, his bladder cramping in protest of the sharp motion and added pressure.

Vegeta just kept going, like he hadn’t heard. But, maybe he had? Because his next punch was DANGEROUSLY close to Tarble’s overflowing bladder.

It contracted hard. A tiny trickle shot out of Tarble, the spurt lasting barely a second, but flooding him with even more panic and heat. “Ah— You’re making me go—!”

Still, Vegeta didn’t relent.

Vegeta was in his own world now, singularly focused on the goal of making Tarble transform. He had tuned out all sounds in the room, all the tiny details of their surroundings. The only things that existed were their fists. All he could acknowledge was the motion of Tarble’s body, the ways he was trying to dodge and defend himself, the few attacks Tarble tried to use himself. Whatever Tarble was babbling about was unimportant now, Vegeta could see Tarble sparking— That was what mattered, that was ALL that mattered! Tarble could force him into a silly, touchy-feely conversation later, he wouldn’t care; He’d just be so proud that his brother had become a Super Saiyan, that HE had been the one to make it happen!

As they continued, Vegeta saw Tarble’s tail unwrap itself from his waist. That was a surprise— He’d really thought Tarble had finally broken that habit… But, if he was going to leave himself open like that, Vegeta would be a fool not to take advantage. Clearly, Tarble needed another reminder.

Vegeta grasped hold of Tarble’s tail and pulled him forcefully by it. He knew such a hard yank was sure to be excruciating, and that with Tarble’s strength fading in the process, it might make it take even longer for him to transform, but this was a lesson he HAD to learn. Maybe this would finally sink in for him now that he knew what it FELT like to have his tail pulled. “Tarble, for the last time, STOP doing thi—“

“Ah—Ahhh!” Tarble gasped, followed by a strange, shuddering sound that Vegeta had never heard anyone make before. Then there was… Hissing? Where was that coming fro—

Tarble whimpered, his gaze moving downwards as he felt himself completely lose bladder control. The most horrifying thing about it wasn’t even that Vegeta was watching. No, the most horrifying thing was, when he tried to tighten up his muscles and make the liquid stop pouring from him, he genuinely couldn’t. It wasn’t just that he couldn’t stop peeing no matter how hard he clenched, it was that he literally COULDN’T clench at all. The sphincters that had been welded shut— The muscles that so often tensed even when he wanted them to go loose— felt numb. Like they weren’t even THERE.

His whimpering turned into crying. What was happening to him?! He COULD remember the last time he’d had an accident. It had been when he was a really little kid, but he was still able to recall it, and what it had felt like… He’d been able to clench then, his holding muscles hadn’t felt non-existent. He’d been capable of squeezing them enough to at least make his stream slow down a little.

Now, it was like his bladder was a cup that had been turned upside down, the contents dumping out recklessly, his body offering no resistance to it even though he desperately wanted it to.

As he continued to spray all over himself, Tarble finally became aware of another pain in his tail. When he turned, he saw that he had accidentally let it unwind, and Vegeta was grasping it tightly. Vegeta’s eyes were wide as he stared silently, and that made Tarble cry more. He hadn’t let ANYONE see him pee at ALL for years! Now, VEGETA was watching him wet his pants.

Vegeta’s mouth had gone dry, and he felt like he was frozen. His stomach knotted up into a tangled mess, and was flooded with the most nauseating sinking feeling. Tarble… Had been trying to tell him that he… And Vegeta hadn’t let him speak… Vegeta had forced him to stay here… Vegeta had tuned him out… And, then Vegeta had grabbed his tail…

Tarble had the exact same Problem that Vegeta did. When Vegeta had done THIS in front of Kakarot, he had broken down. The emotions that had run through him during that terrible night were still fresh in his mind; His brother was now feeling same way, and HE had been the one to make it happen!

Vegeta knew how much Tarble respected him. He knew how much Tarble admired him. And, now that only added to his guilt. He was the WORST person for Tarble to have an accident in front of, yet HE had forced Tarble into doing exactly that.

This was worse than what had happened to him in front of Kakarot. Kakarot had not MADE Vegeta wet his pants. Vegeta had mostly done that to himself by refusing to ask for help until it was pretty much too late.

Tarble had NOT brought this on himself. He’d tried asking for help when there was still time for it to matter, and Vegeta had ignored him.

Numbly, Vegeta let go of Tarble’s tail, realizing that he still held it.

One of Tarble’s pains went away when his tail was released, and as soon as it was no longer being squeezed, Tarble found that he could bear down on his holding muscles again and try to stop the flow. Not that it mattered anymore, he was drenched, and he could feel that he was pretty much finished, anyway.

The last spurts trickled out of him, and Tarble stood there, trembling, wet and crying. He had never felt more ashamed. The shame was like a physical thing to him, a heavy boulder nestled on top of him, too much for him to lift.

“T—Tarble,” Vegeta said. “I didn’t mean for—“

Tarble whirled around to look at his brother, and suddenly the bubbly, frothy feeling in his veins was worse than ever, and THIS time he didn’t even WANT it to go away. It hurt, but it was a GOOD kind of hurt! It didn’t even scare him anymore! Even though he was crying, he no longer felt the tears making their way down his face. They were evaporating too quickly for that. His clothes were actually drying off too, but he had barely registered that before a new, completely foreign feeling, rushed through him.

Vegeta stared at him.

Well… He HAD gotten his little brother to turn into a Super Saiyan…

He certainly wasn’t PROUD of himself for that, though.

Tarble jumped RIGHT back into their fight, too. He shouted furiously as he relentlessly battered Vegeta. “I KEPT TELLING YOU! WHY WOULDN’T YOU LISTEN TO ME?! WHY CAN’T YOU LISTEN?!”

Vegeta didn’t even fight back. Punching someone always made him feel better, and this was the only thing he could think of that would even KIND OF make things up to Tarble.

When Tarble had finally exhausted himself, Vegeta felt bruised and achy basically everywhere. He hadn’t defended himself at all— He’d just let it happen. Tarble’s Super Saiyan form was surprisingly strong, too. And so fast… His brother was becoming a real warrior. His brother was proving Frieza wrong. If it weren’t for HOW Vegeta had made him reach this point…

“Why can’t you listen…?” Tarble mumbled, repeating the question for what must have been the hundredth time by that point. He slumped against the wall and sat down, his hair finally returning to its regular color.

“Tarble…” Vegeta said. “That was not what I intended to have happen.”

“You could have LISTENED.”

“I know, I’m… I’m…” Vegeta turned away and mumbled something into his palms.

“What?”

More mumbling.

“VEGETA!”

“I’M SORRY!” Vegeta snapped, spinning back around. “Alright?! I am extremely, EXTREMELY sorry! I should have paid attention to what you were saying, I shouldn’t have grabbed your tail and weakened you, and I sure as Hell should have KNOWN better than to stand there and watch while… While THAT happened to you! I am SO fucking sorry!”

Tarble blinked back at him. He was surprised to hear his brother apologize at all— Much less so dramatically… He must have REALLY felt bad about this… But not nearly as bad as Tarble himself did. “I— I have to stay here until t—tonight now…” he said finally.

“Why?” Vegeta asked.

“I can’t walk back through the halls like this, what if someone sees?”

Vegeta looked Tarble over. He was perfectly dry now. “Sees what?”

“That I… That I…”

“Tarble, when you transformed your chi evaporated everything off of your clothes,” Vegeta said, nodding down.

“When I… Huh?”

Vegeta gave Tarble an odd look. “Did you somehow not realize that you became a Super Saiyan?!”

Tarble finally smiled again; “I became a Super Saiyan?! Really?! I did it?!”

“Yes, Tarble!” Vegeta sighed. “How did you NOT feel that?!”

Tarble stood back up, and Vegeta was just grateful that he finally looked less devastated. That changed when he saw the puddle on the floor again. His energy spike had NOT managed to evaporate that.

“I… I… I turned into a Super Saiyan because of… Because of…” Tarble’s lip began to tremble again. “That’s… So… That’s not how…”

Vegeta frowned. Tarble wasn’t going to get over this that easily— Of course he wasn’t. Not only had he peed his pants in front of the person he admired the most, now a major milestone was going to be forever tainted for him because of it. Tarble had achieved something magnificent, but now every time he thought about it, he’d be forced to remember one of the worst things that had ever happened to him.

And that was still all Vegeta’s fault.

“A… A normal Saiyan… They wouldn’t—“

“Tarble,” Vegeta interrupted. “I… Well… I… I have never told anyone the real story of how I became a Super Saiyan for the first time… When I showed everyone I could finally do it, I made something up to explain how it happened… Because…” Ugh, was he really about to delve into this? He felt chilled to the bone already. Did Tarble really NEED to know about—

Becoming a Super Saiyan should be a moment of pride and triumph, not embarrassment. He had taken that from Tarble.

“You… Are not the only one to transform because of something humiliating,” Vegeta said. “The first time I did it… I… Ugh…”

Tarble stood beside him, “You don’t have to say if you don’t want to.”

For whatever reason, that statement just made Vegeta more willing to share. “The first time I did it… I had been by myself in space. Alone. Completely and utterly alone. And… Even though I was alone, I… I couldn’t… Relieve myself. I went about two full days without… Voiding. And, I was so fucking angry at myself that I…”

“So, we both became Super Saiyans—“

“Because of our stupid Problem, ye—“

“—Because we were really, really mad at you?” Tarble finished.

“… Shut up, Tarble.”

*008*2024-11-26 23:54

Written for the Omovember prompt "Let's clean you up".

***

The circumstances were regrettable, but Tarble HAD learned how to become a Super Saiyan. Next, Vegeta had to get him to a point where he could transform on demand, and actually control himself while in that state. Currently, he couldn’t choose to become a Super Saiyan whenever he wanted, like Vegeta could, he needed an emotional trigger.

Then, once he’d managed it, Tarble’s energy was wild and uncontainable, which meant he would fizzle out quickly and become exhausted in a matter of minutes. That wouldn’t serve him well in an actual battle.

Vegeta wasn’t too keen on pissing Tarble off again and again every time they began their training. After the first time had gone so awry, Vegeta decided to pawn the task off on Trunks, instructing the boy to annoy Uncle Tarble until he transformed. It was happening faster and easier now, Tarble didn’t require anything BIG to happen to him to spark the change, not like he’d needed the very first time. Trunks messing with his tail could irritate Tarble enough to get the job done.

Vegeta did his best not to consider the possibility that Tarble now associated having his tail touched with being forced to wet himself, and that was why it suddenly ticked him off so much.

Finally, the day came that Tarble was able to walk into the gravity room and power up to Super Saiyan automatically. Vegeta acknowledged this achievement with a small smile, and a declaration; “Alright, I see you’re ready for the next phase of your training.”

“N—Next phase?” Tarble asked. “I thought we were gonna be finished once I learned how to do this.”

“You use too much of your energy too quickly,” Vegeta explained. “We have to get you to a point where you can—“

Before Vegeta could finish, there was a quick burst of light, and suddenly Kakarot was there beside him. Vegeta stumbled to the side in surprise, then glowered. “Kakarot!”

“Hey, Vegeta,” Kakarot said, that big, stupid grin on his face, like always. “I haven’t seen you in a while, I figured it’s time we trained together again. And you probably need a massage right about now, t—“   “Don’t… Don’t patronize me!” Vegeta snapped, horrified by what his brother must have been picturing after hearing that. “I don’t need anything, shut up!”

“You sure? ‘Cause you seem really tense right now,” Kakarot noted.

“Because you decided to pop in here out of nowhere! I’ve TOLD you to cut that out!”

“Oh, but I made sure your chi didn’t feel loose first, so I knew you weren’t trying to take a le—“

“KAKAROT!”

“Um…” Tarble said nervously. “Vegeta, if you want to train with your friend today, you can. I know you probably want more of a challenge…”

“He’s NOT my friend,” Vegeta insisted. “And, you’re not squirming your way out of your lesso—“

“Whoa, Tarble’s here?!” Kakarot asked. “And he’s a Super Saiyan?!”

Vegeta groaned. “Yes, Kakarot. He’s been here the whole time. How the Hell did you manage to miss him? You can literally SENSE when someone is near you!”

Kakarot just completely ignored him. Like the annoying dolt he was. “I didn’t know you could turn Super Saiyan, Tarble! When did that happen?!”

“A few days ago,” Tarble said, stepping backwards a few paces. Kakarot was so excited… He probably thought Tarble was a decent fighter now. Tarble was going to disappoint him. He felt his chi flickering, his body automatically powering itself back down. “Vegeta is helping me to get stronger.”

“Really?!” Kakarot asked. He turned to Vegeta and grinned. “That’s so nice of you, Vegeta. I never thought you’d train anyone other than Trunks. You must really love your brother, huh?”

“I— Shut up, Kakarot,” Vegeta growled. “I just don’t want him coming over and bothering me any time he has a problem. I’m making him self-sufficient, there’s nothing more to it than that.”

“Sure, Vegeta,” Kakarot nodded, but Vegeta had this irritating feeling that the other Saiyan didn’t believe him. He turned back to Tarble. “So, how’d you transform?” He asked. “Something really terrible had to happen to me before I could do it, I hope it wasn’t as hard for you.”

“Um…” Tarble shrank back again. His tail uncurled itself from his waist and flicked back and forth, the hairs puffing out slightly.

“I pushed him beyond his limits,” Vegeta said simply. “And, when he could take it no longer, he transformed.”

“Oh,” Kakarot said. “I guess that’s kinda how I got Gohan to do it… Hey, Tarble. Now that you’ve got that new form and all, I—“

“No,” Vegeta interjected.

“I didn’t even get to finish!” Kakarot whined.

“You don’t have to. And the answer is no,” Vegeta said. He wasn’t totally sure why he’d been so quick to deny this. Fighting Kakarot would probably be good for Tarble’s training. So far, he had only battled with Vegeta. Which meant he had learned all of Vegeta’s moves, and how Vegeta conducted himself during a fight. He could predict what Vegeta was going to do, and had a better idea of how to counter his attacks.

If Tarble was ever in a serious fight again, he wouldn’t be able to do that. Sparring with someone that he hadn’t already learned how to read would help prepare him.

Yet, when he thought about Tarble fighting Kakarot, he had this irritating mental-image of Kakarot going overboard, not holding himself back, and injuring Tarble severely. The worst part was what that thought was doing to him.

Tarble SHOULD be testing himself against strong opponents. If his planet ever got threatened again, his enemy wasn’t going to be pulling any punches. So, why was Vegeta so… Put off by the idea of him fighting Kakarot?

“Come on, Vegeta!” Kakarot said. “Don’t worry, I can do it like when I’m helping Goten practice! I won’t even go Super Saiyan, I promise!”

“Who said I was worried?!” Vegeta demanded. “I’m NOT. Tarble is just MY brother, so training him is MY responsibility, not yours!”

“Won’t it do him some good to practice with more than one person, though?” Kakarot echoed Vegeta’s thoughts from earlier, and it pissed him right off.

“I’m PLENTY for him!”

Tarble watched the two bicker, his tail still swishing nervously. He wasn’t entirely sure what Kakarot’s relationship to Vegeta even was now. He’d THOUGHT Kakarot was his older brother’s best friend, but that didn’t seem as certain anymore.

After a while, he also felt a bit of his morning coffee making its presence known again. He supposed Vegeta and Kakarot had been arguing for so long now that it was around the time Vegeta usually allowed him his first bathroom break. He debated leaving the gravity room now and taking care of it— those two were so caught up in one another that he doubted either one would notice.

But, if Vegeta DID notice, he’d be scolded once he returned. He’d possibly even be given a penalty, like having to keep one arm behind his back for a while again.

Tarble also didn’t want to interrupt the pair to request a break from Vegeta. The idea of doing that in front of Kakarot made his tail bristle and embarrassed heat form on his face. Butting into the middle of their ‘discussion’— if it could be called that— to announce that he needed to pee would be too awkward.

So, instead, he chose to continually shoot his brother a particular look. It was the one he gave him during their sessions when he needed to go but either felt too embarrassed to say it out loud, or was panting so hard that he couldn’t form any words. He also allowed his tail to beat against the wall, which would both create noise to draw Vegeta’s attention, and was something Saiyans only did when uncomfortable.

But, Vegeta didn’t look at him, continuing to shout at Kakarot about not needing ‘some clown taking over my lessons! I’m a much better instructor than you anyway!’

Several more minutes passed, and Tarble supposed they’d come to some kind of agreement. Tarble WOULD be fighting Kakarot today, but Vegeta would be beside him. They would work as a team.

“Not that I NEED anyone’s help taking you down, Kakarot,” Vegeta said firmly. “But, Tarble WOULD benefit from learning how to fight with a partner.”

Kakarot nodded. “Yeah, and this way, if I start to go too far, you can defend h—“

“Don’t be ridiculous,” Vegeta gave a laugh that sounded a little forced to Tarble’s ears. “I’ll only be ‘defending’ him as much as necessary to secure victory. Why should I care if he’s injured?”

Kakarot’s laugh was much more genuine. “Okay, whatever you say. But, since I’m not going Super Saiyan, that means you can’t, either. Only Tarble’s allowed to.”

“Yes, fine, whatever.”

“Okay, guys,” Kakarot said. “Come here, we’ll do this out by my place where there’s more room.”

Vegeta grumbled as he stood beside Kakarot, and Tarble anxiously joined them. He knew what Kakarot was about to do; He was going to teleport them away from here. Tarble was apprehensive about that; His bladder was aching now, a constant weight against his sphincters, and a dull, thudding pressure. He should go use the bathroom first!

But… He didn’t know how to do that without it seeming weird. Kakarot would say “But, we’ll be at my house in just a second. You can go to the bathroom there without having to run back and forth through this huge place. It’ll be faster this way.”

And, Tarble would have to explain that, actually, there were only a few specific restrooms that he knew he could use, and that the one at Kakarot’s house may not be private enough.

Vegeta had told him that Kakarot didn’t experience their shared urinary difficulty, so Tarble feared that meant he wouldn’t understand it. Maybe he’d think it was funny, or just another thing that made Tarble strange.

So, he kept himself quiet, and decided that maybe it wouldn’t be so bad holding it in for one fight.

And then however long it took for him and Vegeta to fly back here afterwards…

He’d do his best not to think about that.

Kakarot held onto both Vegeta and Tarble. “Okay, this’ll only take a second.”

There was a spinning sensation, which Tarble had assumed would accompany teleportation, but still made him a little nauseas. What he hadn’t expected was a sharp, sudden increase in the pressure bearing down on his body— Which wrapped forcefully around his bladder and squeezed it tightly. The feeling only lasted for a couple seconds, but it was almost enough to make him cross his legs before he realized they were now in front of Kakarot’s wife. Tarble blushed and made sure he looked presentable.

“Hey, Chi-Chi!” Kakarot waved. “Guess what? Vegeta’s brother came to visit, and he’s a Super Saiyan now!”

Chi-Chi peered around Kakarot to get a better view of Tarble. “Oh, I… Never pictured you as the type to—“

“It’s all thanks to me,” Vegeta interrupted. “And what do you mean, ‘the type’? He’s a Saiyan, isn’t he?”

“Well… Yes,” Chi-Chi said. “But I had thought he was more… peaceful than—“

“That doesn’t mean he’s weak,” Vegeta said. “He just needs proper training. Which only I can provide.”

Tarble found it strange to hear his brother talk about him like this. Almost like he was actually proud of him, but Tarble knew that wasn’t the case. Tarble still wasn’t even close to matching Vegeta’s strength— Or any of Vegeta’s friends’ for that matter. He was aware of that, and so was Vegeta; That was why Vegeta didn’t want him fighting Kakarot by himself. Vegeta knew Tarble would just get hurt on his own.

As Kakarot and Vegeta headed towards the front door, Tarble glanced around the house. He spotted a door that likely led to the restroom, and wondered if it might turn out to be usable. If Chi-Chi stayed out in this area of the house, then Tarble supposed he could at least give it a try.

Tarble considered that, maybe, he should whisper to Vegeta that he needed the bathroom, and that he would catch back up with him and Kakarot as soon as he was finished. He was learning to sense chi, and could at least recognize his older brother’s now. He wouldn’t get lost if they went on ahead of him.

Before he could enact the plan, however, the front door opened. Goten bolted in, sprinting through the house as quickly as he could. “Me first! Me first! Me first!” He kept saying. And then he was shutting himself inside the bathroom.

Gohan stood in the doorway, shifting from foot to foot, obviously enduring the same urgency Goten and Tarble were. “Y—Yes, Goten, I know… You first. I can wait a few more minutes.”

Tarble completely dropped his plan. If he had to wait for both of them to finish, it would take too long. Besides, he was already fidgeting, and probably wouldn’t be able to stop. His squirming could be chalked up to a myriad of different sources right now, but as soon as he was doing it while waiting for a bathroom, it would be completely obvious what the source of his discomfort was. He didn’t want Chi-Chi to know how desperate he was getting, that would be so embarrassing!

He didn’t even give the bathroom door a longing glance before following his brother and Kakarot outside, his tail still twitching with the pressure of his need. He hoped Vegeta wasn’t going to make him keep it around his waist again, his bladder didn’t need anything extra constricting it right now.

He knew Vegeta probably would, though. If he didn’t let Tarble get away with loosening his tail when they were training, of course he wouldn’t allow it when they were in a real battle. Tarble hoped he’d be able to keep it where it belonged, as hard as that was going to be.

What if it came loose and started wagging, and Vegeta grabbed onto it again to teach him a lesson? Would it have the same result as… As the last time? Tarble shuddered. Kakarot would laugh at him for sure if that happened.

Goku let Vegeta and Tarble walk ahead of him, and he couldn’t miss the strange way Tarble’s tail was behaving. It curled up on itself, swayed from side to side rapidly, the tip kept striking itself against the trees they passed by.

Goku was pretty sure that meant Tarble had to pee. Back when he’d still had it, Goku’s own tail had been prone to flailing around like that after he had been waiting for too long.

Goku wasn’t sure why Tarble didn’t just head off and go. He hoped that he would do it soon. He wanted to see what Tarble was capable of now that Vegeta had trained him, and that wouldn’t happen if Tarble was distracted by his bladder the entire time.

With as fidgety as Tarble’s tail was, Goku figured he must have needed to go pretty badly, making it all the more confusing that he didn’t ask to stop so he could relieve himself.

But then, it occurred to Goku that he had never been to Tarble’s planet before; He didn’t know how anything worked there. It had taken Goku ages to truly register that, on Earth, it wasn’t polite to pee openly in front of people when he was outside. Maybe on Tarble’s planet, it wasn’t polite to pee outside at ALL, and he was assuming the same rule applied here.

Yeah, that had to be it. Goku just had to show Tarble that it was okay to pee behind bushes on this planet. Goku kind of did need a piss anyway. “Hang on, guys,” he said. “I need to take a leak.”   Vegeta grimaced at his crass language, as expected. Tarble gave a slow nod, his eyebrows raised. Goku took that to mean that he was surprised peeing outdoors was acceptable on this planet, meaning he was absolutely right about what had been bothering Tarble.

He went behind some bushes and let himself go, sighing softly. He tried to finish quickly so that Tarble could have his turn as soon as possible, wondering idly to himself if Tarble was able to piss for minutes on end like his older brother could.

Vegeta placed his hands over his ears as soon as Kakarot had walked off. He knew how his stupid body would respond if he was able to clearly hear the sound of running water. So infuriating… A simple noise should not have such an intense power over him!

Tarble winced and his legs rubbed together as he was subjected to the sound of Kakarot urinating. His own bladder squeezed tightly inside him, wishing that HE was the one getting relief rather than Kakarot. If only it could be that easy.

Tarble had never peed outdoors before. Not really, anyway. The closest he’d come to it was urinating on the surface of totally uninhabited planets or moons, and Tarble didn’t think that counted. There was no danger of being spotted when he was the only living thing there, but that would be a real risk if he did it here. He’d never be able to calm down enough to go.

It amazed him that Kakarot could do it. Didn’t he realize that Tarble and Vegeta were right here? Wasn’t he worried that someone else might be in these woods as well, capable of catching him in the middle of such a private act? How had he been able to start peeing so quickly and easily?

Goku came back after another few moments. “Okay, that’s better,” he said, earning himself another eye-roll from Vegeta. “If… If either of you needs to—“

“Shut up, Kakarot,” Vegeta groaned.

“Um…” Tarble looked down at his feet. They were moving awfully close together, now that he was paying attention to them. He didn’t think it looked like he had to pee, but his heart still thudded at the idea that Kakarot could tell.

Perhaps he could. And, perhaps that wasn’t such a bad thing? Maybe he could tell Kakarot that he just didn’t LIKE peeing outside, and he’d be able to go somewhere more private without revealing the full extent of his problem.

No, surely Kakarot would still think he was being weird… He’d probably just try convincing him that going outdoors just one time wouldn’t be SO terrible, and Tarble would be trapped, forced to admit that he couldn’t. And, oh, if Kakarot started laughing, Vegeta might… Try to defend him like he’d done with Chi-Chi earlier. What if that caused Kakarot to figure out Vegeta had the same issue? Vegeta was SO secretive about this, and Kakarot was probably the LAST person he’d want to have know about it.

Tarble tried to straighten his legs back out. He couldn’t embarrass his brother… “I’m fine,” he said.

Kakarot’s brows furrowed for a second, before he shrugged. “Okay,” he said. “Well, we’re almost to a clearing, we’ll be able to spar real soon!”

Vegeta’s gaze shifted to Tarble as they resumed walking. There was no doubt in his mind that Tarble was getting desperate. After spending so many weeks training him, Vegeta had more or less figured out how long it took for Tarble to start filling up, particularly after he’d loaded himself up with caffeine like he’d done today. If they were in the gravity room as usual, Vegeta would have already given him a break by now.

‘Tarble, you idiot. Why didn’t you go before we left?’ Vegeta thought. ‘That’s got to be the FIRST rule when it comes to this stupid fucking thing, and it’s not like it’s a difficult one to follow.’

Yes, Vegeta sometimes skipped pissing before leaving home as well, but that was different. He usually had a good reason for it! Like… Well… Well, he couldn’t think of any at the moment, but he still knew they were good ones!

Vegeta had half a mind to go up to Kakarot and inform the other Saiyan that Tarble had neglected to do something very important before leaving home. But, he held himself back. He had no idea if Tarble wanted Kakarot to know about his problem or not. Besides, he wouldn’t put it past Kakarot to say something stupid after learning this was the one damn thing he had in common with his brother.

It would be better to allow Tarble to bring it up himself, if he chose to. Hopefully this fight wouldn’t last too long and Vegeta would get Tarble home before this became too much of an issue.

Not that Vegeta cared, of course. It was Tarble’s fault that he had to go so badly, because it had been Tarble’s decision not to do it before they’d left. Vegeta definitely didn’t feel any sympathy for him and his idiotic decisions. That little, cloying feeling in his stomach was something else. Hunger, most likely. That was all.

Goku continued to watch Tarble’s tail as it wriggled, coiled up and thrashed. He noticed Tarble’s legs pressing together every few steps, and a tension in his shoulders that was similar to what he’d seen in Vegeta’s time and time again, and always parsed the meaning of right away.

Tarble had said he was fine, but Goku couldn’t believe him. Tarble and Vegeta didn’t act much alike, but their physical resemblance was intense. Tarble was a tinier, less-toned version of Vegeta, and their facial structure was pretty much identical.

And that wide-eyed, lip-biting, jaw-clenching, teeth-grinding expression on Tarble’s face, was EXACTLY like the look Vegeta gave to Goku when he badly needed to be brought home or to somewhere else private. The quivering in his back and thighs was also a mirror image of how Vegeta acted when he desperately had to go and was trying like Hell to hide it.

So, Goku was SURE Tarble had to pee, and utterly clueless as to why he wouldn’t do it.

‘He’s spent all his time here with Vegeta,’ Goku thought. ‘Vegeta’s definitely never pissed in front of him. Probably hasn’t ever told him that he’s gotta go, either.’ Maybe Tarble had gotten the idea that Vegeta rarely relieved himself because he was just SO strong that he barely ever needed to. Maybe Tarble was trying to impress him by waiting as long as possible?

That made sense, but Goku didn’t like it. It was gonna be SO hard for Tarble to put a decent fight like this!

But, if Tarble was as stubborn as his brother, Goku knew there was nothing he could say to make him give this up before he was ready to. He just had to hope Tarble wouldn’t accidentally push himself too far.

They reached a large clearing that would give them enough space to fight, and Goku spoke up; “Tarble, this is your first big fight,” he said. “So, if you wanna take a break in the middle of it— for ANY reason— you can just say so.”

Vegeta frowned at that. Kakarot could tell what Tarble needed… Of course he fucking could. Stupid, overly-observant Kakarot…

“Vegeta, come on, he’s still really new to this,” Kakarot said, mistaking the reason for his annoyance. “I wanna keep it fair.”

“Yeah, whatever,” Vegeta said. Speaking of keeping it fair… Vegeta looked over his brother yet again. Tarble’s tail would NOT hold still, and Vegeta knew there was not a chance in Hell he’d be able to keep it around his waist for longer than a couple minutes before his bladder forced it away.

Vegeta already knew what happened to Tarble if his tail got grabbed when he had to pee.

“Hands off his tail,” Vegeta said. “As an inexperienced fighter, he’s already at a big enough disadvantage without his known weak-spots being exploited.”

Tarble was stunned to hear Vegeta say that. After ALL the scolding he’d gotten about keeping his tail in the correct, hard to grab, spot, he’d figured Vegeta would be all too willing to LET Kakarot grasp it if it came undone today. He’d figured Vegeta would just say “Serves you right, idiot. I’ve warned you plenty of times by now.”

“Yeah, okay,” Kakarot said. “Hey, Tarble, if you need help training your tail, I can show you how to—“

“I WILL COVER THAT,” Vegeta exclaimed. “He doesn’t need anyone else’s help!”

Kakarot held his hands up, “Easy, Vegeta… I was just offering. Heh, you’re real possessive of him, huh?”

“I am NOT possessive!” Vegeta shouted. “All I’m saying is, he’s had ONE instructor this entire time, so he’s used to particular methods. It wouldn’t be helpful to have him getting confused, that’s all.”

“Sure, Vegeta.”

Vegeta scowled.

Tarble’s knees rubbed as the two entered yet another argument. WERE they friends or not?! Their feud sounded playful, but so far the main thing Tarble had seen them doing together was just… This.

And, they were really getting into it again, Tarble tried not to let his impatience show. He needed this fight to hurry up and begin so that he’d be one step closer to getting home, to relief.

Much more of the coffee had reached his bladder now, and it pulsed aggressively with constant demands to be let out. His feet bounced, and he tried to ignore the ever-present thuds at his opening, the piercing jabs telling him that it had been a bad idea to come out here without peeing first.

How much longer? They hadn’t even started the task they’d come here to accomplish, and who knew how long the fight would last once it finally began? Tarble shuffled around in place, trying to urge his brother to look at him. Vegeta would know what to do, right? Vegeta must have been in this same situation before, he HAD to know what to do!

Maybe Vegeta would be able to think of an excuse to tell Kakarot so that they could leave for a little bit?

No, no. That wouldn’t work. Even if Tarble told Vegeta that he really had to go, and even if Vegeta— by some miracle— decided that was a good enough reason to postpone sparring, Tarble would still have to worry about reaching Vegeta’s home. Bulma kept that special capsule with her, not Vegeta. It wasn’t here with them, and Tarble couldn’t use it. Nor did he know if Kakarot’s bathroom would feel private enough for him. The only place he knew for certain that he could pee was Vegeta’s house, and he had a feeling they were a long way away from it.

Unless Kakarot teleported them again… But, then Kakarot would have to know about everything, and Tarble wasn’t sure if he’d be able to take the sudden, awful increase in pressure that came along with it. He was afraid that it would be enough to pop his bladder at this point.

Finally, Kakarot and Vegeta finished arguing and Kakarot called out; “Okay, Tarble! Turn into a Super Saiyan now, let’s see what you can do!”

Right… Tarble had to transform again. Could he DO that now?! It was still really, really hard even under the best circumstances. His current situation was so far from ideal. He shut his eyes and gritted his teeth, trying to gather up all his energy and move it towards the center of his body. Concentrating so hard on that region, of course, made him even more aware of the pressure flaring within it. He could feel his chi gathering, and he swore it was adding to the leaden weight of his bladder.

He forced himself to let the energy continue coalescing until it ignited and pinged all throughout him, His transformation was taking hold, but it had the unfortunate effect of making his body temperature rise, which caused his bladder to contract so hard that he felt a scorching dribble slip from his tip. It was only one or two droplets, but it was enough to make his heart pound and his legs cross, biting back a yelp.

He opened his eyes and looked around, fearful that Vegeta and Kakarot could BOTH tell that he’d just leaked. He didn’t feel any dampness around his cock, but he swore it was there anyway.

Kakarot was grinning, getting ready to fight. Vegeta gave him a small smile as well as a brief nod.

Okay… He could do this. They hadn’t noticed anything.

The fight started, and it was the hardest thing Tarble thought he had ever done. Kakarot was just… Impossible. He was so fast that Tarble’s head spun trying to keep track of him. All of his attacks were intense, and Tarble’s bladder got shaken up torturously each time he had to dodge one. This was what Kakarot was like when he was holding back?!

Somehow, Vegeta was actually keeping pace with him. He blocked several hits before they could strike Tarble, which made Tarble feel like he was being useless and only making this fight harder for Vegeta.

Tarble— somehow— managed to hit Kakarot a few times. Each time it happened, he was stunned, and he immediately turned to Vegeta, eyes wide. Vegeta would just smirk at him, he hoped that meant his brother was proud.

But, eventually, Tarble couldn’t land ANY hits at all. His bladder was attacking him with the same fervor as Kakarot, and it was overpowering him too. It was so heavy, slowing him down considerably. He couldn’t move his legs apart from each other, needing to keep his opening pinned closed between them at all time. His knees crossed, his ankles rubbed. His tail lashed all around and he was so grateful Vegeta had told Kakarot that it was off limits. He knew that, if it was squeezed now, he’d be drenching himself.

He could hardly breathe, his middle felt so bloated. It was burning up, pressure radiating through his core and forcing him to double over several times. He hoped it looked like he’d just been hit by one of Kakarot’s attacks, but he kept doing it even when Kakarot was busy focusing on Vegeta.

He even grabbed himself more than a few times, hands digging themselves into his groin in the hopes of lessening the pain in his tip, but it didn’t help much. He was just so full and he had to go so bad. He almost thought that having his tail pulled wouldn’t be SO bad… At least it might get him empty…

Vegeta flitted around him, now devoting himself entirely to keeping Tarble from being hit, to the point that he wasn’t firing any blasts of his own, just deflecting all of Kakarot’s before they could reach Tarble.

Tarble felt like such a burden. It was bad enough that he was so weak and inexperienced, but now he couldn’t even try to assist Vegeta because his need to pee was so overwhelming and all-consuming that he couldn’t do ANYTHING. All he was capable of was wriggling around and clenching every muscle he had.

Kakarot was eventually victorious, and Tarble immediately powered down and crumpled to the ground, curling up on himself and shaking with the furious need to let everything go, and the knowledge that he just COULDN’T.

Vegeta landed beside him, and Tarble waited for the inevitable hiss of “Pathetic,” that he was sure his brother was about to spit at him.

It didn’t come.

Instead, Vegeta walked past him, and Tarble feared he’d disappointed his brother so much that he couldn’t even stand to speak to him.

Vegeta walked briskly over to Kakarot, wanting nothing more than to get Tarble home right the Hell NOW.

Vegeta was… Honestly kind of impressed. Tarble had actually struck Kakarot a few times, he hadn’t been expecting that at all. AND he’d done it while bursting to piss. He’d been at an EXTREME disadvantage and had still put up something of a fight.

He’d more than earned a reward. And, the only reward Tarble would care about right now would be getting home for a much, MUCH needed pee.

“Kakarot,” Vegeta began. “Let’s—“

“Vegeta,” Kakarot interrupted, panicked. “Tarble looks really hurt! Did I go too hard on him? I really didn’t mean to! I swear, I held back just as much as I do with Goten, was that still too much?! I’m sorry! Should I go see if there are any Senzu beans ready?!”

Vegeta shook his head. He knew what was happening to Tarble. But, he didn’t want to notify Kakarot of it. If Tarble wasn’t saying a word about it, then that meant he must not want Kakarot to know about his problem. Vegeta would literally murder someone if they told another person about his OWN difficulties without his permission, so he wasn’t going to do that to Tarble.

He just needed to get Tarble home. That was all that mattered.

Well. He knew what would get them there the fastest.

Just had to… Make himself do all those irritating, embarrassing things he always did when he desperately had to urinate, and make sure Kakarot saw him do them.

Okay, so when he had to pee really bad, he… Shook from head to toe. And he tapped his feet. And he got sweaty… He couldn’t really sweat on demand, but he could wipe his brow and give the illusion that he was. Kakarot also told him that he usually had a specific look on his face… It was probably that wide-eyed, lip-biting thing Tarble did…

“… Vegeta, what are you doing?” Kakarot asked.

“I’m shaking,” Vegeta said.

“Not really… Um… Looks more like you’re trying to swat a bug away,” Kakarot told him.

Vegeta stopped. He had severely underestimated how difficult it would be for him enact all of his ‘subtle’ squirming when he didn’t actually need to go. He felt stupid. Of course that was impossible. When he DID have to pee, the last thing he wanted was for anyone to think that he did. So, of course, trying to trick someone into thinking he was about to burst just resulted in awkward, exaggerated motions that didn’t look like anything.

“IS there a bug?” Kakarot asked, looking around. “Guess not, since you aren’t turning all pale and trying to hide behind m—“

“Shut the fuck up, Kakarot,” Vegeta groaned. “I’m… I’m exhausted. Clearly, Tarble is as well. Take us home, why don’t you?”

Kakarot gave Vegeta a stunned look, and it took him a second to realize why… He never admitted it when he was worn out from a fight. “Yeah, okay.”

Vegeta went to Tarble’s side. “Tarble, we are returning home,” he informed. “Come on.”

Tarble didn’t budge from his spot. He couldn’t. He couldn’t do it, because it would require him to turn around. And he couldn’t turn around, because then he’d have to let go of his crotch. And he couldn’t let go of his crotch, because then he’d start leaking out those pained, little dribbles, and eventually there would be enough of them that he’d have a dark spot on his clothes and Kakarot and Vegeta would both see!

“Tarble, come on…” Vegeta repeated, trying his best to keep the frustration out of his voice. He never wanted his brother to have an accident again, but that might end up happening if he didn’t let Kakarot get them home now! Why was he stalling?

“Vegeta,” Tarble said quietly, not wanting Kakarot to hear. “I really need to go…”

“I know,” Vegeta said. “That’s why we have to get you home.”

“I can’t, I can’t…” Tarble felt so pitiful, so pathetic. He couldn’t handle flying home like this! He’d burst! He wasn’t that strong of a flyer yet anyway, no way would he manage the journey when he was so close to an accident.

“Kakarot’s going to take us home,” Vegeta said. “He’ll teleport us there, just like how we came here. It will only take a second.”

Tarble shook his head. That wouldn’t work, either! That little spinning sensation, the quick wave of extra pressure… It would break his bladder wide open!

“Tarble—“

“I can’t! I’ll— It’ll make me… It’ll—“

“I see,” Vegeta mumbled, apparently aware of what Tarble was referring to. Tarble supposed his older brother had been teleported places when needing to go before. Of course, he wouldn’t tell Kakarot to be careful, he wouldn’t EVER have Kakarot find out he needed to pee…

“We will need to find some way for you to go out here,” Vegeta realized. “… Do you want Kakarot to know about your—“

“What if he laughs?” Tarble said. “He won’t understand!”

Vegeta inhaled sharply. “I can guarantee you that Kakarot will understand.” What he wasn’t sure about was whether or not Kakarot would laugh… Kakarot had never laughed at HIM for this, but there was a possibility that he’d react like Bulma had. That he’d find humor in how one of the few things Vegeta had in common with his brother was an inability to urinate in public settings.

“Is he hurt after all?” Kakarot asked again when he saw Tarble wasn’t getting up. “I’m really, really sorry!”

“No, Kakarot, it’s… Um…” Vegeta gritted his teeth, urging himself to continue. “You know my, uh… Problem?”

“Oh, you need to… Sorry, Vegeta, I dunno HOW I didn’t notice! But, I’m taking you guys home right now, remember?”

“No, that’s not what I— I meant that… That it, uh… That… I’m not the only one who has it. And, Tarble is concerned that he won’t be able to handle the pressure from Instant Transmission without… Coming undone.”

“Wha— You mean, BOTH of you have—“ Goku came closer to them, and now it was obvious where Tarble’s distress was coming from. He’d known Tarble needed to go, but hadn’t realized he was getting all swollen in the middle like Vegeta sometimes did. “Ah, no! I should have figured that out sooner!”

Vegeta’s shoulders slackened. Good. Kakarot didn’t find this amusing in the way Bulma had.

“You’re not laughing?” Tarble asked.

“Of course not!” Kakarot said. “I’ve seen how bad this thing hurts for Vegeta— And Vegeta can keep fighting with two broken arms!”

“Kakarot…” Vegeta seethed.

“Sorry… I just meant that I know this is super painful, so it isn’t funny,” Kakarot gave Tarble a smile. “I’m gonna try doing the same thing for you that I do for your brother, alright? I hope it helps.”

‘Kakarot, why did you have to say it like that?!’ Vegeta thought. Just great! If Kakarot was actually going to do the ‘same thing’ for Tarble now…

Tarble was about to find out that Vegeta needed Kakarot to essentially cheer him on until he pissed! Tarble was about to find out exactly how absurd Vegeta’s situation really was, that he… almost kind of depended on Kakarot to solve his problem a lot of the time, and that the solution Kakarot had found was utterly ridiculous.

“What are you going to do?” Tarble asked. Vegeta could hear the skepticism in his voice.

“I’m gonna stand here— facing away from you, don’t worry— and I’m gonna keep watch so that no one sees you. I dunno if you can sense chi yet, but if you can, focus yourself on mine— Vegeta says that helps him!”

“You weren’t supposed to tell anyone that I said that!” Vegeta gritted out. His teeth were clamped together, making his voice come out in a hiss.

“Oh… Sorry,” Kakarot said. “I didn’t know…”

Alright, so Kakarot’s chi helped Vegeta calm down… Tarble decided that was a sign that they WERE friends. Their relationship was so confusing…

Tarble forced himself over to a tree and unzipped. He focused on Kakarot’s energy, but nothing about the twisting in his chest changed.

When he focused on VEGETA’S energy, however…

It did feel like some knots were loosening.

How weird.

Vegeta’s chi was dense, heavy and seemed to fluctuate all of the time. Kakarot’s chi felt light, floaty and it stayed consistent unless he was actually powering up, so logically IT should have been the calming one.

“I should… Go somewhere else,” Vegeta said.

“Wait, no!” Tarble cried out. If Vegeta walked too far away, Tarble might not be able to latch onto his energy anymore! Tarble was only just learning how to sense chi at all, it was easiest if someone was close to him.

“… Alright,” Vegeta mumbled awkwardly. “Isn’t my presence making it more difficult on you?”

“No,” Tarble said. He concentrated on Vegeta’s chi, on the fact that his big brother was there. His brother was there, and worried about him, and wanting him to feel better. Vegeta would never admit to any of that, but he didn’t have to, Tarble knew it all anyway.

But, Tarble still couldn’t go. It felt so… So strange to be doing this outdoors. He was so exposed… He could feel the breeze on a part of his body that had never felt a breeze before, and that just hammered home how vulnerable he was. All he wanted was for his stream to start flowing, but it remained sealed away inside of his bladder, refusing to budge.

After a couple of minutes, Kakarot spoke up. “… I guess we need to try the next part, huh?” Before Tarble could ask what ‘the next part’ was, Kakarot continued; “You can do this, Tarble! You’re really strong! This isn’t the kind of thing that can defeat you!”

Um… Okay? This was supposed to help? It was kind of… Well, Tarble didn’t really know WHAT to call it. Was this what Kakarot did for Vegeta? Just… kinda… stroked his ego until he started to urinate? And that worked?

… Oh, it was VEGETA, of course THAT worked on him…

It wasn’t having much effect on Tarble, though.

Vegeta blushed as Kakarot tried to ‘encourage’ his brother. Seeing Kakarot do this for someone else made it all the more clear how silly it was. Vegeta still couldn’t believe how helpful it was for him.

But, Kakarot kept going, and Tarble didn’t START going, so obviously it wasn’t nearly as helpful for him. Vegeta was almost surprised that it hadn’t worked. He knew his brother lacked confidence and doubted his abilities. Being bolstered like this SHOULD have had a soothing effect on him.

Did Tarble really care what Kakarot thought of him, though?

Vegeta wasn’t so sure. During the fight today, any time Tarble managed to land an attack, he would turn and look at Vegeta for approval. He didn’t smirk at Kakarot like Vegeta always did.

Loathe as he was to admit it, Kakarot’s opinion mattered more to Vegeta than anyone else’s. So, praise and encouragement from Kakarot was… Well, it was far from being unpleasant. Maybe it was even a little… Kind of… Sort of… Comforting. Just a tiny bit.

But, the person who TARBLE most wanted to impress was…

“Tarble, you can do this,” Vegeta said. “Kakarot is correct, you are very strong. You have come so far in such a short amount of time. You can turn Super Saiyan now, so I’m sure you can defeat this. A—And I’m… Very proud of you.”

Vegeta was rewarded by the sound of liquid flowing against dirt, and a quiet sigh from his brother.

A tense feeling vanished from Vegeta’s chest— A tense feeling that he hadn’t even noticed before.

Tarble exhaled slowly, stunned that this was happening. He was peeing outside, on a planet that wasn’t deserted! Vegeta was right, he could DO this! The pressure that had been tormenting him for so long was washed away as his stream splattered the dirt between his feet. His tail continued to move, now wagging loosely as the relaxation spread through him. His eyes closed and he rested one hand against the tree, lost in the relief.

Goku sighed as well, glad that everything had worked out. He always got startled when he saw Vegeta’s bladder get full enough to appear swollen, it had been even more concerning to see it in Tarble’s smaller frame. It had looked like Tarble would ACTUALLY explode if he got poked with something sharp.

Weird that Vegeta and Tarble BOTH had this thing, though. Were Saiyans just easily prone to it, and Goku hadn’t gotten it because of his head injury? No, that couldn’t be right. If it was something most Saiyans had, Vegeta wouldn’t be so ashamed of it. He’d probably lord it over Goku as something that made him more of a ‘true Saiyan warrior’ than him.

Minutes passed and Tarble still wasn’t done, so that answered at least ONE of Goku’s questions; Tarble’s bladder WAS enormous, just like his brother’s.

Tarble finally finished up with a pleased shiver that made him blush. He stood there awkwardly, not sure if he was supposed to say anything now.

“All done?” Kakarot asked.

“Um… Yeah,” Tarble said. “I…” He stopped. He’d opened his eyes back up, and… Seen that he’d accidentally splashed his boots. His WHITE boots. It was… Definitely noticeable.

“C’mon then,” Kakarot said. “I’m sure you and Vegeta want to go home.”

Tarble didn’t dare turn around. He couldn’t let them see this!

“Tarble,” Vegeta said. “It’s… It’s alright, okay? Kakarot is physically incapable of judging anyone, and I… I… Well… Um… You know! This is one thing I CAN’T hold against you.”

“Vegeta…” Tarble said quietly.

Vegeta groaned and walked over to him. “What?”

  “I… Um…” Tarble fidgeted his feet, drawing Vegeta’s eyes down towards them. “I didn’t know it would splash so much…”

Vegeta took in a deep breath. Idiot… Hadn’t he WATCHED what he was doing?! Still, Vegeta knew all too well how fucking delicate this situation was. “Tarble, it’s… It’s fine,” he said. “There are rivers around here, we can rinse off the boots before we head home, no one else will see.”

“You won’t tell?”

“No. Come on, alright? Let’s clean you up.”

*009*2024-11-28 01:52

Written for the Omovember prompt "Wetting From Emotion".

***

The time came for Tarble to return home, and Vegeta… Definitely did not care. Of course he didn’t. It would be nice to have the gravity room to himself again, and not have to worry about turning the machine up too high. It would be nice to have more alone time again, no one asking him questions or trying to coax him into a conversation.

No one to spar with while Trunks was at school and Kakarot was busy…

Vegeta growled at that thought as he stood in Tarble’s room, watching him get his things together. It was unnecessary. He wasn’t going to miss Tarble. Vegeta had done what was needed; He’d gotten Tarble strong enough to put up a defense against whatever threats came his way. That was all that this visit was meant to achieve, and now Tarble could go back to his planet and get out of Vegeta’s house.

“Vegeta, don’t worry,” Tarble said, noticing the look on Vegeta’s face.

“I’m not worried,” Vegeta snapped, crossing his arms and turning away. What was there to worry about? His brother was a Super Saiyan now. He was strong. He’d be alright… Not that Vegeta cared what happened to him!

“Bulma gave me this communicator,” Tarble said, showing Vegeta a small, round device. “So, I can contact you once I’m back home. And, I’ll come to visit, too. I promise. That will be easier for me now, since Bulma also gave me a capsule like yours, so I won’t have to worry about long trips and needing to—“

“Who says I want you to contact or visit me after this?” Vegeta interrupted, clenching his arms even more firmly. Had he not been wearing gloves, his nails would have been gouging into his skin.

Tarble sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “Vegeta… There’s no one around…”

Vegeta groaned, his jaw tightening as his teeth ground together. Stupid Tarble… Stupid little… Vegeta sort of… Almost kind of held Tarble for a second. The wince Tarble gave when Vegeta squeezed him too tightly helped the older Saiyan feel a little less ridiculous. ‘Testing his strength one last time,’ Vegeta thought. ‘That’s all.’

He released Tarble after just a second; “You contact me the instant you’re home,” he commanded. “And, if you tell ANYONE, on this planet OR yours—“

“I won’t, I won’t!”

***

After Tarble’s departure, Vegeta was in one of his worse moods. He was always incredibly irritable and standoffish, but NOW he snapped at absolutely everything and rarely ever spoke to anyone unless forced to do so.

Bulma had only seen his emotions spiral this badly once before, not long after the Cell Games, and the cause had been the same; Vegeta had been separated from someone he cared a lot for, and he could barely admit that to himself, much less talk to someone else about it.

He was doing a BIT better this time around, at least. Vegeta was still training, that was good. When he’d been separated from Goku, Vegeta had struggled to even get out of bed for a while. The fact that Tarble was actually alive obviously made a difference, and he DID communicate with Vegeta from his home planet every few days— Which could offset Vegeta’s foul mood for an hour or so.

Still, Bulma hoped that he re-adjusted to their distance from each other soon. She was tired of everything setting him off and would like for him to return to his usual ‘grumpy, but still kind of tolerant’ mood.

A call from Trunks’s school told her that it might take a while for Vegeta to calm down again.

***

“Well, that was infuriating,” Vegeta fumed as he stomped into the house.

“Yes, it WAS,” Bulma agreed icily. “Mostly thanks to YOU.”

“ME?!” Vegeta repeated, aghast. “What did I do?!”

“You failed to take ANY of it seriously…”

“Because there was nothing TO take seriously!” Vegeta insisted. “For what purpose did I need to be summoned there today?! It was a waste of my ti—“

“Trunks got into a fight on the playground!” Bulma reminded.

Vegeta rolled his eyes. “Yes. They said that about five hundred times. But, he WON, so I don’t see why they felt the need to call us!”

“Because he shouldn’t be fighting at school!” Bulma fumed.

“This Fungu kid sounds like a real piece of work anyway,” Vegeta said. “You heard what Trunks said; He was picking on a little girl two years younger than him, he deserved to get his face punched in.”

“S—So, I’m not grounded?” Trunks asked, nervously shuffling in behind them.

Vegeta said “No” at the exact same moment Bulma snapped “Yes!”

Bulma groaned, “Trunks, I understand you were trying to defend that girl— And that’s good. But, YOU understand how much stronger you are than all the other kids at your school, don’t you? Even if you’re not trying to, you could really hurt somebody— This isn’t like going to the tournament or sparring with Goten. Most of those kids have no idea how to really fight anyone, especially not a Saiyan.”

“Fungu’s a bully,” Trunks said. “He’s always picking on the younger kids. It makes me mad.”

“Maybe he’ll knock it off now,” Vegeta said. “Since he’s had a taste of actual power… So, what moves did you use on h—“

“VEGETA,” Bulma interrupted sharply, kneeling down beside Trunks. “That sort of thing SHOULD make you mad, Trunks. School isn’t the place for fighting, though. Next time, you tell a teacher if you see something like that happening, okay? They’ll take care of it.”

“But, the teachers don’t DO anything,” Trunks said. “Fungu was picking on that girl for weeks, and nothing happened. I HAD to…”

“You could have seriously injured him,” Bulma reiterated. “But, since you were trying to defend someone else, you’re only grounded for one week instead of two.”

Vegeta scoffed and muttered to himself as Trunks went up to his room. “Bullshit… A Saiyan child, grounded for fighting…”

“Vegeta…” Bulma sighed.

***

That night, Vegeta went to see Trunks in his room. “Whatever the woman says, I’M still proud of you,” he informed.

Trunks nodded, “Thanks, Dad…”

“But… I GUESS you should try to take into account how weak all of your classmates are,” Vegeta added. “We wouldn’t want to have to get your mother’s lawyers involved in anything.”

“Sorry you had to come in, I’ll try to stop getting into trouble,” Trunks said.

“How long has this Fungu kid been causing issues?”

“A while,” Trunks said. “And… I dunno if he’s gonna stop now or not.”

Vegeta frowned. He would have thought getting a Saiyan fist in his jaw would be enough to get this boy to back off. “Really?”

“Yeah, he said he was going to ‘get’ me,” Trunks shrugged. He didn’t seem too bothered, though. Most likely he was thinking that it was better Fungu pick on someone who could defend himself, instead of another little kid who couldn’t.

Vegeta shrugged too. He couldn’t think of anything a mere human child could really DO to a Saiyan. Maybe… Start a stupid rumor, or give Trunks a silly nickname? But, Trunks was quite popular at his school from what Vegeta could tell, so he doubted even that would have too big of an impact.

Trunks wasn’t acting worried, so Vegeta wouldn’t worry, either.

***

Vegeta had turned the gravity room up too high again, but he couldn’t bring himself to lower it again. That would be quitting. Vegeta didn’t quit. Even if just remaining on his feet was requiring a great deal of his energy at the moment. Even if the heightened pressure was causing the water he’d drank that morning to rest a little TOO heavily in his bladder.

He didn’t need to worry about that. He was at home, he could piss as soon as he decided that he was finished training. For now, he could ignore it.

‘Ignoring it’ lasted for about ten more minutes, then he foolishly thought it would be a good idea to do some crunches under the intense gravity, and his bladder loudly voiced its disagreement. It felt a bit like the organ was slammed on all sides by Kattin steel, the pressure exploding out to encompass his entire stomach.

He managed two crunches, each one igniting an awful ripping sensation in his middle, and then he just laid there, unable to make himself continue.

Vegeta didn’t quit…

This wasn’t quitting, though! Vegeta assured himself of this as he painstakingly fought his way back to his feet. This wasn’t quitting, this was merely taking a break. He’d return soon enough, set the gravity back to this exact same level, and resume. He COULD handle this— He could handle it even if he DIDN’T go relieve himself now.

He just… didn’t FEEL like holding it anymore. That was all. This wasn’t a ‘need’, this was just a ‘desire’.

A very, very intense desire that was compelling him to rub his legs together as he dragged himself to the controls. But still, just a desire.

He switched off the machine, and immediately felt much better. The urgent feeling wasn’t digging itself RIGHT up against his opening anymore. It was significantly more manageable. He actually sighed with relief, as the sudden lessening of the pressure felt an awful lot like actually urinating.

He caught himself glancing down at himself, to confirm that he HADN’T started letting go. This prompted a blush, despite him being the only one around to witness that. Of course he wasn’t peeing… What a ridiculous thought!

In fact, after he’d readjusted to the normal gravity again, all the looseness in his bladder disappeared, and his liquids felt like they were battering the stretched walls once again. His legs pressed together for just a second before he started to leave the room.

Heading down the hall towards his bedroom, Vegeta tried to walk as casually as possible. He was in the living area, so it was unlikely any employees would notice him, but Bulma could be around. And, Vegeta felt a little silly about letting himself get this urgently full when he was at home. He could just imagine her scolding him; “This is the only place in the world you can piss, so I’d THINK you’d take more advantage of it than this!”

His bladder ached more with each step, and he tried not to agree with the imaginary Bulma. He had been TRYING not to put it off to the last minute when he could help it, but there WAS always that little part of him that tried to convince him otherwise; “Vegeta, you’re stronger than this! You can wait longer!”

He made it to the bedroom, and the throbs in his midsection intensified. Stupid, suggestible bladder… Always cramping up so much worse in the final few moments. He was almost to the bathroom door when the phone on Bulma’s nightstand began to ring.

He ignored it at first, assuming that the woman would get it wherever she was. It was probably Kakarot asking something inane. He stepped into the restroom and prepared himself to go, taking a deep breath as he waited for the tension to ease.

The phone continued to ring.

The tension DIDN’T ease.

Oh, for fuck’s sake!

‘It’s a damn phone,’ Vegeta thought. ‘Not a person. Not anything that can hear you. It’s an inanimate object.’

The ringing seemed to get louder, and Vegeta could FEEL his holding muscles knotting up in response.

This was ridiculous. One shrill, irritating sound and all of the sudden he couldn’t piss in his own bathroom? How pathetic was that?! There was NO reason for this to be setting him so much on edge.

More ringing, more annoyance, more refusal from his throbbing bladder.

FINE!

Vegeta zipped back up and stormed out of the bathroom. He grabbed the phone and answered; “What is it NOW, Kakarot?!”

“… What’s a Kakarot?” The person on the other end asked.

“Uh… Who’s this?”

“I’m the head-master of the West City school,” the voice explained. “Are you Trunks’s father?”

Vegeta shifted from foot to foot. Had Trunks punched that kid again? Ugh, Vegeta didn’t want another boring lecture… He kept glancing towards the bathroom. Oh, he needed to go… It was all he could think about! He was home, he was in his room! He should have an empty bladder! It wasn’t fair!

“Yes,” he said. He sat down on the bed and jiggled his knee up and down. He couldn’t take this much longer. He wanted to pee. It was all he wanted. He had to get this guy off the phone— Bulma would throw a fit if Vegeta just hung up on him. Plus, he’d probably just call back, and since Vegeta’s bladder refused to release with that irritating sound, it would do him no good.

“There was an incident today,” the head-master said. And… Ugh, was Vegeta imagining this, or did this guy have the slowest voice in the entire world? He drew out every damn word! Vegeta shifted his position again, crossing one leg over the other. He didn’t care what trouble Trunks had gotten into now. He would NEVER care about these stupid calls. And, at the moment, he cared even less than usual. ALL he cared about was getting some fucking relief from the tides roaring inside him.

“Whatever he did, you can tell me when I get down there,” Vegeta snapped, starting to rock a little where he was sitting. WHY hadn’t he gone earlier? He’d had access to a usable toilet ALL day, and he’d allowed his bladder to fill to this extent anyway! “It should only take me a few minu—“

“Trunks didn’t do anything,” the head-master said. “What we think happened is…”

And, a few seconds later, something changed. For the first time, Vegeta actually gave a damn about a phone call from Trunks’s school. He gave SO much of a damn, in fact, that his intense need for the bathroom managed to slip his mind. His heart hammered in his chest, a million memories of Frieza taunting him swirling around him, but one standing out above all the others.

Vegeta was out of the house immediately. He didn’t bother doing anything to get ready— He’d show up in his sweaty armor, marred with a few holes from the workout he’d been in the middle of. To Hell with what anyone had to say about his appearance. There wasn’t time to change. There wasn’t time to do ANYTHING. There wasn’t even time to go all the way to the front door and leave PROPERLY, he instead opened the bedroom window and flew out through it as fast as he could.

He needed details. He needed to know how bad this was. He needed to know if there was any chance he could still salvage this, stop it from snowballing, make it okay.

From the sounds of it, that was unlikely.

From the sounds of it, there was at least one person Vegeta needed to pummel the living daylights out of.

He made it to the school in record time. In fact, he wasn’t sure if he’d EVER moved that quickly before outside of an actual battle. It was almost like he’d suddenly mastered Instant Transmission himself.

He landed outside of it, and THEN he remembered his bladder. Oh, fuck, did he ever remember his bladder… Liquid sloshed and burned up inside of him, only adding to the Hellish sensations careening through him. He tensed his legs, and tried to get a handle on things, but then scolded himself. There wasn’t time for this— He knew nothing would spill out of him in public— Especially not when he felt like THIS. His bladder felt like a time-bomb about to reach zero, but one of the components was broken beyond repair, so even once the timer went off, it would remain in one piece.

He ran inside, and cursed himself for never bothering to memorize the layout of this place. He had no idea where the room was that he was looking for. He couldn’t even sense Trunks’s chi— The boy was lowering it, trying to hide it. That was a very, VERY bad sign.

Blood rushed in Vegeta’s ears, his chest tightened, his breaths grew shorter and more frayed. He felt himself sparking, his energy out of control as he ran in no particular direction, his bladder boiling and thrashing with even more intensity as he continued to move far faster than it could endure. Fuck, fuck, fuck! He had to go! It hurt, the heat was pumping its way up his back, he needed to lessen the pressure!

He found the restrooms, and his body BEGGED him to please, please, PLEASE just TRY, insisting that if he even managed to get just ONE drop out, he’d feel world’s better. But, he knew it wouldn’t work. He’d just stand there for ages, feeling worse by the second, and there was no TIME for that.

He located Trunks’s classroom and shoved his way inside. Trunks’s teacher stared at him, confused by his disheveled clothes and, even more so, by the small pings of light flaring off of him, the flickers of energy in his hair brought on him trying to suppress his transformation into a Super Saiyan.

“Um…”

“Where’s Trunks?!” Vegeta demanded.

At the mention of his son’s name, there was snickering amongst the kids. Vegeta whirled and glared so hard that they all shut up instantly.

“He’s in the office—“

“WHERE?”

The teacher took a deep breath and sighed, “It’s right down the next hall, third door on the left.”

Vegeta bolted off again, his back screeching at him to slow down, his speed was making that pain ignite even faster than usual. He turned the corner, and the acid blazed a trail up to his ribs. He shouted aloud, the agony drawing out an anguished cry and forcing him to slow back down for a second, before he was able to fight through it and drag himself forward again.

He was in the office after just a couple more seconds, and the tension in his body tripled as he was finally forced to stand still and assess the situation.

The head-master was staring at him like he looked insane— Hell, he probably DID, but he didn’t care. A few boys around Trunks’s age were gathered together, giggling amongst themselves. Trunks was sat in a chair, his hands over his lap, looking more ashamed than Vegeta had ever seen him. Trunks was blushing up to his ears, down his neck. He was biting his lip. His eyes were shimmering as he tried not to cry.

And… Those three other boys… Vegeta’s fists clenched, heat gathered in his palms. If these kids had done what he THOUGHT they’d done, then he wished there was some way he could chi-blast human children and then not have to get Bulma’s lawyers involved afterwards.

“Trunks’s father, I assume?” The head-master said, he kept glancing at Vegeta’s hair, which was continuing to flicker uncontrollably.

“…Yes…” Vegeta managed. For once, he had no desire to educate anyone about his Saiyan heritage, to explain why his hair could spontaneously change color, or why sparks kept jolting off of his body. He didn’t want to explain that he was a Saiyan, and these things sometimes happened to him when he felt angry or… Or anxious.

Vegeta… Felt… Anxious.

He felt really anxious…

It was anxiety, coursing through every vein he had, head-to-toe, and it was getting worse.

Vegeta had anxiety… A lot of it…

“What… What has occurred here?” Vegeta made himself ask. He was trying to keep still, but that was impossible. His bladder was overflowing, his back was splitting apart. He shouldn’t have been here right now. He should have been at home, pissing a damned water-fall into the toilet.

“Just another incident between Trunks, Fungu, Arlic and Fennel…” the head-master said.

Vegeta looked over at the three snickering boys. What he wouldn’t give to be able to kick their teeth out… He slapped a palm down on the desk, and then hoped that the flinch this prompted wasn’t noticeable. The impact had traveled up his arm and then back down to his trembling, overwhelmingly full bladder. “What happened?”

“I… I think it would be best if Trunks tells you… He is not the one in trouble today. He isn’t being sent home for disciplinary reasons, we just thought it would be easier on him if he spent the rest of the day out of school.”

Vegeta twitched. His energy— His anxiety, his awful, intense, never-ending anxiety— flared. “I would like to know—“

“I— I wasn’t there for the incident,” the head-master interrupted. It was obvious he was frightened of Vegeta, but Vegeta took no triumph in that. He’d managed to scare a weakling human out of telling him important information. Big fucking deal.

He WANTED to scare those three little shit-head kids over there, but they were ignoring him. And, everything he could think of to grab their attention WOULD result in Bulma needing to call her lawyers.

“Trunks, come on,” Vegeta said. He grasped his son’s hand and started to leave the office with him.

“Thinks he’s so tough, and then he’s gotta hold Daddy’s hand after he pisses himself…” one of the little assholes laughed.

Vegeta’s hair flickered again. He could NOT transform. He couldn’t let that happen! He was barely in control of himself NOW in his normal form, but as a Super Saiyan? His self-control was almost non-existent then. He heard the head-master scold the boy, but that wasn’t ENOUGH. That wasn’t NEARLY enough… Vegeta quickened his pace, which made his back hurt so much worse, and took Trunks out of the school.

“Dad, I’m sorry, I—“

“Trunks, I—“ Vegeta wanted to say something comforting, something reassuring, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t… BE here anymore. He had to get home, he just HAD to. “I— We… Have to… Go home. Right now.”

“Dad…?”

“We’re leaving,” Vegeta said. “I can’t take it anymore.” He knew he was saying all of the wrong things, and he wasn’t able to stop. He had to get home, to privacy. His bladder was going to burst, but it physically COULDN’T burst out here. He just… He had to be alone, had to have seclusion. And, if he exploded before he could get his clothes out of the way, that was fine, just so long as all this liquid was OUT of him.

First, he had to make himself fly, and with how upset Trunks was, he was going to have to carry him.

That was next to impossible, and Vegeta ended up stuck much lower than he usually was, and he moved too slowly, but they got home. Vegeta was just lucky it was such a short flight, any longer and it might have killed him. The bedroom window was still open from before, and Vegeta went back through it. He set Trunks down.

“Dad, I’m sorry,” Trunks repeated.

“It’s okay, it’s okay,” Vegeta said, trying to sound soothing and failing miserably. He badly wanted to talk to Trunks and find out what exactly had happened at school today, but his bladder was demanding to be taken care of first. His bathroom was RIGHT there, and he needed it so badly that he was walking towards it without even ushering Trunks away first.

“Dad, please don’t be angry at me…” Trunks mumbled, making him stop abruptly.

“I’m NOT,” Vegeta said, turning back around. His insides twisted and spasmed. His body recognized how close he was to his bathroom, and the desire to squeeze and pump out every drop was stronger than ever before.

“You are! You almost turned into a Super Saiyan at the school, I could tell—“

“Because I WANTED to beat the shit out of those other three bastards, not you,” Vegeta insisted, pacing over to the bed and sitting down on it before knotting his legs together in immense urgency. He silently screamed at himself to just GO, to send Trunks out and make use of the facilities that were readily available just a few steps away. But, he couldn’t. Not when Trunks was looking at him like… like THAT. “I’m mad at THEM, not YOU. What the Hell did they do to you?”

Trunks said nothing. He turned and faced away from Vegeta. “Maybe I’ll tell Mom later…”

No. This was something Vegeta needed to know— He knew how this worked, so maybe he could stop it from getting worse!

Or maybe he’d just MAKE it worse… That was what he’d done to himself, after all. He’d made HIMSELF worse… And— And, if he let Trunks be, if he didn’t press, he’d be able to use the restroom! That was what he needed most right now, wasn’t it? That was what he’d KILL to be able to do, wasn’t it?

Trunks sniffled. “I’m sorry… I tried not to…”

“What happened?” Vegeta asked once more, uncrossing his legs and hurriedly knotting them back up in the other direction. A hand began to creep over his lap, dying to squeeze at himself.

“… S—So, they… They changed it so we can go inside during recess, and that means I can… Go to the bathroom, then…”

Vegeta nodded. That made sense. Trunks hadn’t been coming home in quite such a big rush lately, which indicated he’d actually been relieving himself at school.

“So… Um… Because of that, I… I don’t stop myself from drinking water there anymore, but then I always really have to go at recess…”

Another nod. He hoped Trunks didn’t begin restricting fluids again now. Then again, if that was ALL that happened, Vegeta would consider himself lucky.

“And, uh, today I had to go like always. But… Um… Fungu and his friends knew because of how I was moving around, and Calculi had me stay back a couple minutes to talk about something…”

Vegeta fought not to grimace. His son had needed to piss— And it must have been obvious if those little assholes had noticed it. Why couldn’t his teacher have waited and badgered him later?

“S—So, there’s three stalls in the bathroom at school, and… The urinal wasn’t working today…” Trunks explained. “And… Fungu and his friends locked themselves in all the stalls so that I couldn’t go.”

At that, Vegeta was confused, bouncing his knees rapidly as he allowed the hand to make contact with his groin, he pointed out; “Trunks, you’re a Super Saiyan, and I think the locks on those things could get shattered by a sharp breeze….”

Trunks blushed harder, looking more ashamed.

Vegeta’s blood dropped another few degrees, and the liquid in his bladder felt more solid and heavy, resting harshly against his opening. That was definitely the wrong thing to say.

“Y—Yeah, I know,” Trunks said. “But, one time I broke one of the doors on ACCIDENT and got in a ton of trouble for it! If I did it again, and on PURPOSE—“

“I would have sorted it out!” Vegeta interrupted before he could stop himself. Dammit, he had to stop saying things!

Trunks’s face fell. “You would have?”

Vegeta nodded. If Trunks had just done THAT, and the phone call Vegeta had received had been in regards to the property damage, Vegeta would have just gone to school, asked Trunks what happened… Then he would have shouted at the head-master. “My son is NOT to be punished for this! Those three little shit-bags wouldn’t let him piss, so he used the only option he had at his disposal!” And he would have just CONTINUED shouting until the head-master saw that his point-of-view was the only correct one.

“I— I wish I had just…” Trunks shifted uncomfortably again. “But, I didn’t want to get in trouble again, so I thought they’d get bored, or… Something. I tried going outside and coming back later, but they were STILL there, and I really needed to go… And… Fungu said maybe he’d let me if I begged him…”

No.

Fuck no.

The pressure was all over Vegeta’s body now, all of it white-hot and scorching, battling hard against the ice crystals encompassing his lungs and stalling his breathing. His abdomen cramped again and again, and he felt himself leak each time. His grip on himself tightened. He needed to—

He needed to know what these kids had done to his son.

“I didn’t want to do that, and I waited a couple minutes, but then I didn’t have a choice, and I did what he wanted. I begged him, and it was super embarrassing. And he kept saying ‘beg more’ and ‘beg harder’.”

Vegeta’s chest hurt, his lungs almost felt like they were collapsing. They were just so tight and so cold. He realized that he’d stopped breathing, and when he tried to inhale, the tightness inside of him amplified, wrapping thick, unbreakable ropes around his throbbing, consistently surging bladder.

“So… So, I did, and… I’m sorry. Saiyans shouldn’t beg…”

“It’s… It’s okay…” Vegeta tried to assure him, but his voice was so frayed he didn’t even know if the words were audible.

“But, I begged him, and then he said ‘Nope, not good enough,’ and he and his friends just laughed and ignored everything I said after that, like I wasn’t even there.”

The ice shards in Vegeta’s body solidified further. He felt as though sharp icicles were piercing through his lungs, preventing him from breathing, preventing him from doing anything. The icicles dipped down low, jamming into his bladder, stabbing the sensitive, stretched walls. In the back of his mind, it was Frieza’s laughter that he heard.

“A—And… I really had to go, I just… I couldn’t… I thought about using the urinal even though it was broken, or the sink even though I knew I’d be in big trouble if someone walked in and saw. I thought about going outside and seeing if I could fly all the way home and back without anybody noticing. But, I… I guess I took too long to decide, and I… I just… I really…” Trunks looked like he was fighting back tears again.

“Trunks, it’s…”

“It’s NOT okay,” Trunks insisted. “They heard me go on the floor and they finally came out and they laughed so much, and… And Fennel said they should take a picture, so I ran, and I wasn’t even thinking, I was just trying to get away from them. They chased me all over the school, and eventually we ended up outside on the playground where everybody else was, and—“

“More people saw what happened?”

“Worse,” Trunks shook his head. “Fungu yelled SUPER loud so that everybody noticed and came to see. And, Fungu kept laughing, and talking about how I was supposed to be the coolest kid in school, and how I think I’m so tough, and how that’s obviously not true because I can’t even… Can’t even hold it… And he kept asking stuff like ‘Does Trunks seem cool now?’ And… I tried not to cry, but everybody was looking, and…”

Vegeta felt so chilled to the bone now that he wondered how he was even still alive. Surely his overall body temperature had dropped to a fatal level. This… This could not be happening.

Frieza had been reincarnated in the form of a shit-head human child. That was the only explanation.

All of it… It was almost identical to… To the event that had cursed Vegeta. Denied the restroom, forced to beg, then denied again. Total loss of control. Humiliated in front of a crowd. Having the qualities about himself he took the most pride in torn apart.

Trunks was going to be cursed too. Vegeta saw no way of pulling him back from this. Nothing he could do, nothing he could say that could possibly make—

“This same thing happened to me!” Vegeta blurted out, once again speaking before he could even begin to properly think it through. “Almost exactly the same!” And, then he was off, recounting that whole ordeal with Frieza from start to finish. And, he made himself speak as normally as he could— He made himself power through, no stammering, no pauses. He made himself go over it as if he were describing one of his best battles, one of his greatest accomplishments. He told his son about being forced to piss his pants, and then being humiliated for it, like he was telling him that he’d finally defeated Kakarot.

And, it HURT. His middle twisted into knots, the pressure in his bladder reaching a level he hadn’t even thought possible, as he forced his way through it— Speaking with confidence and arrogance about one of the worst, most embarrassing moments of his entire life. But, he did it, because he NEEDED to. Trunks looked up to him! Trunks wouldn’t feel as bad if he knew VEGETA had gone through the same thing and had been perfectly fine aft—

“… This is why you have… Um… That ‘thing’, isn’t it?” Trunks interrupted him. He frowned. “Do you think I’m gonna have that now?”

FUCK.

Right. Vegeta HADN’T been perfectly fine afterwards. He had been the exact antithesis of ‘perfectly fine’. He hadn’t even been in the same solar system as ‘perfectly fine’. And, to this very day, DECADES later, he STILL wasn’t. Case in point, the horrific, acidic agony still tearing its way through his body at this very moment.

“N—No!” Vegeta exclaimed. Hearing Trunks voice one of his worst nightmares out-loud made it TOO damned real. “You won’t— You— You… If… If you have any… Any trouble— ANY at all, you are to tell me IMMEDIATELY,” he decided. “And, I’ll— I’ll— I’ll do something.” The problem was, he had no idea what that ‘something’ would be, just this vague inkling that if he somehow helped Trunks in the early stages of this… Awful thing, it would NEVER get as bad for his son as it was for him.

But, he hoped that nothing would happen at all and he wouldn’t need to do anything. He HAD to hope for that.

“F—For now, just try to forget about it,” Vegeta said, knowing that wasn’t likely to be possible. “You can stay home from school for a couple days, and… Spend that time with Kakarot’s brat,” he settled on. That would be for the best, right? If Trunks immediately went back to the place where the ‘incident’ occurred, and had to be around those same people again, of course he’d have a harder time.

But, staying with Goten instead— His best friend, someone he trusted and felt comfortable around— Trunks shouldn’t have much trouble. He’d have time to destress, and… If there were any issues, Kakarot’s family would be understanding. Kakarot could take Trunks straight home, Trunks could tell Vegeta, and Vegeta could…

Do… Whatever… He’d… Do…

Hopefully he wouldn’t need to figure out what that actually WAS.

“Okay…” Trunks said, but he still had such a broken expression on his face. He was ashamed, he was humiliated, and Vegeta got the feeling that, no matter how many times he tried to say otherwise, Trunks STILL thought he was angry at him.

Vegeta’s trembling probably wasn’t helping that matter very much. “Trunks, I—“

“I’m going…” Trunks said dully, starting to leave the room.

“That’s not—“

Trunks had already left.

Vegeta wasn’t making this any better. He didn’t know how to. Trunks was upset, and Vegeta couldn’t fix it. Trunks was upset, and Vegeta knew where that could lead. He imagined the agony his son could go through, and when he pictured Trunks being forced to endure the kidney pains still currently surging in his own back, Vegeta felt short of breath.

He wanted to go after Trunks, but when he stood from the bed, the sharp pains inside of him insisted that he couldn’t put off the task of relieving himself any longer. Now that Trunks was gone and he had the room to himself, it was even harder to hold it in; The usual psychological block had been removed, and if his bladder wanted to cramp and push everything out, it was going to happen.

He tried to push the thoughts of Trunks from his mind, the concerns, the… The anxiety… But, it wouldn’t go away. As he walked into the restroom, it just got worse. His body flashed hot and cold, his bladder convulsed brutally enough to make him double over, and images of Trunks enduring this type of pain wrapped icy ropes around him, squeezing particularly harshly over his bladder, and—

Vegeta didn’t actually realize what was happening to him until after he’d gotten the toilet seat up, then he felt the warmth moving down his leg, dispelling the chills that had been rushing through him. He heard the distinct, sharp hiss of liquid gushing recklessly through fabric. He looked down and saw the dark patch spreading over his clothes, and for a second he couldn’t believe it.

He hoped against hope that this— Every last bit of it— was just a nightmare. He’d… Had nightmares just like this before, where he held it for ages and then lost control of his bladder right in front of the toilet— The most pathetic thing he could possibly do to himself. So, maybe that meant this was just another one of those!

He was going to wake up in bed any second now, desperate to go and maybe… Maybe just a TINY bit damp… And none of this would be real. He’d wake up, and learn that Trunks hadn’t ACTUALLY been bullied into having an accident and then humiliated for it. He’d wake up, and know that Trunks was in no danger of inheriting this problem from him.

It took him a second to register that he wasn’t even THAT focused on hoping that his OWN accident was just a dream— Just his son’s, and the harder he wished that Trunks had been spared from that embarrassment today, the more his bladder compressed on itself to shove its contents out as quickly as possible. His chest hurt, and he was failing to draw a proper amount of air into his lungs. He felt like he was underwater, suffocating.

Still not wanting to accept that this was real, but also not wanting to create a massive mess, Vegeta stepped into the shower. The crotch of his pants was so sodden and slippery, and he was shaking so badly that he couldn’t work the zipper, nor could he stop peeing no matter how hard he tried to clench. His chest heaved and his vision blurred, he was breathing hard and yet it felt like he wasn’t getting any oxygen at all. His lungs were burning, hot dampness continued to gush down his leg, pooling into the bottom of the shower.

As he struggled for air and uncontrollably voided his bladder all over himself, he felt absolutely no relief of any kind. It was only getting harder to breathe, tight bands wrapping firmly around his esophagus, to the point it felt exactly like being choked by Frieza. And, his bladder emptying itself in the midst of that just hurt, his urethra burned and stung as the liquid was forcibly ejected with so much intensity.

As always, it took him ages to empty out completely. His breathing finally returned to normal before he was finished, and with that constricting panic out of the way, the shame was finally able to overtake him. He was fucking pissing himself. In his bathroom. When, for the majority of the day, he’d had ample opportunity to just GO without any issues! He had done this to himself!

He could have just taken a damn break from training and relieved himself before he’d become desperate. He SHOULD have been able to let it out while the stupid phone was ringing! He should have pissed BEFORE going to Trunks’s school. He should have at least made an ATTEMPT to go there! He should have talked to Trunks later, AFTER he’d taken care of himself! He certainly shouldn’t have gotten so worked up over everything that he forgot how to breathe and pissed himself!

But… He’d… Been… So… Anxious.

He was still SO anxious…

He’d pissed himself because he had anxiety.

He normally COULDN’T piss at all because he had anxiety.

Vegeta just had SO damn much anxiety!

He was twitching as the last spurts left his bladder, anxious about what he was going to do now— Both about his soaked clothes and about Trunks.

He decided he could solve the FIRST problem just by turning on the shower. If he got his outfit completely soaked, no one would be able to tell what had happened. It felt very odd to be standing in the shower with the water on, still in his clothes, but he felt like it was washing away some of the humiliation. No one would ever have to know about this. Only him. And there wasn’t a being in the universe that could torture this information out of him.

He then cleaned off what little had gotten on the floor, and stepped out of the restroom.

Bulma was there, immediately questioning; “What happened to Tr—“ She broke off. “Vegeta… Why did you shower with your clothes on?”

“It’s— It’s a new training technique! The water makes your clothes feel heavier, so if I wear them in the gravity room, I’ll—“

“It’s gonna chafe your skin,” Bulma scolded. “Don’t do that!”

*010*2024-11-29 02:07

Written for the Omovember prompt "Puppy Pads".

***

The next day, Vegeta struggled to train. He just couldn’t focus. Trunks was at Kakarot’s house with Goten, and Vegeta was completely pre-occupied with thoughts of how the boy was doing. He was utterly terrified that, in spite of everything, he had managed to curse his son. He honestly thought that he had. Trunks had not drank nearly as much at breakfast this morning as he usually did, and Vegeta couldn’t help but notice that.

He tried telling himself that maybe Trunks just hadn’t been that thirsty. He tried reminding himself that Kakarot liked those sickeningly sweet energy drinks, so perhaps Trunks was just planning to drink more THERE. He tried convincing himself that, even if Trunks was a little wary of his fluid intake today, that didn’t automatically mean that EVERYTHING ELSE was going to follow.

None of it worked to calm Vegeta’s nerves.

He even tried thinking about the OTHER Trunks, the one from the future. THAT Trunks had been fully-grown. Vegeta’s Problem had begun in childhood, as had Tarble’s. So, if the adult Trunks from the future had been alright, Vegeta thought that had to mean HIS Trunks would be okay as well— The OTHER Trunks had been through far more terrible things and would have a greater reason to develop, ugh, ‘anxieties’.

And the other Trunks had been…

Um…

Vegeta had spent an entire year alone in the time-chamber with the other Trunks, and he could not remember seeing Trunks head to the restroom even once. Trunks had also never expressed the urge to go. But, looking back, Vegeta COULD recall instances where it LOOKED like Trunks needed to go.

Vegeta heard blood rushing in his ears again— Hold on, hold on… Vegeta hadn’t exactly been very PLEASANT to Trunks during that time. He’d mostly just shouted at him, insulted him, fought him until they were both too exhausted to move… It was perfectly reasonable to assume that Trunks just hadn’t WANTED to show any kind of vulnerability to Vegeta; That Vegeta, specifically, had been the problem and that Trunks was FINE around anyone else.

No need to jump to any conclusions.

But… What if the future version Trunks HAD been dealing with this stupid thing? Didn’t that make it all the more likely for CURRENT Trunks to end up the same way?

Vegeta had to find out. Just to put his mind at ease. Unfortunately, he had no way of contacting the other Trunks, but he could ask someone else if they’d… Noticed anything.

Who to ask? Kakarot? Kakarot would grasp the full meaning behind Vegeta’s concern, and he lacked the capacity to think that his question was strange. But, Kakarot had spent a lot of that period of time bed-ridden and sick, certainly not taking notice of future-Trunks’s peeing habits.

Krillin and Gohan had been around future-Trunks a lot. But, asking them would necessitate Vegeta explaining a LOT of things to them, so he quickly wrote that idea off as impossible.

Really, the only person he thought of that might work was Bulma. Asking her would still be a delicate process, however. Vegeta had NOT told Bulma about what had happened to Trunks yesterday, or that the boy was skipping school to be with Goten today. As far as she knew, nothing upsetting had happened to their son and he was currently in class as usual.

So, his sudden interest in how future-Trunks had behaved was going to look like it was coming out of nowhere.

Thankfully, the infuriating teasing she’d given him upon finding out that Tarble shared his Problem gave him an idea of how to manage it.

“Do you honestly think my… Um… Thing… Is genetic?” Vegeta asked her, once he’d given up on training and she’d taken a break from the lab.

“Your thing?”

“Y—You know…” Vegeta groaned. “The… Um… The thing that Tarble and I both have. Do you think it actually DOES run in our blood?”

“Well, it is a weird coincidence that you BOTH have it even though you didn’t grow up together,” Bulma said. “Did either of your parents—“

“I don’t know,” Vegeta interrupted. He suddenly wished that he DID. As silly as it was— He and Tarble both had this problem because of specific events that had happened to them. Trunks… Trunks MIGHT develop it for the same reason. If it was sparked by a person’s experiences, that meant it wasn’t hereditary. That meant it shouldn’t have MATTERED whether or not his parents had dealt with this.

Still, Vegeta thought he might feel a little more at ease if he knew that neither of them had. Like, somehow, that would reassure him that Trunks would be okay after all.

“I… I shouldn’t say this… I know how much you hate this word,” Bulma began, frowning. Her tone was very hesitant, she knew how easy it was to set Vegeta off. “But, there is a genetic component to anxiety.”

Vegeta felt a tightening in his ribs, the rush of blood returned to his ears, his heartbeat quickened.

Vegeta had anxiety… He hated it, but it was true. That awful, cloying, cold feeling had a name.

“And,” Bulma continued when Vegeta didn’t immediately start to protest. Carefully, very gently, she asked; “When did you first start to get that feeling in your chest?”

Vegeta tried to remember the first time he’d felt chilly, icy tendrils coil themselves around him. The first time they’d tied him down and told him that he wasn’t good enough, that he would never be good enough. He couldn’t remember. It had always, ALWAYS been there, popping in and out of his life, making him feel weak. “W—Well, the, um… The urination issue began when I was four, as you know…”

“So, very, VERY young,” Bulma said. “What about Tarble? Do you know when he started to feel this way?”

Vegeta could remember Tarble having a… Freak-out when he was two years old. Frieza had said something to him, whispered it to him, Vegeta hadn’t even been able to hear it. And, then Tarble was… fighting for air, exclaiming “Veggie, Veggie! I can’t breathe!”

“… You said something about panic attacks once before,” Vegeta sighed. He’d never had a panic attack— He’d never had a panic attack. The prince of the Saiyans did NOT have panic attacks.

“I did,” Bulma nodded. “You’ve had… A couple of those.”

“I haven’t— I—“ Vegeta shook his head, like he could dislodge the idea. “I think Tarble had one when he was two, though.”

“TWO?!” Bulma repeated, dismayed. “Your brother had a panic attack when he was two?!”

“I THINK so,” Vegeta repeated. “I’m not certain of it.”

“But, it sounds like BOTH of you started dealing with these sorts of feelings when you were extremely little.”

“So what?”

“So, the younger a person is when they begin to experience anxiety, the more likely it is that it’s hereditary and has something to do with your genetics.”

Shit… That was…

Well, that was just preposterous! That was what it was! The Saiyan royal lineage could not have POSSIBLY been bogged down by ANY weaknesses. And certainly not a silly emotional one. His family was made up of the very best, the top elites of the most fierce warrior race to ever walk the galaxy. To suggest that the entire bloodline had been infected by this… ‘anxiety’ nonsense…

“And, since both of you had stressful experiences involving urination,” Bulma continued, oblivious to Vegeta’s fervent denial, “It makes sense that you’d each have your anxiety manifest the way that it ha—“

“N—No,” Vegeta said. This couldn’t be right. If it was true, if this feeling was genetic, then… Then his family couldn’t have been the greatest fighters of their race. They’d had a weakness, an embarrassing, shameful weakness… And maybe his parents HADN’T had this stupid bladder issue, but something else instead.

And when he dug deep into his few remaining memories of his parents, he was forced to acknowledge that his mother had never once been able to give a speech to her subjects. She’d never managed to address a large crowd beyond a few, stuttered sentences, before stepping aside and letting Vegeta’s father finish.

His mother had always been too anxious to speak in front of so many Saiyans.

And, his father… He tried to recall if he’d noticed anything similar from his father. For a few seconds, his racing heart settled down as he COULDN’T come up with anything. His father could speak to an audience just fine. He’d never seen his father hyperventilate. As far as he knew, his father had had no issues urinating. Nothing even remotely close to—

His father had one attack that was stronger than all his others. It was an incredibly deadly and destructive burst of energy. He used it often during the battles Vegeta had accompanied him on. Except, there were a few occasions where he hadn’t used it— Where he hadn’t been ABLE to use it; All of them were missions that had been attended by Frieza, observed beneath his sharp gaze.

His father had been too anxious to control his chi correctly in front of Frieza.

The Saiyan royal family was made up of elite fighters— Elite fighters whom had nerves that were shot to Hell… “My mother struggled with public speaking and my father had issues using certain attacks in Frieza’s presence,” Vegeta said, finally. “Are those… Related?”

Bulma nodded, “They are… They’re actually VERY close to what you have, because those are other forms of social anxiety.”

“So… It is… It’s hereditary,” Vegeta said. He wasn’t sure if his voice had ever sounded that hollow before.

“Anxiety itself is,” Bulma emphasized. “Your specific… Struggle is not. What you’re dealing with comes from things that have happened in your past.”

But, now Trunks had had almost the EXACT same thing happen to him. And, if his genetics meant he was more likely to experience high levels of anxiety…

There was nothing that Vegeta could do, was there?

This was the worst feeling in the world; Complete powerlessness. The knowledge that one of the worst things he could imagine was going to come true, and that there wasn’t a damn thing he could do to prevent it.

“… What about Trunks,” he asked.

“Has he been anxious about something lately?”

“I— I meant the OTHER Trunks,” Vegeta clarified. “Did he… Also have my… I was thinking about it earlier for some reason…”

Bulma hesitated. “I… never mentioned this to you because… Well, I didn’t even know you were dealing with this until after that Trunks had gone back to his timeline… And, then I didn’t want to make you angry by bringing it up, but—“

“He… Had it, didn’t he?” Vegeta gathered.

Bulma nodded. “He told me before he went into the time chamber with you— He was concerned about how he’d be able to manage it in there… But then, YOU never went near the bathroom when he was around, so it worked out…”

D—Dammit… If the other Trunks HADN’T had it, then Vegeta could have at least had a small shred of hope to hang onto that his OWN Trunks couldn’t actually develop it…

But, no. Trunks was predisposed towards having severe anxiety. Trunks had gone through nearly exactly what Vegeta had gone through. Trunks’s future counterpart already had the Problem.

“Vegeta?” Bulma asked. “You’ve gone very pale, what’s wrong?”

“What about OUR Trunks?” Vegeta said. “Something… Occurred yesterday, I’ve been quite concerned that, no matter what I do, I’m going to pass this down to him. And, it’s sounding more and more likely…”

Bulma frowned. She could assume at least a little about what had happened to their son yesterday. Even if Trunks had had an accident, that didn’t mean anything serious would come from it, but she knew reminding Vegeta of that wouldn’t make him relax. Even if Trunks DID start having some trouble now, it wouldn’t be Vegeta’s fault— But he would never believe her if she told him that. He WOULD blame himself, completely, and his OWN progress could possibly be undone by it.

“You know what OUR Trunks has that the other one didn’t?” Bulma asked. “That you and Tarble both didn’t? Our Trunks has a father that wants to protect him and will take care of him if he ever needs help with anything.”

“But, how am I supposed to help Trunks if I can’t even—“

“By being there for him,” Bulma said. “By letting him know that, if he needs anything, he can come to you.”

That was just… Exactly what he’d ALREADY done, though! How could that be enough?!

“And,” Bulma looked away again. “If he DOES end up with this… You can TALK to him about it.”

“T—TALK to him?!” Vegeta repeated, mortified. “You want me to have… CONVERSATIONS with him about—“

“You talked to Tarble, didn’t you?” Bulma reminded. “And, I think that helped BOTH of you a lot.”

“But… Trunks is… My son. I can’t be… speaking in detail about such things to him.”

“What things?”

“My….” Vegeta looked down at his boots. He wished a crater would open up and devour him, before he had to acknowledge once again that he had such things. “My… My weaknesses…”

“You are SUPPOSED to be vulnerable around your family,” Bulma reminded him. “Opening up to Tarble made you feel SO good, didn’t it? Don’t even TRY to deny it.”

“Tch… It wasn’t… Horrible,” Vegeta allowed.

“Then, you can talk to Trunks if you need to,” Bulma assured him. “But, I’m sure he’ll be okay. Try not to worry about this.”

Vegeta was so baffled by her final statement; If he had to TRY not to worry about something then, by definition, he was ALREADY worried about it! That was asinine!

Ugh, Earthlings…

***

Perhaps Vegeta should have expected it, but he was STILL dismayed when he tried to take a piss break later that day and found that his body wasn’t in the mood to cooperate. “‘Try not to worry about Trunks,’” he repeated mockingly to himself, under his breath. He knew that was the cause of his continued tension, his inability to void while alone and secluded in his restroom; What should have been most ideal circumstances for him to urinate in.

He was not yet desperate for release, but he was noticeably uncomfortable. And, after yesterday, when he’d put off pissing for too long and his stupid, fucking… ugh… ‘anxiety’ had stabbed a damn hole through the balloon of his bladder… Well, he was trying to be a bit more proactive about getting himself drained out before the urge became critical.

‘Come on…’ he thought, resisting the urge to push his hand against his lower stomach. That wouldn’t work. It NEVER worked. He KNEW that it never worked. But, for some infuriating reason, he ALWAYS wanted to try it anyway. ‘Come on, come on… I’m alone, dammit…’

Irritation bloomed as his bladder throbbed more insistently. Looking at a toilet always made him need to pee worse. Like, his bladder kept ALMOST loosening itself, only to tie everything back down at the last possible second. He was experiencing numerous ‘false starts’ as he stood there, trying to force his body into compliance.

He kept NEARLY peeing! He felt it, he felt heat at his tip, he felt like something was shifting inside of him, and then it would fade away, leaving a stinging pang rather than relief. And, EVERY time it happened, he thought; ‘Is this happening to Trunks at Kakarot’s house right now?’ And then everything in him would tense up so much that he ached.

Vegeta’s hand mashed itself into his bladder. Of course, nothing was pushed loose. Nothing changed, apart from a stark increase in the severity of his discomfort. He hadn’t even meant to press that hard, but when he could accidentally put cracks in the walls by tapping them, of course he could make the stone of his bladder shudder when he was just trying to gently squeeze it into releasing.

He let go, bouncing on his toes to quell the pain he’d just subjected himself to. ‘Come ON!’ He pleaded with himself. ‘You are ALONE! There is NO reason for this to be so damned hard!’ He reached over and cranked on the sink, shutting his eyes and listening to the hiss of its stream, begging his own to finally emerge.

It didn’t.

The trickling noise made his bladder contract much more harshly, straining to pump everything out, but it wasn’t enough to break down his aggravatingly thick dam. His legs rubbed, much to his dismay. He wasn’t going to get anything out if he wriggled around like he wanted to hold it in, but the pressure was just getting so uncomfortable that he wanted to move around!

He yanked off one of his gloves and shoved his hand underneath the sink’s faucet, he allowed the warm fluid to trickle over his sensitive palm, and he shut his eyes. His urge increased, the weight pulsing against his opening got heavier, and much hotter. His body WANTED to empty, it WANTED to let go. The liquid rolling over his skin was doing everything it could to coax the liquid out of his bladder.

But, it just… It was like it was hitting up against an indestructible wall. He felt SO much like he was about to start peeing, he felt that sharp, burning pinch that usually preceded his release, he felt it growing in intensity, but it never built up into what he needed. He couldn’t go.

Maybe Trunks also couldn’t g—

‘Stop thinking about it!’ Vegeta begged himself. If he could just calm himself down about this, he knew he’d be able to let go. Unfortunately, that was just impossible. His concern for Trunks had been the biggest thing on his mind since yesterday, and it wouldn’t go away.

Vegeta groaned and zipped up again, having not gotten so much as a drop out of his bladder. Obviously, that just wasn’t going to happen right now. He was going to have to hold it a while longer, as uncomfortable as he was already. He left the restroom, and tried not to punch the wall as his fury was ignited by another urgent, insistent plea from his abdomen. He’d given his body plenty of time to piss, it had chosen not to. It shouldn’t be inundating him with these confused, little throbs when he decided that he was done with pointlessly standing around in front of a toilet. What else did it EXPECT from him when it refused to comply with his VERY simple demands?!

That was one of the WORST aspects of this whole, stupid thing… That and, especially today, not knowing WHEN he’d finally be able to go, how much longer he’d have to endure the pangs. Since, at the moment, he couldn’t piss in his own damned bathroom when he was completely alone, he had no clue as to the amount of time he still had left to wait.

He could at least figure out that the CAUSE of his current tension was his concern for Trunks. He hoped that meant that, once Trunks came home and— please, please— told him that everything had been fine, all of his internal knots would loosen and he’d be able to relieve himself.

He’d just have to put up with the discomfort until then.

Unless, Trunks came home and informed him that he’d been unable to use the bathroom and had been in pain all day. In that case, Vegeta would…

He had no idea. He just knew he probably wouldn’t be able to urinate for a long, LONG time after hearing that.

Vegeta glanced to the clock. It would be a couple more hours before Trunks returned home. A couple more hours before there was any chance of his stupid body calming down enough to let him pee.

Deciding a distraction was in order, Vegeta left the bedroom in search of something to do. Of course, his first thought was that he could give training another try, but the pressure in his midsection argued that the gravity room was a bad idea at the moment. His bladder already felt heavy. He furrowed his brow in annoyance; He wasn’t going to let his urge to pee dictate his training regimen for him. His bladder needed to obey him, not the other way around.

Still, he shamefully thought that leaving the gravity machine on a lower setting would be for the best… He could definitely still train, he could definitely handle a bit of increased gravity.

Just… Not a whole bunch. That was all.

He started in that direction, but failed to make it there uninterrupted. Bulma’s father emerged from his room and peered at him. Vegeta tried to stay still— He didn’t think Bulma’s parents were aware of his Problem, he didn’t think they suspected a thing. He needed to keep it that way. There was no reason that they had to know about it. He HAD certainly been desperate in their presence several times, but he thought he’d done a good job at concealing it.

Being watched like that while he had to go made it harder not to squirm… It was like, since everything in him was screaming at him NOT to fidget, his body wanted him to do it so much more. “What do you want? I was about to start training.”

“Bulma’s busy in the lab, I assume?” Dr. Briefs said.

“Most likely,” Vegeta said, starting to inch past him.

“Ah, I won’t disturb her, then. Would you mind assisting me instead?”

Vegeta held back a groan. Yes. Yes, he WOULD mind. He wanted to get at least SOME training in today, and he needed the fucking bathroom so badly that the LAST thing he wanted to do was be around another person. He’d incur Bulma’s wrath if he was rude to either of her parents, though. “This had better be something fast, I have much more important things to do with my time!” he snapped, as politely as he could.

“It shouldn’t take too long,” Dr. Briefs said. “Here, come in.”

Vegeta followed him into another room. A box was resting on a table, and Vegeta could hear whimpering coming from it. The sound made him hesitate. It was so high-pitched, and his ears were sensitive even under normal circumstances. If he was already aggravated, an irritating noise could feel like torture.

Dr. Briefs gestured to the box, and Vegeta looked inside of it, seeing a litter of puppies. Very tiny. Very fragile. Vegeta usually stayed AWAY from Dr. Briefs’s many pets, because he didn’t want to injure them by just trying to interact with them. In an ideal situation, Vegeta could pet them if prompted to, he had the ability to hold back enough that he could manage that without accidentally squeezing them.

Vegeta wasn’t nearly as capable at controlling his strength when he was tense. He’d grip or shove things WAY too hard without intending to. His hands would just automatically tighten over whatever he was holding, and he usually didn’t notice until AFTER he’d started to break it. Sometimes, his energy flared and tiny bits of chi would needlessly spark in his palms. Vegeta was absurdly tense at the moment, and he hoped Dr. Briefs wasn’t about to tell him to pick up and hold a delicate, living creature.

“One of our dogs gave birth a few weeks ago, I don’t know if Bulma told you,” Dr. Briefs said. “It was a big litter, as you can see. She’s not producing enough milk for them, so I’ve been giving them formula. They’re due for a feed now, and I have work to attend to in the lab.”

Fuck… Fuck… Was Vegeta going to have to try bottle-feeding these things? He somehow managed to get MORE tense, which provoked a painful contraction in his aching bladder, which made him tense up further, which made his bladder throb again… Ugh, this was Hell. Stupid emotions, stupid bladder, why couldn’t he have just pissed in his room?!

“You shouldn’t ask me to feed them,” Vegeta said. “You’ve seen my strength. I could injure them if I pick them up.”

Dr. Briefs frowned, he obviously hadn’t been thinking about that until now. “I’ll show you how to hold them,” he decided. “Take off your gloves and it should be easier.”

Vegeta STILL didn’t think this was a good idea, but over the next several minutes, he tried to go along with it. His attention was divided between ensuring he didn’t tense his arms or hands at all, while simultaneously keeping his thigh muscles as stiff and iron-clad as he could manage while his bladder flared, liquid trying to bead up past an exit that was sealed shut. He hopped on his toes a couple times, unable to resist.

“Stay still,” Dr. Briefs encouraged him. “Just try to relax… You’re doing fine. See? The puppy’s not afraid at all. Just try to relax.”

‘Fucking… ‘TRY’ to relax, yeah,’ Vegeta thought. ‘That makes perfect sense. If you need to TRY to do it, then you aren’t relaxing!’ The little puppy felt SO breakable in his sweating palms, his fingers kept trying to clench up every time his bladder pulsed. His energy was simmering, sparks pushing away beneath his skin. He had to hold those in. He had to hold EVERYTHING in. And, unlike releasing liquid from his bladder, releasing chi from his hands was something Vegeta WAS capable of doing with an audience. He could count on his shameful Problem to keep him from leaking in front of Dr. Briefs for the time being, but there was no such blockage for his chi.

If anything sparked in his palm, he’d injure the puppy. It would likely bite him, Bulma would shout at him when she found out, and… He just didn’t WANT to hurt this thing! Those stupid, whimpering noises the puppies made reminded him of Trunks when he’d been a baby, and for some reason that gave him the urge to KILL anything that threatened them.

No sparking… No sparking… He had to keep his energy under control. Locked away. The tingling in his abdomen was getting worse by the second, he gritted his teeth and tried not to grit anything else. He tried not to think about peeing. He tried not to think about how Trunks was doing. He tried—

Vegeta barely had time to register the weird, warm feeling over his palm before his bladder reacted violently to it— The way it was SUPPOSED to respond when he held his hand under the warm spray of the sink’s faucet. It cramped and squeezed, and a little dribble edged itself past his floodgate before he clamped his legs together and strained his thighs to cut it off. He dropped the puppy back into the box just before his hands screwed themselves into fists.

“Hey, what happened?” Dr. Briefs asked.

Vegeta flexed his fists a few times, “I don’t—“

“Oh,” Dr. Briefs said, grabbing one of Vegeta’s wrists and looking at his hand. “I guess that took you by surprise… Like I said, they ARE only a few weeks old… You can wash off your hand before feeding them.”

Vegeta was confused for a second, before realizing what the cause of that warm sensation on his hand must have been.

He glared down at the puppy. ‘Fucking show-off…’ he thought. ‘Didn’t even have to TRY, did you?!’

Vegeta left, and he returned to his bathroom. He glanced at the toilet, deciding to give it one more try. He had to go much more urgently than earlier, maybe his bladder was heavy enough that it would actually release now.

Of course, it didn’t. The second he unzipped himself, he started to fret over Trunks again, and it was just like before. His anxiety plugged his bladder shut and refused to let even the tiniest drip escape.

He gave up much faster this time, then rinsed off his hand, using COLD water, since a chill was better than sending his bladder into hysterics again would be.

He returned to Dr. Briefs whom apologized to him. “I am sorry, they haven’t learned how to control when they go yet. That’s what the pad at the bottom of their box is for… Would you mind changing it out after you’ve fed them?”

“F—Fine,” Vegeta said, trying not to squirm. Trying to banish the shameful envy he felt towards the puppies. They could just piss all over that plastic covering right in front of each other, without the smallest consideration. Nothing could stress them out so much that their bladders just refused to empty. Ugh, he was seriously jealous of some stupid mutts for having the privilege of urinating onto a thin sheet of plastic. “Just… Let me get this over with. Go… Go do whatever you have to do.”

“Alright,” Dr. Briefs said, leaving him.

Dr. Briefs had already prepared the formula, thankfully. Vegeta couldn’t concentrate well enough to measure the components right now. Unfortunately, he DID still need to transfer it from the large cup it had been placed in, and into the bottles. This required him to pour liquid, to watch it flow, to hear it trickle, and to try not to think about what ELSE he could fill a bottle with if his bladder wasn’t such a disobedient asshole.

‘Don’t think about it, don’t think about it. These bottles are much too small anyway. I could fill all of them and still not have proper relief.’ It was a chore to keep his eyes on his task. Vegeta wanted to look away, to close his eyes, to remove the sight of streaming liquid from his field of vision. Even if it wasn’t colored like urine, even if it had a different consistency, it was still making his bladder lurch viciously.

He shifted from one foot to the other as he continued, allowing himself to fidget since the only ones around to see him were the puppies, whom lacked the capacity to understand that Vegeta was doing a very embarrassing pee-dance. Whenever his hand was free, he even let it move down to squeeze at himself.

Once the bottles were filled, Vegeta picked up one of the puppies as carefully as he could and started to feed it. It sucked away at the bottle like it was supposed to, so at least Vegeta didn’t need to worry too much about getting it to eat. Unfortunately, now both of his hands were full, and he really wanted to get some pressure against his opening. His bladder was frothing, his middle stung and pinched against him. “Nnnnnh…” he groaned under his breath, his hand started to clench harshly.

Thankfully, it was the one holding the bottle and not the puppy, he stopped himself and loosened his fingers before the bottle could crack, but he had caused it to squirt a bit too much milk into the puppy’s mouth, so he pulled it away for a second, stepping harshly in place.

The puppy looked up at him, probably confused by all the bouncing. To his immense frustration, Vegeta felt himself go red. Blushing, because he was hopping around in front of a puppy that had NO idea why he couldn’t keep himself still. And, even if it COULD somehow work out that Vegeta was bursting to piss, it wouldn’t realize that his need was so embarrassing.

He set that one back into the box, then grasped between his legs for a few seconds, savoring the relief this afforded him. He wanted to go. He wanted to go very soon… When was Trunks coming home? If Trunks got home and said “Guess what, Dad? Absolutely nothing bad happened to me today!” then Vegeta would finally be able to pee, he knew he would!

He reluctantly released his crotch and grabbed the next puppy, resuming his urgent bouncing, which got the puppy to open its eyes wider. “D—Deal with it,” he grumbled. “I can’t hold still, I desperately need to relieve myself.” He froze. He’d just said that out loud. To another living creature.

One that couldn’t understand a word of what he was saying, but still! He’d told something that he was dying to pee, AND he’d used his least favorite phrase; ‘I can’t’.

“D—Don’t tell anyone about that,” Vegeta said as he stuck the bottle into the puppy’s mouth. “If you do, I’ll end you.”

He continued to feed each of the puppies. It at least provided him with a distraction from the urgent need that he still couldn’t alleviate. He did regret the fact that his hands were always full, though, and he wished that he still had his tail; An extra limb would be very useful right about now.

But, since he had the privacy, he eventually allowed himself to sit down as he took care of the puppies. In that position, he was able to push his foot against himself and rock slightly. It didn’t help as much as his hands would have, but soothed the angry tides inside of him a little.

“E—Eat up, you little gremlin,” Vegeta muttered to the puppy in his grasp. “A—And stop slurping. My bladder doesn’t need to hear liquid moving right now.” He glared. “Tell anyone I said that, and you’ll be annihilated, got it?”

The worst part was the sensation of stretching that was taking place within his abdomen. His lower stomach ached as the walls of his bladder kept being pushed out farther than they were supposed to go. The skin in that region felt taut and sensitive, and he had to make sure none of the puppies brushed up against it. Even a small touch would feel like a brutal stab now.

He finished feeding the final puppy and cringed as he stood up to deposit it back in the box. The stretching feeling got worse, his middle felt like worn out tissue paper, as fragile as the tiny puppies. Once his hands were empty, he placed them back at his crotch, squeezing as hard as he could get away with without hurting himself. “Nnnnh… Fuck…” he muttered. “G—Guess now I have to get you demons some new piss-paper.”

As if on cue, one of the puppies left a spot on the pad beneath them.

Vegeta groaned. A crazy part of him thought they were trying to torment him; He’d TOLD them how badly he needed to go… “Dammit, even you tiny mutts can master this technique better than I can, it’s bullshit.” He couldn’t believe himself, he was jealous of a puny Earth-creature because it got to piss in the box that it also slept in. It was quite disgusting when he really thought about it… But, at least those things got to have empty bladders; They had never, and likely WOULD never, experience the pure Hell that had Vegeta hopping from foot to foot as he watched them.

First, he took them all back out of the box and laid them on the table. “Don’t you dare piss again until you’re back in the box,” he said. Then, he had to remove the old pad. He was debating whether or not he should put his gloves back on first when the door opened.

“Dad… You in here?”

Trunks was home.

Finally.

Now, it was time for the boy to tell Vegeta that everything was okay, so that Vegeta could finally relax and drain himself out.

Trunks had BETTER tell him everything was okay…

Vegeta would never FORGIVE himself if it wasn’t.

“Yes,” Vegeta said, still swaying. Keeping still was not a possibility anymore, he could barely even restrain himself to subtle motions at this point. “Your grandfather wanted me to feed his wretched mutts. D—Did you enjoy your time with Goten?”

“Yeah…” Trunks said.

Vegeta looked at him. The boy appeared comfortable, not behaving like he’d gone without a bathroom break all day. That was a good sign… Everything was okay. “I thought you would…” he said, his toes inching closer together. Vegeta HAD gone without a bathroom break all day, and was the furthest thing from comfortable.

“Dad… Um… Remember yesterday, you said if I have any… ‘trouble’, I should tell you?” Trunks asked.

FUCK. Everything wasn’t okay. Vegeta wasn’t going to be able to settle down and piss any time soon. He was going to continue to be stressed about this until he just exploded. “Y—Yes.”

“Well… Uh, I had to pee while I was at Goten’s today. And, I kept thinking about… What happened yesterday, and worrying that Goten could just… Tell somehow.”

Dammit. Dammit. Dammit.

“So, I couldn’t go… It was REALLY weird, but I guess you know how that feels already…”

Yes. Vegeta knew how it felt. He felt it every fucking day of his life. He WAS feeling it right this very moment— He hadn’t wanted his son to EVER discover how this felt!

“And, I gave up after a couple minutes ‘cause it wasn’t working. And Goten was like ‘You were gone for a long time, Trunks.’ So, I told him to shut up.”

Vegeta was shivering. Every muscle he had was now screwed into a painful knot. He felt like a bucket of ice water had just been dumped over his head. He was a failure of a father. His job was to keep Trunks safe, and he’d instead made the boy inherit something that would inevitably cause him pain and humiliation.

“And, later I had to go really bad, so I tried again, and it was the same as before. But, then I remembered how you said you’d do something to help if this ever happened to me, and I relaxed a lot and the feeling went away.”

Vegeta still didn’t settle down. That sounded… Too easy. Too good to be true. Him giving his son a vague offer of ‘help’ that he didn’t even know how to provide couldn’t have been enough, surely. “S—So, you were able to go after all?”

“Yeah,” Trunks said. “As soon as I thought about how you’d help me and, like, understand and not get mad and stuff…”

“I would NEVER get mad at you for—“

“I know,” Trunks said. “That’s why I could calm down and go finally. But, you said I have to tell you if I have ANY trouble, so I did.”

“Right, you DO need to tell me,” Vegeta agreed. Tension was exiting his body. His shoulders weren’t aching as bad anymore. His stomach was settling. He didn’t feel as cold. He… Leaked a drop. And then another. And another. Fuck… He was definitely loosening up. He crossed his legs, knowing it didn’t look natural at all. “And, if it’s ever worse th—than it was today, I will do… something.”

“Thanks, Dad… That felt SO weird today, but you helped even though you weren’t there!”

Vegeta tensed his thighs further, his bladder was spasming, his iron dam was starting to crumble. He hadn’t doomed Trunks; He’d done the opposite. Bulma had been right, Trunks having a father that would be there for him really WAS just what he needed. Vegeta shuddered to think how bad Trunks’s situation may have gotten today if he HADN’T tried so hard to reassure him.

In the other Trunks’s timeline, he had been dead, he hadn’t been there for his son. And, when the other Trunks had visited, he’d been far from reassuring about ANYTHING for most of their time together.

Maybe Vegeta’s presence and behavior actually was going to make all the difference here.

Vegeta’s bladder shuddered, he felt warmth slide down his leg. He was calming down, but he was calming down WAY too much… “Tr—Trunks, m—make sure you t—tell your mother you’re home too,” he said.

Trunks looked at him for a second, seemed to realize something, and left the room.

As soon as the door was closed, Vegeta’s hands flew back between his legs, clamping off the slow, dismal trickles that had been occasionally spilling out of him. “Fffff— Ah—!” He doubled over, his knees and thighs grinding together.

He had to get back to his room… He knew he shouldn’t leave the puppies out of their box, but they were just laying there, not causing any harm. If one of them had an accident while he was gone, he’d clean it up. If HE had an… If he… Did that… It would be much, MUCH worse.

He took one step, and his bladder lurched, a spurt hissing out in spite of the grip he had on himself. He paused, bounced in place, and took another step. The same thing happened. He couldn’t walk without jarring something loose from his bladder. He’d have a visible wet spot by the time he got to his room.

Was there any chance of him succeeding if he tried to use one of the other bathrooms along the way there? Could he even get to one of them before he leaked too much? He stumbled to the door, and could feel how clammy the material beneath his hands was getting. Ugh, he was going to be struggling down the hallway like… Like THIS, squeezing his crotch, knees knocking, panicked steps… What were the odds someone would be there to spot him in this condition?

And, EVERY step was making him go a little more… He really didn’t know if he could make it to a bathroom before he had obvious wet spots on his clothing. His bladder’s contents just refused to stay in.

He needed to… Just… Get a little bit out before he tried to walk very far. Just enough to take the edge off, so that he stopped dribbling. Just a few seconds of relief… He needed… something. He didn’t know WHAT, though!

Well, the first thing he needed was to lock the door, if he was going to try to release a bit of his burden here, he needed to be sure no one could come in. He locked it, then bounced urgently in place as he scanned the room. He needed something that could hold liquid, and that no one would notice the sudden disappearance of— Of course he’d have to destroy whatever he ended up… Defiling.

Ugh, this was so embarrassing… He was going to have to urinate somewhere deeply improper. He’d felt disgusted enough the times he’d had to void into bottles and, according to Kakarot, that wasn’t even TOO unusual on this planet. There were no bottles in here, though.

There was a vase. It wasn’t too big, but Vegeta thought he could get quite a bit out if he—

No. No. Bulma would DEFINITELY notice if that went missing. She’d wonder. She might even… Figure it out somehow.

The puppies started to whimper again, reminding Vegeta that he still hadn’t finished with them yet. He still needed to get them a new—

…

…

No.

Hell no.

He was NOT going to do that.

No matter how good it would feel to ease a bit of tension, he was NOT going to do it like THAT.

It wouldn’t even work.

They were thin, plastic sheets. Vegeta had an oil drum for a bladder. Yes, his goal was not to completely empty it in here, but he needed to make at least a DENT in his desperation. He’d overflow one of those pads before he felt even a smidge of real relief.

He could use more than one if he absolutely had to…

NO.

He shook his head back and forth, like he could shake the thought out of his brain. But, now that it was there, now that he’d located SOMETHING he could use… And, there weren’t any better alternatives in here.

He’d already discarded the vase as a workable solution. The trash can wouldn’t do, either; Its absence would be noticed quickly. Some of Dr. Briefs’s beakers were in this room, Vegeta couldn’t destroy those and get away with it. Plus, he… He was shaking a LOT at the moment, he didn’t know if he’d be able to accurately aim into such a small opening…

The mutts’s piss pads were the only real option, unless he wanted to risk staining his clothes by walking much further.

His gaze shifted over to the puppies. They would be… Witnesses to what was about to transpire. They were just animals. The vast majority of Earth’s animals could NOT comprehend concepts like ‘shame’ or ‘privacy’. They didn’t have the capacity to understand that Vegeta was about to experience one of the most embarrassing moments of his life.

Still… They were there.

“Listen up, mutts. I’m about to… To do… Something. And i—if the woman’s father EVER experiments on you and grants you the ability to speak, y—you’d better not mention this. I WILL turn you into smoldering craters!”

The puppies just laid there, pawing at each other, oblivious.

‘You’re acting insane,’ Vegeta thought to himself, reluctantly dragging himself to the drawer that contained the pads. He couldn’t believe he was doing this, but the little drops that trickled from his tip at even that small amount of movement reminded him that he NEEDED to. Cringing with equal parts disgust at his situation, and pain from the extra strain on his bladder, Vegeta spread a couple pads out on the floor.

Why the fuck had it come to this…

Still crouched there, he unzipped himself and aimed at one of the pads. He dribbled a bit more, but— unsurprisingly— his body REALLY didn’t want to do this. As full as he was, and as certain as he was that he couldn’t make it back to his room without getting something out first, he wasn’t able to truly start the flow, only to keep dripping.

His face burned with embarrassment, his eyes scrunched closed as he tried his best to forget what was happening, to deny that he was seriously doing this, that he’d been REDUCED to this; The prince of the Saiyans, degrading himself to this extreme of a degree. The prince of the Saiyans, crouching on the floor and trying to partially empty his ridiculously full bladder onto some plastic sheets intended for un-housebroken dogs.

‘Just get some out…’ He thought. ‘The sooner you do that, the sooner you can go back to your room and void PROPERLY. Come on…’ He rubbed his lower stomach and grimaced. ‘Come on… COME ON…’

The puppies were still making noise, he could sense their incredibly small power levels, and he had to continually remind himself that they were just dogs and didn’t care about what he was doing… What he was TRYING to do.

Ugh… But what if Dr. Briefs DID invent a way to make them talk, and they told everyone Vegeta knew about how he’d—

‘Stop thinking about absurd nonsense and piss, dammit…’ He should NOT feel this awkward in front of mere animals!

Pangs throttled through his back, and he sucked in his breath and held it, trying to prevent a yelp. He continued to hold his breath as he waited out the rippling pains, only letting it out very slowly once the agony had died down a bit. As he exhaled, he felt a strange snap in his midsection, and then he was peeing. Copiously.

He had no idea what had done it, but all of the sudden he was letting out the hard stream he’d been trying to release all day. It surprised him, going from leaky dribbles to full-blast just like that. It had NEVER worked like that for him before. But… Wow, it felt good!

It felt a little TOO good. He knew he wasn’t going to be finishing here. He knew he was going to have to clamp it off eventually. And, that was not going to be easy. Not when letting it all go felt this amazing.

He panted as he released, his liquids hissing as they hit the pad. The white material changed color as it puffed up and absorbed the liquid. He was disgusted by the sight and utterly ashamed, but couldn’t look away. The material had a limit, and he had to make sure he didn’t break it. He had to adjust his aim over and over when one area of the pad became too sodden and he feared it would soak through to the floor.

Once he’d drenched one of the pads, he directed his stream onto the second one, and started to try to restrain himself again. The pressure was dissipating— Enough that he thought he could make it to his room now before expelling the rest of his bladder’s contents— But, his body didn’t want him to stop peeing. His body wanted him to keep emptying out until he had gotten rid of every drop. He still really, really had to go.

He would make a mess on the floor if he let everything out, though. He had to stop before this second pad got too full. The process of ceasing his urination mid-flow was grueling. His holding muscles— That he’d fought with so much to force loose— burned with confusion as he ordered them to tighten once again. His urethra stung, and a few protesting spurts splashed out as he squeezed his member.

He’d worked SO hard to make himself pee, stopping before he was finished was torture. But it was necessary. He couldn’t make a humiliating mess in here. He wouldn’t survive that.

Once he was sure he’d managed to put the cork back into his bladder, he zipped up and stood. He threw away the first pad, cringing with disgust, but relieved when he confirmed nothing had made it to the floor.

Then, he felt a threatening tremble right at his opening, and bolted. The second pad wasn’t as wet, he’d done a GOOD job of stopping himself. If anyone went into that room before he returned, they’d think it had only been used by the puppies— Of course they would! No one would ever believe that Vegeta had been forced into a position like that and had then actually gone along with it!

He made it to his bathroom, pulled his zipper down once again and— to his immense relief— easily resumed what he’d started. Phew… He didn’t need to fight himself a second time, his bladder knew where he was, and it cooperated. The stings bludgeoning his urethra went away, replaced by an extremely comfortable looseness that almost made him moan. So much better…

So… So relaxing… So calm…

He’d been holding this in all day, filled with tension all day. And, finally, everything was alright. Trunks was okay, Vegeta wasn’t exploding anymore.

After he’d finished up, he went back to the room the puppies were in to finish fixing up their box, and what he saw made his palms finally spark, releasing the nervous energy he’d managed to hold inside before.

One of the puppies had jumped down from the table. It had then gone over to the… the remaining pad that Vegeta had… used. It was sniffing it.

Vegeta’s face was so warm that it hurt. “Hey, no! Don’t— Don’t acknowledge that!”

As he went over to grab the pad, the puppy walked onto it. Then it lifted its leg and… Marked its territory. Because of how Vegeta had already… And now it wanted to replace that with its OWN scent… And…

Dammit, as if he hadn’t already been humiliated enough by this whole thing!

*011*2024-11-30 03:28

Written for the Omovember prompt "Peeing Lesson/Demonstration".

***

Gohan was having a very difficult day. It was rare that he actually struggled at school, since his classes went over things Mom had had him studying as a toddler, but today was different. Today, he had one of his final tests, and he just couldn’t focus on it at all. He even had trouble just writing his own name down, because his hands had never been shakier, nor sweatier.

He had to re-read each question several times before they actually registered to him. The only thing he could really keep in his head at the moment was the fact that he was dying to use the restroom— Which he hadn’t been able to do at ALL today.

Goten had come down with something during the night. It was probably because of something he ate, considering he’d mentioned how he and Trunks had been daring each other to do things all afternoon. Gohan could easily picture Trunks putting together some disgusting concoction and then daring Goten to eat it.

Whatever the cause, Goten was getting sick all through the night, and no one really got much sleep. Nevertheless, Gohan didn’t consider staying home from school for even a second. His test mattered too much, and Mom would never allow it anyway. HE wasn’t the one who was sick.

Besides, Gohan could handle taking a test while sleep deprived, even one as important as this one was. He’d handled fighting a murderous bio-android while sleep deprived, after all. A simple school day would be nothing.

The bigger problem was that Goten’s illness had necessitated lengthy bathroom trips, and the entire time Gohan was getting ready for school, he was waiting for the restroom door to open so he could use it. Goten would give him permission easily, the kid was feeling too awful to come up with any special tasks for Gohan to perform first.

But, Goten just STAYED in there. He didn’t come out. Gohan kept glancing at the clock, noting that he was running out of time; He was going to be cutting it close even if he chose to fly himself to school rather than taking the Nimbus.

His bladder was heavy, though, containing everything that had accumulated during the night. He definitely didn’t want to leave without peeing first, so he tried knocking on the door.

His response was a groan from Goten, and Mom calling back; “Gohan, sweetie. I’m so sorry, your brother’s still throwing up.”

Gohan felt bad for the little guy, but he wished Goten could do that into a bucket or something so that the bathroom would be free. “I need to leave for school soon…” he pointed out.

“I know, go ahead,” Mom said. “Your father and I can take care of him today.”

Gohan tried not to sigh. Mom could get rather single-minded when he or Goten was in trouble, completely forgetting that anything else might be happening. “I kinda have to use the bathroom before I leave…”

“Oh, right. Of course you do. Hold o—“ Mom was interrupted by the sound of more retching, followed by Goten moaning and sniffling. Then, it was like she just completely forgot that Gohan needed something too. “Shhh, it’s okay, Goten… Let me wipe off your mouth. I promise, this will stop eventually.”

Gohan had to accept that he wasn’t going to get into that bathroom this morning. He could always pee outside, though. Just… As soon as someone TOLD him that he could. Mom would never encourage that, but Dad would allow it without a fuss. Gohan was a little too sleepy and… otherwise distracted to find Dad’s chi, though. “Where’s Dad?”

“I sent him out to get some medicine,” Mom said. “He SHOULD be back in half an hour. I hope he doesn’t get distracted…”

Half an hour… And only IF Dad didn’t get side-tracked. No way would he get home quickly enough to let Gohan pee before he needed to be at school.

Fine… That was okay… Gohan really, really needed the bathroom, but he could hold it until he got to school. Hopefully he’d make it to his destination with a few minutes to spare. Then he’d have to… Find Videl right away, tell her he didn’t have a chance to pee, and ask if she could please, please let him…

That wasn’t the kind of greeting he WANTED to give anyone— Especially not her— but that was unfortunately how it had to be. His bladder was too heavy already, he didn’t even want to get stuck holding it through ONE class.

He made it to school, but didn’t have much time to locate Videl. The halls were pretty deserted too, the others having already gotten to their classes. He passed a restroom on the way to his own, and his bladder pinched at him. He still had a couple minutes left, he had time to pee— If only it could be that simple. If his bladder didn’t require a trigger-phrase, all he’d need to do is walk through that door and it wouldn’t MATTER that he hadn’t had a chance to use the toilet this morning.

But, he knew that it wouldn’t work, so he forced himself to walk on. He’d ask Videl during their first break of the day, and THEN this would be resolved. He’d just have to put up with some discomfort for a little while longer.

He was wrong, though. He scanned around the classroom, and Videl was not in her usual spot. She wasn’t anywhere. She hadn’t come to school today. Gohan chewed on his lip. Ever since he had made this ‘arrangement’ with Videl, he’d known that this would likely happen eventually. Videl would need to stay home for whatever reason, and she wouldn’t be around to tell Gohan that he was allowed to pee.

And he’d known that, once that day came, there was a chance that he’d need to hold his bladder until he got back home. He’d been dreading the inevitability, but he’d always figured that it wouldn’t be SO bad. He’d get very desperate, of course, but he HAD lasted through entire school days before. It was something he was at least capable of doing, even if it made him into a miserable, squirming mess.

But, this situation wasn’t at all what he’d been picturing. This wasn’t what he’d been prepared for. Always, when he considered this possibility, he’d naturally assumed that he would have at least gotten himself empty before coming to school. He’d never thought he’d arrive at school already in a state of urgency.

His feet shifted beneath his desk, his ankles crossing. Could he make it all the way back home today? It would be HOURS before school finished, and then he’d need to ride the Nimbus home— He was under no illusion that he’d be capable of flight by the day’s end. His bladder would remain full for ages, his need constantly worsening.

‘No water today,’ Gohan thought to himself. ‘No matter how thirsty I get.’ Even as he made this decision, he doubted it would do much good. He was already twisting his legs together, and he could remember downing quite a lot of water yesterday evening. Had all of it even finished moving through him yet?

Class began, and Gohan tried to focus. But, he just kept feeling the growing pressure against his opening, forcing him to tense his thighs and anxiously tap his fingers against the desk. He hadn’t even been here a full hour yet, and he already would say that he was bursting.

He could barely imagine the state he was going to be in when he got home. He’d probably be dribbling by then— If not already a little damp from larger leaks. He’d barely be able to walk, he’d BEG the first family member he saw for permission to finally go.

Maybe all of his contorting and pleading would make Goten laugh, cheer him up a little bit, he thought wryly. Or, maybe Goten would still be really sick and stuck in the bathroom, requiring Gohan to hold it in even LONGER…

No. No. Even if that DID happen, Dad would at least be back home by then. Gohan could turn to him and exclaim that he hadn’t relieved himself all day and was about to lose it, so could he please, please pee out in the woods, just this one time? Dad would say yes, of course. And, FINALLY Gohan would get to release this mounting pressure, and—

Ugh, no. Stop it. It was going to be FOREVER until that happened. It was WAY too soon for him to start fantasizing about how good it would feel to actually pee.

Still, he did fantasize. And, his imagination turned to ways he could maybe still empty his bladder here at school. The teachers had held firm about not letting him leave during class, but he could go up to them during breaks, ask if it was okay to go THEN. They’d think it was a weird question, but MAYBE they’d say something that his body would take as permission to unclench.

Or, he could try one of his other classmates. It didn’t HAVE to be Videl… There just… Wasn’t anyone else here that he felt comfortable enough to ask, much less explain his weird hang-up about always needing to be told to pee. Maybe he could try claiming he didn’t know where the nearest bathroom was? But, he’d been at the school long enough now that he ought to have the locations all memorized. They’d still think he was acting weird, meaning they might not say what he needed to hear.

Gohan spent the remainder of that class trying to think of the least embarrassing way to get the expressed permission he needed. Every option WOULD be embarrassing, unfortunately. Every option WOULD cause whoever he asked to think he was acting weird, to not understand what he required from them.

But, they were worth a try; Becoming blatantly desperate would be worse, having an accident would be worse. If he could just pee ONCE while he was here, that should keep him mostly comfortable until he got home.

During the first break, Gohan shakily got to his feet and approached the front of the room. Walking was turning into a chore, his bladder was sloshing, its walls were burning. He hoped that it was nearly over.

He got to his teacher’s desk, and started to speak. “E—Excuse me, um, may I please—“

“Hold on,” she said, the phone resting atop the desk beginning to ring. “I’ve got to take this.”

Gohan stood there for a while, rocking from side to side. He noticed some of his classmates leaving the room, presumably to go relieve themselves. He tried not to feel too jealous, but he couldn’t help it. None of them could POSSIBLY need to pee as badly as he did, it wasn’t fair that he was the one stuck waiting.

Gohan didn’t pay attention to his teacher’s phone call. He probably wasn’t SUPPOSED to listen in, anyway. He concentrated purely on holding it in, trying not to wriggle too much, and rehearsing what he was going to say. ‘May I please use the restroom? I… Just wanted to make sure that there’s enough time for that!’ Right, that would make the request sound at least SLIGHTLY less odd.

The phone conversation droned on and on, though, and Gohan anxiously watched the clock. It was quickly becoming clear that there WOULDN’T be enough time for that after all. He was going to have to restrain his bladder a bit longer.

During his next class, Gohan’s knees jiggled constantly, and he was really starting to sweat. This was BAD. It felt like he relaxed at all, he’d start to pee— Yet, he knew that he WOULDN’T. He hadn’t heard the magic words yet. So, even though his bladder was spasming, and insisting that if he just stood in front of a toilet and tried to release, everything would all come flowing out, he was certain that nothing would happen. He’d remain corked shut, and he’d just be stuck there, squirming and begging himself to let it all go.

His hand kept gripping onto his thigh, squeezing there. He wanted to grab his crotch, put a little pressure against the pathway that would allow his urine to spray out, but he refused. Not because it would be too embarrassing— He thought if he scooted close enough to his desk, the action would escape notice. No, he didn’t want to allow his hands to grip hold of his dick because of what that would MEAN.

It would mean that his desperation was reaching a very, VERY critical point, when he’d barely made a dent into the school day, when he still had over HALF of it left to get through. And, if he actually NEEDED to hold himself right now, then that would mean he was definitely doomed, that there was NO chance that he could actually make it home.

So, he told himself he DIDN’T have to grab his crotch. He DIDN’T have to. He just WANTED to. And he could resist that desire, because it was JUST a desire. He was holding it just fine without doing that, and he could KEEP holding it just fine. This wasn’t as bad as he thought it was. He could do this. He could do this. He could last another… several… hours without peeing.

The girl beside him, Erasa, had a water bottle sitting on the desk in front of her. And she kept picking it up and drinking from it, making Gohan wish that Saiyans didn’t have to have super-powered hearing. He didn’t want to have his ears zero-in on every, tiny swish of the water in that container moving. He didn’t want to be able to hear Erasa swallowing it down, but he couldn’t blot it out. Nor could he make himself stop LOOKING at the water bottle, at the way little drops of condensation slid down its sides.

He shut his eyes, but he could still see it. He could remember what it looked like, those tiny droplets flowing, the slight ripples each time the bottle was placed back down on the desk. The hand on his thigh twitched, tensing further. He needed— WANTED to grab himself. But he didn’t have to, he didn’t have to. It wasn’t that bad yet. It couldn’t be that bad yet. He still had so much longer to wait.

During the next break, Erasa talked Gohan’s ear off for a while, before finally noticing the way he was twitching, the sweat coating his brow. “Hey, are you alright? You aren’t looking so good.”

Yes! Now was his chance! Just… Had to word this in a way that didn’t sound too impolite… “Uh, well, my younger brother’s been sick, and we only have—“

“Oh no,” Erasa said, more concerned now. She quickly moved to put a hand onto Gohan’s forehead, startling him and making all of his muscles tighten instinctively— Including his abdominals, which caused his bladder to cramp and feel even more compressed than before. “Do you think you caught it?”

“No,” Gohan said. “But, we’ve only got one bathroom at home, and s—since he’s been sick, he’s been in it a lot.” There, an explanation for how he’d let himself get so desperate, one that wouldn’t give away his strange predicament. “D—Do you mind if I go to—“

“If your brother’s got a stomach ache, I know all kinds of remedies for that,” Erasa said, beginning to rattle off a list of things Gohan could give Goten to drink in order to cure him.

“That’s— I’ll try that, yeah. Could you hold on a second? I just need to—“

Now, it was like she was in her own world, telling Gohan stories of where she’d first HEARD of each remedy, and barely allowing him a word in edgewise.

So, Gohan wasn’t able to relieve himself during the SECOND break, either.

During the third class of the day, Gohan’s legs tied themselves into such a tense, awful knot that his feet started to tingle and sting from the lack of proper blood-flow. He stared at the clock, willing it to move faster. He had lunch after this class— He’d have more time to try to pee. He might actually be able to go.

But, the seconds were moving by so slowly, and Gohan’s bladder shuddered at every tick of the clock. His thighs tensed, his member pinned urgently between them. His hands gripped the edge of his desk, because he still didn’t NEED to hold himself. He just wanted to. Really, REALLY badly. Even just for a second would make him feel so much better!

He didn’t dare, though. Once he grabbed himself, that would be it. He doubted he’d be able to let go. Soon, a second hand would join the first, and he’d be doubling over, on the verge of an accident. But, if he DIDN’T hold himself, his body would hopefully continue to believe him each time he insisted to it that this wasn’t an emergency, that he could wait and wait and wait.

He looked at the clock again, dismayed to see that there was still half an hour left until lunch. He could have sworn it had said the same thing TWO hours ago, and for a crazed moment, Gohan thought he was actually stuck in the hyperbolic time chamber, and this was just a hallucination brought on by his intense need to pee. He shut his eyes tightly, then opened them again.

Of course, it wasn’t a hallucination. Of course, time just FELT like it was crawling because every second brought him so much agonizing desperation that it seemed to last an eternity.

Lunch DID finally come, and Gohan quickly shot to his feet, feeling like an idiot when the action immediately brought waves of pressure crashing through his bladder. His hands dove between his legs, and he yanked them back right before they managed to make contact. Unfortunately, maybe he SHOULD have allowed himself a quick squeeze, because the first uncontainable dribble of the day seeped out in the seconds that followed.

He clenched his thighs firmly, walking awkwardly towards the door. He had half an hour for lunch and, since he apparently wasn’t going to find anyone to give him permission, he would use ALL of that time to try to make himself pee on his own. He hoped that thirty straight minutes of being at a toilet and begging his bladder to empty itself would do it. He had never actually attempted anything like that before, he’d made lots of long attempts, but never more than a few minutes. Maybe he had just never waited long enough.

He hoped that this would turn out to be the case.

He reached the nearest bathroom and pushed open the door. He entered a stall, deciding that it might be easier to sit down, seeing as how he was definitely going to be here for a while.

As soon as he’d unzipped his pants, his urgency was skyrocketing. He stepped in place, fighting back whimpers of need as he pulled them down. Once on the toilet, he shut his eyes and reminded himself over and over that it was okay to pee now. He was allowed to pee. It was alright. He just had to let it out.

‘Break time, relieve yourself, Gohan,’ he thought, again and again, repeating the phrase Piccolo had often used when finally granting him permission. He tried to remember the exact pitch, tone and inflection in Piccolo’s voice, tried to recall precisely what the command had sounded like, hoping that it would trick his bladder into thinking that Piccolo was the one telling him to pee, rather than just himself.

It wasn’t working.

He rubbed a hand over his lower abdomen, noting the contrast between his other muscles and the harsh curve of his bladder. His body was always firm, but his bladder felt like hardened stone, and it seared beneath his touch. Wary, but ever hopeful, he made himself press down on it, trying to see if he could force the liquid out of his body through sheer brute force.

Gohan sank his teeth into his lip so hard that he drew blood as he tried not to yell. Owww, ow! That— Ohh— Ouch! That had to be…One of the worst pains Gohan had ever felt in his entire life. It was almost like having a bone snapped, that was how bad it hurt. He quickly ripped his hand away from his overflowing bladder, which was now quivering and spasming with sick violence, yet STILL wasn’t releasing its contents into the bowl below him.

Tears sprang to Gohan’s eyes, and he let them fall. It hurt SO much, and it felt good to get liquid out of his body SOMEHOW, even if it wasn’t the kind that he so badly needed to get rid of.

This was… This was awful… What was he supposed to do?! Apparently, not even Saiyan strength was enough to squeeze his bladder into emptying.

‘Of course it’s not,’ Gohan thought, disappointed with himself for coming up with such a stupid idea. ‘If THAT worked, Vegeta would be doing it all the time.’

Right, Vegeta had this problem too… Well, not THIS problem, but a vaguely similar one. One that was far, FAR worse. If someone suddenly walked into this room right now and called out; “Gohan, you know you can pee, right?” then he’d go in an instant. NOTHING would have that effect for Vegeta.

‘How does Vegeta live with this?’ Gohan thought. ‘I bet he sometimes ends up having to wait WAY longer than this. He endures it somehow.’

He knew he was thinking about Vegeta’s predicament because he’d realized that his own was NOT going to end before lunch was over and he had to go back to class. He was going to keep sitting here and hoping, but deep down he knew it wasn’t going to happen.

He had to last through the rest of the day, so he had to endure all of this pain like Vegeta always did. Not that he knew HOW Vegeta could possibly go through this constantly… Just… Had to act like Vegeta somehow…

It was probably the way that Vegeta was constantly filled with tension from head to toe. Every muscle he had was pulled taut, so much so that Vegeta ALWAYS seemed to be trembling if Gohan looked closely enough at him.

So, maybe if Gohan spent the rest of the day tensing everything he had as hard as he could, that would take some of the edge off the maddening, pounding desperation?

As he considered this, Gohan was suddenly subjected to the sound of someone else relieving themselves into one of the urinals. Gohan’s bladder flared just as viciously as it had when he’d smashed his hand into it. The hissing, trickly noise, the jealousy that coursed through Gohan’s veins… His knee started to bounce, and he gripped it to force it to go still— He definitely wouldn’t pee if he did all of the things that usually helped him hold it.

The other person left after a minute, and Gohan allowed himself to groan. The pressure in his middle was all-consuming, the only thing that existed to him anymore, and it just WOULDN’T go away, even as he sat there, begging for it to.

Maybe if he… Stopped thinking about it, it would just happen. Had to… Focus on something else. He reached for his bag, which he’d left on the floor. Doing this required him to bend over a little, and he swore he felt something in his abdomen tear.

Finally, he’d retrieved one of his notebooks, and he looked through it. ‘Study for your final test, Gohan. Don’t think about how much you have to— How much you want to— Just… Just study, and maybe it will happen on its own…’

He read over his notes again and again, trying to ignore the horrific pressure and shove it to the back of his mind. If he didn’t pay attention to it, if he didn’t keep worrying about it, maybe THAT was all he needed to get things flowing.

But, this didn’t work, either. By the time lunch had ended and Gohan had to leave the restroom to get back to class, he hadn’t managed to get even a drop out of his bladder.

‘Okay, okay… I can handle this…’ he thought anxiously as he returned to class. ‘If I can’t pee after sitting on a toilet for half an hour, there’s no way I’ll wet myself in front of everyone. I don’t have to worry about that. I’ll be fine… I’ll be fine…’

But, truthfully, having an accident at school wasn’t even what he was anxious about anymore. It would be humiliating, he would never be able to forget it, people would laugh at him… But, his bladder would be empty.

What he was most afraid of now was what this was DOING to his body. He hadn’t peed since before bed last night, that was an EXTREMELY long time to go without relief, and there were still at least a couple hours left on top of that. There was a peculiar feeling in his lower back now, which he knew must have been that ‘back-flow’ thing he’d read about years ago, the one he’d been worried about Vegeta experiencing during the World Tournament.

He was in pain, and it was going to get a whole lot worse before it got better.

What was scaring him was that he thought he might end up breaking something today. He knew that this was getting dangerous— Not for his social standing, but for his actual health. In a way, he would actually WELCOME an accident if it meant his bladder didn’t rupture. He didn’t know if a senzu bean could fix that. He didn’t know if Dende could fix that. He could end up in the hospital, Mom and Dad would be so upset, and confused as to how it had happened.

Even though he had made up his mind that wetting his pants in class was FAR from the worst thing that could happen to him today, when he sat down at his desk, Gohan couldn’t bring himself to actually TRY to do that. Even for the sake of his health. Telling himself to just give up and have an accident, especially in public, was not an easy thing to do.

He tried to just avoid squirming and writhing and doing everything that helped him hold his bladder in, but as it spasmed and rolled, he couldn’t really control how his body reacted. He crossed his legs back and forth, he shifted in all directions, he wriggled frantically, and he even palmed his crotch a few times. He needed to now. He really, seriously needed to…

Class continued, and people were noticing. That made him blush— But also gave him hope. Maybe when the next break rolled around, someone would come up to him and say “Gohan, come on, you look like you really need the bathroom.” Or… Something that his body would take as permission.

But, for now, all he was getting were stares and snickers, causing him to blush harder and harder. Even the teacher seemed to be noticing, which—

Maybe that was a good thing! It was so clear that he ACTUALLY needed to use the bathroom now! Anyone with eyes could tell that he was having an emergency! So, perhaps they’d make an exception this time. He raised his hand nervously.

The teacher did call on him, that was a good sign!

“M—May I please use the restroom?” Gohan asked, crossing his legs tighter as his hand went back down into his lap.

“There’s only twenty minutes left until your break,” the teacher answered.

Gohan gulped. This was so embarrassing… “I, um… I can’t wait twenty minutes…” he said.

“I’m sure you can,” the teacher said dismissively.

Gohan frowned, and tried not to whimper audibly. He tried to remember another time where he’d needed to pee worse than this, but he couldn’t. Even when he was little and Piccolo only gave him breaks when it was ABSOLUTELY necessary, he’d been allowed relief before it got THIS bad. Piccolo had learned to recognize the signs that Gohan was in pain from holding it, that he’d waited long enough…

He wished Piccolo were HERE…

The class ended, and it was time for the final break of the day. Gohan didn’t know what to do. Another hour of this steadily increasing torment sounded like cruel and unusual punishment to him. He just wanted to go home… He wanted to frantically yank open the door, run inside and cry “Goten, I need to use the bathroom now!” And, if Goten was feeling well enough to ‘play’ with him now, he would be free to make Gohan do ANYTHING in exchange for permission— ANYTHING at all! Gohan would agree to do all of Goten’s chores for the next ten years if he could just pee!

He needed that NOW. Right this second. Not after another hour spent in class. Not after a long flight home. NOW.

Another idea formed; He could… Go to the nurse. He could call home. “Oh, Mom… I feel awful, I think I caught whatever Goten’s got. I’ve been throwing up, and I just can’t finish the rest of the day. And… And, I’m SO sick that I can’t fly, even the Nimbus is gonna make me too dizzy… Maybe Dad could use Instant Transmission to bring me home right now? I could have the nurse leave first so that it doesn’t scare her.”

He could have relief in just a couple minutes… And, it would only be a half-lie. He hadn’t thrown up, but he DID need to pee so badly that he felt sick and didn’t think he could stay here any longer. He COULD do this…

But… Ugh, that important final test… He needed to take it. He couldn’t skip it just because he had to use the bathroom so badly that he could barely breathe.

Maybe he could just tweak the plan a bit… Like, he could still go to the nurse, then explain to her that he couldn’t empty his bladder unless he was told to do so. She might not get it, but her whole job was to take care of students when they were in pain— And Gohan was clearly in a whole world of pain right now. She’d tell him to pee, right?

Yeah, he’d do that! He should have thought of this earlier! He started to stand up, when his classmates began filing back into the room.

Oh no… He’d taken too long to figure out a plan, now he had run out of time.

Now, he was going to have to try to finish this test without his bladder rupturing.

The test SHOULD have been easy. Gohan knew all of the answers, but he struggled to even read the questions and absorb what they were asking for. He had to re-read each one several times before it really sank in, and then it took him ages to write down what he needed to, one hand trembling so badly that he could barely grip the pencil, the other firmly squeezed between his legs, trying to lessen some of the pain in his bladder.

‘Try to do this like Vegeta…’ Gohan thought, returning to his earlier ideas. He tensed everything he had as hard as he could, feeling his muscles all cramp and twitch, but the pressure somehow felt more manageable this way, enough that he was able to write things down a little easier, but not so much that his concentration problem was fixed.

The result was that he was the last one finished with the test— Which didn’t escape notice since he was usually done FIRST. This time, he barely managed to fill in the final answer before time was up.

But… Time was up! He could leave! He had made it to the end of the day! He clumsily handed the test paper to his teacher, then stumbled out of class as quickly as his bladder would let him, spilling a few dribbles in his haste, but barely caring. It was almost over. He just had to get to the nurse’s office, she’d let him pee, she’d put an end to all of this awful pain, and he’d pee like his very life depended on it.

He got to the office… And the nurse wasn’t there. The room was vacant. He stood there for a moment, hopping and clenching and clutching, begging for her to hurry back, but finally he couldn’t stay in the same place anymore. He had to get home, that was the only thing he could do now, and every second he spent waiting here was a second wasted.

He frantically made his way towards the building’s exit, dreading what was coming. The Flying Nimbus wasn’t as fast as him, but he was in no condition to fly on his own. He was going to tell it to go as quickly as it could, hoping that it could somehow understand the urgency of his situation, but this was still going to take a while. And, the cold wind would be hitting him the whole time, making his bladder contract more.

He wasn’t going to make it home. He’d either wet his pants or hurt himself before he got there.

He could ask the Nimbus to take him to Capsule Corp instead, though. That would be closer. Bulma or Trunks would let him pee… Vegeta would… Hopefully not get as aggressive and defensive as last time…

Just… Had to get to Capsule Corp, had to find Bulma or Trunks… Had to…

When Gohan left the school building, he noticed someone waiting near the street outside of it. They were easy to spot, as they were the only person with green skin.

For a second, Gohan thought he was imagining it, so delirious with desperation that he was seeing things.

But, no. Piccolo was really there.

What was Piccolo doing outside of his school?

Oh, the reason didn’t matter, Piccolo could give him permission! Piccolo could let him pee! Gohan hurried over to him as quickly as his aching bladder would allow. “Piccolo, I’m so glad to see you, I—“

“You’ve been slacking again,” Piccolo interrupted.

Of course, that was what this was about. “I know,” Gohan said. “I’ve been busy with school, but listen, I need—“

“What you need is to resume your training.”   Gohan nodded. “Y—Yeah, I do… Listen, I REALLY have to ask y—“

“I understand you have other obligations while school is in session, but this weekend you and I are going to spend several hours getting you back on track.”

Gohan bit the inside of his cheek. He would have to stay up later than he’d like so that he could get all of his homework out of the way before then. And, he was just now FINALLY getting himself onto a normal sleep schedule, meaning it wasn’t as easy for him to stay awake all night like he once did. He could do it if he had coffee, but that brought its own problems. Once the coffee had gone through him, and he was the only one still up in the middle of the night, he’d just be stuck squirming and hoping that someone else woke up so that he could get permission to pee.

It always got so uncomfortable… He was just lucky that his father and his younger brother both tended to get up at least once a night to relieve themselves, and all he’d need to do is stop them, tell them it was an emergency, and request to go first. They both usually said yes. But, the few nights where Dad and Goten both managed to sleep all the way to morning without a bathroom break could get agonizing.

Gohan’s present desperation was worsening just thinking about it. He had to get Piccolo to tell him to pee NOW. “Y—Yes, I’ll spar with you this weekend. But, Piccolo, I—“

“No excuses,” Piccolo said. “Come to the Lookout at six in the morning on Saturday. Your father and Vegeta will be there as well. Don’t be late.” And with that, Piccolo was turning away to leave.

“Wait—Wait!” Gohan cried out, gripping Piccolo’s arm a little harder than he’d wanted to. “Hold on!”

“What?” Piccolo looked back towards him. “Don’t tell me that’s too early for y—“

“No, I just— I need to a—ask you for something before you leave,” Gohan said, shifting urgently. There was no way he was going to make it home in time. He didn’t think he could manage to hold it long enough to reach Capsule Corp, either. He had to go here, and Piccolo was the ONLY person that could make that possible for him.

“Alright…” Piccolo eyed him more closely now, finally registering his awkward motion, the peculiar sweat beading up on his forehead. “Are you ill? I thought you weren’t supposed to attend school if you were ill.”

“N—No, I just— I really have to use the toilet. I h—haven’t gone all day,” Gohan said.

“The… Um…”

“Y—You know!” Gohan cringed, his knees rubbed and then his ankles crossed. “That, um… The… The thing I need to do sometimes, where I ‘release water’? Th—That’s what you called it when I was younger. I need to do it. Now.”

“Oh, right! That!” Piccolo nodded. “I’d forgotten that there was a specific device for it, since I’ve only seen you do it outdoors.”

“Y—Yeah…” Gohan wrung his hands together uncomfortably. “In… In cities and stuff, it’s not appropriate to do that outside, so—“

“Have you been unable to find the proper contraption? Your school isn’t equipped with one?”

“No, my school has toilets, but—“

“Then, why haven’t you used one? You are performing that same dance from when you were a child…”

Gohan blushed crimson. He knew Piccolo was right… He could recall MANY instances in which he’d hopped around just like this in the woods, waiting for Piccolo to tell him that he could take a break. Now, he was doing the EXACT same thing, but he was right in front of his school, and he was much older.

He tucked his hands into his pockets as another roaring spasm flared through him. The urge to grab himself was strong, but he wanted to avoid doing that now— Otherwise he would be behaving IDENTICALLY to the way he had as a little kid.

“Are the contraptions in your school malfunctioning?” Piccolo guessed. “Are you trying to ask me to help you find another one?”

“N—No, that’s… That’s not it…” Gohan sucked in his breath, which had the unfortunate effect of making his bladder feel even more swollen and taut than before. He had decided ages ago that he wouldn’t tell Piccolo about the difficulties he had urinating. Piccolo barely understood the process to begin with, so the further complications Gohan dealt with would be even harder to grasp. Beyond that, he didn’t want Piccolo to worry about him— Or, worse, feel guilty about it.

Yes, Gohan’s trouble began because of Piccolo’s rigid rules, but Gohan still didn’t blame him for it. Neither of them could have predicted that Gohan’s mind and body would react the way that they did. It wasn’t really anyone’s fault that this had happened.

“Then, what?” Piccolo asked. “What is making you endure this discomfort?”

“I— I just… I can’t go unless someone TELLS me to first,” Gohan admitted, seeing no other option. His bladder was splitting apart, he couldn’t keep still, and he was worried he’d start to have a slow, painful, dribbly accident if he didn’t hear the magic words that would allow his bladder to spray out very soon.

“You… What…?” Piccolo was confused. “I was under the impression that this happened automatically.”

“It’s— It’s supposed to,” Gohan said. His hands shook in his pockets. As subtly as he could manage, he attempted to reach his dick through the material, hopeful that he would be able to hold himself a little discreetly.

It USED to happen automatically for him. When he was little, he didn’t have to think about it. He didn’t have to be told anything. He could just pee when he needed to, as soon as he was in the proper place. That was how it was supposed to work. When he was little, the only times he’d needed to ask someone else for assistance peeing was back when he still needed Dad to hold his tail for him so that it stayed out of the way.

“But, for you it’s different?” Piccolo gathered.

“Yeah… F—For me, it’s… Different. I… I need to be told to do it, otherwise I just… Can’t.”

“You can’t,” Piccolo repeated.

“R—Right. So, could you please t—tell me I can go? It’s… Really, really bad now.”

“Will it release as soon as I say it?” Piccolo asked.

Gohan blushed harder. That WAS something he was afraid of— That the instant he was granted permission, he would start peeing right where he was. “It… Uh… It might.”

Piccolo sighed, and Gohan hoped he wasn’t being a burden. “Will that cafe across the street have somewhere for you to release?”

“I—It does,” Gohan said.

“Very well, let’s go there and I’ll… Say what you need to hear. Try to contain yourself until then.”

“Thank you,” Gohan said, already feeling a little relieved. It took everything he had not to whimper out a plea of ‘Hurry’ on top of that. Every step required to reach the cafe made him want to whine more. He held it back to the best of his ability, he was already embarrassed enough for one day.

Upon entering, Piccolo glanced around; “Now, where is this—“

“O—Over here…” Gohan said, already walking briskly towards the restroom. There were other people in the cafe, and he was doing his best to move normally. His knees couldn’t bend, though, and he could only move his feet so far apart without the pressure becoming too great.

It wasn’t until he’d opened the door and stepped into the bathroom that he fully registered what was going to happen here.

Since both he and Piccolo figured that he was going to start peeing the instant he was told to, Gohan needed to be in front of a toilet, with his zipper down, before Piccolo spoke.

Piccolo was going to be here while he relieved himself.

And… That was… Well, Piccolo had seen him do it before. But, he’d been a little kid then. He hadn’t thought anything of it at that age, he knew his Dad peed openly all the time, so emptying his bladder in front of someone just didn’t strike him as a weird thing to do. Now that he was older, and a bit more self-conscious, it was different.

But then again, he reminded himself, Piccolo didn’t even really understand this activity to start with. He’d only just learned a few minutes ago that there were ‘specific devices’ meant for it. He didn’t know this was a private thing.

Gohan hadn’t felt awkward about it when he was a kid because neither of them knew it was SUPPOSED to be awkward.

So, what they were doing now would only be awkward if Gohan MADE it awkward.

Gohan hurried in front of a urinal and pulled down his zipper, finally he could no longer restrain his whimpering. He was right there… He was ready to pee… But he couldn’t. “Mmmf… Nnnh…”

Piccolo stood to the side. “So, that’s what you’re supposed to use for th—“

“Y—Yes! M—May I please—“

“Yes, Gohan, release the water now.”

Ohhh, those words… Those beautiful, beautiful words… Immediately, the liquid that had been stuck inside of Gohan all day started to gush forth, flooding every nerve and synapse in his body with untold amounts of breathtaking relief. “Ahhh…” he sighed, an intense blush taking hold at the noise. But, he could remember sighing like that as a kid. Piccolo probably expected him to do it. Piccolo probably thought it was a requirement for the process.

“That’s… What you needed?” Piccolo asked.

Gohan blushed more. Of course, one more thing Piccolo didn’t know was that most people didn’t like to have conversations while relieving themselves. ‘It’s only weird if you make it weird’, he reminded himself. “Y—Yeah…” He’d needed this so much… Thank goodness Piccolo had been around, he didn’t know what he would have done otherwise.

Gohan continued to pee, amazed that it could make him feel this good. After all the various ways he had been hurt in his lifetime, it was a wonder that simply needing the bathroom could bring him as much pain as it had.

“That’s a lot of water,” Piccolo commented. “Much more than when you were young.”

Gohan doubted that his face could get much redder. ‘He just doesn’t know any better.’ Gohan tried to fight back the tension. “Uh… Yeah, er… Adults have… Larger bladders.”

“And the bladder is where the water is stored?”

“R—Right…” Gohan tried to finish faster. If he HAD to teach Piccolo about urination, he would prefer to do so when he was NOT actively urinating. Unfortunately, he’d needed to go SO badly that it was taking a while to get everything out.

“It’s like a… container inside of you?”

“I guess…” Gohan said. Ohhh, this felt so good. He had never needed to pee this badly before, nor had he ever experienced relief that was quite this satisfying. He was peeing so much that he wondered if it was EVER going to stop.

“You seem to be… Comfortable now? No more pain?”

“R—Right.” Gohan was SO comfortable, all the aching pain was fading away, leaving behind a tingling emptiness. It took nearly another full minute for the last of his burden to finally dribble out. He zipped himself up and stumbled back, a little dazed as he tried to readjust to how it felt NOT to be bursting apart at his seams.

“You enjoy releasing water?” Piccolo gathered.

“Um… Well, uh…” Gohan wasn’t sure how to answer that. He had DEFINITELY enjoyed getting all of that out… “It’s just something that I HAVE to do, remember? It hurts really bad if I don’t do it for too long.”

“And… The main reason that you end up not doing it for too long is that you require permission to be given to you first?”

Gohan nodded nervously. “Yeah… That’s a little weird, though. For most people, they can just go. It happens automatically, like you said earlier.”

“If you have this requirement, then… When I left you alone in the wilderness for six months, were you unable to release anything for all that time? Is that why you let it go in your clothes so many times when I first returned?”

“Um… No. I, uh, I didn’t need to be given permission back then. I was able to go without it.” That felt so long ago to Gohan now, he could barely remember what it was like to pee so freely and easily.

“So, this is something that developed for you? When did you first start to have this problem?”

“Um, I first noticed it on the way to Namek with Bulma and Krillin. I always needed one of them to tell me to go… Then, ON Namek, it got harder, since most of the people there didn’t know what peeing was and what I was asking them for.”

Piccolo frowned. “Did this start because of how I handled this need of yours while I was training you?”

“Um… Uh… Don’t— Don’t feel bad about it,” Gohan said. “Neither of us could have known—“

“How often are you in distress because of this?”

“Er… I don’t know… I mean, I’ve NEVER had to pee as badly as I did today, so—“

“That wasn’t the question,” Piccolo told him firmly. “How often are you uncomfortable because of this problem?”

Gohan looked away. “Well… I guess pretty often. If I’m alone for too long, or I wake up in the middle of the night to pee, but no one else is up, or—“

“And this has been happening since you were five,” Piccolo said. “It has been thirteen years?”

“I— I guess so…”

“Why did you never tell me?”

“What?”

Piccolo frowned more, but it was a concerned frown. “Why didn’t you tell me? Before I brought you here, you looked like you were being tortured. It is obvious that this is hurting you, and if I caused it—“

“N—No one caused it,” Gohan said. “It’s not like you could have predicted—“

“I have caused you to suffer for thirteen years,” Piccolo interrupted. “However unintentional this was, I’m going to try to fix it. You can’t continue like this.”

“I mean, I’ve done alright with it…” Gohan said. This was what he’d been afraid of. Piccolo felt guilty. “Today was just—“

“And, what if there end up being more days like it?”

Gohan thought about that. There probably WOULD be, he realized with some trepidation. Especially as he got older and wasn’t always with his parents and younger brother. He was graduating soon… What would he do if he got a job that required him to work long hours alone? What if he ever had to try LIVING alone? Would he need to make phone calls to Mom and Dad every time he needed to pee? “Well…”

“I’m sorry, Gohan,” Piccolo said. “I didn’t mean to make you suffer. I’m going to try to think of something to reverse this.”

“You really don’t have to do that…”

“I do,” Piccolo insisted.

***

Piccolo did his best to come up with a solution, but since he knew so little about ‘releasing water’ to start with, he didn’t know where to begin. He’d always THOUGHT it happened automatically, so there had to be something that ‘blocked’ it for Gohan. Once he knew what that was, he could just figure out how to remove it, and all would be well.

Trouble was, he didn’t know WHAT could be causing the block. He knew he needed to ask someone about this who actually had experience with ‘urinating’ and knew what it felt like. He knew Saiyans and Earthlings all had to do it, but wasn’t sure which one to ask.

He just knew he probably shouldn’t ask Goku. Goku released water whenever and wherever he wanted, he definitely didn’t have a ‘block’ of any sort, so likely wouldn’t have any idea as to the source of Gohan’s.

He wondered if anyone he knew, aside from Gohan, had a ‘block’. But, he kind of doubted that. He thought he’d seen all of them release water at least once… Well, everyone but Android Eighteen and Vegeta, now that he thought about it. Maybe one of them had a ‘block’?

Eighteen was an android, though. Maybe she just didn’t HAVE one of those bladder things Gohan had spoken of.

And, Vegeta… He tended to snap at Goku when he released water in an open area, so he likely just didn’t do it himself as a way to differentiate himself from Goku, not for any other reason.

That Saturday, he went to the Lookout early in the morning. Vegeta was already there, looking as tetchy as always. “Dammit, Kakarot…” Vegeta mumbled. “Get your ass over here, I have had a shitty enough morning without you being late…”

Piccolo wondered how Vegeta could ALREADY be this pissed off when he couldn’t have been up for more than an hour so far.

Vegeta paced back and forth several times, grumbling to himself about Kakarot’s lack of punctuality. He was dying to start training, it had been too long since he’d had a two-against-two fight… He and Kakarot were going to ANNIHILATE Piccolo and Gohan… If the idiot and his son would ever GET here, anyway.

Vegeta HATED delays… Especially when he knew that, even when Kakarot DID finally turn up, they wouldn’t be able to jump right into the battle.

He… Needed Kakarot to get here for ANOTHER reason, too.

Vegeta hadn’t been able to pee that morning. There was some problem with the plumbing at Capsule Corp. Trunks INSISTED that he hadn’t messed with anything, but Vegeta doubted it. The business was still able to function as usual, since the problem was mainly effecting the living area. Which meant that VEGETA was certainly NOT able to function as usual.

“Vegeta, it’s alright!” Bulma had told him. “There are showers in other parts of the building that are still working, and my dad’s trying to fix everything over here.”

“Woman, do you HONESTLY believe that a SHOWER is what I’m most concerned with right now?!” Vegeta had snapped back. How could she not realize how serious a problem this was for him? There was ONE place he could reliably piss, and now it wasn’t working!

“What’s the matter?” Bulma had asked. “If you need to pee, you still can. It’s just not gonna flush until everything’s working again.”

Vegeta had then shaken his head in disgust. He was supposed to just… Leave it there? Revolting. And then people would be able to SEE it… He’d even explained this to Bulma.

“You’re being silly,” Bulma said.

“I most certainly am NOT!”

“Vegeta, just go… Look at your legs, they’re all tangled up…”

Vegeta had then worked to UN-tangle them, scowling.

“It’s not like I’m going to go in there and look after you’ve finished,” Bulma sighed. “There’s no reason for you to be so uncomfortable.”

After a while, she had succeeded in getting Vegeta to at least TRY, but HE wasn’t successful. Even if she thought there was no reason he SHOULD be so uncomfortable, he still WAS, and his bladder didn’t want to comply.

So, he’d flown here, his legs pressed tightly together, knowing that as soon as he saw Kakarot, he could get the idiot to accompany him to the vast forest deep below the Lookout, and he’d at last find some relief THERE.

Now, if only Kakarot would hurry the Hell up… “Come on, fucking clown… You can TELEPORT, you have NO excuse for EVER showing up late…” he muttered.

Piccolo watched him pace, his agitation growing. And also a bit of… Shaking?

Had he not already been thinking about this subject, Piccolo probably wouldn’t have even considered the possibility, but Vegeta looked really uncomfortable… And the way he refused to stay in one spot made him seem frantic, urgent… Kind of like how Gohan had been the other day.

“Do you have to do that Saiyan thing?” Piccolo asked.

“Saiyan thing…?” Vegeta repeated. Well, he supposed he COULD chi-blast something right now. He was certainly angry enough to WANT to, but the destruction wouldn’t accomplish anything. It wouldn’t make Kakarot get here any faster, it would only waste Vegeta’s energy.

“That thing where you release water,” Piccolo clarified. “Your behavior reminded me of how Gohan acts when he wants to do that.”

Just fantastic. His desperation was apparently SO damn obvious now that even someone WITHOUT a bladder, someone who had only a vague understanding of what urination was, could pick up on it.

Painstakingly moving his legs apart, Vegeta turned away, hoping his blush wasn’t too visible. He was NOT going to admit this to Piccolo. Piccolo only barely grasped the concept of needing to piss to start out with, he wouldn’t understand Vegeta’s stupid fucking… ‘condition’ at all.

“Uh, no,” Vegeta said. “If I appear tense, it’s because of… Something else.”

“… What does it feel like?”

“What does WHAT feel like?” Vegeta tried not to shift his feet around. Parting his legs had made his overflowing bladder feel so unbalanced.

“The water releasing thing,” Piccolo said. “Is waiting to do that always painful? There’s no pain when you actually DO it, right?”

Was… Was he seriously asking this?! He had never taken Piccolo for the curious type, not about things like this! He’d never inquired about any of the other functions of a Saiyan body— He’d never asked what turning into a Super Saiyan felt like, and that was information that Vegeta was actually willing to give!

“You want me to describe this to you?!” Vegeta snapped, disbelieving.

“I do. I’m afraid I’ve made a mistake with Gohan, I’m trying to think of a way to mend it.”

Vegeta knew Gohan had difficulties urinating unless he’d been given direct permission first, he sometimes forgot about that as the issue seemed so microscopic in comparison to Vegeta’s own problem. It was easy to assume that habit had something to do with the harsh training he’d received from Piccolo.

“It’s… Deeply uncomfortable to NEED to… do that,” Vegeta managed. Fuck, it was so uncomfortable. His middle was aching, surges rippling through it constantly as he tried hard not to resume his fidgeting. “But, it… Uh… The actual act of… ‘releasing water’ feels… Good.”

“How uncomfortable? Does it build up over time?”

“Yes… It worsens the longer you wait. It’s, um… A pressure… It increases…” It was increasing in him now, his bladder filling, swelling, not enough room for all the pressure inside of it. It was going to start climbing up him soon. If he didn’t find a way to let it out, his back would ignite.

Piccolo didn’t need to know that. From the reactions he’d received when others found out about his back pains, Vegeta could gather that the sensation was unique to him.

“Exactly how painful does it become?”

Vegeta looked away. He was not as close to Piccolo as he was to others. Vegeta had reached the point that he could tell his family, or Kakarot, if something hurt him. He’d never admitted to Piccolo that ANYTHING had been agonizing for him, let alone something this embarrassing.

But, it DID get painful. It got Hellishly painful. Vegeta’s desperation could reach levels that were so severe they prompted him to shout, or brought shameful, humiliating tears to his eyes. The fact was, there were few things that could hurt him WORSE than his own vicious bladder could.

“Well— Uh— Different people can endure it better than others,” Vegeta said. Like him. He could endure it for days. It made him wish that he’d drop dead, but he could do it! “I— I am sure it COULD cause pain for some…” Feeling his face heat as his heart raced, he quickly tacked on “B—But not me. Of course. I could never be hurt by something like that. But, Kakarot, it’s hurt him before, I’ve seen him in agony from it.”

Vegeta was saying too much, talking too fast. He sounded defensive. He sounded like he was hiding something. Because he was. Especially when he registered that the times he’d seen Kakarot in the MOST agony from needing to pee had been the occasions in which they’d fused so that Vegeta could empty himself.

“I see…” Piccolo said. “So, this HAS caused Gohan as much pain as I feared…”

“M—Maybe,” Vegeta said. “I don’t discuss such matters with him, nor do I pay attention.” Another lie. He had paid attention to Gohan’s needs in the past— Not on purpose, of course. But, he’d noticed the younger Saiyan squirm plenty of times in the past. The sight had annoyed him quite a bit when Gohan was small.

They’d be training, Gohan would start to look uncomfortable and urgent, or he’d begin pulling on Kakarot’s pant-leg, anything to get his father’s attention to the fact he needed to pee. And it was just… The way Kakarot ACTED when his son showed desperation, it got to Vegeta in a way that he couldn’t quite put into words.

Kakarot never told Gohan to hold it, or implied that he was weak for wanting to stop for something like that. Kakarot didn’t force Gohan to ask more than once unless there was a very good reason that he had to wait. Kakarot didn’t do ANYTHING that was intended to cause Gohan embarrassment or prolong his desperation.

No, Kakarot would see that his son needed a break, and he’d just… Take him somewhere to pee, at most telling the boy that he hadn’t even NEEDED to ask in the first place, because he was always allowed to go.

And, it would just make Vegeta… Uncomfortable. Something would prod at the back of his mind, and his chest would feel heavy and knotted, and he’d have to force back some tense irritation, and a very infuriating, confusing bubble of envy that he detested himself for feeling. What was he so jealous of?!

“It definitely does cause him pain,” Piccolo said quietly. “He looked as though he…” He turned back to Vegeta. “If a person needed to release water, and the pressure you spoke of was very high, would it be unusual for that person’s body to then… I don’t know how to put this… Would it be unusual if the body refused to release the water?”

Dammit… Gohan must have talked to Piccolo about his own problem, in detail. Piccolo DID have some vague notion that this was something that could happen.

“Uh…” Vegeta cleared his throat, the action sending painful vibrations down to his bladder. Without meaning to, he crossed his legs again. “That is… Well… I— I wouldn’t know anything about that.”

“So, it IS unusual? You’ve never experienced it yourself?” Piccolo looked worried.

“N—No. Never,” Vegeta said sharply, his mouth refusing to stay quiet. “Abso—Absolutely not. Not even one time. Never in my life. I can’t even imagine what that could possibly feel like.” ‘Dammit, stop talking… You’re getting too defensive!’

Piccolo frowned. “This is worse than I’d thought, if Gohan’s situation is something rare… Think, Vegeta… Has Goku ever had this happen?”

‘Only slightly. And only when he’s fused to me…’ Vegeta thought. His chest tightened, and his bladder cramped along with it. He didn’t want to be talking about this. He didn’t want Piccolo to know about it— Not when Piccolo was SPECIFICALLY trying to prod him for answers and in depth descriptions of how it worked! “No, he hasn’t. I—In fact, unless Gohan has told him about it, I doubt Kakarot has ever even heard of such a thing.”

“You seem to have heard of it before, though,” Piccolo gathered, he glanced down at Vegeta’s legs, which were still wound together. “Has this discussion made you want to release water after all? Gohan tells me that talking about it can have that effect.”

“I… No,” Vegeta begrudgingly straightened himself out again, but his knees wobbled beneath the unfathomable pressure.

“… What would cause a person’s body to refuse to release?” Piccolo asked. “Since you’ve heard of this, I assume you know something about how it works.”

‘Stupid feelings,’ Vegeta thought. ‘Bullshit like anxiety’. “I… I have no idea. As I said, I have no experience with— Haa—“ Vegeta grimaced, before making the incredibly stupid decision to palm at his now splintering back.

“Huh? What’s going on?!” Piccolo exclaimed. “I don’t sense any strong powers, what’s—“

“N—Nothing…” Vegeta pulled his hand away, clutching at his throbbing side. His entire abdominal region was coated in earthquake-like spasms. Burning, corrosive stabs shot all through him. Where the fuck was Kakarot? “Nothing… Nothing at all…”

Dende walked over, having heard Vegeta’s cry of pain. “Oh my, do you have an injury?”

“N—No…” Vegeta winced. He felt like his torso had been skinned alive…

“You’ve done this before in the past,” Piccolo noted. “It made sense when you did it after sparring with someone, I assumed you were sore… But this time, nothing happe—“

“I— I just—“ Vegeta didn’t know what to do. He was just too overwhelmed. All the questions, his brutal desperation, being forced to discuss his least favorite topic…

Dende came to his side. “I could try to heal whatever is sore,” he said.

“I—It won’t work,” Vegeta said. “You’ve tried once before.”

Dende glanced him over. “I have…? You mean this is a chronic injury?”

“N—No, I mean… I mean… I—“

“SORRY WE’RE LATE!” Kakarot’s voice… Vegeta had NEVER been so happy to hear it before. Vegeta turned to see the fool, along with Gohan… And Krillin and Yamcha, for some reason. “I wanted to see if anyone else wanted to come train with us today,” he explained.

Piccolo rolled his eyes. “Fine…” he sighed. “Who wants the first round?”

Before anyone could respond, Dende cut in; “Um, first, I really DO want to check and see what’s troubling Vegeta so much.”

“Troubling Vegeta…?” Kakarot asked, looking over at him.

Vegeta widened his eyes at Kakarot, trying to convey his need to him without words. But, with Dende fussing around in front of him, the message wasn’t as clear as it usually was. “I’m fine…” Vegeta huffed at him. “Back off already.”

“But—“   

Vegeta shoved past him, then took the fastest steps he could over to Kakarot. “Kakarot, I am perfectly fine,” he said. “The only thing bothering me is a little bit of… Excess energy. But, now that you’re here, I should be able to release it soon.”

“I’m pretty sure he’s hurt,” Dende said. “He’s been acting like he’s in pain.”

Kakarot looked from Dende to Vegeta. “O—Oh… Um, right!” he said, immediately coming to Vegeta’s side and grasping his arm. “Vegeta skinned his knee really bad yesterday… Silly Vegeta, you don’t need to be all embarrassed about that!” Kakarot started to walk with him, pulling him along very quickly— A little too quickly for his bladder, in fact. “Come on, let’s go down to see Korin and get you some medicine for it! And, after that, I sensed this weird power somewhere in the forest…” He turned. “So, don’t worry if we’re gone for longer than you’d expect!”

“Huh…?” Krillin said. “I don’t sense anything…”

“Shouldn’t we come with you if you think there’s something bad going on?” Yamcha asked.

“Oh, no… Don’t worry! Vegeta and I can handle this, can’t we Vegeta?”

“Ye—“

“Yep! Come on!”

As they left, everyone exchanged awkward glances.

“That was… Kind of weird,” Krillin said.

“It was,” Piccolo agreed. “Why can’t I sense this power Goku spoke of?”

“You can’t either?” Krillin asked. “You think only Saiyans can notice it for some reason?”

Gohan shook his head. “I don’t think so, because I can’t feel it, either.”

“You think it’s just too far away for us to pick up on?”

“I don’t know…” Piccolo said. “I can still sense THEIR energies… And Vegeta’s feels out of control, so I guess they’re fighting it, whatever it is.”

“Yeah, I feel that, too,” Gohan said. “Vegeta’s energy is going nuts, but Dad’s feels normal… He must be trying to conserve.”

“Vegeta’s going to use up all his power in one blast again, isn’t he?” Krillin shook his head.

“Seems like it,” Yamcha said.

Something shifted, and Piccolo looked confused. “Whoa— I’ve never sensed his chi do THAT before…”

“You’re right,” Gohan said. “It feels sort of light and floaty, doesn’t it? That’s really weird— Especially for Vegeta.”

“Yeah, it’s like he’s calming down really slowly,” Krillin agreed. “Since when can Vegeta calm down?”

“It’s kind of like what Gohan’s energy does when he—“ Piccolo stopped himself as something dawned on him. Vegeta had a ‘block’, didn’t he? That explained the defensiveness about the subject, his squirming, his denial, the urgency with which he’d approached Goku. Goku’s quick excuses to leave that didn’t make any sense. Vegeta had a ‘block’ and, somehow, Goku helped him with it.

“When he what?” Krillin asked.

“Yeah, Piccolo,” Gohan nodded. “What do y—“ His eyes widened, as he too realized what must have ACTUALLY been happening. “Oh! You mean when I SLEEP, right?”

Piccolo, thankfully, didn’t correct him. “Right.”

***

‘Wow, Vegeta… You REALLY needed this one, didn’t you?’ Goku thought as Vegeta continued to pee behind him, occasionally letting out very soft sighs, like he was too ashamed to do so as loudly as he wanted to. ‘Now I feel bad for being so late.’

Once Vegeta had finally finished up, he zipped his pants and turned to face Goku. “Do you think they noticed anything?” He asked.

“I doubt it… Why are you worried about that today?”

“The Namekian was… Asking me things before you got there. I’m concerned we haven’t been discreet enough and he’s catching on somehow.”

“Huh, that would be weird. Piccolo doesn’t even pee, so I don’t think he’d know what to look for,” Goku said. “What was he asking you?”

“Things about what urination feels like… Then, what could cause someone to be unable to… To… You know.”

Goku frowned. Why would Piccolo be wondering about that? “I’m sure he doesn’t know. I’ve NEVER told anyone, I swear.”

“I… I know,” Vegeta said, surprised again by how easy it was to trust Kakarot. He didn’t have to try to do that anymore. He just… Knew that Kakarot wouldn’t do anything like that to him. “I trust you about as far as I can throw you.”

“Vegeta! I PROMISE I’ve never—“ Kakarot paused. “Ohhh, yeah. That IS really far.”

“But still, why did he specifically ask ME about that?”

“I don’t know,” Goku admitted. “He must have just gotten curious about it for some reason. You know, since he doesn’t pee, he just wonders what it’s like, I guess? Not sure where he would have heard about… Those kinds of ‘problems’, though.”

“Most likely from your son,” Vegeta shrugged, beginning to walk off.

Goku stood there for a moment, then it sank in. “Huh? My son?” He asked. “What do you mean?”

Vegeta froze. Had Gohan never told EITHER of his parents? How did they not know? Gohan asked them if he could pee all the time… Vegeta had assumed that meant they had some idea about it! “You know… Gohan, he can’t relieve himself unless someone tells him he can?”

“He— What? I… I thought that was just a game he plays with Goten and Videl sometimes!”

“… Kakarot, that would be the weirdest fucking ‘game’ ever invented,” Vegeta stated. “Now, I had assumed you already KNEW about this, so don’t let Gohan know I told you.”

“He told YOU, then?” Goku asked. “But… Not me?”

Vegeta turned back to look at him. Kakarot actually looked kind of hurt. “Uh, perhaps he ALSO assumed you already knew… That you had worked it out for yourself due to his behavior. That’s what you did with me, remember? You— irritatingly— figured it out all on your own.”

“He does ask me if he can pee a lot,” Kakarot said. “I thought that was just ‘cause Chi-Chi wants him to have good manners and stuff… I didn’t know that he NEEDED me to say it…”

“Well. Now you do. Come on, Kakarot, let’s—“

“Vegeta, does Gohan not think he can ask me for help with stuff?”

“I don’t know! Try asking him! Come ON! We’ve already been gone way too long!”

Kakarot finally started to follow him, but he did so slowly.

***

When the two returned, the group was able to start training as intended. Piccolo noticed Goku continually walking up to Gohan any time they took a break, and then just walking away, like he didn’t know what he wanted to say.

He also noticed that Vegeta looked significantly more comfortable than he had that morning— Confirming Piccolo’s theory that he had a ‘block’.

Which, hopefully, meant that he would be the correct person to ask about this stuff. Vegeta was older and had, presumably, dealt with this longer than Gohan had. He probably knew what the cause was, and ways to make it easier to handle.

*012*2024-12-02 22:48

I now have the rest of the chapters for this fic ready, and I'm going to try to post at least one per week.

This chapter has a CW for mentions of past SA towards the end. To skip over it, stop reading at this line; "  “Yes…” Vegeta groaned. This had to be the deepest layer of Hell or something." The rest of the chapter is lighter to balance that out, and next week's will be as well.

***

Vegeta cursed himself once again for all of the terrible actions he had committed over the course of his life. It was evident now that the universe was going to punish him for them again and again until the end of time, no matter how much he tried to atone for them.

That was the only possible explanation for what was happening now.

Vegeta had never realized how manipulative Piccolo could be; The green bastard had tricked him into this, and he’d fallen for it SO easily.

All Piccolo had needed to do was remark that he and Vegeta had never fought each other one-on-one before, something Vegeta hadn’t actually realized and, naturally, wanted to remedy as soon as he could. He knew he’d be able to take down the Namekian without too much trouble, but he never passed up the chance for a battle.

So, Piccolo had just… Lured Vegeta out here to the desert, promising a fight. And Vegeta had gotten one. It didn’t last too long, nowhere near the amount of time Vegeta’s spars with Kakarot could go on for, but Vegeta still felt that rush he loved so much.

And it was nice to actually emerge victorious for once…

What wasn’t nice was the heavy tingling in his bladder, which he became aware of once the dust had settled and his energy had returned to normal again. Of course, after hearing that he was going out to spar, Bulma had forced some water down his throat. As a result, his throat didn’t feel like he’d just swallowed a pound of cinnamon, nor had the dizziness and migraine he usually felt at the end of a battle emerged. The effects of dehydration weren’t tormenting him. But, the effects of hydration WERE.

Time to get himself home…

But first, he had to take care of something much more important than his bladder; His ego. He placed his hands onto his hips and smirked at Piccolo; “Aha, and there we have it! Our first one-on-one fight, and I have defeated you with barely a scratch on me! You see now that it was a mistake to challenge me!”

There. That ought to do it.

He started to levitate into the air, only for Piccolo to grab him by the ankle. What the— Vegeta kicked out of his grasp easily, but it infuriated him that the Namekian would dare to touch him like that. “Hands off!”

“Hold on, Vegeta,” Piccolo said.

Vegeta groaned. He didn’t WANT to hold on… That had been too much water earlier! Rushing away might make Piccolo wonder, though. And since he’d ALREADY been asking Vegeta those stupid questions, inviting more of his curiosity was not a good idea.

He didn’t want Piccolo to get any preposterous ideas, like that he was actually hurrying home because he needed to take a piss and couldn’t do it anywhere else. Such a ridiculous notion!

“Ugh, what do you want?” Vegeta demanded.

“I didn’t just invite you out here to fight,” Piccolo said. “I also wanted to discuss something with you. I’m aware that you have a ‘block’ when you need to release water, like Gohan’s. Is there anything you do to manage it?”

He’d just… Said it. So bluntly. So directly.

Vegeta wanted to fucking kill him.

He still HAD energy to spare after that first battle. He could EASILY go for a second round now!

How the fuck had he figured it out?! Who had told him?! Was it Gohan? He’d kill HIM, too!

“I do NOT have a ‘block’. I don’t know WHY you would think something so… So idiotic. Who suggested it to you?”

“No one,” Piccolo said. “I figured it out the other day when we were training. You clearly wanted to release water badly, and—“

“I did NOT,” Vegeta snapped. He started to hover off the ground again. Not because he wanted to begin flying home yet— He had to get THIS settled before he did anything else. No, he needed to levitate because the current conversation was, for some reason, making him WAY more aware of how much taller Piccolo was than him. Once he was high enough in the air to meet Piccolo’s eyes, he stayed put… Save for a little bit of twitching in his legs that he couldn’t quite tamp down. “M—My… My… Bodily functions are… Are NONE of your concern! One more word, and we’ll fight again— And THIS time I won’t stop myself from turning Super Saiyan!”

Piccolo, damn him, responded CALMLY, just REFUSING to meet Vegeta’s rage. “I am only trying to help Gohan. I made a mistake, and it’s caused him to suffer for years. If I did this, then I’m likely the only one that can fix it.”

That just made Vegeta’s rage burn brighter. Piccolo had caused Gohan to have trouble peeing ACCIDENTALLY. Piccolo wanted to reverse the issue now that he knew about it.

Frieza had deliberately fucked with Vegeta’s head, and was delighted by how well it had worked, by how he could use it as another way to control him.

So, then what if Piccolo was right about being the only one who could fix Gohan’s dilemma? Did that mean FRIEZA was the sole person that could fix Vegeta’s? In that case, Vegeta was NEVER going to defeat this! Frieza was dead, first of all. And, even if some maniac decided to revive him, he would NOT try to repair what he’d done to Vegeta. He’d just laugh his ass off upon finding out that the Problem was STILL afflicting him!

“Vegeta?” Piccolo spoke, and Vegeta tried to snap himself out of it.

“WHAT?”

“I see that this is uncomfortable for you to talk about, but I am only trying to assist Gohan,” Piccolo told him. “I feel awful about this, I never wanted to make him miserable.”

Frieza HAD wanted to make Vegeta miserable. It was ALL he wanted. Vegeta’s misery had given Frieza life… If Frieza could see him now, having this ridiculous conversation and uncomfortably holding back his piss, unable to just run off and blast it against a rock like Kakarot would be capable of…

“If there is anything you know of that could help,” Piccolo said. “I would appreciate it if you let me know.”

“Th—There’s…” Vegeta’s bladder lurched. It was as if, the more awkward this discussion made him feel, the worse he needed to go. His knees pinched, and he lost control of his chi for a second, dropping a few inches in the air before he managed to stop himself from hitting the ground completely— Something which was guaranteed to send his body into hysterics now. “There’s… Nothing. I don’t… I don’t know what you’re talking about…”

Vegeta allowed himself to land. It was only a couple more inches, and he’d done it so carefully, but the cramping he had been anticipating clobbered into his bladder anyway. He hissed a bit through his clenched teeth, opening and closing his fists. He just wanted to go home!

“Are you wanting to release water now?” Piccolo asked.

No… Come on… Please… Now even PICCOLO was learning what his stupid ‘signs’ were?! This couldn’t be happening! “No, dammit, I— I’m done here! I’m leavi—“

Piccolo grasped his arm, and this time Vegeta wasn’t able to pull away as easily, more of his energy diverting towards keeping his bladder in check. “Vegeta, if I COULD ask someone else for advice, I WOULD. Could you just—“

“NO. I’m not discussing this with— I mean, there’s— There’s nothing TO discuss!” Vegeta’s lower abdomen twisted once more, his thighs strained, trying to pin his opening between them, trying to calm down the tides. But, Vegeta himself was so… So… fucking… anxious. He was so anxious that the liquid within him was trembling along with him.

“I won’t bring this up to anyone else,” Piccolo said. “If THAT’S what’s concerning you.”

Vegeta’s twitching settled down slightly. Piccolo would stay quiet… Fine. That was… Better. He had been concerned that Piccolo would bring it up freely with whoever he talked to, unable to grasp how private and personal this was for Vegeta because HE had never had to deal with such an… embarrassing function.

Piccolo sensed some of his tension fading. “Who else knows? I assume Goku does?”

“… Right,” Vegeta sighed. “K—Kakarot knows. A—As well as his woman and sons. M—My family is a—aware… Bulma and Trunks, anyway. Android Eighteen f—figured it out. And… I suppose Cell may have known. N—Nappa knew. And… Fr—Frieza…”

“… That’s more people than I would have thought,” Piccolo said. “Did they all just… Come to the conclusion in the same way I did?”

Vegeta paused, aside from his bouncing toes. Come to think of it, with the vast majority of those people, he had… Actually TOLD them. “Uh… I… I notified some of them,” he said, stunned at the realization. He’d CHOSEN to let most of those people know. For one reason or another, he had decided it would be easier if they were made aware.

“And is this sort of problem considered disgraceful?” Piccolo guessed.

‘Yes,’ Vegeta thought. ‘It’s humiliating. There shouldn’t be things that I can’t do.’

“Are you typically mocked for it once someone knows?”

At that, Vegeta had to pause again. The only person who’d EVER really used this against him was Frieza. Frieza, who used absolutely everything that he possibly could against Vegeta. “…No,” he said, shocked once again. “Not usually.”

“Good. I hope that means Gohan hasn’t been teased,” Piccolo said. “But, if no one taunts you over this, why is it necessary to keep it hidden? Gohan also never told me.”

“It’s personal, alright?” Vegeta said. “I know this is hard for you to grasp, but I don’t enjoy having others know about my… My… Um… Shortcomings.” Pressure flared up in him as he spoke. Talking about this was making him all the more eager to go. He silently cursed Bulma for giving him that water, for standing there with her arms folded, watching until he’d gotten it all down.

It hadn’t been necessary. He would have been just fine without it. He could handle the cloying thirst, the throbbing headache that came from his dehydration. He could not handle being asked stupid questions about his stupid Problem, while said stupid Problem made it so hard for him not to fidget. His toes flexed uselessly inside his boots, because he just had to move something.

What he wouldn’t give to have his tail returned right about now…

“Gohan likely doesn’t want to discuss it, either.”

“But, what IS it?” Piccolo asked. “I see Goku release water all the time, and it just happens.”

Vegeta grimaced. Stupid Kakarot… The least he could do is go behind a tree first…

“Why is the process automatic for him, but you and Gohan both—“

“If Gohan attempted to relieve himself before you instructed him to, what happened?” Vegeta interrupted. “That’s how this began, as I understand it. What, precisely, did you do?”

“In the beginning, I didn’t realize that this was something he HAD to do,” Piccolo explained. “I assumed he could be trained out of it as he got stronger. So, at first, when I saw him hopping around and he started to ask me, I thought it was unimportant so I just wouldn’t let him go. He would often release it onto himself. It wasn’t until he’d done that several times that I understood he couldn’t be expected to contain it indefinitely.”

Vegeta imagined being forced to have that many accidents as a child. Just the one had destroyed him… “A—And, after he’d done that, what did you say?”

“Sometimes he cried, and I ordered him to stop. If he didn’t cry, we just continued training.”

Well. That wasn’t AS bad as what Frieza had done, at least…

“Once I understood it better, we worked out a system. I would give him occasional breaks. I worry now that I didn’t grant them often enough, but he didn’t leak on himself as much. There were multiple hours between each break, and he did do the hopping thing frequently. Sometimes he would start to ask before it was time, and I’d always tell him no. He did his best to follow my instructions, but there were times he disobeyed. Looking back, those must have been occasions where I pushed his body too far, and in the wrong way.”

“When he ignored your command, what did you do?”

“He was disciplined. He’d run off behind a rock or something, and I’d go get him. I never allowed him to finish what he was doing back there. I would shout at him to stop and get back to his training. He WOULD stop himself, but he’d look like he was hurt. I always assumed it was exhaustion from the harsh training, but—“

“Being made to stop before he was ready to would have caused him significant pain, yes,” Vegeta said, hastily adding; “I assume. I’ve n—never had reason to d—do that…” Now, it was starting to make more sense why Gohan had so much trouble. His body genuinely didn’t think it was safe to go without permission.

“I was afraid of that. And I suppose punishing him afterwards didn’t help.”

“What was the punishment?”

“Exercises,” Piccolo said. “He hated sit-ups the most, so I’d have him do those until he collapsed.”

Vegeta had a pretty good idea of why Gohan had despised that exercise in particular. Not allowed to finish relieving himself, then forced to do something that placed significant pressure on his lower abdomen. VEGETA struggled to do that when he had to pee even now, little Gohan would have been in Hell.

Not that Vegeta CARED, of course. He was just trying to think this through so that the conversation could end, and he could get home to alleviate the pressure in his own bladder. “Intentional or not, you have trained his body to only release if its been given permission. On some weird level, he might feel like he’ll be stopped mid-flow like that again, so he’s not able to start.”

“Is that what happened to you?”

“… Nah— No! Nothing— Nothing happe— I—“ Vegeta gritted his fists again, fresh waves crashing hard against his opening, he tensed his thighs and tried not to bounce. He did so anyway. “My situation is somewhat different. I’m not getting into it. The point is, that brat is lucky, because you may be able to retrain him.”

“That’s what I was hoping for,” Piccolo said. “Do I just need to remind him enough times that he doesn’t need permission anymore?”

Vegeta shrugged. That sounded too easy. He knew Kakarot had told Gohan that he didn’t need to ask to pee plenty of times before, confused by his son’s requests, and it hadn’t resolved the issue. Maybe he just needed to hear it from Piccolo specifically. Vegeta’s toes bounced a few more times before he was able to will them to stop. “I don’t know,” he said. “I’m… Uh… Running late. The woman will want me home soon.”

“Hold on one more minute. What exactly is it that prevents him from going?” Piccolo asked. “I understand that I trained his body to expect permission, but why has it become a requirement? If he could disobey me as a child, why is he unable to release without hearing the word ‘yes’ now?”

Vegeta’s legs moved closer together, trying to stay still to the best of his ability. His ankles began to cross, and he moved them away from each other with frustration. “As I said, he’s probably getting this… This weird, stupid feeling that makes him think he’ll be interrupted, and that it’s not… That it’s not okay to go.”

“And what is this feeling? What is it like?”

“… I… I don’t…” Vegeta turned away, he rocked forwards and back on his heels, taking a few tiny steps in place. This discussion was… A nightmare. Talking about someone else being unable to urinate just made Vegeta feel even worse about not being able to do it himself. He would LOVE to be able to do it right now, his bladder seemed to swell more with every hesitant word. “I don’t know what it is…”

Piccolo squinted, and Vegeta could feel his eyes on his back. He knew he couldn’t get out of this. Piccolo could tell when someone was bullshitting him. “Even if you don’t know the name of it, you obviously know what it feels like.”

“It’s…” Vegeta chewed on his lip. He had managed to admit it to himself, finally, that he did indeed have anxiety. He had a ton of it… He was reluctantly okay with Bulma using the word around him now, but saying it aloud to someone else— Someone that he wasn’t as close to as he was to Bulma… “It’s… Damn it all, it’s called anxiety. It’s—“

“I know what anxiety is,” Piccolo said. “Namekians can have it as well. I just didn’t realize it could prevent someone from being able to relieve themselves.”

Vegeta huffed out a breath, cringing as he felt his bladder react by pulling taut, straining. His own stupid fucking anxiety tied a few tight bands around the swelling organ as well, worsening the pressure to such a degree that his ankles began to cross over each other again.

“So, I need to help Gohan feel more relaxed,” Piccolo said. “Until his body re-learns that it can release without being told to?”

Vegeta nodded. That sounded right. But still, maddeningly simple. He pictured Piccolo gently reminding Gohan every so often than he can take a piss whenever he wanted to now, that no one would shout at him and force him to clamp off the flow before his bladder had emptied, and THAT eventually being enough to get him past this. Vegeta thought about how Gohan could be back to normal in as little as one month from now, able to pee with the same ease as his idiot father.

“I will come up with a plan,” Piccolo decided. “I appreciate the help. I can tell that wasn’t easy for you to speak about.”

“Tch…” Vegeta folded his arms, fingers digging into them, clenching. “Whatever. If you mention any part of this conversation again, I’ll be tearing out your tongue.”

“You already have my word that I’ll keep this between us.”

“You’d better,” Vegeta glared. “Now, I have to get home.” He braced himself for the pain of lift-off, struggling to divert enough attention away from his bladder to control his chi. He raised off of the ground slowly, the loss of the solid Earth beneath his feet causing his liquids to surge downwards against his tight sphincters. His thighs tensed up even further, and his legs kicked slightly as he got into the air.

Vegeta twitched, glancing back down to where Piccolo was still watching him. He’d witnessed that utterly ungraceful take-off. But, thank fuck, he wasn’t shouting anything up to Vegeta about it.

He had to painstakingly straighten himself back out so that he could fly properly. His legs tangling together like he wanted them to would slash his speed down to practically nothing. He had a strong urge to grab onto himself, and thought he might be able to get away with shoving ONE hand there without slowing down too much. First, he’d have to get far enough away from this area that Piccolo wouldn’t be able to look up and see him do it, though.

He flew off, and was out of the desert in a matter of seconds, he allowed one of his hands to push itself against his crotch, squeezing hard. It threw off his balance to have one of his arms removed from its proper position, and he struggled to keep moving forwards in a straight line. Reluctantly, he had to let go of himself. The erratic flight-pattern was simply too disgraceful for him to tolerate. He would need to rely on his extremely tense legs to lessen the urgency in his middle instead.

His legs gritted against each other, ankles twisting. He was dismayed by how far he seemed to be from home. Why couldn’t there be any huge swaths of empty land closer to the city? It was fine when Kakarot was the one he was sparring with, Kakarot could get him home in less than a second if it was necessary. But, without Kakarot, Vegeta was stuck with these long, uncomfortable flights, the wind lowering his body temperature, making him shiver, making his bladder tremble…

Perhaps, next time, he would… Ugh, make himself ask Bulma for his capsule before heading out this way.

He wasn’t even half-way home yet, and his body was pleading with him not to force it to wait any longer.

He WAS close to Kakarot’s house… Close enough to sense the moron’s chi…

Ugh, no. Not again. He HAD to stop relying on that fool! It wasn’t normal, it wasn’t strong. It was just ridiculous was what it was. But, this time his bladder didn’t have to work as hard to convince him once he’d reached the area in which Kakarot lived. It throbbed and pounded and screamed at him to land, but what really made him give in was simply reminding himself that KAKAROT didn’t think this was ridiculous.

Vegeta landed carefully, but the pain he’d been mentally preparing himself for launched through his feet and up to his shuddering bladder anyway. His knees buckled beneath him, and he gritted his teeth against an urgent gasp. His eyes darted around, wary of potential onlookers. But, it felt as though every member of Kakarot’s family was inside the house at the moment.

Dammit, that meant he’d have to knock on the door. Please, please, let Kakarot be the one to answer it…

He limped and stumbled his way over to the door. He raised his fist up to it, but before he could make contact he registered the sounds on the other side. Kakarot’s woman was speaking to him rather loudly, almost yelling. And maybe crying? Kakarot’s own voice sounded far quieter in comparison.

Oh, what had that moron done now? Whatever. It didn’t matter. His bladder was far more important than any marital spat Kakarot had gotten himself into. Vegeta knocked on the door. He REALLY hoped Chi-Chi didn’t come to it, especially not with the mood she seemed to be in.

Luckily, when the door swung open, it was just Kakarot. Kakarot’s face was red and sweaty, and he broke into a small smile. “Vegeta! I am so glad to see you! I gotta ask you about someth—“

“Oh, no!” Chi-Chi shouted, coming to Kakarot’s side. “We aren’t done here. You can fight with Vegeta later, we are working this out NOW.”

Kakarot frowned. He eyes scanned over Vegeta’s twitching body, and he frowned harder. “Uh, Vegeta didn’t come over to fight. I gotta help him with something. And—“

“Help him LATER,” Chi-Chi said.

Vegeta did his best not to writhe and squirm as this went on. But, after only a few seconds, he was leaning from side to side, trying to shift his weight away from his bladder and failing miserably.

“But, Chi-Chi, it’s important,“ Kakarot stammered. “A—And, I was gonna ask HIM about— About… THIS stuff, you know? It might help if I talk about it with him!”

Vegeta was confused and curious, but not SO confused and curious that it was able to distract him from peeing. He didn’t care what Kakarot apparently had to discuss with him, even if their talk ended up being as embarrassing and nerve-wracking as the one he’d just had with Piccolo, Vegeta would endure it if it meant Kakarot could get him some relief.

Chi-Chi took in a deep breath. “… Fine,” she said. “Maybe you’re right. Maybe this IS a Saiyan thing. But don’t be gone for too long.”

Kakarot visibly relaxed. “Thanks, Chi-Chi!” He said, stepping outside. As soon as the door was shut, he turned to Vegeta. “H—Hang on just a minute, buddy. Let’s head into the woods.”

Vegeta followed after Kakarot, no longer quite as perturbed by how casual Kakarot could be about this, or by how he hadn’t needed to say a single word to gain his assistance.

“After ya go, I want to ask you about something,” Kakarot said. “But, it’s nothing bad, so don’t worry about it.” He stopped beside a few bushes. “Is this far enough from the house for you?”

Vegeta gave a nod and approached the bushes. “Face the other way,” he reminded.

“Already am. You can do this, Vegeta.”

Vegeta’s bladder squeezed at those words, prompting him to hop from foot to foot as he got his clothing undone, just in time for the first few droplets to leak out. But, after that, there was nothing. He groaned. He’d honestly thought, for a second, that he was going to start pissing automatically for once. How idiotic of him, of course that would never happen.

“Go on, Vegeta! Show this thing who’s boss!” Kakarot told him, and Vegeta was stunned by his ability to sound so positive and upbeat after… Whatever had been going on between him and Chi-Chi. “It can’t defeat you! You’re too strong!”

Vegeta began to loosen up, another spurt flowing. He squirmed in place when it failed to build into a stream. The small taste of relief wasn’t enough. As Kakarot continued to speak to him, his valve opened up a few more times, releasing more slow, hesitant dribbles. It wasn’t until he managed to push down on his lower muscles at the exact second one of those started to emerge that he was able to finally let go for real.

At last, it all began to pour in a solid, heavy stream, ridding him of the sore, stinging hurt and replacing it with bliss. A shiver worked its way up his spine, and he hoped Kakarot had not spotted the involuntary shakes of pleasure. He shouldn’t be having such a strong reaction to this! Even if it did feel really good… It wasn’t supposed to feel so good! It was embarrassing!

Once he had finished and made himself decent again, he groaned; “Alright, Kakarot. Turn around.” Now that the pressure was gone and his mind was clear, he remembered that he and Kakarot were supposed to discuss something. Hopefully that wouldn’t be too painful.

Then again, few things could be as painful as the torment his body had just put him through… Answering some stupid question for Kakarot would be so easy in comparison, no matter how idiotic and infuriating it ended up being.

Kakarot smiled at him, “Got it all out?”

“… Tch, shut up…”

“Great job, Vegeta!”

“I said ‘shut up!’” Vegeta scowled and— Dammit, ANOTHER little shiver up his spine. Oh, fuck… Praise from Kakarot wasn’t supposed to do that! That was only supposed to happen if it came from Bulma, and only if the praise was for something OTHER than managing to make himself piss.

So, Vegeta decided the shiver must have come from something else, nothing to do with Kakarot’s words. No, it had to just be some left over tingling from his relief. That was all.

Vegeta sighed, “Now, what inane thing did you need to ask me about?”

Kakarot’s smile disappeared at the reminder of his disagreement with Chi-Chi. “Oh, yeah… That. Um, Chi-Chi’s upset with me, and I dunno what to do.”

“Okay, what did you forget to do?” Vegeta asked. “Is it something you can still get done now?”

“I didn’t forget anything,” Kakarot said. “Chi-Chi just thinks I don’t love her, and I can’t figure out how to prove that I do. I tell her so a lot, I promise!”

Vegeta was a little lost now. He didn’t particularly want to involve himself in a dispute between Kakarot and his wife. Such things were not easy for him to discuss. Or properly understand, for that matter. He knew he had accidentally made Bulma feel unloved before. He hadn’t meant to. He’d just assumed she knew he loved her, and that it wasn’t necessary for him to tell her so. But, then he came to realize that it actually WAS and his failure to do it had been upsetting her.

Vegeta couldn’t think of what Kakarot may have done to make Chi-Chi feel unwanted. Kakarot was so much more open about his emotions. Warmth flowed easily from him, unlike how it was for Vegeta. He knew Kakarot told Chi-Chi he loved her.

Even though he felt he’d be of no use, and that it would be better if he stayed out of it, Vegeta still… It was strange, but he had this annoying need to hear Kakarot out. Something in him was arguing that he SHOULD try to assist Kakarot, especially after… After Kakarot had assisted him.

“Okay,” Vegeta sighed. “And you’re SURE it’s not because you forget her birthday?”

Kakarot shook his head. “No, that’s not for a while. She’s sad about something else. I was thinking maybe this is, like, a Saiyan thing and you’d be able to help me explain it.”

“What kind of Saiyan thing?” Vegeta asked. Vegeta thought about it. Even with his tail gone, he sometimes felt a little extra aggressive during a full moon. Perhaps Kakarot got the same way, and had snapped at his wife accidentally?

“It’s, um…” Kakarot was the one shifting around now. He actually blushed. THAT was a rare sight. “It’s… Er… It’s about… Sex…” he managed.

Vegeta felt himself go red as well. This was NOT something he particularly wanted to discuss with Kakarot. He cleared his throat. “I… I see…” He stammered. He wondered how much Kakarot actually knew. It was weird to be questioning that, considering Kakarot was a grown adult with two kids, but he assumed Kakarot couldn’t have known much beyond the basics. And, whatever explanation he’d received when he was younger— If there WAS an explanation at all— would have been from a human perspective. Not a Saiyan one.

Vegeta had some idea of where this was probably going now, but he didn’t like it. He recalled the talk Nappa had given him when he’d started to hit puberty. Was he going to have to repeat some of that to Kakarot now? He couldn’t!

“Yeah…” Kakarot said. “It’s just… I don’t know, it’s always been weird. But, lately I’ve been hurting Chi-Chi’s feelings and I really don’t mean to do that.”

Vegeta refused to meet Kakarot’s eyes. “Well… I think what you’re referring to IS a Saiyan thing. When I was younger, Nappa told me that Saiyans tend to have… Uh… High libidos.” Vegeta’s own was actually quite low for his species, from what he understood. Bulma initiated things a little more often than he did. “You know what that means, right?”

“Libido?” Kakarot repeated, clearly not understanding.

Ugh. Great. “That’s… Uh… The amount that you desire… Intimate contact, alright? So, if you’re wanting things more often than Chi-Chi is, that could be because you’re not the same species.” He bit the inside of his cheek, forcing himself to continue. “There are other things you could do on your own, if… Necessary. I hope you’re already aware of that.”

“Oh, n—no,” Kakarot said. “I don’t have a higher sex-drive than her, that’s not the problem. It’s more like I’ve got almost NO sex-drive.”

Vegeta turned to him, confused. During the short “talk” Nappa had given to him when he was a teenager, Nappa had never mentioned a Saiyan could just NOT have those desires. “Are you too preoccupied with the possibility that you could accidentally hurt Chi-Chi?” Vegeta offered the only theory he could think of.

Kakarot shook his head. “Nope, I’m always really careful, and she does most of the work anyways.”

Vegeta blushed, looking away again. Of course, having such a conversation with Kakarot wasn’t going to be pleasant. Kakarot was going to share… Everything. Including the fact that his wife was apparently always in control when they laid together. It was an odd thing to picture— Not that Vegeta WANTED to, of course— Kakarot being… Submissive.

“And, I dunno… I actually understand all the sex stuff Master Roshi talks about now, but I still don’t ‘get’ it. I know I’m supposed to like looking at those magazines he has and everything, but I can’t figure out what I’m supposed to DO with them, you know?”

Vegeta’s gaze was permanently fixed onto his boots now. Perhaps Kakarot had never been taught about this stuff… Still, he ought to have figured it out on his OWN by now… Vegeta had figured it out before Nappa had discussed it with him. “Kakarot, you’re supposed to… Uh… Do what you do with Chi-Chi, but by your—“

“I KNOW that,” Kakarot sighed, rolling his eyes. “I know that’s what they’re FOR, but I don’t understand WHY. I tried doing it, and I didn’t like it, ‘cause I didn’t know any of the girls in the pictures.”

Ah. So, Kakarot must have felt some type of guilt for doing that to photos of strangers, when he already had a mate. That was unusual, Vegeta had never known Kakarot to experience shame for anything. “It’s meant to be private. Chi-Chi doesn’t have to know about it.”

Kakarot just looked perplexed. “Huh? Well, I guess not… But, uh, it’s like… It’s like I just don’t want to. It feels weird… And, with Chi-Chi, I’m never the one to ask first, she always does it.”

“If you want to initiate, you can. If she says no, then that’s that.”

“Um, no… I didn’t mean that I don’t know how to ask, I meant that I just don’t even think about it until she brings it up, and then I say ‘okay’.”

“… And you do WANT to say ‘okay’, correct?”

“Yeah, I mean… It doesn’t feel BAD or anything. And, I really wanted to have Gohan and Goten, too. Making Chi-Chi feel good makes me happy, but I think I’m supposed to just, like, see her sometimes and suddenly really WANT to do it, and that never happens. So, Chi-Chi’s upset with me because of how I’m never the one to ask, and then it takes so long for my thingy to start getting all—“

“Kakarot, if you finish that sentence, I SWEAR I am going to—“

“A—Alright!” Kakarot stammered. “Fine! Y—You know what I mean! She’s like ‘Goku, what am I doing wrong? Am I not attractive to you?’ And I say ‘I DO think you’re pretty, I think ALL girls are pretty’ but I guess that’s the wrong thing to tell her because it doesn’t make her feel better. She’s gotta touch me and talk to me for a while before I can—“

“A lot of people like dirty talk,” Vegeta interrupted. “It’s common. Now, can we PLEASE discuss something else?” He’d rather talk about ANYTHING else— Even going to Piccolo for another in-depth conversation about his urinary issues would be better than this.

“Er… It’s not dirty-talk, I don’t think. It’s just us talking like normal, except she’s touching my—“

“ENOUGH.”

“Well… You know… It’s like I’ve gotta focus a lot on how I’m with Chi-Chi, and how it feels good to make her feel good ‘cause I love her. But, it takes so long, and when Krillin and Yamcha and Roshi all talk about this stuff, it doesn’t sound like that’s what happens with them. I wanted to ask you ‘cause you never talk about this kinda thing, so I started thinking this is just how Saiyans are. But, then you said Saiyans are supposed to be the opposite, so I don’t know.”

Ugh… Even after hearing the reasoning behind asking him, Vegeta STILL wished Kakarot had gone to someone else. “Have you explained this to Chi-Chi?” He tried, a last ditch effort to get out of this.

“Yeah…” Kakarot said. “That’s what we were talking about before you showed up. She told me maybe I should see a doctor about it, but I’m too scared to do that, since doctors always have needles.”

Vegeta sighed. “Does this even require a doctor? Your, uh… Your body does… ‘react’ eventually, right?”

“Yeah. I guess I do get excited and stuff eventually. But only after Chi-Chi’s talked to me and touched me a whole bunch for a long time, or sometimes when I’m fighting someone really strong.”

Vegeta’s gaze flicked to Kakarot for a second, before he shut his eyes with a groan. “That… That second thing actually IS… very typical of Saiyans. We are meant to find strong candidates to mate with, so… Yes, occasionally combat can stir certain… Reactions. We are hard-wired to be attracted to people who challenge us in some way.”

“Oh,” Kakarot said. “Bulma must be way stronger than I thought, huh?”

“The challenge doesn’t necessarily have to be physical,” Vegeta said. “Bulma challenges me in her own way. But, yes, if she were able to match my power during a fight, or… Or go beyond it, I know for a fact that I would feel… N—Never mind… Just… Saiyans… Saiyans enjoy fighting in a lot of ways, Kakarot.”

“Oh, okay… At least that part’s normal, I guess… But, I don’t get why I never just want sex-stuff like everybody else does, you know? It’s not like it doesn’t feel good, I do like it once we get started, but—“

“I’m probably going to regret asking this, but what about men?”

“Huh? What ABOUT men?”

“I mean, do you ever just… Look at a man, and want to—“

“No,” Kakarot said. “I think if Chi-Chi was a guy, but we were still married, everything’d be the same. Just, without Gohan and Goten around, I guess… Oh, but there’s this special feeling I get in my chest when I’m around Chi-Chi, and when I was younger I used to get it around Krillin, too. But, I never looked at HIM and thought about doing that stuff, either. I just wanted to hug him a lot. Why? Do YOU ever look at a man and—“

“I have,” Vegeta said. “I’ve even looked at a ten foot tall alien with twelve tentacles and—“

“What?!”

“Experiencing puberty in the deep reaches of space is not a pleasant experience, Kakarot. Especially when the last two other members of your own species are either too old or too weak to be reasonable candidates for fantasizing. My mind was forced to go to some unusual places.”

“What’s puberty got to do with it?”

“… You didn’t even experience these… Feelings when you were a teenager?”

Kakarot shook his head. “No… Uh, when I turned thirteen, Roshi gave me this box of magazines and said ‘You’re probably gonna be needing these soon’. But, I could never figure out what to do with them.”

“You’re supposed to—“

“No, I— I WAS eventually told what people usually do with them, I just never got why. I didn’t know any of the girls in the pictures, so I started reading the articles in the magazines to see if I could learn something about them, but I didn’t, so I dunno what anybody’s thinking about when they use those magazines.”

“I assume they’re imagining themselves having intercourse with the women,” Vegeta sighed. “Kakarot, can we move on from—“

“With women they don’t even know?” Kakarot’s confusion only seemed to be growing. “Oh, am I supposed to make stuff up about them first? Like, their favorite foods, and how strong they are, and—“

“You are over-complicating this… You mean you NEVER… You know… Uh…”

“I have a couple times, I guess. Just ‘cause I wanted to know what it felt like. But, the magazines didn’t work, so I thought about fighting instead.”

“Of course you did…”

“That’s normal for Saiyans, you said so!”

“Yeah, I guess. But, typically, it’s not the ONLY thing a Saiyan ‘enjoys’ in that way.”

“Oh,” Kakarot said.

“I wouldn’t worry about it, though.”

“But, I keep making Chi-Chi sad, and I don’t want to do that, and when I try and tell her this stuff, she just brings up seeing a doctor.”

“Perhaps you should.”

“WHAT?!” Kakarot exclaimed. “NO! THEY’LL—“

“They WON’T give you a needle, you moron!” Vegeta interrupted. “But, since it doesn’t sound like there’s anything actually wrong with you, having a doctor give you a clean bill of health might help you out with Chi-Chi.”

Vegeta hoped that could be the end of this discussion. He would be happy if they could both move on now and pretend that Kakarot had never come to him with this.

Something still bothered Vegeta, however. And, it took him a moment to realize what it was.

And then, he was talking before he could stop himself. “Now, hold on, when you say you have these reactions when you’re fighting someone really strong, when exactly has—“

“Oh, yeah, it’s happened with you lots of times,” Kakarot answered, without even a hint of hesitation. He didn’t even TRY to dodge the question.

Why hadn’t he tried to dodge the question?! Vegeta hadn’t even MEANT to ask it…

“That’s… That’s…”

“Well, you said it was normal, right?” Kakarot reminded. “It happened a little bit the first time we fought, but more often after I got to know you better. And, if it’s like you said, and this is just how Saiyans are, I guess that means it happened to you too, right?”

Vegeta froze. He wished he could be anywhere else than right here, right now, having THIS conversation. Why had he asked?! What had compelled him to bring this onto himself?! What had he hoped to gain from it?! “KAKAROT! I— O—Of course not! N—Never! And e—even if— IF— it has, th—that’s NONE of your concern!”

“But, if it’s normal, you don’t have to be ashamed of it, right?”

“I’m not ashamed of it— There’s nothing TO be ashamed of—“

“Yeah—“

“B—Because it has NEVER happened!” Vegeta scowled, crossed his arms and did everything in his power not to look at Kakarot.

“… What’s the doctor gonna do?” Kakarot asked after a moment. “You promise there won’t be a needle, right?”

“I swear, Kakarot,” Vegeta groaned. “This won’t require a needle, so you can calm down about that. I assume they’ll mainly just ask you some questions.”

“What questions?”

“Just… Just… The kinds of things you’ve been FORCING me to talk about for the last ten minutes. Your… Proclivities and your sexual history— Which you’d better NOT tell me, and—“

“‘Sexual history,’” Kakarot repeated, confused. “I gotta tell them about every time me and Chi-Chi have—“

“No! They won’t want a play-by-play! Just… The partners you have had in the past, how many, maybe which sex they were—“

“Oh, okay… So I’m just gonna have to tell them that I never get that feeling about wanting to have sex everybody else seems to get, and that it’s making Chi-Chi sad, but that my body still does react, and it does feel good.”

“Yes…” Vegeta groaned. This had to be the deepest layer of Hell or something…

“And, for the history thing, I just gotta mention Chi-Chi, and the times I tried with the magazines, and that other thing.”

“You DON’T have to mention the magazines,” Vegeta corrected. “Unless they decide your lack of interest in them is releva— Hold on, what ‘other thing’? You mean how Saiyans occasionally react to combat?”

“No,” Kakarot shook his head. “You said I have to mention how many partners I’ve been with, and I think there’s one other thing that counts.”

“Kakarot, I ONLY meant sexual partners. People you’ve… Been intimate with. NOT your sparring partners.”

“Yeah, I know. The thing I’m thinking of wasn’t a fight, but I’m still not sure if it counts.”

Now, Vegeta was curious— Damn it all. With everything Kakarot had said thus far, it was difficult to imagine he’d had any experiences prior to his marriage. Granted, this WAS Kakarot, so the incident he was thinking of might have been totally unrelated. “What was it? I’ll tell you if it counts.”

Kakarot suddenly seemed… Nervous? That was even more interesting. What had— Vegeta felt a shift in Kakarot’s energy. It wasn’t much, and if Vegeta hadn’t known Kakarot so well, he wouldn’t have even sensed it. As it was, Vegeta picked up on EVERY slight fluctuation of Kakarot’s chi, no matter how small. And, this one felt… Unusual. Defensive.

“I’ve never really told anybody about it,” Kakarot said. “Bulma’s the only one that knows.”

Vegeta waited. His first thought was that Kakarot had fooled around with Bulma, it would explain his nervousness. Vegeta surprised himself by not feeling TOO angered by the idea. It had been ages ago— Before HE’D met Bulma, and it obviously hadn’t gone anywhere. But, the weird quality to Kakarot’s energy was NOT something that usually appeared when he was worried about pissing Vegeta off.

“So… Okay, it was right after the second time I fought in the tournament. I almost won that time, but Tien beat me ‘cause I hit the ground outside the ring before he did. It was a really good fight, though. Tien had all these awesome moves I’d never seen before, and we both held out for SO long, and…”  Kakarot continued, blatantly stalling. His energy continued to feel thick and heavy.

“And, anyway, we were gonna go eat afterwards, but first everyone wanted to explore the island some. And, since I’d just finished such a huge fight, I was SO hungry, and I was just trying to find some kinda snack to tide me over until we went to the restaurant. There were all these street vendors since lots of people had come to watch the tournament. And, I thought I smelled something really good, so I broke off from the rest of the group and ran down this narrow path between two buildings since that was the shortest route. I got halfway down and this guy came out of a back exit, and asked if I wanted to try some food, and I followed him in ‘cause I figured it was a restaurant, but it was just his house.”

This… This couldn’t be going where Vegeta THOUGHT it was going, right? That was impossible. Not Kakarot.

“He said my clothes were all dirty, and I said ‘That’s because I was fighting a lot today’. He told me to take them off so he could wash them and I could eat while he did that.”

No. That was EXACTLY where this was going. Someone had… How could that happen to Kakarot? “You beat the shit out of him, right?” Vegeta asked. Surely, that was what had happened. A human could not take advantage of a Saiyan child…

Kakarot shook his head. “I didn’t. I took my clothes off, ‘cause I knew they did need to be washed. But, he didn’t take them to clean them, he just came closer to me, and stuck his hands in places. And, I was really confused the whole time. I felt like something bad was happening, but since it didn’t hurt I thought it couldn’t have been a problem. I thought maybe he was doing something to clean me off, since that’s what he’d said he was gonna do. So, even though I didn’t like it, I thought I shouldn’t fight since it wasn’t like any other time I’d been threatened. I guess I froze up.

“Anyway, he hadn’t locked the door, and I guess Bulma saw through a window or something. She came in and grabbed me, and she slapped him really hard. And I was still just confused, so I told her to stop because I thought the guy was nice, he’d said he was gonna feed me, and I didn’t want him to get mad. That made Bulma cry a lot, but I didn’t understand why.”

“What happened to the man?”

“I don’t know,” Kakarot said. “Bulma got me dressed again and told me we had to go to the police, but since I still didn’t know what the problem was I said I wanted to eat first because I was still so hungry. She said okay, I guess because she was worried about me, but that we’d have to go to the police right after. We got to the restaurant, and I finally realized I’d left some of my stuff back at the tournament, so Krillin went to get it…

“And he got killed while he was gone, and I just took off to find whoever had done it. I dunno if Bulma went to the cops after I was gone or not, or what happened to that guy, I got so focused on avenging Krillin that I pushed all that away.”

Bulma had told Vegeta about how Goku had acted in the wake of Krillin’s first death. Goku had been more impulsive, more aggressive. Fighting was no longer just a game to him. He approached his battles with a much more serious air. It was no wonder his attitude had shifted so severely, he’d just had two of the worst things that could happen to a person happen to him, one right after the other. “You understand now, correct?”

“Yeah, Bulma was able to explain it eventually, and I made sure to tell Gohan what spots people aren’t allowed to touch him as soon as I could, since no one had ever told me.”

Someone SHOULD have told Kakarot. It actually pissed Vegeta off that no one ever had. Little Kakarot, going off by himself all the time, trusting every person he met…

“So, is that something I’d have to tell the doctor?” Kakarot looked worried. Vegeta could imagine he didn’t like telling people about this.

‘Of course he doesn’t, only Bulma knew about it before you,’ Vegeta thought. And, Bulma had only known because she’d witnessed it. Vegeta was the first person Kakarot had CHOSEN to tell… He hadn’t even told his wife or children, but he’d told Vegeta…

“You would not be required to share details, only that you’ve had intimate contact with two people in the past. You could say one of them was traumatic for you, but you wouldn't need to say anything else. They will understand."

"Traumatic... Um..."

"That basically means you didn't like it, and hadn't wanted it."

“Oh. Okay,” Kakarot said, smiling again like nothing had changed. “Heh, I’m surprised you aren’t angry at me for not fighting back against that guy.”

Of course Vegeta wasn’t angry with him for that. Kakarot hadn’t even understood the danger he was in. It wasn’t like the man had threatened him verbally, or thrown any punches.

“I get frustrated with MYSELF for that every time I think about it, so I figured YOU’D—“

“Don’t,” Vegeta interrupted.

“Huh?”

“Don’t— Don’t be angry with yourself for not fighting. You were a confused child and you didn’t know what was happening to you until much later. You froze up.” Vegeta hesitated, gaze flicking away from Kakarot, because he could not bring himself to say this to his face. “Get over here, alright?”

“Um, okay…” Kakarot moved closer to Vegeta, and Vegeta… held him in his arms. And he didn’t let go.

“If anyone asks, I never did this,” Vegeta said. “We no longer have our tails, so Saiyan gestures of comfort are impossible. This is what Earthlings do, correct?”

“It is, but you don’t gotta do this if you don’t want to.“

“I DO want to,” Vegeta said. “And, if you ever see that man again, point him out to me. I’ll make what I did to Android Nineteen look merciful.”

*013*2024-12-10 00:58

Vegeta and Kakarot had been sparring for a while, but neither one of them was fighting at their best. Vegeta was too distracted, and it looked like Kakarot was as well. Kakarot’s energy even had a bizarre feel to it. There was clear tension present, and it was denser and heavier than it usually was. Vegeta was so used to how soothing Kakarot’s chi usually was that the change was impossible to miss.

Vegeta didn’t know what was bothering Kakarot, but he knew what was throwing HIM off.

He hadn’t been able to get what Kakarot had told him the other day out of his mind. He alternated between feeling rage for the unknown man Kakarot had spoken of, and a nauseating twisting. It was making him think about things he never had before; All of the physical contact that happened when they fought together. Were there ‘wrong’ spots to touch Kakarot?

He told himself he was being stupid. He’d fought Kakarot TONS of times, and Kakarot had never had any bad reactions to where Vegeta’s hands ended up. He’d watched Kakarot fight others tons of times, he’d never acted like any of the contact bothered him.

Kakarot had had years to process what happened to him, to separate that experience out from the rest of his life. Vegeta was only… distracted by it because he’d just learned about it. It was fresh to him, still raw. He kept equating it to how much he hated having his tail-scar touched, how it brought back memories of having it cut off. He didn’t want to defeat Kakarot by accidentally grabbing him in the wrong spot and making him feel something akin to that. That wouldn’t be a victory.

He couldn’t just ASK Kakarot if such spots existed for him, though… He wasn’t equipped for such a conversation, all that ‘feelings’ stuff…

“Vegeta… Is something wrong?” Kakarot asked finally. “You seem a little… I don’t know… You’re just not focusing.”

“Neither are you,” Vegeta pointed out with a forced scoff.

Kakarot lowered his hands. “You’re right.” He began to descend back to the ground, and Vegeta followed suit. “I went to the doctor. You were right, they didn’t give me any needles.”

“Told you,” Vegeta said. “And, I’ll bet I was right about you not being sick, either.”

“You were. They just said I’m maybe… Uh… Something called ‘asexual?’”

Vegeta was confused. “Wait. Like the Namekians? Saiyans don’t reproduce like that. You know this, you have two childr—“

“No, not like that… I think it means two things, I guess? He said it means, like, I just don’t feel, um, ‘attracted’ to people the same way that a lot of other people do. It’s like how I explained it to you before. It’s… Um… Oh, it’s like, we’re at a buffet, and there’s all this food, but you’re not really that hungry. Like, you COULD eat a little and it’ll still taste good, but you’d be fine if you left without having anything. Oh, or maybe the food there isn’t your favorite, not something ya hate, just not something you’d ever have a craving for.”

“… Are you able to talk about anything without relating it back to food?” Vegeta sighed. But, oddly, it made a little more sense to him now. “I guess this would mean there’s one less thing to distract you from training, then.”  “I AM distracted,” Kakarot said. “I told Chi-Chi, and she’s still kinda sad.”

“For what reason? You aren’t sick like she feared.”

“She’s sad that I’m never gonna just ‘want’ to do that stuff with her, I guess. She asked if there was medicine for it, and I said the doctor told me there wasn’t, ‘cause like you said, I’m not sick. She’s not angry at me anymore, but it’s still making her sad and I don’t like that.”

“Maybe she’ll get over it.”

“She said it’s making her worry that she’s just not pretty, even though I tell her that she is.”

“She somewhat resembles a certain woman who modeled new armor designs on our home-planet,” Vegeta said. “I could tell her that.”

“I dunno if that will help. I just hate making her feel unwanted and stuff. Maybe I should just hug her more?”

Vegeta shrugged. He had no idea what to suggest. He just wasn’t GOOD at these kinds of things. “She still likes you, correct? Her feelings have not changed?”

“Yeah, she said she loves me this morning, same as always. And I love her, too. Just… Not with all those other feelings.”

“… So then everything is the same,” Vegeta said. “Why is it distracting you from fighting?”

“Um…. I guess you’re right that nothing’s really changed,” Kakarot said. “I hope she doesn’t stay sad for too long though… And, then there’s Gohan.”

“What about him?”

“I just don’t get why he never told me about his problem,” Kakarot said. “He’s had trouble peeing for years, and he never said a word to me about it.”

“Perhaps he didn’t want you to worry. Or he thought it wasn’t a big deal,” Vegeta said. It wasn’t a big deal at all, as far as he was concerned. All Gohan needed was a short trigger-phrase and he’d be able to pee as much as he wanted, AND Piccolo was trying to fix it so he wouldn’t even need THAT anymore. That was hardly a problem!

“I guess…” Goku said. “But, I still wish he would have told me. You don’t think he was too embarrassed, right? I’m his dad… If he told YOU he should have been able to—“

“If it’s any consolation, he told me while you were still dead,” Vegeta said. “He hadn’t seen you since he was eleven— He could have found it more shameful at that age.”

Kakarot smiled a little. “Yeah, maybe. But, he still never mentioned it after I got back!”

“Kakarot, when would that have come up in conversation? ‘Hello, idiot father. Welcome back to the land of the living. Guess what, I can’t piss unless you give me a direct order, like some kind of trained dog.’”

Kakarot started to laugh.

Vegeta glared.

“Heheheh,” Kakarot just chuckled even more. “You’re really funny, Vegeta.”

“I am not… I’m trying to demonstrate for you how moronic you are.”

Kakarot’s smile grew. “I— I guess you’re right, Vegeta. I dunno when it would have come up. It’s not like I ever asked him why he kept getting Goten’s permission to pee. I always thought it was just a game, or he was trying to be extra polite.”

Kakarot’s energy was returning to normal, the weird tension that felt so out of place within it was fading away. It even took some of Vegeta’s tension with it, for some reason. “If you wish to discuss the matter with him, you may. I have, however, been informed that Piccolo will be assisting him.”

Kakarot’s expression fell once more. “YOU have been informed, huh?”

Why was Kakarot acting like this?! Why did he WANT to be in the loop so bad?! It wasn’t like Vegeta had WANTED to be involved with Gohan’s situation. No, quite the opposite! He would have GLADLY given up the opportunity if he’d had the option!

‘Stop LOOKING at me like that, Kakarot…’ Vegeta thought, furious. Kakarot had finally managed to conjure up an expression that was MORE aggravating than his dopey grin. So… Worried and… Gah, it was doing something strange to Vegeta. What WAS this technique? It was one Trunks and Bulma had both mastered as well. This irritating look that made Vegeta feel like his insides were crumbling, forcing him to do things he DIDN’T want to do! It was some sick form of mind-control!

“Piccolo feels responsible,” Vegeta said. “It began during their earliest training sessions. He… Uh… D—Dammit… He… Had a series of ridiculous questions for me regarding it.”

“Oh,” Kakarot eased up again. “So, he came to you just because you’re the expert!”

The ‘expert’…

On… On FUCKING THIS.

WHY?

Vegeta swore that was the first time Kakarot had called him the ‘expert’ on ANYTHING. And, it wasn’t for any kind of fighting move, not for a new training technique, not even for knowledge on Saiyan culture! Oh no, if Kakarot was going to finally bestow such an esteemed title upon him, it HAD to be for the most humiliating, most detestable part of Vegeta’s life.

“Hold on,” Kakarot said. “How’d Piccolo find out about your Problem? I’m sure Gohan wouldn’t tell h—“

“He figured it out,” Vegeta muttered. “Not sure when or how, but he managed it.”

Kakarot’s eyes widened. “Oh, wow. I knew Piccolo was smart, but… Even without having a bladder himself, he still worked it—“

“I’M AWARE,” Vegeta snapped. “I’m so fucking obvious. Everyone is catching on.”

“You’re not obvio—“

“I must be, for Piccolo to have noticed,” Vegeta said. “Everyone is going to—“

“Vegeta, um… Have you thought about just telling the rest of them?” Kakarot suggested.

Vegeta stumbled back, as if Kakarot had just punched him in the gut. He may as well have. “ARE YOU CRAZY?!” He fumed. “WHY WOULD I DO THAT?” The mental image, him gathering everyone he knew for an ‘important announcement.’ And then it was just ‘Have you ever noticed me acting odd and twitchy? That’s because I can’t fucking piss like a normal person and so I constantly hold it until I’m ready to explode.’

Never.

“But, Vegeta, think about it,” Kakarot said. “Lots of people know already, and nobody picks on you.”

‘Picks on you…’ Like Vegeta was afraid of schoolyard taunting! That wasn’t the point! The point was that people shouldn’t know that there were things he couldn’t do!

“And, well, it seems like trying to keep it a secret is just stressing you out more,” Kakarot explained. “This whole thing is about you learning to relax, so we should get rid of as many of the things that make you tense as we can. Right?”

Vegeta shook his head. No way. Yes, he’d had good results so far, the reactions he’d gotten hadn’t been cruel. Yes, it had occasionally helped to have others aware of what he needed. But, so far, he’d only WILLINGLY told his own family and Kakarot’s— People he spent the majority of his time with. He could acknowledge the necessity in letting them know. When was he ever going to spend extended time alone with someone like Yamcha? The others didn’t HAVE to know.

“I’ve notified everyone that I feel would need the information,” Vegeta said. “There is no need to tell anyone else.”

“I’m just saying, it might feel better if you weren’t trying to hide it anymore,” Kakarot said.

“And I’M just saying that there is not a chance in Hell of me doing this.”

Kakarot frowned uncertainly. “Well… Okay. If you’re sure,” he said. “Wanna get back to fighting?”

“That’s not a question you ever have to ask me, Kakarot!”

They resumed the battle, and Kakarot was more focused. Vegeta was still preoccupied though. No matter how many times he reminded himself that he must have grabbed Kakarot in every place possible by now, he couldn’t shake the idea that there was some spot on him he should be wary of.

Vegeta kept flying further from Kakarot, relying on long-range attacks, which put him at a disadvantage since he had to work to line them up with his target from so far away. He missed a few shots that should have been easy— Kakarot having left himself wide open.

Eventually, Kakarot slowed again. “Vegeta, are you alright? I won’t mention telling people again if it bothers you.”

Vegeta flew closer to him, hesitantly. He wanted to ask Kakarot… He knew that was the easiest solution. It was probably the ‘correct’ one, too. But, ugh, how to do it…

“Or, um… Do you need to… Have a break now? Sorry, you aren’t twitchy yet, so I didn’t—“

“Are there spots you don’t like being touched?” Vegeta blurted out.

Kakarot stared back at him for a few seconds. “Huh? Spots I… Oh…” That weird, pulsing weight re-appeared in Kakarot’s chi. It didn’t belong there. Vegeta wanted it gone, but he’d been the one to bring it back.

“Um… No, not really,” Kakarot said. “The places that guy… I mean, you shouldn’t be hitting me down there anyway, and I know you wouldn’t ever do it on purpose. But, I don’t get… scared when you grab me or anything. I don’t think about, uh, that thing when I’m fighting. I only really do it sometimes when I’m falling asleep. And… And then I think ‘That’s a bad thing that happened, good thing it’s all over.’ and I feel better… It makes me sad, but not as much as it used to… Heh, now I guess I can think ‘It’s okay, if I ever see that guy again, Vegeta will beat him up!’” His energy started to return to normal again. Calm, soothing, the way Kakarot was supposed to feel. “Is that all you were worried about?”

‘I’m never worried about you!’ Vegeta almost shouted, purely out of reflex. But, he couldn’t go through with it. Not now. “Yes, that was it.”

“Okay, good! Now we can fight like normal, can’t we?”

“Of course, Kakarot!”

At the end of their fight, Goku had Vegeta lay down for a massage again; He’d been needing less and less coaxing each time they did this. In fact, he almost seemed to be looking forward to it sometimes, not that Goku would ever suggest such a thing to him. This time around, when Vegeta was already laying himself flat before Goku had finished asking, it was hard not to say anything.

Goku felt warm inside as he rubbed Vegeta’s tense back, feeling the knots disappear beneath his touch. It felt really good to make Vegeta feel good… He moved up to Vegeta’s shoulder, which he expected to be tenser than the rest of him. It was, but today that big knot felt more tangled than usual! “Vegeta,” Goku said. “You really don’t have to worry about… About that bad thing, okay? We talked about it…”

“What?” Vegeta asked. His voice had a strange quality to it, it always did when Goku massaged him. Kind of airy and light… Goku liked it.

“Your shoulder feels tenser than usual,” Goku said. “Like, you’re still stressed. Is there anything else bugging you?” Goku wondered if he’d already been massaging Vegeta for too long. If that whole ‘fluid moving’ thing had started to take effect.

Vegeta groaned. Why did Kakarot have to be so observant? How could he tell if his shoulder was worse off than it normally was? Tense was tense, wasn’t it? “I have to accompany the woman and the boy on a vacation soon,” he replied.

Goku’s hands froze on Vegeta’s shoulder, confusion taking hold. “… And, that’s making you MORE tense?”

What a ridiculous question… How could it NOT make Vegeta more tense?! Was Kakarot an idiot? Far from home, spending hours in aggravatingly large crowds, tons of noise, tons of unfamiliar chi, nowhere to train properly… “Of course it is!”

“Um, Vegeta… You DO know that people go on vacation to relax, right?” Goku asked. But, then he remembered the trouble Vegeta had had the last time he’d stayed in a hotel. “Do you want me to come with you?” Goku knew that was a dumb thing to ask as soon as the words were out of his mouth. Vegeta didn’t enjoy being looked after, and that was EXACTLY what Goku had just offered to do. “I kinda want to,” he amended. “It sounds fun. And, Bulma probably won’t mind.” Feeling Vegeta’s shoulder clench even more beneath his hand, he continued. “Only if you want me to… If not, I was planning to go train on King Kai’s planet for a while if I can get Chi-Chi to let me.”

“No,” Vegeta said, and Goku couldn’t miss the hesitancy in his voice. It had taken him just one second too long to respond. “This whole affair is going to be obnoxious enough without your presence.”

“Okay,” Goku said. He started to work on Vegeta’s shoulder again. He was stunned by how hard he had to press before he even STARTED to feel that knot pull apart.

***

Kakarot DID leave to train with King Kai the same day that Vegeta was dragged on the stupid trip. He must have gotten Chi-Chi’s permission somehow. Vegeta detested him for it. For whatever reason, Kakarot’s departure felt different this time. He didn’t even know why at first. He was used to Kakarot leaving for long stretches of time. It was what Kakarot did— The break from his idiocy should have been a blessing.

But, Vegeta felt all wrong when he woke up that first day after Kakarot had left, and it wasn’t until he was getting dressed that he figured out what was so off. With a grimace, and a wave of anger at himself, it hit him.

Ever since Kakarot had come back to life, one of the first things Vegeta did when he woke each morning was search for the idiot’s chi. He’d do it before his eyes were even open all the way. The second he was conscious, he was locating Kakarot’s energy. He’d never noticed the habit until that day, when he got up and COULDN’T sense Kakarot.

The reason he felt out of sorts was because his morning routine had been altered, the first step incomplete.

Why the Hell had some warped part of his brain decided that THAT was a necessary step to go through every morning? And, why did he feel so off-kilter now that it had been broken?

It had to be because… Because he knew Kakarot was off training and improving himself, while HE had to waste his time going to an annoying resort with his family. Yeah. That was it. He hated the reminder that Kakarot was getting ahead of him again!

Adding to his discomfort, Bulma had forbidden him from wearing his armor on their trip. He wasn’t even allowed to bring it with him. He had to dress himself in human clothing. Human clothing, with all its needless buttons, and its inability to stretch out if Vegeta started to get—

No.

That wouldn’t happen today.

He wouldn’t let it. He didn’t know HOW, but he’d stop it from happening.

Of course, his usual tactic wasn’t going to fly. Bulma was sure to be by his side all the time, and she would be keeping an eye on him. He wouldn’t be able to get away with dehydrating himself. She would FORCE him to drink. And, unless he wanted to draw a crowd by arguing about something so ridiculous, he would have to obey.

He would have to do something else to combat this.

‘You’re already worrying about it,’ he scolded himself. ‘And you haven’t even left the house yet. You KNOW where this leads.’ Thinking about how much he DIDN’T want to get desperate to piss was going to MAKE him get desperate to piss. His bladder was too suggestible, it filled faster the more he thought about it.

So then, maybe if he kept his mind occupied at all times, he’d be able to make it through without too much issue. He just had to keep himself distracted. That was all.

For now, he just had to wait for Bulma to get ready, which always took forever. And he had asked her PLENTY of times to please do it in one of the OTHER restrooms, but she refused and insisted she HAD to use theirs because all of her cosmetics were in it. Vegeta suggested she just MOVE them and she acted like that was the dumbest thing he’d ever said.

She had let him… Handle things before going in there, at least. But, since her routine included a shower, and running the sink a lot, he was getting uncomfortable as he waited. Stupid Saiyan ears! And now he was going to have to pee again before they left… He’d JUST gone not too long ago, he shouldn’t need it again so soon!

The consequences of leaving the house with even the smallest amount of liquid in his bladder were dire, though. He knew that, and he knew he needed to stop gambling with fate, because he always lost.

When Bulma finally came back out, he awkwardly told her to go prepare the plane while he checked something else. He knew that she didn’t believe the excuse, and barely understood why he’d even bothered with it. “Yes, Vegeta,” she sighed. “Make sure you’re ready to leave.”

Vegeta emptied himself once more after she’d left. He pressed a hand to his middle, trying to make sure that every bit of it was out. Leaving home with even one drop in his bladder would severely jeopardize his chances of getting through this painlessly.

He finally headed out to where the stupid plane was waiting. Of course she wouldn’t allow him to fly to the damn resort, had to insist on him sitting in that slow, metal contraption instead. Just, sitting there for hours, with nothing to do, alone with his thoughts. It would only be a matter of time before he started to—

“I’m riding on the top,” Vegeta decided. “Trying to balance on that thing while it’s in motion will give me at least a small workout.”

Bulma groaned. “We’re going on a vacation to relax…”

‘This will make it easier for me to relax,’ Vegeta thought. ‘So long as my mind is occupied, my body should cooperate.’ “Kakarot is training right now!” He said. “I need to do SOMETHING to avoid falling behind.”

“Fine, fine… Stand on top of the plane if you want. I guess it won’t hurt you.”

Vegeta nodded.

And, his plan actually worked. Trying to keep his balance helped keep him in the moment, rather than obsessively worrying about any potential, future agonies. When they went over the ocean, the water lapping noisily, he got a little concerned, but he just talked Bulma into doing a few stunts with the plane to provide him more of a challenge, and he stopped focusing on all that liquid.

Which meant that when they reached the resort, he actually felt fine! Yes! His new strategy was working! He just had to keep it up!

Keeping it up wasn’t going to be easy, however. Before they could begin exploring the resort, they had to sit down for a while. The stunts may have helped Vegeta, but they hadn’t done much for Trunks. The boy was dizzy and nauseated and needed time to collect himself. So, Vegeta had to sit still and do nothing— Difficult for him under any circumstance, but when he was desperately trying NOT to let his mind wander to a particular topic, it was harder than ever.

The thing about trying not to think about something is that it was borderline impossible. If Bulma had turned to him right then and ordered him not to think about dinosaurs, then suddenly dinosaurs would be the only things in his head. So, repeatedly telling himself ‘Whatever you do, don’t think about needing to piss’ inevitably led to him thinking about needing to piss.

Which inevitably led to him noticing a small twinge in his bladder.

Dammit, no… They’d only been here for a few minutes! Not yet!

Once Trunks started to feel better, they were finally able to walk around. For a while, Vegeta was okay. He was aware that his bladder was no longer empty, but he also knew it was far from being too full for him to handle. If he were at home, he probably would have gone by now, but the urge was very manageable. He could even push it away completely from time to time.

He tried to focus on how much fun Trunks was having going on the amusement park rides the resort offered. Bulma and Trunks managed to coax him onto a few of them, which he regretted. The rocking and bumping were not kind to his bladder, and he endured more than a few harsh jolts of need that prompted him to push his thighs together to calm the tides.

They stopped a few times to get snacks and drinks and, just as he’d predicted, Bulma hovered by Vegeta’s side to make sure he drank everything she gave to him. He also couldn’t help but notice that she only purchased melon sodas for him— She knew it was his favorite and that he’d have a difficult time resisting after the first few sips.

Devious woman…

Still, Vegeta didn’t have too much trouble until Bulma decided that it was time to go shopping. He groaned at the word. He’d known this was going to happen, he’d known Bulma wouldn’t be able to resist exploring a bunch of new stores, but he didn’t like it.

Vegeta DEFINITELY had to go by then. The pressure had mounted to such a degree that he had to slow his walking speed. He was not moving slowly by any means, but Bulma was no longer struggling to keep up with his strides, so he knew he was being more sluggish than usual.

“Oh, cheer up,” Bulma said. “Maybe you’ll find something YOU like.”

Vegeta doubted it. He only wore human clothing when Bulma forced him to, and the cheap trinkets he’d seen other people carrying around the resort confused him. He could not ascertain the purpose of any of them. Why did this resort sell snow-globes when it was in a tropical environment? Why would someone give up their money in exchange for a rock with googly-eyes glued to it? The rocks weren’t even big enough to be amusing to throw at Kakarot!

Vegeta needed something to distract him from his worsening need, and he didn’t think this was going to do it.

Sure enough, shopping failed to keep his mind off of his bladder, which was now throbbing at a consistent rate. Every couple seconds, there would be a new pulse of urgency as its sensitive walls squeezed around the lake contained within it.

Bulma was zipping all around the shops with Trunks, as Vegeta just stood to the side and tried not to shift too obviously. His thigh muscles were pulled taut, and his legs were beginning to tremble. Bulma was trying on new clothes but, unfortunately, these stores didn’t sell any ‘distracting’ outfits. Nothing too revealing, nothing that could grab Vegeta’s attention better than his bladder could.

Vegeta thought Bulma always went into a frenzy when she found a new place to shop, and this time was no exception. Vegeta grew bored of it quickly, and he was amazed Trunks still seemed to be enjoying himself. It felt like hours were passing as Vegeta waited for Bulma to finish up.

His bladder kept shooting him more and more painful twinges. It was no longer asking to be released, but demanding it. The unfamiliar chis that had been surrounding him all day were no longer fading into the background, he felt them all so clearly, very aware of the fact that he was in public, so many eyes to witness him squirming. His fists clenched as he crossed one ankle over the other, scanning his surroundings for any onlookers, and hoping he just seemed bored. He felt sweat rolling down the back of his neck.

There were too many people around, too many people who would notice if he got too fidgety. He needed to remedy the situation before it got that bad, and with as rapidly as the melon soda was hitting his bladder, he didn’t have much time left.

When Bulma and Trunks returned, each carrying a few bags, he spoke; “Woman, we are staying in the hotel on the west side, correct?”

Bulma nodded. “We are. We haven’t checked in yet, but—“

“What is required to check in?” Vegeta cut her off. His legs were trying to tangle together, and it was taking too much effort to stop them. “A—And get into the room?”

“Vegeta, would it kill you to spend a little time sho—“ Bulma cleared her throat, and Vegeta scowled as she did a poor job at keeping the look of realization off her face. “You just need my ID and one of my cards,” she said. “I could come with you, or—“

“J—Just give it,” Vegeta insisted. He’d be able to get to the hotel a lot faster if he was on his own and could fly.

“Alright, alright,” Bulma said, fishing around in her bag. She retrieved the necessary cards and handed them over. “There you go.”

As soon as he had what he needed, Vegeta rushed behind the store they had just left, then took off into the sky. He was pleased with himself. He was handling his need BEFORE it became urgent enough to make it hard for him to fly. And, he’d remembered not to lift off into the air where people would see, like Bulma was always scolding him to do.

The hotel was easy to spot, and he rushed that way, the wind battering up against his abdomen and adding to his discomfort. The constricting Earthling clothes he had on weren’t helping matters much. His hand moved down to his waist on its own volition, and he was parting the button on the pants before he could stop himself. He reddened and promised himself that he’d put it back in place once he reached the hotel. What if someone noticed and thought he didn’t know how to dress himself? Or, worse, that he was attempting to free up some space for his aching bladder to occupy?

It… It did feel better, though. A little bit more room, the button no longer jabbing into him and piercing itself into the source of his unease. It still wasn’t like his armor, expanding and flexing so that he never had to feel the material constrict around his bladder, but it was better than before.

He reached the hotel and landed as gently as he could. Nevertheless, the liquid contained within him sloshed, scalding the delicate walls and making them quiver. He hopped in place just a couple times, then resisted the urge to keep doing it before hurrying inside. He went straight for the desk in the lobby and slapped Bulma’s ID and credit card down on top of it, wordlessly.

The man behind the desk just stared back at him.

“Well?” Vegeta asked, trying to keep his voice level. He was just tired, that was all. That was why he was in such a rush to get to his room. There wasn’t anything else he needed!

“Did you reserve a room?” The man asked.

What a stupid question. Why ELSE would he be here?! “M—My wife did. I have her ID. See?”

The man picked it up. “You’re married to the heiress of Capsule Corporation?”

Why did he sound so skeptical?! “Yes! Now, could you just hand over the key already?”

“And you have her credit card,” the man noted.

Gah! Yes! Vegeta didn’t have time to stand around here listening to this man state the blasted obvious! He’d been holding himself perfectly still for over a minute now, and the demands to squirm around from within were getting VERY loud! He inched closer to the desk, almost pressing himself against it. His knees touched each other, his legs starting to tremble.

“You didn’t take these?”

Fucking— Dammit! Maybe he SHOULD have told Bulma to come with him?! “No, she GAVE them to me because she’s my wife and I wanted to go back to our room!”

“You have any ID?”

Vegeta wanted to wring this guy’s neck. What was SO hard about just giving him a key to a room so that he could— His bladder spasmed suddenly, VIOLENTLY, and his legs crossed, pinning his member between them. For the first time in his life, he was glad that he was short. The man couldn’t see what his legs were doing past the desk. “No,” he said. The only ID he’d ever had was issued to him by the Frieza Force, he doubted it was considered valid anywhere on Earth.

“Then, how do I know—“

“Look, she told me all I needed to have to get into that room are these two items. I have provided them, so now YOU have to give me the key.” He felt a spark, his chi had just flared. Had it been visible?

The man stared at him again, now more nervous than before. “A—Alright… But, I’ll be speaking with Bulma later,” he warned.

“Fine,” Vegeta huffed. “She won’t tell you anything new.” His legs remained crossed as he waited impatiently for the key. As soon as it was in his hand, he hurried to the elevator and hit the button for the proper floor.

The privacy of the elevator was a blessing and a curse. He could writhe without the risk of being seen, but he still couldn’t let himself do it too much. If he tapped his feet TOO hard, he could damage something inside the machine and cause the whole thing to stop moving. Then, he’d have to make a difficult decision. Was it better to stay stuck in the broken elevator for ages, his bladder searing, or was it better to blast his way out of it and deal with Bulma shouting at him later?

He kept his feet as still as he could, but let his hands slip between his legs for a squeeze, just to reinforce his sore holding muscles a bit. He didn’t NEED to grab himself, of course. He just kind of WANTED to, while he had the chance to do so unnoticed. He immediately pulled his hands away when the elevator doors opened again, quickly making it to the door that matched the number on the key he’d been given.

He got it open and rushed inside. Naturally, Bulma had booked one of the nicest suites. There was a separate bedroom for Trunks with its own bathroom. His and Bulma’s bedroom was spacious, and the bathroom was equipped with a hot-tub. That wasn’t the fixture Vegeta was interested in at the moment, though.

He locked himself in the bathroom and unzipped. Finally, he was seriously starting to need this… That idiot in the lobby had wasted too much of his valuable time with his worthless questio—

Vegeta could hear voices in the neighboring rooms.

Stupid… Stupid Saiyan ears!

‘You can hear them, but they can’t hear you,’ he thought. ‘They’re just humans. Ignore it.’ He couldn’t, though. He couldn’t ignore all of the chis he was sensing, either, and those made him feel even more on-edge than the voices!

‘Come on…’ Vegeta ordered himself. ‘You’re alone. There’s no reason for this.’ He recalled the only other night he’d spent in a hotel, how he’d ultimately required Kakarot’s energy to latch onto and block out all the other ones. Kakarot wasn’t THERE, though! He wasn’t even on Earth. Vegeta couldn’t sense him at all no matter how hard he tried.

‘You DON’T need Kakarot!’ Vegeta was furious with himself. This was ridiculous! He needed to piss, he was alone! He should have been emptying out already, with or without Kakarot! ‘This is… This is not that different from being on Frieza’s ship,’ he tried. ‘After everyone else had gone to sleep and you could finally go. You knew the other rooms had people in them, but you were still able to do it!’

It was different, though. He couldn’t sense energy back then. He’d keep his scouter on, confirm no one was around, and then he’d take it OFF so he could concentrate on relieving himself. He couldn’t switch off his ability to feel chi, that was always on, and it was pinching an indestructible clothespin around the neck of his bladder, refusing to let anything escape from it.

What… What now?! He HAD to fucking go, he couldn’t be expected to wait until the end of the trip. He considered trying to fly all the way home and then coming back— He could do that quickly, right?

He could, but only under normal circumstances. With as bad as his bladder situation was, he wasn’t sure if he even COULD fly home. When he remembered all the water he’d be traveling over, he was positive it wouldn’t work. The splashing sounds would get inside his head, move down to his bladder, and before long his kidneys would be screaming and he wouldn’t be able to stay airborne.

But, he obviously couldn’t go HERE, he—

‘Bulma better have brought that capsule,’ he thought. He NEEDED it.

He zipped back up, once again having to ignore the infuriating wail of his bladder as he stepped away from a toilet without using it. He rushed out of the suite, down the hall, into the elevator… Retracing his steps until he had flown all the way back to the stores where Bulma and Trunks were STILL wandering around.

He landed behind one of the stores, and the impact of his feet on the ground was rougher this time, almost throwing him off balance as his insides scorched with wicked intensity. “Nnnnh!” He clenched his teeth, squeezing his eyes closed and shoving his hands into his pockets, straining to make contact with his dick. He managed to put a little pressure on his opening, but it didn’t help much and it only served to make him feel pathetic.

Once he felt like he could move again, he headed to where he could sense Bulma and Trunks’s energy. Trunks had on a pair of ridiculous sunglasses. Bulma was just exiting a dressing room and had on yet another new outfit. “Oh, Vegeta, you’re back,” she said. “What do you think of this?”

“It looks fine,” Vegeta said, barely looking it over. “Could you…” He gestured for her to come closer.

“Um… Okay…” Bulma stepped right beside him. Trunks watched curiously for a second, then when his gaze shifted to Vegeta’s legs, he shrugged and looked away. Vegeta pretended not to notice.

“Er… I… Capsule…” Vegeta mumbled to her. “Now.”

Bulma rolled her eyes. That one time she’d gotten him to say ‘please’ must have been a fluke. She should know better than to expect it to happen again. “Of course, dear,” she said. “Go try, and then if you still need it, I’ll give it to you.”

The fuck?! He’d JUST tried back at the hotel room! She KNEW that! Why else would he have flown off and been gone for ages? “I did try.”

“No, you haven’t,” Bulma said.

“I did,” Vegeta insisted. “I… I went back to the hotel, and… And I… Y—You know!”

Bulma shook her head. “That’s not trying, Vegeta. I need you to do it over there…” She nudged her head in the direction of a public restroom just across from the store.

What fresh Hell was this?! If he’d been unsuccessful in their hotel room, with a locked door and no one close to him, how could she expect him to achieve relief in a crowded public bathroom with people moving in and out of it constantly?! “That’s idiotic!”

“You know how this works,” Bulma said. “You need to ask me, and you need to try. You get the capsule after you’ve done those things for me.”

‘For me.’ Like this was some ridiculous favor, and not a form of torture. “But—“

“Just TRY,” Bulma said. “For a few minutes. If it doesn’t work out, you know you’ll still have your capsule.”

And, there she went saying ‘if’ again. There was no question, Vegeta was NOT going to get out a single drop inside of a crowded public bathroom EVER. It was infuriating that she made him go through this process! All it did was waste time, give his bladder more opportunity to stretch and fill, until it possibly became so heavy inside of him that he could no longer fly— And then the capsule would be useless, too.

That thought was what forced him to give in. Bulma wasn’t budging on this, and he needed that capsule in his hand while he was still capable of flight. Without another word, he made himself walk towards the restroom, under no illusion that he’d be able to find relief inside of it. He shoved open the door and briskly headed to the farthest stall. He had to walk by several people along the way, washing their hands or pissing in those confounding ‘urinal’ things. What was it with humans? How could they act like such an awful invention was acceptable?

He reached the stall and pulled the lock as carefully as he could. So… So fragile… So flimsy… Like it was made of feathers… Ugh, and sticky, too. He wished Bulma had at least let him keep his gloves on today. But, no. She had to insist they didn’t ‘go’ with his outfit. Like he cared!

He managed to latch the door without breaking anything, which was better than the LAST time Bulma had forced him to ‘try’ like this. His heart was still thundering in his chest, though. In fact, the pressure in his chest and in his mind was so intense it even managed to outweigh the pressure in his bladder. His middle seemed to be numbing out as the panic and… his stupid fucking ‘anxiety’ amped up.

The stall at least gave him SOME privacy, so he grabbed himself again, crossing his legs together. He could hear several others urinating, and the sound was a whole new form of cruelty. It sounded like these people could piss mere seconds after unzipping themselves. How could it be so simple?! It was like it wasn’t complicated for them at all! They could just do it!

Vegeta could destroy a mountain with one finger, he’d like to see these humans do THAT!

He decided he’d stayed in here long enough for Bulma to think he’d ‘tried’, so he quickly fled from the stall and out of the room, reaching her side once more. “Capsule,” he gritted.

“Alright,” Bulma said, reaching into her bag again. “Thank you for trying.”

Vegeta felt a small twinge of guilt for some reason. He hadn’t tried like she thought, but so what? They both knew it was useless, it shouldn’t make a difference whether he actually did it or not…

Bulma produced the capsule and placed it into his hand. Before he could ponder his strange, guilty sensation any further, he flew off. It took him a moment to remember that he wasn’t supposed to do that in front of people.

Oh well. If they got freaked out, that was their problem.

He flew high into the sky, scanning the area for a suitable place. He spotted a grassy field a bit outside of the resort, and his bladder seized at the sight of it. It was perfect! He dashed towards it, and then made his harshest landing of the day. It was so bad that he crumpled over on himself, both hands pushing against his groin as he jiggled up and down so quickly that he felt dizzy. His face scorched hot, even with no one around to see.

He tossed the capsule blindly and heard it open, stumbling for the door and getting inside as fast as possible. He threw the bolt into place and flicked on the light, the fan whirring to life as well and the cascading wall fountain catching his eye immediately, making his bladder lurch.

He scrambled in front of the toilet and unzipped. He couldn’t hear anything aside from the fan. He couldn’t sense any energy that wasn’t his own. He watched the liquid trickling down the wall, and his own stream burst forth, bringing with it an immense, satisfying sense of relief. He even allowed himself a small moan, content in the knowledge that no one apart from him would ever know such a sound had come out of him. “Ahhh…”

His toes started to curl in pleasure as his middle kept going looser and looser, all the knots unfurling and leaving a euphoric tingling behind. He gushed like he’d been dying to for ages, feeling like a geyser was erupting from his bladder, it was so forceful.

When he was finally done, he continued to stand there for a few seconds, catching his breath and making sure everything was really out. Once he was positive he’d emptied himself completely, he zipped back up and the guilty feeling returned.

It remained, heavy around his shoulders, as he washed his hands, left the restroom and reverted it to its capsule form. It was still there when he returned to Bulma and Trunks, neither of them saying a word about where he’d just rushed off to.

Next time, he promised himself, he actually WOULD try.

*015*2024-12-17 03:39

Chapters based on episodes of Super may use some canon dialogue.

***

“I’ve gotta go catch up with my little girl,” Hercule said. “Stay here and make sure Buu doesn’t eat all the food while I’m gone, there needs to be enough for everyone.”

And, with those words, one of the worst days of Vegeta’s life was set in motion.

He was already not in a great mood— Despite his best efforts, and his knowledge that he SHOULD be in better spirits. This just wasn’t shaping up to be a pleasant experience for him so far.

It was Bulma’s birthday. Of course, he wanted the best celebration possible for her— The woman worthy of him deserved nothing less. But… Did she really have to have her party on a boat? Surrounded by splashing, sloshing ocean water? And, did she HAVE to invite everybody? Vegeta had vocalized his complaints with the arrangement back when she’d still been planning everything.

In a quiet voice, after Trunks had gone to bed, he managed to mutter; “You… Expect me to be comfortable on a boat for several hours?”

“It’s a cruise ship,” Bulma corrected him. “Not a ‘boat.’”

“I don’t care what it is. It’s still… All I’m gonna be able to hear is the ocean…” Vegeta worried at his lip. ‘You know what running water does to me,’ he thought, pleading that Bulma wouldn’t make him say it.

“Yes, that’s part of sailing,” Bulma nodded.

“Which is why I implore you to choose a different venue.”

“Vegeta, it will be FINE,” Bulma said. “Cruise ships have bedrooms, and those bedrooms have… Have what you’re worried about needing. They’re like hotels.”

Right. Because he’d had SUCH an easy time at hotels…

“And, I’ll even bring your capsule, okay? If it really gets bad…”

“I’ll consider it,” Vegeta sighed.

Bulma decided that was the best she could hope for, but she was still disappointed when Vegeta wasn’t there on the day of the party. Not at first, anyway.

He spent the first part of the day training in his gravity room. He would celebrate with Bulma this evening, privately, and away from… Away from any noises that might start to bother him in any way. This was an enormous mistake.

With no intention of going to that boat, and with EVERY intention of pushing his body past its limits while he trained, Vegeta hydrated. He knew Bulma was going to be upset with him, so he should at LEAST do that much to make her happy. He guzzled water before he began his training, content that he’d be able to expel it whenever the need to do so arose.

Bulma called him, though. And, after that discussion, he… He knew he had to go be with her today. ‘She promised to bring the capsule,’ he reminded himself, making sure to empty his bladder before leaving the house. ‘It won’t be so bad. You’ve got a way out, if necessary.’

Once there, he laid down on one of the beach chairs and tried to… ‘Relax,’ to the best of his ability. He sat with his arms behind his head, trying to cover his ears a bit without looking too obvious. He could still hear the ocean roaring, the splashing penetrating his ear-drums and making him ALREADY start to regret the water he’d had earlier.

Bulma found him and encouraged him to come join everyone else, but he ignored the request. It should have been good enough that he’d come here at all, subjecting his stupid, suggestible bladder to the nonstop siren song of the ocean.

He was debating whether or not he SHOULD go, ugh, talk to people just to distract himself when King Kai contacted him telepathically and told him something else that took his mind off of his bladder for a moment. Beerus, the God of Destruction, was on his way to Earth. King Kai warned Vegeta not to provoke Beerus in any way, stating that Kakarot had already been defeated by him easily.

The name ‘Beerus’ was weirdly familiar to Vegeta, but he could not for the life of him recall where he’d heard it before. Something about it, though… It was making him feel strange. No, not strange. The feeling had a name. It had a stupid name…

Vegeta was anxious.

The ocean seemed to be growing louder, and Vegeta’s bladder pulsed, the anxiety seeming to constrict around it. He could hear the water too clearly here, he needed a change of scenery. Besides, maybe walking around for a bit would somehow jog his memory as to who Beerus was.

If drinking all that water had been Vegeta’s first mistake of the day, leaving his secluded area and heading to where there were more people was his second.

Everyone was there. Everyone but Kakarot of course. That made Vegeta’s spine twinge a bit with the worry that he may end up… ‘Needing’ Kakarot today.

‘Bulma has your capsule,’ Vegeta thought once more. ‘If it comes to that, you’ll take it to the nearest island and open it there.’ He had to stop fretting over this. The more he dreaded the inevitability of his bladder filling up, the faster that would happen.

He was not able to escape from the watery noises. He could hear the ocean in every part of the ship’s deck. It didn’t matter that people were talking, their voices failed to cover up that sound. To make matters worse, Goten and Trunks were running around, attacking each other with water guns. The hiss of liquid kept piercing through the air, going straight for Vegeta’s tingling bladder.

He approached one of the food tables. Hercule and Buu were already there, but Vegeta ignored them. He had no desire to converse with the pink blob, nor his idiot handler.

But, eating would distract him, surely. And, maybe if he ate the right thing it would… Soak up some of the liquid in his body before it could reach his bladder. Yeah. That made perfect sense! He had to eat something super dry, then he wouldn’t need to worry anymore.

He was scanning over the foods on offer when Hercule spoke up; “Hey, you with the pointy hair.”

Vegeta was certain he’d told Hercule his name plenty of times by now. “What?”

“I’ve gotta go catch up with my little girl,” Hercule said. “Stay here and make sure Buu doesn’t eat all the food while I’m gone, there needs to be enough for everyone.”

Vegeta sighed. Great, now he had to babysit… And it was even harder to keep BUU from devouring everything in sight than Kakarot!

Still, Vegeta HAD wanted a distraction… “Fine,” he said. “Don’t be gone long.”

Hercule nodded and took off for another area of the dock. Vegeta stood and watched Buu eat, still trying to choose something for himself. It was mostly fruit. Fruit wasn’t dry. Not unless it had something wrong with it, and in that case it tasted like garbage.

“Watermelon is good!” Buu said, noticing Vegeta. “Does Vegeta want that?”

Vegeta had not sampled all of Earth’s fruits yet. And he’d always gotten the distinct impression that he should steer clear of anything that had a name like ‘watermelon’, particularly if he was in a public setting like this. “Never had it before,” Vegeta said, disinterested.

“Vegeta should try. It’s very sweet, like candy!”

Vegeta shook his head. True, he wasn’t one hundred percent positive about it, but he just had the sinking suspicion that his bladder would NOT be happy if he ate any watermelon. He reached towards a plate of strawberries, but didn’t manage to grab anything off of it in time; Buu polished it off.

Vegeta’s stomach growled. He hadn’t eaten yet today. No one wanted to be around a hungry Saiyan…

There was another fruit here that he’d never tried before; Cantaloupe. Nothing about the name suggested it would cause him any extra problems. He grabbed a piece and popped it into his mouth. Oh. Oh, wow… That was better than any of the other Earth fruits he’d sampled so far. He took another piece, chewing this one more slowly, savoring its sweet flavor. It was kind of juicy, but not alarmingly so. This should be alright.

Besides, it was delicious. It was even better than the fruit he’d discovered on one distant planet years ago; And that stuff had been one of the best things he’d ever tasted, to the point he’d often grown frustrated with the fact Earth didn’t have any of it. At last, he’d found a worthy replacement.

Vegeta continued to enjoy the cantaloupe, and that was his third big mistake of the day.

***

Half an hour later, Vegeta felt like he ought have been sprouting gills with how full of water he was. What the fuck?! He knew he filled up faster when he let himself worry about it, but THIS was beyond anything he’d ever experienced before. He’d gone from slightly aware that his bladder wasn’t empty, to crammed to the brim, in just thirty minutes! What was wrong with him?!

Kakarot hadn’t just finished massaging him, he didn’t feel feverish, so he must not have had an infection… It HAD to be the ocean lapping against the ship. That and the stress. That was the only explanation for how he could get THIS uncomfortable THIS quickly. Every drop of water he’d stupidly allowed into his body was begging to be released.

‘Bulma brought the damn capsule,’ he thought. As soon as Hercule got back— whenever THAT finally happened— he’d go find her and… Request it. She’d probably force him to ‘try’ and go here, which was going to be annoying as all Hell, but he’d get what he needed in the end.

He just had to be patient, and continue to monitor Buu, whom was currently taking a break from eating.

Vegeta leaned back and tensed his thighs, shifting a bit in search of a more comfortable stance. None existed, though.

Any minute now, that idiot Hercule would get back, Vegeta could go find Bulma, go through the stupid process for obtaining his capsule. He’d have to find a restroom that was far away from everyone else to ‘try’ in. It WAS a foregone conclusion that he wouldn’t get any relief inside of it, but he still couldn’t go to one that had people near it. They’d see him enter, realize that he stayed in there for much longer than it should ever take for someone to pee, and then see him exit while still visibly uncomfortable. They’d know something was wrong with him.

Vegeta had already informed everyone who needed to know about this. No one else could find out. He wouldn’t allow it.

Buu resumed eating and continued to stuff his face for several minutes. Vegeta swore he had a bigger appetite than any Saiyan, as disturbing as that was to contemplate. Buu finally stopped for a moment, and looked directly at Vegeta. He continued to stare for so long that it made Vegeta’s skin crawl. That creature couldn’t… tell, right? Surely not. He was still unclear on whether or not Buu even pissed. When he and Kakarot had been stuck inside the thing’s body, they hadn’t gone low enough to see if he had a bladder.

Even if Buu had one, he acted so much like a toddler that Vegeta wouldn’t be surprised if he wasn’t fully toilet trained… He couldn’t tell. He didn’t know what to look for. No way.

“Buu wonders why Vegeta’s legs are shaking,” Buu said. “He okay?”

Vegeta’s face went as pink as Buu’s. “Y—Yes. Yes. I’m perfectly fine.”

Buu wandered closer to Vegeta, tilting his head to the side, his antenna folded forwards, pointing out. Vegeta wasn’t sure what that was about, but he knew he wasn’t comfortable with it. He took a step back.

“Buu thinks Vegeta isn’t okay. Buu can hear sloshy sounds when Vegeta moves. Is Vegeta sick? He need a doctor?”

He could hear… WHAT?! How the— Vegeta couldn’t hear anything of the sort! He never had! He had Saiyan ears! No way was Buu’s hearing better than his own! “You are im—imagining things!” Vegeta decided. His bladder wasn’t… It wasn’t audible to anyone, no matter their species. “There is nothing wrong, I don’t need a doctor, or— Or anything else.”

Buu stared back down at Vegeta’s still quivering legs. “Oh. Then why legs shake like Buu’s favorite pudding?”

Vegeta tried to get all of the trembling to stop. The shaking was always the one thing he could never, EVER control, no matter how hard he tried. Of course he couldn’t, the shaking was the byproduct of all the effort required to prevent other… Much more embarrassing motions. He had to tense everything he had, or else he’d begin to bounce and cross his legs before he knew it. Keeping his leg muscles THAT tight inevitably made them shudder.

But, this time he really tried his best to keep his legs perfectly still. Buu, indeed, behaved like a fucking toddler. Allowing that creature figure out that he needed to piss was to guarantee a humiliation beyond Vegeta’s wildest nightmares.

He couldn’t even get the muscles in his upper thighs to ease… They only strained more the harder he tried to force them to loosen. It was almost exactly like what he went through when he tried to get his body to relax enough for him to actually pee, and the shaking remained.

“… A—Am I shaking?” Vegeta asked, once it became obvious that he lacked the ability to stop. “I hadn’t realized. It’s a little cold here, perhaps that’s why.”

Buu went quiet, but before Vegeta could take any solace in that, Buu moved even closer towards him. Vegeta stepped away yet again, ignoring the jolt the small motion brought to his aching bladder.

“Huh? Buu hear weird sploshing noise again!” Buu put his hands onto his hips. “What’s Vegeta hiding? Buu not like secrets!”

Vegeta moved back once more, his thighs tensing up even further as the pressure in his opening ignited with new fervor. “Noth—“

“The splashy sound’s coming from Vegeta’s tummy,” Buu realized. And then, so quickly that Vegeta’s water-logged brain had no time to react, he poked Vegeta’s lower abdomen.

Buu was still as strong as he’d been the first time Vegeta fought him. And, while it looked like his round body should have been very soft, his hands were as firm as could be. The finger digging into Vegeta’s stomach, piercing into his bladder, made him release a garbled, pained gasp as he jerked himself away from the offending touch.

Buu was unfazed by Vegeta’s reaction. “Oh, Buu hears more funny sounds when he touches…” He poked Vegeta a few more times.

Each jab was like a mallet bashing the stone of his bladder; Electric, hot pulses of brutal need fired through Vegeta with every prod. The walls felt like they were sizzling, and Vegeta was stunned to realize that this was actually WORSE than what Buu’s EVIL counterpart had done to his bladder during their battle.

The evil Buu had punched Vegeta there as hard as he could, and the pain had been excruciating, but it had been ONE hit. Vegeta’s bladder wasn’t touched after that, it was able to settle and recover— As much as it COULD when it was so agonizingly full, anyway. But this… Every time Vegeta felt like he was getting his bearings back, Buu poked him again and sent new waves of pressure into him.

Vegeta tried to wriggle away, his temper was building up as quickly as his desperation. One way or another, he was going to explode if this didn’t stop. He knew which direction was most likely, and that no one would be pleased with him if he started trying to beat the shit out of Buu. “C—Cut that out! Dammit!”

“But, Buu likes the noises,” Buu whined.

“WHAT noises?!” Vegeta demanded. This couldn’t be happening… Ugh, who ELSE had really powerful hearing? Namekians, right… Ahhh, he thought about every battle he’d ever fought alongside Piccolo, and wondered if the green man had always been confused by the weird splashing noise Vegeta’s body sometimes made.

But, Piccolo knew of his… Difficulties now. What about Dende? Could he ALSO hear the contents of Vegeta’s bladder sloshing around whenever he was full enough? “I d—don’t hear anything!”

Buu jabbed him once more, and his legs crossed before he could stop them, his middle felt so strange, almost like it was overstimulated. Between the pressure of his need, the loathsome pokes making it so much worse… He had a raw, torturous sensation radiating all through his lower stomach and it was making him dizzy. “FUCK!”

Buu finally stopped upon hearing Vegeta’s exclamation. He stepped back and giggled. “Oh! Buu figured it out! Buu thinks Vegeta has to go potty REAL bad!”

This was officially Hell. It had to be. He’d never ACTUALLY gotten out of Other World after he’d tried to blow this pink bastard up. No, not at all. That was all just his imagination, what he’d WISHED was true. He’d just WISHED that he could return to his family, that he and Kakarot could save the world. That… That Kakarot would stay in his life and… Be there. He’d just wished for all of those things SO much that, for a while, he had tricked himself into living in a fantasy world where it was all true.

But, it hadn’t happened for real. In reality, he was still in Hell, and THIS was his punishment for every awful thing he’d ever done.

The universe sure knew how to make him suffer…

The next few cramps in his bladder brought him back to his senses. He wasn’t in Hell— Pissing was not a thing in the afterlife. The fact that he had to go so fucking bad was proof that he HAD come back to life.

Which meant that Buu had, indeed, just shouted “Vegeta has to go potty REAL bad,” at an event where most of the people Vegeta knew were gathered. While Vegeta had his legs crossed together as tight as they’d go, and thus definitely LOOKED like he was in serious need of a piss.

Calling this Hell would be an insult to Hell.

‘Kakarot,’ Vegeta thought, hoping that somehow it would reach the other Saiyan. They had SO many powers, there had to be SOME ability one of them possessed that let them communicate telepathically during times of extreme duress. ‘Kakarot, find my chi NOW. Teleport to me NOW. Get me the fuck out of here NOW.’

Kakarot did not appear.

Bastard. How dare he not be telepathic?! The absolute nerve!

“Sh—Shut up!” Vegeta managed, quietly, not wanting to draw any more attention than Buu already had. He didn’t dare to turn his head to look around and take stock of who had overheard Buu’s declaration. He felt absolutely rooted to his spot, unable to move apart from the damned trembling that STILL wouldn’t stop!

“But, Buu is just saying what he sees,” Buu shrugged. “Vegeta’s gonna have an accident if he doesn’t go potty.”

“D—Dammit, stop SAYING that, I’m gonna—“ Vegeta felt like he couldn’t breathe. There were too many ice shards crystalizing around his lungs for that to be possible. His inhalations started to become faster and faster, overwhelmed by the embarrassment. The shakes weren’t just in his legs anymore, they were everywhere. He was only just barely able to growl out; “Be quiet. Even IF I had to relieve myself, which I don’t, I would not be able to do it at the moment.”

Buu’s head tilted again. “Huh? Why can’t Vegeta go potty? He looks like he will go potty in his pants very soon…”

“I— I would never— And, for fuck’s sake, stop using that blasted word!” It was a strain for Vegeta to keep his voice quiet, especially when Buu wasn’t controlling his volume at all. “I’m an adult; And a prince, dammit!” Trunks hadn’t even said ‘potty’ when he was a toddler! He’d known the proper terms for such things!

It was as though Buu hadn’t heard a word of that. “Does Vegeta need Buu to help him go potty?”

Every new statement that fell from Buu’s lips made Vegeta less certain that his choice NOT to destroy Earth had been the correct one. Fighting as hard as he could to keep his voice level and low, he hissed; “No. Vegeta needs Buu to shut up forever.”

“Buu is just trying to help,” Buu pouted and crossed his arms. “Vegeta needs to be good and listen to his body; That’s what Hercule says to Buu!”

Vegeta WAS listening to his body. It was hard NOT to when it had been SCREAMING at him for this long! It didn’t MATTER that he was hearing every shriek of ‘I’m going to BURST!’ that came from his bladder, because he knew his body would never listen to HIM and allow him to ANSWER all of its demands for release.

“Or, maybe Vegeta’s a scaredy-cat and doesn’t wanna go potty,” Buu giggled.

It was not a damn fear! Fear and anxiety were two different things, Bulma had told Vegeta as much tons of times. Vegeta had anxiety— He had a ton of fucking anxiety— he still FEARED nothing.

“Vegeta needs to listen to his body,” Buu repeated firmly.

“I am listening to it!”

Buu shook his head. “If Vegeta was listening, he’d be heading to the potty now.”

“I can’t!” Vegeta snapped, stunned by how quickly his least favorite words had rolled off his tongue. He was just so desperate to shut Buu up that they had slipped right out! As did the explanation; “I’m not able to ‘go’ around others, alright? My body won’t allow me to. And, it’s embarrassing, so just shut up about it.”

Maybe that was all he needed to say, though. As shocking as it was, usually once someone figured out his Problem, they either left him alone about it, or were… Supportive in some way. ‘Only Frieza ever gave you a hard time about this,’ he reminded himself. ‘And Frieza was Frieza.’ Frieza had been cruelty incarnate, and Vegeta had been his most favorite chew-toy.

Buu was a lot of things, but he wasn’t Frieza. Buu was just going to nod and stop talking about this. Now that it had been explained to him, this could ALL be over. Vegeta could just wait for Hercule to get back, and slip away for a bit of privacy, and then if ANYONE mentioned Buu’s earlier shouting about him needing to ‘go potty’, he’d chi blast a hole straight through their gut.

Things did not go as Vegeta had imagined.

They, in fact, went worse than he had ever feared.

“… Vegeta’s body won’t allow him?” Buu stared back at him in disbelief. “Buu knows bodies are weird sometimes, but Vegeta’s body is being mean to him! Vegeta needs to tell his body not to be shy! Vegeta should get all loud and shouty, like he always does, and he should yell—“

Vegeta’s blood went so cold that it was like there was solid ice clogging up his veins. Everything seemed to move in slow motion, he had a terrible feeling regarding what was about to transpire, and only managed to snap out “H—Hold on—“ before Buu continued.

In his best impression of Vegeta’s ‘loud and shouty’ voice, Buu declared— for everyone to fucking hear— “‘I AM VEGETA, THE PRINCE OF THE SAIYANS, AND I WON’T BE TOO SHY TO GO POTTY ANYMORE!’”

And that was the moment when this officially became the worst day of Vegeta’s life.

Vegeta’s chest was not coated in ice anymore, it was something far colder than that. A substance so cold that it had yet to be discovered and named, and it was blasting through all of his veins, too. He swore his heart stopped beating for a few seconds, before it resumed pumping and kicked it into high gear, so rapid that it felt lethal, and he heard every thump in his ears. Then, the freezing temperatures in his body transformed into fire, then back into a cold oblivion, then back to a blazing inferno. Sweat poured off of him, but he was also shivering— And this time it WAS from feeling too cold.

He finally realized that he wasn’t breathing, and he tried to, but he couldn’t— He couldn’t breathe, his lungs felt like they were expanding, but there was no oxygen, he was suffocating, and his bladder contracted harder than it had all day, and then his back ignited with acid burns, and—

“BUU!” Hercule had returned, or at least Vegeta THOUGHT that was his voice. Everything was kind of… Spinning, and the world around him was getting very dark. He could hear more voices, murmuring. He heard his name coming up a lot, but he couldn’t focus.

Hercule was close. “No teasin’ other people, Buu! That’s not being good— You wanna be good, don’t ya?”

“Buu only trying to help,” Buu said. “Buu trying to be good!”

“It looks like you ain’t helping with… With, uh… Whatever’s goin’ on here… Spiky hair, you ain’t lookin’ so hot, you oughta lay down. C’mon.”

Vegeta felt himself being guided, heard the voices growing quieter. He realized he was being laid down on one of the beach chairs when he felt the solid surface prodding at his back— and the screaming kidneys contained within it. He let out an unintentional grunt of pain before turning onto his side, putting his hands between his legs before remembering someone else must have been present, someone else must have brought him here, because his whole body was too agonized and uncontrollable for him to have done it himself.

“Alright, time for one of the champ’s patented techniques!”

Hercule, of course, had to be him… The fuck was he on about?”

“Name me five things you can see,” Hercule said.

What…? Vegeta could barely see anything! The world wouldn’t stop spinning long enough for his vision to un-blur. He tried, though, just to get this moron to go away. This was all his fault… Leaving Vegeta alone with that other, BIGGER moron… “Um… Th—The sky. Some clouds. The ship… The floor… The st—stupid fucking ocean.”

“Four things you can touch.”

“M—My armor. My gloves. The chair. The, um… The floor.” Vegeta’s vision was clearing more, the spinning had gone away.

“Three things you can hear.”

“My heart trying to explode. Your obnoxious voice. The… The stupid fucking ocean, again.” His heart was actually starting to settle down and become softer again, though.

“Two things you can smell.”

“Some of the food. And the salt in the stupid fucking ocean.”

“And, one thing you can taste.”

“The… Uh, the cantaloupe from earlier,” Vegeta mumbled.

“There… Keep breathing,” Hercule said. “Lay down and breathe.”

Vegeta did, but his mind kept firing at a rapid pace, and his bladder continued to throb and sting as if it was filled with a hoard of angry wasps. He didn’t turn around to look at Hercule, instead facing away from him so that he could keep his hands pushed against his crotch. Not that… Not that it would matter if Hercule noticed him holding himself; Vegeta was already so humiliated.

There was no salvaging this situation now. Any chance Vegeta may have had of fixing it was dashed the instant he went short of breath.

It wasn’t just what BUU had done that was such a problem. How Vegeta had behaved in the following moments was a huge issue, too. If Vegeta hadn’t reacted like that, if he’d instead feigned total confusion, the incident could have been written off as Buu being weird. Everyone was used to Buu being weird, it was a common situation.

What wasn’t common was Vegeta… Doing… THAT thing. Whatever it was. The hyperventilating thing. THAT didn’t happen often, especially not in front of so many witnesses. His reaction had been visceral and attention-grabbing, which could only mean that Buu’s statement held some actual relevance to him. Everyone knew now that SOMETHING was going on, they HAD to. If they hadn’t already figured out what it specifically was, there was no way they’d forget about this event, they’d keep thinking about it, keep wondering, until eventually they arrived at a conclusion.

Everyone in Vegeta’s life had seen and heard that. Everyone in Vegeta’s life was going to work this out.

Even blowing up at Buu and shouting at him in a blinding rage would have been better than what Vegeta had actually done. Just screaming at him to shut up, and that he didn’t know what he was talking about. That would have been just as dramatic, sure, but it would have given the impression that Buu was spewing nonsense, rather than loudly shouting about Vegeta’s humiliating secret.

He’d gotten so embarrassed that he’d lost his ability to breathe. Nobody would believe he’d do that unless what Buu said was true.

Everyone in Vegeta’s life was going to know.

Weren’t they?

Slowly, Vegeta tried a quick test. “So, about what Buu said; I can’t imagine what he thought he was talking abo—“

“He probably wasn’t teasin’ you on purpose,” Hercule said. “He talks like a little kid, and that can get embarrassing. But, he’s also great at pumpin’ people up, you should see him at my matches, cheerin’ me on. Everybody could use some encouragement, even if it’s for somethin’ like being piss-shy.”

Vegeta felt his blood freezing over once again. His stomach lurched, prompting an angry throb from his disturbed bladder. He worried for a second that he was about to vomit up all of the cantaloupe. “Wha— I don’t— I don’t actually know WHAT he was talking about with that. I— Well, I just… I cross my legs when I get bored, and it must have made him think I had to go.” That was perhaps the stupidest excuse Vegeta had ever come up with, and he mentally cursed himself. It was too late to take it back now. He couldn’t take ANYTHING about today back. It was done, and he had to suffer the consequences.

“Ain’t nothing to be ashamed of,” Hercule said. “When I do tournaments, I meet plenty of fighters with performance anxiety… Granted, all of THEM are afraid about fightin’ the champ in front of a live audience, not about just takin’ a leak, but—“

“It isn’t that I’m AFRAID of—“ Vegeta clamped his mouth shut. “It’s… Nothing.”

“Right, guess it ain’t a fear,” Hercule said. “You’ve got yourself a whole heap of anxiety. No wonder you went and had a panic attack in front of everyone.”

Vegeta just groaned in response. His humiliation was so heavy and so complete that he didn’t even protest against the suggestion that he’d had a panic attack. He probably had! The universe was so determined to embarrass him today, of course he had! The only saving grace was that his bladder had stayed intact through it, there wasn’t a speck of dampness around his crotch, just the same brutal pain he’d grown so accustomed to, with no end in sight. The cramping was constant now, and his back kept reigniting each time an uncontrollable shudder went down it.

Vegeta sensed Buu’s chi approaching, and shut his eyes, wishing he could cover up his ears as well to avoid hearing whatever the creature had to say. But, the hands wrapped around his length were the only things that came close to soothing his bladder. He couldn’t budge them.

“Why Vegeta upset?” Buu asked. “Why he breathe funny before?”

“Vegeta’s got this medical condition, see? And it’s real embarrassin’,” Hercule said. “So, he didn’t want ya yellin’ about it like that.”

“… Medical?” Buu repeated. “Like sickness?”

“Yeah, Buu. That’s right.”

“But then, that would mean it isn’t Vegeta’s fault. Buu doesn’t understand. Why so embarrassing if it’s not Vegeta’s fault?”

“‘Cause that’s just how it makes him feel,” Hercule explained. “And, you blabbin’ about it so loudly like that… Now, everyone here knows about it— All of Vegeta’s friends found out about this embarrassin’ secret he’s been tryin’ to keep from them, and now there ain’t anything he can do about it. Now he’s feelin’ like the world is over and that everyone’s gonna be laughin’ at him for the rest of his—“

“I can STILL blast you,” Vegeta grunted out, voice strained from the pressure still thrashing inside of him— All through him. His head felt like it was going to explode before his bladder did.

Hercule cleared his throat. “…Heheh, uhhhh… Point is, ya really embarrassed him back there. And what do we do when we hurt somebody’s feelings?”

“Buu supposed to say that he’s sorry.” Buu came closer to Vegeta. “Buu is sorry.”

Vegeta rolled his eyes. That didn’t really do him much good. It didn’t change anything. Everyone knew he couldn’t piss. Everyone had seen him have… Have a… A fucking ‘panic attack’ over it. They’d never see him the same way again. He’d be pitiable, this weak, fragile thing that couldn’t accomplish basic things, getting crippled by something as feeble as ‘anxiety’.

“Don’t worry,” Hercule said. “If anyone tries giving you a hard time about this, they’ll have to deal with me!”

“… How incredibly reassuring,” Vegeta groaned.

“Just try and keep calming down,” Hercule said. “How do you usually relax?”

“I don’t.”

“THERE you are.” Bulma’s voice. Finally, someone he didn’t mind seeing. She was rushing over to him. “Vegeta, are you okay?”

What an idiotic question. It didn’t even deserve an answer. He turned slightly so that he could look at her, jostling his bladder and allowing more acid to splash up his back. A pained yelp slipped from his lips.

Bulma’s eyes widened. “O—Okay, let’s take this one step at a time. I think you need this before anything else… H—Hold out your hand.”

Vegeta managed to pry one hand away from his groin. His sphincter muscles ached and burned even more wickedly as the support was removed. Bulma placed a capsule into his open palm.

“I won’t make you… You don’t have to ask me or… Try anything else this time,” Bulma said. He wished she hadn’t spoken. He hated the stupid process she forced him to go through when he needed this thing, but it hurt even more to see her realize that— this time— he couldn’t bear to be put through it. As if sensing the mistake, Bulma pointed off, “We’re passing an island right over there that would be the perfect spot, I don’t want you to miss it.”

He knew she was just trying to… To make him feel less pathetic, but it didn’t work. Nothing would work. Vegeta was pathetic and everyone knew. He grunted involuntarily as he struggled back to his feet. Not only was his bladder full enough to rupture, but his legs just didn’t feel right. They felt like they were made of jelly, a far cry from the rock-hard muscle he KNEW they were filled with.

The only thing that could possibly make this worse would be if he discovered that he couldn’t fly over to that island. His chi felt really weird, too. He was somewhat able to manipulate it, but it felt… Slippery, he kept losing his hold on it. His thighs tensed and his hands kept trying to move back to his crotch before he finally managed to lift up into the air a bit.

Then, he forced himself to fly over to the island as quickly as possible, before he lost what little control he had. He didn’t bother breathing another word to Bulma, and his flight was erratic, but he managed to get there, managed to toss the capsule and get it open, managed to get himself inside the private restroom it gifted him with. He bolted the lock, then turned the loud fan on, along with the sink faucet— He was going to need EVERYTHING he could get to have any hope of emptying himself after the ordeal he’d just gone through.

His back screeched with each step he took to reach the toilet, his first leak finally shoving itself out, and he hated himself for dribbling like that when he was so close to where he needed to be. He hurriedly got his zip apart and slammed a hand against the wall to brace himself. But, of course, he only managed to get out a few torturous spurts that just burned his opening and teased his agonized bladder. Even watching the wall fountain did nothing to help him get the rest out.

He whimpered. Such a pathetic noise. He was so pathetic.

And everyone knew.

***

Bulma reluctantly returned to where everyone else was still gathered. She’d been so intent on getting to Vegeta earlier that she hadn’t stuck around to see how everyone reacted. Vegeta had been her top priority— Her ONLY priority. But when he got back here, there was little chance of him approaching anyone on his own, he’d be driving himself crazy worrying about what people thought, but too apprehensive to find out for himself. He’d need Bulma to report it to him.

That was, IF he came back here at all. Bulma was well aware when she’d given him that capsule and encouraged him to fly off that he could easily disappear for the remainder of the day. He could have rushed home and locked himself in his gravity room. Bulma might not see much of him for a few weeks.

The first person to speak to her was Krillin. “So… What was that about? I get that Buu embarrassed him with that weird impression, but did Vegeta seriously have some kind of anxiety attack over it?”

Bulma didn’t know how to respond. If Krillin hadn’t put all of the pieces together, she wasn’t about to do it for him. “Vegeta has been very stressed lately.”

“… Huh,” Krillin said. “And… Buu trying to mimic his voice and talking about him… What, needing to pee? THAT sent him over the edge? That’s… Something.”

“He was annoyed!” Bulma rushed out. “You know how he gets!”

“Well, yeah… You know, I’ve never thought about it, but I’ve never heard Vegeta mention needing to pee before. Buu said something about being ‘too shy,’ right? Did he mean Vegeta’s got—“

“Vegeta is a very private person sometimes,” Bulma interrupted. “He, um, he doesn’t like talking about that stuff because it’s… You know, beneath his ‘royal’ status. That’s all it—“

“Bulma,” Yamcha pushed past Krillin. “You gotta tell me, was Buu seriously talking about Vegeta having ‘stage-fright?’”

“Buu was just—“

“Is that true? Really? Vegeta has trouble with peeing, of all things? THAT’S his big weakness?”

“Yamcha, be quiet and wipe that smirk off your face.”

Yamcha was clearly trying very hard not to laugh. A snort escaped as he managed; “S—So, it IS true, then.”

“It’s NOT funny, Yamcha!” Bulma gave him the sharpest glare she could muster, her fists curling tightly.

“It kinda is,” Yamcha said, failing to hold back a snicker.

Bulma’s glare deepened. “No, it’s not funny at ALL that he has to live with something that constantly hurts him. Imagine if YOU couldn’t pee no matter how badly you needed to, even when you’re near a bathroom!”

“Yeah, but…” Yamcha covered his mouth and swallowed hard. “It’s VEGETA.”

“AND?!”

“You don’t think it’s a little funny?! I mean, come on! Loud, brash ‘everyone look at me right now, I’m so amazing’ Vegeta is too shy to let anyone know that he pees?”

“I’m not going to warn you again, Yamcha,” Bulma growled. “Now, what do you think will happen to you if I TELL Vegeta that you were making fun of him, hm?”

Yamcha stiffened up and went quiet.

“So, that IS what Buu meant by ‘too shy,’ huh?” Krillin said. “Ouch. I had that happen to me once or twice after I met Goku; That guy did NOT understand the concept of ‘personal space.’”

Bulma relaxed slightly. At least Krillin wasn’t making a mockery of this, unlike certain people she could name. And she could easily picture Goku standing too close to someone while they were trying to pee, or talking to them— He’d done that to her when he was a kid, too. Crazy how he’d gone from behaving like THAT to being the best person to ‘assist’ Vegeta.

“I guess that’s what happens to Vegeta every time?” Krillin gathered.

“No wonder he looks so uncomfortable all the time,” Yamcha was now pinching his arm to keep from laughing. “And here I always thought it was from the stick shoved up his ass.”

“One more crack like that, and I WILL tell Vegeta, mark my words,” Bulma said.

Yamcha yelped and fell quiet again.

Bulma made up her mind then, she would gauge how everyone was reacting, and anyone who seemed inclined to mock Vegeta would be reminded of what he’d DO to them if he found out. That was the closest she could get to repairing the damage done today.

For the most part, though, no one seemed to care that much. A lot of indifference, or just sympathy from those who realized the amount of pain it must have caused Vegeta. What surprised Bulma the most was that some of her friends WEREN’T surprised at all. Vegeta had already informed more people than she’d thought. She’d always assumed she, Goku, Tarble and Trunks were the only ones aware, but Vegeta had WILLINGLY told several others all on his own.

She never would have imagined he’d do that, not in a million years.

She’d have to tell him how proud she was of him whenever he got back.

IF he ever got back…

***

Vegeta was mashing his hand into his abdomen so hard that tears were streaming down his face. His back felt like it had at least forty meat-cleavers shoved deep inside of it, twisting around, with salt and hot pepper flakes rubbed along the ensuing wounds. Once again, he was so desperate that it no longer felt like he just needed to pee, but instead had something very seriously wrong with him.

Because he DID have something very seriously wrong with him, and everyone knew!

He’d tried to reach Kakarot telepathically a few more times, feeling more broken each time he went through the mental plea. ‘Kakarot, if you can somehow hear me, I want you here now!’ He cursed himself for it, for how truthful it was. He wanted Kakarot here and, the most sickening thing about that was he didn’t JUST want Kakarot here to try and coax his body into releasing. He wanted Kakarot here to just… To just BE here. Vegeta had been in a panic for so long that he was completely exhausted. The calming chi Kakarot brought with him was the only thing that could potentially snap him out of this.

All Vegeta could sense was his OWN chi, which had settled a little bit, but was still going absolutely ballistic. The wheels in his brain kept spinning off-kilter, and he couldn’t get his thoughts to switch off. Everyone knew about his problem, which was bad enough. But, on top of that, they’d seen him have something as weak and ridiculous as a panic attack! He couldn’t stop repeating those two facts to himself over and over again. His body was so tight and locked down that he thought he might actually NEVER pee again.

So, he was trying to forcefully squeeze it out— Something that had never worked before and always just worsened his agony. But, he saw no other option. He had his privacy. The door was locked. The fan was running. The faucet was spraying. But, his distress level was at an all-time high, so there was no chance of him urinating the ‘proper’ way, by just relaxing his body and letting nature take its course. He had to FORCE it.

The pains in his back got worse each time he pressed on his bladder, waves of acid scorching up into it. He knew that was an incredibly bad sign, it was his body begging him to stop, it was telling him that he wasn’t shoving his piss OUT by mashing his bladder, he was sending it back UP. But, he couldn’t stop, still convinced in some ragged, animalistic area of his mind, that this was going to free him from the torment.

He only stopped when he began to retch and taste bile in the back of his throat. He wasn’t going to make himself piss like this, he was going to make himself vomit, like he’d done that day Bulma had ended up dragging him to the hospital.

… Did he need… THAT again? Was THAT the only way out this time? He didn’t even have any of those detestable catheter things, or a way to obtain one. And, that would be such a clear admission of defeat. If he started having to catheterize himself, his bladder would officially win.

He couldn’t let himself lose…

He tried to regain his bearings before shoving his hand back against his distended, screeching bladder. His palm was just about to make contact when—

“VEGETA!”

“K—Kakarot?!” Vegeta froze, looking all over the small, enclosed room.

“I’m still on King Kai’s planet,” Kakarot’s voice informed. “But, he’s helping me talk with you.”

Somehow, Vegeta managed to get more tense. Had Kakarot figured out what was going on? He was THAT far away, and he could STILL tell?! Ugh, could he trust the idiot not to say anything that would alert King Kai to the situation?

“I can’t sense what’s happening on Earth THAT well from here,” Kakarot said. “But, I’ve been feeling your energy for the past half hour or so, and… Vegeta, are you okay?”

Vegeta wanted to snap that he was fine, but he couldn’t. In a way, this was exactly what he’d been hoping for all day; Kakarot HAD noticed his distress signals. “I’m… I…”

“Is Beerus there?” Kakarot asked. “Can you hold him off? I’m… I’m not ready to get back to Earth—“

“N—No. If he’s coming, he’s n—not here yet.”

“… Vegeta, is it… Is it that secret thing?”

‘Not so secret anymore,’ Vegeta thought ruefully. Still, he appreciated Kakarot’s choice not to name it where King Kai could hear. “Yes, it’s that!”

“Okay. Uh, are you in a good spot to… I mean, you want me to help? You ready?”

“Y—Yes, Kakarot.”

“Alright… Man, your energy is REALLY off the rails this time…”

“Shut up.”

“S—Sorry. I know you can settle it back down. Try to breathe, Vegeta. Nice and slow. You can do this.”

Vegeta tried. He’d BEEN trying to steady his breathing ever since Hercule had pulled him away from the crowd. It was just that every time he did, he’d lose control over it again after a few seconds.

“Yeah, that’s good Vegeta. I can sense your chi easing up, keep doing that.”

Vegeta wasn’t sure if his chi actually WAS changing, but it felt… Good to hear Kakarot say it was. And, now that he was paying attention, he thought he did notice a bit of looseness in his body. Not much, but it was there.

“You’ve got this. You’re so strong, you’re getting your energy back to normal now. You’re doing great.”

At long last, Vegeta felt the pinching, the sharp increase in pressure right at his tip, and this was followed by a slow trickle of liquid, which rapidly picked up speed as he let out a sharp breath from his lungs. Finally…

He’d been so full that it took a few seconds for him to actually feel any relief. It was like he was still desperate to pee even though he was actively letting it out. When the shift finally happened, and he was able to feel his bladder starting to contract back down to a reasonable size, he exhaled again, his eyelids fluttering a bit. For the first time in a long while, he felt like he had some semblance of control over himself. “Hff…”

“Good job, Vegeta,” Kakarot kept encouraging him, and he found he didn’t mind. He hadn’t said anything that would give King Kai any idea of WHAT Kakarot was encouraging him to do, so it was fine for him to continue doing it.

When he finally finished several minutes later, Vegeta blearily fixed his clothing and stumbled back a bit. He still felt exhausted. Today had been awful…

… Kakarot had come through for him, though. Even when he was on a different planet, in a different plane of existence, Kakarot had still broken him out of Hell. The ‘link’ Vegeta had tried convincing himself they shared hadn’t just been the product of his incredibly desperate imagination, but something real.

And… What was THAT feeling supposed to be? It was like the reverse of the cold, twitchy ‘anxiety’ thing. Something else lodged in his chest, but this one wasn’t painful or heavy. And it sure wasn’t cold… It was a sensation that he associated with Bulma, Trunks and Tarble; his family. But—

The Hell did Kakarot just do to him?!

“Vegeta? You alright now?” Kakarot asked.

“Y—Yes. Yes, I’m fine.”

“Okay, great! I’ll see you later.”

Vegeta sighed. “Guess I can’t get out of that?”

No response. Kakarot must have cut the communication already.

And that weird feeling still hadn’t gone away!

Vegeta spent a couple more minutes waiting for the sensation to fade, but it didn’t. So, he just left the restroom, returned it to its capsule form, and begrudgingly flew off in the direction he could sense everyone else’s chi. He couldn’t just ditch Bulma for the rest of the day, as much as he didn’t WANT to be around the others anymore.

When he caught back up to the ship, he landed in an empty area and didn’t go towards any of the muffled voices he could hear. ‘They’re talking about you,’ he thought. ‘About how pathetic and hilarious your ridiculous weakness is.’ He had to stop this before he got worked up into a frenzy again… ‘Only Frieza tormented you for it. Only Frieza. Only Frieza.’

All the reassurance in the world couldn’t coax him back towards the others, though. He had to be alone. He paced down a vacant hallway. What had he been doing BEFORE the universe had decided to stomp all over him?

Right, he’d been trying to recall where he’d heard Beerus’s name before. He knew he’d—

He looked up, spotting two new figures, one of them familiar.

He remembered who Beerus was.

And he had his second panic attack of the day.

Beerus taunted him, and he honestly wasn’t sure if the mockery was better or worse than the coddling, little ‘calm down’ routine Hercule had given him.

Bulma found him in the midst of it and, upon seeing him collapsed on the ground, assumed he was trying to train at her party. That— That was actually a good sign! Bulma was acting normal, so maybe everyone else had brushed off what had happened earlier. Maybe they hadn’t discussed it at all and everything was fine!

But, then she of course just had to realize what he was ACTUALLY doing sprawled out on the ground like that. “Are you okay?”

“STAY BACK!” Vegeta ordered. He didn’t need any more sympathy today— He didn’t need Bulma fraternizing with Beerus. She had no idea how dangerous he was! “Get out of here!”

Beerus turned to Bulma. Vegeta shuddered. ‘Keep your beady eyes OFF of her!’

“Nothing to worry about, my lady,” Beerus said. “He’s just had too much punch.”

… People were talking about it. People were definitely fucking talking about it. Beerus must have OVERHEARD them talking about it. He knew, he knew, he knew, and he was mocking him! Everyone was going to mock him!

Vegeta had no desire to pick himself back up off the floor. Not until Bulma somehow mistook Beerus and his companion as friends of his and just… Invited them to stay! Vegeta couldn’t believe it, every time he thought this day couldn’t possibly get any worse, it found a way! Now, he had to make sure no one pissed Beerus off, which meant he had to go back out and— And fucking interact with everybody again!

When he forced himself back to the rest of the group, he was already so on edge as his brain spun with concerns about what they were all thinking when they saw him. And they were all acting so STUPID around Beerus— like they were TRYING to set him off— that Vegeta’s heart was constantly pounding so loudly he could barely hear anything. He constantly felt like he was seconds away from having a THIRD panic attack! Like, if he inhaled wrong just once, his lungs would collapse once again. His nerves were so fried, it was like he was constantly being electrocuted from the inside.

And, worst of all; The main thing on Vegeta’s mind was how badly he wanted Kakarot to be there.

*016*2024-12-26 00:31

Of course, it was Buu that eventually set Beerus off by refusing to share some food with him. It HAD to be Buu because for whatever reason Buu had just been determined to fuck up Vegeta’s life that day. Maybe Buu, with his childlike brain, thought that Vegeta’s panic attacks looked funny and so he just wanted to set off as many as he possibly could. He just couldn’t comprehend that Vegeta didn’t ENJOY hyperventilating and breaking down in front of everyone he knew. That was obviously too complex of a concept for his mind to wrap itself around!

Three times.

Three times in a single day.

All of them in front of at least a few witnesses.

Two of them in front of a large crowd.

And THEN, a fourth! He went short of breath and struggled to bring oxygen into his lungs a FOURTH time when Beerus slapped his wife. That was more than he could take, his energy exploded and he transformed into a Super Saiyan in an instant. This didn’t make it any easier for him to breathe. If anything, it got even harder. His ribs were exploding as his lungs contracted fervently, and no air seemed to be reaching them! It wasn’t until his change had been completed that the suffocating feeling went away, replaced with nothing but rage.

His power wasn’t enough to actually defeat Beerus though, and the humiliation continued when he was forced to place his hand against Kakarot to complete the ritual required to transform him into a Super Saiyan God. It wasn’t even the ‘touching Kakarot’ thing that he detested the most, nor was it the fact that Kakarot was yet again achieving a new form before HE did. No, it was what the act of putting his palm to that idiot’s back DID to him!

As soon as they’d made contact… The various wars that had been raging through Vegeta’s body all day suddenly stopped. The ice inside of him melted, replaced by pleasant heat— What? No, it wasn’t pleasant! He didn’t like it at all! He was just relieved that his breathing was finally steady again, that was all!

But, Kakarot had made that happen. He couldn’t deny it. His mind and body only decided to stop exploding once he had his hand on Kakarot. Why would— Oh, Kakarot must have been transferring a bit of his own energy to Vegeta! Kakarot could sense how on-edge Vegeta still was, and was sending him tiny amounts of the smooth calm chi he could so easily conjure. THAT was why Vegeta was finally able to calm down! That HAD to be it, it was the only thing that made any sense.

‘Idiot,’ Vegeta thought. ‘You’re going to fight Beerus after this, you should be saving all of your energy for yourself.’

They had to try the ritual again a few times before they got it right, and each time Vegeta felt himself loosen more when he gripped Kakarot’s back, and he grew more annoyed. ‘Stop wasting your damn chi like this! There are more important things going on than my stupid… anxiety garbage!’

Kakarot wasn’t able to defeat Beerus, and Vegeta was sure it was because he had used up too much of his energy trying to… What, make him feel better?! Vegeta had to catch him after Beerus had flung him back down at the end of the battle, and to his utmost fury, he felt the same soothing sensation once Kakarot was in his arms. Even battered and exhausted, the moron was trying to send what little remained of his chi into Vegeta. Just when Vegeta thought he couldn’t get any more brain-dead.

“Nice catch, buddy,” Kakarot said.

“Shut up,” Vegeta growled, glaring down at the other Saiyan, still resting in his grasp. The warm, calm feeling was increasing. Kakarot was going to end up dying again if he kept this up… He was going to flood Vegeta with every bit of energy he had left, and then drop dead. What was his problem?!

They got lucky, Beerus didn’t destroy Earth, purely because he fell asleep before he could and Bulma promised to feed him if he ever returned. But, even if things had worked out, Vegeta refused to let Kakarot get away with his foolishness. He chewed Kakarot out the first chance he got; “Do NOT waste your chi trying to calm me down. Especially not when you’re about to head into a fight as important as that one was!”

Kakarot’s brows furrowed. “Waste… My…”

“Don’t play dumb with me,” Vegeta snapped. “When we were doing that ritual? You sent me some of your energy.”

Kakarot pretended not to know what Vegeta was referring to “Huh? I… I wasn’t sending you ANY energy, Vegeta. What are you talking about?” He managed to put on such a confused expression that Vegeta almost believed him for a moment. But he knew better; He knew what he’d felt.

“The SECOND we touched, it was like a weight off my shoulders,” Vegeta said. “You expect me to believe it was just a coincidence? That it came from nowhere?”

Kakarot continued to look utterly bewildered. “Honest, Vegeta! I didn’t use up any chi, I knew I was gonna need it! Beerus just seriously had me beat, that’s all there is to it. Maybe it WAS just a coincidence.”

“No way in Hell,” Vegeta insisted. “You did SOMETHING. If it didn’t involve your chi, it must have been something else.”

“Vegeta, I’m serious. I don’t think I did anything.”

“Bullshit.”

Vegeta spent the next several days trying to figure out what Kakarot had done. If it hadn’t been an energy transfer, then what else could it have possibly been? When he wasn’t trying to work THAT out, he was fretting over what all of the others were thinking. Had Beerus provided enough of a distraction to make them forget about his embarrassing secret? No, he could never be so lucky. They knew he was incapable of something simple, nothing could have been bigger news than that! Not even a destroyer God or Kakarot’s new powers!

They’d probably forgotten about Beerus in favor of Vegeta’s humiliation!

He didn’t want to be around anyone. Not even his family. They too had witnessed his repeated panic attacks, and he just knew Bulma was going to force him to DISCUSS them the first chance he got. He just had to make sure that she never got the chance.

So, every day, he went out and found a remote location to train. He needed to catch back up with Kakarot anyway, find a way to achieve that new form on his own, without the stupid ritual. He’d stay out as long as possible, and return home late at night. Then, even if Bulma was still awake, he’d just be ‘way too tired’ for a conversation!

These circumstances were not ideal. He was away from the house— from certain things he needed IN the house— for so long. He trained in complete isolation, but since he still couldn’t differentiate the chi of an animal from that of a human, when he tried to relieve himself out there, he was seldom ever successful. He was stuck holding it until he got home most days.

But, without Bulma around nagging him, he could fall back on his oldest, most well-tested strategy; Dehydrating himself. He left each morning prior to when Bulma woke up and was able to force any water into him. He didn’t allow himself a single drop of the stuff before leaving. And, he certainly didn’t let himself have any while he was out there.

When night came and he could return home, only THEN did he try to satiate his thirst. He’d gulp water from the bathroom sink’s faucet as he prepared himself for bed, but it never felt like enough. His throat ached and his head throbbed constantly. While he was training, his legs and arms would randomly cramp anytime he moved the wrong way, sometimes it was painful enough to make him keel over. And he was so, SO dizzy all of the time. His entire body screamed for water, but he refused to give it more than a few mouth-fulls each day, and only AFTER he’d gotten back home.

It wasn’t sustainable.

After about a week of this self-inflicted torture, Vegeta felt so ragged and sick that he had no choice but to fly home early in the afternoon. He honestly thought he was going to shrivel up and die if he didn’t have a nice, big drink soon. Maybe the conversation he was dreading wouldn’t be as bad as he was picturing it?

Who was he kidding, he knew it was going to be awful. But, it had to be better than what he was doing to himself.

He landed in the yard, and stumbled over to the fountain Bulma had installed. He cranked it on with urgency, dousing himself in the liquid before tipping his head back to guzzle it. Ohhh, that was Heavenly… Just feeling it move cooly over his tongue… All of his senses seemed to come alive as he gave in and drank. He could smell the grass, the colors around him were crisper and more vibrant. He could hear—

He could hear Bulma scolding him for everything he’d been doing the last few days. He jumped and turned towards her. He hadn’t even sensed her approaching, too lost in the bliss the water had granted him.

Vegeta said nothing as she continued to berate him. She told him he was supposed to talk to her, that he needed to stop avoiding everything, that he was filthy from whatever training he’d been putting himself through. He ignored all of it.

He genuinely WAS too tired for a conversation now. He felt BETTER now that he’d finally gotten some water, but he was probably going to be feeling the after-effects of the prolonged dehydration for a while.

“Have you forgotten how to speak?!” Bulma snapped. “VEGETA!”

Vegeta turned, attempting to muster up some kind of excuse. But the first person he noticed was not Bulma, it was Whis; Beerus’s companion. What was HE doing here, and how could Bulma be trying to force THIS discussion on him when they weren’t alone?!

Apparently, Bulma had befriended Whis. Vegeta didn’t know when or how, he supposed that was one of the issues with his self-imposed isolation, he missed important things like this. For her to become close with Beerus’s… Servant, or… Whatever… That was enraging!

Before he could completely blow up, however, Vegeta was struck by a brilliant idea; If he went to train on Beerus and Whis’s planet, he could avoid people for AGES longer! Bulma wouldn’t be able to make him talk to her, he wouldn’t have to see any of the others, he’d be away from Kakarot and whatever weird tricks he’d been pulling on him.

Yes, this was a WONDERFUL plan!

He demanded that Whis bring him to Beerus’s planet immediately!

Whis looked him over, and noted that he could tell Vegeta’s main problem was that he lacked the ability to control his energy.

He could tell that just by looking at h—

Whis had seen part of his ridiculous panic attack extravaganza, too… Of course he could tell. Vegeta had SHOWN him. “C—Controlling my energy!” Vegeta repeated. “Can you teach me that?!” Yes… Yes… This would solve ALL of his problems! His chi wouldn’t go ballistic anymore. No more anxiety episodes, no more of this weird dependence he’d formed on Kakarot, no more of his stubborn bladder torturing him. Everything would be fixed, and he’d be able to focus himself on the important things, like getting stronger.

He wanted this so badly that he managed to choke out one of his least favorite words; “Please.”

It was not easy to convince Whis to train him, but eventually Vegeta got him to agree. YES! Bulma couldn’t make him talk to her now and, once this was over and he could control his energy, there wouldn’t even BE anything left to talk about! EVERYTHING was going to be fixed! Everything was—

“We’ll leave tomorrow, Vegeta,” Whis said.

“Tomorrow…?” Vegeta repeated, his ecstatic mood faltering. “I assure you, I only need…” All that water he’d just chugged, the time it was going to take to gather his things… “T—Ten minutes to prepare myself!”

“I have some things to take care of as well, prior to your arrival,” Whis said. “Just be patient, I’ll be back in the morning.”

“But— I—“

“Patience, Vegeta,” Whis admonished him. “Good things come to those who wait.”

Bulma smiled. “It’s fine, Whis. I need to talk to Vegeta before he leaves anyway.”

Dammit…

***

Once Whis had left, Vegeta remained in the yard for a while, pacing. Bulma stayed with him for a bit, her arms folded, her jaw set, her constant presence reminding him that he couldn’t put this off forever, she WAS going to make him— and he shuddered at the thought— talk about his feelings. She finally went back inside after a while, at least.

He returned to the fountain a few more times, still trying to get his body back to normal. He couldn’t be having those debilitating muscle cramps when he got to Beerus’s world…

Soon enough, the water started to make his middle cramp much more painfully than his arms and legs ever could. He had to go inside. Hopefully he’d be able to reach his bathroom without running into Bulma along the way.

The good news was that he succeeded in his stealth mission. He made it all the way to the bedroom without running into Bulma. It helped that he’d been able to sense her chi and knew which route to take, but still!

The bad news was that when he tried opening the door to the restroom, he felt some resistance. The lock had been engaged. What the—

He could clearly feel Bulma’s energy in another area of the house. Trunks rarely ever used this one, but he was still at school anyway. Why would an employee come into this area of the house? They all knew it was strictly off limits.

He concentrated, but he didn’t sense ANY chi from the other side of the door.

What was going on?!

He knew that if he twisted the knob just a little bit harder, he could break the lock and get inside anyway. It wouldn’t be a challenge. But, then the lock would be gone, and he STILL needed it sometimes. He could even go too far and break a portion of the door, that would have devastating consequences.

He shifted, his bladder ached. It knew where he was, right at the threshold of the one place he could almost always empty it. The water that had made him feel so good earlier was no longer quite so helpful.

He awkwardly knocked on the door, deciding that maybe his chi-sense wasn’t working correctly. Maybe that was another side-effect of the prolonged dehydration, one he’d never noticed before.

No response.

His panic began to rise as blood rushed in his ears. This was the only place he could easily go, and now he could only reach it by destroying the door, which would result in this spot becoming unusable for him as well.

Another spasm, this one sharper than the last. He wasn’t doing himself any favors by standing here, staring at the door that USUALLY granted him his relief. His body couldn’t comprehend why he hadn’t opened it yet. His lower eyelid twitched with frustration; A weak Earth door shouldn’t have stopped him from going anywhere. He could shatter the lock if he just twisted the knob far enough. He could blast the door open with his energy. He could break it off its hinges if he kicked it.

But this door was too damned valuable. It was the most important door on the entire planet. Destroying it was not an option.

What WAS an option? Where else could he go?

Kakarot’s house… He wouldn’t even need to say a word, Kakarot would take one look at him, then bring him straight into the woods to resolve the situation within minutes.

If only Vegeta weren’t AVOIDING Kakarot right now… Still trying to figure out what the fuck that weird ‘feeling’ was and HOW Kakarot had caused it. Vegeta hadn’t been able to come up with a single theory, apart from the energy-transfer one that Kakarot insisted wasn’t true. The feeling was STILL one that Vegeta associated with his family, what technique Kakarot had used to conjure it was a mystery.

He LIKED the feeling, but it unsettled him too. Until he worked out what it was, he didn’t want to visit Kakarot. He’d save that for a last resort.

Vegeta could also use his capsule, that would be MUCH easier. Since he and Bulma weren’t out, it must have been inside the case in her nightstand. He could just grab it and fly off; Crisis averted.

He opened the drawer and retrieved the case. He knew the capsule he needed was number twenty. But, when he looked at that slot, it was empty. He blinked at it a few times, like he was just seeing things wrong. It HAD to be there, it was SUPPOSED to be there.

He NEEDED it to be there!

Had Bulma misplaced it after the last time he’d used it?! Had HE dropped it instead of giving it back to her?! Where was it?! His thighs tensed against another wave of urgency. It was like every new obstacle was making him have to go worse! The walls of his bladder seemed to be quivering, his liquids heavy against the base of his cock.

He tossed the capsule case aside and started to dig through the rest of the drawer. It must have just… Fallen out. That was all! Everything was fine! Everything was perfectly fine! The longer he searched, the less certain he felt. His abdomen throbbed with every pulse from his rapidly beating heart.

The capsule was gone.

Two of his limited options for relief had been removed.

He HAD to get to Kakarot’s place. He had to get OVER the strange frustration he had regarding that feeling. If it was a GOOD feeling, why was he agonizing over it so much?! He should have just been enjoying it, why did he care so much about how Kakarot caused it? He wouldn’t MIND feeling that way again now, it was certainly better than the panic.

… Or, he could try one of Capsule Corp’s other restrooms— He had managed to use them a few times before, just not very easily. And he’d only been able to do it at night, when most of the employees had gone home.

He could wait that long if he really had to, it just wasn’t going to be comfortable. He’d had SO much water, and his bladder was rapidly expanding to fit it all in. He sat down on the bed, pulling his knees up to his chest and pressing his heels against himself. He wriggled slightly, anger building.

His body had been CRYING for water for days, so it SHOULD have used every last drop he’d put into it earlier. There shouldn’t have BEEN any left over to send to his bladder! If his body needed water so damn bad, why didn’t it keep more of it?! He shouldn’t need to piss right now. He shouldn’t need to do it EVER. The Namekians lived ENTIRELY on water, and THEY got rid of the extra some other way. Saiyans were a superior species, so why did his body still do this primitive, frustrating thing?

The silence in the room was getting to him, the lack of stimulation, the absence of anything that could distract him from the worsening urge. His bladder still recognized that he was in his room, which made it throb harder, still convinced that relief should be coming soon.

He considered going to his gravity room, but knew what the extra weight and pressure would do to him now. He considered going to the kitchen, but even his Saiyan stomach didn’t feel hungry when the rest of him was so bloated. He needed SOMETHING to do to take his mind off of this, just until tonight.

He ultimately decided to resume his search for the stupid capsule. Maybe it was in a DIFFERENT drawer. He pulled open the one on his side of the bed, and was halfway through emptying it when the bedroom door opened.

“I thought you’d be in here by now,” Bulma said.

Vegeta grunted something unintelligible in response. If she wanted him to talk NOW, she had another thing coming!

“Looking for something?”

Another muttered grunt. His thighs tensed, pinching his opening shut between them as a bolt of need moved down his length.

“You’re trying to find your capsule, aren’t you?” Bulma gathered.

Vegeta froze momentarily, until the convulsions in his bladder got him fidgeting again.

“I have it,” Bulma said. “Don’t worry.”

“Give it—“

“I have your capsule, and I also have the key that goes to our bathroom.”

Vegeta turned to look at her, his eyes blown comically wide. For a few seconds, he couldn’t speak, his mind had gone blank, to the point he just forgot every word he’d ever learned.

“This past week…” Bulma said. “Vegeta, what you’ve been doing isn’t healthy. I know you’re feeling… A whole lot of ways right now. You’re embarrassed, you’re nervous, you’re… I don’t even know what all else. But isolating yourself every day, torturing your body by training too hard and not drinking AT ALL… That’s not how you deal with it.”

“It’s how I deal with it,” Vegeta mumbled. “And, what are YOU doing? Removing all of my… All of my ‘options’ until I talk to you?”

“It was the only thing I could think of,” Bulma said. She sat on the edge of the bed and folded her arms. The only way she’d unlock the bathroom door for him was if he talked. Or, if that horrible back-pain started up for him again. She REALLY hoped he’d manage to have an awkward conversation before THAT happened, though. But, with Vegeta, she couldn’t bet on it.

Vegeta scowled. Diabolical…. Fiendish… Fucking… He wasn’t going to talk!

“We NEED to have this discussion before you leave tomorrow,” Bulma said firmly. “And don’t think I didn’t realize that’s part of why you want to train on Beerus’s planet so badly. It’s gonna let you avoid people for a GOOD long while, isn’t it?”

Vegeta glanced away. His gaze mistakenly fell on the still locked door to the bathroom, and his middle thrashed, his bladder’s walls squeezing with the desperation to pump everything out. His legs rubbed. “M—Maybe…”

Bulma nodded. “Not maybe; Definitely. Look, I talked to everyone at the party while you were gone, and you know what? No one really cared. At all. So, Vegeta has anxiety. So, sometimes he’s anxious about things people might think are strange. So what? It doesn’t make him any less strong.”

“Ev—Everyone knows… They’ll all… They’re going to…”

“Was anyone treating you differently after that?” Bulma asked.

“Well, no, but that was only because Beerus took their attention.”

“I don’t think so,” Bulma said. “You know what I thought was interesting? When I talked to everyone, a LOT of them already knew. And, that was because you’d TOLD them.”

“S—Some of them just guessed, that’s diffe—“

“And, WHEN they guessed, you told them they’d gotten it right,” Bulma reminded. “Now, what happened after that? Has ANYONE ever given you a hard time over this?”

“Frieza—“

“Frieza doesn’t count,” Bulma interrupted. “You know that. Nobody important thinks that this makes you weak, or pathetic, or any of those other horrible things. The only person I’ve ever seen who views you that way because of this is… Well, you.”

“That’s not—“ Vegeta stopped. If he discounted Frieza, then Bulma was right. Vegeta called himself pathetic, worthless, useless… But, no one else called him that. No one who mattered. Kakarot told him that he was strong BECAUSE of his problem, not even just in spite of it. And, Kakarot always said exactly what he meant.

Vegeta was the only one who thought this thing made him weak.

If so many people disagreed, maybe that meant he had gotten it wrong.

“… No one cared?” Vegeta asked finally. “O—Or laughed?”

Bulma bit her lip. “Um… Only Yamcha… He… Uh… I think he mostly thought it was funny because of how much you usually like showing off… So—“

“I’ll kick his ass!”

“He’s aware,” Bulma said. “I warned him that you would if he ever teased you. But, he was the only one… Are you feeling any better?”

Vegeta squirmed, it was tough to feel ‘better’ when she was preventing him from doing the one thing he needed most of all. His ankles rubbed, and he adjusted his position several times, but nothing lessened the pressure. “… What do YOU think?!”

“I’ll unlock the door in a minute,” Bulma said.

Vegeta’s bladder thrashed angrily at her words. Hadn’t she seen the amount of water he’d downed?! He’d talked to her! He’d given her what she wanted!

“There’s one more thing I want to talk to you about; You’ve never BEEN to Beerus’s planet, you don’t know what it’s like there. You’re going to be there a VERY long time. You aren’t going to have a way to move back and forth very easily.”

He groaned. He knew that the odds of total disaster were very, VERY high. Still, he insisted that he could handle whatever happened. “Have you forgotten how many years I spent in space, on tons of different planets? Sometimes spending days on them, or even weeks?”

“I haven’t forgotten,” Bulma sighed. “I also haven’t forgotten about how a certain Saiyan would only pee once or twice a day back then, dehydrating himself and waiting until everyone around him had gone to sleep… And how has THAT been working out for you this week?”

It just HADN’T been… He’d been miserable. In fact, he couldn’t believe that he used to live that way ALL the time. How had he survived it?!

“I’m going to give you your capsule to take with you, just in case,” Bulma said. “But… I think it might be a good idea for you to tell Whis.”

“WHAT?!”

“NOT Beerus,” Bulma interrupted. “JUST Whis. He’s actually very charming when you get to know him, I really do think he’d understand… And, what did we just talk about Vegeta? No one has made a big deal out of this.”

“But— But—“ Vegeta couldn’t do that! He’d only ever willingly told people that he was already close with! Whis was NOT included in that group! And, how would he even START that conversation? Just… When Whis came to get him tomorrow, was he supposed to say ‘By the way, I can’t fucking piss’?

“Just CONSIDER it,” Bulma said. “You can decide for yourself if you actually do it. I just think it would make things easier.”

“No way,” Vegeta huffed. Another pang rippled through his midsection and it was hard not to cringe. “N—Now, I REALLY don’t want to have to destroy that particular door.”

Bulma nodded. She finally stood up and placed the key into the lock, opening the door at last. “There you go. See? Was that so hard?”

“… Yes,” Vegeta muttered, making his way towards the restroom. He was trying to walk normally, not so slow that he appeared pained, or so quickly that he seemed too eager. He knew it was stupid for him to be so concerned about his gait when Bulma was already aware of how badly he had to go.

He made it to the restroom, locking himself inside before unzipping. He definitely needed the lock engaged this time, he still felt so jittery. And, every time he thought about telling Whis, the feeling got worse.

Vegeta took a few deep, slow breaths, trying to empty his bladder. Had Bulma been telling the truth? Really? No one cared? They’d all discovered that Vegeta lacked such a basic ability, and that hadn’t been a big deal? That was preposterous… There had to be others who thought it was funny, it couldn’t have just been Yamcha. Yamcha must have just been the only one to SAY anything.

For whatever reason, this made Vegeta actually consider telling Whis. Informing someone that he didn’t know very well, and seeing how THAT person reacted… If Whis didn’t laugh, then Vegeta would have an easier time believing no one else would.

He still wasn’t sure if he’d be able to go through with it, though.

Vegeta shut his eyes, then flicked on the sink. Water gently splashed into the basin, and his bladder shuddered with a vicious squeeze. When it throbbed hard enough, he bore down on his pelvic muscles and started to dribble little, sharp drops. It stung, but he couldn’t let up now. After a few more seconds of straining, the trickling turned into a stream and he released the air from his lungs. Phew… Finally…

For the first time in about a week, his urine was a proper, light color, rather than darkened by dehydration. It felt better to let it out, too. When he didn’t drink enough, urinating would sometimes be accompanied by a slight burning sensation. All he could feel now was the relief, like his body was thanking him for actually trying to take care of it again.

Once he’d drained himself out all the way, he returned to the bedroom.

Bulma glanced at him, “Thanks for talking.”

Vegeta rolled his eyes. “Not like you gave me much of a choice.” He groaned and folded his arms. “And… I’ll CONSIDER telling Whis.”

*019*2024-12-30 19:43

I am contractually obligated to do this scene.

***

Vegeta had been on Beerus’s planet for quite a while now. It had been several months. Plenty of time for him to have that little talk with Whis that Bulma had suggested.

It still had not happened.

Vegeta had TRIED, kind of. There were occasions where he got really antsy in front of Whis and was asked what was wrong. Those would have been the perfect opportunities to explain; ‘I have to go back to my room for a moment. I have a dire need to relieve myself, and my body won’t allow that to happen unless I have total privacy.’ It should have been a simple thing to say, and a part of him really WANTED to say it, but the words got stuck in his throat.

So, he’d blurt out an excuse, insist he was just cold or itchy, and continue to hold back his urge.

He really SHOULD just explain it, because when he just asked if he could return to his room for a break, Whis always said no. Perhaps he wouldn’t if he actually knew WHY Vegeta wanted to leave.

Because, Whis DID offer him bathroom breaks throughout each day. The issue was he only did so when they were outdoors, or right by a restroom— Expecting Vegeta to just go while he was still within ear-shot, and NOT sprint back to his own room or run off to find a good spot to open his capsule. If Vegeta just EXPLAINED, then neither of those actions would seem weird at all.

But still, the words never came. Instead, Vegeta would claim that he didn’t need to go, no matter how badly he actually did. Over time, Whis started to think THAT was weird. “Saiyans have larger bladders than I’d thought,” he said. “I gave you so much water earlier, I’d think you’d be ready to pop by now.”

That should have filled Vegeta with pride and made him WANT to continue holding it. Remarks like that had always motivated him in the past. They’d made him smirk. They’d made him feel content that his reputation for having incredible endurance and strength was still intact. They’d made him think ‘That’s right, I NEVER need to go! I only choose to when it’s convenient. I’m not like the rest of you, faltering over a silly biological urge.’

But, this time, it didn’t. It only made him wish that he could somehow talk to Whis about his situation without his tongue turning into chalk and his throat closing up.

He couldn’t, though. He got VERY close a couple of times when Whis gave him a chance to pee. “A—Actually, I— Well, I— Kind of just— Um… Perhaps later, I am fine for now.”

It was like he was physically incapable of saying what he NEEDED to say. His vocal cords were just as disobedient and cruel to him as his bladder, refusing to comply and perform their ONLY purpose.

So, Vegeta was stuck holding it all day, until he was able to return to his room in the evening. Whis made him hydrate, too, which meant he’d be noticeably uncomfortable after enough time passed. Whis continued to ask him why he twitched so much, and Vegeta never managed to force out the real answer.

Each evening, when he got back to his room and locked himself into the bathroom, he’d gush out such a thick, heavy stream that his knees wobbled and turned to jelly from the incredible relief.

Vegeta was handling the actual training just fine, he thought. But… Some of the exercises became quite atrocious later on in the day. Whis kept making him lift this enormous block that was heavier than anything he’d ever tried to pick up before. Being forced to do that once his bladder had begun to strain inside of him, thrashing and sloshing and searing with need… It was horrible. Lifting the block forced him to crouch down with his legs apart, it forced him to engage his abdominal muscles, he felt closer and closer to bursting with each second, and he couldn’t do anything to help hold it back. His hands would be full, and he wouldn’t be able to cross his legs. It was the most awful feeling possible.

Several times, he began to grunt and whimper while doing this. It was less from the effort it took to get the block off the ground, and more from the horrific flames of desperation the action ignited. The sounds were embarrassing and he couldn’t hold them back. Yet, he found himself hoping Whis would comment on the noises, ask; ‘Everything alright, Vegeta?’

Maybe THEN, when he was under such a great amount of physical stress, he’d be able to forget himself enough to make his voice work; ‘I need to relieve myself urgently, and I have… Um, well… A doctor called it Paruresis…’

But, Whis never asked, so Vegeta never told him.

The chores he had to do each morning were a bit of an issue, too. Especially the mopping, the way the water splashed when he dipped the mop in the bucket never failed to draw out the first few twinges from his bladder, a prelude to the terrible pressure he’d be under by the day’s end.

But, the bigger problem was that he’d been unusually sluggish for the first couple hours after waking. His morning routine was being thrown off again, he was so far from Earth that he couldn’t sense Kakarot’s energy. He kept waiting for himself to get over it, but it had been months now and he STILL kept trying to feel Kakarot’s chi the second his eyes snapped open each day, and then he’d feel strange while he tried to re-adjust to its absence.

It wasn’t like he wanted Kakarot THERE or anything, though!

***

Whis had returned to Earth again to try some new food with Bulma. Beerus was still sleeping. Vegeta was starting to need the bathroom, and this would be a good time to go take care of that. He’d do it as soon as he was finished with the mopping, he decided. Just in case Beerus decided to wake up while he was gone, find the tools left behind, and assume Vegeta was slacking off. He only had a bit more to do anyway, he could hold on until then.

Besides, if he peed and came back to subject himself to more splashy, watery sounds, he’d just fill right back up again. It was better to just complete the task now.

His bladder pulsed a bit more, now that he had consciously made the decision to take care of it soon. It was already trying to loosen a little, and he needed to tense his thighs as he worked, picking up his pace so that he could finish faster. It had been AGES since he’d been able to pee more than twice in one day, finally having the chance to do it an extra time was going to make this evening’s training session so much easier. Lifting that stupid weight wasn’t going to make him feel like he was being split in half for once!

Just had to get this done…

***

‘Why didn’t I go first?!’ Goku thought, agonized as he held onto Whis’s back, traveling through vast empty space. He had managed to talk Whis into training him, too. It hadn’t even been that hard, it sounded like Whis had already been thinking about doing it.

No, the hard part was the WAITING. Goku had wanted to leave right away! He knew Vegeta had already been pushing himself for months without him, getting ahead of him! Worse, he hadn’t seen his best friend even once in all that time! He hadn’t even sensed his chi, and that had been feeling all kinds of wrong.

He was so excited to start training again, and even more excited to see how strong Vegeta had gotten. Going THIS long without sparring with him was torture, there next fight was going to feel so good! He couldn’t wait to feel their energies collide again.

But, he was going to have to. Whis wanted to share lunch with Bulma first. Trying to sit still and remain patient while that was going on was IMPOSSIBLE. He whined for the two of them to hurry up, sitting off to the side and watching them.

They were both irritated, but he couldn’t help it! Chi-Chi hadn’t been letting him train lately, and Vegeta had been gone! He missed both of those things SO much, he couldn’t last another hour without them!

As he waited, he felt an urge to pee, and remembered the water he’d had that morning. Three big bottles of it, more than enough to make his bladder ache. He made no move to use the restroom, though. What if Whis left without him while he was gone? Besides, he didn’t want to waste any more time than what Whis was ALREADY wasting. He could go once he was on Beerus’s planet! He didn’t even have to pee that much!

He had never regretted a decision more. He had SIGNIFICANTLY downplayed his need to himself, it started to feel much more pressing the instant he and Whis had left and the option for relief was gone. It hadn’t been a tiny, insignificant desire to go, it had been serious. Had it been a normal day, with nothing else on his mind, he would have realized that. He would have gone while he’d had the chance.

The journey was taking so, so long. He hadn’t even CONSIDERED the amount of time it would take to reach Beerus’s planet. He should have KNOWN it would be a while, because Vegeta was so far away that he couldn’t sense him. What had he been thinking when he told himself that he’d just pee once he got there?

He hadn’t been thinking at all, and now he was bursting. He wriggled and kept hoping that they were almost there, but they just kept moving and there seemed to be no end in sight. ‘Why did I do that?! I already had to pee before we even left! Ah, I can’t hold it! I can’t! I can’t!’ Everything felt so tight and pressurized. His belt was way, WAY too tight, but he needed two hands to loosen it and he couldn’t let go of Whis. His bladder felt like it was gonna erupt. He was covered in sweat, his clothing was clinging to him. It hurt just to breathe. His eyes were even watering.

He was doing his best to hold it and wait. He’d annoyed Whis enough for one day with his impatience. He knew he’d be able to take a leak as soon as they reached their destination. He just had to hold back until then. But, he was overflowing! He felt warmth building in his shaft, little stings at his urethra, he was about to gush out a leak, and he wasn’t so sure if he’d be able to stop it once he did. He couldn’t take it anymore!

“Listen, I don’t mean to rush you, but how much longer until we get there? I have to pee, and I’m not sure how much longer I can hold it!”

Whis sighed, which was not the reaction Goku had been hoping for. “Honestly?”

Goku wriggled, it was about to come out! He was going to pee right here at any second! He had to let it out NOW, but there was nowhere to—

Well, it wasn’t like there was anything out here in this void that he could really make a mess of, was there? “You think it’s okay if I do it out here in space? Nobody’s gonna see, right?”

Whis glared, and before Goku could plead his case any further, he groaned “Out of the question! One does not do such things in flight!”

But, that wasn’t fair! They had been out here for so long already, and it didn’t look like they were getting any closer! Hadn’t Goku held it long enough? He thought it was pretty obvious how much of an emergency this was! Goku grasped Whis by the shoulders. “Aw, come on! If I don’t go soon, I think I’ll explode!”

Whis only narrowed his eyes further. “Hold it in, Goku,” he said. “We’ll be there shortly.”

“I don’t think I can!” Goku exclaimed. It felt like his bladder was filled with a swarm of angry bees, its sensitive walls were being stung and they wouldn’t stop contracting, trying to pump all of the liquid out by force, he was tensing everything up so hard that his muscles all seemed to be spasming.

Whis was unsympathetic. “If you actually have an accident, I will turn us around and leave you back on Earth,” he stated firmly. “Is that clear?”

Goku flinched and turned away, grasping himself tightly and fidgeting his legs back and forth. He wasn’t sure if he’d EVER needed the bathroom this badly before in his life! He whimpered, his stomach beginning to ache from all the pressure.

“That’s better,” Whis said.

Goku moaned. This wasn’t better at all! He was going to leak! The stone of his bladder was cracking, crumbling. It hurt!

“You’ll be fine,” Whis told him. “You are overdramatizing; I know for a fact that your species possesses impressively large bladders. I swear, your companion Vegeta NEVER goes…”

Vegeta must have worked really hard to keep his Problem a secret for six months like that, which meant Goku would have to do his best to keep it hidden, too. That was what Vegeta would want. So, Goku didn’t respond to Whis’s remark, he felt so full of water that it was flooding into his head and drowning his brain, he didn’t trust himself not to say the wrong thing when he couldn’t think straight!

“And,” Whis said. “I sense a greater power from you. If Vegeta can last so long without relieving himself, you can handle even more.”

No way! Vegeta could hold his pee for two days if he really, really had to! Goku would wet himself tons of times if he was kept from the bathroom for that long! “I don’t think I can w—wait as long as Vegeta… S—So, can’t I just—“

“No,” Whis said. “You at LEAST have to wait until we arrive. Do not ask me again.”

***

Vegeta finally finished up with the mopping. His bladder was pinching at him more aggressively now, having had more than enough of the splashy noises. He set the mop down and hopped on his heels for a few seconds. He needed to get back to his room while he still—

He sensed something. Something he hadn’t felt in a while, but had been trying to feel each morning.

It was getting closer, which meant Whis was probably on his way as well.

Vegeta had taken too long on the mopping, he’d missed his chance. Grumbling, he headed out to where he knew Whis would be landing.

***

For the rest of the journey, Goku tried using Vegeta’s trick of counting down from one hundred. It worked, but only for a short while. The distraction just wasn’t good enough, and he had to go so, so bad… There wasn’t ANYTHING in the universe that could take his mind off of this! His bladder was the only thing that existed to him anymore, along with the barrel worth of liquid that must have been crammed inside of it. He was afraid that the thing might start tearing if he didn’t get some of that fluid out!

They finally reached Beerus’s planet. It looked neat, unlike anything Goku had ever seen before. He supposed taking in his new surroundings KIND OF helped him ignore his bladder, but not by much. Now that they were here, he was gonna get to actually—

Whis landed and Goku spotted Vegeta. It really hit him then that they’d been separated for months. He’d been without his best friend for months. Vegeta had on a new outfit, grey instead of blue. He also had on a pink apron, and it was hard for Goku not to laugh.

It was also hard for Goku not to run up and HUG Vegeta. He just had this random urge to do it. He knew that was weird, he hadn’t felt such an intense need to squeeze Vegeta like that when he’d come back to life. And, then they’d been apart for seven whole years!

Maybe Vegeta wouldn’t mind a hug TOO badly…? Just a quick one? He stepped forwards, but Vegeta grimaced.

“Kakarot…” Vegeta seethed.

Goku stopped. No, Vegeta would NEVER let a hug happen.

“I decided to bring Goku back with me this time,” Whis explained. “He was most insistent that he train under me as well, and I couldn’t see a reason why not.”

Vegeta’s frown deepened as he glared at Goku. “I figured you’d come and ruin this eventually.”

Goku tried to shake it off and cheer Vegeta up. He knew what would get that job done, so he made sure to tell Vegeta that he could see he’d gotten stronger during the time they’d spent separated.

Sure enough, that got a smile from him. As well as some taunting, which Goku was sure to return. Vegeta blushed and growled, and that made Goku want to hug him again. What was UP with that?

Vegeta knew he was being more aggressive with Kakarot than usual, but he couldn’t help it. Kakarot was using that weird trick on him again! This time, he was making Vegeta’s chest feel warm and loose without even touching him! What the fuck was Kakarot doing, and why did Vegeta LIKE it so much?!

“Now boys,” Whis said. “That’s enough squabbling. Goku, I was under the impression you were in urgent need of the lavatory?”

‘He… What?’ Vegeta thought. He’d seen Kakarot desperate to piss before, the idiot hopped around and held himself, making it as clear as possible that he was bursting. He wasn’t doing that right n—

“I forgot!” Kakarot exclaimed, immediately beginning to squirm like his bladder was on the verge of rupturing.

Vegeta was throughly confused as to HOW Kakarot could have ‘forgotten’ that he needed to relieve himself, when evidently he was close to pissing his pants. But, more than that, he was mortified by all of that blatant fidgeting. Vegeta was working SO hard to keep himself still and calm, watching Kakarot writhe so openly was, for some reason, making that a lot more difficult.

What would it be like to be so damned shameless all the time? To freely wriggle around so fervently when he needed to piss? To have no qualms with running off to urinate in a random spot on Beerus’s planet.

…

…

…

Wait.

Vegeta realized that it was, indeed, QUITE possible to forget that he badly needed to pee. He only needed to have his body flood itself with enough anger and horror that it completely overwhelmed all of his senses.

Kakarot had just… Run off to the side and was now trying to get his belt apart.

NO. Absolutely NOT. Beerus would certainly be enraged if he ever found out. Vegeta would probably be the one required to clean it up. And… And… How DARE Kakarot just… Relieve himself with no struggle right in front of Vegeta?! If Vegeta couldn’t go here, then Kakarot wasn’t allowed to, either!

“WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!” Vegeta shouted. “YOU CAN’T PISS THERE!”

Kakarot looked back over his shoulder towards Vegeta, and his expression was so clueless, so utterly uncomprehending, that Vegeta’s rage burned even brighter.

“USE THE TOILET!” Vegeta pointed to the building behind them, and Kakarot started running towards it.

“Ah, it’s coming out!” Kakarot whined.

Vegeta groaned. That idiot had been here for, what? Three minutes? And Vegeta was ALREADY getting a fucking migraine.

His bladder pulsed, reminding him that he had other discomforts to worry about. Really, his whole body was just one, huge discomfort now.

“… I trust you can take it from here and get him settled in, Vegeta?” Whis asked after a moment, a slight look of concern passing over his face. “Perhaps it would be wise of you to show him the way to the facilities?”

It would be. For so many reasons. Vegeta could just picture Kakarot giving up after a couple minutes and then managing to find the worst possible place to piss. It would probably be best if Kakarot avoided fucking up EVERYTHING for at least a COUPLE hours.

Plus, this way, Vegeta had an excuse to return to his room for a break of his own; One which he really needed to take.

He rushed after Kakarot, ignoring the little pangs that his speed was sending to his bladder. With as quickly as Kakarot had taken off, he hoped the moron hadn’t leaked too badly. Of course, if he had, it would likely fall on Vegeta to clean up after him.

He caught up to Kakarot, who was going in the wrong direction, of course. “Idiot!” Vegeta snapped, grasping his wrist and eliciting a whine.

“Vegetaaaa! C’moooon! Let me—“

“You’re going the wrong way!” Vegeta huffed. “Just come with me.” He half-helped half-dragged the other, much more wriggly Saiyan into his room— THEIR room now, Vegeta acknowledged with some dismay. “Alright! It’s over there!” He pointed off, mentally preparing himself for the auditory torment he was about to endure as Kakarot emptied his bladder. “M—Make it fast.”

Kakarot was rushing towards the bathroom, but paused slightly. “You gotta go too?”

Vegeta twitched. WHY? Why could he ALWAYS tell?! “Sh—Shut up…”

“Well, I’ll go as fast as I can! Don’t worry!” Goku promised, he squirmed in front of the toilet as he struggled to get his belt apart. It wasn’t easy, his hands kept grasping onto his dick instead as leaks fought to burst out. “Mmmf… Nnnnh…”

“Would you at least shut the damn door for once in your—“

“Vegetaaaa!” Goku whimpered, hopping from foot to foot and grabbing between his legs tightly enough to hurt. “Help!”

“With WHAT, you idiot?!”

“I can’t get my belt loose, and I don’t wanna just rip it! Please help!”

“Kakarot, are you serious?!”

“Yes!” Goku cried out. He couldn’t hold it— The toilet was right there, and he was going to have an accident anyway just because he couldn’t get the knot out of his belt! “Please?!”

“NO! I’m NOT doing that!”

“Vegeta, please?! It’s gonna come out! I’ve been holding it all day, I can’t— I can’t—“

“UGH, FINE!” Vegeta snapped. “But… But ONLY because you’re taking too damn long!” He stormed into the bathroom, and tried not to look at the toilet as he knelt beside Kakarot. The position put a tremendous amount of strain onto his bladder, and his thighs clenched. “Dammit…” he muttered. “You’d better be fucking fast after this…”

“I will, I promise, just hurry!” Kakarot begged. “Please?! Please?!”

Vegeta quickly got Kakarot’s stupid belt apart for him. “There, since you’re too incompetent to—“

Goku immediately pulled himself out and aimed a furious stream into the bowl, Vegeta jumped back to avoid getting splashed. “KAKAROT! AT LEAST LET ME LEAVE THE ROOM BEFORE YOU—“

“You told me to be fast…” Goku reminded, breathless as he panted with relief. “Ahhh…” That felt so much better! His middle felt all loose now, not tense and straining like before. He could feel his bloated bladder compressing hard as it worked to spray everything out of him as fast as it could, not wanting to endure the feeling of fullness any longer. He was peeing so hard that it seemed to echo off the walls. He shivered, laughing. “Heh, I really thought I wasn’t gonna make it!”

Vegeta awkwardly shuffled out of the room, his own bladder quivering as he was forced to listen to Kakarot… Do that. ‘Hurry the fuck up… I KNOW that I’ve been waiting longer than you have…’ He crossed one leg over the other, and willed Kakarot to finish quickly.

But, Kakarot was taking a while. This… Kind of surprised Vegeta. With the force at which Kakarot was going, the smaller-bladdered Saiyan SHOULD have tapped out by now. Kakarot NEVER took this long, it had been over a minute and he was still… He must have really been in pain…

No, no. Vegeta was NOT worried about Kakarot. He did NOT feel sorry for him. Not at all. Idiot had nearly pissed on the floor out there, then he’d made Vegeta help him with his clothes. He did not deserve sympathy and wasn’t going to get any.

Kakarot finished at last and exited the restroom, still re-tying his belt. “Man, that felt great! It’s all yours now, Vegeta!”

Vegeta rushed into the bathroom and, unlike Kakarot, he actually SHUT the door. ‘Stupid Kakarot… Doesn’t he understand doors exist for a reason? Ugh, I hope he at least remembers to shut it when he takes a shower…’ Vegeta unzipped himself and automatically locked on to Kakarot’s energy. Kakarot’s… Annoying… Stupid… Somehow really, really comforting energy…

Vegeta started to pee, sighing thankfully. It had been a while since he’d gotten to urinate before it had become an emergency, day after day of only going when he woke up and before he went to sleep had made him really miss the more relaxed schedule he’d managed to work himself into at home.

Now that Kakarot was here, perhaps he could have a return to that? Kakarot could come up with all the necessary excuses that Vegeta could never think of. Kakarot could even deliver Whis that confession Vegeta had been completely unable to conjure. Maybe Vegeta wouldn’t have to come back to his room fighting back whimpers as he tried not to explode on his way to the toilet at the end of every day.

‘Our room…’ Vegeta reminded himself with some irritation. He hoped that Kakarot never snored. He hoped that Kakarot could keep things neat and not leave Vegeta to pick up after him constantly.

Vegeta finished and zipped back up. When he returned to the bedroom, Kakarot was laying on one of the beds— HIS bed… “Kakarot…” Vegeta sighed. “That one is MINE.”

“Oh, sorry…” Kakarot sat up. “Just kinda tired after that. Never realized how much of a work-out holding it in is, no wonder you’re so strong!”

Vegeta groaned, folding his arms and turning away from Kakarot. “Must you say EVERYTHING that pops into your head?”

Kakarot shrugged. “Well, I— Wait, hold on! You’ve been training extra hard here, and there’s been nobody around giving you your massages! You must be really sore now, lay down!”

“Kakarot, we really need to get back to—“

“Lay down,” Kakarot repeated. “I gotta check on your shoulder, at least.”

“Fine…” Vegeta said, reluctant. His arm HAD been giving him some trouble lately. He laid down on the bed and waited, a moment later he felt Kakarot caressing his shoulder, which first brought him a few shooting pains, and then pure bliss as Kakarot continued to rub little circles into it. “Ahhhh…”

“Yep, the knot came back,” Kakarot said. “Let’s just get rid of this… If we’re gonna be training together, I gotta have you in the best condition.”

“Kakarot, I’m fi— Ohhh…” More pain dissipated, more looseness flooding his body. Kakarot got his other arm, then his back… His legs… It had been too long… Kakarot was getting rid of aches Vegeta hadn’t even realized he had… Kakarot’s hand went a little bit above Vegeta’s knee, and he flinched— Both because of where Kakarot was touching, and because the contact had made him dismally aware of an extremely tight spot that existed in his thigh. It cramped.

“S—Sorry! Didn’t mean to!” Kakarot said, quickly moving away. “Not gonna touch you anywhere that you don’t want me to, promise.”

“Uh…”

“What? You wanna stop? I know you don’t like being touched there, so it’s okay if you wanna.“

“No, it’s just… This is the only way to deal with those knots, isn’t it?”

“I think so,” Kakarot said.

‘And, Bulma can’t do it… You need Saiyan strength for this…’ Vegeta thought, regretfully. “I… Uh… I think my thighs might have…”

“You clench ‘em a lot,” Kakarot said, nodding. “So… I’m sure they do.”

“… You may try to… Handle any knots there. But, if I say stop, you stop.”

“Yeah, of course, Vegeta,” Kakarot said.

Vegeta tensed as he felt Kakarot’s hands move further up his legs. He wanted to hate it, but he didn’t. He DID have knots there, knots that Kakarot had never once worked out of him and were thus very taut. Kakarot dealt with them the same as the others, rubbing smooth circles over them, but it felt different. More… More sensitive, and… Just… Different…

‘Tell him to stop,’ Vegeta thought. But, he didn’t really want that. He was feeling better, tension was leaving him. It was always a good thing when tension left him. He wanted it all gone. He needed it all gone.

Kakarot moved on to the other thigh, and it was the same thing. Really, really sensitive, tingly… ‘It shouldn’t be like that. That isn’t what it feels like when he does your shoulder.’ But, he was going loose… If he weren’t so laser-focused on how Kakarot was the one doing it, he’d be so relaxed. Any tension that remained was caused only by his anxiety about being touched so much by Kakarot, about how good it felt to be touched by Kakarot…

“Okay,” Kakarot said after a couple minutes. “Was that alright? Feeling better?”

Vegeta nodded and was about to sit up, to turn around, when any relaxation and calm he MIGHT have had faded immediately.

Fuck.

NO.

“Uh— It— It feels like you got the knots out, Kakarot!” Vegeta stammered. “Now, uh— I need… Um— I— Y—You know… Massages… Getting… fluid… moving… I’ve got to—“

“Yeah, go ahead,” Kakarot said.

Vegeta carefully got up from the bed, making sure to remain facing away from Kakarot the whole time. He held his hands over his crotch— He’d just indicated to Kakarot that he needed to urinate, so this wouldn’t seem strange, then he ran back into the bathroom, where he proceeded to panic.

He pulled down his pants— the new training suit Bulma had made him didn’t stretch AS well as his usual one did, and he could rid himself of at least SOME discomfort by alleviating the tight chafing around his… His erect…

Kakarot had touched him, and then he’d…

He had the privacy to DEAL with the source of his panic now, but he refused to touch himself for fear of what would pop into his mind as he did so. Best to just wait this out until it went away on its own. Then, Vegeta would pretend it had never happened. No one would be able to torture this information out of him.

He was not disturbed that his body had… ‘responded’ to another male. It wasn’t the first time that had happened. Hell, in the past, his body had ‘reacted’ to aliens that he wouldn’t have been able to classify as male OR female. It was what it was, and it had never felt that important to him. He had been attracted to other males before, so what? On his home planet, it was actually considered strange if a Saiyan was only attracted to one sex— And even stranger if they had just one mate at a time. It was just one of the ways Earth was unlike his home.

Still, even on Earth, where what was generally expected of people was different, Vegeta never felt any kind of shame regarding his attractions. He never spoke of them, but not out of embarrassment. He just didn’t speak of his feelings to begin with. He’d somehow managed to fall in love with Bulma, and understood that taking multiple lovers was frowned upon on this planet, so he didn’t ACT on any other feelings, either. They were just there sometimes, and that was fine.

It WAS fine.

WAS.

Past tense.

Not anymore.

It wasn’t fine at all now.

His body had reacted to KAKAROT, and that was the complete, total OPPOSITE of fine. The shame, which had never accompanied his attractions in the past, overwhelmed him.

Attractions… No. No. That wasn’t what this was. He was NOT attracted to Kakarot. He was NOT attracted to a bumbling, foolish clown. That was NOT what was going on here.

No. The actual explanation was much, much simpler! He’d been on this planet for so long, never seeing his wife. He spent all of his waking hours training or doing chores for Whis, no time for certain ‘leisure activities’. So, he was just a little… pent-up, and of COURSE he’d automatically responded to being touched. That was all.

That was all.

Crisis averted.

He did not have any feelings for Kakarot, apart from loathing. Like always.

He’d finally felt comfortable enough to pee on Namek after Kakarot had shown up because he hated him.

He hadn’t denied it when Kakarot had guessed what his Problem was because he hated him.

He’d broken down and sobbed his eyes out after Kakarot’s death because he hated him.

He’d gotten so desperate to fight with Kakarot one last time that he’d let someone mind-control him because he hated him.

He let Kakarot fuse with him because he hated him.

He trusted Kakarot so completely that he accepted ALL forms of help he offered to him because he hated him.

He’d cling to Kakarot in his sleep when he had bad dreams because he hated him.

He let Kakarot massage him and put him in a state of blissful relaxation because he hated him.

He felt instantly soothed whenever he could sense Kakarot’s chi because he hated him.

He felt that same warm, loose, wonderful feeling that he felt for his family whenever Kakarot was around because he hated him.

He’d gotten an erection from Kakarot touching him because he hated him.

Vegeta hated Kakarot. Simple as that.

*021*2025-01-06 21:00

Vegeta didn’t hate Kakarot.

He just really, really wanted to. He tried to hate him every day as they worked and trained together. He tried incredibly hard. It should have been easy, too. Kakarot was an idiot, he had an annoying, overly cheerful voice. He was always showing up when Vegeta didn’t want him to, and gone when Vegeta wanted him around. He was oblivious to the most simple things. There were SO many things to hate about him.

But, Vegeta COULDN’T do it.

Reunited with Kakarot here after all this time, Vegeta was being made to realize just HOW much he DIDN’T hate Kakarot. Nothing as disastrous as the… Incident during the massage had happened again yet, but… It was just… Kakarot’s chi. Vegeta hadn’t felt it in a while, and now the difference between how he felt when Kakarot WASN’T near him, and how he felt when he WAS had become extremely noticeable.

Kakarot’s chi was so fucking soothing… He’d known that it was for a while now, but after spending so much time away from it, the calming effect it had was so blatant. The first night Kakarot was here, Vegeta slept so much better. He tried to convince himself it was just because the chi was FAMILIAR, and it was only natural that he would fall asleep faster when he had something that reminded him of home.

But, he knew that wasn’t it.

It was… It was because the chi belonged to Kakarot.

And he REALLY didn’t hate Kakarot.

No matter how much he wished he did.

Kakarot was giving him massages daily, and Vegeta was VERY firm about the other Saiyan keeping his hands below the knees. He couldn’t risk a repeat of the earlier fiasco. Vegeta still hadn’t been able to… Take care of himself in that way, so his body was liable to keep reacting to being touched.

That was all it was… A natural reaction to being touched when he’d failed to let off some steam for too long.

He’d had opportunities to take care of it at night, but he’d passed them all up. He was… A bit apprehensive to try. He didn’t know what would come to mind once he started, with him NOT hating Kakarot and all…

He came to terms with it over the next several days, which was faster than he would have imagined. Once he stepped back and tried to think it through logically, he could see where the wires had gotten crossed.

Saiyans naturally felt attracted to people who challenged them.

Bulma challenged Vegeta’s mind. She teased him, she never let him intimidate her, she forced him to try new things.

And… Kakarot… Kakarot challenged Vegeta’s body. Vegeta had spent so many years now trying to keep up with Kakarot, to surpass him… Fights with Kakarot were incredibly thrilling.

So, his Saiyan blood was responsible for him feeling… Attracted to Kakarot. It was just how Saiyans were.

For this reason, it hadn’t even been THAT uncommon for rivals to mate with one another on their home planet, but it wasn’t often that this went beyond sex. Rivals becoming lovers was rarer, yet not unheard of. Vegeta’s parents had themselves been rivals.

Why was he even thinking about this? Kakarot had told him before that he barely had any interest in mating, his enjoyment of the act coming only from making his partner feel good. He and Kakarot were NOT going to—

Ugh, he was acting like he WANTED to do that. He didn’t… At all. Just because it was a normal thing for Saiyans, just because Kakarot was… Was maybe, actually attractive to him… That didn’t mean he wanted it.

And, Kakarot definitely didn’t. He KNEW that. Kakarot only had sex for the sake of having kids, or pleasuring someone he loved. He and Kakarot could not conceive a child together, nor did they love each other.

Right?

Vegeta didn’t… He didn’t love Kakarot. That was impossible. He just… Didn’t hate him, and his Saiyan genes were making his libido act stupid because of Kakarot’s strength. That was IT.

He loved Bulma, and ONLY Bulma. He knew that, because sensing Bulma’s chi made him feel calm and comforted, and her mere presence soothed him.

He didn’t love Kakarot, because all that sensing HIS chi did was make him feel calm and comforted, and his mere presence just soothed him!

Fuck.

He loved Kakarot.

When the Hell did that happen?

Why hadn’t Vegeta fought it off?! Why had he just… Let it in? He should have noticed it coming, noticed it building up… When did it start?!

Was he even okay with getting THIS attached to someone again? Letting himself bond with Bulma and Trunks to the degree that he had had been a VERY difficult road. Vegeta had had a difficult relationship with… Relationships for as long as he could recall.

The ache he felt when his brother was sent away was entirely the fault of his parents. They had tried to make him form an attachment with the little runt. And he had, however small it may have been. With Tarble sent away, something inside Vegeta was severed, leaving him with a tender, sore wound; A weak spot, a vulnerability.

Vegeta was not supposed to have those.

He felt it again on a much larger scale when his planet was destroyed, the remaining members of his family gone, along with everything he’d ever known. He felt like he was ripped raw, cut open, and that wasn’t how he was meant to feel. So, he’d screamed, he’d destroyed everything in sight. He needed to be strong.

It was foolish of him to get attached to his parents. He was always going to outlive them anyway. Their time had just come earlier than he’d thought, and he’d been unprepared. If he’d just always kept it in his head that they were going to die before him, he would have known not to get attached. He wouldn’t have cared about their deaths. He wouldn’t have felt so hurt and weak when it happened. He would have always been prepared.

He’d demanded a new planet to conquer right away.

Nappa had been shocked, having expected him to cry. He was a little kid that had just lost his entire family along with his home, how could he ask for more work after a thing like that?

“My parents were going to die someday anyway, Nappa!” Vegeta had barked, folding his arms and curling his tail around himself. “So what if it happened now instead of in a hundred years, or whatever.”

Nappa gave him a look that he couldn’t understand. And, a week later, Nappa gave him a fluffy, ball-shaped creature he’d found on some planet. Vegeta was baffled by it at first, but it felt good to run his fingers through the creature’s soft fur, and he liked the way it nuzzled him. Vegeta was reluctant to give it a name. If he named it, then it would matter to him. If it mattered to him, then…

But, he did name it after a few days, he gave it a Saiyan name, Onnio. Then Frieza discovered it and was disgusted by its presence on his ship. Immediately, he raised one finger, and after a quick burst of light, Onnio was gone.

Vegeta’s ache came back. When he stared at the spot on the floor where Onnio had just been, flashes of his brother’s and his parents’ faces came to his mind. Memories of his planet, flooded him, and he was… Hurting. And weak.

It started to settle in; Loving something meant he could be defeated. Once he loved something, it could be threatened, it could be taken away, it could be destroyed. To care about the loss of anything was to just GIVE himself a weakness. Vegeta was not supposed to have weaknesses.

Vegeta couldn’t control whether or not something was taken from him, but he COULD control how much he cared. Raditz and Nappa could both be killed at any time, so Vegeta avoided them as much as he could. His interactions were to be kept to a minimum, only the most necessary things. Nappa being assigned to care for him as a child made him harder to avoid. But, any time he thought he was forming a bond with the older Saiyan, he’d fight it back down. Nappa was unintelligent. He was a big, stupid brute. And Vegeta was already stronger than him as a child. He was just a useful tool Vegeta had in his arsenal, someone to take out weaker fighters that Vegeta couldn’t be bothered with.

Raditz was easier to ignore, even though he constantly tried to get Vegeta to play with him when they were children, and continued attempting to force conversations as they grew older. Vegeta refused him again and again. Raditz was even weaker than Nappa, and served even less of a purpose.

Raditz did get killed eventually, and Vegeta just felt this dull, numb sensation when he found out. This was followed up by triumph; It didn’t hurt to lose Raditz, he hadn’t gotten attached. Vegeta didn’t form attachments. Vegeta didn’t have weaknesses.

Then, Kakarot battered the Hell out of Nappa, and something inside of Vegeta twisted up on itself in a way that just didn’t seem natural. His chest hurt and his heart pounded when he saw Nappa laying before him, and tons of memories ran through his mind all at once. Nappa giving him Onnio, Nappa teaching him how to read, Nappa shining his boots, Nappa… just… Being there…

And now, Nappa was battered and broken, and Kakarot was going to finish him off, kill him. Of course he was, that was what Saiyans DID at the end of a battle like this… Kakarot was going to kill Nappa, and then he’d have the advantage, because Vegeta would have to feel…

Vegeta didn’t care, he couldn’t care! How DARE he form this bond with Nappa?! He KNEW better! He knew this kind of shit put him at the mercy of others, wide open, beneath someone else’s power.

Vegeta didn’t let others control him…

“Maybe you won’t be such a disappointment when you’re dead!” Vegeta exclaimed, launching Nappa into the air with a smirk. Nappa was STILL going to die, yes, but Vegeta hadn’t let anyone else sever his attachment to him. He had done it himself. He was still in control, he still had all the power. He didn’t care. He wouldn’t let himself care.

The ache didn’t come when Nappa died.

It did later, upon getting to know Kakarot, and realizing, without a shadow of a doubt, that Kakarot WOUDLN’T have killed Nappa unless he absolutely had to.

Regret was a strange feeling, but it was one Vegeta would come to know quite well.

After that, he’d started to form attachments left and right, and at first he hated them. Why was he caring about some Earth woman, enough to stay with her on a planet he’d once wanted to destroy? Why did he give a shit about having a son, so much that he completely blew up after seeing Cell kill him? How in the FUCK could he allow Kakarot’s death break him to the point of sobbing?

But somewhere, around the time Buu showed up, it changed. Vegeta’s entire family was killed by Buu, and so much of that was ultimately HIS fault. And, it hurt. He now knew how painful it was to lose his wife, his son… Kakarot… And, he never wanted to feel that again. He couldn’t LET it happen again.

He couldn’t break the attachments— He knew that already, he’d TRIED to do it by letting Babidi control him and it hadn’t worked. He came out of it just wanting to have Bulma in his arms, Trunks at his side, and Kakarot… There.

But, what he could do was protect what he loved, and suddenly his attachments weren’t a vulnerability anymore.

What he loved… Which included Kakarot. Which had included Kakarot for a long time, and he wasn’t sure when it had started, much less why. But, it had been this way for a while, unacknowledged. He could just KEEP not acknowledging it, it wouldn’t make him more vulnerable either way. He’d still want to get stronger for Kakarot’s sake, both to keep up with him and to protect him, he would just continue on not admitting the full reason why.

That was for the best, really. Who the Hell would he TELL about this? Bulma would just tease him relentlessly and then get angry at him for having feelings for another person. He certainly couldn’t tell Kakarot, who’d just… Say something stupid. He wouldn’t comprehend what Vegeta actually meant, and even if he did, it wouldn’t matter. They were both married, nothing would happen. Saiyans may not have practiced monogamy, but Earthlings did. Vegeta would never betray Bulma.

Vegeta would just… Carry on as usual. He’d apparently loved Kakarot for so long that he hadn’t even noticed it until now, so he could go BACK to not noticing. Nothing HAD to change.

Just let it all go back to normal…

It did not go back to normal.

Now that he had acknowledged the feeling and put a name to it, he couldn’t bury it. It was THERE and it wasn’t going away. During the worst moments, Vegeta found himself thinking that he didn’t WANT it to go away. It was pleasant, why should he want to make it disappear? The constant back and forth between enjoying the soothing sensation, and detesting it for being there, made his head spin and kept him from focusing.

Whis was noticing it during their training sessions, telling Vegeta again and again that he was clearly overthinking something, and it was disrupting his ability to fight. Kakarot agreed, and Vegeta knew they were right. Like Hell would he admit to WHAT was on his mind, though.

Meanwhile, Goku was worried about Vegeta. He seemed so stressed. And, Goku couldn’t help but notice that his friend was always holding his bladder in for way too long as well. Goku usually saw him beginning to twitch around mid-day, grimacing and reluctantly accepting the water Whis told him to drink. As the hours ticked on, Vegeta would get more and more shaky, his ability to speak would diminish, and sweat would soak his back.

Whis allowed them bathroom breaks— Not often enough in Goku’s opinion, he’d usually be very eager to go by the time he was offered the chance to. Vegeta never went with him, of course. He’d only stammer when Whis asked him if he needed to, eventually mumbling that he was fine. Whis believed him each time, but Goku could tell Vegeta WASN’T fine. Goku could tell his friend was dying to join him.

When they got back to their room each evening, Vegeta would double over with a pained growl as soon as the door was shut, blatantly displaying the desperation which only Goku had been able to pick up on before. He’d look so pained in those moments, it was mind-boggling that he was able to restrain himself so well in front of Whis.

Goku would be able to hear Vegeta peeing from the other side of the door, and the amount that came out always stunned Goku no matter how many times he’d listened to him release. All Goku could think about was how unbearable the torment had been those times he and Vegeta had fused while Vegeta’s bladder had been full. Vegeta had to feel that way every day here.

If he could just pee THREE times a day instead of only twice, surely that would be a huge improvement. Over the past few days he’d been here, Goku kept trying to come up with a good excuse for why he and Vegeta needed to go to their bedroom in the middle of a task. He’d notice Vegeta starting to shake, see his legs moving close together, and know that it was time to get him comfortable again. But, Goku could never think of anything.

He made an attempt today, when Whis had had them lift those huge blocks again, Vegeta had dropped his for a second to rub a hand over his tender, visibly swollen abdomen. Goku’s insides ached, struggling to imagine how hard it was to lift AND hold in an ocean of pee at the same time. Vegeta didn’t deserve that level of searing torture— Not when Goku knew what was happening to him and had PROMISED to help whenever he could.

Goku had dropped his own block. “Hey, Whis? Um, Vegeta and I… Uh… We have a bunch of mosquito bites, can we go back to our room for a second so I can get something for the itching?”

Whis’s eyes narrowed. “… Goku, there are no mosquitos on this planet. In fact, I don’t think there are ANY bugs here that would cause itching. If you feel this is too much for both of you—“

“I don’t,” Goku quickly said. “I… Um… Nothing. Maybe it’s…” He forced a laugh. “Um, you know how sometimes if you just THINK about mosquitos, you start wanting to scratch? Maybe that’s what happened. Heh, we can keep going!” He had to work very hard to ignore the tiny, barely perceptible whimper that he heard from Vegeta. At least he’d tried, but it had done nothing to make Vegeta feel better.

They didn’t get to go back to their room for several more hours, and Goku noticed Vegeta palming his crotch a few times as they walked that way. Goku was amazed he was still hanging on. As far as he could tell, Vegeta had been past the point of desperation for ages.

Once they’d made it, Vegeta rushed into the bathroom and Goku heard his poor, over-worked bladder erupt about a minute later. Then, surprisingly, he heard Vegeta actually… Kind of moan… That was rare. He usually stayed as silent as possible while he was doing this. The relief must have been extraordinary tonight.

‘He’s been doing this every day for six months,’ Goku realized with dismay. ‘Half a year…’ Vegeta must have had longer bouts of daily desperation in the past, back when he’d worked for Frieza, but Goku hated the idea of letting THIS one go on any longer. He was HERE now, he’d sworn that he’d help Vegeta out any way he could. Goku never broke his promises. He had to work out SOMETHING to make this easier on his friend.

His excuse had not worked on Whis and, when he thought more about, Goku knew that even if he DID eventually find one that Whis believed, that would only get Vegeta comfortable for ONE day. If he kept telling Whis the same lie to get Vegeta back to his privacy, Whis would quickly figure out something else was going on.

Vegeta came back out of the restroom, he looked much more exhausted now, his chest rising and falling like he was still catching his breath. A blush was visible on his cheeks. “You didn’t hear any of… Of that, did you?” Vegeta asked, just like he had every night since Goku had come here.

“Nope,” Goku assured, just like always. He didn’t know if Vegeta actually believed him, or if he just WANTED it to be true so badly that he was willing to accept the fib.

Vegeta’s shoulders slackened. “You’d better not have…” He laid down in his bed, facing away from Goku before reluctantly turning back around. “Listen… I… ne— I want you to do something for me.”

Goku nodded. “Oh, sure. Anything. What is it?”

Vegeta wasn’t able to meet Goku’s eyes as he mumbled a response.

“Hm?”

“Tell Whis,” Vegeta’s voice was strained, shaky.

Goku frowned. “Um… Tell Whis what?”

“Y—You know!” Vegeta said. “About… About my… My thing, alright? Tell him about THAT.”

Goku stared back at Vegeta. That WOULD be a very easy solution to the issue he’d been trying to untangle. But, seriously? Bulma had TOLD Goku how devastated Vegeta was about Buu exposing his situation to everyone else. Vegeta didn’t WANT anyone to know about this unless they were one of his closest friends! “… You ARE Vegeta, right?” His chi still felt the same anyway, that familiar, dense glob of energy that rose and fell erratically…

“… Idiot, who else would I be?!”

“I’m just surprised… You WANT me to tell someone?”

“Yes,” Vegeta said. “I’ve been attempting to tell him myself since the day I got here, to no avail. I need the assistance of someone too stupid to think before he speaks.”

“… Vegeta, I AM gonna think about how I explain this,” Goku said. “I’m not just gonna yell out the first thing that comes to mind.”

Vegeta nodded. “Just… Tell him, alright? Every night when I get back here… I have no idea how I used to survive like this all the time.” He frowned. “I’ve gotten too used to being able to handle this more often. It’s made me soft.”

Oh, no… “Th—That’s not true, Vegeta!” Goku blurted, voice firm. He needed to get THAT idea out of his friend’s head IMMEDIATELY. Goku knew where it could lead, and after all the work Vegeta had done— All the work Goku and Bulma had done— Vegeta could NOT throttle himself back down to square one again. Goku wouldn’t let that happen. “You haven’t ‘gone soft’ just because you’ve learned what it feels like to be well hydrated and not bursting to pee every second of your life. You’re not weak just because you want your basic needs taken care of. And, you wanting me to tell Whis so that it’s easier for you to do that— That means you’ve actually gotten WAY stronger.”

Vegeta didn’t look convinced, so Goku continued; “C’mon, think about it; A few months ago, would you have EVER said that it was okay for me to tell someone? Would you have wanted someone new to find out?”   Vegeta shook his head.

“Yeah, that’s what I’m talking about. But, today, you’ve come so far that you WANT me to tell Whis, because you know how much it’ll help you. See? You’re asking for help, you’re accepting it… I knew you looked stronger when I first saw ya the other day, and I was right! I am SO proud of you!” Goku had that same, intense urge to pull Vegeta into his arms again, he wanted to hug him tight, to hold him. He wanted to squeeze him until his back popped.

But, this was a precarious situation, pissing Vegeta off would make it crumble for sure.

“You…” Vegeta’s blush was back, getting deeper by the second. His eyes widened with what looked like panic, and he quickly turned himself back around so that he was facing away from Goku.

Goku hesitated, confused. Vegeta liked being praised, so why was he kinda freaking out over it this time? “I— I meant that, Vegeta… I really am super proud of you. We can tell Whis tomorrow, okay?”

“Y—Yeah,” Vegeta said, his voice frayed. He curled up, pulling his blanket over himself. “T—Tomorrow we’ll… Yeah. I’m… I’m tired. Goodnight.”

“Goodnight, Vegeta,” Goku said.

That night, Vegeta had a dream. It wasn’t a nightmare— Well, in a way it was… But, the real nightmare began when he woke up. The area between his legs was… Clammy, and sticky… For a couple seconds, he panicked and thought he’d managed to pee in his sleep again. But, then he registered how full his bladder was, and flashes of his dream came back to him.

Then, he knew what he was ACTUALLY damp with, and was panicking for a different reason. He sprang out of bed and started to tear off the sheets, he had to get this cleaned up before Kakarot woke—

“Vegeta, slow down,” Kakarot said, exiting the restroom.

He was already up… Fuck.

“Kakarot!” Vegeta cried, balling up the sheets. “I… Was just… Doing laundry…”

“Oh, okay,” Kakarot said. “The bathroom’s all yours. Hey, what were you dreaming about last night? You kept saying my name.”

“Nothing!” Vegeta exclaimed. “Absolutely nothing! Nothing at all! Nope!”

“Um, wow… You’re tense today, huh? Guess you’re nervous about talking to Whis…” Kakarot gestured to his own bed. “That’s okay. How about you lay down and let me rub your back?”

“N—Not necessary…”

“Vegeta, you are shaking from head to toe, you obviously need it. I think the talk will go better if you’re less jittery.”

“Fine…” Vegeta nervously laid himself down on the bed, but as soon as Kakarot placed a hand on him, he was going tauter than ever.

“Whoa—“ Kakarot pulled the hand back, like he’d been burned. “What’s going on, buddy?” He tried again, but Vegeta’s muscles spasmed at the contact. “O—Okay, maybe we’ll try again later… Feels like I’m just making it worse now.”

Vegeta huffed out a shaking breath.

“Is it… Oh, I know, it’s because you haven’t…” He gestured vaguely towards the restroom. “… Yet today. I’m sorry, go ahead.”

“That’s not it…”

  “It’s not?” Kakarot frowned. “Is it the thing with Whis?”

Vegeta shook his head.

“… Is it the dream?”

“N—No!” Vegeta yelped, just making it obvious that it definitely WAS the dream.

“… If it was, then you don’t NEED to tell me anything about it, but when something is stressing you out this much, I’d like to know. All I’m seeing is that you’re freaking out here, and I don’t know why. ‘Cause, it really didn’t sound like you were having a nightmare…”

“I’m not telling you anything,” Vegeta said firmly. “It was a stupid dream, and… And I’ll just… I’ll keep myself awake so that I don’t have any—“

“No,” Kakarot said. “Why would you do that to yourself? Come on, what was so upsetting about your dream? What are you worried about? It sounded like you were having a nice time!”

“SHUT UP! No, I wasn’t!” Vegeta yelled. He knew it was a lie, his denial was so hollow that he couldn’t even buy into it himself.

Of course, Kakarot didn’t either. “I’m so confused, Vegeta… You were just dreaming about beating me in a fight, right? Why was that so—“

“You think THAT’S what I was dreaming about?!”

“Well, yeah… You said my name a bunch of times, and it sounded like ya felt really good… And then you had to change your sheets ‘cause you got super sweaty! I mean, what else could it have been?”

“… You’re such an idiot, Kakarot…” Vegeta mumbled. Dammit, now he was even angrier with himself for having that dream! Why couldn’t it have involved someone with a few more brain-cells?

Kakarot frowned at him. “We didn’t fight…?”

“No, we DID fight…” Vegeta groaned. “That was how it started, anyway…” They’d fought, just a normal day of sparring, but then Vegeta had gotten Kakarot pinned down, and had suddenly decided to form the energy rings he’d used while under Babidi’s influence, pinning Kakarot there…

But, this time, Kakarot hadn’t been able to break free from them. And Kakarot had told Vegeta that being trapped like that actually felt good, but that he was really confused why. He’d asked Vegeta to explain it to him… And then… Then Kakarot was telling him again and again how strong he was, while they—

“What else did we do?” Kakarot asked. “If we weren’t just fighting?”

“… Nothing, Kakarot,” Vegeta said. “It was just a dream. It’s unimportant.”

“But, you’re all anxious now and stuff…” Kakarot said. “I can’t even massage the knots out, you just get tenser the harder I try. You can tell me what’s eating at you, I promise I’ll never tell anybody else about it.”

Vegeta already knew that… He knew he could trust Kakarot. He didn’t have to convince himself to do it, it just came naturally. Kakarot had earned his trust already, and had never broken it.

But, he couldn’t tell Kakarot about what had gotten him so worked up. Kakarot didn’t… He didn’t ‘get’ these things. He’d never understand his married rival having these… Thoughts about him.

“Vegeta…”

“Uh…” Vegeta clenched his eyes closed. He was so uncomfortable, so unwilling to have this conversation, that his nerves were starting to buzz all through his body, especially around his bladder. He was so anxious that it was making him need to pee… That was a new one, and it certainly wasn’t welcome.

“I won’t be made at ya, if that’s what you’re worried about,” Kakarot said. “Why would I get mad over something that happened in a dream?”

Vegeta exhaled slowly. He tapped his foot, trying to fend off the pressure forming in his abdomen. “Well… Um… First, I should explain some details about our home planet. How… How certain things worked there.”

Kakarot looked more confused, but he stayed quiet, allowing Vegeta to continue.

“N—Now, you see… Saiyans a—are naturally wired to seek out mates who challenge them. I’ve t—told you this before. But, in addition to that, it’s… It’s not really in our nature to be monogamous…”

“What’s mondo gust?”

“That’s… How relationships tend to function on Earth; an individual has only one partner at a time. But, Saiyans…”

“You mean Saiyans liked to marry more than one person?” Kakarot asked. “So, like, a Saiyan family could have two dads and one mom?”

That was probably the best way to get Kakarot to understand this concept. “Yes, that was possible. Although we didn’t have ‘marriages’ like you do on Earth. And, some Saiyans DID practice monogamy, but it was very rare. Saiyans tended to live in ‘packs’.”

“Did you have extra dads or moms?”

Vegeta shook his head. “No, the royal family was more… Selective. My parents were some of the few with a closed relationship between each other.” He cleared his throat, it felt painfully dry— Which was like an insult since his bladder was starting to ache more. “A—Additionally, Saiyans usually weren’t attracted to only one sex.”

“Yeah, I remember you saying that you were, like, into tentacle aliens or something before…”

“I— I was NOT into— It was a difficult time for me, alright?” Vegeta growled. “But, yes, I’ve never cared if someone was male, female, or… Something else. That’s how most Saiyans were.”

“Oh… What’s this all got to do with your dream, though?”

“I’m… I’m g—getting there…” Vegeta huffed. “O—One more thing…” He clenched up his thighs at a spasm from his bladder. This was going to be the hardest part; The part that might make something click for Kakarot, his nerves were squeezing around his middle. “Uh, so… Seeing as how Saiyans are inclined to mate with those who challenge them…”

“You like Bulma because she’s really smart and stuff,” Kakarot finished for him. “Right?”

“Right… But… It… It was… Not uncommon for Saiyans who were rivals to… Develop…. Uh…”

“You think of Bulma as a rival?” Kakarot asked. “I didn’t know that! Oh, have you tried learning to invent stuff too, so you can outdo her or something? What have you built? Let me see!”

Vegeta just stared at Kakarot for several seconds. He’d really thought it would be obvious where he was going with that. “No, Kakarot,” he said. “I don’t consider Bulma a rival.”

“Oh, then what do you mean?”

Vegeta bit down on the inside of his cheek. The pressure in his bladder intensified as it seemed to roll within him along with his stomach. He… He couldn’t just… Spell it right out. That would be impossible! “Um… Let me tell you about my parents; When they first met, they basically tried to kill one another. My mother was considered a low-class fighter, and my father was angered that Frieza had told him to train her. He was the king, and didn’t want to waste his valuable time on her.”

Kakarot nodded, but it was clear in his expression that he didn’t understand why Vegeta was talking about this.

“But, my mother surprised him by being incredibly powerful and skilled, having pushed herself throughout her life, surpassing her own limits time and time again. For the first time, my father was defeated in a fight. And, it made him furious. So, he made it his mission to beat her. Over the next several years, he dedicated himself to getting the upper hand on her, but she would continue to match him, and then some.

“A—And, over time, since she was the only person who could give him a challenge, my father became more… Enthralled by her. His fights with her were always satisfying, in spite of— or maybe because of— the fact that he didn’t always win. He began to enjoy her company…”

“Heh, that’s nice!” Kakarot smiled. “So, after that, they must have gotten together and had you, right?” He laughed. “It’s kind of funny, they sound just like us!”

Vegeta gave Kakarot another stare, waiting for the pin to drop.

It didn’t.

“So, why are you telling me about them, anyways? Are you just missing your family really bad today? It’s okay if you are, it isn’t weak to miss someone you love.”

Vegeta sighed, he gripped a hand over one of his bouncing knees. The walls of his bladder felt like they were stinging a little, irritated by the nervous twinges marring his body. “You know, Kakarot, I… I actually missed YOU for those seven years you spent in Other World.”

Kakarot smiled again. “I know you did, feels good to admit it, doesn’t it?”

He was as dense as a black hole, wasn’t he?

Why.

Why did it have to be Kakarot?

Vegeta was going to have to say it… Point blank. No room for interpretation. He suddenly felt like he was about to piss himself. His bladder was being squished, pushed back, unable to expand and contain the liquid that kept filling it. His opening was twitching, and he shoved his thighs together, pinning it shut.

He gave it one final try, hoping Kakarot would finally rub his two remaining brain-cells together and understand.

“Ugh… Kakarot… I’m… I’m telling you this because… You’re RIGHT, my parents DO sound a lot like us.”

Kakarot nodded, that stupid smile still on his face. “That’s what I was saying! They’re just like us, funny how that worked out! But, what’s that got to do with you moaning my name in your sleep?”

DAMMIT!

“Kakarot, you thick-skulled, witless clown! I am TRYING to tell you that I’m in love with you! What the FUCK do I have to say to get that into your vacuous, empty head?!”

“Huh?” Kakarot asked. “But… Why didn’t you just say that?”

“I was trying to explain how this TRAVESTY is even possible!” Vegeta said. “The uncontrollable factors at play that could lead ME to have such a feeling towards the likes of YOU.”

“… It can’t just be that you like me?” Kakarot suggested. “‘Cause, I’m pretty sure I just like you… I don’t need to have all this ‘Saiyan instinct’ stuff involved in it.”

Vegeta folded his arms, his legs rubbing with impossible to suppress urgency. “I don’t like you.”

“Um, Vegeta? You just said you love me.”

“That doesn’t mean I have to like you!”

“It sort of does…”

“Shut up.”

“So, I guess that dream you were freaking out over had us kissing?”

Vegeta barely held back his groan. “… Yes, Kakarot. It had us kissing.”

Kakarot shrugged. “Okay. Love you too, Vegeta.”

What?! No! He did NOT get to just… DO that! This was a big revelation! Surely Kakarot should need time to process it, to think it over! There was so much to consider! He did NOT get to just roll his shoulders and act like nothing huge had happened! He probably didn’t even MEAN that the way Vegeta did.

“Kakarot, I love you the way I love Bulma, alright? Not… Not the way I love fighting.”

Another shrug… Damn him. “Yeah, I know.”

“Then, why did you say—“

“Because I meant it,” Kakarot said. “I don’t get it… Why do you still look mad? Shouldn’t that make you happy?”

“You shouldn’t SAY that just to make me—“

“I didn’t!” It was Kakarot’s turn to groan. “Come on, Vegeta, I kinda thought you already knew I loved you… You’re making this into SUCH a big thing, but it isn’t.”

“We’re married. And you’re YOU.”

“Yeah, we’re married. But, I get it now. It’s okay for me to love you and Chi-Chi the same way because that’s what Saiyans do. So, I can actually say it out loud and not feel guilty anymore.”

Vegeta scowled. “WHAT?! How long have you—“

“Since the first time we fought,” Kakarot said. “Like I told you, I thought you knew. You gave me the best battle EVER! Why do you think I made Krillin spare you? I couldn’t just let someone who made me feel like THAT die, could I?”

“… You fell in love with me because we beat the shit out of each other to the point we both almost died,” Vegeta stated. Fuck, his throat was so dry… How could he feel so parched when his bladder was thrumming like this?

“At first, yeah. But then I got to know you more and I started loving other stuff about you,” Kakarot said. “You’re so grouchy and serious, it makes me laugh. And, you don’t give up, that’s really admirable!” He grinned. “Now, what’s your favorite stuff about me? Tell me!”

“Ugh… You… You calm me down, alright?” Vegeta huffed. “I don’t know why, but you just… Put me at ease sometimes. And, of course, you motivate me. You probably already knew that.”

Kakarot nodded. “Sure did! Ha, I’m so glad I don’t have to feel guilty about this anymore!”

“… You’re still going to have to tell Chi-Chi. If you’re serious.”

“I know,” Kakarot nodded. “I’m gonna, like you’re gonna tell Bulma.”

“Ugh, right, I have to tell her…”

“We can do that once we get back,” Kakarot said.

“You say that like it’s going to be simple.”

Kakarot shrugged, “Why wouldn’t it be? It’s just one sentence…”

“You’re not the least bit concerned about how she will react?” Vegeta asked. He imagined how Bulma would respond. She’d tease him at first, but then when she realized Vegeta couldn’t make the feelings go away… On Earth, he couldn’t have a ‘pack.’ That wasn’t allowed. He was going to have to choose. He could either stay with Bulma and never see Kakarot again, or he could stay with Kakarot and lose his family.

Kakarot frowned. “I kind of am… Will she be sad? Even though it’s… It’s like I just love both of you? It’s not like I wanna leave her. I’d never want that.”

“Most likely,” Vegeta said, he shifted his position, moving one leg out a little further so that he could tap his foot rapidly. His gaze kept moving towards the door to the bathroom and he had to continually force himself to look away. “This isn’t how things work on Earth. Your planet has its rules, and some of them don’t align with the nature of a Saiyan. This is one of them.”

“Should we NOT tell them?”

Vegeta shook his head. “That would be the worst decision we could make. I don’t know when this… This stupid feeling managed to force itself onto me, but it’s probably too late for me to be able to get rid of it. They need to be aware.”

“… Yeah, I don’t think I can make it go away, either,” Kakarot said. “I don’t even want to… I mean, I’ll try if I have to, I guess.”

Vegeta DID want to get rid of it. First of all, this was going to make everything so complicated. Second of all, it was KAKAROT. He was NEVER going to be able to get over that— That the sentence ‘I am in love with Kakarot’ was a statement of fact! It would be so much easier if he could find an off-switch for this, and never… Never have to feel that… Nice… warm… cozy… relaxing—

“I don’t know if I even want to get rid of it…” Vegeta admitted quietly. His foot stopped tapping so that he could cross his ankles together— That was the only reason his blush was spreading! He was just embarrassed by the squirming, that was all! “I can’t erase this… I’ve— I’ve tried to erase these sorts of feelings before, it doesn’t work. But, I can’t lose Bulma, either. Not again.”

“Maybe it’ll all work out,” Kakarot said. “She’s used to you spending lots of time with me, isn’t she?”

“This is VERY different, Kakarot. Idiot…” Vegeta groaned. His bladder pulsed in frustration, angry at him for ignoring it. His middle was tingling with electric bolts of discomfort. He had to tense his thighs before he could resume speaking. “Alright, here’s…. Here’s how it’s gonna have to be; We are not going to touch each other, unless we’re fighting, until AFTER we’ve told Bulma and Chi-Chi. Then, it will depend on what they say. That means the only reason you’ll be putting your hands on me is if you’re punching me.”

“But, Vegeta,” Goku said. “What about your massages? You still need those.” Looking Vegeta over, Goku thought he’d be needing them more than ever now. He knew Vegeta still hadn’t relieved himself yet today, which would account for some of his twitching, but not all of it. “I wasn’t even able to finish the one earlier.”

“We’ll be skipping those,” Vegeta said. “Right now, I think having you… Having you touch me that way will just give me MORE knots, rather than remove them. And, depending upon Bulma and Chi-Chi’s reactions, we may have to stop doing this… ‘massage’ thing permanently.”

Goku felt his eyes go wide at that. “But, you NEED them,” he reminded. “Your shoulder gets SO bad otherwise, and I don’t think anyone else can do it. If you went to a massage place and asked a human to do it, they’d probably break their hands trying!”

“I lived with that knot in my shoulder for years, constantly getting worse,” Vegeta pointed out. “For the most part, it was able to fade into the background until the first time you removed it. I can grow used to it again, if necessary.”

Goku frowned. He didn’t like that one bit. The awful knot getting all gnarled and angry once more, never to be soothed again. “I hope they’ll at least say that the massages are still alright.”

Vegeta turned away. He hoped for the same thing. Because, just like he could no longer understand how he’d survived for so long constantly dehydrating himself, he also couldn’t grasp how he’d managed to put up with that arm pain through most of his life. He was getting way too used to these basic comforts he’d always been denied. Losing them again sounded like Hell.

“I think everything’ll be okay,” Kakarot said, optimistic as ever. “After we talk to them, and they say it’s okay, can I give you a really big hug? Please?”

Vegeta tensed. Hugging Kakarot… Being clasped in that oaf’s arms and squeezed tightly… What if someone saw?! “Only if I decide you’ve earned it.”

“How do I do that?”

“I don’t know, I’ll figure it out,” Vegeta said. “One step at a time, got it? For now, just keep your hands to yourself unless we’re sparring. Can you do that?”

“Yeah, Vegeta,” Kakarot said.

“Great,” Vegeta jumped to his feet, wincing against the intense cramping that flared inside of him as a result. “Now… Now… Um… Stay there so that I can feel your chi while I get ready.”

Kakarot nodded. “No problem. You can do this! We’ll tell Whis as soon as you’re done, I’m still SO proud of you, by the way.”

Vegeta’s valve loosened instantly, and he had to keep a hand against himself as he hurried to the bathroom. He unzipped without a second to spare— For the first time ever, he was peeing as soon as he was in the correct spot. He didn’t have to force it or fight with it. It just happened. Like it was supposed to. The awful cold feeling didn’t have a chance to emerge, already cancelled out by the warm, soothing one.

Stupid Kakarot…

***

Soon, the two were standing in front of Whis. Vegeta nervously stayed at Kakarot’s side, trying to calm down the embarrassed, nervous heat that was rising up his neck.

“Whis,” Goku said. “I have to ask you about something before we start anything today.”

“What is it this time?” Whis prompted.

“Okay,” Goku said. “There’s this thing that’s been bugging Vegeta, and it’s getting in the way of his training. I don’t think you’ve really been able to see his full potential yet.”

Whis was intrigued, at least. “Oh, is that so? He has more power than what I have witnessed?”

Goku nodded. “Yeah! And, that whole ‘overthinking’ thing ya brought up; The thing that’s bothering him makes it REALLY hard to concentrate, so I bet that’s part of the issue.” He glanced back over at Vegeta, still awkwardly standing there. He was still blushing, but he didn’t look any redder than he had a moment ago. Goku took that as a sign he was doing this correctly.

“I see… So what do you think is causing the disruption?”

“Well… First, this thing’s very embarrassing for Vegeta. So, no laughing.”

Whis sighed. “I’m sure whatever it is won’t be that amusing…”

“It isn’t,” Goku agreed. There was NOTHING amusing about watching Vegeta’s body torture itself. “But still, never tease him.” Goku hesitated, he couldn’t stall this any longer. “Vegeta has this thingy called, um…” Goku furrowed his brow. He tried to remember what Bulma told him Vegeta’s condition was called. “… Pertussis.”

Whis looked surprised. “Well, that WOULD get in the way of his training. How long has he had this?”

“Um… A while,” Goku said.

“… Huh, and yet I’ve rarely heard him cough… Well, he shouldn’t be training now, and I suppose I’ll need to take a trip to Earth to retrieve antibiotics. You two should also stay in separate rooms for now, his issue is very contagious. I’m surprised you haven’t already caught it.”

Goku frowned. What?! It wasn’t contagious at all, he’d been around Vegeta for YEARS and had never caught it! Why did they have to be kept apart now? And, why did it mean that Vegeta couldn’t train anymore?! He’d ALWAYS reminded his friend that his problem didn’t make him weak or a bad fighter! In confusion, he looked back at Vegeta, whom was now glaring at him. “Vegeta, I don’t—“

Vegeta groaned. “PARURESIS, you idiot! The word you are looking for is Paruresis. PERTUSSIS is Whooping Cough.”

Goku grinned, relieved. No wonder Whis thought Vegeta was contagious! “Ohhhh. Sorry, buddy.”

“Moron…”

“… Paruresis,” Whis repeated. “I’m afraid I’ve never heard of that one. But, if Vegeta is ill, then everything I said before is still applicable.”

“It’s not— Um, it’s not that kind of disease,” Goku said. “I can’t catch it from him. And, he’s had it since he was a little kid I think, right Vegeta?”

Vegeta reluctantly nodded.

“Yeah, he’s had it a really long time, and it doesn’t mean he can’t train anymore, it just gets in the way.”

“And what is ‘it’, exactly?”

Goku had been hoping he wouldn’t have to explain too much, that Whis would hear the name and know what it meant. “It… Um… It means Vegeta can only… Uh… ‘go’ when he has enough privacy. So, for now, that means he can only do it in our room… Or, I think he brought this special capsule he can use, too. But he’s gotta have enough space to open that up.”

“I’m sorry… What? ‘Go’? ‘Capsule’?”

“You know, those capsules Bulma’s family makes, that you can fit stuff inside of. Bulma made one for Vegeta with a place for him to go privately.”

“Go WHERE,” Whis asked.

Vegeta was beginning to regret asking Kakarot to do this. It was taking too long, he’d wanted this over and done with as fast as possible. He tried to speak up. “To… Um… To… Well… I mean…”

“To pee,” Goku said. “Vegeta needs to have enough privacy before he can pee. And, like I said, he can only do it in our room or with his capsule while he’s here. So, he’s only been able to pee twice a day ever since he got here, and it’s been making him really uncomfortable.”

Whis sighed. “… That was not what I expected, I must admit.” He turned to Vegeta. “It’s been six months, did you not think you ought to tell me before now?”

“I—“

“He’s tried,” Goku cut in. “But, like I said, it embarrasses him a lot, so it’s hard for him to talk about it. Now you know, so all you gotta do is let Vegeta go to our room sometimes, okay?”

Whis gave Goku a withering look. “That would take quite a bit more time than simply having him relieve himself out in the field, or inside one of the closer restrooms.”

Goku bit down on his lip. Oh no, this wasn’t working… “Y—Yeah, but this isn’t something Vegeta can just turn off. I mean, it’s not like Vegeta just PREFERS to have extra privacy, it’s like he PHYSICALLY can’t go otherwise, and it hurts really bad. Trust me, I’ve kinda been able to feel it before when we’ve been fused— Let me tell you, it’s awful! You feel it all the way up to your back sometimes, and it’s like you’ve been set on fire from the insi—“

“Kakarot!” Vegeta hissed sharply. “Not so many details!”

Goku nervously rubbed the back of his neck. “Eheh… Um, besides, Vegeta can run REAL fast. It’ll only be an extra minute or two, and then Vegeta will be way more focused.”

“… I suppose, if it REALLY can’t be helped…” Whis decided. “I’ll allow it.”

“Awesome!” Goku said. “How’s that sound, Vegeta?”

Vegeta was still blushing like mad, but his shoulders had sagged ever so slightly. “Better,” he said. ‘And stop smiling at me like that, Kakarot…’ His stupid grin was pissing him off again— Because of how it WASN’T pissing him off, and was instead making him feel warmer.

He should tell Kakarot not to SMILE at him until after they’d talked to Bulma and Chi-Chi, either.

*022*2025-01-13 22:44

Gohan had really been hopeful that his urinary issue would be resolved by the time his daughter was born, but he couldn’t be so lucky. Ever since he’d graduated from school and moved out of his parents’ home, he’d been managing it to the best of his ability.

He and Videl had gotten married, and he’d utterly killed the mood of their wedding night when he’d needed to ask her right away for permission to relieve himself. He couldn’t help it. He knew that there were other, much more romantic things he should have been asking for, but he’d held his bladder through the entire ceremony and was absolutely going to burst if he tried to wait any longer.

After he’d relieved himself, he spent the next several minutes apologizing to her. She’d teased him a little, as he’d expected, but she’d also scolded him for not asking sooner.

“I—In the middle of the wedding…?” Gohan blushed at the thought.

“Gotta be better than holding it all day, right?” Videl said.

‘Holding it all day’ became a more common occurrence after Gohan began his new life. Sometimes, Videl would go somewhere without him, and if his bladder started to ache while she was away, he wouldn’t be able to release it no matter how hard he tried. Sometimes, he would go somewhere without Videl, and the same thing would happen. He never realized how helpful it was that Goten had always tagged along on his outings back when he’d lived at home.

There came a day a couple of months ago, where Videl was out at her father’s place for way too long, and Gohan finally broke down under the crushing weight of overwhelming desperation. Much to his shame, he’d ended up grabbing the phone. He tried calling Videl first, but she and Hercule must have been busy with something, because she didn’t pick up.

Which meant he would have to call his parents.

He recalled the humiliation he’d felt that day with Piccolo, when he’d just IMAGINED that he may end up needing to do this eventually. Now, it was actually happening. He still hadn’t actually EXPLAINED his bladder issue to either of his parents. It was just such a bizarre situation that he didn’t know how to break it down for them. And, besides that, he hadn’t wanted to worry either one of them. He’d been content to let them both think his habit of always asking for permission was just out of politeness, or a ‘game’ he and Goten sometimes played.

Calling them and begging to be allowed to pee was going to shatter that illusion; They’d realize something more had to be going on.

He hesitated for several seconds before dialing the number. His knees bounced, his ankles crossed, he slumped over his desk and gritted his teeth, trying to convince himself he didn’t have to go THAT bad. But, there was no fooling his body, it was full to capacity.

One hand gripping his crotch, he anxiously punched in the number. Maybe Goten would be the one to answer, and he wouldn’t think anything of it, he’d just think Gohan was just playing with him again…

“Hey,” it was Dad.

Gohan bit his lip, shifting in his seat. Dad was going to be so confused, and Gohan had no idea how he’d answer the inevitable questions. “H—Hey, Dad… I… I n—need to ask you something… It’s kind of weird, though.”

“What is it? I was just about to call you, actually. Do you know where Vegeta’s been lately? Bulma won’t say, and nobody else knows. I can’t even sense his energy, and I’ve been trying!”

Why would Gohan know THAT? Dad was the one who hung around with him all the time. It HAD been a while since Gohan had last seen him, now that he thought about it. “N—No idea,” Gohan said. “But—“ His bladder shuddered sharply and his knees banged together beneath his desk.

“Aw,” Dad sounded disappointed. “I miss fighting him real bad…”

“S—Sorry,” Gohan choked out, the pressure radiating through his body was practically strangling him. “Um, yeah, like I said, this is really weird, but I need you to do something for me.”

“Oh, right,” Dad said. “What’s wrong? You sound like you’re hurt.”

Gohan took in a sharp, deep breath, which only made the aches in his middle hurt so much worse. He just had to hope Dad wouldn’t question this, but he knew he would. Even Dad would be perplexed as to why his adult son was calling him out of the blue to plead for a bathroom break. “I— I— Could you… Please tell me that I’m allowed to pee?”

“Ohhh,” Dad… Didn’t sound shocked at all. Which meant Gohan was the only one who felt surprised. “Thanks for calling me!”

“Um— Wha—“

“Vegeta told me about your thing,” Dad said. “And, I was all worried you just didn’t trust me enough to say you needed help or something. But, now you ARE asking, so I guess everything’s fine!”

“He told y— He REMEMBERED that?” Gohan asked. He’d always figured that Vegeta was too self-centered to keep track of the little details about other people, unless they somehow directly affected him. He’d assumed the only exceptions to that would be Vegeta’s family and— maybe— Dad.

“Yeah,” Dad said. “He told me about it a while ago, then later he said Piccolo came and talked to HIM about it instead of me… Why didn’t you ever tell me? You know I’ll look out for ya, right?”

Gohan fidgeted more harshly. He wished Dad would hurry up and just give him permission. His insides were starting to feel tangled up and bloated. “I… I didn’t realize how big of a problem it even was until after Cell when you were… A—Anyway, I n—never told you or Mom because I didn’t want to stress you out. I was hoping it would eventually go away on its own, but…” He audibly cringed as another bolt of ferocious need tore through him. “Nnnh… It hasn’t…”

“It wasn’t ‘cause you thought I… Um… Wouldn’t be there for you, or…”

This was new… Gohan had never imagined his father felt guilty over any of the times he’d left in the past. Gohan had never imagined he thought much about it at all, he just popped in and out of people’s lives as he pleased. Gohan had certainly never tried to make him FEEL guilty…

‘Please, please just say I can pee, Dad!’ Gohan’s water-logged mind screamed. But, it was almost like his father needed reassurance from him, and that was so unlike anything he’d ever expected that he couldn’t deny him. Gohan wriggled some more, his ankles crossing again. “The times you were gone the longest, y—you couldn’t really control that. You were kinda dead… But, I… I know you’ll always come back t—to me. I’ve always kn—known that; You died trying to save me from your brother, a—and even then you still came back to save me from Vegeta’s friend. O—Of course I know y—you’re gonna be there for me.”

Dad sighed, “Phew, that’s a relief! I was scared you were keeping secrets ‘cause you don’t trust me, or—“

“Dad,” Gohan tried to control the pitch of his voice as it threatened to turn into a whine. “Sp—Speaking of relief, could you PLEASE—“

“Oh, right! Sorry!” Dad exclaimed. “Yeah, go ahead and pee now, Gohan! You don’t have to hold it anymore!”

Finally, Gohan was able to bolt off to the restroom for a much needed pee.

Months had passed since then, Dad had learned of Vegeta’s whereabouts and gone off to train with him, Gohan’s daughter Pan had been born, and Gohan STILL couldn’t pee unless he’d heard someone tell him that it was okay.

Piccolo was coming over often, both to spend time with Pan and to try and reverse Gohan’s problem. Piccolo had mistakenly assumed that it would be simple. He’d hoped that if Gohan just heard “You’re always allowed to relieve yourself whenever you want, Gohan,” in HIS voice a few times, that would undo everything.

For a bit, it looked like it actually would resolve the situation. Gohan was able to pee twice on his own while Piccolo was still at the house. It was only after Piccolo LEFT at the end of the day that the issue re-emerged, the same as it had always been. Gohan was up half the night, struggling to unclench his bladder. It wasn’t until Videl was woken up by Pan’s crying that he was finally able to get the permission his body had decided it needed once again.

So, Piccolo tried to think of a way to reinforce the message. He found some of the baby books Chi-Chi had brought over for Pan and, to his surprise, there were sections on ‘toilet training’. That was what Gohan needed, right? Sounded like it, anyway. Piccolo had improperly ‘toilet trained’ him, so now he just had to do it again exactly how the books said to.

The next weekend, Piccolo came over to Gohan’s house, as usual. He spoke to Gohan and Videl, as usual. He spent time with Pan, as usual. However, this time, he had brought a few supplies. And, as he took them out, Gohan and Videl looked more and more confused.

He’d gotten the sticker-chart the books had recommended, as well as a dedicated timer to remind Gohan to try to relieve himself at regular intervals. The books had all recommended getting specific training toilets, but when Piccolo saw what they looked like and remembered how Gohan urinated, he struggled to imagine how Gohan would successfully aim his stream at such a small target. So, he’d skipped that.

“Um…” Videl said. “Pan’s still just a baby, you know?”

“I’m aware,” Piccolo said. “Your kind matures slower than Namekians, so she’ll be small for quite a while.”

“Er, well,” Gohan said. “That means it’s… A little too SOON for this stuff, Piccolo. Pan definitely can’t control those muscles yet… Not to mention, she doesn’t have the dexterity required to move her clothing… Or the ability to speak and communicate her needs. She’s gonna need a lot more time before we even start thinking about this.”

“It’s not for Pan,” Piccolo said.

More confusion.

“Goten’s already got the hang of all that,” Gohan said. He frowned. “Did he… Um… Get the sheets wet when you had him in the time chamber? That only happens once or twice a year. You don’t have to worry, he’s growing out of it.”

“It’s for you,” Piccolo informed. “So that you’ll be able to release your water correctly.”

Silence fell over the room, until it was broken up by a snort, and then a giggle, and then uproarious laughter as Videl doubled over, clutching at her sides.

Gohan opened his mouth a few times, as if preparing to speak, but no words came out. His face turned darker and darker shades of red.

Piccolo watched, uncertain. “I retrieved most of the supplies Pan’s book recommended for this task. I skipped the training toilet and step stool since Gohan is too tall to need them. But, I got the reward chart, the timer so that he knows to try often… I spoke with the attendant at the store, and she said it would be helpful if he has something to do while he’s trying to go, so I got him some new books, I know he enjoys those…”

Videl could hardly breathe, so it took a great deal of effort for her to gasp out; “You… Spoke with the… And did you TELL this person EXACTLY what you’re doing here?”

“… I told her I am trying to toilet train someone important to me,” Piccolo said. “She seemed understanding… Though, now that I think about it, she was a little surprised when she saw what type of books I was selecting for him. Unsure why that was.”

“Because she was probably picturing a toddler,” Videl snickered. “NOT a full-grown man with a genius-level IQ…”

Gohan finally managed to find his voice again. “P—Piccolo… Uh… I’m not… This is… I mean… Wha— What exactly are you planning here?”

“I’m going to follow the directions given in the books your mother brought over for Pan,” Piccolo explained. “Which will hopefully reset whatever is causing your mind and body to work out of sync with each other.”

Gohan’s blush spread all the way down his neck. “Um.. I just— But—“ He winced and turned to his wife. “V—Videl, help me out here…”

“M—Maybe this will work,” Videl suggested, her voice cracking as she fought with all her might to restrain her laughter. “It’s w—worth a try at least, isn’t it?”

Gohan’s eyes widened. “But—“

“It IS worth a try,” Piccolo said. “Perhaps if it works, I could advise Bulma to use this method to assist Vegeta as well.”

Videl finally DID collapse, laughing so hard that her entire body was shaking and tears sprang in the corners of her eyes. “I— I— Just— I— Ev—Everything hurts!” She exclaimed. “I’m g—gonna pass out!”

Piccolo continued to watch her in confusion. “Why is this so amusing? You do want Gohan to get better, right?”

“O—Of course I do!” Videl cried. “Go— Go ahead and— And try to help him g—get better!”

Gohan frowned down at her. “Thanks for your help…” he mumbled.

***

Gohan awkwardly sat beside Piccolo in the living room. He wished he could just work up the nerve to TELL Piccolo exactly what he thought of this idea. That being, that it was the worst, most embarrassing thing he could imagine; So humiliating, in fact, that he would rather carry on needing permission to pee for the rest of his life than go through with this.

But, any time he thought about saying it, he felt a twisting in his chest. He didn’t want to make Piccolo feel bad when he was genuinely trying to help. This was just one of those moments where he was REALLY being reminded of the fact that Piccolo was a different species.

Piccolo had a different physiology, he had no first-hand experience with the bodily function Gohan was struggling with. Piccolo’s understanding of Earth’s culture came from what he’d actually SEEN; the concept of ‘toilet training’ an adult didn’t strike him as weird, nor did he realize how mortifying of an experience it would be for Gohan.

He was sure Piccolo HAD noticed that he was feeling embarrassed, his face hadn’t stopped burning since the moment he’d found out what the Namekian was planning. Namekians didn’t blush— at least not visibly— but Piccolo knew what it meant when Gohan’s cheeks turned pink.

Gohan tried to convince himself it wouldn’t be so bad. If Piccolo followed those books’ directions EXACTLY, he was going to think he was supposed to treat Gohan like a toddler. But, Piccolo had been around Gohan when he actually WAS a toddler. Gohan had been very mature for his age back then, and Piccolo had treated him as if he was much older. So, there was a chance this wasn’t going to be AS humiliating as he feared it to be.

“The books said I have to make sure you’re wearing clothing that is easy to move off and on,” Piccolo said. “Are you?”

This was going to be even WORSE than he was imagining it.

“Eheh, um… Piccolo,” Gohan said. “The books said that because toddlers haven’t developed fine motor skills yet, so you can’t expect them to know how to deal with buttons or zippers. Th—That’s not really a concern for me. You don’t have to follow EVERYTHING, you know?”

“Oh,” Piccolo said. “I DID wonder why it mentioned that… I guess you’re right, it doesn’t apply much to you.”

Gohan tried to relax. At least Piccolo was open to being corrected. Gohan had a feeling he was going to be doing a LOT of that today.

“It also said I should demonstrate for you,” Piccolo said. “But, I’m unsure how I would go about doing that, considering… I suppose I could hold a water bottle in front of myself and pour it out… Should I make the sighing noise as well?”

“A—Also not necessary!” Gohan exclaimed. “A—Again, that’s because… Um… Toddlers mimic their elders, but I’m NOT a toddler, and I— I’m fully capable of using a toilet.”

“Not exactly, you still require added assistance,” Piccolo reminded.

“Th—That’s different,” Gohan said. If he blushed any harder, the rest of his body was going to break down thanks to the lack of adequate blood-flow.

“And, this part struck me as odd, but it said you should go bottomless some of the time? What was that abou—“

“N—NOPE!” Gohan exclaimed, his voice cracking in a way it hadn’t since he was twelve. He wished he had followed his father to Beerus’s planet! He’d train until his arms felt like they were gonna fall off, if it meant that he didn’t have to be right here, right now, having this conversation.“Not— Nope! No! Not doing that! Not necessary!”

“I’m not sure why it suggested that…”

“B—Because it w—would make it easier for a t—toddler to notice when they h—have an accident,” Gohan mumbled. “B—But, I don’t— I don’t have accidents a—at my age, and even if I did, I’d b—be very aware!”

“… I thought you released water onto yourself when we were all brought back to life after Buu destroyed the Earth.”

Gohan cringed at the memory. One second, he was realizing that he was alive again. The next, he was registering a very intense need for a bathroom. And then, before he had even processed those first two things, he was drenching himself. The only thing that made him feel better about that was how most of the people around him experienced the same thing. “Th—That was an effect of being revived, it doesn’t… It doesn’t count. I—It even happened to my Dad the first time, too.”

“I see…” Piccolo said. “Well then, I guess we’ll mostly be using the timer. Try to go each time it rings.” He placed it onto the coffee table.

Gohan groaned. The design of the timer was overly cutesie… All bright and colorful and adorned with cartoonish dinosaurs. It wouldn’t look out of place in Pan’s nursery. ‘At least you can re-use this once Pan’s older…’ he thought.

He had significant doubts that this would fix anything. In fact, he could easily see it giving him a whole NEW complex; Only able to pee if he heard whatever sound this timer made. Worse still, he could develop a Pavlovian response in which he always suddenly really NEEDED to go whenever he heard specific noises.

Videl entered the living room, having finally calmed down enough from her laughing fit. Gohan was glad she hadn’t been around for THAT whole conversation. “So, how is this going?” She asked. “I should probably watch— It will help me know what to do when it’s Pan’s turn.”

Gohan swallowed hard. “I would prefer not to be observed…”

The timer went off, with a quick few chimes.

Gohan realized he did have a slight urge to relieve himself. He bit back another groan. “May I…?”

Piccolo just looked at him, saying nothing.

“Piccolo?” Gohan sighed. “May I?”

More silence.

He turned to Videl. “May I?”

Videl didn’t respond, instead shooting a glance at Piccolo before nodding slightly.

Okay, great. So, that was how they were going to do this… Gohan stood up and headed to the restroom. His bladder, having NOT been granted permission, refused to ease once he’d unzipped himself. He tried, though he knew it wouldn’t happen. He rubbed a hand over his middle, dancing his fingers lightly along the skin covering his bladder, but the stream failed to materialize.

He didn’t have to go that badly, but since he knew this was going to last ALL day, he was a bit wary. Piccolo and Videl weren’t going to use his trigger-phrase. Dad was on Beerus’s planet, so Gohan couldn’t call him to ask for it. He was just going to get fuller and fuller until one of them took pity on him.

Or, until he…

Gohan had lied earlier, he HAD had a few accidents at his age. When he failed to obtain permission from anyone for too long, his bladder WOULD overflow. But, when he wet himself, the release was slow and hesitant. His body still refused to let go all of the way without the assurance that it was allowed to. So, once he finally popped, it would happen in slow trickles broken up by occasional hard gushes. The only thing more embarrassing than wetting himself at all was how long it always took for the accident to finish.

They wouldn’t make him wait until he exploded, would they?

He left the restroom, his bladder no emptier than it had been when he’d entered.

“Thank you for trying,” Piccolo said. “Good job.”

Gohan’s blush returned. “What are you—“

“The books said I should praise you for each attempt, even if it’s not successful.”

Gohan looked at the timer again. He wished it had a regular clock on it as well, so that he could count down the hours until this day was finally over.

When he heard Pan start to cry, he leaped to his feet in order to tend to her, eager for an excuse to leave.

***

The alarm had gone off two more times, and Gohan had made two more unsuccessful tries to relieve himself. The last failed attempt had been particularly frustrating, as he was now feeling the need quite intensely. He’d stood in front of the toilet for ages, picturing rivers, oceans, waterfalls… Anything he could think of to get his stream flowing. None of it worked, none of it ever worked. The only thing that worked was verbal permission, and neither Piccolo nor Videl were giving it to him.

He tried sitting down instead, reading one of the books Piccolo had gotten him. He was thankful that Piccolo had picked some out that he actually liked, reading material was one thing he could always count on Piccolo to get right.

His bladder was one thing Gohan could always count on Piccolo to get WRONG, though.

He reminded himself again and again that Piccolo was trying to help him out today. Piccolo felt bad about his first mistake that had caused Gohan’s problem to develop, and he was really giving it his best effort to resolve it. But, this just wasn’t working.

Gohan squirmed as he tried to focus on his book, feeling a bit silly for doing so. He was on a toilet, if he suddenly started to leak, that would be fine. More than fine, even. It would be the best thing possible! His middle was cramping with the need for release, and even a short dribble would do wonders towards helping him feel better. Just a drop would be amazing.

But, the contents of his bladder refused to budge. The book was failing to distract him. It couldn’t take his mind off his urge, nor the fact that he hadn’t been directly TOLD he was allowed to alleviate it. The feeling of the toilet seat beneath himself made his bladder thrash harder with cruel, lurching spasms. Each time a pang reached his peak, he was certain it was going to end with an eruption of liquid from his opening. Each time, this didn’t happen, and the feeling of ALMOST letting go retreated back into the throbbing, straining misery of his bladder once again.

He finally gave up on the endeavor, and when he returned to the living room where Piccolo and Videl were still waiting, he felt his chi spike at Piccolo’s words. “Good job trying,” he praised. “We’ll do it again in a little while.”

That was what the parenting books said to do each time a toddler sat on the potty with no results. But, Gohan assumed, when that happened to an actual toddler, it was because they didn’t actually NEED to go at the time. But, the parent still had to reinforce that they needed to keep ‘trying’ regularly, just in case, since they still hadn’t learned to recognize their bodies signals. The difference here— Beyond the fact that Gohan WASN’T two years old— was that he KNEW what all his body’s signals meant already, and right now they were screaming at him that he really, REALLY had to pee.

He couldn’t even stand still, but all the uncontrollable shifting he was doing was having the opposite effect from what he wanted. Instead of calming down his bladder, the squirming was sloshing up its contents, the delicate walls scorching hot with irritation. The rest of him was irritated, too. “Piccolo, I… Um… I need to go soon, alright? Really, really soon?” His voice sounded tinny and small, similar to how it had been in the woods all those years ago; The times when he’d had too much water and thought that he couldn’t make it much longer, so he’d tried to plead with Piccolo to grant him his break earlier than usual. Piccolo never gave in.

He didn’t give in NOW, either. He just reset the timer, and placed it back down on the coffee table. “You’re doing well, Gohan,” he reiterated. “I’m very happy with you for trying.”

Gohan barely bit back a whimper as his insides felt like they were twisting. He nearly grabbed at himself, but stopped just shy of making contact, his hand resting itself over his abdomen instead, feeling the taut, stretched skin there. He flinched, the light touch of his palm sending his bladder into awful convulsions again. He turned to his other side, gritting out; “V—Videl, I’m… Really uncomfortable. I h—haven’t gone for a long time, you know?”

“We’re both proud of you for trying, Gohan,” Videl smiled. “Keep it up.”

They weren’t going to say it. He felt sweat trickling off his brow and pouring down his back, couldn’t stop hopping from one foot to the other, and was dangerously close to holding his crotch, but neither one of them was taking pity on him. Neither one of them would give him what he so badly needed. Still, he persisted. “I mean it, I really need to go. Can I? Please?” Sometimes at school, Videl had teased him and forced him to wait a little longer before she’d let him go, but she’d relent once he’d let himself beg.

It didn’t work this time. “I don’t know, can you?”

Gohan’s chi started to fizz again. No, as a matter of fact, he COULDN’T. He’d just spent ten minutes trying! “Videl…”

Videl didn’t respond, but her gaze shifted to Piccolo, and Gohan caught a flicker of anxiety in her expression.

By the time the alarm went off again, Gohan seriously felt like he was going to lose it. His need had reached a critical level and his legs had tangled themselves into a knot as he rocked urgently from side to side on the couch. The sound of the alarm ringing made him jump, and he actually lost a quick spurt of pee. Rather than horror and humiliation, he actually felt a shred of hope; Something had finally been jostled loose from his uncooperative, nervous bladder.

One hand over his crotch, he stumbled back into the restroom, quickly unzipping and begging himself to let the rest out. He’d let go of a small squirt of liquid without even meaning to, the rest ought to come pouring out now that he was actually ready! It was only logical!

His bladder did not operate itself ‘logically’ though. It did whatever it wanted, no matter how nonsensical it was. Now that he was standing there, aiming at the toilet once again, nothing was happening. He strained and rubbed his hand gently along the sore flesh of his abdomen, feeling his insides tingle with urgency. A droplet collected on his tip and slowly plinked into the bowl. It brought him not even the tiniest hint of relief, and just made his opening feel tender with painful stings.

He bounced up and down on the balls of his feet, as if he could somehow shake all of the piss loose from his body. He reached over and cranked on the sink, the thunderous flow of water clobbering against his overflowing bladder and making it feel more wretchedly heavy than ever. Another tiny drip managed to squeeze its way out, then another several seconds later.

Was this how it was going to have to be? Was he going to have to stay here for… At least half an hour as his bladder drained itself drop by drop? Never actually feeling any relief, just endless, vicious teasing? His distress mounted, miserable with urgency. He needed it all to come blasting out, spilling with wild, reckless abandon and leaving him panting. He felt like a fire-hose was about to go off from within him, a huge explosion of liquid that he couldn’t control, yet every time it tried to burst forth, it just slammed up against an impenetrable wall, making him whimper from the lurching agony.

After another minute had passed and no more drips had trickled from him, Gohan zipped himself back up with a particularly anguished moan. He couldn’t take this much longer! His chi was still frothing, threatening to make him lose control and give himself over to the frustration. His bladder was folding in on itself, making him dance around on the spot, hands clutching between his legs just to soothe the aches a tiny bit. His whole length hurt from the ocean of liquid that refused to finish pumping through it.

He basically limped back to the living room. Videl was beside Piccolo again, now with Pan in her arms. He wished she could speak. She was still too young to say her first words, according to everything Gohan had read. But, Pan was a Saiyan, maybe she’d develop the ability a little faster. Maybe she’d be the youngest baby ever to speak in complete sentences once she saw how much he was hurting, and she’d babble out the permission he needed.

But, no. When Gohan sat on the couch, squirming with his hands still pushed against his crotch, Pan was looking at him, but she just giggled.

“I know,” Videl cooed. “Your daddy’s making lots of funny faces, isn’t he?”

“Videl…” Gohan strained. “It h—hurts…”

“Gohan,” Videl said, furrowing her brow. “Um… I guess, you c—“

“Thank you for trying,” Piccolo interrupted, shooting Videl a sharp look as he reset the timer. “Good job.”

Gohan trembled. Sweat was getting in his eyes now, burning them and causing him to tear up. Or maybe it was the horror surging through his middle that was making him cry. He couldn’t move his hands from between his quivering thighs to wipe the tears away, it would be too painful. Videl had almost… He’d been so close to being able to…

“Pic—Piccolo, this isn’t w—working,” Gohan said. “Please?”

Piccolo’s eyes scanned over Gohan’s overflowing, spasming body. He sucked in a breath, closing his eyes for several seconds. “… We will try again later,” he said at last.

But, Gohan was exploding NOW. He needed permission NOW. “I h—haven’t used the bathroom all day,” he reminded, feeling every hour of that stretching out his bladder.

“But, you’ve tried every time you were supposed to,” Piccolo said. “I’m proud of you.” He hesitated. “There was another step the books all recommended… What to do if you’ve tried multiple times without results.”

Gohan really didn’t like the sound of that. How embarrassing was this going to be? Would it be even worse than using a pastel toilet-timer and then being congratulated each time he failed to relieve himself? “What?”

“It said I should give you extra drinks,” Piccolo explained.

Ah! No! That was the LAST thing Gohan needed! His bladder couldn’t FIT any more liquid in! Yes, that would be a perfectly reasonable thing to do with a toddler that was actually being toilet trained; More fluids meant more chances for success. It would NOT be reasonable here! Gohan was filled to capacity already! And, it didn’t matter how much was in him, it still wasn’t going to come out! He shook his head. “N—Not a good idea!”

Videl frowned. “Right, I don’t think he needs more to drink,” she said.

Finally, she was trying to help. Could she give him permission now, too?! Please?!

“I want to try everything,” Piccolo said. “Just so I’m sure I’ve exhausted every option.”

“Piccolo, I’ll burst if I have any more,” Gohan mumbled, flashing back to the woods again; Piccolo reminding him to hydrate between sparring sessions, when he already needed a bathroom break crazily bad.

“I am not doing this to be cruel,” Piccolo said. “I am trying every method I can think of to help you.”

This wasn’t going to help! It was going to make Gohan’s bladder tear him limb from limb! One more drop, and the pressure would move so far beyond his pain threshold that he’d feel like he was dying! “But—“

“We’re going to try one glass of water before your next attempt,” Piccolo told him.

Gohan whimpered as Piccolo went to the kitchen to pour it. Just the sound of the glass filling up had him doubling over, looking up at Videl with the most pitiful, tearful, pleading expression he could possibly give her.

Pan giggled at his ‘funny faces’ again, and Videl placed a hand onto his shoulder. “Gohan… I think this has gone on long enough now. You c—“

“Drink up,” Piccolo interrupted, shoving a full glass of water into Gohan’s shaky grasp and drawing another whimper from him. Gohan forced the glass to his lips and pretended to take a sip, but Piccolo saw right through that. “Actually drink, Gohan.”

Gohan struggled to part his lips enough to let the water into his mouth. It wet his tongue, making him realize that he actually WAS quite thirsty, but when he swallowed it down, it felt like it went straight to his bladder. He knew that wasn’t possible, that his body needed time to actually process it, but his middle spasmed and wailed with new, intense urgency every time he swallowed a mouthful of water. His body was protesting, begging him to stop. He was too full already, he couldn’t cram anything else into himself. It was too much…

He passed the empty glass back to Piccolo. “That’s good, Gohan,” Piccolo smiled. “Thank you. You’re doing a good job so far.”

Gohan barely heard his words, too busy curling himself back up into a twitching, shuddering, needy ball on the couch. He squeezed himself so tight that it hurt, but he couldn’t ease his grip because THAT hurt, too. Everything just… Hurt so much.

The timer went off again, startling Gohan just like before. This time, it prompted a longer, more substantial leak, which was the first time he’d felt any semblance of relief all day. He actually sighed as a tiny knot of the pressure burst apart and unwound, no longer tormenting him. The leak stopped after a couple seconds, which actually disappointed him. He was beyond the point of caring whether or not he had an accident, just so long as all this liquid was gone.

He rose up onto his wobbly legs, feeling the dampness between his thighs as he struggled back into the bathroom and fumbled his zipper down once again. Please… Please… Why couldn’t Piccolo see that this wasn’t working?! Gohan was in TEARS from the pain, and he was trying as hard as he could. Why couldn’t Piccolo see that? Why couldn’t he just LOOK at Gohan, realize that he was in agony, and do the one, simple thing that would put a stop to it?! Piccolo didn’t WANT to torture him, did he?

No, of course he didn’t. Piccolo DID care about him, he knew that. Piccolo was TRYING to help. Unfortunately, the method he was using today wasn’t what Gohan needed. Gohan didn’t need to go through the process little kids did when their parents wanted them to start peeing in the toilet.

‘Wanted them to’…

Piccolo wanted Gohan to pee.

Of course, Gohan had been aware of that all day, but this was the first time he was really thinking about it. Piccolo felt terrible for the suffering he’d accidentally caused him and wanted to repair it. Piccolo wanted Gohan to be able to pee without a second’s thought or any outside assistance. He had seen the concern in Piccolo’s eyes every time he’d left the bathroom today without actually using it. Piccolo WANTED Gohan to pee.

So, Gohan peed.

At last, his stream broke free and hissed noisily into the bowl, causing his eyelids to flutter as a low sigh fell from his parted lips. “Ahhhhh….” Finally… Finally, he was peeing… And no one had told him to do it. He was relieving himself without explicit permission being granted first, and it felt wonderful. His poor, abused bladder slowly shrank back down as it was wrung dry of all the liquid it had been struggling to shove out. Oh, so much better… So, so much better…

After he’d finished, his bladder continued to cramp, trying to pump out more even though it was finally, at long last, emptied. His whole middle felt numb now, exhausted from the ordeal.

He stumbled back to the living room. This time, his gait was impaired by how much his legs were tingling, his whole body felt like jelly. He was just so relieved…

“You did it?” Videl asked, hopeful.   Gohan nodded, blushing once more.

“Great job!” Piccolo said. “I’m so proud of you!”

Gohan’s blush deepened. “C—Come on, you don’t have to do all th—“

“You are always, ALWAYS allowed to do that, okay Gohan?” Piccolo said. “Any time you need.”

Gohan nodded. Piccolo wanted him to pee when he had to go, he knew that. He didn’t have to ask anymore.

“Right,” Piccolo said. “Next, the books all said I’m supposed to put a sticker on that chart for y—“

“N—Not necessary!” Gohan exclaimed as Videl began to laugh again.

*023*2025-01-21 07:05

Whis wasn’t happy about Vegeta’s need for far more time-consuming breaks. Whis still couldn’t understand why Vegeta wouldn’t just relieve himself outside while they were training. He’d tried assuring Vegeta that no one was going to look at him while he tended to his needs, but apparently that just wasn’t good enough.

What really confused Whis was how Vegeta always had to go all the way back to HIS room specifically. Any bathroom that was closer to his current location— while still just as private as far as Whis was concerned— wouldn’t work for him, either.

Still, once Whis saw the results he got when he granted Vegeta permission to return to his room when he needed to, he had to admit that this arrangement WAS necessary.

Since, before, Vegeta always claimed that he just didn’t HAVE to urinate when prompted, Whis had been at a loss for what was causing him to slow down so much towards the end of each day. He’d given Vegeta numerous lectures on conserving his stamina so that he didn’t run out of energy too quickly— Something he’d THOUGHT an experienced fighter would have already learned by now— but every day was the same.

Until now.

Now, Vegeta maintained his strength and focus until their session was over. He hadn’t been wasting his energy, he’d just been in constant, severe need of a bathroom. It was like Goku had said, Whis HADN’T been seeing Vegeta’s full power.

It frustrated Whis to realize that. He’d spent months training Vegeta, adjusting to where he THOUGHT Vegeta’s limits were, only to find out he was capable of so much more that he hadn’t been able to show. And, for such a silly reason, too. Why hadn’t Vegeta simply TOLD him what was wrong? Instead, he’d sat through every lesson about ‘pacing himself’ and ‘avoiding burnout’, when it could have all been cleared up if he’d just said a couple of sentences!

It would have been faster and easier. It would have gotten Vegeta the COMFORT he needed so much earlier. Whis wouldn’t feel like he’d been wasting his time by giving Vegeta challenges that turned out to be below his true level.

Goku said that Vegeta had been TRYING to mention it, but hadn’t been able to due to his embarrassment. That just baffled Whis even more; Why was Vegeta so embarrassed by such a small thing? Every few hours, Vegeta would have to go back to his room for a couple minutes. That was IT. At most, it was just inconvenient, not some grand humiliation.

No wonder Vegeta couldn’t control his energy correctly; He tied himself in knots over the tiniest of issues. Whis had been around for a long, LONG time, and he’d never sensed anyone with chi as wild and explosive as Vegeta’s was. He’d been able to feel Vegeta’s energy fizzing late at night too, meaning that he got tense even in his SLEEP.

Lately Vegeta’s chi had actually felt more contained, though. He seemed to be able to reign it in more easily when it started to rise. It remained dense, but wasn’t constantly flaring around him.

Vegeta had noticed the change himself, a very obvious shift had taken place inside of him, and he almost thought he might have felt… Relaxed. Actually relaxed! For several days in a row! He was fighting Kakarot daily, the best method he knew of to blow off some steam. He was able to piss when he had to, for the first time in half a year. He’d been away from Earth for so long that all the embarrassment he’d left behind there was starting to fade.

The only times he really felt his energy spike and his chest start to freeze were when Kakarot did something like grip onto his fist during a match. At first, Kakarot grasping him would feel good, like it was the most soothing thing imaginable even though they were in the heat of a battle. But, in the moments that followed, he’d remember WHY Kakarot’s touch did that to him, and the conversation he was going to need to have with Bulma. He’d remember that there was no way that discussion would have a good outcome, and his ribs would ice over.

Aside from those moments, Vegeta felt calm for what was likely the first time in his life. He tried to let himself just live in the moment, enjoy how amazing it felt to fight Kakarot every day on this small planet, so far from the problems he knew were awaiting him back home. To his surprise, he found that he could DO that most of the time. He could relax!

And then, Frieza was revived.

For some fucking reason, a group of the bastard’s former soldiers decided it would be a GOOD idea to wish him back to life with Earth’s dragon balls.

The instant Whis was notified that Frieza and his army had started to attack Earth, the second Vegeta knew… He felt closer to a panic attack than he had in months. It was not the idea of Frieza’s power that raised his anxiety to the stratosphere, though he assumed the tyrant must have gotten stronger since it sounded like Kakarot’s friends were all struggling to hold him off. Instead, the thing that had Vegeta’s heart pounding so raucously that he could barely hear anything else was the thought of just SEEING him again.

How could that be? How could a warrior be so… So… Intimidated just at the prospect of seeing someone’s face? Why did the mere possibility of hearing Frieza’s voice again make Vegeta want to shudder? The fight itself didn’t perturb him, but just… Looking at that smirk again, hearing that laugh again… The vile grins and sickening cackles that visited Vegeta in his dreams, holding him down and preventing him from waking himself up until he’d gone through every pain again.

There would be no relief of an alarm clock blaring this time, nothing to jolt him into a conscious, waking world where Frieza was dead like he was supposed to be. No, Vegeta was actually going to be THERE again, face to face with…

Vegeta’s family was already there with Frieza. Trunks and Bulma. If Frieza laid one hand on either of them—

Vegeta urged Kakarot to concentrate, locate some energy source back on Earth so that they could teleport there. Kakarot insisted that Earth was too far away, and Vegeta snapped at him. “Our families will die,” he growled. “Come on!”

“I’m trying!” Kakarot cried. “I can’t—“

“You could sense ME when you were on King Kai’s planet in Other World!” Vegeta gritted out, stunned by how easily those words came to him— The acknowledgment of THAT day and everything that had happened, how Kakarot had been the one thing to pull him out of it. “You should be able to sense Earth from here!”

After a few more minutes of trying, Kakarot managed it. He extended his hand out. “Let’s go!”

Vegeta’s eyes widened. That wasn’t how they usually did this! Kakarot was just supposed to grab his shoulder! The ice inside of him was getting colder, he KNEW Kakarot’s touch could melt it. But… He hadn’t… He hadn’t talked to Bulma yet… “You’re actually asking me to hold your hand?!”

“We’ve gotta get there!” Kakarot insisted.

“Tch… Hmph… FINE!” Vegeta placed his hand into Kakarot’s, immediately feeling the other Saiyan squeeze, clasping it tightly. This was accompanied by the sensation of a soft, warm blanket being draped over the frigid glaciers inside him, slowly thawing them out.

… Stupid Kakarot…

They appeared on Earth a moment later.

In front of everyone.

Holding hands.

Vegeta yanked his hand away from Kakarot’s as fast as he could, folding his arms and glancing around. Had anyone noticed? Surely, they must have. Vegeta showing physical affection was rare— Him showing it to KAKAROT was—

Laughter.

But, not from their friends— Not from anyone who’d thought him holding hands with Kakarot was funny. Vegeta would have actually PREFERRED that. He would have PREFERRED amused snickering, questions about why he’d do something like that with Kakarot of all people. He would have PREFERRED being teased for what was obviously weird behavior coming from him.

All of that would have been better than Frieza’s stupid cackle.

Vegeta looked up to see Frieza floating in the midst of his army, in his first form— The one Vegeta had seen most often. That was the form that had told Vegeta his brother had been banished and was never to be spoken of again. That was the form that had killed Vegeta’s parents and destroyed his home. That was the form that had regularly ripped him to shreds in the torture cell. That was the form that had humiliated him at every opportunity, degraded him from the time he was just a toddler, instilling him with shame so powerful that it was STILL latched to him all these years later.

And, that form was smirking at him now, just like it had done every time there was a chance to punish him, or debase him, to make him feel as low as it was possible to feel.

The defrosting effect that Kakarot’s grip had had on Vegeta’s chest reversed itself. Every bit of him felt raw and tender, gored open. He took slow, shallow breaths, fearful that if he inhaled incorrectly just once, he’d plunge himself into a panic attack. Right in front of Frieza, and his amused, mocking gaze.

“Alright, Dad!” He heard from a distance. Trunks’s voice. His son was here. His family was here. So, HE had to be here— Living in the moment, like he’d tried to do on Beerus’s world. The past would break him, destroy his ability to fight. He kept his arms folded, gripping them firmly and trying to remain present. He HAD to be at his best. He HAD to pretend Frieza was someone else, someone whom he had no history with. He HAD to focus.

He had to pee…

Fucking—

Why—

… He had been planning to ask Whis for a break right before they’d found out about Frieza’s revival. The pressure had been enough to irritate him back then, and he’d totally forgotten about it once THIS came up.

He’d remembered it now, and with Frieza staring at him, the sensation was getting worse. It wasn’t going to just slip his mind again. Immediately, his focus was diverted to continually ordering himself to stay still. Even the smallest tremor in his legs would be seized upon by Frieza as a sign of weakness. No fidgeting, no squirming. He could give no indication that anything was causing him discomfort.

That was much easier said than done.

For starters, Frieza decided to blow up the entire army he had behind him, just to display the growth of his power since Vegeta and Kakarot had last seen him. Not only did Vegeta see this move as completely idiotic, since it took away Frieza’s numbers advantage, but it also caused the ground to shake.

The vibrations beneath Vegeta’s feet were not doing him any favors, his bladder was throttled violently inside him, and its walls burned as caustic liquid was sloshed against them. His thighs tensed, and his heart-rate quickened. Dread overtook him; The day of Bulma’s birthday party had been the worst, most humiliating day of Vegeta’s life. But, this one had immense potential to dethrone it.

Kakarot was the first to fight Frieza, much to Vegeta’s annoyance. Vegeta wanted to be the one to send that bastard back to Hell, and HE had every intention to do it quickly before his other, much more personal situation got too out of hand. But, Kakarot was insistent, and HE was the one Frieza most wanted to kill anyway. Kakarot had been the one to humiliate Frieza back on Namek.

Vegeta had just been the one Frieza had humiliated at least a million times over.

Of course he didn’t want to fight Vegeta. He still saw Vegeta as a chew-toy, something he could discard once he’d finished with Kakarot, his only real challenge.

Vegeta tried not to let it get to him, but that was impossible. He was forced to stand to the side, hiding behind a rock to conceal any squirming his traitorous body chose to do, as Kakarot fought what should have been HIS battle.

Frieza thought Kakarot was a worthy opponent. Frieza thought Kakarot was worth getting vengeance against. Frieza thought Kakarot mattered.

Frieza thought Vegeta was a joke.

The battle carried on, and the ground shook violently throughout it. Vegeta was forced to take full advantage of the cover the rock provided him, each time the Earth beneath him spasmed and sent an equally as severe spasm through his bladder, he rubbed his knees together and wriggled his feet. Why did he WANT to battle Frieza so badly right now anyway? How much of a fight could he put up when his middle was aching so fervently and only throbbing harder by the minute?

Vegeta saw Frieza change into his final form, accompanied by even more quivering beneath him. His insides convulsed, and he let his ankles cross for a moment, savoring the slight decrease in pressure this brought him.

He expected the frigid temperatures in his chest to drop a few more degrees at the sight of Frieza’s final form; THAT was the one responsible for his first death, after all. But, for whatever reason, Frieza’s FIRST form still drew the more visceral reaction from him. Perhaps it was just the sheer number of memories Vegeta had associated with it. Perhaps it was just how distracting his need for relief was becoming; He couldn’t think about how dying had felt when the surging ball of liquid in his core was demanding all of his focus.

Well, perhaps not ALL of his focus; An energy beam shot off in the direction he knew Bulma was standing. Everything fell from his mind apart from THAT, and he dashed as quickly as he could to deflect it away from her. Once the threat to his wife had been dealt with, his bladder caught up with him, with all the running he’d just done, with all the jostling he’d just put it through, with the ground which was still juddering.

Before he knew it, he was doubling over with an agitated moan as bright hot bolts of pure, grotesque need ripped through his abdomen with a fury he’d never known before. His hands made contact with his crotch for a moment, just long enough to stabilize the hideous hurt within him.

Bulma came up to his side as he managed to straighten back out. “Th—Thanks,” she said. “You…. Okay?”

Vegeta mumbled something incomprehensible, eyes shifting towards the strange, purple figure nearby. Some friend of Bulma’s, he surmised; Someone who he didn’t want knowing about his Problem.

“Vegeta…”

“I’m fine!” Vegeta insisted. “I’ll… I’ll deal with… ‘that’ after everything else is over.” This was no time for him to be fretting over an urge to pee. There were more important things happening that he needed to focus on. Things like protecting Bulma if any more stray energy blasts came this way.

This was SO much more than a mere ‘urge’, though. It had been an urge back on Beerus’s planet, when he’d been thinking about asking for a break. Now, it had progressed to a solid, and very fervid NEED. The cover of the rock was gone now, but he continued to wobble from foot to foot, unable to keep his weight on one side for very long. The pressure in his bladder was immense, the continuous shuddering below making it all the more potent.

More energy blasts kept pelting in his and Bulma’s direction, and he had to hold himself still and steady in order to fend them all off. His entire body was tingling with the desire to squirm, the tremors in his limbs begging him to give in and tie himself into the knots his bladder wanted. He was only able to cross his legs again once Kakarot and Frieza had moved further out and the onslaught of chi beams was no longer able to reach them.

He still couldn’t rest, though; The onslaught of liquid against his aching muscles hadn’t slowed down at all. He wished Bulma’s weird purple friend would go off somewhere else. It would be FINE to squirm around in front of just Bulma—

When had he become okay with that? That used to be a nightmare scenario!

Now, suddenly, he didn’t think he’d mind it? What had gotten into him?

Well… Whatever. If Bulma had been the only one beside him, he would have an easier time letting himself fidget. But, with the other guy around, he was trying his best to hold still as he observed Kakarot and Frieza’s battle.

It was taking too damned long, and Vegeta could TELL Kakarot wasn’t using his full strength. The idiot hadn’t even gone Super Saiyan yet, let alone accessed one of his better forms. ‘Come ON, Kakarot,’ Vegeta thought. ‘I don’t have all day here!’ He crossed his legs at the knees, thighs tensing in response to another wave of pressure. ‘Seriously, you are testing my damn patience!’

The longer Kakarot fought without transforming, the more annoyed and desperate Vegeta became. Why was that fool DOING this?! Frieza belonged in Hell, every second he spent outside of there was criminal. Vegeta needed a fucking piss, every second he spent holding it was cruel.

He tried to raise his chi up and down. Kakarot had realized that was a distress signal before, so it should work again, it should remind him to hurry this the fuck up.

He thought he noticed Kakarot looking back in his direction. There. Good. Now he needed to transform and finish this.

A minute passed.

Vegeta’s bladder strained.

Kakarot didn’t transform.

Alright, that was IT.

Vegeta took off and flew towards the battle, impressed with himself for still being able to get in the air. His new training had gotten him stronger, that was for sure. Once he reached Kakarot and Frieza, he furiously began knocking Kakarot around. Adding to his frustration and rage, Kakarot acted like he had NO idea what had set Vegeta off.

“What’s wrong with you?!” Kakarot exclaimed, shoving Vegeta aside.

Frieza grinned, his smile only widening when Vegeta glowered at him.“Yes, Vegeta, talk. We’re all dying to know what’s going through that head of yours. Did you realize you were on the losing side and want to come back to your old master?”

“How long did you think I’d just stand around when you BOTH won’t use your full power?!” Vegeta shouted. His declaration had mainly been directed at Kakarot, THAT moron ought to know better!

He watched as Kakarot’s eyes scanned over him. While Vegeta was trying very hard to look normal while so close to Frieza, the tremors remained and Kakarot, of course, picked up on them.

“O—Okay, Vegeta!” Kakarot stammered. “So that’s what this is about! You really shouldn’t worry me like that! Man, I thought it was way worse!”

Frieza sighed “THAT’S why you attacked him? What a miserable disappointment you are, Vegeta. For a moment I thought you and I could have some fun again. I always thought you shone brightest when I was keeping you as my pet. Like a tiny insect glowing in a jar.”

Vegeta scowled. His anger was rising, almost as much as the pressure in his middle. “If killing Kakarot is so important to you, why don’t you get on with it?” He bit back a wince at his own words. The idea of losing Kakarot again… What if saying that would cause it to come true?

“Because I waited a long time, and I only get to do this once. You can’t blame me for wanting to savor it, can you? This is my special day, Vegeta. And I need you to WAIT a while longer.”

That had sounded… Oddly pointed. Could Frieza tell the full reason behind Vegeta’s impatience? “Fine!” Vegeta huffed. “I’ll give you more time to fight.” He fixed his gaze on Kakarot. “But I won’t wait much longer, so you’d better make it count!”

Vegeta flew back down to continue watching, grunting out a few curses as the impact slammed a mallet into his bladder.

At least Kakarot was finally TRYING now, powering himself up to a new form he’d attained during their training with Whis. This was accompanied by yet another round of convulsions beneath Vegeta’s feet, and subsequent stings gnawing in his middle. He wasn’t sure which he hated more, the added discomfort, or the sickening thoughts regarding how good Kakarot looked when his hair color matched Bulma’s.

After a couple more minutes, he decided that what he hated most of all was how Kakarot and Frieza were STILL just talking to each other. He could understand Frieza wanting to drag things out, but not Kakarot. He had TOLD Kakarot to hurry, he’d seen the recognition in Kakarot’s eyes, the other Saiyan knew he was in a rush for a reason. ‘Come the fuck on…’ Vegeta thought. He gritted his teeth, trying not to shout it aloud. The last thing he needed was Frieza catching on. ‘Kakarot, just destroy him already. He won’t stand a chance against you in that f—‘

Before Vegeta could finish that thought, he received the unwelcome news that Frieza’s ‘final form’ was no longer his final form. He, too, had achieved something new, his skin changing from egg-shell white to a deep gold, and his chi noticeably rising a considerable amount. The coldness flaring through Vegeta’s body rose with it, ice shards poking painfully into his bladder.

He could not let himself be intimidated. So what if Frieza, too, had massively increased his strength since the last time he’d seen him? That didn’t matter; Frieza was still scum. Either Kakarot would deal with him, or Vegeta would have the chance to destroy him himself.

Vegeta’s insides twinged once more, reminding him of how sore and distressed his body already was, insisting that he would have no chance of murdering Frieza in his current condition. He refused to listen to it. No way could that be possible. He wouldn’t allow it to happen. He would not allow his disobedient bladder to keep him from ending Frieza’s second chance at life. He didn’t care HOW full it got, or how aggressively it stabbed at him, he wouldn’t let it get the better of him today. Hell, it could even shoot its acid up his back and scorch him within an inch of his life, and he would STILL find some way to power through.

If he got the chance, anyway… It was still Kakarot’s turn, and the idiot wasn’t tapping out. But, it… It kind of looked like he should… Dammit, that was a new thing; little pangs when he saw Kakarot being hurt, little twists in his gut that both worsened his need for a bathroom AND annoyed the fuck out of him. He’d only ever felt… ugh… ‘concerned’ while watching TRUNKS take damage during a battle. Now, he had the same sensation for Kakarot. It was such bullshit!

Vegeta continued to watch, cursing himself for flinching each time Kakarot looked like he was in pain. He’d seen Kakarot get his ass kicked tons of times! It shouldn’t have been bothering him so much now! Just because it was Frieza doing it, just because he recognized some of the moves Frieza was using from his various stints in the torture cell… It shouldn’t have mattered!

More surges of raw pain coursed through his abdomen, he allowed his legs to cross, hopeful that Frieza was too pre-occupied to be paying attention to him. Logically, he knew he SHOULD have been, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that Frieza was somehow still finding the time to look back at him, seeing the way his legs were trembling with pain and desperation.

It felt like oceans were colliding in his bladder, angry waves thrashing in a brutal war against each other, his entire lower abdomen felt caustic and over-stimulated, sweat trickling down his back even though HE wasn’t the one fighting. The next time it looked like Kakarot was gaining the upper-hand, Vegeta couldn’t stop himself. He shouted; “Kakarot! I can only wait for so long! I’d be MORE than happy to take over and kill this bastard for you!”

Of course, he gained Kakarot’s attention, and he didn’t miss the way the other Saiyan furrowed his brow with concern. But, unfortunately, he’d captured Frieza’s notice as well.

Frieza sighed. “Are you piping up again?” He asked snidely. “Why so impatient?”

Oh no… ‘Hold still, hold still,’ Vegeta commanded himself. And, by some miracle, he managed it.

But, it wasn’t enough. Something in his expression, something about the perspiration on his face, or the tiny tremors that he couldn’t completely banish… Whatever it was, SOMETHING had made all the wires connect in Frieza’s head.

Frieza’s smirk spread across his face once more. “Oh dear, Vegeta. Are you rushing us because you need to relieve yourself?” He asked. “Is that seriously the reason? All these years, and you’re still as ridiculous as ever, aren’t you? What? Are you going to begin begging me for a comfort break now, like you did as a child?” He snickered and spoke in a mocking tone. “‘Oh, please Emperor Frieza, please have mercy on me, I’m too weak to even withstand the pressure of my bladder!’”

“N—No, that’s not— I— I’m just sick of the both of you pl—playing around,” Vegeta stumbled over his words. His chest was clenching, one wrong breath and he’d start to… “Th—This is a SERIOUS fight, s—so start acting like it!”

“Vegeta,” Kakarot said, and Vegeta turned to him, silently pleading for him to spit out an excuse Frieza would buy, an alternative explanation for his antsy behavior and flushed face. He’d done it so many times before, he could do it again now. “I, um… I know you… I know that you… H—Have a doctor’s appointment to… Get… Your… Um… To get those hot-flashes of yours checked out later today!” He settled on. “Th—This should be over by th—then!”

Vegeta held his breath, clenching every muscle he had against the need to resume his squirming. Frieza would never fall for that if he started to fidget again.

“Nonsense,” Frieza said. “Perhaps I just know this monkey’s habits better than you; He always has that asinine quiver in his legs when he needs to urinate… The saddest thing about that is, I swear the fool thinks it comes off as subtle. Newsflash, Vegeta; It’s not.”

The coldness in Vegeta’s chest spread outwards again, reaching all the way down to his finger-tips and toes, encompassing his whole body. Frieza had always been able to tell when he needed to go, just like Kakarot. Of course he had; Like Kakarot, Frieza would have studied Vegeta’s body-language until he’d committed every quirk to memory. Unlike Kakarot, he didn’t do it for the sake of training and growing stronger together. He didn’t do it to ensure they could provide a better challenge to each other. He certainly didn’t do it so that he could HELP Vegeta in any way.

Frieza had learned all of Vegeta’s habits and mannerisms so that he’d know how to cause the maximum amount of damage, both physically and mentally.

He was trying his best to do the latter here, and it was working. It was working just as well as it ever had. Frieza’s efforts had paid off, he knew exactly how to get under Vegeta’s skin and devastate him.

“N—No,” Kakarot said. “He’s just in a hurry… Let’s get back to the fight, Frieza.”

“In a moment,” Frieza brushed him aside. “I must say, Vegeta, there is one thing that puzzles me; You’ve had ample time to relieve yourself down on the ground; You are a monkey, after all, voiding in the open like a wild animal is the sort of thing your kind DOES.”

Vegeta tensed his fists, shuddering. His bladder was sending him a record number of exceptionally acute throbs, and his knees betrayed him by rubbing together. But, as the insult washed over him, it brought with it a glimmer of hope. Looking back on his memories, he’d come to the conclusion that Frieza must have been aware of his Problem and had subtly tried to torture him with it. But, with this NEW comment, maybe he didn’t know after all.

Frieza didn’t allow him to take solace in that thought for long. “Oh wait, Vegeta…” he snickered, cupping a hand to his mouth. “Don’t tell me you STILL have that ridiculous issue of yours! How many years has it been now? And you can’t even beat THAT?!”

Vegeta moved backwards without intending to. He cursed himself for it, for letting Frieza see how much he was getting to him. “Wh—What—“

“Eheh, uh… There’s no issue,” Kakarot said. “C’mon, stop getting distracted! I wanna finish this!”

“Oh, I assure you there’s an issue,” Frieza said. “My goodness, the fact that it’s STILL affecting him…” He laughed. “It’s hysterical. This fool honestly spent years of his life thinking he’d one day rise up and defeat me… Yet, he’s unable to control his body’s most basic functions. He’s had DECADES to learn how, and still all he’s capable of is failure. I don’t even need to lift a finger to deal with him, he defeats HIMSELF.”

The glaciers manifesting throughout Vegeta’s body dropped to such a low temperature that he felt utterly numb. Apart from the Hell still pulsing in his middle, it was like everything else had been switched off. As Kakarot slammed a furious fist into Frieza’s face and the battle resumed, Vegeta lowered himself to the ground again. His bladder protested the impact with a vigorous flurry of fiery spasms, but that pain couldn’t outweigh the heaviness in his mind, the constant repetition of a single thought; ‘PATHETIC. PATHETIC. PATHETIC.’

He was so pathetic. Why had he ever thought he was getting better? Why had he believed Kakarot when he’d claimed he was getting stronger? He wasn’t. He was still defeating himself. He would always defeat himself. All that progress Bulma and Kakarot both said he was making wasn’t real. They were just humoring him, and he’d bought into the illusion. Frieza could see he was still as pathetic as ever, that all his effort was useless, because HE was useless.

Case in point, Kakarot was now destroying Frieza, seemingly close to victory. Kakarot was going to beat him, Vegeta hadn’t needed to contribute at all. His presence here had been completely unnecessary. He shouldn’t have even bothered showing up. Everything would have been perfectly fine without him.

But, just as it looked like Kakarot was preparing his finishing blow, an energy beam fired out from somewhere and knocked him to the ground. Vegeta was so startled by the sudden shot, by the clear pain radiating off of Kakarot’s face, that his breath caught and a jet of liquid squirted from between his legs. Tensing his thighs, he looked back and forth, trying to see where the blast had come from; One of Frieza’s soldiers had managed to survive his senseless destruction of his army.

Now, Kakarot was in the dirt, in obvious pain, and Frieza was— More actions that sent a shudder of sick, abhorrent nostalgia down Vegeta’s spine. He was back on Frieza’s ship, standing outside that awful cell, looking in as Kakarot was subjected to—

Vegeta charged up his energy, noting dimly that he no longer felt the dampness around his crotch. So, that disgusting trick of Kakarot’s really DID work fast, huh? He dashed over to Frieza, it was time to step in regardless of how horrifically his bladder was twisting, just like he’d planned. “Sorry, Frieza. I can’t let you kill Kakarot. As annoying as he may be, I need him in my life,” his breath hitched, his voice faltering as he registered what he’d just allowed to fall from his lips. He’d been so distracted by the need to pee that it had just slipped out, that was all! “S—So that I have someone who’s always pushing me to get stronger!”

Frieza responded to that with more taunting, but none of it cut as deeply as what he’d said before. Vegeta knew that, to kill Frieza, he would have to… Transform. Not only that, he’d have to change into his new, most powerful level of Super Saiyan. Anything less wouldn’t suffice. But, he was aware of the effect switching forms had on his bladder, the pressure it placed onto his entire body, the way it squeezed his insides so tightly. It was going to hurt. He might not even be able to finish th—

No, he would. He WOULD do it, no matter how painful it got.

He concentrated, feeling his bladder ache as his focus was torn away from the effort of holding it and towards the effort of gathering all his chi. While his energy rose, his middle cramped and a surge of bright hot, boiling, needy fire burned all the way up to his ribs. His body didn’t even give him the courtesy of warning him this time, it went straight for the ultimate level of agony. He gritted his teeth, and his eyes burned. Fuck— It was making him tear up, it was making him cry— He needed to piss so bad it was causing him to cry in front of Frieza, this was a nightma—

The tears were evaporating before they had the chance to move down his face. His energy was generating way too much heat for anything liquid to stay on him. If only it could also get rid of the liquid INSIDE him.

Maybe it could…

No. No way. Vegeta had TRIED this revolting ‘method’ before. It hadn’t worked! His body wouldn’t let him DO that!

But, as the pressure of his transformation continued to fold in on his bladder, he felt himself dribble once more— He was leaking, in front of Frieza! But, it wasn’t noticeable. There was no dampness between his legs and, if anything WAS visible, he knew Frieza would be snickering and commenting on it. Frieza’s eyes remained fixed on Vegeta’s own— He hadn’t realized anything.

So, the next time he felt his bladder spill, he shut his eyes and gave forceful push on his lower muscles. He was doused in relief and horror as the dripping became a real stream— Kind of. His bladder was emptying steadily now, but everything was evaporating as quickly as it was coming out. He was pissing himself in front of Frieza!

Not really, though! Not really! There was no hissing, no darkening of his clothes, no liquid trickling off of him. Apart from the release in pressure as he felt his bladder shrink back down, it was like this wasn’t even happening. And, HE was the only one who could FEEL the pain fading from his middle. As far as anyone else was concerned, this really WASN’T happening.

He was stunned, both that he had managed to do this, and that it wasn’t anywhere near as gross as he’d imagined it being. With the liquid evaporating before it even reached his inner thighs, he didn’t have that nauseating sensation of drenching himself in his own bodily fluids. It was more like the fluid in his bladder was just disappearing, zapping itself out of existence.

Once his transformation was complete, he was completely emptied, and totally dry. Nothing had really happened— His bladder’s contents had simply vanished.

Frieza was just staring back at him, Vegeta swore he saw some fear in his eyes, some shock; He hadn’t thought Vegeta would be able to use the same form Kakarot had just showed off.

Vegeta launched straight into the fight— He had never been more ready or eager to battle before, or so confident in his ability to emerge victorious. Even the highs he reached when he first learned to go Super Saiyan couldn’t compare to this. He utterly demolished Frieza, feeling so loose and powerful— He truly believed he was invincible, that he could do absolutely anything!

At last, he had Frieza down on the ground, defeated. It was finally time for Vegeta to deliver the last blow, to wipe Frieza from the universe once more. “Don’t dream of resurrecting again,” he spat, raising his hand out.

Frieza glowered. “You can all go to Hell without me,” he hissed, and it looked like he was preparing some kind of attack of his own. What was—

“OUTTA THE WAY, VEGETA!”

The Hell?!

Vegeta faltered in his confusion, which gave Kakarot the opening he needed to… Deliver the blast that obliterated Frieza.

Kakarot… Had…

WHY?!

The fuck was that for?!

VEGETA had been about to kill Frieza! VEGETA was supposed to be the one to do it! What was Kakarot’s problem?! Vegeta had been in NO danger! He’d had Frieza laying pitifully in the dirt, it hadn’t been the other way around! Vegeta hadn’t NEEDED Kakarot’s help! Where did he get off—

“YOU SELF-SERVING GLORY HOG! YOU STOLE MY WIN, HAVE YOU NO SHAME?!” Vegeta yelled. How dare he?! He couldn’t stand to have someone else get the victory even ONE time?!

Kakarot…

Kakarot knew how much this MEANT to Vegeta… That he STILL decided to do this anyway made Vegeta’s stomach coil, like the ground had suddenly fallen out from under him.

“Hey, would you chill out?” Kakarot said. “It was the only way to save Earth!”

“What’s THAT mean?!”

Vegeta was given an explanation; Apparently, he was going to take just a couple seconds too long to kill Frieza, giving the tyrant the opportunity to destroy the planet and avoid his defeat. Whis had used his magic to turn back the clock a few minutes so that Kakarot could prevent it from happening.

Vegeta grumbled to himself. If they’d needed to go back in time a little bit, they SHOULD have just shouted at Vegeta to hurry it up instead… HE was supposed to be the one to kill Frieza! He was supposed to win today!

He… Sort of HAD though, right? He’d gotten at least a tiny victory, he’d bested ONE of his foes, even if it hadn’t been Frieza.

Vegeta had actually relieved himself in the heat of battle, and it hadn’t felt disgraceful at all. It had felt good. Shockingly good. He’d never imagined that pissing himself could make him feel confident and powerful, but today it had.

He hadn’t ACTUALLY pissed himself, though. He had to remember that. If he hadn’t gotten soaked and humiliated as his stream noisily sprayed down his legs, then he hadn’t really wet himself. He’d only made the liquid disappear from his body, like it had never existed in the first place. His power was so immense that he could do that if he charged himself up enough.

“I’m real sorry,” Kakarot said sheepishly. “I didn’t have a choice.”

Vegeta huffed wordlessly, folding his arms.

Kakarot looked him over, and Vegeta noticed his brows furrowing more and more, confusion etched on his features. After a moment, he explained “I was gonna go to the Lookout but, um… You want me to take you home first?”

Vegeta shook his head.

Kakarot only looked more perplexed. His gaze lingered on Vegeta a few seconds longer, stilling on his legs. “Um… Okay… If you’re sure…”

***

Later, everyone had gathered at Capsule Corp. Vegeta tried not to let himself feel too annoyed by the number of people cramming into his living area. He tolerated it for a while, but eventually he had to head off to a more quiet area to be on his own.

This lasted about five minutes until Kakarot showed up, wanting to talk to Vegeta about the ridiculous notion of them working ‘together’ more during fights. Vegeta dismissed the idea for the nonsense it was. But, Kakarot still wasn’t finished.

“Um… Vegeta?” Kakarot said. “Er… You had to go real bad today, right?”

Vegeta turned away, such a question did not deserve an answer. Why was he asking? He could always tell!

“It’s just, well, I figured after the fight, you’d want me to take ya straight home? Or to somewhere more deserted? But, you didn’t. You just flew off with me, and… You were flying just fine.”

“I’ve been able to fly since I was a toddler, idiot,” Vegeta said. “I’d say I’ve mastered it by now.”

“That’s not what I meant… Look, I could tell you were dying to go a long time before that fight was over, I’m just wondering why it… Went away. I don’t think Whis’s time spell could have done that.”

“I didn’t have to—“

“Vegeta, don’t give me that. I know when you’re lying.”

Vegeta gripped his arms, anticipating a frigid chest and burning face. But… It was only Kakarot. “If you ever breathe one word of this, I SWEAR I’ll—“

“Easy,” Kakarot said. “You know I can keep your secrets.”

“I… Um… When I powered up to… To Super Saiyan Blue… I… Your, uh… Your most revolting technique was… Not… Not as bad as I had always imagined it being.”

Goku stared at him for a second, unable to believe what he was hearing. But, he COULD tell when Vegeta was lying, and this WAS the only explanation that made sense; The only reason for why Vegeta suddenly didn’t have to pee anymore at the end of the battle. “You… You were able to?!”

“… I believe it was a combination of factors, I doubt I will be able to do that again.”

“But it was… You were fighting Frieza!” Goku pointedly avoided saying ‘IN FRONT OF Frieza’, wary of what THAT phrase might do to Vegeta. But, the meaning was still the same. Vegeta had technically relieved himself in front of Frieza.

“You were correct, if enough energy is being charged, nothing visible happens,” Vegeta said. “He was unaware.”

“But, YOU were aware,” Goku said. “And you still managed to do it.”

Vegeta blushed, but it wasn’t a shameful blush. It was… Something else. And it got deeper as Kakarot continued.

“I’m so proud of you,” Kakarot said. “That’s gotta be one of the strongest things you’ve ever done.”

Kakarot was praising him for pissing himself. Kakarot was calling him STRONG for pissing himself— ON PURPOSE. And, that was giving him the stupid… Good, warm feeling. Dammit!

Kakarot started to reach for Vegeta, as if about to hug him, but Vegeta quickly stepped back, ignoring the frown on the other Saiyan’s face. “There are other discussions we need to have first,” he reminded.

“Oh… Right,” Kakarot said. “You wanna do that soon?”

“I… I guess we have to,” Vegeta said reluctantly. “In case we leave Earth again.” He was dreading this, but knew it had to be done. He just hoped he wasn’t about to lose his family after spending the whole day trying to protect them.

*024*2025-01-27 22:56

Vegeta spoke with Bulma the next day. She knew something serious must have been happening right away, because Vegeta was NEVER the one to ask if they could talk, it had always, ALWAYS been her.

Then, she saw the look on his face, nervous and sad. It filled her with concern. The training with Whis MUST have been going well, she thought. Vegeta had a whole new transformation, after all. Surely, he was seeing the progress he wanted to see.

But, he’d been gone for six months. A lot could happen in six months.

“First, I want to apologize,” Vegeta said. “What I am about to say is going to be… Shocking and upsetting to hear.”

Bulma took his hand gently. He was over-dramatizing again, as usual. Whatever this was, it couldn’t have been as terrible as Vegeta was making it out to be. “Vegeta, what’s the matter? I’m sure it’s not SO bad.”

“It’s worse,” Vegeta insisted. He focused on her chi, willing himself to calm down, trying not to think that this would be the LAST time he would ever feel soothed by her energy.

He explained things to Bulma in much the same way he had explained them to Kakarot. He went over how relationships tended to function on his home-planet, the Saiyans’ tendency to take multiple lovers. He spoke of how Saiyans preferred to mate with individuals who challenged them in some way, and how this often led to rivals developing feelings for each other. He was just about to tell her the story of how his parents met, when Bulma stopped him.

“Oh, okay. Got it. You’re FINALLY done pretending that you don’t have a thing for Goku.”

Vegeta stopped talking, and he found that he couldn’t continue. The indignant shouts that he wanted to let loose failed to materialize, and he felt like all of the blood was draining from his body.

Bulma laughed. “Oh wow, I’ve never seen you go so pale before! Do I need to check you for a pulse?”

Shakily, Vegeta found his voice; “Wh… What are you… How…”

“When I first noticed it, it DID bother me a bit,” Bulma said. “But, then he died, and I was more concerned with helping you cope with losing someone THAT important to you.”

When she first noticed it… Which was, apparently, PRIOR to the Cell Games. Bullshit. Vegeta hadn’t even HAD these insanity-inducing feelings for Kakarot back then! So, what could she have possibly been noticing?

Okay, so maybe he’d continually gone off into space just to search for Kakarot after Namek’s destruction… But that was JUST because he wanted to kick his ass! Nothing else!

He hadn’t been worried about Kakarot, off by himself in some unknown place. He hadn’t been concerned that Kakarot would get lost in space, incapable of figuring out the way back to Earth. He had not even once entertained the idea that Kakarot could crash on an uninhabited planet with no food or water sources where he would slowly die.

He hadn’t done any of that. Not at all.

“And then he came back, and I saw how much healthier and happier you were getting and, I thought, ‘Well, I can’t just split them apart, Vegeta needs his Goku.’”

Vegeta sucked in a breath sharply, “I— I do NOT!”

Bulma ignored him. “And, besides that, I assumed that, even if you managed to figure it out yourself— Because I knew it would have to be YOU— You’d never admit to it, so Goku would never know. Goku would need it spelled out to him, after all.”

“… He did,” Vegeta said after a moment.

“You told him?!”

“A situation arose and I was forced to,” Vegeta said. “The moron refused to take the hint until I just shouted it at him.”

Bulma grinned. “Ohhh, a ‘situation?’ What kind of ‘situation?’”

“That is none of your concern. Point is, the feelings exist, I don’t know where they came from and, believe me, I can’t imagine a worse travesty that could ever befall me. We came to an agreement that you and Chi-Chi should be notified.”

“‘We,’” Bulma repeated. “So, I was right about Goku returning your—“

“Yes. Unfortunately.”

“Why ‘unfortunately?’” Bulma asked. “Shouldn’t that be a good thing?”

No. It wasn’t. It would have been easier if Kakarot didn’t love Vegeta. Now they had the options of awkwardly refusing to acknowledge their revolting feelings for each other any time they trained, or having to leave their families permanently because Earth’s customs would require them to do so. “Because I promised myself that I would never abandon you or Trunks again.”

“… And why does Goku being in love with you mean that you’d have to do that?”

“It is my understanding that, if Kakarot and I were to fully acknowledge these… emotions, you and I would be required to get divorced. That is one of the last things I’d ever want to do.“

“Vegeta, before a couple gets divorced, at least ONE of them has to actually WANT that to happen,” Bulma said. “And, neither one of us does.”

Vegeta nodded. “Got it. Fighting with Kakarot may be uncomfortable for a while, but I have moved past things far more difficult than—“

“That’s not what I meant,” Bulma told him. “What I’m saying is that, as far as I’m concerned, you’re ALLOWED to be with both Goku and I. Just like you would have been back on your own planet.”

Vegeta stared at her in bewilderment. These things didn’t HAPPEN on Earth, did they? It wasn’t acceptable. Then again, what did he care what humans thought? The only human whose opinion really mattered to him was Bulma’s, and if SHE was okay with it…

Hold on, HOW was she okay with it?! “Didn’t you end your relationship with Yamcha because he was unfaithful?”

“I did,” Bulma confirmed.

“Then… Why are you so—“

“You haven’t cheated on me,” Bulma said. “Have you? I’ll bet anything that you and Goku haven’t even kissed yet.”

The thought of kissing Kakarot… Vegeta waited for the revulsion that was supposed to accompany the idea, and was dismayed when he was flooded with something entirely different. “Of course n—not!”

“Exactly. You two haven’t done ANYTHING, am I right?”

“He keeps asking if he can hug me,” Vegeta admitted. “I have, thus far, refused.”

“I knew it. You won’t even HUG each other until things are worked out with Chi-Chi and I, huh?”

“… That’s part of the reason,” Vegeta said. The other part was that Vegeta wasn’t going to accept any ‘snuggling’ from Kakarot until the oaf EARNED it. Vegeta was NOT cuddly!

“See? Yamcha was going behind my back and seeing other people, and doing a WHOLE lot more than just hugging. That isn’t what YOU’RE doing. You’re telling me everything, you’re basically asking me for my permission right now. And, I’m FINE sharing you with Goku. I’ve pretty much DONE that ever since we met, anyway.”

She was actually okay with this. Nothing had to change… This had gone much better than he had expected it to.

“I do have one condition, though,” Bulma added. “I get to watch.”

“… Watch? Huh? Wh—What?”

“Goku grew up to be quite the looker,” Bulma said. “I definitely want a front-row seat to whatever he and my handsome prince get up to.”

Vegeta doubted he could blush any harder. He was NOT going to— Well, he wouldn’t MIND, especially if he was on t— It wasn’t going to happen. Kakarot had so little interest in those aspects of a relationship, Vegeta wasn’t going to try talking him into anything that he didn’t actually want.

No, whatever Bulma was picturing, she was not going to see it become a reality. In reality, he and Kakarot would probably just carry on doing the things they’d always done. Maybe with the addition of kissing and, ugh, ‘cuddling’ whenever Vegeta had decided Kakarot had earned it. But, not much more than that.

Vegeta could be satisfied with that. Kakarot’s soothing chi beside him was what he most wanted, and fighting him felt better than anything else possibly could.

But, being on top of Kakarot DID sound kind of—

No.

Only if he could be sure Kakarot really did want it…

“What are you thinking about?” Bulma teased.

“NOTHING.”

***

“YOU’RE WHAT?!” Chi-Chi exclaimed, her voice raising several octaves, loud enough that she had likely woken Goten up from his sleep. Hopefully, he wouldn’t come out of his room to see what was going on.

Goku held up his hands and tried to smile. “It’s a Saiyan thing, Vegeta said so, remember?” He HAD gone through his explanation of their home-planet’s relationship dynamics before admitting to his wife that he loved Vegeta. He’d known it would shock her no matter how much he tried to soften the blow, though. He’d known it would upset her. He’d known it would hurt her. He hadn’t wanted to hurt her, but continuing to keep it a secret now felt like lying. Lying would hurt her, too.

“Yes, I do remember!” Chi-Chi said. “I… I thought you were telling me that just as… As an interesting fact about your culture. I didn’t think… Goku, what did I do?”

“You didn’t do anything,” Goku said. “I still love you the same as always. Nothing’s changed there.”

Chi-Chi turned away from him. He could see her chest rising and falling. He hoped she wasn’t about to cry… It pained him to see someone he cared about cry. Especially if he was the reason for it. “Then, why? Why don’t you want to be with me?”

“I DO want to be with you,” Goku told her. “That’s what I’m trying to tell you. I love you and I wanna stay married, I just also love Vegeta.”

“Is it that you like men? Is that it?”

“Well… Sure,” Goku said. “Of course I like men, I like lots of them. I like lots of women, too… But, you and Vegeta are the only ones I love that way.” He frowned. “I’m real sorry, Chi-Chi. I didn’t mean to feel like this. And, Vegeta and I haven’t kissed or anything, promise. He said I can’t even hug him until after I talk to you, and only if you say it’s okay.”

Chi-Chi looked back at him again. Her face was blotchy, but no tears were visible. “Do you want to have sex with him?”

“O—Oh,” Goku said with a blush. “Well, um, I’ve never thought about it… I kinda just wanna hug him a lot, like I do with you. Except, I’ll be able to squeeze him extra tight and he won’t start yelling that I’m breaking all his ribs.”

Chi-Chi managed a small smile. “You have been getting better at that,” she said. “Finally figuring out what ‘gentle’ means… I guess you massaging me has helped you learn how much pressure is too much?”

Goku felt better seeing her perk up slightly. “I’m sorry,” he said once more. “I promise, I haven’t stopped loving you at all.”

“Why Vegeta?” Chi-Chi asked. “Even if Saiyans aren’t… Monogamous, why VEGETA?”

“Um, well when Vegeta was telling me he loved me, he went through all this stuff about how Saiyans are supposed to like challenges, and so rivals sometimes like each other, and that his Saiyan ‘genetics’ thingies messed up all his ‘hormones’ thingies until he could ‘somehow have feelings for a complete idiot’ like me…” Goku explained.

Chi-Chi stared back at him. “And, you say that you LOVE this perso—“

“But, I think he was only saying all that ‘cause he’s bad at feelings and doesn’t know what else to say. And I just love him because he makes me laugh, and we like the same stuff, and he’s the most fun person to fight with… And, he gets all shouty when I’m about to do something stupid. Kinda like you.” Goku laughed as he made the connection. “Heh, maybe I just like being yelled at!”

“Are you seriously comparing me to him?”

Goku started nodding. “Yeah! I think I am! You both like to order me around, you both care a lot about being the best at stuff. Like, Vegeta wants to be the best fighter, and you wanna be the best mom with the best son. You both have short tempers, and like to argue with people. Yeah, it really just makes sense that I love you two. I guess I just like people who’re assertive.”

“And… You don’t want to leave me and run off somewhere with Vegeta forever?”

“No, of course not! I’d miss you and Gohan and Goten too much if I did that! I know I leave a lot, but I always come back.”

Chi-Chi sighed. The coloration of her face was going back to normal, and Goku thought that was a good sign. “… Okay,” she said finally.

“Okay?”

“I guess I’ve always… Always kind of been sharing you with him. If you want to do something romantic with Vegeta… Just… Ask me before each step, alright?”

“‘Each step?’”

“If you… Start to kiss him, or… Or… More than that… I want to hear about it first.”

“Of course I’ll do that,” Goku said. “Is it okay if I kiss him or give him hugs?”

“… You can hug,” Chi-Chi said. “But, only kiss him on the cheek for now, okay?

“Sure thing.”

***

“VEGETA!”

“GAH!” Vegeta jumped, slipped and frantically tried to cover himself. The water kept pelting him, but it was no longer easing his worn out muscles, which had tied themselves into startled knots. “KAKAROT?! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?!”

“Chi-Chi said I can hug you!” Kakarot exclaimed. “So, what did Bulma say? Can we hug? Can we?”

“Kakarot…” Vegeta growled. “I am IN THE FUCKING SHOWER. GET OUT!”

Kakarot blinked rapidly, and it was like he was only NOW realizing that water was streaming over him, soaking his clothes, and that the room was filled with steam. “Eheh… Whoops…” He climbed out, but then just stood there on the other side of the curtain, like an idiot.

“I told you to get out!”

“I did!”

Was he LOSING brain-cells? How was that even possible? He couldn’t have had more than twenty of them to begin with! “Out of the ROOM, moron!”

“Oh, okay!”

Vegeta heard Kakarot finally leave and resumed washing himself. So, it sounded like Chi-Chi wasn’t completely opposed to this new situation, either. Both he and Kakarot had gotten their wives’ blessing to continue exploring their feelings for one another.

But now, Vegeta was questioning yet again WHY those feelings had to exist.

Vegeta got dressed and found Kakarot right on the other side of the door.

“Sorry about that, buddy,” Kakarot said. “But, did you hear what I said? We can hug each other! Come here!”

“You think you’ve earned yourself a HUG doing that?!” Vegeta snapped.

“Aw, it was an accident!” Kakarot said. “I didn’t know you were showering, and I’m real sorry! I wouldn’t try to embarrass you on purpose. Come on, Bulma said okay too, didn’t she?”

Vegeta supposed that was true. Kakarot embarrassed him a LOT, but it never seemed to be intentional. “… Fine. We can… ugh, ‘hug’.”

Kakarot excitedly grabbed Vegeta and pulled him close, holding him so tight that he would have instantly broken anyone else’s spine. Vegeta had never been squeezed like this before. No one had ever had the desire AND the strength to give him such a firm hug. It felt cozy… Strangely comfortable. He caught himself beginning to nestle into Kakarot’s chest and stopped.

Then there was their energy. Vegeta could feel it mingling together in a way that it never did when they touched each other during sparring, it was more akin to fusion, but even that wasn’t quite the same because Vegeta still had a body and mind that was all his own. And both of those things were getting way too much enjoyment out of this.

“She also said I can kiss you on the cheek,” Kakarot said. “Do you wanna do that? Is it okay with Bulma?”

Yes, Bulma was fine with them kissing. She’d made it clear earlier that she was ready to WATCH them do a LOT more than that. Did Vegeta want Kakarot to— “Yes.”

Kakarot grinned, and then he— Picked Vegeta up and LIFTED him so that his face was level with his lips, THEN he kissed him.

“K—Kakarot!” Vegeta didn’t think he could blush much harder.

“What?” Kakarot asked.

“I… I thought you’d… Bend down. O—Or ask me to fly, or— JUST DON’T PICK ME UP!”

Kakarot set him back down, then leaned to give him another kiss. “Okay, I won’t do that again.”

Vegeta glared, but he was smiling at the same time. He couldn’t get himself to stop. Stupid Kakarot…

“Love you, Vegeta,” Kakarot said.

“… Yeah, whatever. Love you too, doofus.”

Since everything had been sorted, Vegeta allowed Kakarot to give him his long overdue massage. Between all the stress he’d been under, and the battle he’d just fought against Frieza, Vegeta’s left arm was in serious need of soothing.

“Yep, that knot’s gotten bad again,” Kakarot said, and Vegeta felt his fingers pushing firmly into it. At first, there was a spike of pain as the tender area was dug into, but this gave way to pure bliss once Kakarot began to rub slow, forceful circles against it.

With the knot slowly being untied, Vegeta had to grit his teeth against a moan that threatened to spill forth.

“Easy now,” Kakarot said. “Feels like you’re tensing up.”

Vegeta tried to unclench his jaw, wary of the sounds he might make while Kakarot continued. Now, Kakarot’s fingertips were kneading themselves into his back, rolling and applying pressure. More aches vanished, and his muscles tingled, coming alive. When he felt Kakarot work his hands up his back with a twisting, lifting motion, Vegeta finally released an embarrassing, low sigh.

Kakarot didn’t comment on it, thankfully, just moved on to working his thumbs down each side of Vegeta’s back, the tips of his fingers gently fanning out.

Goku did his legs, but stopped below the knees, hesitant. Vegeta had said it was okay to go higher last time, but then he’d gotten uncomfortable. “Um, you want me to keep going?”

Vegeta wasn’t so sure, either. The last time Kakarot had touched him there, it had caused quite a crisis. He trusted himself not to fly into a panic if THAT happened again, but he’d still have the embarrassment to deal with if Kakarot noticed it this time.

But, his upper legs definitely were tense.

“Fine…” Vegeta said. “But, if I tell you to stop, you’d better—“

“Of course,” Kakarot said. “You don’t gotta worry about that.”

So, Kakarot massaged Vegeta’s thighs, and it was much the same as last time. Only now it came with the added knowledge that it wasn’t JUST the physical stimulation in a more intimate spot that was making Vegeta’s body react. No, it was the fact that Kakarot, specifically, was doing it. It was the fact that Kakarot’s hands, specifically, were stroking his inner thighs, an area where Vegeta was particularly sensitive, as Bulma had already discovered.

He had to tell Kakarot to stop when he felt his body beginning to react a little TOO much. He wouldn’t let himself get fully hard again. What if Kakarot spotted it? With his lack of interest in sexual activities he could… get confused, or… Or think he HAD to do something with Vegeta that he didn’t really want to do, or… Something.

Kakarot pulled his hands away the instant Vegeta told him to. “Sorry, guess that was too much?” he said. “Do ya feel any better, at least?”

It was Vegeta’s body that was doing ‘too much’… “Yes, my legs do feel looser now,” he said. Something else didn’t feel loose at all, his bladder was throbbing; His least favorite part of a massage… Aside from the risks involved when he allowed Kakarot to touch him in specific areas.

He’d… Waited too long to tell Kakarot to stop, and had to rush to the bathroom with his hands shielding his crotch. He told himself Kakarot wouldn’t suspect a thing; His clasping made him look desperate to pee, which was to be expected after a massage. As he locked the door, he wondered what the world was coming to, he preferred having someone think he was dying for a piss over having them realize something else was going on.

He WAS in quite some need of a piss, though. Of course, he’d need to get his body to calm down first. This time, it wasn’t going to be too hard to pee because someone was too close to him— His bladder cooperated around Kakarot, after all. Instead, it was going to be too hard to pee because Vegeta, himself, was too hard to pee.

Often, a cold shower could get rid of this… But, Kakarot WOULD question him if he heard the shower running. Vegeta had JUST washed himself, and he seethed as he recalled why Kakarot knew that.

So, he’d just have to wait for things to settle down on their own.

Kakarot would get concerned the longer Vegeta stayed in here, though… He’d naturally assume Vegeta was dealing with his USUAL issue. Vegeta turned on the sink’s faucet. That would give Kakarot the impression that he was working through it on his own for now, and make it harder to tell that he wasn’t relieving himself yet.

His bladder pulsated sharply, just like it always did at the sound of running water. Gah, he despised that noise sometimes! He sat on the edge of the tub, jiggling one knee as his urge to urinate intensified. His dick ought to have been softening by now, all the uncomfortable pressure straining in that area of his body should have gotten it under control. There was nothing pleasurable about the way his bladder was rippling with every drop that poured from the sink. Yet, his cock remained erect.

He tried to come up with the least arousing things possible. ‘Picture Frieza in the shower,’ he thought. ‘Or… I wonder how his species reproduces, I’m sure that’s a nauseating affair to witness.’ Imagining Frieza excreting some sort of slimy egg from a gaping orifice he’d never noticed before did the trick. Finally, he could relieve his bladder, and the gushing stream of water echoing around the room would become helpful rather than hurtful.

He stood in front of the toilet and readied himself to go. He shut his eyes as he waited for his bladder to unclench. Even here, in the comfort of his own home, it tended to take a minute. Nearly there…

“Uhhh, Vegeta?” Kakarot called out to him. “Are you okay?”

Dammit, he WAS making Kakarot worry. How long had he been in here? Obviously, longer than he usually would be. Kakarot knew not to disturb him while he was using the restroom, he’d only do it if he had a damn good reason. “A—Almost d—done,” Vegeta snapped. Fuck, why had he said that?! His bladder tensed, rather than loosening. He’d been so close to letting it out, too. Now he’d slammed his flood-gates closed by giving himself a reason to rush. “Shut up!”

Kakarot went quiet, but Vegeta’s stream remained locked away. His heart was racing now. He could NEVER go if he felt like he had a time-limit. Now, he did, and it was his own doing. Stupid, stupid… Kakarot was waiting on him. He could try THIS again later. It would be fine, he had nowhere else to go today, he’d have free access to his bathroom.

He zipped himself up and came back out. Kakarot thought he’d just relieved himself, so he couldn’t allow himself to still appear needy. That was NOT going to be simple. Kakarot could tell so easily, sometimes Vegeta thought Kakarot noticed he had to piss before he’d even registered it himself. Even the tiniest, most minor tells were picked up on right away.

Vegeta decided this meant he should do the opposite of what anyone would do when they needed the restroom. He made sure his legs were splayed far apart from each other, ignoring the pangs and shooting aches this sent down his length. He kept his arms by his sides. Most importantly, he tried to maintain all that looseness the massage had brought him. Tensing up again would lead to twitching, and Kakarot knew precisely what that meant.

Kakarot looked him over, frowning. Vegeta swore he saw confusion flicker across his features for a second, but it was gone right away. “How’s your arm now? It must feel way better now, right?”

Vegeta nodded.

“You wanna go spar in the gravity room, then?” Kakarot asked.

More time being observed by Kakarot probably wasn’t the BEST thing for Vegeta right now. But, he could never turn down an offer like that. He’d just have to work a little harder to keep Kakarot from getting suspicious. “Of course,” he said. “Are you ready to face my Blue form?”

“Only if you’re ready to face mine,” Kakarot grinned, his gaze flicking down to Vegeta’s legs quickly. But, not SO quickly that Vegeta didn’t notice.

If he thought anything was going on… “Oh, but first I need some water.” What the fuck was he doing? First, he’d rushed himself to the point that he hadn’t been able to go, now he was putting MORE liquid into his body?

He was staying home today, he COULD go whenever he wanted. Just, as soon as enough time had passed that it didn’t look weird to Kakarot. And, guzzling some water now would mean that moment would come sooner; Kakarot would understand him needing to pee again if he had a lot to drink.

Yeah, that was a good plan.

So much better than the alternative.

He couldn’t just ADMIT to Kakarot that he hadn’t been able to pee a couple minutes ago. Kakarot would assume his Problem had gotten worse, and then Vegeta would be forced to explain what had ACTUALLY happened. No way would he ever tell Kakarot that he’d failed to urinate because he’d accidentally gotten him too erect to go.

Kakarot wouldn’t even understand how that had happened.

It would be best to just hold it in until a decent amount of time had passed.

“Oh,” Kakarot said. “You’re thirsty?”

“Dying of thirst, if you must know,” Vegeta said. He approached his night-stand, where the large bottle Bulma had him finish each day was resting. Reluctance took hold. His bladder was already pounding, the urge to cross his legs was strong. There was already a lot of fluid in him, the container in his middle didn’t have a lot of room left.

He was hesitating. Hesitation was suspicious. He unscrewed the cap and started to chug down the water. His other hand gripped onto his night-stand as every swallow was accompanied by an annoyed, angry throb from his abdomen. Lurching spasms nearly caused him to shift from foot to foot, but he curled his toes and held firm.

He finished the bottle, all of it now coursing through his body, flowing rapidly towards an already agitated space.

Vegeta took a deep breath, feeling the way his bladder expanded as he inhaled. It hurt, but he kept the wince off his face as he turned to Kakarot. “Th—There. That’s better.”

Kakarot had his brows raised. “Vegeta… Um…”

“You ready to fight or not?”

“There’s… Nothing else you wanna—“

“Of course not!” Vegeta insisted. Fucking— How in the world could he tell?! Vegeta was doing EVERYTHING to prove his bladder was empty. He wasn’t wriggling, he’d just drank a bunch of water, when he looked down he wasn’t shaking at all! Nothing could be giving him away!

“‘Cause I know you didn’t— That you weren’t able to— Vegeta, you KNOW you can tell me when you’re having trouble, I don’t want ya going backwards on me now.”

“I’m not,” Vegeta huffed. “Th—There’s nothing—“

“I know you just took a super huge step,” Kakarot said. “So, that’s probably a shock to your system, and struggling again has gotta feel worse than usual, but—“

“That’s not— It’s— It’s more difficult when I’m being rushed.”

Kakarot’s expression fell. “Aw, man… I shouldn’t have said anything while you were in there. I didn’t mean for you to think you had to hurry, I was just getting nervous.”

Vegeta groaned. That stupid look on Kakarot’s face. His eyes all big and wide, his lip between his teeth… Ugh… Vegeta’s throat hurt. It felt dry even though he’d just downed so much water… So much water that was rapidly scorching down towards his bladder.

“A—Are you having trouble going at home?” Kakarot asked. “Did something new happen? I know you don’t wanna talk about this stuff, but you can tell me if—“

“Th—The Problem didn’t get worse,” Vegeta stammered. “I a—am still perfectly capable of… Handling myself here. It was… Just… This time… I… Well… Th—There is one other… thing… that can… Make it difficult to go.”

“Another thing…?” Goku wracked his brain. There were SO many things that made it impossible for Vegeta to pee, he couldn’t believe there was yet ANOTHER one to add to the list. He also couldn’t think of what it could possibly BE. Vegeta’s bladder locked up if someone was looking at him, if he could hear someone near him, if he could sense someone’s chi, if he was just generally feeling stressed…

“It’s… I don’t know if you’d understand this, but…”

“Hey, I’ve understood everything else, right?” Goku said. Vegeta had a habit of making his Problem seem SO complicated, whereas Goku saw it as super simple; Vegeta just had to relax, that was all…

“Er… Well… This is… Fuck, this is so humiliating… When you… When you massaged a… Specific area… My… Um… My body had… A certain… Involuntary reaction… And… Uh—“

“Huh? Of course I understand that!” Goku said, all the tension immediately fleeing from his body. THAT was all? Thank goodness! “Just ‘cause I don’t think about that stuff much doesn’t mean my thingy never stands up! Sometimes, it happens in the morning and I can’t go pee until it stops, either. It’s real annoying since I always gotta go so bad when I get up, too. You should have just told me that’s why it was taking you so long!”

“I— I’m not gonna just SAY something like that, Kakarot!” Vegeta yelled. The nerve of this moron… As if this was the sort of thing a person could freely speak about.

Of course, KAKAROT was freely speaking about it, but that was because he lacked a functioning brain.

Vegeta’s legs pressed back together as his indignation rose. No sense in trying to keep them apart now… He let them squeeze, let his knees rub. He wanted to rush back into his restroom now, but he was so mortified by this discussion that he remained glued to his spot.

“How come?” Kakarot asked. “I was getting worried that some of that stuff Frieza said to you was really getting to you, y’know? But, it was just a little thing like that?”

“And NOW you’re calling it ‘little’?!” Vegeta snapped. His fists balled, he started to raise them, but a particularly wicked spasm made him flinch, a few urgent hops ruining what COULD have been a very threatening moment. “We’ve swapped bodies, you know FULL well—“

Kakarot had the AUDACITY to begin laughing. “That’s not what I meant, Vegeta! You’re so funny!”

“I AM NOT!” Vegeta fumed, hooking one ankle around the other. There was nothing the least bit humorous about this situation!

“I guess that’s why you get nervous about having your thighs massaged? ‘Cause it makes your thingy stand up?”

“… It’s a highly sensitive area,” Vegeta mumbled. It definitely felt like some of that water had reached his bladder now. His opening was starting to twitch and flare.

“Go ahead and pee now, then,” Kakarot said. “I’ll wait.”

Vegeta returned to the bathroom, his bladder urging him to listen to Kakarot. He turned the sink back on before unzipping himself, expecting a long struggle after so much awkwardness had just taken place. So, he was quite surprised when it only took him a minute to begin urinating. Of course, he’d latched onto Kakarot’s chi, but he refused to consider that could have had anything to do with it.

The pressure eased, slowly dissipating. He had the urge to let out a blissful sigh again, like the one he’d accidentally released during his massage, but this time he was able to keep his jaw tight and prevent any embarrassing noises from coming out for Kakarot to hear. The relief soothed his aching midsection, and his tip no longer scorched, his body returning to the loose state it had momentarily found while Kakarot had been ironing his muscles back to normal.

Once he was empty, he hesitated to come back out. He doubted Kakarot was finished with their cringe-worthy conversation from before, and he dreaded returning to it.

He had to leave eventually though, pacing slowly into the bedroom, his face hot.

“That’s better, right?” Kakarot said. “Now, c’mon, let’s train.”

Was he actually dropping it? He didn’t have any further questions to ask? He wasn’t assuming that Vegeta already desired… More from him? Perhaps more than he wanted?

Not that Vegeta wanted to do THAT with Kakarot, either. Of course not. His body was the one acting stupid. Yes, he had been cursed to fall in love with Kakarot. Yes, some part of him thought Kakarot was attractive for some ridiculous reason. Yes, the mere thought of a submissive Kakarot was giving him the strangest feelings.

But, none of that meant he wanted anything!

And, even if he did (which he DIDN’T!), it was ultimately up to Kakarot.

“You know, just because I… Um… Responded like that, it doesn’t mean you have to… Or that I’m going to pressure you for—“

“Hm? I didn’t think you would,” Kakarot said. “Fighting’s way better anyways. Now, come on!”

“Alright, alright, settle down.”

“If I win, that means you owe me a hug!”

“You won’t win!”

“Well, if YOU win, you have to give me a hug to make me feel better!”

“Dammit, Kakarot!”

