Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*001*2022-02-05 18:12

Alex’s knees rubbed against one another as he miserably sat on the bus. He’d been needing the restroom for at least two hours now, and the fact that he was seated in the very back of the bus where he was forced to feel the full brunt of every bump in the road, didn’t help.

He and Adam were on their way to the state fair. It would be Alex’s first time attending, and he’d had no idea it was taking place so far away. If he’d known he was going to be on the bus for this long, then he wouldn’t have agreed with Adam to take it instead of having Adam drive them. If he was in the car with Adam, Alex could have asked him to please, please, PLEASE pull over somewhere ages ago. He didn’t know if he could ask the bus driver to do the same… And he couldn’t even find out; Adam was asleep, so Alex couldn’t check with him. And Adam was asleep against Alex’s shoulder, so Alex couldn’t just get up and go to the front of the bus to find out for himself.

Each time the bus stopped to drop people off or let them on, Alex wished he could bolt through the doors and find the closest restroom. But, the bus would only stay parked there for a minute or two, and Alex knew he wouldn’t be able to find a toilet, unload his bladder, and rush back before the bus left. Then he’d be stranded without Adam in an unfamiliar area. The thought sent shivers up his spine.

He just… He wished he and Adam were in THEIR car, the one that would stop and stay put until Alex was finished peeing! But, Adam had insisted taking the bus would be better for the environment, and Alex knew how much Adam cared about that sort of thing, so he just HAD to agree with him. He’d only been thinking about how Adam was worried about climate change, he should have been thinking more about his bladder!

Had he even remembered to go before they’d left home? He knew he went right after he’d woken up, but couldn’t remember going at any point after that… Not that it mattered, whether he’d emptied his bladder two seconds before he'd walked out the door or not, that didn’t change the fact that it was absolutely filled to the brim now.

He shimmied his hips as much as he could, wary of waking Adam up. He wished he could squirm for real. He wished he could twist around and cross his legs and bounce up and down in his seat and do whatever it took to make his need feel a little less critical. But, he couldn’t He didn’t want to bother Adam. He felt like such a burden on him all the time, Adam always had to explain so many basic things to him, he didn’t want to end up costing him sleep too!

So Alex just sat there, fighting to stay still as he restrained the need that was ferociously panging through his body. He kept staring out the window, every time they passed a building that he was sure contained a restroom he could use, he needed to clench his thighs tighter as his bladder refused to get the memo that he wasn’t going to be entering it.

After a while, Adam’s eyes began to crack open. He sat up straighter and yawned. “How long was I asleep for?”

“I—I don’t know…” Alex whimpered. Time had become little more than an illusion to him. It felt like he’d been stuck on this bus, enduring the awful strain in his midsection, for over five centuries.

Adam peered out the window, “Ah. Well, it looks like we’re nearly th— Are you alright?”

“Can I ask the driver to pull-over?” Alex pleaded, voice filled with hope. “I need the restroom…”

Adam frowned, “No… The driver can’t stop when he’s not supposed to, he has to stick to a schedule…” Adam’s heart twisted at the panic that swept over Alex’s face. It only lasted a brief second, but it said a million words about how he was feeling. “But, we’re really, really close to the fair. I promise. You’ll be able to go very soon!”

Alex gave a shaky nod, doubling over on himself with his hands between his legs. His eyes were big and watery. He inhaled sharply and scrunched up his face, and a moment later Adam saw a small dark spot forming on Alex’s shorts. Adam looked out the window again. “It should be about half an hour, okay? Can you make it that long?”

Alex shuddered and shook, feeling more of his liquid dribbling outwards, unable to restrain it. “I— I don’t think I can!” He felt tears building in the corners of his eyes. “Will I be in trouble if I go on the seat? I’ll— I’ll try and pay them for it somehow, I just— I can’t hold it, and—“

Adam plucked his bag from between his feet, hoping against hope that there was a bottle inside of it, or some kind of receptacle Alex could let flow into. He’d have to give Alex a few pointers on how to relieve himself into a bottle with his prosthetic, and learning how to do that while having a full-blown emergency wasn’t gonna be easy, but even if he messed up it would still be better than a total accident.

There WAS a bottle, but it was tiny. It wouldn’t fit much, and Adam debated whether having Alex let out a bit of his burden before having to cut his flow off midstream would be more helpful or more hurtful. “Alex,” Adam started. “I have an empty bottle, I don’t think it will hold very much, but if you wanted to get SOME of it out—“

“I can’t do that!” Alex squeaked, horrified. “Th—There’s people! I’ll get in lots of trouble!” Even as he protested the idea, his bladder continued to spurt its contents into the fabric of his shorts.

“We’re the only ones back here,” Adam said quietly. “Everyone else is way up front… I’ll let you cover up with my sweater, and if you go slowly enough it shouldn’t make as much noise. Hopefully nobody’ll notice what you’re doing. But, like I said, you’ll only be able to go a little, you’ll have to stop before you’re done. Do you think you can do that?”

Alex really, really wanted to let some out. Technically, he already WAS letting some out since he couldn’t get his leaks and dribbles to cease, but still. If he could actually just let his muscles relax for a few seconds, that would feel so ridiculously good. “O—Okay…”

Adam began taking off his sweater as he thought through how to get this done. Even if STPs were wonderful things, they weren’t capable of defying gravity. Alex couldn’t aim it into the bottle and let flow from a seated position. He was gonna need to get up onto his knees a little, spread them apart, position the prosthetic and bottle, then let it out. Hopefully he could do all that without having an accident. When the bus stopped at a red light, Adam talked Alex through the motions, wincing as Alex bit down hard on his lip while trying to assume the proper position. “Adam, I have to go so bad…” he whimpered.

“I know, I know,” Adam said. “Are your legs far enough apart?”

“Yes.”

Adam handed Alex the bottle, and awkwardly held his jacket up around Alex’s waist as he heard a zipper frantically being yanked downward. Adam sighed. Who was he kidding? Anyone who looked back here would know that they were doing SOMETHING out of the ordinary… He just hoped Alex was too far gone to realize that himself.

For a few seconds after Adam had heard Alex unzipping, he didn’t hear anything else. Alex whimpered slightly in the back of his throat. “Now I can’t go,” he whispered, sounding panicked. “Why can’t I go?”

“You’re… You’re nervous,” Adam said. “Just try and—“

The bus started moving again, jostling Alex pretty badly considering that his current position was not ideal for riding in a moving vehicle. The jolt slammed into his bladder like a fifty pound weight, but even that wasn’t enough to get his flow going. Perhaps that was fortunate, however, since it no doubt would have caused a mess if he’d let go in that instant.

Alex let out a frustrated sigh that quickly transfigured itself into a pained moan. “I can’t do it,” he whimpered out.

“That’s… That’s okay,” Adam said. We’re almost there. We’re really close. I promise.”

Alex tucked his prosthetic back into his boxers and gripped hold of his zip, his bladder spasmed as he yanked his zipper back up tooth by tooth. His shorts dug into the swollen bump in his core, his hips shimmying and his toes tapping as he handed the still-empty bottle back to Adam and sat down properly once more.

“It’s okay,” Adam repeated. “We’ll be there very soo—“

“Can I just not pee anymore?” Alex asked in a panicked, breathless voice. “I don’t understand, why couldn’t I—“

“No, you can still go,” Adam said. “Sometimes when you’re tense, it doesn’t come out even if you really want it to. It happens. That was an unusual position to try and pee in, your body probably didn’t understand what it was supposed to do. That’s all.”

“This would be so much easier if I was just a normal guy!” Alex sighed. “If I was, then I wouldn’t have to get into such a weird, tense position to go in the bottle, I could just do it, and I would have been able to relax, and—“

“Hey,” Adam said. He stroked Alex’s shoulder. “You ARE a normal guy. You just… You ‘froze up’. And you know what? Cisgender men also ‘freeze up’ sometimes. There are lots of cis men that would feel uncomfortable trying to take a leak on a bus when there are strangers a few rows ahead of them, and they wouldn’t be able to get it to come out either. You’re normal, you’re okay.”

“Th—Thanks,” Alex gritted out. “I’m… I’m not okay, though. I can’t hold— Oooh!— I can’t hold it!”

Adam patted Alex’s shoulder, he didn’t want to agree with the poor thing, but it certainly LOOKED like he was correct. Alex was in constant motion, all tied up in knots. “It’s okay…” Adam said soothingly.

But, Alex couldn’t be soothed. Every time he stayed in the same position for longer than one second, he felt urine beginning to push against his throbbing urethra, trying to slam its way right out of the prison of his bladder. He crossed his legs, he fanned them in and out, he bounced them up and down as fast as he could. None of it took the edge off his desperation even the tiniest bit! He just… He just had to PEE so bad! He felt like he wanted to crawl out of his skin. He wanted to stand up so he could bend around more, but if he could stand that would mean they’d finally arrived. And if they’d finally arrived, that would mean he could rush for the nearest restroom, unzip his shorts and just let it all loose. And if he could finally let it all loose, that would mean that he could finally stop holding it, could finally be free from the agony and—

He ordered himself to stop. Thinking about how amazing peeing would feel only made him need to do it worse— He was shocked that he COULD need to do it any worse, but as a horrific throb pulsed through his entire lower half, he realized that he could. ‘Think of something else!’ He told himself. He tried to mentally recite every Bible verse he’d ever memorized, but then he started thinking about The Genesis Flood, and hoped Noah had had plenty of places to pee on the boat otherwise listening to all that rain for so long must have been agonizing…

That… Was probably NOT the sort of thought he should ever HAVE about a Biblical figure, but he couldn’t stop himself. And now that he’d thought about it, he couldn’t stop thinking about the sound of rain, gushing, pouring, splashing… He imagined HIMSELF gushing away, inhaling and exhaling as his urine was finally allowed to work its way out, pouring away and splashing even louder than the most brutal rainstorm ever could!

‘Stop it!’ Alex scrunched up his face and squeezed his eyes shut. ‘You can hold it. You can hold it. Just wait. PLEASE just wai— OHHH, I HAVE TO GO!! IT HURTS!’ He couldn’t take it any more. He had never needed to pee this badly before. He couldn’t take it. He just couldn’t. Too much pressure. Too much liquid. Too much. Just… Too much. He was certain he was gonna lose it. He squirmed and tightened himself up so much that he was totally out of his seat.

A surge of pressure tackled him so hard it almost knocked him off his feet. “Ohhh, please….” he whimpered, not even realizing he was speaking aloud. “I have to goooooo!” His muscles were tiring out, losing the ability to function. He HAD to let them take a break— Just for a second! Just one second would feel glorious!

He couldn’t keep it together. He just couldn’t. First, it had been uncomfortable, then urgent, then painful, then it had felt like he was going to have an accident, and now… He didn’t even know what to call what he was feeling now. His heart was beating like a wild drummer, it was actually enough to make his chest hurt! He had never felt desperation like this before, he was panicking and out of control. He was going to die if he didn’t go.

He was rocking back and forth, his hands pressed his thighs tight together, his feet tapping. ‘I have to go… I have to go… I have to go… I can’t wait. I can’t do it. I have to go right now. I have to find a urinal. Please, I just need a urinal so bad!’ He whimpered out loud, a sharp, panicked noise as he sucked in his cheeks, feeling some of his leakage beginning to go down his legs.

Adam’s eyes were fixed on the window, just as desperate as Alex was for the ride to be over with. He exhaled when they passed a sign pointing toward the fair. “Alex, we’re here!” he said. “You’ll be able to go in a couple minutes— Just a couple more minutes, can you do that?”

Alex’s hands fidgeted between his thighs, “I’m trying…”

The bus soon came to a stop and the people ahead of them started to exit. Sitting in the back of the bus HAD given them ample privacy for Alex to attempt to make use of the empty bottle, but now it only meant they had to wait for everyone else to depart before they could leave. “Just a few more minutes,” Adam repeated, but Alex’s body didn’t believe his words and for a second Alex couldn’t do anything aside from swaying back and forth on his tightly crossed legs, doubled over in agony.

“Hurry…” Alex mumbled under his breath. “Hurry. Hurry. Please hurry up…” His abdomen was totally distended and felt like it was made of concrete. He was going to pee on himself. He knew he was. He couldn’t make it. Any second now, his leaks and dribbles would turn into a stream and he’d flood his shorts and the floor below his feet. He was straining with all his strength, but the pee was relentless in its efforts to shove its way down and out.

Adam took him into the aisle a moment later, and the people ahead of them were too slow! Now that he was more visible to others, Alex was trying so hard not to contort himself too ridiculously, but he couldn’t control it, his body acted of its own accord now as it fought against the odds to keep his urine where it belonged. ‘HURRY!’ he thought desperately. ‘PLEASE. I’m going to have an accident if you don’t! Hurry, hurry, hurry!’

Step by agonized, throbbing step, Alex exited the bus, Adam right after him. Adam opened his mouth, “Oka—“

“Adam, where can I go!?” Alex cried out instantly. The pressure was everywhere now, in every last corner of his bloated, waterlogged body.

“There are portable toilets in the fair, we’d have to get tickets fi—“

Alex noticed the line for the tickets, “N—No, I can’t! I’m— I’m already going, I can’t stop it!”

Adam pretended like he hadn’t noticed his partner’s leakage. “Okay, okay, don’t panic.” He spun around and around. It was daylight, the parking lot they were in was barren… If Alex went somewhere here, he’d have an audience and a lot of explaining to do.

But, across the street was a restaurant. “Let’s eat before we go to the fair,” Adam said, pointing towards it.

“I need—“

“I know what you need, you’ll be able to go there, it’s just a short walk, you can do this,” Adam promised.

Alex followed Adam across the street, every one of his steps was slow and clumsy and hurt so, so bad. He thought of the stories of Hell that had frightened him throughout his life, and felt certain that THIS was something every sinner must have felt for all eternity as they suffered in that awful place. If his theory was true, then he feared Hell more than ever before. His holding muscles felt as if they really were being bathed in Hellfire from restraining so much pee for so long. He tried to hurry, his body begging for relief louder and louder with every second.

As fast as he dared to move, he made it to the other side of the street. He was close. So close. So very, very close. Encouraged, Alex picked up his pace until they were at the door. Adam pushed it open, both of Alex’s hands immobilized between his thighs. A hostess began to greet them, then stared at Alex, “Our restrooms are only for custo—“

“We’re going to eat here,” Adam interrupted, putting an arm across Alex’s back. He felt very protective of his poor, full boyfriend, and hoped that this reminder of how truly blatant his desperation was hadn’t embarrassed him too much.

“Alright,” the hostess said. She led them into the dining room, but before they’d been shown to a table, Alex saw the precious, blessed sign depicting a blue stickman tucked away in one corner of the restaurant, and just took off towards it before he’d even consciously thought about it. He just put one foot in front of the other, unable to think of anything else. It felt like he was walking for miles and miles. He looked up, only a few feet from the door, only a few feet from sweet, sweet, glorious relief… His bladder squeezed downward and a pulse of urine shot into his boxers as he shoved the door open.

There were a few other guys in the room, something that always made Alex nervous. Adam had told him about a time when something really scary had happened to him in a public restroom; Early on in his transition, when people didn’t always read him as male, there had been a few that didn’t approve of him and thought they could teach him a lesson with their fists. Adam hadn’t told Alex that to scare him, just to make him aware that sometimes, places weren’t safe. This was why normally when Alex had to go in public, Adam came with him, so that if the place wasn’t safe, Adam could try and MAKE it safe.

But, this time Alex had just been so desperate he hadn’t waited for Adam, and now, even with as full as his bladder was, even with as intense as his need was, he felt frightened. Surely, if anyone was questioning if he was a guy, they’d stop doing so when he unzipped himself at the urinal, ri—

The door opened, and there was Adam. Alex’s momentary fear flooded from him, and immediately afterward he received a harsh reminder that something ELSE needed to flood from him as well. Adam put a hand to his back, and Alex found himself again enough to dash for the urinals. He was unzipping before he was anywhere near close enough, but that meant that the instant he was stood before it, his STP was out and right where it needed to be.

And then he just… Relaxed.

PSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!

The floodgates slammed wide open and urine gushed out of his body, splashing into the urinal as he grit his teeth together to keep from letting out a moan that would have been just way too perverse for his liking. This felt… This… There were no words to adequately describe how this felt. It felt like he was being blessed. It felt like he was being slathered in warm goodness from head to toe. It was just… It was just a such a relief. Even if he was fighting not to moan, he couldn’t stop the heavy exhale of air through his nose, a loud and satisfied sigh.

Adam had never been comfortable using public restrooms that weren’t meant for a single user ever since the incident where he’d been hurt. He only did it if it was an emergency and he had no other option. Since he’d started accompanying Alex, however, sometimes the sound of Alex’s release would just… Really get to his own bladder and he’d have no choice but to join him.

With as much as Alex was spraying that urinal, this was definitely one of those times. Adam took one of the other urinals and unzipped to let out his own stream. After he’d been going for a few seconds, the sensation of relief washing over him, he realized that he’d gotten pretty full on the bus ride as well. He’d just been so focused on Alex’s needs that he’d failed to notice his own.

By the time they’d both finished— Alex doing so with one of the most intense pee-shivers Adam had ever seen a person have, the room was emptied and they both felt a little safer. In addition to safer, Alex now felt thirty pounds lighter. “Phew…” he sighed as he zipped up.

“Better now?” Adam asked, zipping his own shorts.

Alex nodded, blinking a bit dazedly. “Can’t believe I—“ he stopped abruptly as he began to walk towards the sinks, the damp, clammy feelings of the wet patches on his shorts registering to him. He felt himself turning red. “I didn’t— I didn’t make it completely,” he said. “I… A lot came out before I could—“

“It’s okay,” Adam said. “Don’t be emb—“

Alex looked down now, inspecting the damage. It didn’t help that his shorts were grey, all the wet spots showed up really well. “Adam, I can’t go to the fair like this. Everyone will see and know that I— That I didn’t totally make it…”

Adam thought for a moment. Then he turned on one of the sinks. “Uh-oh,” he said. “They should get someone to fix the sinks here! They spray a lot!”

“But, Adam, it’s not—“

Adam reached his hand under the faucet, then flung it back to splash Alex. “Yes, it is! See?” He splashed Alex a few more times, his shorts got wetter, and so did his shirt. Soon, he had wet patches going up all the way to his neck.

“Adam!” Alex whined. “What was—“

“Nobody is going to think you’re wet because you couldn’t hold it now,” Adam said. “Not when you’re wet all over.”

Alex thought that over, “I… I guess people don’t usually have wet shirt collars when they pee themselves…”

“Exactly, no one will be able to tell that it’s not ALL water,” Adam said.

“Th—Thank you,” Alex said. “I’m really sorry that you always have to take care of me and stuff.”

“Alex…” Adam said. “I’m supposed to take care of you, I love you. It’s my job… We take care of each other.”

“But, I’m always messing stuff up, and getting confused, and now I can’t even make it to the toilet in time…”

“You don’t always have to do things perfectly the first time,” Adam said. “And, it makes sense that things confuse you. The… The way you grew up, it just didn’t prepare you for the world, and that’s not your fault. And… Everyone’s had accidents, it’s normal.”

“But, I’m an adult,” Alex said. “I’m too old to—“

Adam held up a hand, “Can you keep a secret for me?”

“You’re the only person I’d tell a secret to,” Alex pointed out.

“I guess that’s true…” Adam said. “I had an accident not too long ago. That day you were out with your Mom and your little siblings? You accidentally took both the keys to the apartment. I got home, just DYING to go, and I couldn’t get in. I tried to hold it, but I couldn’t. So, I was gonna try and go in the bushes out front instead, but I was scared to do that out in the open in case one of our neighbors walked by before I’d finished. And I ended up taking too long trying to decide if I should do it, then my body just… Decided for me. I went right where I was standing, and I couldn’t stop it.”

Alex thought about this. “Wait… Is that why you were soaked from head to toe when my Mom dropped me off?” he asked. “You said you tried to water the bushes and something went wrong with the hose!”

“…Yeah, after I was… Done. I went and soaked myself with the hose to try and cover it up. And, I mean, I only sorta lied. I WAS trying to ‘water’ the bushes, and something DID go wrong…”

“Heh… That’s how you thought of the thing with the sink just now, isn’t it?”

“Yeah. Drenching myself worked on you, so drenching you should work on other people.”

“Thank you, Adam… I do feel better now.”

