Endless Day

Author: specialflakes

*000*2016-10-06 21:43

This was a request from Pain

, who gave me the prompt for the story, but I thought I’d post it here as well. I did originally write the whole thing as a oneshot, but because it was so long, I thought it would be better to post it in multiple parts.

Note: this takes place in the early 1960’s, because I love that era. Keep in mind I wasn’t alive back then, so I may not get everything right.

Away we go!

* * *

The morning sunlight streamed through the skylight window, gently stroking Dylan’s cheek as the boy roused from sleep. Dylan frowned as he opened his eyes and took in his surroundings. His bed was too comfortable. His pyjamas were too clean. And most puzzling of all: this wasn’t his room. It was much too nice. The walls were a rich light blue, the floor a gleaming hardwood, and the large room was decorated with exquisite marble furniture.

It was only after a few seconds when the fog of sleepiness dissolved away that it all clicked together. That’s right. This was his room. He was going to live here!

Infused with energy, eight-year-old Dylan skipped out of bed, admiring his new home. He peered out the skylight, where he could see clouds in the bright blue sky, as well as tree canopies surrounding the window frame. He couldn’t believe he was having the privilege of living here. It was like a palace! He brought his hand to his arm to pinch himself, but then stopped. If this was a dream, he didn’t want to wake up.

Just then, there was a soft knock at the door. “Dylan! Are you awake, love?”

Dylan was snapped out of his daze by the sound of the woman’s voice. He had been so entranced by this beauty of his bedroom that he’d almost forgotten that it was attached to other rooms, which were probably just as, if not more, lovely as this one. Suddenly dying to explore the rest of the house, Dylan burst out of the room, not noticing that he’d brushed right past the woman who was knocking on the door. Dylan could tell right away that this was a mansion. The hallway was wide and had numerous doors on both sides, hosting a variety of mysterious rooms. Dylan thought he’d best find a bathroom before he did any exploring; after all, he hadn’t gone since last night. However, before he could even begin trying all these sets of doors, Dylan felt something tug on his arm, and he turned to see a young woman smiling at him.

“Whoa there!” She laughed, letting go of his arm. “Don’t go running off on us now.” She had apple cheeks and curly black hair, which was up in a bun. She was dressed in a black dress with a loose-fitting white apron and headpiece. Dylan stared her, blinking.

“Oh, that’s right,” she said. “Your parents didn’t have a chance to introduce me last night. I’m Theresa, the servant housemaid. Anything you need, you just let me know, okay love?”

Dylan nodded. She smiled. “Good. Now let’s go downstairs, there’s a big, healthy breakfast waiting in the kitchen. Mr and Mrs Bradwell are down there too, they’ll be very happy to see you. They’ve got a big day planned for today, I think.” She took Dylan’s hand and led the boy towards the grand staircase. They reached the main foyer, which had black and white checkered floor tiles, and a grand piano off to the side by the curtains.

“Mrs. Bradwell, she’s a wonderful pianist,” Theresa said, noticing Dylan’s eyes on the large instrument. They walked through the archway towards the kitchen, and Dylan suddenly felt something soft brush against his leg. He looked down and saw what appeared to be a giant white ball of fuzz. It was only when he heard a meow and saw two green eyes looking up at him curiously that he realized what it was.

“Hello Goldine,” Theresa said, reaching down to pet the cat. She then turned to Dylan. “Go on, love, give her a stroke, she really likes that.”

Hesitantly, Dylan brought his hand down towards Goldine’s pristine white coat and began to stroke it. The cat purred, relishing the warm and gentle feel of Dylan’s fingers against her fur, and nuzzled up to Dylan’s leg. Dylan jumped, not used to this kind of reaction.

Theresa chuckled. “Don’t worry love, that just means she likes you. She’s very sweet. You two will be good friends, I think.”

After getting over the initial shock, Dylan slowly began to caress the cat again, realizing how nice and therapeutic it felt. Maybe Theresa was right. Maybe they could be good friends. After all, it would be nice to have a silent companion, someone who didn’t insist on talking all the time. To him, words were meaningless. He never used them unless it was an emergency. Over the years he had taught himself to repress his entire vocabulary, and it had been effective, at least with Carolynne. It wasn't a choice he had made; it was simply the way he had to be.

“Come along, then,” Theresa said. “I can see she wants some breakfast too. Don’t you, Goldine?”

The cat purred.

They entered the kitchen, and the first thing Dylan saw was a bountiful bouquet laid out on the table. His eyes widened. He’d never seen so much food. There were Belgian waffles, hard boiled eggs, sizzling sausages and bacon, a tray of warm chocolate chip cookies, a large bowl filled to the top with fresh colourful fruits, and a loaf of white bread. Dylan’s stomach growled.

“Mmm, I think somebody’s hungry.” Dylan turned to see another woman, with wavy red hair and soft green eyes, sitting at the table smiling at him. She was dressed in a nightgown and lilac robe, and was sipping a cup of coffee. “Come here, darling, give your mommy a kiss.”

Dylan slowly made his way to the table, still eyeing the seemingly endless quantity of food. He went towards the woman’s open arms and sank into her embrace, surprised at the warmth and softness that arose from the contact. She tapped the side of her face, and Dylan planted a shy kiss on the woman’s cheek.

“Oh, he’s a darling!” the woman squealed.

Theresa smiled. “Where’s your husband, ma’am?”

“Out fetching the paper,” she replied, stroking Dylan’s hair. “Now Dylan, I don’t think we had a chance to talk much last night. You were so sleepy when we brought you home. But my name’s Ilana. You can call me that if you’d like, or you can call me Mom, which is my personal preference. You can also call me Mrs. Bradwell, or Ila, or whatever you want! I don’t care. I’m just so happy we finally have a little boy of our own.” She kissed the top of his head.

Theresa chuckled. “Come now, I think we should let the young man have something to eat. He must be starving.”

“Oh, that’s right!” Ilana said. “Why, look at him, he’s so skinny. No child of mine will be as thin as a rail! We’re going to have to make him nice and plump, like a little chick. Go on, then, my boy. Eat, eat all you want. You’re going to need lots of nourishment for the day we’ve got planned today.”

Theresa laid a hand on his back, gently pushing him towards an empty chair. She served him a plate, and Dylan picked up his fork, his mouth watering. He didn’t even know where to start! Everything looked amazing. Finally picking out the reddest strawberry he’d ever seen, he was just about to bring the fruit to his lips, when he suddenly heard heavy footsteps padding into the room. Everybody turned towards the doorway, where a tall, serious-looking man stood, holding a newspaper.

“Good morning, Mr. Bradwell,” Theresa said, smiling. Her body was tense. Her smile didn’t look so pleasing and natural this time, Dylan noticed. It almost seemed … forced.

“Morning,” the man said stiffly. He suddenly locked eyes with Dylan, and the boy shrank a bit, suddenly feeling shaky.

“Ah,” the man said. “So he’s awake. Come here, boy, let your father get a good look at you.”

Dylan got up, and Theresa gently put a hand on his back again, guiding him towards the man. There was a sudden silence in the room, and it felt very off-putting. Dylan didn’t like it.

“Well then,” the man said, with his deep, commanding voice. “You’re going to be a Bradwell now, Dylan. I hope you realize how important that is.” The man towered over the small boy; Dylan had to crane his head up to see his eyes. “Do you have any questions, or perhaps… concerns?” His voice dropped slightly in volume at the last word. Dylan quickly shook his head. “Good. Welcome to the household, then, Dylan.” The man outstretched his hand, and Dylan shook it. The man’s grip was quite strong, almost snake-like, and Dylan couldn’t even feel his hand anymore, trapped in the colossal mass of muscles and fibers that was the older man’s hand.

Finally, the man released Dylan, and looked him over briefly before nodding. “Well, I suppose that will do. Go and have your breakfast. We’ll leave shortly.” Relieved, Dylan sat down again and began to eat. It was delicious. The best food he’d had in years. Everything tasted like it was made in heaven! However, the taste of the syrup-covered waffles soured slightly when he heard the man whispering to his wife.

“Why doesn’t the boy talk, Ilana?”

“Neil, we’ve been over this. It hasn’t been easy for him, poor thing. No father and an abusive mother, how do you think he’s going to adjust? We’re lucky he’s not a psychopath.”

“Still, that’s not normal! Have you ever seen a child behave like that? He doesn’t say a word!”

“Neil, you promised. Having not been blessed with a child of our own, this is the next best thing. I think he’s wonderful.”

Neil sighed and shook his head. “You think a lot of things, Ilana.”

Having noticed Dylan’s focus shift from his breakfast to the conversation between his foster parents, Theresa laid a hand on the boy’s shoulder, nervously clearing her throat. “Go on, child, have something to eat. You don’t want your food growing cold.”

Dylan picked up his fork and resumed eating, although his mind was still half-focused on the conversation.

“Would you like something to drink, love?” Theresa asked, holding a jug of freshly-squeezed orange juice. “Some juice, perhaps?”

Dylan suddenly stiffened. The sight of orange juice brought forth an unpleasant reminder. He hadn’t used the bathroom today. His bladder gave a slight twitch, the liquid inside pushing to get out. Dylan mentally kicked himself for not using the bathroom after he’d woken up. Now he was in no position to ask. No matter, he thought. He would simply have to wait until after breakfast, and hopefully he’d get a chance to go then. It was nothing major. Many times, he’d been forced to hold it for hours when Carolynne had locked him in his room. He was used to it.

Dylan nodded politely to Theresa, who smiled and poured him the juice. Despite his now distracting urge to urinate, Dylan couldn’t deny that his thirst was more important, so he took a few big gulps, finishing the entire glass in a manner of seconds. He smiled and licked his lips, a bright orange moustache crowning his mouth.

“We’ve got a big day planned for today, Dylan,” Ilana said excitedly. Dylan suddenly noticed that Neil had disappeared, and the general atmosphere was indeed calmer again. “We’re going to go downtown. It’ll be so much fun! We live in the uptown residential district, so going down there is always a real treat. You’re going to love it!”

“He certainly does look excited,” Theresa remarked. “Look, his eyes lit up!”

It was true. Dylan had never been to a big city before. With Carolynne, he had lived in a small, dirty apartment in a poor, rat-infested lot. It was dangerous for him to step outside to go to school, let alone explore the town.

“Aww, my little guy,” Ilana gushed. She gave Dylan another kiss. Dylan grimaced. Despite everything, he still had his childlike instincts, and getting bathed in kisses was not his cup of tea.

Theresa chuckled. “I think you’re smothering him, dear.”

Ilana blushed. “Oh, I’m sorry, darling. I’m just so happy. We’ve always wanted a child, you know. All these years, we’ve had only Goldine to keep us company.”

“Don’t forget me, ma’am,” Theresa added, looking slightly hurt.

“Oh, of course. How could I? And you, Theresa.”

Theresa beamed.

Neil poked his head in through the door. “Hey, enough yakking in there! Are you going to finish eating that breakfast or not? We haven’t got all day!” He left the room again.

Ilana rolled her eyes. “So impatient. I guess we’d better do what he says.” She turned to Dylan, patting his hand. “Finish up, darling, there’ll be plenty more where that came from.”

Dylan nodded and returned to his breakfast, now eating twice as fast. Theresa offered him another glass of orange juice, which he politely accepted, despite his thirst being taken care of. He only drank about half of it, not wanting to make his bladder any fuller. After finishing the last morsel of his breakfast, Dylan gave a little burp and daintily wiped himself with a napkin. It was by far the best breakfast he’d had in years. However, while his appetite had certainly been more than satiated, his bulging stomach reminded him that there was still another important manner he had to take care of.

His bladder was getting quite impatient now, reminding him constantly that he had to go. And while it hadn’t yet gotten to the point where he was absolutely desperate, it was getting to be a real nuisance, and Dylan was longing to release all that foul liquid inside him. Besides, he felt somewhat embarrassed to be around his potential new family while being in this state. Surely it wasn’t proper for a young upper-class boy to walk around his parents like that! With Carolynne, sure, but that was another story.

“Come, Dylan, let’s get you dressed,” Theresa said, taking Dylan’s hand. The boy followed her back upstairs to his bedroom, slightly disappointed that he wasn’t given a chance to go off on his own, since it would have been much easier to sneak off to the bathroom then. He tried not to worry; he would just have to wait a few more minutes until Theresa finished dressing him, then he’d go and use the bathroom.

“Now, let’s see here,” Theresa murmured, ruffling through the various expensive clothes that lined the oakwood closet. “Aha!”

She pulled out a beige suit, then turned to Dylan again. “Hold still, now.” She stripped off Dylan’s pyjama pants, neatly laying them on his bed, then reached for his shirt. Dylan’s eyes widened. He shook his head quickly as he gripped his shirt, not wanting her to remove an inch of it.

“What’s the matter?” Theresa frowned. Dylan bit his lip; he couldn’t let her see what was underneath, it was too shameful and disturbing. But she somehow managed to swat his hands away, and pulled the shirt off against Dylan’s will. She gasped.

“Oh, Dylan…” There were scars everywhere, blood red and searing, cutting into his body like razorblades. Tears filled Theresa’s eyes. Dylan looked at the ground.

“Ilana told me what your mother did to you,” Theresa said, softly. “Unbelievable. You’re the sweetest and most adorable boy I’ve ever met, how could she possibly treat you like that? Of course, it’s despicable that anyone would do that to a child, but a child as cute and innocent as you!”

It was true. Despite being somewhat scrawny, Dylan had always been a beautiful boy. His rosy cheeks, light blonde hair and clear blue eyes had earned him numerous affectionate glances and loving smiles from adults. All except Carolynne, who would always look at him with either scorn or disgust. She’d used to be quite beautiful herself, until she started smoking and drinking and became a wreck. Dylan shook his head. He had to stop thinking about her. She was gone now. This was his new life.

Theresa sighed and shook her head, trying to re-compose herself. “Right, then. Let’s get your socks off.”

Dylan slipped off his socks, leaving him in just his blue briefs; he was relieved Theresa didn’t ask him to remove those as well. She dressed him in his new outfit, a pair of shorts with a shirt and blazer, then slipped on his socks and shoes—a pair of sleek brown oxfords. Dylan squirmed. Although he certainly felt very elegant in his new attire, the belt on his shorts was pressing painfully on his bladder, and he was becoming very anxious to relieve it. As if Theresa could detect the distress in Dylan’s eyes, she suddenly said,

“There we go, all dressed! My, you look quite handsome, Dylan! Let’s go to the bathroom to put on the finishing touches.”

Hearing the word bathroom made Dylan twitch with ecstasy. Finally, he would have his relief! He followed Theresa towards the luxurious-looking private bathroom, trying to ignore the nagging pain in his bladder. What did it matter now, he was going to the bathroom anyway! Theresa followed him in and placed him in front of the mirror. She brushed his teeth, combed his hair, and even dabbed some cologne on him. All the while, Dylan couldn’t stop glancing longingly at the toilet that was only a few feet away. He was almost tempted to break his vow of silence and ask Theresa to let him use it, but he decided to be patient. He could hold a little bit longer. Just a little bit.

Finally, after gelling Dylan’s hair, Theresa was done. She inspected her work proudly.

“Ah, now you are a real gentleman. No need to thank me, it was my pleasure! Well, I suppose that will do for now. I must head back to the kitchen now, Dylan, those dishes aren’t going to clean themselves! Oh, I’ve got a lot of work to do today…”

Humming cheerfully to herself, Theresa disappeared into the hallway. Dylan practically tripped over himself in his rush to the toilet. However, just as he began to fiddle with his belt, he suddenly heard voices calling from downstairs.

“Dylan, honey, let’s go!” It was Ilana.

“Come on, now! We’re going to miss the streetcar!” Neil shouted.

Dylan froze. Just as soon as she had gone out, Theresa rushed back in and grabbed Dylan’s arm. Dylan realized he had forgotten to shut the door and mentally kicked himself again.

“Come on, we don’t want to keep them waiting,” Theresa said, pulling the boy out of the bathroom and leading him down the stairs. Dylan whimpered. He had been so close. So, so close. Now he didn’t know what to do. The pressure in his bladder was too strong to ignore anymore, but now there was also the pressure coming from his new parents, who were waiting for him downstairs. It was a real dilemma.

“Here he is!” Theresa said as they arrived at the front entrance.

“Hmm, took you long enough,” Neil grumbled.

“I’m sorry,” Theresa apologized. “I was just trying to make him look nice. I guess I went a bit overboard.”

“Well, I think he looks charming,” Ilana smiled. They looked quite nice themselves. Ilana wore a floral sundress and pearl necklace, her purse slung around her shoulder, and Neil was dressed in a proper suit, hat, and cane.

He checked his watch. “The streetcar is leaving in five minutes. We have to go, now.”

Ilana rolled her eyes. “Oh, all right. Say goodbye to Theresa, Dylan.”

Dylan, who was already being dragged out the door by Neil, waved goodbye to the friendly housemaid, who smiled and waved back.

“Bye Dylan! Have fun!” Goldine had stalked into the room and was now resting beside Theresa’s right leg. She meowed, as if also wishing Dylan goodbye.

"I told you we should have taken the car!" Ilana said to Neil as the three of them ran to the tram station to catch the streetcar. Neil was the only one who managed to do this comfortably, since Ilana was wearing heels and Dylan’s bladder was too full for him to run around painlessly. He could feel all the liquid sloshing around inside, and he moaned quietly, putting a hand to his stomach. Even so, he couldn’t help noticing that they lived in a really nice neighbourhood. All the houses were tall and impressive, with perfectly kept yards and clean streets. He supposed this was what all rich neighbourhoods must look like, but nevertheless it was surprising for him, given his upbringing.

They finally made it to the station, and Dylan looked longingly at the public washrooms inside the crowded building. He was starting to think he had made a terrible mistake by not using the bathroom before they left. Now he didn’t know what he was going to do. He had no idea how long they were going to be out for, and if he would be able to hold it until they got home. But holding it was his only choice now, so reluctantly Dylan stepped onto the streetcar with Ilana and Neil, hoping things would be all right.

*002*2016-11-03 19:48

Here’s the next chapter for anyone who’s interested.

PS: I usually don’t ask for comments, but I would love to hear what people think of this story! Besides Pain, I know he likes it ;)

“You filthy cocksucker!”

“Bitch!”

Dylan yawned and rubbed his eyes as he wandered out of his bedroom, awakened once again by his spatting parents. This time, however, their fighting sounded particularly intense. The shouting had escalated to full-blown screaming, cursing, hitting; Dylan could hear glass being shattered (probably empty wine bottles).

He stepped to the end of the hallway and peeked around the doorway, watching as the fight drew to its climax.

“Please, Dave, you can’t do this to me!” Carolynne pleaded.

“I’m sorry, but this isn’t healthy. I can’t handle you when you’re like this. You’re not the woman I married,” David said.

“Please! I promise I’ll stop drinking! You can’t leave me, Dave!”

“It’s too late for promises, Carolynne. You really need to get some help. I can’t live here anymore. Goodbye.” And with that, he slammed the door, disappearing into the night forever.

“DAVE!!!” Carolynne fell to her knees, sobbing into her hands. Dylan watched, wide-eyed. He’d never seen her like this. Hesitantly, he walked over to his shaking mother, placing a hand on her shoulder.

“Mommy?” he said. “Where’s Daddy?”

Carolynne looked up. Her eyes were bloodshot and twitchy. “You…” she growled. “You stinkin’ brat! It’s all your fault!” She got up and pushed him, so hard that he fell against the wall. “Get out of here! I never want to see you again!”

Dylan ran back to his room, locking the door behind him. He crawled back into bed and clutched the thick bedsheet to his face, lying sleepless all night.

Things only got worse from there.

One morning, several years later, Dylan woke up and hesitantly stumbled out of his bedroom, still in pain. He was not looking forward to seeing Carolynne, after the severe beating she’d given him last night. He could still feel the cigarette burns on his stomach, the bits of glass stuck to his hair, the cut on his cheek after her sharp fingernails had scratched him. But he hadn’t had anything to eat for almost two days, and he was absolutely starving. Even if he could sneak some scraps from the kitchen, that would be fine, just as long as he could eat something.

He winced as he took another step. It hurt to walk. He was starting to worry she might downright kill him one of these days (although that would certainly be better than continuing to live in this hell).

However, as Dylan hobbled through the hallway, he noticed that it was strangely quiet today. Usually he’d be able to hear Carolynne moaning, sobbing, or growling. But not today. Not even the radio was on. Even more strange, there was an unusual smell; instead of the perpetual smell of tobacco, Dylan smelled something stronger, more pungent. Like burnt metal.

He carefully stepped into the living room, looking around for any sign of Carolynne. Nothing. Dylan swallowed. He waded through all the garbage, empty beer cans, rat droppings, and shards of glass on the floor, trying to find out what was going on. Suddenly, he felt his foot touch something wet and sticky. He looked down, and his heart stopped: it was blood.

Feeling a horrible shudder go through him, Dylan noticed that there was a trail of blood leading towards the bathroom. He didn’t know what to do. Taking a deep breath, he finally decided to follow the trail, that strange smell getting stronger and more revolting the closer he got to the bathroom door.

Dylan paused, his sweaty hand on the doorknob. He put his ear to the door, trying to see if he could hear anything inside. Silence. Trembling, Dylan slowly opened the door and stepped inside. He pulled the chain cord, turning on the one dim lightbulb in the room, and a mass of spiders skittered from the walls toward a dark corner. Dylan gasped.

The first thing he saw was her eyes, wide open and staring into nothing. Her hair, her face, everything was stained with blood. Her body lay stiff and motionless on the floor, surrounded by a pool of wine-red liquid. Dylan stared in horror, his eyes wandering down to Carolynne’s hand, which was clutching a black revolver.

* * *

Dylan opened his eyes and sat up, gasping. He looked around quickly, just to make sure that he was actually in streetcar with Ilana and Neil and not in his old apartment. He realized that his face was covered in sweat, and he dried himself off with a sigh. It wasn’t the first time he’d had that nightmare. It had haunted him for weeks now, almost every single night back at the adoption centre (the social workers had come almost immediately after he’d found Carolynne’s bloody body). He decided to look out the window to distract himself. He realized he must have slept through the entire ride, since they had already arrived at downtown. His eyes widened in awe as he looked at the tall, gleaming skyscrapers, all the people bustling about. There was a street vendor selling watches, a man talking into a telephone booth, three young women carrying shopping bags, laughing and chatting amongst themselves. It was so enchanting.

The streetcar rumbled along, suddenly hitting a bump. Dylan jumped, feeling his bladder give a small twinge from the jolt. Dylan grimaced and crossed his legs tightly. He’d almost forgotten about his bladder. He tried as hard as he could to take his mind off of his problem; after all, there’d be no chance of getting through the day if he kept thinking about it. But it was becoming very distracting.

“Here we are!” Ilana announced as they finally arrived at the terminal stop. She took Dylan’s hand and the three of them quickly stepped out of the streetcar. Dylan winced; now the urge to pee was even more evident, since he was standing up and walking. He hoped they would get to sit down again soon.

“Where should we go now, dear?” Ilana asked her husband.

Neil looked at his watch. “Well, it’s a bit early for lunch. Why don’t we go to the park?”

Ilana’s eyes lit up. “Yes! That’s a wonderful idea! Come on, Dylan.”

The three of them headed to a large, crowded park that was a few blocks away from the area. There were all sorts of people there; children and mothers, people walking their dogs, young lovers taking a romantic stroll. There was a small playground, a carousel, a pond filled with swans, and a wonderland of greenery. Immediately the first thing that caught Dylan’s eye was a bench right by the pond. His eyes widened, and he pointed to it frantically.

“Don’t you want to go to the playground, honey?” Ilana asked, somewhat confused that he wasn’t immediately heading for the swings or slides.

Dylan shook his head anxiously. For one thing, he didn’t like being around other kids. And more importantly, a playground visit was the last thing he needed right now. His bladder was full, it needed rest.

Ilana and Neil shrugged, then walked with Dylan over to the bench and sat down. Dylan was a small boy, so his legs dangled over the surface of the bench, not reaching the ground.

“Well, this is nice, too,” Ilana smiled. “Very relaxing. It’s a bit muggy, though.” She put on her sunglasses, then started fanning herself with a beautiful Japanese fan.

Dylan watched as a flock of pigeons came over, pecking at some bits of food scattered on the ground. It was amusing watching them squabble over breadcrumbs and other insignificant things like they were rare delicacies.

“Oh look, Neil!” cried Ilana, pointing to the birds. “You know, I always liked feeding them when I was a little girl. Neil, darling, why don’t you go buy some food from that stand so we can give them some treats?”

Neil frowned, obviously not pleased with her idea. “Don’t you have anything in your purse that you can toss at those stupid things?”

“As a matter of fact, I don’t! Now stop complaining, husband, and go buy something. And get some sodas, too, I’m parched.”

Grumbling, Neil headed to the food stand and returned five minutes later with a bag of popcorn and three sodas.

“Lovely. Drink up, darling, it’ll keep you cool,” Ilana said to Dylan before taking a sip from her own bottle.

Dylan grimaced. Just when he had finally begun to forget about his bursting bladder again. He really didn’t know how he would manage to keep holding it when it seemed like every second he kept getting reminded that he had to pee. Badly.

Very reluctantly, Dylan brought his lips to the straw that was in the glass bottle and took a very small sip. It was painful. He looked longingly at the pond ahead, wanting to dump the whole bottle of soda into the water so he wouldn’t have to drink it. He also envied the swans gliding along the pond’s surface, who had a whole private bathroom underneath their own feathers. How he wish he could be swimming inside that pond right then, finally being able to release all the liquid inside him without anyone knowing. But alas, he couldn’t, so he instead sat at the bench, sulkily drinking from his bottle of soda and half-heartedly throwing popcorn to the birds while he worried about how he was going to deal with his embarrassing problem.

Finally, noon crawled around, and the three of them left the park, while trying to decide where they should have lunch.

“How about The Mucket?” suggested Neil. “They have good halibut.”

“We always go there,” Ilana said. “Besides, that’s all the way across Hastings! We’re not walking that far.”

She suddenly noticed a restaurant up ahead. It was small and colourful, with a flashy sign that spelled Sally’s overhead. “Ooh, how about that place? We’ve never tried that one before.”

Neil frowned. “A diner? Looks a bit cheap.”

Ilana scoffed. “Don’t be ridiculous. I’m sure it’s fine.”

“Why don’t we just go to Bellini’s?” Neil said. “It’s not usually crowded during daytime hours, so we won’t have to wait to get a table. Of course, I always prefer making a reservation, but…”

“I say we go there,” Ilana said, pointing to the diner. “For once, I’m going to decide things. It’s not all about you, you know. Come on, you two.” She took Dylan’s hand and led him across the street.

Neil reluctantly followed her, grumbling under his breath, “Bet they don’t have lobster there…”

They arrived at the crowded diner and were immediately seated by a perky young woman with blond hair and a bubbly smile.

“Welcome to Sally’s! What can I get for you, darlings?”

Neil ordered a ham sandwich with a bowl of pickles, and Ilana got a salad and a muffin. The waitress scribbled their orders down.

She turned to Dylan. “And for you, pumpkin pie?”

Dylan shrank. He looked at Ilana desperately for help. Ilana’s eyes widened.

“Oh, um, he, er—” she stammered.

The waitress smiled. “Shy, little one?”

Dylan could see Neil looking away, his cheeks flushed dark red.

Fortunately, Ilana was able to help him out. She held out the menu in front of Dylan. “Em, sweetheart, what would you like from here?”

Dylan quickly scanned the items on the menu. Honestly, he didn’t really care what they ordered; after scavenging the garbage cans for food like raccoons with Carolynne, he didn’t exactly have the highest expectations. He pointed to a Burger and Fries combo under the Kids section. Ilana vocalized Dylan’s selection just for extra clarity.

“Excellent choice,” the waitress said, writing the order down. “And to drink?”

Dylan flinched. He was reminded, once again, of his full bladder which had still yet to be emptied. He bit his lip, fidgeting slightly in his seat.

“We’ve got the best milkshakes,” the waitress eagerly suggested, after a few seconds of silence. Dylan shook his head, trying to somehow make Ilana understand that he didn’t want any drinks at all, but unfortunately she didn’t quite catch on.

“He’ll just have water, thanks,” Ilana said, handing the waitress the menus.

“Coming right up!” The blond waitress disappeared, dashing into the kitchen.

“That was very good, Dylan,” Ilana smiled. “Next time try to make a little more eye contact, though, okay?”

Neil still wasn’t talking. He was looking out the window, a deep frown on his face. Ilana bit her lip and tapped him on the shoulder.

“Neil? Honey?”

“You understand why this is a problem, now,” he said finally, still not looking at them. There was a cold seriousness in his voice.

Ilana swallowed. “Neil, now is not the time.”

Neil turned to her. “How is he going to manage at school? Have you thought about that? He’ll be taunted by his classmates! How will he talk to his teachers? How is he going to make any friends?”

“Now is not the time, Neil,” Ilana repeated, this time much more sternly. Neil took the hint this time, and shut up. The awkward silence lingered until the waitress returned and brought them their meals twenty minutes later.

“Here we are!” she chirped, setting their food down on the table. “Enjoy, darlings!”

They remained quiet as they ate, but at least the food gave them an excuse not to talk, thus diminishing the awkwardness slightly. It also provided Dylan a mild distraction from the strong discomfort in his lower abdomen, since now he could focus at least part of his attention on the food (which was delicious), and not his aching bladder. Nevertheless, he was still distracted by the occasional twinge and had to keep crossing his legs and occasionally discreetly grab his crotch from under the table; he kept glancing longingly at the bathroom, which he could see perfectly from the angle of their table (almost like it was mocking him), debating whether or not he should just ask for permission to go relieve himself and put an end to this torture once and for all.

But he felt it would be impolite to leave while they were having lunch, and he certainly didn't want to upset his new parents, so he resisted the temptation and tried to instead enjoy his meal (of course, he hardly touched his water, since just looking at it made his desperation ten times worse, but the salty French fries kept making him thirsty, and he was forced to take a few sips now and then, each time feeling his bladder scream in protest). Ilana and Neil even ordered him a sundae for dessert, which Dylan devoured. He’d always had a soft spot for ice cream, and it was wonderful to be able to enjoy the rare treat.

Finally, they were all finished eating, and the waitress came by to bring the bill.

“How was everything?” she asked, smiling.

“Wonderful,” answered Ilana, smiling politely.

“Did you enjoy your banana split, sunshine?” Dylan nodded meekly, wiping a few sprinkles off his chin.

“Aww, he’s adorable!” the waitress cooed, clearly smitten.

Ilana beamed.

“I have two little ones myself. Love ‘em to bits!”

“I can imagine,” Ilana said, chuckling. Neil still said nothing.

“Well, anyways, here’s your cheque. Just take it to the cashier when you’re ready. Thanks for stopping by, hope to see you again sometime! Take care!” The waitress dropped off the bill and bustled off, humming to herself.

While Ilana and Neil argued over how much money to leave as a tip, Dylan kept squirming restlessly in his seat, holding his crotch. After having patiently waited until they were done eating, he was sure now would be a good time to head off to the bathroom. After all, most people use the toilets before they leave a restaurant, and he had to imagine he wasn’t the only one who had to go. Surely, Ilana or Neil must want to visit the washroom too, after the drinks they’d consumed. At the very least, Ilana might want to slip into the powder room to fix her make-up, and he could perhaps go with her. Either way, he was sure he’d finally be able to get his relief.

Alas, this was not the case.

*005*2016-12-16 15:22

Thank you for the comments. Here is the next part.

“Neil, darling,” Ilana said as they were walking out of the diner. “I’ve been thinking. I feel like you and Dylan haven’t really bonded yet. Why don’t you take him to the movies while I go shopping? I’ve been dying to look at those new shoes they have at the galleria.”

Neil didn’t look happy. “But you’ll be gone ages!”

She slapped his shoulder. “Now, husband. Don’t be silly. I’ll only about an hour or two. You know, Mary Poppins is playing at the theatre just across the street. That’s about two and a half hours. Why don’t you two go enjoy the movie, and we’ll meet back afterwards? Sound good?”

“You just want an excuse to splurge on rubbish,” Neil grumbled.

Ilana ignored him. She grabbed Neil’s wrist and checked his watch. “Ooh, it’s almost 1:30! You two’d better hurry or you’ll miss the movie! I’ll come find you at the cinema later, okay? Have fun!”

And with that, she left.

Neil sighed. “Guess we’d better do what your batty mother says. Or else she’ll kill me.” He grabbed Dylan’s arm and led him out of the restaurant. Dylan’s eyes widened. He still hadn’t gone to the bathroom! Now what? He was starting to worry he’d never get a proper opportunity.

The two went across the street—Dylan was walking quite unsteadily now, slightly bent over and quickly grabbing his crotch every few moments to stop himself from leaking—and arrived at the glamorous town cinema. It was very crowded, and they had to wait a few minutes until they were able to purchase their tickets. Once they got inside, they pushed through the crowd in the lobby and passed the snack bar.

Neil checked his watch again. “We’ve still got about five more minutes before it starts. I suppose you’ll be wanting some popcorn or candy or something.”

Dylan shook his head, but Neil wasn’t looking at him and was already joining the large queue for the concession stand. Dylan bit his lip. He wasn’t hungry at all after the huge lunch he’d just had, but he was more worried about what exactly Neil was going to buy. Dylan prayed he wouldn’t get a drink, especially not a large one. He didn’t know how he would be able to handle more excess liquids in his body. His bloated bladder was already strained enough as it was.

“Here’s your change, sir, enjoy the movie.”

Neil grunted, apparently struggling to carry all his merchandise. He turned to face Dylan and handed him a soft pretzel and a bag of animal crackers. He himself was holding a jumbo tub of popcorn in his hands (and he complained about his wife spending money frivolously!) “Here, you hold these. Didn’t know what you like so I just picked something out myself.”

Dylan took the snacks and tucked them away under his arm. Whatever, just as long as it wasn’t…

“Oh, and here, don’t want you to get thirsty.”

Dylan’s heart dropped. In Neil’s hand was a tall, heavy, soda. Drops of water trailed down the sides of the cup, making Dylan go sweaty and numb.

“Well? Go on.” Neil nudged the cup towards Dylan impatiently. Shaking, the boy grabbed the cup and flinched as his hand touched the ice cold liquid. He locked his legs together, feeling his entire body paralyzed with pain.

“Aren’t you going to say something?” Neil frowned, completely oblivious to Dylan’s torment. Dylan’s mouth went dry. Even if he wanted to, he couldn’t say anything. His entire body was frozen with the strain of keeping his bladder from bursting.

Neil was getting angry. “No ‘thank you, daddy’, no ‘you’re the best, Dad?’ Nothing?”

After a few seconds of silence, Neil shook his head, his look of anger fading to one of serious disappointment.

“Bah, forget it. What did I expect? Let’s just go.”

As they walked down the theatre corridor, Dylan saw the washrooms and instinctively stopped, feeling his bladder roar with the overwhelming desire to be relieved. Neil, having noticed Dylan stopped walking, turned to face the boy.

“What now?” he asked, frowning.

Dylan gulped and pointed to the men’s washroom.

“Are you crazy? The movie’s about to start!” Neil protested, growing angry again.

Dylan didn’t move. Suddenly, a sharp spasm in his bladder made him gasp softly and grab his crotch. Neil noticed, but this only made him angrier that Dylan hadn’t given him a normal response.

“You know, sometimes I think you do this on purpose just to give us a hard time. Tell me, why exactly do you need to pop into the toilets two minutes before the movie is about to start?”

Dylan thought Neil had purposely avoided a simple yes/no question to force him to talk. Alas, it was a fruitless attempt. When Dylan didn’t reply yet again, Neil lost it.

“Talk! Goddamn it, what is wrong with you?! Can’t you bloody talk, for Christ’s sake?! You stupid, messed up child!”

Dylan’s eyes widened. Everything, from Neil’s tone of voice, to his choice of words, to the terrifying look in his eyes, triggered the most unpleasant memories. At that moment, he could only see Carolynne, possessed with rage and madness, screaming at him. He felt sick…

Suddenly, Neil was aware that several people were staring at him, and he noticed the look of unbridled horror on the child’s face. Realizing he had gone too far, he quickly calmed himself down, looking slightly guilty.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Neil said, gently. “I-I didn’t mean that, Dylan. Sometimes I just… lose control of myself like that. It’s not your fault. I promise it won’t happen again. Let’s just go and enjoy the movie and forget all about this, okay? You can hold it for two more hours, can’t you?”

Dylan didn’t answer. At this point, he honestly wasn’t sure that he could, but he didn’t want to risk making Neil mad again, so he instead nodded weakly and followed the man into their corresponding theatre. The room was completely packed, mostly with children and families. Dylan supposed it was just the Sunday crowd. They grabbed two seats at the very back (not the best but the only ones free) and settled themselves on the comfy chairs just as the movie began playing on the large screen.

At first the film proved to be a wonderful distraction for Dylan. He’d never had the pleasure of going to the movies—except once when he was very little with his real father—so going to see Mary Poppins on the big screen was a real delight. After the first half hour or so, however, the excitement and fun began to wear off, and Dylan started fidgeting and squirming in his seat as the pain in his bladder rocketed to intense levels. He’d barely touched his soda, but had taken a few small sips since Neil had bought it especially for him and he thought it would be rude if he didn’t at least drink some of it, but even that seemed to provoke his bladder even more, and Dylan could barely concentrate on anything but how badly he had to pee.

About halfway through the movie, it got so bad that after crossing and un-crossing his legs didn’t help anymore, Dylan had to jam both hands into his crotch (fortunately, the theatre was dark, so nobody noticed). He tried any means to distract himself from his aching bladder; he munched on the snacks that Neil had bought him (Neil gobbled up most of the popcorn anyways; the man sure liked to eat, Dylan noted), he tried playing games in his head, and of course he tried to just enjoy the movie (after all, what else where they there for?) But no matter how silly and colourful and “supercalafragalisticexpialadocious” the film was, the pain in Dylan’s bladder was just too colossal to be ignored.

Finally, the movie wrapped up, and the two headed out into the theatre lobby, Dylan immediately making a beeline for the toilets. He was dismayed to discover a huge line-up that extended a few feet into the lobby. Dylan wanted to cry. He wanted relief so badly, but it seemed like everything was going out of its way to deny him that opportunity!

Neil frowned, also noticing the massive queue for the washroom. “Are you sure you want to wait in that line? Look at all those people.” He looked at his watch. “Your mother’s going to be here any minute now. We’re heading straight home anyways. Can you hold it until we get home?”

Dylan thought about it. Well, he supposed if he had managed to last for a whole movie, he would probably be able to survive the journey back home. Just when he had begun to think this day was never going to end. Finally, after hours and hours of agony, he would enjoy his relief at last, all in the tranquility and comfort of his own bathroom. He couldn’t wait!

Smiling, he nodded.

“Good,” Neil said. “Let’s go wait for your mother, then.”

They walked out the lobby and stood outside the cinema entrance waiting for Ilana. Neil leaned against the wall and lit a cigarette while they waited. A few minutes later, though, there was still no sign of Ilana, and Dylan started getting anxious. He thought of the long line to the men’s washroom, and wondered if they would have had time to wait in that line after all, since Ilana was running late. He told himself that it didn’t matter, they were going home anyways. But he was still fidgety and sweaty, shifting from foot to foot and trying to hold a painfully full bladder that should have been emptied hours ago.

Finally, Dylan saw Ilana approaching, loaded with shopping bags. However, she wasn’t alone. Dylan saw her chatting with another woman, who was holding a little girl’s hand.

“Oh no,” he heard Neil grumble under his breath, and when he looked up and saw him grimacing, he knew immediately that this was not good.

“Neil, darling! Look who I ran into!” Ilana squealed. “It’s Gilda Bennett! Remember, from high school?”

“Neil, darling, how are you?” Mrs. Bennett drawled, grabbing his shoulders and giving him a kiss on the cheek. She was a big, busty woman, with plump lips and thick eyelashes.

“Hello, Gilda,” Neil muttered.

“Can you believe it?” Mrs. Bennett exclaimed. “Mimi and I were just doing a little window shopping when I just happened to run into old Ila here! We haven’t seen each other in since prom!”

“Small world, isn’t it?” Ilana smiled.

“Oh yes! You can’t escape from me, darling!” Mrs. Bennett slapped Ilana’s shoulder, hooting with laughter. Neil cringed.

Dylan looked at the little girl, whom he supposed must be Mimi. She was about Dylan’s age, with a pink bow in her short brown hair and a matching pink smock. She kept staring at Dylan, not taking her eyes off him. Uncomfortable, he hid behind Neil’s long legs.

Suddenly, Mrs. Bennett noticed him and gasped. “And this must be little Dylan. Ila’s told me all about you. Come here.” She beckoned Dylan with one of her long fingers, flashing her dark red fingernails.

Nervously, Dylan walked up to Mrs. Bennett, who had bent over to meet his height. Her big brown eyes focused on Dylan, admiring him like he was a doll put on display. She pinched his cheeks like he was a baby and gushed about how adorable he was, while Ilana beamed with pride. When she was finally done coddling him, Dylan instinctively ran towards Ilana, hiding behind her, wide-eyed.

“Aww, he’s shy,” Mrs. Bennett remarked, smiling. “Just like his father.”

Dylan saw Neil scowling.

“Well, I think we’d better get going,” Ilana said, much to Dylan’s and Neil’s relief. “It’s almost 4:00, and-”

“Oh, nonsense!” Mrs. Bennett cried. “You three must come over for dinner! We haven’t seen each other in ages!”

Dylan’s heart started pounding. This was not part of the plan! He tugged at the hem of Ilana’s dress, and when she looked down at him, bewildered, he shook his head madly.

Neil also objected. “We appreciate the offer, but we don’t want to trouble you-”

“I insist!” Mrs. Bennett snapped. “It’s no trouble at all. We live just down the block, and we could always use more company!”

“Ilana…” Neil shot his wife a pleading look. Unfortunately, she only smiled and said: “I think that’s a wonderful idea!”

Neil face-palmed.

“Oh, splendid!” Mrs. Bennett clapped her hands. “Now we’ll have all evening to catch up! Ila and I will gossip just like old times! It’ll be swell!”

Dylan wanted to scream. He felt like he was trapped in a nightmare. Now instead of going home, they were going to be spending hours in this obnoxious woman’s house, and there was no telling if he’d be comfortable going to the bathroom there. He bit his lip as he felt his bladder give a violent lurch, giving Dylan an unnecessary reminder that he was full to bursting. He sighed. Today was just not his day.

