Peeing in classroom

Author: sunita

*000*2017-05-25 11:08

This is the incident I had once in school.

One day I had got up late like it was only half hour for school to start. it will take me 20 min to reach school. I wore my school uniform, drank a glass of milk and started to run to school. on the way I felt the urge to pee and remembered I did not go to toilet in home. I thought I will go in school. once I reached school morning prayer had already started. I quickly joined my line. by the time prayer was over my urge to pee became very strong, I was crossing and uncrossing my legs. There was one more shock, it was Saturday means we had mass pt exercises which will be for another half hour.

Somehow with difficulty I did the exercises. In our school rule after prayer students will be sent to classroom directly. I asked my teacher permission for toilet to which she said no. once we were in class I saw my friend who was looking tensed. I asked her what was the matter she told me that she need to pee. we both were caught talking and were made to kneel down. she told me she is loosing control and she is leaking in her skirt, she could not hold herself and after 2min she lost complete control and I could see her pee gushing with full force from her skirt. seeing this even I lost control and peed in my skirt. all this happened within 5min of the class start. our teacher apologized with us saying she did not know it was that urgent for us

*002*2017-06-23 13:41

Yet another wetting.

I was in 8th class, and it was the 1st year of our high school. Till high school all the class timings were 40min each, and now there were hiked by another 10mins. Our school used to begin at 7:30 in the morning and end at in the afternoon, We had only one break in the mid of the day for lunch and any of your other needs.

Our Time Table was

7.30 - 8.00 Prayer

8.00 - 8.50 I

8.50 - 9.40 II

9.40 - 10.30 III

10.30 - 11.40 IV

11.40 - 12.30 V

12.30 - 1.00 Lunch

1.00 - 1.50 VI

1.50 - 2.40 VII

2.40 - 3.30 VIII

There was a strict toilet rules, especially on girls as we would make group of 2-3 girls ask permission for toilet and chat there for long time. Many of my friends were caught doing so. Then the rules came that no girl or a boy will be allowed to go to toilet during class, s/he has to go either before class start in the morning or in the mid day break. After the implementation of this rule there was plenty of desperation and almost 15-20 girls including me out of 40 girls in our class peed ourselves, the teacher no matter used to continue with her lessons as if nothing has happened not caring about our pee soaked skirts and a pool of pee below our legs.

Once we were given a lot of homework, I had completed all of them with great difficulty. We had to get it corrected by the teacher on the next day. On that day I was kind of desperate by the 3rd period but could manage it to the time of break. We should make a queue in front of the teachers desk with our books, before she gets in to the class. I was standing like 6th in the row, i heard the teachers foot as she made her way inside the classroom, my desperation hit the max.

As she entered into classroom she shouted on us showing her cane and said "if u have not done you&#39;re homework", cutting of her words in between. Due to intense fear the girl in front of had started to sob and I could see trails of urine running down her legs and it ran down to the teachers table and it wet the hem of her saree. We girls got completely scared by that and took a step backwards causing an imbalance and we all fell on the ground. I however fell on the puddle created by the girl in front of me. In this instance i let the content of my bladder then and there itself. But I was saved from the embarrassment as the other girl was blamed.

