3 Facts About You

Author: satyr

*000*2017-06-11 21:37

My friend gave me a challenge I simply had to accept. I'm going to give you three facts about her, he said, and I'm going to give her three facts about you. I bet that's enough to go on. It's up to you two to make it a reality, but I bet by the end of the night you won't want to leave each other's side.

My three facts about her were as follows:

She has brown hair and blue eyes. (I would have thought those were two facts, but I wasn't going to argue.) She's a bit clumsy. You have at least one major interest in common. Those weren't his exact words, but that's the paraphrase I spent the day thinking about. I wondered what her three facts about me were. It was, you might say, an unconventional setup. I didn't even know her name. But Alex was a good friend of mine, and apparently she was one of those good friends of his that I'd never met. Alex is the kind of guy who effortlessly slides into and out of social circles, a natural-born networker. He's introduced me to far more people than I've introduced to him, and I get along with nearly all of them. If he thought this girl was a good match for me, I was gonna give it a shot. I hadn't really been dating much since my last relationship ended, six months earlier, but now that I thought about it I was itching to put myself out there again.

A bunch of us were gathering on the beach to have a little barbecue, drink and have a good time. I knew most of the people who were coming already, so it shouldn't be too hard to single out who she was. It was what came after that both worried and excited me. It was around 8PM when I headed out, on a nice and warm June evening. I carried with me a few hotdogs and a cooler with a sixpack of beer and a couple of water bottles. I wasn't wearing anything special, just some sneakers, board shorts and a faded t-shirt featuring the silhouette of a rock climber. I didn't know enough about her to even speculate what kind of attire would impress her, so I wasn't even going to try. I'd made sure to shave, put on a dash of cologne, and a little wax to tame my awful hairdo, and I hoped that would be enough.

When I arrived, there were only three people there. Apparently I was early. I recognized the two guys, but, wouldn't you know it, the third person sitting there was a girl I didn't recognize, with short, brown hair and, when I got closer, it seemed her eyes were blue, although the way the light works at dusk it can be hard to tell. "Hey, man," said Robbie, the larger of the two guys. "Saved you a spot," he said, indicating the empty space on the logs they were sitting on—since there were only four of us, we could each have ten feet of space to wriggle our asses on if we wanted.

"What's up," I said, and put down my cooler. Then my eyes wandered back to the unfamiliar girl. It had to be her, right? "Uh," I stammered, unsure how to proceed. "I don't believe we've met."

She was sitting on a log by herself, on the other side of the little bonfire the guys had set up. Now she patted the space beside her and shot me a little smirk. "You're Alex's friend, aren't you," she said.

I nodded. "And you are...?"

"Hope," she said.

I sat down beside her. "I'm Tom," I said. I stretched out my hand to shake hers, but instead, she handed me a skewer made of a tree branch with the end sharpened.

"Put some meat on this," she said, and giggled a little. I noticed there were already a couple empty beer cans sitting around her feet, and she was rather short and slender, so I guess she was already tipsy. "I'm starving, haven't eaten anything all day. Well, since lunch, that's like seven hours ago."

I stuck a couple hot dogs onto the skewer and aimed it at the fire. "So," I said. "Well... Uh..."

"Guess which three facts Alex gave me," she said. "I'll give you a hint: uh... um..."

I blushed, then tried my hardest to will my cheeks into submission and attempted to shrug it off. "No idea. Isn't that part of the fun?" I noticed in my peripheral vision that Robbie was giving me a weird look. Clearly these guys weren't clued in on the whole deal, and I think maybe he was a bit jealous. Unfortunately for him, and fortunately for me, you only get one chance at a first impression, and he'd clearly not taken it. They must have been here an hour already, judging by the beer cans, and it looked like he'd barely spoken a word to Hope.

"He said you're clumsy with words. Specifically," she said, leaning in closer so the other guys wouldn't overhear us, "specifically around cute girls."

I felt my cheeks blossoming again. "What a coincidence," I said. "He told me you were a bit clumsy, like, in general."

She gave me a playful shove. "You're joking," she said. "There's no way that's true. I'm as nimble as a nymph and steady as a fucking ballet dancer. Watch!" Before I could say anything, she'd turned around climbed onto the log, then stood on her hands, perfectly still, giving me a nice little sneak peak at her bum. She was wearing jeans shorts that were cut off right below her bum cheeks, and I definitely liked what I saw. Then her balance wavered, and for a moment I thought she'd fall backwards into the bonfire. Before I knew it, I was on my feet, then I had my hands around her waist, and then I'd turned her right side up.

"Careful," I said. "Ballet dancers don't drink before they do their pirouettes, do they?"

She blushed a bit and sat down again. "Well, there's no way that's what he said about me. Anyways," she said, "You want a beer?"

I opened the cooler and grabbed a cold one. "Stick yours in there," I said. "Uh, the beers..."

She picked up the unopened cans that were sitting in the sand around her feet, then leaned over me to deposit them in the cooler. I had to work hard to maintain my gaze at a point far off in the distance, beyond the bonfire, because if I lowered my gaze ever so slightly I'd be staring straight down her cleavage. When she leaned back, she noticed my shirt. "You climb?"

"Oh yeah, that... Yeah, I like to go rock climbing sometimes."

"Oh my god, me too!" She said. I suppose that was our common interests. "What's your favorite spot?"

I pointed to a craggy cliff in the distance. It was a steep drop down into the ocean. "You're fucking with me," she said. "That looks dangerous as all hell."

"I use ropes and pegs," I said. "It's actually not such an uncommon spot. You can't see it from this angle, but 'round the other side it's not quite as steep, and you can climb there fairly safely. But it's not for beginners."

"I'm impressed," she said. "I mostly go bouldering, no assistance, but then I don't go risking my life on some steep-ass cliff that drops straight into even steeper rocks and then the ocean below there."

"Let's go together sometime," I said. "It's a challenge, but it's a ton of fun."

She leaned into me, and for a moment I thought she was going to kiss me—which seemed a bit forward, although I wouldn't have minded—but then she grabbed my skewer and tore off a hot dog. "Told you, I'm starving," she said.

I took a look around and saw that a few more people were trickling in, but there was still room around the bonfire, and they were mostly respecting our privacy. I gave them a silent thanks. "Cheers," I said, and we clinked our beer cans together.

Over the next hour or so, the rest of our party arrived, and so I had to scoot closer to Hope to give room. Our thighs were touching—hers smooth and mine hairy—and she was leaning in any time she had something to say, which was frequently. Unlike me, Hope seemed to never run out of things to talk about. By the time everyone had arrived, however, I'd downed a couple of beers and could feel my inhibitions slipping. What seemed inane and too dumb to bring up an hour ago now seemed like perfect conversation material. We discussed climbing, and compared musical tastes—hers tended towards metal, mine leaning more towards classical rock—but also which animal is lazier—a sloth or a snail?—and many other things which I've since forgotten. Our conversation wasn't the thing I'd remember about this night. It's not the reason I'm telling you this story, anonymously, years after it happened. It's just, I think this is the sort of thing you guys might enjoy. But I'm getting ahead of myself.

Alex arrived last. He gave me a fist bump as he passed by, then dragged an ancient-looking portable record player out of his backpack. "Ey, everyone!" He shouted. "On the count of three, show of hands. Hendrix or Stones? All for the former, vote now!" A number of hands shot up. "And Stones?" A few hands. "Votes are in," he announced, and put on All Along the Watchtower. There was a tiny crackle when he first put on the record, but then the sound was smooth as butter, and I thought, hmm, so that's why some people still prefer old records to mp3s. As soon as the music came on, everyone's spirits seemed to be lifted to a higher plane, and the talk turned louder, voices competing with the music for attention.

"Hey, guys," a voice said. A middle-aged man in a police uniform had materialized in our midst. "You're sort of out of the way, so I'm going to let it slide if you keep your noise levels reasonable. Okay? Don't make me come back here and break you guys up. Believe me, I don't want to. Especially since you have such excellent taste in music."

"Aye, aye, captain," Alex said, and twiddled a knob to lower the volume slightly. The officer gave him a nod and a smile, and then he was gone.

"Wow," I said, leaning into Hope. "That went better than expected."

"Alex is such a smooth sailor," she said. For a moment, her eyes glimmered and I felt my heart sink. Maybe she was into him? But then she added, "But he doesn't climb bad-ass motherfucking cliffs, does he?"

"Absolutely not. He'd piss himself before he was halfway up," I said.

"Ughhh..." She groaned, and leaned forwards.

Did I say something wrong? Did I do something wrong?

"Sorry," she said, straightening herself. "It's just, you reminded me I kind of have to pee. But there's nowhere to go around here, is there?"

I took a look around. We were on a long, sandy beach. The road was several hundred yards up, and there was not a tree in sight. "I guess not," I said.

"Eh," she said. "It's not so bad. Just don't mention waterfalls or anything."

I grabbed a bottle of water from the cooler and handed it to her. "Take a gulp of water before you drink any more beer. You know how it is, beer flows straight through..."

"Yeah," she said. I noticed she'd crossed her legs, and looked a bit uncomfortable, but she was trying to put on a brave face.

"There's a bus shelter up by the road, and the road's all but deserted at this time of night," I offered. "If you get desperate."

"I'll be fine," she insisted.

"Look," I said, changing the subject. I pointed up at the sky. "The moon's up."

She followed my finger up towards the sky. Here on the beach, we were shielded from light pollution, so we had a nice view of a pretty, starry sky. "I feel like going for a little walk," I said. I took a chance and grabbed her hand, better sorry than safe, tonight. "Join me?"

"Love to," she said, giving my hand a squeeze. We got up and began walking away from the party. As the sound of voices and music faded, we could return our voices to a normal level. She still leaned into me when she spoke, in a hushed whisper, as if confiding some terrible secret. What she actually said was simply, "this feels nice. Being here, tonight, with you."

I felt my heart flutter, gave her hand another squeeze. "It does, doesn't it?"

By now, we were at a safe distance from the rest of the party. I stopped and turned her around to face me. Looked deep into her eyes. I felt my heart threaten to escape through my mouth, but I held her gaze. Then I closed my eyes and leaned in, hoping I'd find her lips and not her cheek. I did. I don't know how long it lasted—probably not more than fifteen, twenty seconds—but in that moment, the world stood still. She broke away first, but she gave me a huge grin. "That was nice," she whispered.

I agreed. It had been more than six months—that was when we officially broke up, but we hadn't been getting along for a while—more than six months, and now for the first time since the week after I broke up with my ex, I felt myself missing that human touch. The feeling of soft lips against mine. I was going to have to do something real nice for Alex to thank him for this. So far, the night had been perfect.

Then she let go of my hand and bent over, grabbing her crotch with a fierce grip. "Sorry, sorry, sorry," she mumbled, bouncing from one foot to another. It took her a minute to regain her composure. "I'm sorry," she said again. "I really like you, but I think right now I really need to go home or I'm gonna go in my pants." She was clearly flustered, blushing, and completely unable to stand still. It seemed like all the beer had caught up with her, and she was in dire straits.

"At least let me walk you home," I offered.

"I'd... I'd prefer to go alone. It's just..."

"Okay," I said. "But only if it's not because you're embarrassed. Everyone pees, nothing to worry about. You don't have to be shy around me."

"Okay..." She said, and grabbed my hand again. "Promise not to laugh?"

"I might laugh," I said. "But not because you're bouncing around like a schoolgirl who forgot to go at recess."

She let my hand go. "Don't be mean," she said. "This is serious." She was now half walking, half hobbling, and every three or four steps she had to stop and hold herself. Up until this point, I'd assumed it was urgent, but not emergency level. Now, it dawned on me that she might not make it. I tried to formulate some kind of plan to save her, but I couldn't think of anywhere for her to go; then I tried to formulate some kind of appropriate response to the sight of a drunk girl in her mid twenties pissing herself in front of you, and I couldn't think of anything either. I silently cursed her bladder and hoped it wouldn't completely ruined what might have been the start of a relationship. If worst came to worst, if she did actually pee herself in front of me, she'd probably be too embarrassed to ever go out with me again.

Then it dawned on me. Yes, I'm that dumb. What was it Alex had said, his second fact about Hope, exactly? I'd taken it to mean she's clumsy, but what he'd actually said, now that I thought about it, was she's a bit accident prone. Surely he didn't mean...? I didn't want to ask her and embarrass her further, but it was apparent now that the only thing in her mind was her desperate need to relieve herself, so I guessed she wouldn't be able to focus on any other sort of conversational topic. "Hey, it wasn't you're clumsy Alex said," I offered. "I think what he actually said was that you're accident prone."

She stopped in her tracks. "Oh my fucking god," she said. "That asshole. And you're an asshole for bringing it up! Fuck you! Fuck all of you!" She was shouting now.

I took a step back and held out my hands. "I'm sorry for..."

"Don't be," she said, biting her lip. "Forget it. Of course you'd bring it up. I'm actually amazing that you managed to translate that into clumsy, but thanks, that's awfully nice of you to assume. That fucking jerk though, I can't believe..."

I interrupted her stream of words. "But is it true? Did he mean...?"

She sat down on her heel, clutching furiously at the front of her jeans shorts. We were now rather close to the rest of the party, so I moved in front of her to shield her. "Yes, okay," she said. "Maybe something like this has happened before, once or twice." Before she could say anything more, a moan escaped her. "Ughh..." She said, and then she stood up very quickly. "No, no..." She mumbled. I looked down at her shorts. There was now a quarter-sized wet spot around her zipper. She was actually losing it!

"Come on," I said. "Let's get out of here before anyone sees."

"What about your stuff?" She said, hobble-speed-walking beside me. Yes, that's a word, I just invented it, fuck you, Webster's.

"Forget it. Somebody will bring it back. They're gonna assume I'm getting laid and be all bro about it."

"You are not getting into my pants tonight," she said.

"Never said I was," I said, shrugging. "But wouldn't you rather they think that, instead of...?" I gestured in the direction of her crotch. The wet spot had grown a bit, and her face was contorted grotesquely, as if she could somehow use her facial muscles to control her bladder.

"I guess," she said. "Fuck, fuck..." We were now just out of earshot of the party. She bent over and crossed her legs, clutched at her crotch, but a little trickle escaped her, running over her fingers, down to the edge of her fringy shorts, and running down her bare thighs and legs. It lasted for maybe three seconds, but in that time, the area under her hand was thoroughly soaked. I looked into her eyes, and they were watering. I had to do something to save her dignity, somehow. I was certain that if I didn't, she would be too embarrassed to ever see me again, and by this point, I was already picturing us as a couple. So I lied. It was a white lie, a lie of necessity—and it actually became a truth, later.

"I have to confess something," I whispered. "That's actually kind of hot." It was a desperate gamble on my part. I was vaguely familiar with pee fetishes, just one of those things you hear about, like some people are into bondage, some people find peeing arousing. Truth be told, at this point in my life, I was a vanilla square. My naughtiest fantasies were, like, a threesome or doing anal. I couldn't say that I'd ever been aroused by anything to do with bodily fluids.

"It's what now?" She said. Like I said, total gamble. Not only was it a lie—I was actually extremely embarrassed for her, and that overshadowed any naughty thoughts I had about her, admittedly, very fine body—and there was a big chance she'd be totally disgusted with me. And if I then tried to say it was a lie, she'd never believe me, and we'd be over. But I charged on.

"This situation," I said. "It's a bit kinky, but I find it hot. When a girl has to pee, that sort of thing."

"You are a nasty guy," she said. "But really?"

"Yes, really," I said. Don't worry: I later admitted that I was just trying to save her from embarrassment. And then she admitted that when she thought about it later, remembering what had transpired, she was a bit aroused, and then that turned into some experimentation, and then... The rest, as they say, is history. But at this point, that was still the future, and we were here in the present, and I was flat out lying about having some weird fetish to save my crush from some embarrassment.

"That's weird," she said. "But I guess it's better that way... I can't make it. I know I can't." She stopped in her tracks, and then she surprised me by turning around and bending over. She had her fingers clenched tightly between her legs, her fingertips barely visible between her bum cheeks, and then she bent over, moaning. "I can't... Ah..." She gasped.

Then the flood happened. Two little streams emerged between her fingers, one running down each leg, and then she really started going, so forcefully it sprayed straight through the denim, pitter-pattering against the sand. She stood like that, bent forward with her ass stretched out towards me, and I was mesmerized. I wanted to look away—remember, at this point I was not, in actual fact, a pee fetishist—but at the same time, like a trainwreck, I was morbidly fascinated. Adding to my confusion, the sight of her firm ass in that position stirred something in my own crotch. It was like the logical brain was saying she's peeing herself, how gross, look away, and then my dick was like, but would you look at that ass?

Finally, she was done. Her shorts were soaked through, and she was standing in a circle of darkened sand. I walked over and put my hands around her shoulders. "There, there," I said. "Let's get you home."

I tried to grab her hand, but she swatted my hand away. "Sorry, it's just, I got pee all over," she said. I guess it made sense. But still, I wanted to comfort her, and so I ended up holding my arm around her shoulders and leading her away from the puddle.

"So," she said. "Did you enjoy the show?" She did a little pirouette, showing off the soaked front of her shorts, then the back, and the glistening wetness on her thighs and all the way down to her ankles. Her sneakers had gotten wet, too. I nodded.

"Ugh, this is nasty," she said. "If I was with anyone else I'd be mortified."

"But it's not the first time?" I ventured.

"Unfortunately, no. But if you want the dirty deets to jack off too, sorry, not gonna happen," she said.

"No, no. Just trying to make conversation. You know, this is awkward for me too. I'm wracking my brain trying to think of how to tell you that, well, this doesn't change anything. I still like you. I hope you're not too embarrassed to see me again."

She turned around and gave me a quick peck on the lips. "We'll see," she said. "It's okay, you can walk me home. Remind me to look out for a bathroom before I down five beers next time."

And yes, in case it wasn't clear: there was a next time. And a time after that. And it wasn't the last time she got into a situation like that. But no, I'm not telling.

*004*2017-06-13 17:53

Thanks, guys. Been a while since I posted anything.

