Alice through the Looking-Glass - Page 2

Author: SomeGirl

*026*2018-07-15 21:35

Ch.5: Watering Flowers Part 3

Larkspur had chosen a more isolated part of the garden, not out of shyness, but in hopes of keeping her eyes of her classmates. Larkspur was muscular, with a angular jaw that reflected her wildflower lineage. Her head was crowned with long, incredibly soft waves of pale blue and lavender, and her wide eyes were a mysterious gray-blue. Her short grecian dress fluttered gracefully around her athlete's frame.

Her attempts to avoid staring at her friends had proven fruitless, and now they were all gathered around the table waiting for her to finish. Before her sprawled a rainbow expanse of tulips, still unwatered. She really had hoped her ‘problem’ had would have resolved itself, but she still had an erection. Although some flower children could urinate through either exit, she had always needed both to pee. She really had to take a piss at this point, and her friends were getting impatient. Someone might come over if she didn’t finish soon. Larkspur finally accepted that she would need to force relife this time.

She carefully bent forward and opened her legs as much as she could. Larkspur focused on pushing the pressure up to the tip of her erect peinis, wimpering softly at the effort. Her other opening, meanwhile, was sore from both arousal and urgency. She could feel plenty of hot piss pooling right against her urethra, uncomfortable separated from the other form of wetness leading out of her body.

The stream was almost to the top of her penis, her bladder pounded in anticipation, a powerful wave of desperation rushing through her body. Larkspur felt like she was going to explode, it was like nothing in the universe mattered as much as relieving herself. It would only take another moment, both openings were tingling as the pee rested eagerly at the opening.

“I wanna pee. I wanna pee so bad…” Larkspur whimpered as she focused on starting a stream “I’m so full. I need to let it out. I need to….Aaaahhhh” she sighed in relief as the pee finally started to trickle out of both exits.

The dribble finally became a stream, and Larkspur fell forward in gratification. She was so happy to be able to pee that she didn’t even notice that her erection was directing the flow up her dress. In fact, it was several seconds after the stream died down that she noticed the large dark spot stretching up her dress, from chest to hemline.

Too exhausted to worry Larkspur hoisted herself off the ground, noting that her erection had finally gone down, and wandered over to the rest of the group. As her mind cleared, she realized another stranger had appeared in the group.

“...So to summarize, flower children are hermaphrodites, as are all plants; This group is one of many graduating classes performing similar services to plant life across the land; and the reason for this ceremony is to provide nutrients to plants that can’t leave their beds.” The pale stranger stated. She greeted Larkspur as she approached. “Princess Lily of the White Kingdom, charmed I’m sure.”

As Larkspur curtsied, finally noticing the large stripe of wetness down her dress, Alice piped up.

“Is this the most efficient way to do this?”

Mother Willow chimed in “The tea is only palatable after being purified by the body of a flower child, it’s unprocessed form is far too hard on the plants.”

Alice simply nodded, and tried to remember why she was there. That's right, she needed to change clothes.

Turing to Lily, she confirmed that the Princess had brought several white and pastel garments. Lily noticed her gaze, and politely excused Alice and herself from the garden.

*028*2018-11-29 14:07

I wrote these chapters a while ago, but was slightly unsatisfyd with them. I might rewrite latter and post them again, but for now, I'm just posting as is. Also, if anyone has any specific scenarios or overlapping fetishes, I'm always looking for inspiration. I should warn you now though, I'm not into scat stuff. It's an arbitrary place to draw a line, but I think most fetishes are somewhat arbitrary.

Ch.6: The Red Queen’s Comunal Water Closet

Alice was surprised to find she already felt the urge to pee again. Her jeans had barely started drying. At least the urge to pee wasn’t that bad yet. Turning to Lily to ask about possible places to pee. She noticed a look of panic in the other girls eye. Before Alice could remember what she was going to say, the Princess spoke up.

“W-we will be heading to the Red Queen’s Communal Restroom. Not only will we be able to receive a fairly effective antidote for our… urinary malady, but we can use the facilities while there.” Lily was walking rather briskly and stiffly “She may even be able to help you enroll in her army, to become a pawn for one side or the other.” she finished with a small huff.

Lily was somewhat aware of Alice stating her agreement, though nearly all of her focus was on tracking the water levels of her bladder. Lily couldn’t shake the feeling that she might be at risk of possibly relieving herself in her skirts again. Eventually. If her issue was not dealt with.

Although her observation failed to yield significant change in the volume within her, though there was an slight increase in how quickly her bladder was filling, she felt a mounting desperation.

Luckily, the Red Queen was out looking for people to bring to her communal bathroom, and came across the two girls by chance.

Queen Scarlet was tall enough that her two young adult visitors looked almost childlike standing before her. Everything about her was big; her muscular libs, her full bosom and wide hips. Her complexion resembled the skin of a red apple, her eyes were like garnet crystals set beneath her strong brows. Her hair looked like polished black-cherry wood, ornately carved around her large crown.

“Good afternoon.” Queen Scarlet stated “Shall I assume you young ladys are here to use my restrooms?”

“...We are…” Alice hesitantly responded, having expected Lily to answer.

Lily was preoccupied with her bladder, and by now even Alice was starting to feel the need to squirm. The cold damp sensation of her wet jeans was making it worse. Both girls didn’t notice that Queen Scarlet had taken their hands until they realized that they were running across the field.

The Red Queen could run extremely fast, and her two companions struggled to keep up. The lawn, though well-kempt, stretched across uneven ground, josling the contents of the girls bladders. By the time they reached the building, they were both quite eager to relieve themselves.

The Queen released their hands and turned to face them.

“Welcome to my Comunal Water Closet, I assume you shall be respecting the educuit of the building.” Scarlet stated.

Both girls nodded, legs pressed firmly together.

“Please curtsy and follow me inside then.” Scarlet paused expectantly.

Alice awkwardly crouched slightly, using the hem of her shirt in place of a skirt. Curtsying forced her legs too separated, and she barely stopped a leak in time. Alice couldn’t help but feel a touch of resentment at the realization that Lily was exempt from the typical greeting traditions, presumably by virtue of her royal title. In that moment, Alice couldn’t imagine any benefit more useful.

The two young women maintained a firm grip between their legs, as they followed Scarlet inside the structure.

The Communal restroom was elegant, both inside and out, and made heavy use of red in its color scheme. The exterior was composed of dark red stone and crimson shingles, with a large double door with stained glass windows. The inside was very roomy for a restroom, rosewood panel walls, a mosaic floor, and chandeliers of red gemstones. Toilets and urinals lined the walls, but there were no stalls too be found. The sinks were made of ornately sculpted wrought iron, with red-veined marble basins. There appeared to be a large bathing/laundry area near the lines of sinks. Additionally, there was a dressing area with dozens of mirrors.

“Well, hurry up.” trilled Queen Scarlet, crossing her arms impatiently.

Alice and Lily quickly shuffled to the nearest set of toilets. The lack of stalls was embarrassing already, but neither girl felt capable of moving to a further toilet. At the first toilet in the line, Alice pressed her thighs together as she undid her belt. Staring at her feet, she pulled down her jeans and panties, brisling at the uncomfortable sticky sensation.

Sinking down on the toilet, Alice stared at her knees and started peeing. Lily had just removed her very complex petticoats at this point. It was strange. Her bladder wasn’t unreasonably full, but the more she thought about it, the worse she had to go. When she heard pee lapping against the toilet bowl next to her, she felt just about ready to burst. Lily’s mind was losing control over her body, and she felt a splash of warmth hit her thigh. Desperation overtook reason and Lily thoughtlessly sank onto the toilet.

Lily’s bladder opened up automatically. As her gaze rested on her own legs, Lily realized her mistake. In her urgency to be seated, the Princess had forgotten to remove her underwear. Lily could only watch as a stream of golden pee shot through her silky white panties. The stream was fractured by the material, sending tiny streams of urine down her lace garter belt and sheer stockings, towards the toilet. The tinkling sound rang through the air as Lily’s mide went black. Forgetting that she was spoiling her panties, Lily was overwhelmed by relife. It actually only took about 2 seconds for her bladder to empty fully. This was surprising, because she had felt so desperate. Both girls finished peeing and stood up.

Alice and Lily used the showers, and Alice changed into the clothes Lily provided. Alice chose a ivory-colored blouse, shorts with pale blue floral print, white knee-high socks and boots. Additionally, Alice grabbed white hipster panties and a seamless bra. She didn’t know who Lily had borrowed the clothes from, they certainly wouldn’t have fit the willowy girl, but she was grateful for their comparatively practical tastes.

“So, what brings you two to my Restroom?” Queen Scarlet asked the now dressed girls.

“We wanted to see if you had any antidote to help us with the side effects of the Elixir of Participation.” Lily answered, trying to ignore the new sensation of forgoing underwear.

“Of, course.” the Queen turned to Alice “Are you a pawn of the White Kingdom?”

“I’m not really sure…” admitted Alice.

Lily explained her friends situation to the Red Queen. The woman nodded and busied herself retrieving the potian.

“I suppose I should have explained that you would be on the White Kingdom’s team.” Lily stated, handling Alice a white canvas travel bag “This is to thank you for helping me earlier. There are clothes, some currency, a couple guide book, and a few other supplies in there.”

“I’m not sure if I can accept this…” Alice offered

“It is expected that each Pawn will receive compensation for their service and supplies. The clothes are the only unusual component.” Lily shrugged “The bag is magic, by the way. It can hold 5x what would be expected.”

Queen Scarlet returned with two vials of red liquid.

“This should greatly reduce the effects of the elixir, but may be less effective after a while. Usually, it lasts long enough for the after-effects of the Elixir to decrease.” she explained as the girls drank the liquid,

Their conversation was interrupted by a small voice at the door.

“Excuse me! I have a very heavy delivery!” the strained voice called.

The Queen opened the door, to reveal a basket being held up by a tiny fairy. The fairy must have been struggling, as the basket was about 8x her size. The basket was immediately thrust into the queens hands.

“So that’s a half dozen red velvet tea cakes with strawberry frosting, is that right?” the fairly checked in a high pitched voice.

“That's right, Natalie. Are you doing deliveries all by yourself today?” Scarlet asked.

“Oh dear yes,” Natalie said fluttering about the queens head as she spoke. “Everyone is so, so busy getting ready for the crowning ceremony, not that we don’t appreciate the business, of course, but I’ve had to handle both deliveries and taking records all by myself. Our temp worker had a family emergency, so I’m swamped.” She noticed the other girls in the room.

“I don’t suppose either of you want a job for a few days?” she sighed.

Alice was about to decline, when she realized something. She needed an opportunity to go through the guides, and make a plan. If she could stay where she worked, it might be the perfect opportunity.

“I might be interested…” Alice opened.

Natalie was quite open to negotiations, and the two quickly came to a mutual agreement. Alice would receive room and board in the bakery she would be helping at, and remain there for 3 days and nights. Parting ways with Lily and Hester, Alice and Natalie started off towards the townsquare were the bakery operated.

Ch.7: The Peeing Habits of Looking Glass Insects

Natalie was sprawled on Alice’s shoulder, giving directions and telling her about her duties in the bakery as they walked. Natalie was very tired, more from paperwork than deliveries. She needed Alice to help because filling out paperwork was exhausting when the pen was taller than you were.

Natalie was about 6 inches tall, and very light. She had messy black pigtails and round dark eyes. Her outfit consisted of shorts, work boots, and a checkered shirt. Apparently, she was a gnat-fairy. Her translucent wings were saging with exhaustion.

As they approached the bakery, Alice saw a group of very tall young men bustling out of the building.

“Ah, here is your first job now.” exclaimed Natalie “Wait right here.” she said as she zipped into the bakery. Moments later, Natalie returned with a clipboard and pencil. Alice took the offered supplies as Natalie started to explain what she needed to do.

The men outside the shop were honey-bee fairies, and Alice needed to get a full report from them about honey production. Within the bakery, the bee-men handled procuring and processing ingredients: grinding flour, stocking supplies, and of course making honey. The whole bakery had been occupied trying to get ready for the inevitable crowning ceremony, so they had to produce more that triple the honey as usual in addition to keeping more supplies stocked.

Alice approached them, looking over the form. It had a brief explanation of how honey was made in this world: bee-men would use tools to extract nectar from flowers, then would use wax to form the storage units. They then had to convert the nectar to honey by hand. It seemed like a very complex process.

Alice was pulled out of her reading by the sudden sound of hissing cutting through the air. Alice blinked, trying to clear her eyes, but the image before her remains just as startling. No matter how long she spent in Wonderland or Looking Glass Country, she never seemed to get used to this type of thing. That was why she couldn’t help but be shocked that all 8 of the men were now loudly urinating into a shrub less than 2 yards from where she stood, right in front of the store.

Natalie saw nothing strange about the situation, and called out to the group. The men were definitely past the age to be casually peeing in a bush, at least in Alice’s homeworld, ranging from mid 20s to early 30s. They all had hair in a shade of yellow or blond, and were over a foot taller than Alice was. They were also all groaning or sighing as they relieved themselves onto the ground.

The men turned their gaze to Alice and Natalie, careful to keep their streams trained on the bushes.

“I’m Blain, I guess I can answer your questions…” sighed the first man to speak of the bunch. The rest seemed preoccupied with aiming the urine wildly arcing into the foliage.

“I can come back later if its better.” Alice offered awkwardly averting her eyes.

“No need. This is probably the best time with how busy we’ve been.” Blain shrugged, making his stream curve. “It’s usually less busy, but this time of year is always chaotic.”

Alice must have looked confused, because Blain started explaining the circumstances that led to 8 grown men gathering around a bush to relieve themselves.

“ Sorry that we have to hold this meeting right now. We need to make honey at a crazy rate. You understand how we got to where we are right?” he asked

“Not really...” Alice answered

“Oh. Well you see, we need to be constantly working on making honey, so it's necessary to take minimal bathroom breaks. There are only two bathrooms in the shop, so we usually just go outside.” Blaine elaborated.

This made as much sense as it ever would to Alice, so she quickly reviewed her answers, thanked Blaine for his time, and walked away. As the hissing sounds behind her droned on, Alice realized that this was likely a omen for what she should expect for the rest of the trip.

*031*2019-03-22 17:10

I really, like how this chapter turned out, but it is a bit more vulgar than my usual stuff. It doesn't have a sex scene though. I'm asexual and probably won't include any explicit sex scenes by the way. I'm not an expert on AB/DL, just so you know. -Some-Girl

Ch.7:Rocking Horse Flies

Alice settled herself behind the bakery’s front counter to sort through recites.

“Whatcha doin’?” a cute voice asked. Alice then noticed a tiny fairy-like boy sitting next to her wrist. Although the boy looked slightly older than Alice, he was wearing clothes suited to a toddler. “ I’m Hickory” the boy said realizing he had the giant girls attention. Hickory was wearing a pale blue onesie with a purple star print, and swaying slightly on a tinny rocking horse with wings.

“I’m Alice, nice to meet you.” Alice replied. As she turned slightly to face Hickory, she noticed a concerning sting of her bladder. The Red Queen’s potion had seemingly worn off without her noticing, and Alice’s bladder was burning with need.

“Excuse me, I’ll be right back” Alice said, wincing as she stood up, urine sloshing in her bladder.

“Are-you-going potty-?-Can-I-come-?-I-gotta-go-too!” An unknown voice squeaked. Alice looked down, and noticed another rocking-horsefly next to Hickory. She was dressed slightly older, in rainbow-striped leggings, a t-shirt, a pink tutu , and cowgirl boots with matching hat. She was just as tiny as Hickory, with cute pigtails. She was scrunching her face in discomfort and squirming a lot on her rocking horse.

“Hi Maple!” Hickory greeted, oblivious to the struggles of maturity, including but not limited to having to exert control over one's own bladder.

“Ok. Let's go” Alice answered Maple, egare to get to a restroom herself. The two rocking-horse flies followed her, one out of a dire need to go pee, the other out of boredom.

The silence was broken by Hickory. “Maple’s doing potty training now. That means she only gets a diappy at bedtime.” he told Alice. “That means she only goes pee-pee in a potty, too.”

“Ooooh. Don’t talk about that now.” whimpered Maple, kicking her legs against the sides of her rocking horse. Alice cleared her throat.

“Where is the bathroom, by the way?” she murmured.

“Errm, we’re almost there” Maple squeaked “...gotta hold it, gotta hold it…” she mumbled to herself, one hand moving from the grips on her wooden steed to grab between her legs.

They finally reached the door marked ‘Children’s bathroom’ and Maple was pressing against the door as Alice opened it.

There appeared to be a wide array of diaper and toilet-training equipment, both in tiny doll sizes, and large enough to hold a human adult.

Maple zipped over to her tiny training potty and jumped off her horse, a spurt of pee splashing into her tights. She had overindulged in juice, drinking 4 juice boxes (sized for rocking-horse-flies, of course) at lunch and forgetting to pee for an 2 hours. Her tights felt hot and scrachy, and her tutu was squeezing her tummy. She had that ‘I-gotta-go’ feeling her caretakers told her about, really Really bad.

Grabbing her privates hard as she could, Maple made her way to the training potty step by step. She had already lost 2 potential potty-training stickers from trying to run to the potty. Maple finally reached her plastic potty and stared at it for a moment. She felt a little bit of pee wet her fingers, still grabbing between her legs, and splash down her tights. Knowing she was about to have an accident, Maple yanked her tights and undies down to her knees and slammed herself down on the potty. She started going pee pee the second her hands were removed, so her tights and undies were pretty wet, but she still was peeing in the potty.

Maple swelled with pride as she heard the tingling of her pee hitting the plastic bottom of her training seat.

Meanwhile, Alice was quickly spiraling to a frenzy. She had looked through the whole room, but couldn’t find a single human-sized toilet. She turned around to ask Maple, but she was busy arguing with a caretaker, seemingly about whether or not she had earned a sticker on her potty-training chart for getting about half her pee in her potty chair.

“What's wrong?” chirped Maple, sitting in his slightly swollen diaper as he decided whether he needed a fresh one yet.

“I can’t find any toilets big enough for me.” whimpered Alice as she jiggled restlessly.

“Oh, there's one” Maple pointed to a large, blue training potty printed with cute baby ducks.

“That's a training potty, not a toilet” Alice explained, fiddling with the waistband of her shorts

“It's still a potty” Hickory shrugged

It had reached a point where Alice had two options: Pee in her shorts like a baby, or use a training seat like a toddler. Deciding on the slightly more mature optien, Alice approached the plastic vessel.

Keeping her thighs pressed tightly together, Alice carefully undid her belt, unfastened the button, and pulled down the zipper. Deciding on the best position to be in when she used the potty, she gripped the waist of her shorts and her underwear. Pulling them down to her knee, she started to arrange herself, hovering over the opening.

Unfortunately, Alice had not accounted on the cool air brushing against her bear lower body, an irresistible suggestion to just let go. Alice’s legs buckled, leaving her fully seated on the potty-chair, her butt creating a seal on the too-small opening. Alice froze in shock as she felt liquid surging inside of her, although it wasn’t going to be inside even a second longer.

Her back arched with the force of it, as urine hit her urethra on the way out. Alice’s eyes glazed over, and she let out a long, unlady-like groan. Waves of relief rippled through her body as she covered the bottom of the potty. Tiny beads of hot liquid were splashing against her ass and vagina as she kept going.

In her delirious state, Alice barley registered that she could feel the rising water-level lapping at her nethers, until it was escaping down the sides of the pot.

Finally empty, Alice regained her senses. Somewhat embarrassed, she Awkwardly stood up, trying not to drip onto her clothes, and accepted the caretakers polite offer of a roll of toilet paper and some baby wipes. She had to clean herself up before returning to work.

*034*2019-12-13 20:27

{{On 3/28/2019 at 7:19 PM, RagingPython said:

I honestly am confused by this. I’ve only read the first few chapters, but the title implies that this is loosely based off of Through the Looking Glass, but I don’t see any resemblance at all.

}}

There is a chapter of the book called "Looking Glass Insects" that inspired this. It's definitely not this long, but I decided it would be fun to include. I Don't put too much focus on following the plot exactly. I added all these chapters because they seemed like they had good Omo potential. Thank you for reading

Chapter 8: Snap-Dragonflies, Silver-Bella

Alice awoke to the smell of sautéing onions, and hurried out of her white nightgown, and into the shower. Having skipped using the toilet after waking up, Alice relieved herself as she worked vanilla scented shampoo through her hair.

‘Wow, I’m glad I didn’t wet the bed!’ Alice thought as she watched the plentiful gold liquid flow down the drain, ‘but I never really had an issue with that, I guess.” Alice thought as her lengthy pee finally ended. She finished washing her hair, cleaned off her thighs, and stepped out of the shower.

After dressing herself in white leggings and a white-lavender gradient tunic, Alice pulled her hair back with a lacy white ribbon, and went downstairs for breakfast.

The Bread-and-Butterflies had made a quiche filled with sautéed onions and spinach, served with apple scones, chicken sausage, and coffee. Alice slipped into an empty seat, and eagerly filled her plate.

“Good Morning Alice” Natalie greeted after breakfast, “Today, I need you to compile the new designs for next quarters products. You’ll need to talk to each Snap-Dragonfly that submitted a new type of pastry or cake.” Natalie handed Alice some forms and buzzed off to her next job.

Alice scanned the list of names, and turned to the first form. It was a beautiful fairytale castle made of sponge cake, whip cream, and fresh berries, with dainty patterns drawn in dark chocolate. Snap-dragonflies were slightly smaller than a Barbie doll, with iridescent wings. They all wore gorgeous, shimmering outfits in vivid colors. They resembled Christmas ornaments

Alice asked a passing rocking-horsefly, and was pointed towards a young woman fluttering away from the kitchen area. Silver-Bella had a lustrous silver braid adorned with miniature jingle bells, grey-green eyes, and a youthful. Her silver empire-waist mini-dress barely reached her mid-thigh.

“Hi, I need to run over your ‘Berry-tale castle’ cake design, do you have a minute.” Alice was surprised at how nervous Silver-Bella looked at the question.

“Oh, okay.” Silver-Bella agreed, perching on an overturned measuring cup and crossing her legs. “What did you need to ask about.” she forced a courteous smile.

“...so the sponge cake would need to be made ahead.” Silver-Bella finished the explanation, after almost 20 minutes. Alice had noticed her discomfort at the start of the conversation, but had initially attributed it to working with a stranger. But as the meeting continued, she just seemed to become even more restlessness. Silver-Bella expressed her distress in subtle ways, but more and more frequently.

She kept pursing her lips, shifting in her seat, and rearranging her legs. It was fairly clear by the end that the young lady needed to take care of a personal matter. Alice was about to say goodbye, and let Silver-Bella resolve whatever needed resolving, when Silver-Bella toppled off her makeshift chair. She stayed collapsed on the ground, writhing and trembling.

Alice cleared her throat. “Do you need to use the bathroom? I can take you, if you need me to.” she offered in a whisper. Alice held out her hand to ferry the tiny woman to relief.

Silver-Bella slowly drew herself into a hunched standing position, hands clasped between her quivering thighs, took a deep breath and nodded. She gingerly climbed onto the offered hand, and sunk into a rigid kneel. She braced herself as the hand lifted, managing to prevent any urine from sloshing out.

Silver-Bella was the youngest of the recent hires, only 18, and constantly tried to prove her competence with varying degrees of success. Despite being very skilled for her age, and a hard worker, she often found her attempts to prove herself backfiring. She had been so focused on getting to work, she had forgotten to use the bathroom before leaving her home.

“Um..Alice? Your -Ooh-going the wrong way…” Silver-Bella fretted.

“Aren't the bathrooms over there?” Alice pointed to the clearly marked door a few yards away.

“T-the snap-dragonflies only use the toilets -Ooh- in our homes.” she said between ragged breaths.

The Snap-dragonflies lived in Christmas boxes, arranged in a sunny room above the shop. Her silver-with-pink-flowers home, like every house in the neighborhood, was equipped with a private bathroom.

Unfortunately, Silver-Bella had been so rushed to get to breakfast, that she had forgotten to use her bathroom that morning. By the end of breakfast, her bladder was bursting at the seams. Alice had stopped her as she was trying to sneak back home for a few minutes. As she wanted to be professional, she endured her discomfort through the meeting.

A sharp ache in her bladder forced her to accept that she wasn’t going to make it home, and would have to use her last resort option.

“...A-Alice. I’m- sniff- not going to make it” she whimpered, looking up with teary eyes “....Just stop at the window, please” she pointed to the nearby window

“Are you sure? It's not much farther.” Alice asked gently

Silver-Bella nearly started sobbing “I NEED TO GO NOW, I’M ABOUT TO WET MYSELF!” she shouted

Alice immediately nodded, realizing how desperate her passenger truly was, and stopped next to the open window.

Setting Silver-Bella down, she watched to make sure she was alright.

The second Silver Bella was on the windowsill, she was whipping her dress off, hopping around and squirming the whole time, and dropping it on the sill. She then yanked her panties down and removed her shoes, leaving her fidgeting in just a bra. Using one hand to hold back the flood, she rushed into the flower-filled window box. The cold air brushing against her intimate region and the anticipation of being moments away from relieving herself, made her giddy. She gripped the stem of tulip and crouched down using the shorter flowers as cover.

Once she had squatted down, she allowed her bladder to relax. A powerful, searing jet of urine immediately shot into the soil. It seemed her bladder was as eager to be free of urine as she was, as she felt it contract, causing her to urinate even harder. Her eyes were glazed over as she hosed down the roots of the flower. As her stream dwindled and died, she realized that both her feet were pressing into the now soggy, squishy potting soil. She turned her blushing face to Alice who was waiting for her on the other side of the window.

“I’m going to go wash up.” Silver-Bella said “Would you please not tell anyone about this?”

“Of course not.” reassured Alice.

Silver-Bella thanked her, and headed to the fairy-showers. With some luck, she would be back before anyone wondered where she was.

Ch. 9: Bread-and-Butterflies

On Alice’s final day working at the bakery, she was mostly wandering from shelf to shelf taking stock. While walking around the store, she kept passing a small, dollhouse-like building on a wide table, always with a line of Bread-and-Butterfly fairies out the door. When Natalie came to check her progress, Alice asked about it.

“Oh, That’s their bathroom.” Natalie responded “You see, Bread-and-Butterflies only consume weak tea with cream, and a lot of it at that.” Alice noted the anxiose expression on most of the faces in line.

“Anyway, they need a bathroom really close to the kitchen, because flying makes it hard to control their bladders. Unfortunately we could only fit about 6 stalls and 4 urinals.” Natalie explained before hurrying back to work.

Madeline was a Bread-and-Butterfly girl, with wings made of french bread. Craning her neck once again, she chewed her lip at how much longer the line was. She was now 12th in line, after waiting 30 minutes already. She fiddled with her skirt, one leg wound around the other, trying to distract herself. Although this happened nearly every day, she couldn’t help but be nervous. Actually, maybe waiting in line every day was the reason she was so anxious; she knew how often something delayed the line.

‘There was the time 2 of the toilets got clogged…’ She pressed her legs together tighter at the thought. That day had brought her deep seated resentment towards men (and women who could use urinals) to the surface. Despite her efforts, Madeline was unable to use a urinal. Her stream was simply to weak, so more ended up on the outside of the urinal than in it.

By the time 3 more people came and went, leaving Madeline on the threshold of entering the building, Madiline felt a small, hot trickle escape into her panties. Pressing her legs tighter together, she hobbled through the doorway as another person left.

Madeline was now using her hands to hold back the flood, as she stepped through the doorway. Even though she was in the restroom building, there were still three people in front of her. She glanced around, just in time to watch the door to last available stall slide closed. All the urinals were occupied too, leaving Madeline and the three fairies before her shuffling awkwardly in line.

As Madeline waited, she became increasingly aware of the sounds reverberating through the room. Her bladder twinged at the splashing and hissing emanating from every possible angle. The seconds crawled by, and the noises seemed to grow louder and louder. By the time one of the stalls opened and she moved forward in the line, Madeline was twisting and hopping from foot to foot.

Time was certainly slowing down, at least as far as Madeline could tell. It seemed like full minutes of silence before she heard the stall’s new occupant start peeing.

The echoes of others relieving themselves sent an intense jolt of urgency down Madeleine’s spine.She rushed to grip herself as a fluttering sensation tickled the walls of her overburdened bladder. The tickley, prickly heat grew to engulf her bladder, making her legs tremble. Her lower body locked in place around a reservoir of urine. She couldn’t move her inner muscles anymore, even as the urine started to

In that instant, Madeline came to a realization: It didn’t matter how soon the stall doors opened. She simply couldn't hold it an instant longer. The prickly feeling in her bladder advanced to her urethra.

Madeline felt oddly detached from her physical body, all her focus being on the pee flowing down her legs. She felt like the small tranquility fountain her sister kept on her desk. Like a motionless arrangement of rocks beneath a continuous cascade of liquid. She certainly felt soothed by the warm liquid pouring down her thighs and pooling beneath her feet.

At some point, Madeline realized she should step out of the line, and moved just as a stall door opened for the next person in line. Relaxing, Madeline stood to the side until her bladder emptied.

Given the situation of Bread-and-Butterflies, no one would really care that Madeleine had wet herself, as most did a few times a year. Shrugging her shoulders, she went to inform her supervisor that she needed a break to clean herself up.

