I warned you!

Author: satyr

*000*2017-12-13 03:25

It's been a while, but here's a new story for you guys!

I Warned You

She was a beautiful sight in the early morning light. Slightly on the short side, with a nice bottom, slender legs, and startling blue eyes. The light falling on her sleeping next to me gave her an angelic look. I felt very lucky to have found such a beautiful girl—not only was she hot, but she was funny and intelligent and we had a great chemistry. We’d been dating for three months, but this was the first time she’d be staying with me for an entire long weekend. Her name was Nina, and although it was a bit early to tell, I think I was in love.

She stirred a bit in her sleep, then opened her bleary morning eyes and turned to face me. Those eyes fixed on mine always gave me the flutters. “Morning, sweetie,” she said. “I’m really looking forward to this weekend. But right now, I need my morning coffee.”

“I’ll fix us some breakfast,” I said, and left her to waken from her slumber. Half an hour later, we were seated at my kitchen table, enjoying a light meal of sandwiches and coffee. Today, I intended to take her out into town, doing some shopping, maybe visiting a museum or seeing a movie, and ending it with a romantic dinner. I had it all planned out. It was early fall, and still quite warm out, so she’d chosen a pair of jeans shorts and a plain white tank top. And knee-high socks. I have to admit, I’m a sucker for that.

We chatted idly as we ate, discussing a mutual friend’s breakup. We came to an agreement that she was probably not good for him, and perhaps now he’d have more time to hang out with us. Nina suggested she had a friend he thought he might fancy, and she confided that this friend had already expressed and interest in him as well. Nina always loved playing matchmaker. She was, on the whole, a very kind soul, always looking for ways to make her friends happy. For our third month anniversary—personally, I consider three months a little early to celebrate an anniversary, but Nina was a romantic—she bought me flowers.

As we got ready to leave, I couldn’t resist throwing in a little jab at her though. Much as I loved her, she could banter with the best of them, and her favorite subject to mock me for was my frequent bathroom visits. In fact, I have a fairly average bladder, it just so happens that hers was a genetic anomaly. I secretly suspected it was a defense mechanism to cover up an insecurity: Nina was extremely pee shy. Although she was a bubbly and confident girl, her bathroom needs were the one thing she had trouble with. She needed total privacy to attend to her needs. Even having another person in her home seemed to give her trouble.

In our three months of dating, I had never once seen her visit the bathroom, although she loved to tease me for my “weak bladder” – as mentioned, it was only weak in comparison to her monstrous one. I suspected she was born with a big bladder and had strengthened it further by necessity, since she couldn’t pee with anyone else around. Her streak was bound to be broken this weekend, though. She had arrived at my place around seven the previous night, so she was already holding one night of pee. So I threw in a little counter-jab as we headed for the door: “Honey, are you sure you don’t want to visit the bathroom before we leave? We’ll be staying out all day.”

She gave a snort. “I don’t need to pee,” she said, “and besides, unlike you, I can hold it all day. Let’s get going!” So we headed out, me taking my customary morning pee, her unrelieved.

Our first stop was a little neighborhood café, where we each had another coffee and settled down to discuss our plans for the day. Nina said she wanted to do some clothes shopping, but it was still too early for most stores to be open, so we settled for a stroll around, getting our bearings first.

“Did you know this area used to be really poor?” I said, as we passed a line of fashionable boutiques. “This area really gentrified in the last decade.”

“I don’t know how I feel about that,” she said. “Well, at least we got fancy shops, but what about the poor? Housing prices must have risen considerably.” Always looking out for the little guy, my Nina. “Hey, look,” she said, pointing to the one store that was open at this hour. It was a high-end clothing store, well outside our price range. “Let’s pretend we’re rich and try on some clothes none of us can afford!” With an excited spring in her step, she dragged me into the shop.

The clerk gave us a disapproving look as we entered. Our attire clearly indicated that we were not part of the exclusive clientele they targeted. But ever polite, she asked us if we wanted any help, and Nina said she’d love to try out some dresses. We browsed around for a while, and then she find a beautiful summer dress she wanted to try on. The price tag was entirely based on the label: You could find something similar in any low-price chain store, but when Nina appeared out of the dressing room, I could see why she liked it. The dress complimented her figure perfectly, although the knee-high socks were perhaps not the best accessory. “I love it,” I said. “If we find something similar at a reasonable price, I might get it for you.”

“That’s so sweet of you, but I don’t need you to woo me with gifts,” she said, and gave me a kiss. Then she disappeared back into the dressing room and re-emerged in her shorts and top. “By now, surely some other stores are open,” she said. “But first, let’s find a place to get a drink. I’m getting thirsty. You know all that coffee dehydrates you.” Well, yes, I thought, it dehydrates you by going straight to your bladder. Although she was showing no signs of discomfort yet, surely she must be feeling the need soon. We found a vending machine and she got a diet soda, which she eagerly consumed. I took only a sip she offered me. By now, my mind was already churning: already, she had a full night’s pee in her, plus two large diuretic coffees, and now half a liter of Coke Zero. How this girl managed to seem entirely unaffected was a mystery to me.

Next she directed me to a convenience store and picked up a bottle of water “for later,” which she put in her purse. “Are you sure you need more liquid right now?” I injected. “I mean, you already had quite a bit to drink and it’s only late morning.”

“I like to keep hydrated,” she said. “Besides, this one’s for later, so we don’t have to waste any time while shopping for clothes. Don’t worry about me, babe, I can handle myself.” We’ll see about that, I thought, but dropped the subject.

For the next couple of hours, we wandered a mall, dipping in and out of clothing stores. Although I would normally be bored shopping for women’s clothes, she threw me a favor by heading into a shop that sold sexy lingerie and ended up getting a nice set of black panties and matching bra. “For later,” she said with a wink. By now, she was already well started on her bottle of water, but still showed no signs of discomfort.

By the time the clock reached twelve, I was getting hungry, so we headed for a café and had croissants. Nina ordered another large coffee, but I know I get jittery if I have too much caffeine in too short of a time, so I settled for some tea. “Hey, you know Mark?” She said. Mark was the friend I mentioned who had recently broken up with a girlfriend we both agreed wasn’t good for him. “Maybe we should set up a double-date with Marie sometime.” I nodded.

“Sounds like fun. But are you sure it won’t be awkward? I’m not sure I’d want a first date with another couple in the mix.”

“Marie is the type of person who doesn’t know what the word ‘awkward’ even means,” Nina said. “And you know Mark, he’s a bit shy, but he’s a great guy. We’ll be there as emotional support, and we can talk him up, set him up to tell his best stories without seeming like he’s bragging. ‘Hey, tell us how skydiving was?’, real casual like. Marie likes the adventurous types.” I had to agree, it sounded like a plan.

By now, I was feeling the urge, so I took the opportunity to visit the men’s room. “You went this morning and already you’re at it again?” Nina teased. I ignored her jab and found the urinal. Surely, surely Nina’s copious drinking must catch up with her soon. As per her custom, she pretended she didn’t have a bladder and ignored my offer to join me for a trip to the restrooms.

After lunch, we decided to check out a local art museum. Nina was a bit of an art nerd, and although I had no understanding of modern art, especially the more abstract stuff, I loved hearing her explain it to me. Admittedly, sometimes I just had to nod and smile and pretend to understand what Cubism was about, but any time spent with your love is time well spent.

We wandered the halls for a while, and for the first half hour, Nina was animatedly explaining the ideas behind each painting, telling anecdotes about the artists, and generally acting like a better museum tour guide than any actual guide I’d ever met. But then her demeanor started to change. She became less chatty, and her usual eloquence gave way to stuttering and half-finished sentences. I noticed her movements were becoming a little more erratic, and suspected that the drinks were finally starting to catch up to her.

Still, she pretended that everything was fine. We made a stop at the museum shop, and she bought me a poster replica of one of her favorite paintings. I couldn’t imagine hanging it on my wall—truth be told I had no idea what the grotesquely disfigured characters in the painting signified—but for her, I’d do almost anything. It would probably end up on my wall someday. Perhaps if we ever decided to move in together. Nina got herself another bottle of water as well, and downed half of it in one go.

“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” I asked. She gave me a look I’d come to know well: the “do not patronize me or you will regret it” look. Truth be told, I was getting concerned for her, but at the same time, my feelings were mixed. If she was forced to visit the girl’s room during the course of the day, perhaps she would learn it wasn’t so scary after all, and if nothing else, perhaps her teasing about my bladder would stop. To make up for my comment, I wrapped my arms around her—as I did so, I couldn’t help but notice the bulge of her bladder—and whispered in her ear: “I love you.”

This felt like a momentous step in our relationship. It was the first time I’d ever uttered those words to her. She looked me deep in the eyes, and for a horrifying moment, I was afraid she felt I was too hasty, that she was still in the exploration phase of our relationship and found my declaration of love premature, a turnoff, the move of a weak man. But then she pulled me into a passionate kiss and whispered back: “I love you too.” I was in heaven.

By now, we had exhausted the mall, eaten lunch, visited a museum, and approaching evening. I took her hand and suggested we take a romantic walk along the beachfront. Then maybe catch a movie before dinner. She took me up on the offer, and hand-in-hand, each stopping to glance into each other’s eyes or land a quick kiss, we must have looked the perfect couple, newly in love. But by now, Nina had finished her second water bottle, and it was truly catching up to her. I had never even seen her fidget, but now, she was bouncing on her feet whenever we stopped to have a look at the view.

It’s a truly spectacular view, by the way. If you ever visit our city, I recommend the beachfront. Whenever we passed other people, Nina would straighten her posture and pretend that everything was normal, but when we were alone, she was doing a poor job of hiding her predicament. I knew better than to suggest a bathroom run, but by now I was truly worried. How could she ever last the day if she was already desperate?

As darkness began to fall, we grew tired of aimlessly walking around like we were the main couple in a rom-com and decided to catch a movie. To my surprise, Nina chose the film with the longest running time, almost three hours. And to add some extra risk to the situation, she got herself a large soda to go along with our popcorn.

“Nina,” I tried again. I’d been burned today once already for questioning her holding abilities, but this was getting absurd. “Are you sure you need the large one?”

By now, she could not hide her fidgeting for a moment. Anybody could see that this was a girl in desperate need of a pee at a glance. And Nina seemed to realize this, too, which must be terribly embarrassing for her. She blushed, and instead of scolding me, she simply said, “I’ll be fine. You better make a visit to the boy’s room before the movie though. I got us seats in the middle of the row.” I gave a sigh. What she said was sensible, but ironic coming from a person in her state. By now, my concern for her was morphing into something a bit more sinister. I began to consider the very real possibility that she might have an actual accident in public.

And while I would hate to see her so totally embarrassed, her constant teasing was getting to me. This was supposed to be a perfect day out, and for most of the day it had been. I felt like we’d made a big step in our relationship with our mutual declaration of love, and we’d had a lot of fun. But now, my mood was souring a bit. I didn’t want this day to be all about bladders and bathrooms! For a moment I pictured her having a massive accident in public, crying like a little girl, and perhaps that would teach her a lesson. But that was just a passing thought—I felt immediately ashamed of myself for wishing something so terrible for the woman I loved. So I dutifully trotted away to the bathroom, and then we found our seats.

Immediately, Nina positioned herself sitting on her heel. By the one hour mark, she was sneaking her hand in between her legs when she thought I wasn’t looking. By hour two out of three, her hands were permanently lodged between her legs, and she handed me her empty drink cup to put it on the floor. Probably she was worried she couldn’t take the pressure if she bent down.

At one point toward the end of the movie, there was a jump scare. Nina nearly jumped in her seat, and my eyes immediately diverted to her crotch. Had she lost it? But no, although her hands were still furiously squeezing, her shorts were still dry.

The movie finished, and Nina’s desperate shuffle-walk out of the theatre was a sight to behold. Once we passed the restrooms, she gave them a longing look, but soldiered on unrelieved. “Time for dinner before we head home?” I suggested. She nodded.

On the walk to the restaurant, she refused to hold my hand. Several times, she had to stop and cross her legs, or give her crotch a squeeze. Every time she did, I gave her a look and her cheeks blossomed. But still, she was not about to give up. I picked a nice restaurant in our price range, with lighted candles on the tables. It was just fancy enough to be romantic, but not so fancy that our casual wear would have us refused for insufficiently formal wear. We both ordered steak, and a bottle of wine to share. Nina must be extremely bloated now, because she was only picking at her food, but still, she finished more of the wine than me. A quick glance under the table revealed that her legs were pretzeled together in a knot, and she was tapping her feet relentlessly. By now I felt like an accident was all but inevitable, and only hoped she would last through dinner.

To my surprise, she insisted on dessert, with a side of coffee. “I’m getting a bit tired,” she explained, “but I’m in the mood for some action later tonight, so I want to perk up a bit.” Well, we’ll see about that mood when your pants are soaked, I thought. We payed up, and I took a detour to the restrooms before we left. To my surprise, she followed me, and I thought she’d realized the situation was lost and she’d finally given in. But she simply waited outside while I went in and did my business. When I came back, I found her furiously pee-dancing like a schoolgirl, and although she tried to straighten up, she simply couldn’t. On the walk home, she said very little, and had to stop several times to regain control.

When we got back to my place, she was positively bouncing. It was getting late, and had she not been on the verge of an accident, I would be looking forward to some steaming sex, but it seemed that, as I had predicted, her sexy mood was gone. She walked in before me, giving me a great look at her pert ass. And that’s when I saw it. A tiny trickle, barely the size of a penny, but very definitely a wet spot. She had officially begun to wet herself. Still, she made no move toward the bathroom.

“I’m exhausted,” she said. “Mind if we head to bed?” I nodded. We entered the bathroom together to brush our teeth, and she kept her eyes fixed on the toilet the whole time, but still made no move to make use of it. Standing behind her, I noticed that the wet spot had expanded slightly. There was now a nice little flower of wetness between her cheeks, and I could see her fingers peaking through with the hand that wasn’t occupied by the toothbrush. Nothing more was said about the bathroom, and we headed to bed. I decided not to mention her accident, figuring she would draw her own conclusions and learn a lesson on her own, without me adding to the embarrassment. We got under the covers, her uneasily squirming and holding herself, but I was tired and soon fell asleep.

The next morning, I woke up to an empty bed. I could hear the shower running. When I got out of bed I lifted the sheets and was shocked by what I found: an enormous wet spot on Nina’s side of the bed. This iron-bladdered girl had completely and utterly wet the bed. I debated whether I should bring it up, put a stop to this charade, but instead opted to be a kinder version of myself and simply stripped the sheets and put them in the laundry while she finished her shower. Two accidents in one day—one small one and then a complete bedwetting—that must have taught her a lesson. Besides, I could always bring it up at a later date if need be, but for the moment, I opted not to mention it.

Like the day before, we had sandwiches and coffee for breakfast. Nina had apparently decided to put on a brave face and pretend that nothing was wrong. She must know that I would discover her bedwetting, but her pride wouldn’t let her admit it. Instead, she became even more gregarious than ever, cracking jokes, gossiping, and gushing about what a lovely day we had yesterday. Today she was wearing tight jeans, which if anything complimented her figure even better than the previous day’s outfit.

When she poured herself a large glass of juice after her coffee, my eyes widened. I told her I was gonna pop up to the toilet, and she responded with, “Can’t even hold a night’s pee? What’s the matter with you?” I couldn’t believe it. This was a girl who wet herself twice yesterday out of sheer stubbornness, and she was telling a guy who’d never had an accident due to good bathroom habits that he had a weak bladder? It seemed like her ego couldn’t take the previous day’s humiliation, so she doubled down on her bragging. Now she apparently had something to prove, because she complemented her coffee and juice with two large glasses of water. Whatever would it take to get this girl to understand?

Still, a tiny part of my mind was intrigued. Dirty as it was, the germ of a desire to see her completely humiliated was growing in me. It seemed like she was intent on never using the bathroom in my presence at all, and given the previous day, the endgame was all but given. Perhaps today she would wet herself in full view, rather than during the cover of night, and finally I would get my revenge and her, the lesson she so clearly needed.

This was a Sunday, and so we decided to stay in for most of the day, maybe go for a walk or something in the evening. The rest of the morning we spent watching Netflix, and already Nina was beginning to show the tell-tale signs of desperation. Nevertheless, as if two evils cancel out, she was consuming liquid like never before. By noon, she’d had a coffee, a glass of juice, two large glasses and two full bottles of water, and then she had the balls to go and make us each a cup of coffee. The nerves of this girl!

Since there was nothing much else to do, we decided to re-watch the first Lord of the Rings movie. You know, the one that runs for three hours. Nina snuggled up to me on the couch, with a glass of water by her side, but by the halfway point, she couldn’t sit still. She was constantly shifting positions, and her hands were gripping her crotch tightly. I began to worry about the state of my couch, but she stayed dry until the end.

“So, about that walk,” I said.

“Yeah, sitting around in the house all day is no good. Let’s get some fresh air,” she replied.

When she bent down to put on her shoes, I thought it was all over. Her bladder was close to exploding, and she sank into a deep crouch, grabbing her crotch furiously, and stayed there for a full minute before she finally managed to put on her shoes. I went for a precautionary pee, but this time she made no comment. Then we were off, intending to do a round-trip of the neighborhood before heading home.

Ending one

By now, every step was torture for Nina. Her pee-dance was extreme, she could not stand still for a moment, and again she refused to hold my hand. Her hands had more than enough containing the flood.

We passed by a convenience store and I suggested we get some snacks for the night before heading home. Nina’s eyes lit up at the thought of cutting the trip short, and she followed me in. I made sure to quickly grab some items; Nina hid in the back, where she could fidget and cross her legs and squeeze her crotch out of view. But when it came time to pay, I discovered that I’d forgotten my wallet, and had to call her over to pay. Her steps were incredibly deliberate, every touch of her feet on the ground sending a devastating jolt to her bladder. She was so out of it she fumbled for a minute with her purse before she found her wallet. This, of course, meant she could not employ any of her usual pee-holding tricks. And then it happened.

Just as she swiped her card, her flood erupted. A small wet patch appeared on her butt, and quickly it grew to a stream, rivulets of hot pee running down the insides of her legs and forming an enormous puddle on the floor. The clerk looked on in shock. Before he could say anything, Nina finished paying up, I grabbed our items and dragged her out of there.

She was tearing up. Her jeans were soaked front to back, glistening in the streetlights, and we had a long walk home where any passer-by would no doubt take note of her obvious accident.

“Who’s got the weak bladder again, remind me?” I said. I immediately regretted it. This was no time to be rude. I loved this girl: although this accident was entirely her own fault, I should be comforting her.

She responded aggressively. I guess her ego couldn’t handle any other response. “I’ve been holding it all fucking weekend and haven’t visited the restroom once! This is the first and only time it’s ever happened, and it will never happen again, and I’m not the one who’s always making pit stops because I can’t hold it for three freaking hours! Fuck you! Fuck your...” And then her outburst petered out. The embarrassment of her situation overtook the anger.

“Nina,” I said, doing my best impression of a parental tone. “I know that’s not true. I know you leaked yesterday evening, and I know you totally pissed the bed tonight. That’s three accidents in two days. And it’s all your own fault: you were the one who insisted on drinking like a camel, you were the one who passed up numerous opportunities to use the bathroom, and you were the one who told me off every time I suggested this might not be the greatest idea.”

She began to sob. I had been too hard in my words, so I pulled her into a hug and began stroking her hair. “It’s okay,” I said. “It’s okay. I shouldn’t have been so hard on you. It’s just, your teasing got to me. You know what I think? I think it’s insecurity. I think you’re pee-shy and your bragging is a way of covering it up. It’s not your fault: shy bladder is a medical condition. Let’s get you home and cleaned up. I still love you.”

Her sobbing subsided. “Thank you,” she said. “I’m so sorry, about everything. I ruined a perfect weekend...”

“No, you didn’t. I still had a wonderful time with you, despite your mishaps and teasing. You’re the most amazing woman I know. And for the record, you do have the largest bladder I know, you just need to recognize that everyone has their limits.”

She teared up again. “You’re right,” she said. “I just can’t… I have this mental block when it comes to peeing. I just can’t do it if anyone could possibly overhear it, or even know about it. I know everyone pees, but it’s just… I can’t explain it!”

“Anxiety is irrational,” I said. “Perhaps we can work on this together. If you’ll have me, I’d like to stay with you for a long time, and we can make it a mutual mission to cure this pee-shyness.”

“Thank you,” she said. We walked back home, hand in hand, and when we got back, I helped her strip off her wet clothes. Then we had a steaming shower together. Still, she couldn’t bring herself to pee before bed. We made a compromise and placed a towel under her as we got to bed.

In the early morning, she nudged me awake. Wordlessly, she lifted the covers. Under her butt was a small wet patch, much smaller than the night before, but definitely another bed-wetting. “I’m sorry,” she said.

“It’s okay,” I offered.

“If you don’t mind, I’m going to the bathroom now,” she said, and winked. And that was the start of her cure for pathological pee-shyness.

Alternate ending (contains messing)

By now, every step was torture for Nina. Her pee-dance was extreme, she could not stand still for a moment, and again she refused to hold my hand. Her hands had more than enough containing the flood.

We passed by a convenience store and I suggested we get some snacks for the night before heading home. Nina’s eyes lit up at the thought of cutting the trip short, and she followed me in. I made sure to quickly grab some items; Nina hid in the back, where she could fidget and cross her legs and squeeze her crotch out of view. By now, I noticed she was also alternating her grip between her crotch and her butt. Of course! She hadn’t done number two all weekend either. This would not end well. I just hoped she’d make it home without stinky pants, although I very much doubted they’d be dry.

When it came time to pay, I discovered that I’d forgotten my wallet, and had to call her over to pay. Her steps were incredibly deliberate, every touch of her feet on the ground sending a devastating jolt to her bladder.

She was so out of it she fumbled for a minute with her purse before she found her wallet. This, of course, meant she could not employ any of her usual pee-holding tricks. And then the worst happened. A small wet patch bloomed on her bottom, but that wasn’t the worst of it. As I stared mesmerized at her ass, I could see a small bulge start to form, and a noxious smell began to fill the room. The clerk looked on in shock. Before he could say anything, Nina finished paying up, I grabbed our items and dragged her out of there.

She was tearing up. Her jeans were soaked front to back, glistening in the streetlights, and we had a long walk home where any passer-by would no doubt take note of her obvious accident.

“Who’s got the weak bladder again, remind me?” I said. I immediately regretted it. This was no time to be rude. I loved this girl: although this accident was entirely her own fault, I should be comforting her.

She responded aggressively. I guess her ego couldn’t handle any other response. “I’ve been holding it all fucking weekend and haven’t visited the restroom once! This is the first and only time it’s ever happened, and it will never happen again, and I’m not the one who’s always making pit stops because I can’t hold it for three freaking hours! Fuck you! Fuck your...” And then her outburst petered out. The embarrassment of her situation overtook the anger.

“Nina,” I said, doing my best impression of a parental tone. “I know that’s not true. I know you leaked yesterday evening, and I know you totally pissed the bed tonight. That’s three accidents in two days. And it’s all your own fault: you were the one who insisted on drinking like a camel, you were the one who passed up numerous opportunities to use the bathroom, and you were the one who told me off every time I suggested this might not be the greatest idea.”

She began to sob.

“And by the way, what’s that smell?”

She looked at me in horror.

“Did you also…?”

“No!” She yelled. “Okay, maybe I pissed myself, mock me all you want, but girls fart too. I did not fucking shit my pants like some toddler!”

“Nina...” I took hold of her shoulders and turned her around. As I did, I could see that the bulge had expanded. “I know you peed yourself three times this weekend, but you still haven’t gone number two. And that is clearly a load in your pants.”

She became hysterical. She was sobbing loudly, tears flowing through the fingers she held in front of her face. “I… I’m such a baby. I’m… I’m breaking up with you! I don’t deserve you!” She yelled.

Several passers-by turned to look, and I had to act quickly to calm her down. I hugged her again, from behind to hide her shameful bulge, and whispered to her: “No, you’re not a baby. You are too stubborn for your own good, but that’s the anxiety talking. Yes, you had a double-accident. But I am the one not deserving of such a beautiful girlfriend. Come on now. This is no cause for a break-up. Let me take you home and get you cleaned up. We’ll work on the pee-shyness, but this messing will never be mentioned again.”

At that, she calmed down slightly. “I feel disgusting,” she said. “And smell even worse.”

“Nothing some soap and a shower can’t fix,” I said. “Although the jeans and panties might be goners.”

We walked home in silence, me behind her so only the front end of her accident was visible. Once we got home, I followed her into the bathroom, but she told me she couldn’t stand for me to see her like this, so I let her clean up in peace. Once she was all done and clean, we headed for bed. She still couldn’t bring herself to pee before bed, but we compromised by placing a towel underneath her in bed.

In the morning, she nudged me awake and lifted the covers. Underneath her was a small wet spot, but nothing compared to the one from the night before. “Guess I had another accident,” she said. “But at least this one’s not messy. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I think I’m gonna head for the bathroom and finish this pee before it all comes out in bed.” And that was the beginning of her journey towards overcoming her pee-shyness. Never again did she tease me about my so-called “weak bladder,” and for my part, I refrained from bringing up her messing.

*003*2017-12-13 17:02

Thanks guys! It's good to get back to writing. I hope I'll have more stories soon.

