The Happy Camping Accident

Author: snapshot

*000*2022-01-10 15:08

We were camping. It was freezing -- our elevated body heat and the effects of the alcohol we had been drinking were not enough on their own to stop us from being ridiculously cold. It was below freezing. Our sleeping bag, insulating us with our combined heat was the only thing keeping us warm.

It was a silly idea, one might say -- camping in a tent in Albany in the middle of winter. But we were young, we wanted a unique experience.

Snuggled together as closely as can be, Bella, delicately fidgeting, whispered to me.

"I really have to go baby...."

"Baby it's so cold, do you think you can hold on until the morning?"

"I don't know, I think so, I'll try" the doubtful determination in her voice was adorable.

"Good girl, you'll be fine."

Bella and I shared a mutual secret, something very naughty; but something we'd only ever talked about after a few drinks and playing truth ... “Do you have a fetish?” was usually the trigger sentence.

Recalling those conversations from our sleeping bag, my heart began to race at what might end up happening here. My mind was racing with all kinds of fantasies, knowing that Bella had to pee … Bella held on to me even tighter, while I gently stroked her hair. Twenty minutes went by, we would soon be asleep.

Bella began to fidget, much more than before. She let out a gentle, high pitched moan as she writhed her hips around me, unquestionably aware of the throbbing state of arousal I was in.

"I have to go, I can't hold it."

"OK baby but it's really cold outside so we'll have to be really quick--"

"NO—I, I don't want to go..."

"What, now you don't want to go?"

"I do, I mean, I have to, it's just, you know...." Bella, blushing, and as bashful as I'd ever seen her, hid her face from me but grabbed on to me for dear life.

"Sometimes I have accidents."

"Aw baby don't worry, we can fi--"

"Shhhh I just want to hold on to Daddy."

Bella had never called me Daddy like that before, in such a vulnerable, yet beautiful manner. It simultaneously melted my heart and turned me on, more than anything.

"It will be ok baby, whatever happens its ok, don't be embarrassed. Daddy will fix."

I thought to myself that I will be more prepared for situations like this in the future – that I’d have some Goodnights on hand for my girl in case of night-time accidents. We did however have a spare sleeping bag and enough dry towels.

"I love you so much Daddy."

"I love you too."

We held each other, side by side, as close as possible, and as we shared the most indescribably intimate and passionate kiss, the entire world melted away. Bella stopped fidgeting and looked so peaceful. She was so beautiful. It was euphoria.

Bella sighed oh so gently, in quiet relief.

"Hold me daddy..." she softly asked. Bella gently bit her lip and rolled on top of me, our bodies as close together as they could be. "Hold me."

Heat suddenly began to spread around my erection as Bella, whose trembling breath, becoming deeper and deeper, asked me "can you hear it? It's coming out Daddy..."

Before she could continue talking, we shared the most enthusiastic kiss in my life. She took my breath away -- through all this, I realised: Bella is peeing herself. Wetting her pants! Trusting me to share her secret, trusting me to share this experience, this private part of herself. It struck me as the most beautiful intimacy.

"I'm scared. I don't think I can stop."

"Baby don’t worry, let it go, let it all go ..."

And with that, the floodgates opened. We moaned together in delight as her hot piss drenched us both, her scent intoxicating to me, like an aphrodisiac made from honey. We kissed with a ferocity of the rarest passion. Her beautiful face, filled with a combined expression of relief and sexual ecstasy is something I will never forget.

Bella peed for over two minutes. When she finally finished wetting herself, she slightly loosened her grip on me, collapsing on to my body, catching her breath.

"I'm sorry, I know I'm a naughty girl."

We were saturated, even her hair was wet. Yet we were so hot from desire, from lust, from pure carnal desire, that the ambient temperature was suddenly no longer a problem, at least, inside the tent. Her fresh scent, punctuated with pheromones, was like bliss. I opened that sleeping bag, and laid Bella down. I kissed her all over. I went down on her. Her pussy was hot – literally, like a radiator. In the ecstasy of that moment, she tasted wonderful: like fresh, sweet naughtiness, laced with the smell of arousal, truly a euphoria of the senses.

"I want you so much."

"God I want you too."

