Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*023*2022-07-27 22:56

Alex was at the grocery store with Adam, waiting to check out. While Adam waited calmly, Alex did so with his legs crossed and his knees knocking. There had been delicious juice samples next to one of the aisles today and Alex had enjoyed them way too much.

Alex had waited too long, and the line wasn’t moving at all. He was rocking back and forth, side to side, craning his neck to see in front of himself at how many people he had to wait through.

Only one of them really NEEDED to stay in line, though! Adam could hold the spot for both of them.

Stupid.

And Alex had already gone to a public restroom by himself before, so it would be okay again now.

Stupid.

And… He really, really needed to go. He’d leaked once already standing here. “Adam, I don’t think I can make it through the line,” he said.

Stupid.

“I’ll take you,” Adam said. “We can get back in line after.”

“No,” Alex shook his head. “It’s okay. I can go by myself this time.”

Stupid.

Adam squeezed his hand and smiled at him encouragingly, “Okay. If you get lost or anything, just text me.” He was happy. Alex was so much more confident now. So much more secure.

Stupid.

Alex exited the line eagerly, tugging at the waistband of his shorts as he tried to draw it away from his aching bladder. Each step he took made his urine slosh and bounce around, all the more eager to begin rushing out. He saw the sign he needed, and followed the arrow towards the restrooms, already feeling more relaxed now that relief was so close.

 Stupid.

Almost there, almost there… His steps became more disjointed the closer he got to the restroom, a little spurt right at the edge of breaking free, and—

YANK!

Psss…

It took Alex a second to figure out what was going on, at first all he knew was that his head really, really hurt and there was fresh warmth between his thighs… Then he was on the ground, dazed and blinking up at… At a face he hadn’t seen in a long, long time, but that he immediately recognized.

The owner of the face had clearly recognized Alex as well— Why else would he have shoved him to the floor like that?

Alex’s heart was thumping as he scrambled backwards, his need for the toilet momentarily forgotten as he focused only on one thing; getting away.

“Alex,” Papa said, and Alex froze, unable to make himself move anymore. Something in Papa’s voice had paralyzed him… Or maybe it was the LACK of something in it.

Alex started to crawl to his feet, but the man shoved him back down hard against the ground, his knees buckled and chafed, but he barely felt it. Why was Papa here, at THIS store? This one was far away from Alex’s old house. THIS store was in the city, not in the mostly empty planes just beyond it where Papa lived. 

“Alex,” Papa repeated, and Alex froze once more. He wondered if, now, Papa regretted giving him a gender neutral name, it meant that he didn’t have an older name to spit back into his face right now. “What happened to you?”

Alex didn’t answer at first. He was too confused to. The question made no sense. “N—Nothing—“

“It’s not nothing,” Papa disagreed. “Nothing was wrong with you and— And now… Look at how much you’ve destroyed yourself.”

A pang at Alex’s opening reminded him of why he’d come here to begin with… But he didn’t want to be here anymore. He wanted to be back in the line where Adam was. He wanted to be anywhere that Adam was. Wherever Adam was, it was safe. Wherever Papa was, it wasn’t safe at all… He tried to stand up and run, but was shoved against the wall. He tasted salt and only then realized that he was crying.

Papa’s brow wrinkled in disgust as he looked Alex over more closely. Alex knew he looked and sounded lot different than he did last time Papa saw him. His voice was deeper, his chest broader, a thin bit of stubble on his chin… “What have you done?” Papa growled. “What did she make you do to yourself?”

“Leave me alone…” Alex said softly. He knew Papa was going to do something to him, and he didn’t want to know what it was. “Adam didn’t MAKE me do anything, he just let me be myself; Th—The thing you never did!” He was amazed he was able to say all of that.

Papa seemed to be amazed by it as well. Amazed and furious; “Alex, I don’t know what kind of nonsense that girl has you believing now, but who you ARE is my daughter.”

Alex tried to reply, but a sob lodged in his throat wouldn’t let him. He wasn’t Papa’s daughter, not anymore. And he was never going to be his son; He didn’t belong to that man anymore in any way.

“You’ve mutilated yourself,” Papa added. “How far has it gone? How much have you already destroyed?”

And then, Papa was GRABBING him, and tugging and pulling and… and Alex wanted to scream at the top of his lungs but all that came out was a little whimpering noise, and Papa was talking about how gross his scars were, how he’d given up his chance to do the most important thing in the world and nourish the babies he was supposed to give birth to in the future. Alex wanted it all to just stop. Stop touching him. Stop shouting. Just leave him alone. Please. Please. Please. He pleaded in his mind, silently begging and screaming for God to help him and just please make them stop, and then Alex’s shirt was somewhere on the ground, and—

But then, Adam was right there, and Adam was mad— And Adam NEVER gets mad, or yells— But he was yelling now, yelling a lot, yelling “Get your hands off of my Alex right now!” And now Adam had his wrist instead, and Adam was pulling him away really, really fast— And Alex still had to go so bad, but he didn’t CARE because he wanted OUT of here, he wanted Adam holding him somewhere safe. He wanted to be at home, in bed, hiding under the covers with Adam. But, he wasn’t. And Papa was still shouting, and saying Alex was disgusting, disgusting, disgusting, and Alex felt warmth going down his leg and he KNEW Papa was right, and— And— Outside. Outside now. Adam had gotten him outside, but even in the fresh air Alex still couldn’t breathe, and— And he wasn’t peeing anymore, but he was wet and still really needed to— And— And— And— There was no oxygen, he couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t, he couldn’t— And—In the car now, they were in the car, and—

“Shhh…” Adam’s hand was so, so tight around Alex’s trembling, clammy one. “Shhh… Sweet thing… Shhhh… I’ve got you. You’re safe. Just breathe with me, alright?”

Alex couldn’t breathe, though! His vision was fraying, pee was dribbling out of him again, but that didn’t matter as much as how bad he needed air!

“In…” Adam encouraged. “Big breath in now, Alex…”

Alex tried to follow Adam’s directions, tried to suck in air deeply and slowly like his boyfriend was, tried to focus on how firmly Adam was gripping his hand, and slowly… Alex could breathe again.

“You’re safe…. I’ve got you.” Adam repeated, his eyes welling up. “God… Alex, did he hurt you?”

Alex’s knees were bruised from when he’d been pushed, and his scalp ached from having his hair pulled so much. He felt some scrapes on his chest and legs as well… “N—Not too bad,” he said shakily. “You got there in time.” Now Alex was squeezing Adam’s hand back just as tightly. He shuddered, imagining what could have happened if his partner hadn’t come… “How did you know?”

“I…” Adam hesitated. “I don’t…I don’t even really know. I just… Had this ‘feeling’ that something was wrong and that you needed me. It’s hard to explain…”

“…I love you,” Alex said.

“I love you too, Alex…” Adam said. “If he’d… If he’d hurt you badly…” He shook his head, tried to steady himself. “I… I love you more than anything, Alex. Let’s… Let’s go home now. We’ll order a pizza or something, I don’t want to… To go anywhere right now.”

Alex nodded, “M—Me neither… The groceries…”

“We’ll come back tomorrow, it’s okay.”

“… Wanna be at home, Adam…”

“I’ll get us there as fast as I can,” Adam promised, starting up the car. He looked sideways at Alex for a moment, unsure of how to broach the next subject. “In all of that… Did you… Um…”

“I— I peed some,” Alex admitted. “A little bit. Still… Uh… Still holding a lot of it…”

Adam reached over to rub Alex’s jiggling thigh— Whether that bounciness was from lingering fear or his still-present need was hard to tell. “Well, I’ll try to get you home even faster, then.” He returned his hand to the steering wheel, but heard Alex whimper, and when he turned his boyfriend was shaking like a leaf during an intense thunderstorm. “Y—You can make it home,” he encouraged. “I know you can do—“

Alex flung one of his hands out and squeezed it against Adam’s thigh.

Oh.

Adam decided maybe he didn’t really NEED to use both hands to drive right now, and allowed Alex to clutch one of them all he wanted. Letting Alex hold onto him like that made it easier to drive, anyway. It kept him calmer, and it made his sudden compulsion to continue looking at the passenger seat and confirm to himself that Alex was THERE and OKAY a little easier to ignore.

Alex, meanwhile, did not think his body had ever felt so raw before. All of his nerves were standing at attention, icy fear still coursed through him, his bladder was SEARING and begging him to let it continue emptying out into his pants. He kept his thighs clenched together, but all of his muscles seemed to have minds of their own. He couldn’t decide which ones went tense and which ones went loose and jittery, his body was choosing that for him, and it made it so much harder to hold in his pee. “I— I feel really weird, Adam…” Alex said.

“You… Had an anxiety attack,” Adam said. “That’s why you couldn’t breathe earlier.” Adam had had a couple of those… But never one while he’d been desperate to pee, that must have been horrible. Adam was honestly stunned Alex was still holding it. If the circumstances were better, he may even say he felt impressed.

However he felt, it made him more determined to get Alex home in time. Every time Alex’s grip on his hand tightened and he heard his boyfriend whimper, Adam knew Alex’s bladder must have been spasming hard.

Finally, Alex spoke up, “I— I can’t… It feels extra hard to hold it… I’m so… I’m too shaky all over.”

“It will be alright, Alex,” Adam soothed. “Do you… Want me to stop somewhere, or—“

“Home,” Alex said, and his voice was firmer than Adam had ever heard it. “Home now. Please?”

Adam rubbed his thumb against Alex’s hand, hoping to comfort him. He’d never, ever seen the poor thing so scared… Alex must have been terrified if wanting to get to his safe-place was more urgent than his need to pee… Adam could tell he was dying to go, he was scissoring his legs around and holding himself, and there was a clear wet spot on his shorts. “Home it is,” Adam said. “You can make it. It’s not too far… Why was he even THERE?” he asked, mostly just to himself. “He lives so far away…”

“Sometimes… Sometimes, I remember,” Alex struggled, crossing his legs tightly. “If he had extra money at the end of the month, he’d go to the city alone and buy a steak for dinner… I… I guess he did that toda—“ Alex’s voice died in his throat as the car careened over a bump and made him lose a spurt of his pee. “Ah— Can’t hold it—!”

Adam tightened his grip on Alex’s hand, “You can do it, sweet thing…”

Alex DID make it back to their apartment building, but when Adam parked he made no move to spring out of the car and rush up the stairs for relief. He just stayed in his seat, crossing his legs and rocking back and forth urgently.

Did he need to go so bad he couldn’t stand…?

Adam exited the car, hearing Alex make a pained, pleading noise as he did so. ‘Hang on Alex, I’ll help you up,’ Adam thought as he went around to the other side of the car. He opened the door and held his arm out… Which Alex immediately latched onto like a plank of wood in the middle of a roaring ocean. Alex frantically scrambled from the car, and didn’t let go of Adam once he was out… Just… Kept clinging to him and shivering. “I… I need to go real, real bad…” he mumbled, and Adam hadn’t heard his voice shrink to such a tiny, soft level ever before.

“You… Can’t do the stairs? Need me to carry you again?” Adam gathered. “That’s okay, I don’t mind.”

Adam picked Alex up as he’d done the last time Alex’s bladder had been too full to handle a trip up a few flights of stairs. Adam climbed them as quickly as he dared, not wanting to shake the contents of his boyfriend’s bladder up too much. Alex’s eyes were huge on his face, and his nails dug into Adam’s shoulders hard enough to hurt. “Almost there, sweet thing,” Adam promised, and a few seconds later they’d arrived at their door and Adam set Alex down gently.

Right away, Alex was dancing from foot to foot, one hand cramming back between his legs, and the other… Wrapping around Adam’s arm as he fished out the key.

Alex winced at the sound of it turning in the lock. His thighs tensed up, his knees bowed inwards. “Ooooh…” he moaned, his grip— both on himself and on Adam’s arm— tightening. “Why’s it so much worse when I hear the door being unlocked?”

Adam gave a small laugh, “Your bladder knows it means you’re really close to the bathroom,” he said. “It’s getting too excited…” He pushed the door open, expecting Alex to rush in and straight to the toilet.

But, he didn’t…Instead, he just kept… Standing there and dancing as he held onto Adam.

“Sweet thing…?” Adam asked. He didn’t hear any hissing… No splashing against the ground… Alex hadn’t had an accident.

“Need… With you…” Alex managed. “Hurry?”

And Adam understood right away. Alex was, understandably, still very, very scared and shaken up. But… This level of clinginess; Adam hadn’t seen it since back when Alex had FIRST gotten away from his dad. It wasn’t a good sign that he was seeing it again now. “Oh,” he said. “No problem… Man, you’re right! I REALLY gotta go!” He decided not to acknowledge the true meaning of Alex’s request, to pretend this was just another one of the many times they’d both had to go too badly to wait on one another.

Alex remained latched to Adam side as they headed for the restroom. He only finally released his grip on him when he was at the toilet and realized he needed both his hands for unzipping and aiming. Alex got himself situated in front of the toilet and once Adam had joined him and tugged down his own zipper, Alex told his body that it was time to let go…

…

Alex told his body that it was time to let go!

…

…

…

Alex told his body that IT WAS TIME TO LET GO!!

But, Alex’s body wouldn’t LISTEN. The tears he’d been holding back began to flow. “Adam, it won’t come out! Help me, please? Please make it come out? It hurts!”

Adam tucked his cock back into his pants without releasing a single drop— His own bladder gave a confused lurch at that. Even though he hadn’t needed to pee that badly, it didn’t feel particularly great to leave the toilet without actually using it.

“Adam, please!?” Alex begged. “Fix it!”

Adam was right behind Alex right away, feeling huge bags of concern weighing him down. This was… Not good. At all. None of it was. Alex had been hurt today, he now couldn’t pee despite an intense need to do so, he was falling back into his earlier dependency issues, he was speaking in panicked, little half-sentences the way a young kid might…

All because of an asshole.

Fury rose in Adam’s chest at that thought. If Alex’s Dad hadn’t been there, or if he had just left Alex the Hell alone, Alex would have peed and gone about his day and he wouldn’t be in here right now, crying, glueing himself to his boyfriend, and begging for help with a basic bodily function…

Alex had been doing so well at being more independent lately, too… And seeing that jackass again had managed to knock him all the way back to square one in the span of a few minutes.

Adam was not a violent person by any means— He’d attended his first anti-war protest when he was in the fifth grade for God’s sake!— But, suddenly he had a very intense urge to wack a man over the head with a plank of wood. He almost thought he could maybe understand the feelings a world leader might experience before declaring war, and it brought his blood to such a high boil he felt feverish.

Anger would not help Alex right now, though. What Alex needed was calm. What Adam usually was WAS calm! Rage was such a foreign sensation to him that it startled him whenever it DID pop up.

Rage wasn’t needed now, Adam reminded himself. Calm… Calm… Be calm for Alex… “Poor Alex…” Adam said finally, hugging him from behind. “You got very scared today, and you have every right to feel that way. What happened scared me too. But, it’s over now. It’s all over, and you’re nice and safe at home with me now.” Adam could feel how much Alex’s body trembled.

Alex sniffed loudly and choked down on a sob, “Wh—What did I do that was bad?”

“You did nothing bad,” Adam promised, kissing the back of his partner’s neck gently.

“Wh—What if… What if it is bad?” Alex asked. “What if he’s right, and— And I’m disgusting, and Papa was right when he said I’ll go to Hell, and—“

“Shhh…” Adam soothed. “You’re not disgusting. You’re wonderful… And— And God would NEVER send someone like you to Hell…” Adam wasn’t religious, but he at least knew the basics enough to know that Alex didn’t belong anywhere near Hell. “Didn’t Jesus just want people to be kind and compassionate? To look after each other? That’s ALL you do!”

“B—But, what if… Papa said ‘God doesn’t make mistakes like that…’” Alex recited. “And, that’s true. God doesn’t make mistakes…”

“He doesn’t,” Adam agreed. “So, that must mean God made you the way you are for a reason, didn’t He? Maybe He knew it would HELP you be the wonderful, kind and compassionate person you are, if you grew up experiencing life from varying perspectives?”

“M—Maybe…”

“You talked to God about all of this, didn’t you?” Adam asked. “You talked to Him a lot…”

Alex nodded. He’d always trusted God to show him the correct path, and this had been no different. After Adam had told him about being trans, Alex had been so confused. Then, one day, Adam asked Alex to meet him in the woods behind their homes at midnight to talk about it more. Alex had been unsure if he should go or not, everything was so new, and Papa had said Adam was evil… Alex didn’t think Adam was evil at all, Adam was his best friend… But, what if he was wrong?

Alex had prayed about it, and then he’d sought answers in his Bible… The first page he turned to was a passage about going to meet a friend at midnight.

Alex made up his mind right away then. Adam wasn’t evil, and God wanted the meeting, and whatever came of it, to happen. Papa found out about the meeting and he was furious, when Alex explained that God had wanted him to go see Adam, Papa had done something that fully broke Alex’s trust in him; Papa had claimed that HE knew better than God did.

And then he thought back to earlier today, how he’d asked God to make Papa stop hurting him, and how Adam had just gotten a ‘feeling’ that something was wrong…

God was on his side. Alex could always count on God to protect him. Just like he could always count on Adam.

Psss….

Slowly, and with far less force than the agony in his bladder justified, a stream emerged and plinked into the bowl. Alex shuddered, but even Adam could tell that his vibrating wasn’t one of his usual pee-shivers. The poor guy was still full of fear. Adam kneaded his shoulders, “There you go, Alex… That’s better…”

But, Alex still didn’t FEEL better at all, he was having such a difficult time peeing that it mostly just burned on its way out and his bladder was still convulsing as much as it had been when he’d still been holding it all. “Hurts…”

“I’m so sorry, Alex… Try and relax yourself more, I know it’s not easy right now.”

It wasn’t easy at all! Alex just wanted to let go and have all his worries and stress drain away along with his pee, but his weak, dismal stream continued to slow until it shut back off entirely. “Ohhh!” he moaned. “Adam, I still—“

“I know…” Adam said. “I… Do you want to try sitting instead?”

Alex didn’t know if that would help, but he was going to lose his mind if he didn’t get more of this pee out of his body. He lowered the toilet seat, pulled his shorts down the rest of the way, turned and sat. He left his harness on, left the prosthetic right where it belonged. After today, he REALLY didn’t want to take it off, to lose the security it made him feel.

Now, sitting on the toilet with nothing preventing him from releasing his waterfall, Alex bounced his knees and tapped his feet as his bladder continued its angry thrashing.

Adam rubbed his thigh gently, “Try not to squirm, I think it will be harder if you squirm.”

“Adam, please make it stop?” Alex begged.

Adam wished he COULD, but he had zero idea of how he could do that! Alex’s body had to be the one to give Alex what he needed… “I—I— Adam fumbled, seeing Alex in so much pain was making HIM feel like he was being tortured, too! He jerked his hand to the side and flicked the sink’s faucet on full blast. “Listen… Listen to that, okay?”

Alex did, it sent his bladder into a wild frenzy, made it throb and pulse and jolt all around inside his body. He felt sick. He felt dizzy. The fear was still like ice within his veins. “P…Papa can’t find us, can he? He can’t find where we live?”

“He can’t,” Adam said. “And, if he does, if he tries to come inside, I’ll call the police. They won’t let him come in. They’ll make him leave.”

“H—He can’t take me back?” Alex asked, eyes big and watery, like the pee within him was trying to force its way out through any exit it could find. “Promise?”

“I promise,” Adam assured. “You are an adult now, Alex. He can’t make you do anything you don’t want to do.”

Alex’s breathing seemed to steady for a moment. But, only for a moment. “What about the… The little—“

“When your parents divorced, the judge gave your Mom custody of the little ones,” Adam reminded. “The people in charge of all that know which place is safest, they wouldn’t send them to your Dad. They’re safe. You’re safe.”

Alex reached out a hand and squeezed it around one of Adam’s. “I don’t… I don’t wanna see him again…”

“I know…” Adam nodded, wincing at how tightly Alex was gripping him. He wasn’t sure if it was fear or desperation causing that, but he wished both of those things would flood out of Alex’s body soon. “I’m so sorry you had to see him today. I really didn’t expect that.”

“He… He came out of nowhere, I was just… I just wanted to go pee. I still just wanna go pee…” Alex’s knee began to bounce again. “It hurts so bad, Adam…”

“Shhh…” Adam soothed. “Poor thing… I should have come with you. I should have—“

“I told you to stay.”

“I know…” Adam sighed. “… Alex? You remember… Um… You remember the first time we went grocery shopping together? Remember how bad you had to go that day?”

Alex nodded. He could never forget that! It was right after he and Adam had moved in together. At that point in Alex’s life, he was so fearful of the world. He’d used a public bathroom as a guy only once— The very first time he’d used his STP, actually. He’d been at the hospital where Mom was delivering Mary, and Adam had given him a bag of clothes and things to try on, including a binder and an STP. Alex looked as much like a guy as he could have back then.

But, he stayed in the hospital overnight with his Mom, and partway through the morning it had hit him how badly he needed to pee. He got nervous then, unsure which restroom he could use. But, he found one for ‘special needs’ that wasn’t gendered. He knew that probably meant ‘people in wheelchairs’ or something like that, but he hoped ‘Scared of public bathrooms’ counted as well.

He’d gone in, peed standing up for the very first time, and felt so wonderful and good, so right, so at home in his body… He’d felt relief wash over him, but not just from his bladder. He’d felt it in his brain too, he’d felt… Okay in his skin, something he hadn’t realized until then that he’d NEVER actually felt before. He looked at himself in the mirror after he was finished, and he didn’t think he had ever been so happy. He’d spent his entire life feeling bad and wrong without knowing why, but then he finally felt whole.

But, after that, he stayed away from public restrooms. Once he’d escaped from his Dad, he’d attended a high school in the city for a little while, but no matter how desperate he got to pee, he always held it until he was back home where it felt safe. He HAD to do that— Some of his new classmates had said that they’d beat him up if they saw him go into the bathrooms there, and he believed them.

He didn’t last long at the high school. He was so far behind, and being bullied by people who didn’t like that he was trans, thought he was stupid since he knew so little of the world, or both certainly didn’t help. And, it was hard to concentrate and catch back up to speed with people lightyears ahead of him academically when he was ALWAYS dying to pee.

He’d actually had a couple small accidents in those days, where he’d make it all the way home after school but soak his boxers as he unzipped. He never spilled enough to make a puddle on the floor, but more than once he lost so much that he needed to change his pants.

After just a few months, he couldn’t do it anymore. He wasn’t getting anywhere, and he wasn’t happy. He had to stop.

Adam had begun tutoring him then instead, trying to teach him all of the basics he should have been told early on. Alex got better at Math and learned as much as he could about history. Then, Adam finally took him to a new place, where he’d filled out some long tests, and soon enough he’d gotten his GED. It wasn’t quite the same as actually graduating from a high school, but it MEANT the same thing, and Alex was so proud of himself for managing it.

But, the whole long day he’d been taking those tests, he hadn’t peed. When he got home, he’d flooded the toilet for well over a minute. He was almost as proud of himself for making it to the restroom in time as he was for getting the GED!

Now that Alex had completed his education, he and Adam began to live together right away, and shortly after that was Alex’s first trip to the grocery store with him; During which he got so desperate to pee that it had sent him into fits of agony.

“You remember that day?” Adam asked again.

“Y—Yeah…” Alex said. “I… I remember… I really needed to go…”

“You sure did…” Adam agreed. “Took me so long to figure out what was wrong. Silly thing wouldn’t speak up.”

“I didn’t think it would do any good…” Alex said. “I thought… I thought you’d tell me to just go. I didn’t think about how you’d understand.”

Alex had told Adam eventually, when he stumbled over his own feet and a jet of pee soaked the area between his legs, he blurted it out; “Adam, I need the bathroom REALLY bad!”

Adam had blushed at Alex’s volume, and then grown tense. Now that Alex had told him the problem, it was obvious to him that he couldn’t make it home…

But, at that time Adam hadn’t set FOOT in a public bathroom since the day he’d gotten beaten up. He didn’t know if he could do it, he didn’t—

He looked at Alex’s face again, and knew that he HAD to.

“Of course I understood,” Adam said now. “I felt the same way… But, as soon as you told me you had to go, I had to ignore that I was scared and get you what you needed.”

Adam had escorted Alex swiftly to the restroom that day. Alex had eyed the urinals for a moment, but then ducked into a stall and locked it. “Don’t leave!” he called out immediately.

“I’m right here,” Adam had called back. “No one else is in here.”

“And…” Alex said now. “When you promised you’d stay, I felt so safe… Like nothing bad could happen, because you were there… And… And I just…” Something finally gave out inside Alex’s body, and a rush of pee began to spray into the bowl beneath his seat. “Ahhhh…..” he groaned, immediately losing his train of thought as the relief overtook all other stimuli.

“You just peed…” Adam finished for him. “Like you are now… Isn’t that better?”

Alex nodded, his body jerking and spasming with convulsions that Adam knew WERE his usual pee-shivers this time. Alex decided it was a good thing he’d sat down, his legs were numb and tingly and he was struggling to even stay SITTING upright. Standing would have been a disaster. He peed so hard and so fast that the noise echoed within the bowl.

There was only one problem with Alex sitting to go; When the sound of his release began to taunt Adam’s bladder, he had no choice but to hold it! Alex couldn’t step to the side and let him join in like normal! Adam bounced on his toes as he waited for Alex to empty.

Alex’s stream finally slowed down to a trickle, then a gentle dribbling, and then it was over. He stood and shakily pulled his shorts back up. “Th—Thank you, Adam…” he said. “I’m sorry I got so—“

“Anyone would have been upset, Alex. Someone who hurt you just… Appeared out of nowhere to hurt you again, of course you were scared. I was scared!” Adam gave Alex a kiss on the cheek. “But, you’re safe now. No reason to be scared anymore. All better, right?”

“Yeah… I feel better now that I don’t have to go anymore.”

“That’s good… I still need to, though.”

“Oh. Oh, right,” Alex said. He wavered at the doorway, he still didn’t want to be too far from Adam.

“You can stay here if you wanna,” Adam shrugged as he unzipped. “I don’t mind.”

