Shhh, It`s Okay Sweetie. It Happens...

Author: shadow prince of hearts

*000*2026-01-06 05:12

This one is one that I thought of while writing my ongoing story 'Susan's Big Test'

Still new to writing fetish content so please let me know your thoughts and any areas you think I can improve in.

###

We were all supposed to go to the Renaissance Fair together this year, my entire group of friends. The trouble started when Julie caught a stomach bug though. Of course everyone else had to catch it too, well besides me and Alicia. We were the lucky ones who live off campus in a shared apartment while they all live in a large dorm. So here we are, day of and Alicia being the warm-hearted momma bear she is, wants to go take care of our friends who are under the weather. It took them all collectively getting on a call to tell her that she should go with me. It is our only chance to go anyway, we all have events lined up on every other weekend. She still wanted to go and help them feel better but they ultimately told her that if she didn't go and enjoy it enough for all of them combined they were going to collectively haunt her.

She really is too good for this world. One would think that a woman over six foot tall with beautiful, long, slightly frizzy auburn hair and strikingly bright green eyes may be a domineering firecracker. They would be right in part; get between her and helping a friend and you may not have a head on your shoulders after, but otherwise she is legitimately the most caring person I have EVER met in my life, and I am a social butterfly. Not to mention she has a bodacious body that makes me nine levels of jealous.

Here I am just above five foot with barely a B cup compared to her double Ds. My dirty blonde hair in a pixie cut and my eyes are just an average everyday blue. Ugh, just looking myself in the mirror makes me wish I could just swap bodies with her, or maybe just crawl in a hole somewhere.

Anyway, here we are on the day and we are dressing up, because why wouldn't you. We are going to the Ren Fair, we may as well look the part. Alicia for her part looks stunning when she walks into my room wearing her dull green tavern wench style dress with simple leather corset and frilly white blouse. My eyes immediately float to her breasts before I look away with a silent huff.

I am still standing in front of the mirror in my bright blue cotton panties and matching bra, if you can even call it that. I go into my closet and rummage around until I find a simple white button up blouse with slightly puffy sleeves and frilled cuffs. I bought this last year when I didn't have a proper outfit. Of course the girls helped out in my moment of need but afterwards I wanted to have something for myself. Next I pulled out a pair of black tights and some leather boots that can pass for a part of such an outfit.

I was just going to do the black tights since it is bound to be hot and they could probably work with the outfit. Well, that's what I WAS going to do but before I could don the tights in question Alicia walked over and snagged them from my hand. "Hey! I was going to wear those..." I snap maybe a bit too much in that statement. I haven't even had my coffee yet, the sun is barely on the horizon but Alicia wanted to be there from open to close to really explore so here we are.

"Honey you are going to ROAST if you wear black, I guarantee it. We are supposed to see temps in the high 80s today." Her tone and the look on her face had so much concern that I immediately clammed up. There was no fighting it when she gave you 'that' look. You know the look where any parent really just wants you to understand they are truly trying to help you? Yeah, that one.

I give an exasperated sigh before responding with "Fine, you choose then." The radiant smile she gave at that response was so dazzling it was like someone took the sun and set it in my room. It is almost too blinding for me, and it is far too early for this level of joy. Ugh I just want my coffee at this point, make that two.

After rummaging around in my closet, knowing exactly where to look she pulled out a light blue skirt with a very flowery pattern. She also happens to find a pair of white tights that I didn't have any idea even existed. Last she chose a thin pair of socks that wouldn't leave my feet sweltering. She hands it all over to me and asks with that same level of concern if I would like any help but I tell her I am positive I can get dressed on my own.

It takes a few minutes of course but I get fully dressed. I feel fairly weird in this outfit. I don't usually wear dresses and skirts; in fact I can guarantee this is a hand me down from one of our sick friends. Still, when I step out of the room into our shared living room she is all smiles about it. I put up with it and grab my backpack style purse while she grabs her brown leather satchel that she likes to use as hers. We are out the door and there is just barely sunlight to light the way to her SUV.

I climb into the passenger seat and look her way while buckling in. "We're getting coffee right? I don't think I can survive without my daily dose of caffeine." Her response is a simple, "Of course, we definitely want you energized for the day ahead".

We stopped first thing at a coffee shop drive thru. I ordered the largest coffee I could find with several shots. She ordered her usual herbal tea. She says that she gave up caffeine for the most part years ago and I can't even imagine what she would be like with a caffeine buzz. She is always so calm, like a cool balm on the nerves. Sometimes even if she is just sitting there with you reading a book you can just feel the stress drain from your body.

I down the coffee in no time at all and as you can imagine, it does what coffee does to a person. I tell Alicia that I need to make a pit stop along the way. The Ren Fair is about an hour out and then from experience we know traffic will drag that out further. So, she happily obliges, mentioning that she should probably try as well since we are stopping. Soon enough we are at a gas station along the way; can't say I am super pleased. Never like gas station bathrooms in the least but when nature calls you take what you can get. We both take care of our business quickly and are on our way again.

It doesn't take much longer until we are in traffic waiting to be directed to our parking spot. Maybe I shouldn't have gone for the largest coffee. I already have to pee again. Lucky for me the wait is short enough that we are parked and headed up to the ticket area. Of course there are bathrooms nearby as well, though they are portapotties. I shiver at the thought of it but those are the facilities provided to these kinds of places so I hand Alicia money for my ticket and excuse myself to empty my bladder again. Luckily there isn't much of a line so though I was clenching a bit by the end I was able to get relief with relative ease.

While I was in the bathroom Alicia did us the favor of nabbing our tickets. We quickly made our way in and the first thing that Alicia did was find the first water vendor and buy us two bottles of water. "Don't want to get dehydrated, heat stroke will be a possibility in today's temps." I just take the water knowing that there will be no winning against her when she's like this. She is in full on momma bear mode, I can just see it. She is going to make sure that nothing ruins this day for me. I sigh, cracking the water open and taking a sip to make her happy; promptly receiving a smile.

So we started our adventure, checking every shop we saw along the way. Alicia REALLY likes shopping, pulling me along to every clothing store and checking several pieces of clothing against herself and much to my chagrin against me as well. I am not a shopper, always very in and out, much more interested in spending my time in other ways. Still, I just can't say no to her when she looks me in the eyes like that. I wouldn't be surprised if others saw us as dating the way she pulled me around from shop to shop.

Eventually we were hitting the time for shows and she looked over to see that my water was empty; I had been sipping as we walked. We hadn't been venturing for more than an hour and a half now but the temps were already starting to rise. She quickly dragged me over to another drink vendor and paid for a number of waters this time. She threw them in her satchel so that we wouldn't need to keep finding places to buy them and wait in lines.

She hands me another water. "Starting to warm up, better keep hydrated" was all she said and I cracked it open taking a sip as she did the same. Then we are off to watch the first of what ended up being a long line of shows. Music, comedy acts, jousting, sword tournaments. Before I know, it is already time for lunch and she is pulling me by the hand to one of the food courts. If someone didn't know better they would probably think she was my girlfriend or something, dragging me around like an over excited schoolgirl. I don't mind though, as long as she is having a good time.

Some ten minutes later we are sitting at a table with food. I did one of the bread soup bowls and slugged down another bottle of water. It really is hot out today. I am sweating despite the fact that I traded black tights for a loose skirt. I can see Alicia is also running a little warm, her cheeks a smidge flushed but she keeps sipping on her water, giving a slight sigh as she finishes it.

Then we are back at it, on to more stores, more shows. That is, until my bladder hits me. We have been on the move for so long, I don't even know how many waters I have finished. It's so hard to track when every time I finish one she seems to pull from the endless supply in her pack. I don't even know where she is getting them all anymore.

I slow down a bit and she immediately notices. She stops and looks at me with that concerned momma bear look again. "What's wrong hun?" I tell her the truth, not like I need to hide it. Not even that I could at this point. I am not sure how it snuck up on me so quick but I am really bursting. I went from fine to squeezing my thighs in moments.

She pulls a pamphlet from her satchel, probably got it when buying the tickets and looks at it intently for a few minutes. "Hmmmm...the closest bathrooms are a bit away. You going to be alright?" I say the only thing I can, "lets go then, I'll be fine."

We made our way over, her leading me by the hand. This time rather than her looking like my girlfriend she probably looked more like a mother pulling her desperate daughter by the hand to get her to the potty as soon as possible lest the result be regrettable. Well, we actually did make it without incident. I have a long life of holding through long drives, movies and sporting events to thank for this. Though honestly at this point I probably look more like I won't make it at all. I am doubled over with my hand in my crotch and my thighs clenched together, my skirt is bunched up in my hand as if having more fabric there would make any difference to my ability to hold.

It was when we finally arrived that a bit of despair crept into my mind. I might have an iron bladder, but I see the line of fifteen other girls lined up outside the alcove of portapotties meant for women and the fact that several look to be in my situation or worse. It's not like I can ask these girls on the verge of pissing themselves to cut either. They need it just as bad, this is just how these things go. Why don't they have more women's bathrooms around. Men can piss anywhere but women don't have that luxury nearly as easily.

Alicia looks at me with those concerned eyes again. "Are you going to be alright? Do you think you can wait it out in the line?" Her voice is gentle, just as soothing as ever. She is more worried than anything else and I can see it. I'm clenching for dear life, I know that I won't make it in the line and I don't know where the next bathrooms are or if I would even make it to them. I don't even see anywhere private to squat. I am sure if I had some other desperate lady would be there getting her relief.

I don't know what to think at this point. When was the last time I actually was at risk of pissing myself. It had to have been during middle school maybe? Probably even before that actually. All I can do is shake my head with tears starting to form in my eyes. I can see a hint of pity in her eyes but it isn't a mocking pity it is the same kind of expression that I am sure a worried mother would give her child when she wasn't sure how to help in a situation.

She quickly scanned around, swiveling on her feet to get a full view of the surroundings while keeping hold of my free hand that is growing clammy. After she looks a bit she turns back to me with a determined look. "Can you still walk a little bit? It's only a couple feet." The question catches me a bit off guard. Did she actually see a spot I can squat and pee? My brows narrow in determination and I nod firmly. I will do anything to not suffer this embarrassment.

Where she leads me however surprises me. It is a small alcove of trees off to the side of the path. The problem is that it is totally visible from several angles. There is absolutely no way I could squat and not expose myself to the public eye, even with my skirt as a guard.

She pulls me a bit into the inner workings of these few trees. Maybe a bit more privacy now, but nothing guaranteed, but the trouble is that the way we are positioned with her facing me like this, so close that there isn't even a half step between us. There is no way I can squat down like this. Not to mention I am at my absolute limit.

"What are we doing here?" I ask urgently. "There is nowhere to squat, no privacy..." My face is sweating terribly.

"I know honey, but this is the best I can come up with when you are so desperate. You're just going to go through your panties and tights."

I look at her with an absolutely mortified look. "No..." it comes out as more of a whimper than a denial. "No, I won't piss myself like some unpotty trained brat." This time it comes out with a fiercer attitude.

Her response was so sympathetic and filled with concern that I knew she was really trying to help me regardless of how I felt about it. "I'm sorry hun but this really is the best I can come up with. The way you look now I know you wouldn't make it in the line and unless you want the same thing that's likely about to happen, to happen in the view of others this is your best chance.

Now tears were genuinely cascading down my cheeks. Was this really what it came down to? Was I really about to piss myself in the middle of a Renaissance Festival within fifteen feet of the bathrooms. "I really don't want to." my voice was a high pitched desperate whine at this point and my legs are shaking with the effort to keep the inevitable from happening. I know it's too late anyway, I can't even move now, it is all about holding myself in any and every way I possibly can.

Alicia could only give me that warm, motherly smile as she tenderly wrapped her arms around me and brought my face to her breasts in a comforting manner. "I know honey, but here is what you are going to do. We'll make sure that it isn't noticeable okay?" She didn't wait for my response at all. " I know it will feel difficult but you are going to straighten your posture as much as you can, then spread your legs nice and wide. If you do that then you shouldn't get much of anything that will show okay?"

"I don't know if I can." I replied in a whispered whimper into her breasts, my teary blue eyes turned up to look into her warm green ones.

"Then I will help you but you need to let go of your skirt first okay?" I don't know what she is going to do but my heart is thundering in my chest. Am I really going to do this? Pee my panties and tights right in front of my friend, with her assistance none the less? Do I even have a choice at this point?

I nod my head into her breasts, quickly letting go of the bunch of blue skirt and wrap my arm around her for support. I don't know what to expect.

What I didn't expect was that the moment my arms wrapped around her she was already moving her hand to my butt. With strength I didn't realize she possessed she forced my posture straight by using herself as a barrier and putting pressure on my butt in her direction. This was a VERY intimate hug with my face nearly smothered in her breasts but she did indeed force my straight. "Now spread your legs wide, quickly now." This time, as sweet as her voice sound it had a tone that matched her fierce momma bear mode.

I did what I was told immediately and was rewarded with an involuntary squirt of hot pee into my panties. My bladder was giving up despite how much I was clenching it. The fact that my thighs weren't squeezed and my hands were behind her back instead of holding myself meant that there was not more escaping it.

The waterworks started in two fashions then. I am not sure why but I actually started crying into her breasts. Luckily the sounds was muffled because I fear I would have really sounded terrible, ugly crying while I pissed myself like a baby. The other waterworks started as a few more spurts, increasing in frequency and length until it lust poured out of me like a never ending stream. The sound of pee rushing against fabric and then liquid against dirt was all I could hear.

That is until Alicia raised her hands and rubbed my back and the back of my head gently and whispered down at me "Shhh, It's Okay Sweetie. It Happens to all of us at some point." She kept rubbing my head and back even after the stream slowed to a dribble, then drips before being done.

My tears didn't end so quickly but they too passed after a few more minutes of being held. Eventually I looked up at her and sniffled out a thank you. Her response was her usual bright smile and a gentle "You're welcome." After that she let me go and pulled a couple of tissues from her bag and held one to my nose. I gave her a look and tried to grab for it. I am not a baby, I don't need someone to wipe my nose for me just because of this but the look she gave me made me swallow that sentiment and just go with it.

One tissue for the nose and the rest were for damage control. Her methods had worked just as she had said. Because I was upright with legs spread wide hardly any made it down my legs, instead going in a waterfall straight down. I am sure a part of that was due to how light the fabric of the tights she chose for me were. I quickly wiped myself as privately as I could and was soon free of most of the evidence.

She spent a few minutes wiping my face (luckily I hadn't worn makeup due to the level of dust in the air at these fairs). Soon we were on our way again with me feeling so much better. The summer heat made all evidence of the incident disappear, though I found holding a bit harder throughout the rest of our time. Some times I would notice a slight leak and then we would be off to a bathroom. However not too much longer into our journey I realized something. She hadn't stooped for the restroom a single time.

When I asked her about it her reply left me in shock. "Hun, where do you think that advice came from? I hate those portapotties. Wouldn't step in one if my life depended on it". That's when I realized that while we were eating lunch, the heat didn't cause her to flush, and the sigh wasn't from the water. When she sat down she had carefully lifted the skirt from under her bottom. I didn't notice it at the time because I was so in my own mind but the sound of pattering water when I had my accident went on longer than what I remember actually going for.

She had been peeing her panties the whole time and I never realized.

The rest of the trip was a lot more interesting. She showed me some of the ropes on how to get away with it. Then at the end on the way home she had us sit on some plastic bags. There wasn't a bathroom break on the way home either and by the time we got back in the butt of our skirts weren't exactly dry.

###

It wasn't anything too drastic like the accident but, as she would do she had made sure I continued to drink water through the remainder of our time at the Fair.

By the time we were in the car my bladder was too exhausted to really hold much of anything. I had worries about how that would go at home and tonight in bed but here in the car it wasn't so much of a concern.

As we finally escaped the parking area was the first time I felt it in the car. It was different because my skirt was not out of the way.

My first thought was panic. We had been peeing ourselves sure, but she tight me how to not show any signs. My skirt would be showing now, even just a little. After all it was just a little spurt. The only issue was my panties were soaked. Before we hopped in we both had done it again full boar using the car doors as cover.

I turned to Alicia, my voice still holding a tongue of that same whimper from earlier. I can't seem to get rid of it now when I am embarrassed. I hope that I get myself together by tomorrow. We will be visiting everyone to tell them about the trip, sans soaked panties of course.

"Is it really okay to get the skirts wet? Won't someone see it on the walk from the car to the apartment?"

She gave a warm giggle followed by a slight hot breath, almost on the edge of a moan. I now knew what that meant and the sound honestly made me tummy flutter in ways I don't want to admit.

"What time is it hun?". This was an odd question but I checked my phone it was later 7:30ish. I told her that and she looked at the setting sun.

"It will be dark by the time we get home sweetheart, nobody is going to see us and we live right near the door on the first floor. It will be a quick in and out. Lastly though you should do your best not to be too in your face about it in public, nobody would say a thing even if they did see. For all they know we were at a costume party and we all know how the parties on campus can go."

I feel a little more relieved with that. After the slight leak I was beginning to feel another build up. All that water still wasn't gone? How much did I actually drink?

Rather than try and hold it or try and readjust I just leaned back and let it happen. My panties were drenched already, my skirt a touch damp and the seat protected, there was no point in making myself uncomfortable again.

As the heat rushed into my panties and up my butt like a few other times that day I let out a hot sigh, followed by a slight moan that made my cheeks go red. Did she hear that? I'm afraid to look.

The big difference in the experience is the skirt this time. There is more fabric to take in the pee and it sticks to my butt more. It feels good and warm. It makes me wonder what it would feel like with a thicker material, maybe denim?

I look over to see her turn my way and smile at me with that warm smile. "I'm glad you are enjoying yourself hun. We'll clean up when we get back and everything will be right as rain".

We got back safe, traffic was minimal once we got away from the fairgrounds. However, along the way I had to wet twice more. We had committed to not stopping since we were both soaked. The first of the two came with another moan, this one louder. Why am I feeling excited all of a sudden.

She giggled that soft, warm giggle. My cheeks are on fire for a different reason than the warm feeling under my butt. "Don't worry honey that's just your body's reaction to the relief. If you need to 'take care of yourself' I don't mind.'

That red from my cheeks spreads to my ears. Jilling off in the passenger seat with Alicia in the driver's seat? The idea is kind of exciting in a concerning way but I stop the thought right there. What the hell am I thinking?

A few minutes later I need to pee again. Seriously how much water did she have me drink? I once again lean back but this time as it happens something unexpected comes with it. A hot flash of an orgasm and a nasally moan.

I had never thought such a thing was possible but because of it I am red from head to toe. The thought of just getting one out is growing on me though.

Luckily we are pulling into the parking spot when that thought comes. We quickly hop out, take the bag off the seat to trash inside. As I get around the back I see her skirt, the large butt sized wet mark. Before she starts walking though she spreads her legs a bit and I hear that familiar hissing and pitter patter. She lets out a much more mature sounding moan than my own, making my cheeks burn yet again.

I try and let out anything I have left quickly and warm my panties with a slight dribble before we make our way in. True to her word nobody saw.

When we made it in I made my way to my bedroom. I needed this wet skirt off and then to take care of this arousal. What I didn't expect was for her to follow me into my room with that same warm smile and gentle look in her green eyes.

###

Let me know what you think? Did you catch the clues?

*003*2026-01-06 12:30

{{5 hours ago, FlowingFaster said:

I would have liked to have read expanded details on the car ride home. Other than that, this was great!

}}

I can add a bit on that in a side post but it was late when I finished writing this and I was exhausted.

Thanks for the feedback!

*004*2026-01-06 13:23

{{6 hours ago, FlowingFaster said:

I would have liked to have read expanded details on the car ride home. Other than that, this was great!

}}

I added your requested details lol but now I might need to continue this as a series lol.

Enjoy the addition at the end. Might be worth a full reread 😉

