Go or no

Author: Storywriter_3

*000*2016-06-25 16:55

She bit her lip. "No?" She said in a confused manor, pretending to hide the urge to go. She really felt she was bursting, and the pain was soon to be unbearable.

BZZT, Danielle's alarm clock roared. She annoyingly got up and glanced at the time. "7:30 am!" She panicked. School started at 7:40. She took a 8 minute shower, and 2 minutes to brush her teeth. By then it was 7:40, but she had to pee. She decided she would at school.

The day started off bad as usual. Mr. Lindell would sternly say, "No." Everytime she asked to use the bathroom.

The second class was the same. Except the urge was WAY worse and she was bitting her lip.

The third class, she managed to regain control, and she knew Ms. Fanas would let her go but she was in a bad mood.

"Phew, lunch," She thought. Then she felt someone touch her shoulder. She spun around and it was her "slightly" crush, Eathon. He had a fresh haircut, long eyelashes, ice-blue eyes, perfect soft pink lips, and somewhat bushy, and nicely shaped eyebrows.

"Hey," He said and shot his mezmerizing smile. She almost forgot to respond. "Hi.." She said back a little awkward. This made her forget all about her nearly bursting bladder.

At lunch when she finished her bottle of water the urge hit herbs K strong, she quietly whimpered and her bladder nearly contracted, almost making her lose control.

Eathon shot her a quick look, and she was blushing too hard to look back at him. "Do you... Have to, uh go?" He asked quietly. She was about to burst, so she bit her lip. "No?" She said in a confused manor, pretending to hide the urge to go. The pain was soon to be unbearable.

BEEP BEEP, the bell went. School was over! She tried to walk fast but Eathon caught up with her. "Hey, I can drive you home," He suggested and shot a smile, "If you want, of course." She nodded quickly began to do a small pee-pee dance. They walked to the car and he started it up. That was pushing her bladder to its limits. She whimpered and crossed her legs tightly.

Her looked at her a little concerned. "I'm sorry," She said and bit her lip, her legs shaking, "I have to pee and I think I can't hold it anymore." Eathon nodded. "My house is coming up, but do you want to pull over?" He asked.

The answer pull over ran through her mind and the land was nearly deserted. No one was walking through. Then she felt her bladder contract, and a few drops began to escape. "Pull over!" She yelled frantically. He stopped and she jumped out. Her bladder began to spurt. She pulled up her skirt while doing a quick, fast stepped pee dance. Before she could pull her panties off, the flow hissed and she nearly threw them off. She sighed in relief.

About 1 minute and 32 seconds later she finished. Her face was really red, and she didn't look at him. He was going to drive her to his place.

They hopped out of the car and he unlocked the car. They sat on the couch. Eathon looked at her up and down. "I have to go pretty bad too, ya know.." He said, and a wet spot began to show. He closed his eyes.

She was slightly turned on. She bit her lip. "I have an idea," She said in a seductive voice. She unzipped his pants. He was starting to burst from the release of pressure. She quickly leaned in closely to his penis and began to stroke it gently. "Fuck," he cursed and each stroke brought a wave of pee, "Stop, please!" He couldn't stop it, then he got hard.

"It's working.." He said and smiled. He sat back and closed his eyes. She stopped. "Go to the bathroom now." He nodded and ran.

She smiled.

THE END

###

@@more stories like this or no?

