Desperate Disha

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2023-07-04 13:04

Hi Omo Lovers, I have decided to break down my story commissions into separate posts based on certain feedbacks I received in my DMs. I hope it makes easier to search content.

Desperate Disha:

Hi, my name is Rex, I am 19 and have recently joined college. Apart from fitness and my love for sex, I have addicted to holding my pee. Yup, you heard that right. Not wetting, but constantly staying painfully full – It feels so fucking good. And the longer I hold it, the better it feels. But the best part is trying to act normal when you're bursting at the seams. You have to be strategic about where you sit, how much you drink, and how you move. It's like a game of Jenga, and one wrong move could bring the whole tower tumbling down.

But this story is about me and the girl of my dreams. Read on to find out.

- - -

As I sat in the back row of the lecture hall, I couldn't help but notice the familiar sensation of a full bladder. But this was nothing new to me. I've always loved relishing the sensation of desperation that comes with a bursting bladder. In fact, I’d been holding my pee for 24 hours every day since I joined college and was trying to push beyond.

I looked around the room and noticed that I wasn't alone in my need to relieve myself. Four girls in the front row were squirming in their seats, clearly in desperate need of a piss. And there I was, sitting comfortably, proud of my ability to hold it in. I overheard the girls talking amongst themselves, whispering about their desperation and wondering if they should ask the professor for a break. I couldn't help but chuckle to myself. These girls clearly had no idea what it meant to hold their bladder like a champ.

I decided to eavesdrop a little more, just to see how desperate they really were. It was both entertaining and a bit thrilling to hear them discussing their predicament.

One of the girls leaned over and whispered, "I can't hold it much longer, I need to go now."

Another girl responded, "Me too! But we can't just leave in the middle of class. What if the professor sees us?"

I smirked, feeling a sense of superiority. They had no idea what they were missing out on. But then, a new thought occurred to me. Maybe I could help them out. I cleared my throat and turned around to face them.

"Excuse me, ladies. I couldn't help but overhear your predicament. I happen to know a thing or two about taming the bladder. Maybe I can offer some advice."

They looked at me sceptically, but also with a glimmer of hope in their eyes. "Really?" one of them asked. "What can we do?"

I leaned in closer and whispered my secrets to them, sharing my tips for holding it in without anyone noticing like Kegels, scratching the calf and even pressing the bladder hard for a few seconds to increase the pressure and then allowing it to return to normal. They seemed both impressed and grateful.

The lecture soon ended, and I made my way out of the classroom just after the girls bolted out. I spotted the four girls huddled together in the corridor. They looked frustrated and were muttering under their breath. I couldn't resist walking up to them to see what was going on.

"What's up?" I asked, trying to suppress my amusement.

"The restrooms are closed due to a water line maintenance!" one of the girls exclaimed, throwing her hands up in frustration.

As much as I wanted to the girls to get more desperate, I thought it might be best to keep that to myself. Instead, I tried to act like I was just as frustrated as they were.

"Ugh, this is the worst!" I exclaimed, trying to play it cool.

Inside, I was actually thrilled at the prospect of having to hold it in for even longer. I had been drinking water and soda all day, the pressure in my bladder was not very easy to contain. But then again peeing could always wait. As we made our way off-campus, I couldn't help but notice that the girls were struggling more and more, fidgeting and crossing their legs, while I remained composed.

"So, how long have you guys been holding it?" I asked, trying to make conversation.

The girls exchanged a glance before one of them spoke up. "Since lunchtime," she admitted, looking embarrassed. “Just 5 hours and they are bursting!” I thought to myself.

I raised my eyebrows to act surprised. "Oh, wow. I've only been holding it for an hour or so," I lied, trying not to sound too smug. The girls groaned in unison, and I couldn't help but feel a small sense of victory. Holding my pee was like a sport to me, and I loved winning. Unfortunately, they spotted a public restroom and started walking towards it. As we reached the public restroom, I felt a little disappointed that the little adventure was about to end. But man, I was wrong!

- - -

After the girls finished using the public restroom, they were surprised to find me waiting outside, still holding it. They couldn't believe that I could continue to hold it. Little did they know I could single-handedly beat them at holding.

"Rex, you must be bursting by now!" exclaimed one of the girls.

I just smiled and shrugged it off. I didn't want to admit that I was actually dying to pee. I wanted to prove to them, and to myself, that I could hold it until I got home or may be even longer. I heard one of them speak to the others in a whisper, “Oh my god! He’s so much like Disha!” I was intrigued but didn’t say anything. My mind was racing though, to find out more about Disha. Why would they say that I was like Disha? Did she like to hold it as well?

As we walked back to the college, I felt my bladder jolt with every step, but it was still long before I would allow myself even a drop of relief. The girls, on the other hand, seemed to be relieved and happy to have emptied their bladders. They chatted and laughed while I just clenched and focused on keeping my waters contained.

Just as we reached the gate to our hostel zone, we saw a girl approaching us. My heart skipped a beat. The girls introduced her as Disha. She had jet black hair styled like a model, full kissable lips, and a body that looked like it was made for sin – be it her massive bouncing boobs barely contained in her crop top or her tiny miniskirt that barely covered her butt. Provocative – was an understatement. I couldn't help but stare at her, trying to hide my raging boner.

"Hey there, I'm Disha," she said, giving me a seductive knowing smile.

"Hi, I'm Rex," I replied, trying to sound as cool as possible.

"So, Rex, what brings you here?" Disha asked, eyeing me up and down. "I'm new here, just like you guys," I replied, trying hard to keep my eyes on her face. "Oh, that's cool. Which course are you in?" she asked. "Uh, mechanical engineering," I replied, hoping I didn't sound too nervous. Honestly speaking my heart was in my mouth.

We talked for a few more minutes, and I couldn't help but notice how Disha kept shifting her weight from one foot to the other subtly. I knew that look. She needed to pee, rather badly. Perhaps that was the reason the girls earlier commented that I was like Disha. I was proud of my ability to hold it, but I didn't know if Disha was as good at it as I was. I decided to test her when the rest of the girls made their way back to the dorms.

I kept talking to her and even took her out for a coffee, trying to distract her while she was clearly desperate to pee. As we downed a coffee or two, I could see Disha struggling to sit still. She kept crossing her legs and occasionally grabbing her thighs, trying to hide her urgent need. I was impressed by her determination, but also amused by her predicament. As we reached her hostel later in the evening, I could see that Disha was in a hurry to get to her room.

She bid me a quick goodbye and walked briskly to her building. It was a treat to watch her tiny skirt bounce on her bubble butt exposing her cheeks and a hint of the tight neon green thong underneath. I couldn't help but wonder if she would make it in time. I knew that feeling of desperation all too well – the last few moments of control as we go the proximity of a bathroom. I felt a strange attraction towards Disha. Later that night, as I lay in bed, I couldn't stop thinking about Disha. I wondered if she was able to hold it till she reached the restroom. Does she hold it regularly or today was one off event? How long she must have been holding? How much did she drink all day? I drifted off to sleep dreaming about her.

- - -

From the next day itself, I kept a close eye on Disha. I couldn't help but notice Disha's behaviour in class. At first, she would come in with her usual bubbly self, making flirtatious comments and giggling away. But as the day wore on, I could see her becoming more and more quiet, fidgeting in her seat, and looking increasingly uncomfortable. I noticed her chugging water from her bottle steadily throughout the day and also re-filling it during lunch time. That girl drank like gallons but never entered the ladies room with her friends.

On very few occasions had I encountered anyone else who took pride in holding their pee like I did. But with Disha, it felt as if I hit a jackpot. As the days went by, my curiosity got the better of me. I wanted to know more about Disha's habits and what drove her to hold her bladder to the absolute limits.

I watched her closely in class, noticing the way she squirmed in her seat and crossed and uncrossed her legs. I couldn't help but feel a little envious of her ability to hold it in for so long. As someone who prided themselves on their own holding skills, I was intrigued by Disha's seemingly effortless ability to do the same.

But I knew that bringing up the topic in front of her would be a mistake. For one, it was a little too personal of a subject to broach with someone I barely knew. And two, I didn't want to risk offending her or making her feel uncomfortable. So, I continued to observe her from afar, watching as she downed bottle after bottle of water and held her pee for hours on end. It was almost as if she was in competition with me, and I couldn't help but admire her tenacity.

As the days passed, I found myself becoming more and more intrigued by Disha. Her ability to hold her pee was impressive, but there was something else about her that drew me in. She was funny, smart, and incredibly mischievous. After a couple of weeks, I found her giving me sly glances in class or teasing me during breaks. It was almost as if she knew I was watching her and was enjoying the attention. And I couldn't help but feel a little smitten. But I knew that any romantic notions I had towards Disha were foolish. We were just two people with a shared interest in holding our bladders, nothing more, yet.

- - -

Around 3 months had passed since we met. During these months Disha had never used the toilets – at least not when I was around her. She acted as if she was immune to it. Right from the first lecture of the day to the last, she would be in the class steadily chugging water from her water bottle. I always kept up with her to ensure that I too can be desperate and relish the satisfaction of being under control. Subconsciously we both were trying to one-up each other. And man! It was intense but more was yet to come.

I, Disha, and the rest of the 4 girls were chosen to participate in a tech conference and were preparing for the same. We had to take a 16-hour bus ride to reach the destination. The night before we left, we gathered for the final rehearsal after dinner. But something was off about Disha today. I noticed that Disha was fidgeting more than usual. Her legs were crossed tightly, and she kept shifting in her seat. I could see the sweat on her forehead and her face was turning red. It was not her usual – I-AM-IN-CONTROL self.

"Hey, Disha, you okay?" I asked, trying to act as calm as possible while clenching my muscles. I had a constant dull ache in my bladder since lunch time.

She turned to me and responded with a forced smile "Yeah, I'm fine. Just a little nervous, I guess."

But I could tell there was something else going on. I glanced over at our four friends, who were all whispering and looking concerned.

"Guys, what's going on?" I asked.

One of the girls spoke up. "Disha really needs to go to the bathroom, but she's refusing to leave. We've been trying to convince her, but she's being stubborn."

Disha glared at her friend. "I'm not stubborn! I just don't want to miss anything important."

It was then I noticed that her regular water bottle was replaced with a new gallon sized one. My jaws dropped when I realized that it was empty and there were three empty juice cans kept next to it. Merely thinking about the intake made my bladder scream with pressure.

"Hey, it's okay Disha. Its already past the time when you normally take your before-bed gusher." One of the girls whispered into her ear. Much to Disha’s dismay it was heard by all of us.

Disha shook her head adamantly. "No, this is more important. I will not pee tonight! I'm fine."

But as the rehearsal went on, it became clear that Disha was not fine at all. She kept squirming in her seat and forgetting her lines. Finally, she burst out in frustration.

"I can't do this anymore! I-I need a break!"

We all looked at her in surprise. Disha was usually so composed and in control.

"Okay, let's take a break," I said, thinking that she had finally given in, but my jaws dropped when she asked her friend to get her a bottle of water.

“Don’t be stupid Disha! You don’t need to drink water but release yours!”

But Disha refused to budge. "No, I can hold it. I just need to – need to stay hydrated.”

I was having a raging hard on at the moment. Perhaps Disha’s pride to admit her needs was the only thing preventing me from rushing to the bathroom myself. We all exchanged worried glances, but no one wanted to push her too hard. So, I and another girl went to the canteen to fetch a bottle of water. On my way I asked the girl what was wrong with Disha.

“You will not believe! Disha just pees once a day and today we called her for the rehearsal just when she was about to finally relieve herself.”

“Only once-a-day! That must be so difficult!” I tried to act casual.

“It is! When we all came to the college, she used to pee twice, but I don’t know why she started restricting herself to only once a day!”

“Is she always so irate when she gets back to the dorm after the lectures, ever since her once-a-day rule started?”

“God! You should see her once she’s in the room! She squirms like crazy, and her hand is glued to her crotch!” She giggled. My dick was as hard as steel at that moment.

“I don’t know but perhaps she is trying to beat you!”

“What do you mean!?” I was taken aback.

“Oh C’mon! All the girls in the class know you never go to the bathroom all day . . . I mean just look at the rest of guys who rush out every two hours.”

I felt my hard on grow larger as she continued. “It’s so manly to be able to wait. Looking at you right now all four of us can pounce on you to suck you.” She paused upon realizing that she blurted too much. “Be honest though – Don’t you need to pee?”

“Ahhh!” I didn’t expect the question. “It’s definitely there but nothing I can’t manage!” I lied through my teeth. My teeth were afloat with piss. But relief was not an option especially after knowing what the girl said. My mind was racing with the thoughts of Disha - a hot busty girl, trying to pee only once a day, trying to beat me. The rest of the girls talking about sucking me. It felt like Christmas!

Soon after we got her a bottle of water from the canteen. On my way back I chugged a bottle myself to keep up with my dangerous game. The girl looked at me with suspicion. I just brushed it off saying that I hadn’t had any water since lunch. Disha’s eyes grew wide in horror as I gave her the bottle with a knowing glance. She slowly started drinking it, shifting in her seat every few seconds and her face contorted with effort.

Finally, it was my and Disha’s turn to present the slides. We could see that Disha was holding her breath between her sentences. Her hand was tightly clutching the hem of her short skirt as if trying to pull it down. The tight waist band was cutting right on the apex of her bladder. She stood absolutely still, with her legs crossed tightly. We could literally see the muscles on her legs were flexed with strain. Each time she made a mistake the girls made us start from the beginning. Little did they know my bladder was ready to pop too. I was gritting my teeth and clenching my muscles non-stop. There was no way on earth I was letting Disha know that I had to pee like a racehorse.

After a grueling hour the rehearsal finally ended. I was no longer safe. My bladder was trying to push out the load violently. The first few drops of pee had reached the tip of my dick. My body was covered in sweat and I had goosebumps on my body. It had been 27 hours with more than a gallon of intake. It was too much for my bladder. I wanted to sprint out of the room but held on somehow. Disha on the other hand was practically pee dancing now. Her hands revolved around her crotch, sometimes holding her belly bulge, sometimes tugging on to the hem of her skirt.

“Hurry up guys!” Disha pleaded her friends with strained voice. Her legs were glued together.

“Wait it out Disha! We are almost done!” Her friend snapped at her. It was so sudden and abrupt that Disha was startled. Her bladder gave in, and a jet of pee escaped. Her neon green thong had turned dark. She clenched herself and took a seat crossing her legs as tight as she could.

“Disha! I think you should go.” I offered to help her. She was in no position to fight it. Her bladder simply would not have any of her non-sense any longer.

“NO! I – I can wait” Disha glared at me. Her face was red with strain and true to her words she didn’t make a move to rush out to the toilets. As we walked back to our dorms with Disha and the others, I could see that Disha was on the verge of tears. She was walking with her legs tightly crossed, and every few steps she would pause and clench her muscles. I wanted to offer her some words of encouragement, but I didn't know what to say. So, I just walked alongside her, trying to keep a neutral expression and focus on my own needs to release the lake inside me.

When we reached the dorm, Disha was doing a full-blown pee dance. Her eyes were shut close and hands grabbing the hem of her skirt. Her face had turned blue due to holding her breath. The girls on the other hand were keeping up with small talk running through our itinerary for the next day.

“Girls! How much longer?” Disha pleaded.

“Take the keys and rush inside. We will be there in 5” One of them tried to hand over the keys.

“Oh! It – its fine. I will wait with you guys!” Disha answered rubbing the tears of her cheeks but still unwilling to accept defeat. I was no better than her. Perhaps the girls knew that and were trying to delay us. Whatever. After 5 minutes we left. As soon as I turned my back, I heard Disha snatch the keys and bolt inside, muttering cuss words. A moment later a loud moan was heard across the corridor. I went back near to their room on the pretext of forgetting something and heard the sound of a loud gush coming from the bathroom.

The girls could not hold their laughter seeing me. One of them picked up her wet thong and showed it to me. It was drenched with piss. I was salivating at it. “Do you wanna join her?” One of the girls teased me. “I – No! I will go later” I sheepishly bade them a good night and waddled back to my dorm, satisfied that I outheld her. I could not wait for the trip to push myself harder and thus I went to bed cancelling my before bed pee. My bladder screamed for a release, but I silenced it.

- - -

I woke up with a painfully full bladder. I had to knead my dick for a good few minutes to bring the surge of pressure under control. 25 hours’ worth of pee and over a gallon of water was tightly corked up in my swollen bladder. Skipping my only pee of the day was a dangerous game, but the kick of doing this while out with Disha was irresistible.

Before I stepped out of the dorm, I jokingly texted the girls, "Ladies, make sure to empty yourselves before you board the bus!" I received a chorus of giggles and affirmative responses from everyone except Disha. She was on her phone, furrowing her eyebrows. We all headed to get some breakfast before boarding. I was pleasantly full and had to calculate how much I and her were drinking. Before we knew, we both had downed a jug of orange juice, easily about 1500ml. We gave each other a knowing look.

A while later we got on the bus. I took a seat next to Disha and couldn’t help but notice a small bulge on her bladder. One of the girls came and asked her if she wanted to pee and it was the last chance. As a response Disha simply tightened her belt one more notch.

“No thank you! Rules are rules!” Disha coldly said. The girl got her answer and they all left for the toilets.

“Why does everyone make such a fuss about peeing?” Disha was annoyed.

“Perhaps because you were miserable last night Disha!” I teased Disha.

“Do you even know how much I was holding! I had not peed since the night before yesterday and I pee only once every day. Instead of appreciating me, you guys keep on squandering my efforts day and had drank one full gallon of water and god knows how much of juices and drinks.”

“All right! Chill, I am sorry.” I was expecting to have a good time with her on the trip but I pulled the wrong string.

“I am a big girl Rex, and I can contain my waters. And you know what, I cancelled my cautionary pee which I had thought of earlier specially for today’s ride, just to prove to you all that my bladder can practically hold a lake. And oh yes! I drank over a litre of water before I slept.” She was enraged. I simply nodded to her anticipating the pain I was going to put myself through. I massaged my bladder which contained over 24 hours’ worth of pee already. Deep down I knew it was going to be the most difficult hold of my life. It was better to wet than accept my needs to Disha.

The journey stared without much hassle. Though the Air conditioning was wreaking havoc on Disha. She put her hoodie on and kept her arms crossed, clearly shivering. Perhaps the yellow microskirt was not the smartest choice for such a long ride. On the other hand, I was sweating profusely, my shirt stuck to my skin, thanks to the effort of took to I act normally. When I lowered the temperature she would turn off the overhead blower. The other girls enjoyed our silly quarrel. This back and forth continued for quite some time till I conceded and let her win. This would be the only thing I let her win at.

A few hours passed and the bus made a stop for lunch. The girls immediately made a beeline for the toilets, but Disha stayed put. I took the opportunity to grab some lunch for myself and her. Needless to say we had already chugged our bottles somehow. Thus a monstrous soda was due with lunch and additional water bottles. Before I entered the bus I secretly watched Disha from the gate of the bus which was tinted. I could faintly see that her face was contorted, hands shoved in her crotch and legs fanning frantically. She did need to pee after all. I felt so proud of myself.

As soon as I entered the bus, her hands flew away from her crotch. “You took a pee, didn’t you?” she asked, almost accusingly. "Nope" I answered as calmly as I could. Truth be told I was in agony, but I would not give in so easily. I wanted this to be excruciating. The journey resumed and half of the soda was making its way to our overworked bladders. Disha crossed her legs like a pretzel pretending to be cold. I being the gentleman I was, offered her my jacket which she gladly took.

Apart from that she gave no other signs about her growing need. I glanced at her side from time to time and found that the monstrous soda was gone. I made sure to finish mine, despite my Bladder begging not to. With every gulp it was becoming more and more difficult to keep up with the act.

An hour or two later, Disha was visibly uncomfortable, shifting in her seat every few minutes. The pretension of being colder was gone and I could see sweat beads forming on her forehead, and her breathing was getting heavier. One of the girls took pity on her and asked if she should ask the driver to pull over. But Disha remained resolute in her decision to hold it in.

As the hours passed, the pressure inside my bladder rose to a whole new level. Every bump on the road felt like torture. My dick throbbed with pain as pee kept rushing to the tip in waves. I was savouring the discomfort. But I couldn't show any signs of weakness, not when Disha sat next to me.

At one point, the bus hit a particularly rough patch of road, and Disha let out a small whimper. I could tell that her resolve was starting to falter. I quickly calculated our intakes since the morning. A giant soda worth 800ml, 3 bottles of water which meant 1500ml, our morning juice was another 1500. We had a gallon of liquid coursing through our bodies. I couldn’t even tally all the liquid from the previous day already gurgling inside. We continued our silent suffering.

As the sun began to set, the air conditioning on the bus seemed to get colder and colder. I was shivering, my teeth chattering uncontrollably. Disha, on the other hand, had her hoodie and my jacket on. She still seemed to be sweating. All our water bottles were empty now. My body was shuddering with the desperation. I glanced at the clock, it had been 38 hours since I felt any relief. Perhaps 20 for her.

It was a strange dichotomy, but neither of us was willing to even jokingly admit our need. We gave each other a knowing look. Keeping the hands away from the crotch was so difficult but I didn't want to give her the satisfaction of falling weak. We were both determined to outlast the other.

Soon the bus pulled for dinner. The moment the bus stopped, both Disha and I turned our heads towards the restrooms longingly, but we both knew the rules. No one was supposed to pee. The other girls, however, were not so compliant.

“Guys, come on, just go pee! It’s been nearly a day guys! I’m sure you’re both dying to pee” one of them pleaded.

Disha shot her a glare. “I’m fine, thank you. I want to hold it.”

I nodded in agreement, trying my best to look as composed as possible. “Yeah, we’re both good. Thanks for your concern, though.”

The girls seemed to give up and headed to the restrooms. As soon as they were gone, Disha and I both let out a sigh of relief. We both sat there, silent, each lost in our own thoughts, trying to ignore the growing pressure inside us. The rest of the girls returned and we resumed our journey. The night sky was beautiful and the stars were shining brightly. But we could hardly appreciate the view as our minds were only focused on one thing - the unbearable pressure in our bladders. There was still 5 more hours to go to the journey and we were nearing our limits. But more trouble was to come. In the middle of nowhere the bus got punctured.

As soon as the bus came to a halt, everyone began to panic. The driver got out to examine the tire and we were all asked to wait inside. I tried to distract myself by checking my phone but my mind was too focused on my bladder. Disha was curled up in her seat, legs crossed tightly like a pretzel, almost weeping. She kept shifting in her seat and biting her lip.

“You okay?” I whispered, trying to hide my own discomfort.

She nodded, trying to put on a brave face. “Yeah, I’m fine,” she said, her voice barely above a whisper. The minutes ticked by agonizingly slowly, each one feeling like an eternity. Finally, after what seemed like hours, the driver returned and announced that we would have to wait for a replacement bus. My heart sank. I knew I couldn’t hold on much longer.

"I just want to reach the hotel," Disha whispered, her voice shaking with desperation. I nodded in agreement. The fun part of holding was replaced with necessity. Even though I wouldn’t looking relieve myself I find myself around frantically for any sign of relief. But there was nothing. We were stranded in the middle of nowhere, with no restrooms in sight.

Looking at the other passengers rushing behind the bushes was pure torture. I could hear the sound of their relief echoing in the silence. The girls came back one by one, looking refreshed and relieved, but also giving us pitiful looks.

"Are you sure you don't want to go?" one of them asked, trying to be helpful.

"We're good," I replied through gritted teeth, trying my best to hide the desperation in my voice. But the truth was that I was far from good. The pressure was becoming unbearable, and my mind was slowly losing control. I tried to distract myself by talking to Disha about anything and everything, but it was getting harder and harder to focus.

"How much longer?" Disha asked, her voice trembling with desperation as she got up from the seat. For a moment I couldn’t believe that she gave in. She inched towards the door. I don’t know what was she thinking.

"Not sure, but it could be a while. But where are you going though" I replied, trying to keep my cool.

“I just need some time alone” Disha was breathed through her mouth making a hissing sound. Her legs were glued together and fists shaking. Sweat dripped from her forehead to her deep cleavage.

But before she could get some alone time, the driver came back and informed us that it would be at least another two hours before the replacement bus arrived and asked all of us to get down. I could see Disha almost pull her hair in frustration. I could relate to her as a quick squeeze down there could make things so much better. But pride and stubbornness kept me from doing so. up. So far I had not shown any signs of desperation.

As time passed, the situation became increasingly dire. I could feel my bladder pulsing with pain, and Disha was no better off. Her face was contorted in pain, and she was sweating profusely despite the cold air conditioning.

"Are we there yet?" she asked, her voice strained and desperate.

"Not yet" I replied, trying to keep the panic out of my voice.

The last hour was the hardest. My mind was starting to lose control, and I found myself squirming in my seat, trying to find some relief. Every passing moment felt like an eternity, and I was starting to wonder if we would ever reach the hotel.

The last hour was the hardest. My mind was starting to lose control, and I found myself squirming in my seat, trying to find some relief. The insides of my bladder were burning. I had never felt pain like this ever in my life. I was starting to wonder if we would ever reach the hotel. But then, finally, we did. Two hours later than planned, but we made it. As we rose from the seat, I saw a small wet patch on Disha’s seat. She had leaked. I knew it! Her control was slipping. Wearing such a short skirt was not a good idea after all, I chuckled to myself.

As we stepped off the bus and got down, gravity hit us hard. I felt as if somebody had attached a bowling bowl to my stomach. An intense wave hit me and I had to pause there bringing my legs close. The notch of my belt was still at the tightest setting. I could feel the heat coming out of my ears and my heart beat like a race car engine. My body was begging for a release. 42 hours had passed since my last partial pee, and I had chugged like a big bucket of water.

“Look at you Rex. You’re gonna burst!” One of the girls came running to me, showing me the way to the restroom in the lobby. My desperation rose 10 times as soon as my eyes fell on the door. Imagine drinking vodka out of the bottle and how it burns down your chest. It was exactly similar except it was my pee rushing to the tip of my dick.

I held my breath and clenched my muscles. “How’s Disha doing?” I asked with my eyes shut close. “Not better”, she answered.

“Babe you haven’t peed since last night. You have honoured your rule. Just go!” The other three girls tried to persuade Disha. She was teary eyed but looked at me expectantly that I would be the first one to break.

“How the fuck is he still holding it!” I overheard Disha talking to the girls.

“Babe he is strong.“ the girls looked at me slyly.

“I am stronger. And strong girls don’t pee!” Disha was angry and irritated.

I was turned on and taken aback at the same time. How could a girl who can barely stand with a pregnant like bladder bulge, still want to beat me. I could not give her the satisfaction of defeating me. I took a deep breath and stood straight. With the last reserves of my strength, I straightened my body and said something which turned Disha pale.

"I think I will retire to bed. Peeing can wait till tomorrow morning or later.” Their jaws dropped to the ground. I smiled to them and walked as normally as I could towards the elevator. I was stacked with two of the girls and Disha with the rest.

Disha perhaps never thought I could beat her. Me opting to fight for another night was getting on her nerves. Despite it, she was too prideful to admit defeat. "He - He is right. Peeing can wait" Disha strained herself and waddled to her room with the rest of two girls.

The night was difficult, but I was determined to hold it till the morning. Our rooms were next to each other.

“WOAH! didn’t know your bladder could expand so much!” I could clearly hear conversation in the other room. Thanks to the weird low quality walls.

“No. I contain more than this every day. Its – Its just that it was too cold in the bus which made me weak momentarily” Disha lied.

“It’s huge! How the fuck did we not spot it earlier?” Another girl commented.

“Yeah! Waist – clincher. I – I compressed my bladder under it all day” Disha was struggling to form sentences. “Aahh! Don’t touch it” Disha suddenly snapped. The pressure was making her cranky. Obviously so.

I was enjoying their conversation and so were the girls with me. I signalled them to keep their voices low. They giggled and agreed to it on one condition.

“You gotta let us feel your bladder. We have never seen a guy as strong and manly like you” I was instantly hard. I smiled nervously as I finally unbuttoned my jeans and instantly fekt better The curve of my bladder went as high as my navel button. My skin was white, and I could count my veins. The girls had no clue what a dangerous situation I was in, but it was too late to back off. Despite all my pain I let them torture my bladder. They started slowly pressing it but it escalated quickly. I was pinned down by them. To my horror, they took turns to sit on it and bounce vigorously.

“This is going to be a long night tiger” As much as I enjoyed being blown by them, my dick threatened to gush the pee in their faces. I gripped the bed so tight that I tore into the bedsheet and the mattress. Not a drop of pee could escape or I would be doomed.

Disha on the other hand was silent, but I could faintly hear her tossing and turning around.

An hour later the girls were asleep on my chest and their knees were right on my bladder. My eyes were paining out of tiredness and my bladder felt as it was being stung by bees from inside.

Around 4 in the morning, I could hear the girls in the other room suddenly wake up.

“What’s wrong Disha?” One of the girls groggily asked.

“No - Nothing I just needed to.”

“Go to the toilet?” The other girl questioned.

“Noooo…Why would I go there the toilet in the middle of the night? I – I am just thirsty.” My eyes grew wide in amusement and horror at the same time. The next moment I heard water being poured in the glass and Disha quickly chug it down, slamming the glass on the table. I had to keep up with her. I reached out to the bottle kept next to our bed, sliding the naked hotties over my stomach. I chugged the full bottle groaning with a sharp pain from my Bladder.

I have no clue how I fell asleep but the next I woke up, it was 7 in the morning. 49 fucking hours without a drop of relief. My body was drenched in sweat and the entire bedsheet too. There was no semblance of composure left in me. My body demanded relief. I suddenly remembered about Disha waking up in the middle of the night to drink water. My mind was clouded with questions. Did she pee already? Did she wet herself? If not, then Disha would be holding around 31 hours’ worth of pee and countless litres.

Soon enough my questions were answered. I heard Disha pacing around the room and the other two girls were taking turns to get ready. She still had not accepted defeat. Perhaps I underestimated her.

I woke the girls in my bed and was welcomed with a nice juicy blowjob. My dick was hard as iron partly because I wanted to ejaculate a massive load and other because of the boiling pee gushing to find an escape. The other girl teased me about how badly she needed to pee and knowingly kept the door open as she took a strong morning pee. I winced in bed at the sound of it. But the torture was far from over. The piss was followed by her taking a shower which made me drive nuts. I was biting my lip so hard that I bled. In the meantime, the girl continued with the slurpy blowjob. As her tongue ravaged my dick I was starting to feel the ever-familiar pressure getting stronger.

“How are you feeling now Rex?” She seductively asked.

“Please s-stop!” I panted. My breath was erratic. Toes curled. Fingers dug into the mattress and dick about to explode. “I can’t hold it much longer”

“Oh Rex, you must!” She purred and deepthroated me. I was pulling my hair. I was in full blown panic now.

In the meantime, I heard something that was never expected. “OPEN THE GODDAMN DOOR! FUCKING LET ME PEE NOW! I AM GOING TO EXPLODE” Disha banged the bathroom door like no tomorrow. There was a muffled answer from inside which I figured was the other girl asking her to wait. “I CAN’T FUCKING WAIT. I haven’t pissed for the last 32 hours!” Disha cried as the other girl in her room burst out in laughter. “No! NO! NOOOO! Don’t you dare!” It was Disha screaming as the other girl started tickling her. I could hear Disha panting and begging to let go but the other girl was relentless. It was pure commotion. For a minute I felt that all the 4 girls had planned to gain sadistic pleasure out of our pain!

This continued for another 15-20 minutes and then as if I connected with Disha through telepathy.

“ENOUGH! Let me go – NOW” I and Disha both shouted at the same time.

I literally pushed the girl blowing me, aside and grabbed my dick for dear life. There was no more waiting – it was my body’s PEE-NOW moment. Perhaps same was the case with Disha. I waited with bated breath for the bathroom door to open. As soon as it opened I bolted inside, drops of pee starting to leak out of my aching erect dick. I stood in front of the porcelain bowl begging for my dick to go flaccid. Seeing the bowl in front of me, my bladder went into a hyper-agitated mode – forcing bursts of piss. But my arousal prevented a release with full force. Not knowing what to do I held my breath hoping to calm my dick down.

In the meantime, I heard the bathroom door of the other side open and close. The bathrooms were adjacent to each other just like the rooms.. I heard the sound of cloth being torn away followed by a prolonged moan. A loud noise of piss hitting the water, filled the bathrooms. I closed my ears in pain as my dick still refused to go soft. Disha on the other hand was pissing like a fire hose. Around a minute later, somehow her stream stopped mid-stream “Hold it – hold it – hold it” I heard Disha muttering under her breath. I couldn’t believe she was still trying to control it but her bladder won in the end and violently pushed out the remainder of the piss with even more force. “OHHHH GODDDDDDDDDDDD!” Disha moaned in exasperation.

It was only then my dick finally turned semi-hard allowing the lake of piss to gush out of my pee. My body shivered as whole of the piss tried to make its way out. I could see my dick literally puff due to the pressure of the piss rushing out. I had never needed to pee so – so fucking bad in my life. I could feel steam emanating from the WC as it filled it to the brim.

Neither me nor Disha realized that the girls were calling us from outside to check on us. There was a deafening noise of liquid hitting liquid echoing throughout. Only when they started banging the doors from outside, it dawned to us how long we had been pissing for.

“Just let me piss in peace!” Disha screamed with a strained voice as her bladder continued to gush out a thick stream of piss.

“I am trying to hold it back, but it just won’t stop” I tried to sound calm.

After a good couple of minutes, Disha’s stream came to an abrupt stop. Her bladder expelled the entire load with such force that there was no slow down at all. I on the other hand went on for another minute or so, filling the WC to the brim. I had to clench my muscles before the piss spilled on the floor creating a mess. I couldn’t believe my eyes. All that piss was contained within my bladder. It was like a record in itself. Feeling proud I quickly took out my phone and clicked photos to keep proof of it. My bladder was still aching with the remaining piss desperately wanting out. But there was literally no way to further release it.

I came out of the bathroom with the girls rushing inside only to scream in disbelief. I collapsed onto the bed drenched in sweat. The other two girls barged into our room and went straight to the bathroom to see what happened.

“Did he piss all this?” The girls from the other room asked in amazement.

“Yes! Rex held this lake inside, all day since yesterday!” One of my girls said.

“Dang! I thought only Disha was corked up. You must check out her monstrous release”.

I could not bear it anymore. I quietly walked up to Disha’s room. She laid there on the bed, naked. Her body glistened with sweat and boobs heaved up and down due to her panting. She gave me a steely glance and I returned it with same ferocity. As I slowly walked into the bath, she smirked at me. The scene was absolute chaos inside. I saw a torn thong lay on the floor in a puddle of piss, and the WC was just half an inch short to the brim.

I smiled to myself. It was like a dream come true. The sexiest girl in the college was also a pro at holding it. I felt my dick stiffen inside my tight underwear as if my dick approved of her.

“Looks like I won after all.” She triumphantly said with a weak voice. A moment later, she came and stood behind me.

“Not quite!” I showed her the photos of my bathroom with the WC spilling over.

“Perhaps you need to work harder Disha. But you’re strong and worthy.” I palpated my bladder to show her a prominent bulge still there. Disha’s eyes widened in disbelief.

All she could muster to say was, “Challenge Accepted”.

- - - The End - - -

