Peeing pants caught in traffic

Author: sunita

*000*2017-06-23 13:58

I was in 2nd year of collage, I had went to my friends home for a stay over. She had called so as her parents had went on a business trip to abroad, and would return after two - three weeks. We had nothing to do in the afternoon sessions of the collage and we were let off. We both walked to my home where she told me that I had to stay over in her home till her parents returned. She being a very good friend of mine I agreed to her.

I took my scooty and went to their house. We watched movie for sometime, when I felt my bladder being full. Yes it was full, I started to sweat under the A/C. My friend however was busy watching movie did not understand my predicament. She asked anything to eat / drink?? I said no, it was 8 pm in the night and bought some corn for meals. We eat it and went to sleep, and before that she excused herself to washroom. I too followed her as even I had to pee. But I did not like using them., just as then she flushed,hearing this my needs intensified. I came back and went to sleep, then she asked "don't you need to use washroom, I haven't seen you go since afternoon"? I said I have to pee . . . but . . but ...... ha ... it is .. it is ... not that urgent! The whole night I could not sleep properly, I feared that I would wet her bed. I feared I would wet her Teddy Bear that slept between us and I cannot blame that teddy peed herself.

I slept with my crotch pressed tight, I was still feeling sleepy when I got awake by 7 in the morning. I saw my abdomen had bulged, I touched the bed under me to see if it was wet and confirmed pee was still inside me. My friend had prepared coffee, but I denied it. I told her I need to get ready soon and come to collage as it was getting late.

I widened my legs to get on my scooty, resulting in which a 3 sec long spurt of pee shot off me. I pressed my butt hard into the scooty seat and the pee stopped. My home was 20 min far from her's, and tried to drive as fast as possible. I could not drive fast as I had to concentrate on my bladder and traffic.

My bladder did not cooperate with me yet again. I started to spurt every few seconds, I bent down to see that my grey pant had turned to pitch dark in my crotch region. Wetness soon spread to my butts and started flowing down my thighs and pee started to drip near my ankles. It was obvious to anyone that I was peeing. To my bad luck I got stuck in a traffic signal, people around me stared at my wet pant. This was it, the left out pee gushed like a fire hose wetting my pant and my scooty seat.

