Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*002*2022-02-06 17:02

Alex and Adam enjoyed their lunch. Their waiter seemed to be confused as to why Alex was so wet, but didn’t comment and likely didn’t assume any of it was pee. Alex was much calmer as they ate now that his bladder wasn’t an aching ball of misery. Once they had paid and were about to leave, Adam looked at Alex and said; “You should go one more time before we leave here, okay?”

Alex paused. He… sort of needed to go again. It wasn’t bad, though. And he was frightened to go into a public restroom again if it wasn’t an emergency… “Why?”

“You just… When you hold it too much like you did earlier, you get a little sore,” Adam said. “Have you ever noticed that?”

Alex thought it over. He supposed that after the night where he’d needed to resort to soaking one of his towels, he had been more eager for his morning pee than he usually was once he’d woken up. “Yeah.”

“I’ll go with you,” Adam said. “I don’t want to have to pee at the fair, either…”

As Alex walked after Adam, he felt anxiety creeping up in his chest. “How come? Is that where…” he lowered his voice. “Is that where those people hurt you?”

“No,” Adam said. “Nothing THAT bad. It’s just— Well, if you DO end up needing to go while we’re at the fair, you’re gonna be really grateful that you can pee standing up now.”

Alex felt a little better once Adam had told him the fair had not been the location of his assault, but if that was the case he didn’t understand why Adam would be worried about having to relieve himself there. He’d said Alex would be thankful for having an STP if he needed to pee at the fair, so did that mean there were only urinals there? That would be pretty discriminatory… Alex had been learning a lot about discrimination and about how sometimes things were unfair for no real reason from Adam; Maybe this was just one more of those things.

Alex was relieved the restroom was empty once he’d pushed the door open. Without even a hint of nervousness he got himself in front of a urinal and unzipped, letting it flow a couple seconds later. As his stream struck the porcelain, he felt a little bit of tenderness in his middle. His bladder really WAS tired out after all that desperation earlier…

Adam peed alongside him, and once he was done, Alex noticed he stood there for a few extra seconds, like he was trying to make extra certain there was nothing left in him. When he shook his prosthetic out and zipped up, he asked Alex; “You’re sure you’re empty?”

“Yeah…” Alex said.

“That’s good. Just trust me. You really, really don’t wanna have to go at the fair if you can help it. And I don’t think the restaurant will let us keep coming back here to use their toilet.”

“Okay,” Alex said, still confused.

Once they were at last exploring the fair, Alex finally solved the mystery that had been puzzling him. The toilet facilities at the fair were absolutely filthy. They were like the outhouses Alex had read about in books about the pioneers. Except, these were blue and made of plastic instead of wood. “I thought those didn’t exist anymore,” Alex said.

“Hm?” Adam asked.

“Well, except on like, really old farms and stuff…” Alex added. “Didn’t we get indoor plumbing so we don’t need those anymore?”

“Oh…” Adam said. “Well, yeah. You’re not gonna find a regular old outhouse in many places anymore, but since everything set up here is temporary, they aren’t gonna build flush toilets here.”

“So then, do you like them?” Alex asked. Adam had mentioned a few times that it was a waste of water to flush a toilet if all you’d used it for was to pee, but Alex always forgot and just did it anyway out of habit. One night, Alex hadn’t been thinking and had accidentally peed in the tub when they’d been showering together. Before Alex could even finish apologizing Adam interrupted to tell him that it was actually good to pee in the shower. That was one less flush, so it was better for the environment. “Those use less water, right?”

Adam gave him a strange look; “No human being who has ever lived likes portable toilets,” he stated. “I guess they DO use less water, but they’re just… Not sanitary. And I have bad memories of them. And they’re cleaned with formaldehyde, which isn’t good for the environment at all. When it breaks down it can create formic acid and carbon dioxide, and—“

Alex tuned Adam out after a minute. Adam could go on long rants about subjects like that. But, he sometimes didn’t realize that Alex didn’t really understand half the words that came out of his mouth when he did it. He got the general gist of it; The portable toilets were gross and the stuff you cleaned them out with was bad. Alex agreed wholeheartedly with the first point, and if Adam was right about the second, then Alex would agree there as well.

He also understood now why Adam had said he’d be grateful for his ability to urinate without having to sit down. The less skin contact he had with any part of those toilets, the better. But, in the time he’d been learning to use his STP, he’d learned a great deal about ‘splashback’, and that was something he’d prefer to avoid when the stuff splashing back at him would be so vile…

He took inventory of how much he’d had to drink with lunch; Only one glass of water. That was good. Even with his bladder all sore and worn out, he shouldn’t feel full enough that he absolutely NEEDED to relieve himself for quite a while. But, then he remembered that Adam had downed four glasses of lemonade because the meal he’d gotten had been too spicy for him…

Alex could tell that his boyfriend would probably rather stub every last one of his toes than use a portable toilet, but with how much he’d had to drink, it was likely he’d NEED to do it. Unless… Water could come out of a person’s body in other ways; If Adam just sweated out all that liquid, then he wouldn’t need to go, right?

And, it WAS hot today… Hopefully that was enough to keep Adam from needing to go while they were here.

It wasn’t enough. Especially not when Alex wanted to ride the bumper cars, and after being jostled and knocked around for several minutes, Adam’s bladder was irritated enough that it seemed to be working overtime at filling itself up.

Adam did a pretty good job of hiding how uncomfortable he was after the ride. And, after a few minutes of not being bumped to and fro, his bladder began to settle back down again and it felt much more manageable.

Alex had figured out that if he got Adam to do some kind of physical activity, that could help get him to sweat out all the lemonade he’d drank before it even reached his bladder. When they started to pass by the carnival games, Alex thought fast. There was an enormous teddy bear set aside as a prize for a game where you had to knock down pyramids of milk jugs with baseballs. That was kinda physical, wasn’t it? “Adam, look at that huge bear,” he said.

Adam turned and noticed it, as well as the game he’d need to win in order to get it. “Alex, carnival games are all scams,” he said. “It’s impossible to win that. They glue some of the bottles together so you can’t knock them over.”

Alex didn’t really care about the bear, he just wanted Adam to sweat so much none of the lemonade could reach his bladder. He pouted. “Awww, Adam. Pleaaaase?”

Adam sighed, envisioning the beaming smile on Alex’s face if he was able to carry that bear around. And, it would make a good bed for their pet rabbits. “Okay…” Adam said. As he paid the carny and received the baseballs, he rocked slightly on his feet. His urge was returning, and now took a more concentrated effort to fight down. No way was he gonna use one of the portable toilets with their toxic, environmentally destructive chemicals. He couldn’t encourage that. If he wasn’t part of the solution, then he was part of the problem. If the fair HAD to use temporary facilities, they should have set up compost toilets instead. They’d still be nasty after a day of use, but far better for the planet.

Shifting his feet, Adam raised one of the baseballs and took aim.

He missed.

“You were close!” Alex encouraged. “Try it again!”

Adam’s hands had momentarily clasped themselves in front of his body, his legs nervously turning inwards. “Right…” he said, squinting as he refocused on the targets. Jiggling a little, he threw the second ball. It smashed into the bottles, but only knocked the topmost three out.

“That’s better!” Alex said. Adam did look a little sweaty now… Hopefully that meant this was working.

Adam rocked back and forth even more, then forced himself to go still. His bladder was firing off a lot of really alarming warning bells. His middle was aching with needy fullness. He hoped that his twisting was seen more as him just trying to line up his shot, and not as the pee dance it was starting to become. He launched the final ball and took out the remaining bottles. He was shocked to see them all actually fall over as he’d been positive at least one of them had been glued down.

Knocking down one tower was enough to earn a small prize, Alex picked out a stuffed iguana that he liked and then gave Adam a quick kiss on the cheek.

Adam was surprised, normally Alex was too worried about the possible reactions of others to kiss him in public. Adam really enjoyed when Alex worked up the nerve to do it, though. And, as an added bonus, it proved to be a nice distraction from needing to pee super badly, so he let it happen, took in all the feelings. “Wanna go on more rides?” Alex asked.

Adam nodded and followed after his partner. Each step proved itself a new obstacle, his bladder being knocked and bobbed around every time he moved. He was beginning to realize the full extent of his problem; If he was not going to pee in a portable toilet, where exactly WAS he going to pee? As he’d told Alex earlier, he doubted the restaurant would let him in to use their toilet unless he bought something again, and he couldn’t remember if anything else around here would have an available toilet for him. So… Where could he pee? He didn’t think he could hold it the rest of the day, especially not when he had to add on the whole bus ride back to their neighborhood…

Suddenly, a hand gripped onto his and tugged him backwards harshly. The surprise and shock of it all caused his bladder to pound all the more violently in his core.

Alex was pointing up at something. “Oooh,” he said. “A roller coaster. I’ve never seen one in real life before! And there’s no line!”

Instead of waiting for Adam’s answer, Alex led him off towards the ride. “A—Are you sure?” Adam asked. The rollercoaster here was big, and a little rickety since it was taken down and then re-built at different fairs so many times. The first roller coaster Adam could recall going on was a little kids’ one with a single hill… He didn’t know if this was the best choice for Alex’s first roller coaster ride. It may be too scary for him… And even if it wasn’t, it was DEFINITELY too bumpy for Adam’s bladder.

The operator led them onto the ride, and Adam was shaking as he sat down. This was an awful idea. This was a really, really awful idea. He was gonna pee himself on this thing. But, before he could bolt up and run off (where exactly he’d run off TO he didn’t know), the safety bar was over their laps.

Alex looked at him, “Oh… Do roller coasters scare you?” he asked. “I’m sorry, you should have said…” He took Adam’s hand and pulled him in close. “I’ll keep you safe!”

The pulling made Adam wince and he squeezed his thighs together as his knees knocked. Roller coasters did not scare him. Pissing himself in public, however? Definitely did. Alex wouldn’t want to tug him in so close anymore then.

The ride began and Adam pressed his legs inwards tightly while the car began to trail up the first hill. He screwed up his face and squeezed his eyes shut.

“Are you okay?” Alex asked.

Adam knew how nervous he must have looked. “Yeah…”

“I didn’t know these scared you!” Alex reiterated, pulling him close once more, oblivious to how the squeezing was affecting his bladder.

After the first hill, the ride sped up tremendously. In any other circumstance, Adam would have been enjoying it, but every sharp turn and sudden drop was felt with extreme intensity as the liquid inside him sloshed to and fro and desperately searched for a way out.

Alex at least seemed to be enjoying himself, he didn’t look scared or sick, or like he wanted the ride to stop. So, that was good.

Adam’s ankles were knotted together by the time the ride finally ended. Once the safety bar had popped up, Adam did as well. He stumbled away from the ride and bobbed in place as he tried to think of a way to relieve himself here.

“Wow!” Alex said excitedly. “That was really fun! I see why people like that! Sorry it was scary for you, but I had so much fun, and— And, can we go again?”

Adam swayed from foot to foot, “Maybe later?”

“Okay… Okay— Oh, I’ve never been on a ferris wheel before, either!” Alex announced, and Adam winced as Alex yanked him off towards the ride. Alex was running way too fast for Adam’s liking. He couldn’t keep up with Alex’s pace and keep his legs tight enough together at the same time. He felt his first leak as they arrived at the ferris wheel. His hands twisted around near his waist, he wanted to hold himself (As weird as it was, gripping the prosthetic always helped him out when he was bursting.) But, he didn’t want to hold himself in public. There was just a constant, thrumming urgency in his center. He really, really had to go…

They went up the steps to the ferris wheel and took a seat before a worker shut them in. The pressure in Adam’s bladder seemed to amplify when the door was shut and he realized he was stuck. Alex was right across from him and Adam had no idea how he could hide his urge from him now that they were face to face. He jiggled as subtly as he could. It was only when his feet started to throb that he realized how tightly crossed his legs had gotten. They got even tighter when the ride began to move.

As they were lifted into the air, Adam was a squirmy, fidgety mess. His feet were tapping, he was bouncing, he dug his fingers into the tops of his thighs. The way the ride constantly rocked to and fro was doing him no favors. “Nnnnnhhh!” he exclaimed.

“Adam?” Alex asked. “Are you okay?”

Adam flinched. No use denying it now. He gave in and clutched himself. “I… I have to pee. Like, real bad.”

Alex frowned. So, the hot sun hadn’t been enough to stave off Adam’s need after all. “Too much lemonade,” he commented.

“Yeah,” Adam nodded. “Way too much…”

Alex took his hand and gave it a squeeze, “Is it an emergency?”

“It’s real, real bad,” Adam said, squeezing Alex’s hand back as hard as he could because he just HAD to squeeze onto something.

“We’ll be down soon,” Alex said. “We’re at the top now, so it will be just a couple minutes. You can pee then.”

“I’m not using one of the portables,” Adam said.

“‘Cause they’re gross?” Alex asked.

“Mostly because of the chemicals I told you about,” Adam said, straining not to double over as his bladder wailed for relief.

Alex tried not to laugh, “You’re… You’re making this into one of your protests?”

“If I’m not part of the solution, I’m part of the problem.”

“You really think you’re gonna save any trees by not peeing when you’re about to have an accident?”

Adam lowered his voice, “Um… That and… All the toilets are back at the entrance and, um… I don’t think I can make it…” he admitted.

“…Oh,” Alex said, realizing that Adam did seem to be in a REALLY bad state… “Um… We will think of something,” he said. “And the ride is almost done.”

Adam tried to stop thinking about the possibility of the ride getting stuck while he continued to fidget in his seat. He wasn’t sure WHAT Alex would think of to save him, he didn’t think there was anything that could. “Oh, lemme distract you!”

“I don’t think you can anymo—“

Alex placed his lips over Adam’s, an action that surprised Adam so much that a jet of piss shot into his boxers. His thighs squeezed even more as he tried to cut off the flow. After a moment though, the kiss was a great distraction as Adam felt heat rising up his body. He’d… Actually had to TEACH Alex how to kiss when they’d first started dating, but by now it was like he was a professional. The way he could move his tongue was just… There was nothing in the world better than that.

Except, maybe peeing? Yeah. Maybe peeing would feel even better…

Soon they were back on the ground without a puddle forming beneath Adam. Adam was off the ride the instant he was able to get up. “A—After I’ve gone,” he said to Alex. “I want you to do that again, okay?”

Alex smiled. “Aw… I’d love to! Now… Let’s find you somewhere to go.” He glanced around for a few seconds, trying to think of some way for Adam to pee… Poor Adam was doing such a blatant, nonstop pee dance now that passersby were starting to look at him a bit. He didn’t even seem to care, focused only one keeping his clothes dry.

“Oh!” Alex said suddenly. “I’ve never been on a log-flume before!”

Adam stared at him for a second, wondering how he could have possibly forgotten about the emergency they still needed to resolve. “We can do that once I—“

“Come on!”

Before Adam could say anything more, Alex had yanked him off towards yet another ride. “Alex, I can’t— I— Especially NOT a water ride, come on!”

“It will help,” Alex insisted.

Adam whimpered in the back of his throat, fighting to understand why the Hell Alex would try and bring him onto a freaking log flume when he was about to piss himself. “Alex, stop this. I can’t. I’ll have an accident.”

“Yeah,” Alex said. “But, it’s gonna be like the hose, and the sink. You can go and nobody will be able to tell it’s not just water.”

Adam stopped his protestations, decided that maybe that WAS a good plan after all… He just had to make it there… Which wasn’t easy when each step felt like a knife through his bladder, like a pin being poked into an overfilled water balloon. Despite the agony, however, he tried to move a little faster.

When they reached it and had settled into one of the logs, it took every ounce of Adam’s strength not to let it flow right there before they’d even hit the water. He could hear the trickling water of the ride already, the sprinkler effects and cascading waterfalls… He realized he’d started to spurt already, and no matter how hard he tried it wouldn’t stop. ‘Oh, hurry…’ he silently begged the ride operator in his mind. He twisted in his seat as he tried to blot out the water that was now all around him.

The ride finally started, and the log began to be propelled up a large hill. Once it made it over the top of it and plunged down into the pools below, Adam would be able to go. Just a few more seconds. Just a few more seconds. “Ohhh…. I have to peeeeee…” He whimpered out as he doubled over.

“We’re almost in the water,” Alex said, reaching a hand out to stroke Adam’s back in front of him.

“They’re gonna have to drain the ride after this,” Adam said.

“They won’t have to clean it out,” Alex said. “Don’t feel bad, it’s just a little—“

“They’re gonna have to drain it, because I’m about to overflow it,” Adam corrected.

At last, the log went over the top of the hill and began to drop down. The sudden downward plunge was too much for Adam’s bladder, and he was peeing before they’d hit the water. A few seconds later, though, it didn’t matter, the water went all the way up over their laps as the log continued on its track. Now that it was finally safe to let flow, Adam stopped fighting it and just allowed it to happen. He tried not to moan or sigh, knowing how obvious that would be, but just the look on his face was enough to make it clear how relieved he felt.

The water the ride had submerged them in was cold, but it rapidly grew warmer and warmer as more and more pee flooded from Adam’s overburdened bladder. The pain flooded out along with it. This was better. This was just… So, so much better. He allowed his head to tip back as he continued letting it all loose.

Alex laughed, “All better now?”

“Yeah…” Adam panted.

Alex smiled. Then realized that peeing on a log flume was ALSO something he’d never experienced before. He took a few seconds to relax himself enough, but soon he was helping the water ‘warm up’ a little as well. “Ahhh,” he sighed.

Adam chuckled, “Heh, you going too?”

“May as well…” Alex said. “Still pretty sore after earlier.” As they rounded a bend about half a minute later, Alex let Adam know he’d finished.

Adam was a little alarmed then, he’d started peeing before Alex had, but he still didn’t feel close to done… He realized the ride would be coming to an end soon and he had to make sure his pee was finished before then. Nobody would be able to tell that it wasn’t just water soaking him through, unless of course there was still a trail of liquid gushing down his leg. THAT would be obvious. And, he definitely couldn’t cut off his stream now. His bladder was gonna keep draining until it at last had nothing left to give. He pushed down as hard as he could, trying to make sure his bladder would be empty by the time he had to get up.

Once the log had made its way to the exit point, Adam still wasn’t empty. Even with as hard as he’d been pushing, there was still more that had to come out. Alex got up, but Adam stayed seated. “Alex… Ohhh, you know how my knee gets?” he asked, loud enough for the ride operator to hear.

Alex gave him a puzzled expression.

“How it’s hard for me to stand up right away?”

“Ohhhhh,” Alex’s expression melted into one of understanding. “Do your…” he thought for a moment. “Do your exercise to get it working right again…”

Adam bounced his knee up and down a few times as he gave a final push and, at long last, felt his stream cease. “That’s better!” he said, and not just to convince the operator he’d only remained seated because of his knee. He got up and followed Alex through the exit as the operator hit the button to send the log forward to the starting point.

Once they were out of the operator’s earshot, Adam gave a long overdue moan of relief, “Ahhhhh… Thank you,” he said. “Never would have thought of that.”

*004*2022-02-06 23:29

{{1 hour ago, gottliebeln said:

Man, I love your stories. love to see more stories with trans men in them, love seeing myself in things like this

}}

Glad you’re enjoying this! There will be plenty more stories featuring these guys.
