Desperate Tifa and Aerith

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2023-07-04 13:11

Tifa vs Aerith

Tifa and Aerith were fighting a terrifying monster, who created ruckus in the nearby village. As they approached the beast, Tifa realized that she had made a grave mistake. She had drunk too much water before the battle, and now her bladder was making its presence known. Aerith was engaged in her rigorous training, chugging glass after glass of water to beat the heat. She was also in a similar predicament, and grimaced while looking at Tifa.

"Can we take a quick bathroom break before we fight this thing?" Tifa asked, fidgeting uncomfortably.

"Are you kidding me, Tifa? We don't have time for that. The monster won't wait for us," Aerith said, crossing her legs. Tifa groaned, knowing that Aerith was right. They couldn't afford to waste time. Each second of delay meant more innocents losing their lives. She tried to focus on the task at hand and quickly came up with a strategy. They quickly landed powerful punches to the grotesque monster, but it hit them back. The girls tired their best to defend themselves especially their throbbing midsections. But as the battle grew more intense, things were slipping out of their hands and pee out of their bodies. Spurts of piss erupted as they ran, jumped, and kicked. Despite their years of practice and experience, they were unable to contain their bladders. It was a shame!

"Oh god, Aerith, I don't think I can hold it anymore," Tifa groaned as the monster thrashed her against the wall.

"Don't you dare pee a drop. We are in the middle of a fight! Tifa. I'm warning you," Aerith said, gritting her teeth.

"I'm not going to pee. Its – I’m just hurt, Aerith. But if you keep distracting me, I might accidentally let it out," Tifa retorted.

Their bickering was only making things worse. The monster seemed to sense their vulnerability and attacked them with renewed vigour. Tifa and Aerith were forced to dodge and weave, their bladders straining with every movement. The sadist monster noticed that wherever the duo jumped to, a trail of piss was left behind on the ground. It grinned cunningly and cast a spell called Omora and laughed at them in a demonic voice, “This spell of mine will teach you a good lesson as your bladders succumb to the immense pressure”. True to his words, within a few seconds, the girls cried in despair as their muscles gave out. They both grabbed their crotch in a last attempt to save their dignity, but alas, the flood was simply unstoppable. Piss gurgled out of their clasped palms and splattered everywhere. They were holding so much piss that their boots got filled up completely and even formed a huge puddle around.

"Aerith, you did this to me! You distracted me!" Tifa accused, pointing a finger at her friend.

"I did not! You were the one who had to drink a gallon of water before we left. YOU ARE WEAK" Aerith countered, screaming at the top of her lungs making it known to all the villagers.

The battle was lost. The monster had defeated them, not with brute strength, but with a spell that exploited their bodily functions. Tifa and Aerith lay on the ground, defeated, and embarrassed. The monster stopped attacking the village and left them humiliated.

"I can't believe I lost to a monster like this." Tifa said, tears of disgrace in her eyes.

"I know. We were so close to winning, but your bladder let us down. Seeing you piss yourself; I too couldn’t hold it back.” Aerith said, trying to console her friend.

As they made their way back to the village, Tifa and Aerith couldn't look the villagers in the eye even when they were rooting for them, for having the courage to pick up the fight with the monster.

"Well, at least we know now that we need to go to the bathroom before a battle," Aerith again said, chuckling. "It’s a lesson learned, Tifa and I strongly believe you need to be stronger!”

“Excuse me! What do you mean stronger?” You too pissed yourself out there Aerith, in spite of training so hard!” Tifa was furious. She had enough of the accusations. “I will prove to you that I am not who is weak. I will reach a point where I will hold it out and you will piss yourself embarrassingly”

The embarrassing defeat shook the foundation of their friendship. Tifa and Aerith were determined to come back stronger and more prepared for their next battle. But more importantly, it had become personal for Tifa, and she was willing to go to any lengths to defeat Aerith.

Fast Forward a few months - - -

Tifa shifted her weight from one foot to the other, trying to alleviate the pressure on her bladder. She tried to distract herself by counting the money in the cash register, but it wasn't working. Her milky white thighs rubbed against each other. Heels clicked on the floor. As much as Tifa tried to deny it – she couldn’t. She needed to relieve herself – badly. It wasn’t devastatingly urgent yet, but she had to clench herself constantly to push the pressure back. It has become almost a daily routine for her to hold her pee while serving the customers but today she had a bladder-buster challenge with a few of her customers. Needless to say, she won it hands down. Her bladder though was unhappy with the extra beer.

Aerith was there since afternoon, relaxing. From the corner of her eyes, she kept an eye on Tifa’s growing discomfort. Being an expert in reading body language, she immediately realized the reason behind her subtle squirming. It reminded of her own bladder pangs, but she chose to ignore it.

"Hey, Tifa, what's wrong?" Aerith approached Tifa, with a smirk on her face.

"Nothing, I'm fine," Tifa replied with a forced smile.

Aerith raised an eyebrow, noticing Tifa's crossed legs. "You're not fine, Tifa. You need the little girl’s room, don’t you? Too much beer, I suppose?" She teased.

Tifa glared at her, "Nothing I can’t manage. I just put off my bathroom breaks, all day."

Aerith chuckled and walked over to the door of the bathroom, "Well, I guess it's a good thing I got here just in time to lock the bathroom door." Tifa's eyes widened with horror. She never imagined Aerith to be a sadist.

"Aerith, don’t you dare!" Tifa protested, but it was too late. The bathroom door clicked shut, and Tifa was left standing there with disbelief. “Why would you do that?”

"Tifa – you call yourself so strong. Always try to impress Cloud. But I guess - you should be able to hold your pee also, then." Aerith giggled. "Look at me, even I haven't peed since morning. But I am fine. It’s just been what – 15 hours" Tifa wouldn't back down from a challenge. She looked at the small bulge in her bladder and tried to recall whatever she chugged throughout the day. It was not much by her standards – 5 pints of beer, two litres of water and a few juices to battle the heat of the day. She shrugged to herself before hitting back Aerith with determination.

"You haven't gone to the bathroom since morning too? Challenge accepted!" Tifa declared, with a competitive gleam in her eye. “I will show her what’s it means to be strong!”

Aerith grinned mischievously, "Oh, it's on."

“So, let’s set up some ground rules – we drink the same amount of liquid – And we will come up with challenge to break each other’s bladder in turns. Deal?” Tifa stated bluntly. Aerith nodded as if she had already won.

“Good! Now since you’re so enthusiastic – let me invite you to drink my creation called “the Bahr” – It literally means ‘The Sea’ in Arabic and it is one of the strongest diuretics on the planet.”

Aerith gulped in anticipation. “Tifa’s probably trying to screw with my mind. What could the drink possibly do which my bladder cannot handle!”

But the game had just began. Tifa filled two giant sized jugs with beer and added vials of a shimmery liquid in each. “This should do the trick” Tifa nonchalantly mentioned to Aerith.

“What can a jug of beer possibly do to my bottomless bladder!” Aerith laughed.

“We will see” Tifa shrugged and put the jug to her lips, chugging down the beer.

After a couple of minutes, they both slammed the jugs on the table. It was enough time for the Bahr to kick in. The girls immediately crossed their legs tightly.

“What the hell is this!” Aerith exclaimed as she felt the pressure inside reach new heights. Her fists were clenched tight as her kidneys ferociously pumped pee into her bladder, more than what she anticipated. Tifa was no better, but she was used to drinking Bahr on days when she felt adventurous. And today was one such day when Aerith pulled the wrong string.

It took quite some time for Aerith to get accustomed to the increased pressure. Her playful demeanour was replaced by a worried one. She brought her legs together, squeezing them tight. She clenched her jaws to fight back the sudden increase in pressure. Tifa couldn't help but chuckle as she watched Aerith's face contort in discomfort. The Bahr was starting to take effect, and it was clear that Aerith was struggling to hold back the sudden wave of desperation hitting the walls of her bladder. Tifa had a mischievous gleam in her eyes as she teased her friend, "Looks like someone's in trouble! Can't handle the Bahr?"

Aerith shot Tifa a withering look, but the strain on her face betrayed the truth. "You didn't tell me it was going to be this intense," she gasped, trying to hold back the flow of pee that was threatening to escape.

Tifa shrugged nonchalantly. "What can I say? You wanted to play the game, and I wanted to spice things up a bit. And it looks like I succeeded!"

Aerith shot Tifa a death glare. "Oh shut up, Tifa. I'm doing just fine," she lied through gritted teeth. In reality, she was exasperated that just a little vial of Bahr wreaked havoc with her iron bladder. She shifted her weight from one foot to the other, trying to find a more comfortable position.

Tifa chuckled. "Sure, you are, Aerith. You're practically bouncing up and down like a little kid who needs to pee."

"I do not!" Aerith protested, her face turning red with embarrassment.

Tifa grinned. "Don't worry, Aerith. I won't judge you for having a weak bladder. Some people just aren't cut out for holding it like me."

Aerith scowled. "I am not weak, Tifa. I can hold my pee just as well as you can. In fact, I want to make it more difficult. How about doing the dishes? “

Tifa raised an eyebrow, "Doing the dishes? How does that make it more difficult?"

Aerith stood up and walked towards the sink, trying to look calm. "Simple. We'll do the dishes together. That way, we have to lean over and twist our bodies to reach everything, putting more pressure on our bladders. And to make it more interesting, we have to keep our legs apart all the time!"

Tifa chuckled. "Alright, you're on. Let's see who can come out dry."

As soon as they dipped their hands in water, their bladders spasmed, as if they were shouting at the girls for being so dumb. Tifa, shivered with the rising pressure inside her. Every time she leaned over the sink, she could feel her bladder pushing for release. But she didn't want to let Aerith see her weakness. She tried to act calm and collected, but her face betrayed her true feelings. The splashes of cold water in her midriff and her naked thighs only added to her woes.

Aerith was struggling too, but she was hell bent to keep herself corked up. She gritted her teeth and tried to ignore the growing pain in her lower abdomen. She constantly shifted her weight from one foot to the other, trying to relieve the pressure. The effect of Bahr was still strong on her. She hated the fact that every time she had to reach out to the faucet, she had to bend over squeezing her bladder against the platform.

Tifa couldn't help but tease Aerith a little, hoping to get on her nerves. "You know, if you need to pee, you can just give up. I won't tell anyone."

Aerith shot her a dirty look. "I'm not giving up, Tifa. I can hold it just as long as you can." She was annoyed that the game which she started seemed to slip away from her hands.

Tifa grinned. "We'll see about that."

They continued doing the dishes, each one trying to outdo the other without losing their balance or breaking any dishes. The pressure inside their bladders was becoming more pronounced, but neither one wanted to give up. They were determined to prove their strength. Around two long hours of struggle, they finished up, Tifa could barely stand upright. Aerith was in a similar state, her face twisted in pain.

They both looked at each other, waiting to see who would give in first. But to their surprise, neither one did. They had both managed to hold their pee despite the strong pressure.

Tifa grinned. "Looks like we have a tie, Aerith. I guess we'll have to do something else to break the deadlock." Aerith feared what was coming next, but it was the part of the deal. The holding competition would continue till one of them loses. “What do you suggest Tifa?”

"Let's take it one notch higher. I am sure you can't beat this one. We'll play carrom. Every time we miss a shot we drink a glass of water." Tifa announced with a strain in her voice.

Aerith's eyes widened. "Are you serious, Tifa?"

"Am I flinching? " Tifa said sternly. "And I hope you will not back off, cause I am in the mood to push myself to my absolute limits.”

Aerith was panicking inside, her heart racing. After 18 hours of holding and so many tortures already imposed on her bladder her determination seemed to waver. It was indeed a challenge which could burst her floodgates open. She gulped in nervousness. It was true that she loved a good challenge, but she also knew her limits. Could she really handle drinking that much water and holding her pee for even longer? But then her competitive spirit kicked in, and she nodded firmly. "Alright, Tifa. Let's do this. I'm ready for your challenge."

Tifa grinned mischievously as Aerith nodded in agreement. She could tell that her friend was nervous, and that made her even more determined to win this round. The game started off slow, both of them taking their time with each shot, trying to outdo each other without making any mistakes. However, with a bladder sloshing around with so much piss inside, it was difficult to concentrate. As the game tension started to build. Shot after shot, they missed the hole. One glass turned to two , two to four and so on. Their stomach bulged with so much water inside. The weight of the water was pushing their bladder down and the kidneys worked in turbo mode to pump it into their severely strained bladders. The small of their back was hurting with the intensity.

Aerith saw Tifa taking too long to strike. She was feeling a sense of satisfaction as she watched her friend squirm. "Having trouble, Tifa?" she teased, as she lined up her next shot. "Maybe you should have thought twice before about this challenge."

Tifa clenched her jaws in frustration, trying her best to stay focused on the game. She knew that Aerith was just trying to get into her head, but it was working. Her bladder was screaming for relief, and she could feel the pee inching closer to her hole. As they played on, the stakes kept getting higher. They had already downed 14 glasses of water each, and their bladders were now at their absolute limits. But neither of them wanted to give up. They were both determined to win, no matter the cost.

Aerith let out a small whimper as she missed another shot, and Tifa grinned triumphantly. "Looks like you're going to have to drink another glass, Aerith," she said, trying to hide her own discomfort. Aerith glared at her friend, but there was a hint of admiration in her eyes. "You're really good at this, Tifa," she said, as she reached for another glass of water. "But I promise I will not make it easy for you."

And so, the game continued, each shot becoming more and more difficult as they struggled to hold onto their dignity and their full bladders. They were both sweating now, the room feeling like a sauna as they battled it out on the carrom board. Each gulp of water was like a boxer’s blow to their bladders.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, Tifa missed a shot. It was just a small mistake, but it was enough to give Aerith the opening she needed. She quickly sank her last few pieces, grinning triumphantly as Tifa let out a groan of defeat.

"Looks like I win this round," Aerith said, trying to hide the relief in her voice.

Tifa just smiled wearily. "Good job, Aerith," she said. "But too bad for you, my bladder has not given up yet. It’s your turn now to suggest the next challenge.” As they packed up the carrom board, they felt proud of their self-control. They were pushing themselves to the absolute limits, and each fiercely wanted to come out on top.

Aerith knew that she still had a chance to win if she could throw a really tough un-maginable challenge in Tifa’s way.

Aerith chuckled, "You really are something, Tifa. I never thought you would be able to hang for this long. Though it’s still very easy for me"

Tifa mocked Aerith, feeling a sense of pride. "It's all about determination and self-control, Aerith. And I think you need to learn that better".

Aerith hit back "Oh really? You're just lucky this time, Tifa. And if you want to prove me wrong, you better beat me at this." Tifa knew that she was treading dangerous waters now, given that her own bladder was at the verge of exploding. But she went on trying to act brave. “Go ahead, spit it out!”

Aerith grinned mischievously as she laid down the challenge to Tifa. "I bet you to hold your pee overnight," she said, her eyes gleaming with excitement. "Let's apply tapes on our underwear so that we can't cheat and see who gives up first in the morning!"

Tifa hesitated for a moment, knowing full well the torture her bladder had endured throughout the day. But she couldn't back down now. "You're on," she said, trying to sound confident. Both the girls applied the tape on their underwear, making sure there was no way they could cheat. The feeling of pressure on their bladders was already overwhelming, and they were absolutely frantic for a pee. They said their goodbyes, each heading home to face the ultimate test of bladder endurance.

Tifa walked home with a sense of dread. With every step she felt her bladder slosh with piss. A strong ache plagued her bladder and lower back. It was like a ticking time bomb, and she knew it could explode at any moment. Once at home, all the pretence of maintaining composure was out of the window. She thought of quickly unbuttoning her tight miniskirt, the waistband of which cut into her bladder. But then her eyes fell on the tape. There was no way she could cheat.

She kept murmuring to herself under the breath to encourage herself. Anything that could take her mind off the maddening pressure was tried by her. Be it music or TV or sketching. But nothing worked. It was simply impossible to focus on anything with a blob of piss trying to make its way out of her body. and watching TV, but every minute felt like an eternity. She couldn't focus on anything other than the intense need to pee. But as the night wore on, the pressure on Tifa's bladder became unbearable. She shifted uncomfortably on her couch, trying to find a position that would alleviate some of the pressure, but it was futile. Tifa had been holding for over 22 hours now, and her bladder felt like it was going to burst. "Why did I agree to this fucked up challenge?" she muttered to herself, nearly pulling her hair off. But then she remembered the battle of Omora and started with a new vigour.

Meanwhile, at her own apartment, Aerith was battling with the very same thing. Every time she got up to walk around or do something, her bladder screamed for a release. Her eyes fell on the door of the bathroom. The mere thought of being so close to the toilet sent her into a frenzy. A sudden wave of piss hit her hard, and she collapsed on the floor. Her hand flew to her crotch, clawing her nails into her underwear. Her face was red as tomato with the strain of holding back the flood. increased. She was determined not to lose this challenge, but her bladder was pushing her to the limit.

"Come on, Aerith, you can do this," she whispered to herself, trying to psych herself up.

But as the hours ticked by, the pressure became more and more intense. Aerith couldn't concentrate on anything else, and she was starting to lose her mind. She couldn’t fathom how can the pressure keep on rising. At some point in time, it was supposed to plateau but no! It kept growing by the minute.

The clock struck 7am, 28 hours separating them from their last piss.

Tifa's alarm rang. It was time for her to check in on the challenge. She video-called Aerith on phone. Her heart sank when Aerith showed her underwear still dry and the tape intact. Tifa did the same. The competition was a tie yet again as they both were holding on strong.

Following the call, they decided to gather at the bar again. The tension between them was palpable as they both tried to hide their discomfort. They were both exhausted, having spent the entire night battling against their bladders. They could put even the mightiest bladder on the planet to shame. The football sized bulge on their bladder was a testimony to 30 torturous hours of holding. Their kidneys worked in overtime and pushed in nearly 5 liters of piss in their bladders.

"I hope you're ready to lose," Aerith said, trying to sound confident. The shaky voice gave her away though.

Tifa tried to smirk in response. "Don't count me out yet," she said, hoping her voice didn't betray her desperation.

As they took their seats at the bar, they looked at the obscene bulge on each other’s bladder. They tried to act as if they felt nothing. Reality was far from it. Their eyes were afloat with hot boiling piss, which was begging for relief for the last 31 hours now. Every passing minute, their agony increased by leaps and bounds. To their utter dismay, both of them were still dry. Except the wetness of sweat, underwear of both the girls were free from any piss stains. The competition was tied again. Neither of them wanted to give up, and neither of them wanted to be the first to break. They both shifted in their seats, trying to find a way to relieve some of the pressure without giving in. Just then Tifa groaned as a particularly strong wave hit her bladder walls.

"Tifa – it seems you are b-bursting! I won’t judge you if you need to go," Aerith tried to mock Tifa but it sounded more like a plead so that she herself could go once Tifa accepts defeat. But the game was far from over. Tifa shook her head in disagreement even though she was sweating profusely. Instead of giving up she came up with yet another challenge which would prove to be the ultimate one. Her heart was racing as she spoke, “I will not pee – I can h-hold it still. In fact, I can defeat you in Twister even in such a condition”.

Aerith raised her eyebrow in surprise, "Twister? Are you serious, Tifa? You can barely sit still, let alone play Twister!" she said, trying to mask her own discomfort.

Tifa just shrugged, "I'm pretty confident my bladder can still take anything, unlike yours. “she said, hoping the game would take her mind off her painfully full bladder. Aerith hesitated for a moment, but then nodded. "Alright, let's do it. But be warned, I'm not holding back," she said, determination in her voice.

As they began the game, it became clear that both of them were struggling to not only maintain their balance but also their dryness. Every few seconds, they would check the wetness of their underwear. Deep down, they knew that their bladders could burst any moment. Their movements were slow and cautious, each one trying to outdo the other without losing their footing.

"Right foot, green!" Tifa announced, trying to focus on the game and not the discomfort between her legs. Aerith contorted her body, trying to reach the green circle without falling. "Left hand, yellow!" she countered, gritting her teeth as her bladder protested the sudden movement. Tifa winced as she stretched to reach the yellow circle, her bladder now screaming for release. "I'm not sure I can do this much longer," Tifa muttered under her breath.

Aerith grinned, "I hope you're ready to lose," she said, trying to sound confident. Tifa just smirked in response. "Don't count me out yet," she said, hoping her voice didn't betray her desperation. As the game continued, both of them were getting more and more desperate. Every move was a struggle, every twist and turn a new test of endurance. But neither of them would give up, not when victory was so close. Rivulets of sweat flowed from their bodies drenching the mat below. It was not long before the mat turned so slippery that they started to lose balance.

An hour passed since the game started. The way their bodies were entangled, it was simply impossible to exercise any control on their nether muscles. The only thing that stood between them and their relief was sheer will power and yes, breath control. Their faces had turned blue with the effort of holding their breath. Somehow it seemed the only way to keep the floodgates from opening. Anyone who placed their hand on the bulge of the bladder could have felt the heat of the piss inside. They were catastrophically desperate now.

Suddenly, Aerith lost her balance. For a moment she was airborne and the next moment, she fell flat on her rock-hard bladder. THAT-WAS-IT. She curled on the sweaty mat shoving her hands in the crotch, holding on for her dear life. The force of the piss pounded her overworked muscles like a rolling boulder. She cried in pain trying to keep the lake of pee inside, but it was impossible. Her muscles were on fire it seemed.

An inch thick stream of piss erupted from her pussy. The torrent was so strong that Tifa was about to fall down. The gusher spread afar, soaking the wooden floor below. A strong smell of piss filled the room as her steaming piss spread around in whatever gap and crevices came its way. Aerith’s face was scrunched up and fingers digging deep into her skin trying to somehow bring it to halt but in vain. She gasped, grabbed, and writhed herself to prevent any more damage but her body just didn’t comply with her. It was worse than the Omora spell. Pee worth gallons stored inside for over 33 hours finally escaped her iron control.

Tifa looked at Aerith sympathetically but couldn't help feeling a sense of victory. She had won the ultimate bladder endurance challenge ever and was still containing her waters without a drop of leakage.

"Thanks, Aerith – now you know who is strong enough!" Tifa said, still trying to hide her own discomfort. "But you were a good competitor and I respect that.” Aerith nodded embarrassed.

“Let's get you cleaned up first, and then we can celebrate my victory with a few MORE glasses of water."

"You aren't going to pee yet?" Aerith asked dumbfounded.

"Nope! I love the feeling of being in control. I will continue to keep myself corked up! Tifa said proudly. Aerith just shook her head in disbelief, "I don't know how you do it, Tifa. I'm just glad this torture is over," she said, making her way to the restroom to clean up. As Tifa watched her friend go, Tifa’s legs wobbled. Her pussy was on fire and her insides felt as if it was chained to an ever-expanding ball of water. She couldn't help but feel a sense of pride after proving that she had what it took to hold her pee for as long as she wanted. Tifa won finally and the feeling was just so addictive!

- - - The End - - -

*002*2023-07-09 04:00

{{On 7/7/2023 at 9:47 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

Two questions:

1.) Is Tifa wearing her main outfit through the whole story?

2.) Does Tifa eventually wet herself when she can't hold it anymore? (I guess she already did in the prologue either way)

}}

1. Yes, Tifa is wearing her tight white top and that tiny skirt with thongs underneath.

2. In my imagination, once Aerith leaves from the bar, Tifa loses it. But what do you like to imagine?

