Carly and Ashley’s busy day

Author: sammilove

*000*2020-03-17 05:49

“Oh my god...oh my god...this is bad..” panted Carly. “I’m so exhausted. This run is killing me, Ash.”

“Don’t be baby! It’s only been a half mile! We still have one to go and only 10 minutes!” exclaimed Ashley.

Carly and Ash, or Ashley, have been quite busy training for their first 5k. It was still a few months away but a New Years resolution waits for no one. It was their first few days of training which involved mostly cardio workouts. They were still working on getting themselves thoroughly hydrated and muscles used to the stress.

- 1.5 Mile run at 6am before work

- 2.5 Mile fast walk at the gym after work

Ashley was in much better shape than Carly due to her athletic background. She was a soccer star with a very promising college career until a torn ACL ruined it.

“Slow down Ash! I’m dying!” Stated Carly.

“Ugh, fine. I guess we slow down for a little bit but we’re not gonna make time.” Said Ashley.

The two finished off their morning workout and headed to Starbucks for coffee, and then home to freshen up for work. They both worked for a local insurance company. 9-4:30 making phone calls and speaking with clients. Not usually too fast paced of a job, at least for Carly.

Ash was still struggling to learn her new role after 3 months. She was very worried she wouldn’t make her rates as the end of the month crept up. She regularly would skip her breaks and sometimes her lunch just to try and make her rate.

Tuesday wasn’t usually a busy day but as the end of the month crept up, Ashley and Carly were both behind on rates. Lunch came and went and they still were behind.

“Psst. Carly. Hey Carly.” Whispered Ashley.

“What?” Responded Carly, clearly annoyed.

“Can you cover me a minute? I really gotta pee.”

“Too bad. I do too. But we gotta catch up. You’re just gonna have to hold it like me.”

Ashley sighed and returned to her work. The clock was dragging by. 1:30pm. Break was only half an hour away. ‘Do I go pee on break or do I hope to make my rate then go?’ Her thoughts were dominated by her bladder and it was only getting worse.

She tried to think back to when she peed last. 4:30am before the run. And she had drank 2 bottles of water and a small coffee since then. No wonder she was dying. She was crossing her ankles and squirming at her desk trying to keep her mind off it. She glanced over at Carly. Sweat was rolling down her forehead.

“Carly, what’s wrong?”

“I’m literally about to piss myself. This is so bad. I’m gonna have to go on break, if I can make it that long.”

“Do you want me to cover your desk?”

“Ugh. Breaks only 5 minutes away. I think I can wait.” Stared Carly.

Carly was dying. She had been holding just as long as Ash, with a large coffee instead of a small. And 3 waters, not 2. Carly was used to holding large amounts of liquids like this but this time was different. She was genuinely concerned about having an accident. She absolutely did not want that. But the minutes felt like hours. She had just a minute left when the first spurt of pee escaped into her pink panties. Her entire body tensed and she let out a yelp of shock, or panic.

“I can’t wait! This is bad!” Exclaimed Carly as she took off her headset and ran for the bathroom. The door always seemed to stick, especially when it’s urgent. She struggled trying to open the door and not pee her pants. She finally got it but not without another big spurt. She let out another yelp but managed to run in to pee.

During Carly’s near-accident, Ashley has picked up a call that seemed like it was gonna get her her numbers for the month. She was trying her best to focus on the caller but her bladder was begging for relief. She had one glued to her crotch, trying to hold back the impending flood. Ash was wearing a black pencil skirt and white panties.

2pm came and went and Ashley was still I’m the phone. The call was almost finished when she noticed Carly return to her desk. She was very flustered, but looked very much relieved. The call kept diverging off topic b she finally nailed it after. Ash threw her headset off and darted for the restroom.

“Oh no!!!” Exclaimed Ashley.

“This can’t be happening!!” Ashely was mere seconds away from relief but her body said it wasn’t soon enough. A huge stream jetted out. It went thru her panties and dripped onto the floor. She was glued in place, knees knocking, hands glued in her crotch, and a tear running down her cheek. She was desperate.

Carly had turned and was watching Ash. She couldn’t leave her desk to help her best friend. She felt helpless but she also didn’t even know what she could do.

Ashley finally regained control of her weak bladder. She hobbled into the bathroom. She was distraught. She saw a toilet and just went for it. She yanked her skirt up as fast as she could and just sat down. Not even a half-second and she was unleashing the flood.

“Fuuuuckkkkkkk....” moaned Ashley. She had never felt such relief in her whole life, or ever been that desperate. She had felt sensations she hadn’t felt since she played soccer. The adrenaline rush was phenomenal. Ashely composed herself after a few minutes and returned to her desk.

“Feel better, Ash?”

“You have no idea...” sighed Ash.

“Now do you see why I think it’s fun?” stayed Carly.

“Yeah....yeah I do. It’s such a thrill but such a discomfort.. Maybe if I wasn’t at work I could’ve enjoyed it even more.” Chuckled Ash.

“Well, you know we do have some free time after the gym tonight. We could compete for top dog, err, top bladder??”

“I’m game. But I get to chose the outfit.” Said ash.

TO BE CONTINUED

*004*2020-03-18 01:14

{{55 minutes ago, Lapis Lazuli said:

This is a really good story, but... how long ago did we change from light to dark theme? Is it just me? I can't find a way to switch back to light, because you can tell this was written with light theme. I dunno. I know that's not fun to hear, but it's still a really good story!

}}

That my bad. I wrote it in my note app and copy and pasted it over and I can’t seem to change it back.

