Pushing Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*000*2025-05-12 01:34

These are some Omorashi fics I wrote using an old DBZ fan character of mine from a fanfiction I wrote when I was much younger. I’ve been having a difficult time this year, which has made it hard for me to write the Omorashi stories that I usually do, so I’ve been doing these fics about her just so I don’t end up getting too rusty for whenever I can jump back into things for real. I’ve been posting these in a discord group for a while, but decided to bring them here too so that I don’t just go silent for the next few months.

My main DBZ Omo fic is not required reading for this one, but many of the same headcanons will be present here. (And, if you want to fit these into the timeline of that fic, these would be taking place prior to chapter 51 of Limits.)

The original fanfiction that this OC is from was never posted online anywhere, and probably won’t ever be. I’m a little embarrassed of its quality in its current form (I was eleven-to-thirteen when I wrote it, so it’s rough even though there are a lot of things I do still like about it). At the moment I don’t have the time to revamp it to be more presentable. A few scenes that pop up here are going to be re-writes from back then though, mainly the flashbacks.

But, that being said, I can still give you Corset’s backstory here and a brief summary of that fanfiction just so you have all the relevant context. (Of course, if you’re just here for the Omorashi content, you can skip over this and head straight to the chapter.)

Info:

The original fanfiction starts with Vegeta almost dying, and from a respiratory infection rather than a fight. He’s ashamed of himself and forced to confront his own mortality for the first time, along with the possibility that he could die before he even has the chance to try killing Frieza.

Vegeta needs Frieza to die by the hands of a Saiyan in the royal family, so he feels that he has to keep the bloodline going somehow, just in case. He decides to find a planet with a compatible species to mate with, then return to take the child at some point so that he can train them.

He visits earth and meets Bulma. Bulma’s broken up with Yamcha and really angry at him, so she agrees to have a one-night-stand with Vegeta. Vegeta is already gone the next morning when she wakes up.

Bulma has a baby named Bikini and doesn’t tell anyone who the father is. A lot of people end up assuming that it’s Goku because she’s got black hair and a tail, though. Bulma insists it’s not him. Bikini takes a lot from the Saiyan side of her family and is very energetic/aggressive, which leads to behavioral problems. She just doesn’t have an outlet since she’s got no opportunities to fight.

Beginning of the Saiyan saga is about the same. Raditz kidnaps both Gohan and Bikini (he too thinks that Bikini is Goku’s kid.) Then Piccolo trains both of them in the woods, which is where things start to diverge a bit since here Gohan has a companion while he’s trying to survive rather than being completely alone. They become very clingy with each other, to the point that they later have major separation anxiety any time something keeps them apart for very long.

Vegeta and Nappa show up. Vegeta figures out Bikini must be the kid he left behind because of her tail, and her not looking enough like Gohan for them to be related. He orders Nappa not to kill her since he has plans for her, which makes her confused until Piccolo tells her that he might be her dad.

Vegeta gets enraged at her because she tries to fight him to defend Gohan, and actually injures his leg, but he controls himself enough not to kill her, just knocks her out by pulling on her tail.

Frieza saga, Bulma has now told Bikini that Vegeta really is her dad, so she’s accepted that. She thinks she can turn her father “good” and wants his love.

At some point on Namek, she hears Vegeta saying that he had her for the purpose of ensuring Frieza’s death. This messes her up, because now she’s like “the only reason I exist is to kill this scary guy, so what if I can’t do it? Will dad never be able love me then?” And, it doesn’t help that every time she gets near Vegeta on Namek, he yells at her to go away because he doesn’t have time to “deal with” her.

Vegeta is of course, more focused on getting the dragon balls so he can be immortal and kill Frieza himself. The thing is, he is actually happy that Bikini wants him to train her, it makes him proud that she wants that even though she was raised as a human. But, he’s awful at communicating so he doesn’t say anything like that to her, and assumes that when he yells at her to “piss off now” she can somehow figure out that what he actually means is “I’ll train you later when I have time.” The only message Bikini is getting from him is that she’s not good enough for him and she needs to prove herself somehow.

When Vegeta starts confronting Frieza, and Frieza overpowers him, Bikini thinks this is her moment to kill him and earn Vegeta’s love. She tries to fight Frieza, and Vegeta yells at her again to “piss off!” Again, he thinks she’ll understand what he really means, which is “don’t go near Frieza, it’s not safe, I haven’t prepared you yet”. But, all she gets is “Dad is so disappointed in me that he doesn’t even want my help.”

Frieza, on the other hand, does realize that Vegeta is attempting to be protective in his own way and cares about her on some level. Bikini is nowhere near strong enough to fight Frieza, and he kills her right in front of Vegeta to break his mental state further.

Vegeta cries, but Bikini is dead and so she doesn’t see this happen, and naturally he never tells her that he cried since he’d never admit that to anyone. Frieza tortures Vegeta some more and kills him, the rest of the saga plays out as normal.

They’re brought back to life on earth. Vegeta is ashamed of himself for crying, so is trying to turn off his emotions. His behavior makes Bikini think he felt nothing when she was killed, so she needs to try harder to make him care about her. She still really wants to train with him and get strong so that he’s proud of her.

Vegeta starts staying at Capsule Corp and begins to train her, but this is where things really start to go wrong. He’s very insulting, calling her pathetic and weak, telling her that it would be impossible for her to master certain techniques no matter how hard she tries. And what he thinks he’s doing is motivating her to prove him wrong because he actually does think she’s capable and strong, and spite is one of the things that always motivates HIM.

But, to Bikini, all it is is her dad telling her that she’s useless no matter what she does and how much she improves. Her self-esteem goes down to absolutely nothing. She doubts herself. She doubts all her abilities. When she learns a new attack, she thinks it’s a fluke. When she hits Vegeta during sparring matches, she thinks he must have just let her do it out of pity.

Vegeta won’t praise her for those things because he still thinks “proving him wrong” is what will motivate her. He’s getting confused because she doesn’t gloat at him when she manages a task he kept telling her she was incapable of, but still fails to consider that he’s doing this wrong.

Seeing future Trunks kill Frieza and later finding out who he is makes it worse. Bikini still thinks her only reason for being alive was to kill Frieza, and she failed. But then her younger brother DID do it. So she’s thinking “Oh, I guess dad got a good kid the second time around…” and thinks Trunks is Vegeta’s favorite. (Even after seeing how badly he treats Future-Trunks.)

Bikini’s self esteem is so trashed during the Androids saga that she’s always subconsciously holding back during fights because she’s so convinced that she’s weak that it’s becoming a self fulfilling prophecy. She develops an issue with chi-control where she will randomly start to spark and release energy blasts without meaning to, or fail to conjure them when she actually wants to, which is all heavily tied to her anxiety. Vegeta sees this and still fails to consider he’s messed up at any point, he just yells at her to “be more like Trunks”, which is the last thing she needs to hear at that point.

The only thing that can stop her from sparking is being held by someone who relaxes her. This is usually Gohan, because she finds his presence/chi calming, and he’s able to understand her need for physical affection, unlike Vegeta.

To get ready for Cell, Vegeta trains in the time chamber with Bikini and Trunks. Vegeta’s goal is to turn Bikini into a Super Saiyan during that time. Naturally, he does this the same way he’s done everything else, by telling her that she’s too weak and that transforming would be impossible for her.

Eventually, she does transform. While breaking down, sobbing about how she’s useless and how much she hates herself. And, finally it sinks in for Vegeta that he hadn’t been motivating Bikini and getting her stronger faster, but just hurting her. And any abilities she’d gained had been in spite of his methods, rather than because of them.

This makes him think she’s much stronger and has more potential than he’d ever believed, so he’s very proud of her… But he also thinks that he’s broken her and she’ll do better without him. So, he decides the best thing he can do is… Just stay away from her and not interact with her anymore, so that he doesn’t make it worse.

Which DOES make it worse. Bikini has just become a Super Saiyan— what she thought would be her greatest accomplishment and would make Vegeta proud of her— and now he’s just completely closed her out anyway. So, she believes that no matter what she does, her father will never be impressed with her or love her. She stops bothering and interacting with him. She lets him spend the rest of their time in the chamber with Trunks, his “favorite” and “good child” as far as she can tell.

So, at this point they just desperately need to actually communicate— Each would be the best person for the other to talk to about feelings of inadequacy and of being the “second best”— but they’ve failed to connect properly for so long that they can’t do it.

She’s also away from Gohan for that whole year, which is extremely uncomfortable for her. She can faintly sense his chi from outside, but not being able to actually see him makes her super anxious at all times, which worsens her chi-control problems and causes her to constantly spark at random moments.

She thinks this issue is another reason Vegeta’s disappointed in her, but trying to fix it only makes it worse. The more she concentrates and thinks about not wanting to spark, the more she ends up doing it. Without Gohan there, no one is around to hold her and calm her down. She’s too ashamed to ask Trunks and call attention to the problem, and so convinced Vegeta wants nothing to do with her that she doesn’t want to bother asking him.

During the Cell games, Bikini kills a lot of the Cell Juniors because Gohan keeps shouting at her that she can do it, which turns out to actually motivate her. She looks at Vegeta, hoping one last time for some sort of praise, but it doesn’t come.

Rest of the saga plays out as normal. Bikini does cry at Future-Trunks’s death even though she’s still jealous of him and he’s accidentally a source of her insecurities.

Seven year gap, Bikini and Vegeta’s relationship is in tatters. He asks her to train with him, which she does, but they never speak or acknowledge each other while they’re in there. They never talk anywhere else, either. They just can’t. Vegeta feels like he’s broken her and anything he says or does will make it worse. Bikini feels like a failure and that trying to have a relationship with her dad will just make him like her even less.

Bulma gets fed up with this, knowing that they just need to talk, so she locks them in the gravity room until they finally do it. (The door is built to withstand Saiyan attacks, so they can’t break it.)

They do talk after a few hours of being stuck. Vegeta tries to explain his thought process behind the way he’d been “motivating” her, and that he’s actually always been proud of her since the first time she was brave enough to ask for him to train her. He says seeing her become a Super Saiyan would have been the happiest moment of his life, if the catalyst hadn’t been the low self esteem and self loathing that he’d instilled in her. That he stopped talking to her because he realized he fucked everything up and was too scared to try to fix it.

Bikini’s mad at him, not really understanding why he’d never been able to just say what he meant, and expecting her to read his mind instead. Bikini tells him about how his words have affected her. They both cry, Vegeta hugs her for the first time in her life, holding her for a while.

And they get to start over. So, for the next seven years, Vegeta trains her (and later kid Trunks) properly, without all the verbal abuse. He actually encourages them, so they both get stronger faster. He tells them he’s proud of them. Bikini develops a closer relationship to him than she’d thought possible.

(She defeats a major antagonist fan-character during this time, because I wanted to give her a big win without breaking canon too much.)

Bikini goes to high school with Videl and Gohan. She becomes very close friends with Videl, she’s happy to finally have another girl as a friend, especially a human one, since in the past human girls her age tended to pick on her.

Bikini keeps up with training while Gohan doesn’t, so she’s stronger than him at the start of the Buu saga. She defeats him in a fight, and Vegeta is very proud of her, she finally feels like her dad loves her.

Which makes it hurt so much worse when he lets himself be mind controlled in the Buu Saga. All the old feelings come back, she thinks she’s not good enough for Vegeta again.

When she thinks Gohan got killed by Buu, she realizes that she’s had romantic feelings for him ever since he was the first person to encourage her and see her potential. She knows Vegeta will have a conniption if she likes the son of his rival that way, but she’s furious with Vegeta at that point, so she doesn’t really care.

After the final battle against Buu, everyone goes home. Bikini threatens Vegeta to never betray his family again. Vegeta is actually proud of her for this, because it takes a lot of courage to threaten Vegeta.

Bikini, Videl and Gohan get together by the end. At the time I wrote the original story, I was unaware polyamory was a thing, so I didn’t use that word for it. I referred to it as a “pack” and just kind of wrote it as “This is a thing Saiyans usually do,” and that’s a headcanon I’ve continued to use.

Bikini and Vegeta

“Bikini, come on! I know you can dodge!”

Bikini fought to catch her breath as she sat on the ground. Another training session with her father. She was exhausted and it had only been four hours, there was still a lot of time to go. The muscles in her legs all spasmed with protest as she stood back up, frowning. She balled up her fists, gazing up towards her father. He was a few feet away, giving her a smirk. She wiped some blood away from beneath her nose, before pouncing forward, trying to throw a punch at him. He easily dodged this attack, grabbing her by the arm and slamming her into the ground. She yelped in surprise and cried out at the impact

“Your moves are all too obvious!" Vegeta shouted, letting go of her arm and glaring down at her. "How the Hell do you think you're going to be able to take me down if you are always THIS predictable? Try again!"

Bikini growled and rose up slowly, stumbling a little bit. Vegeta narrowed his eyes, and she could feel her chi burning. She quickly retook her fighting stance and glared right back at him.

“Don’t tell me you’re tired already,” he said, crossing his arms. "You are the Princess of the Saiyans, I’m sure you’ve got more energy to spare, come on! Show me what—“

“I—I’m not tired!" Bikini shouted, clenching her fists. She tried to slow down her breathing. “Y—You’re cheating!"

"Cheating?" Vegeta repeated with a scoff. "Cheating at what?! This is training! I'm not going to go easy on you simply because you are my daughter! Now, stop complaining! I know you can do this!”

Bikini’s chi burned once more. Vegeta sensed her frustration and grinned. Perhaps, he could use this to fuel her power.

"You know what, Bikini?" Vegeta laughed, his grin broadening. “I’ll bet I can still defeat you,” he moved his hands behind his back, “even without using my hands."

Bikini clenched her teeth, breathing heavily and feeling increasingly frustrated. Her chi spiked again before she quickly launched towards him. She shot a small energy blast into the ground, prompting dust to lash up into the air and obscure her father’s vision. Vegeta coughed sharply and pinched his eyes shut, stumbling. His hands shot up to try to rub the sand away. Bikini dashed right behind him and delivered a kick to his back. He stumbled once more, and she fired another beam of energy at him.

Vegeta kicked her in the side hard, causing her to fall backwards. She sputtered for a few seconds, doubling over and clutching at the sore spot. Vegeta frowned and walked towards her, his hands tightly balled up into fists.

"Using the area to your advantage is smart…” he growled. “But, let’s see if you can—“

Bikini interrupted him via shooting yet another burst of chi at him. He immediately jolted to the side, surprised by the sudden blast. He huffed angrily and turned to shout at her, but he couldn’t locate her. He frowned in confusion then glanced around before feeling her kick down on the top of his head. He lost his footing and yelped in pain, holding his head. She flew back at him, punching him in the face before throwing another hit. He latched onto her fist and scowled at her. She froze in place, staring at him. He was silent then laughed, releasing her hand.

“Caught you," he said, brushing the dust off himself. He saw his daughter staring at him and looked away. "You use way too much energy in the beginning of your fights. It's tiring you out before you can even handle any real damage. Hold back more instead of giving it your all right when you start.”

Bikini frowned and slowly landed back onto the ground. “But, I want to—"

"No arguing," he cut her off, frowning at her for a moment.

Bikini instantly went quiet, but continued to look saddened.

Vegeta sighed before looking over their surroundings. "But your strikes were stronger than before. Much stronger. Again, you were putting too much energy into your strikes, but it was effective. We just need to work on how you can last longer instead of tiring out right away.”

Bikini smiled to herself at Vegeta’s praise. She didn’t think anything could ever feel as good as that.

Vegeta noticed. And, in a quiet voice, like he was afraid someone would hear him even though they were the only two people here, he asked; “Am I… Improving as well?”

She knew what he meant. She knew he wasn’t talking about fighting anymore. And, she nodded. ‘I know you can do this,’ he’d said. And she’d believed him, she’d believed that he meant it.

“You are… You are doing well, Bikini,” Vegeta said slowly. It was like he had to sound out each word, he had never been skilled at expressing this feeling; Pride in someone else. He’d always just assumed others could tell when he was impressed with them, regardless of what he actually said or how he acted.

But, Bikini needed to hear it. He knew that now. Withholding his praise no matter how much she had surprised him, shouting her down because he thought ‘proving him wrong’ would be the best motivator for her… All he’d really done was hurt her. Any progress she’d made in her abilities had been in spite of him, not because of him, and he’d been damaging something that he… Honestly really loved.

Bikini fought better when she was confident and happy. Proper encouragement from her father would help her feel that way. “I am proud of you. You have improved so much, and so quickly, since… Since our talk…”

Bulma had gotten Vegeta and his daughter to speak to each other, having grown tired of their rocky relationship. She’d known it would be resolved if the two had just explained to one another how they really felt, but they were both so stubborn that they’d needed to be forced. She’d trapped them in the gravity room, and refused to release them until they had at least tried to work things out.

They’d sat in silence for a couple hours, but finally Vegeta was the one to speak up. He’d explained to Bikini his thought process, why he had always called her weak, why he had pretended to doubt her abilities. It was the word ‘pretended’ that had gotten Bikini angry.

“What do you mean ‘pretended’?!” Bikini had shouted. “You mean all those times you said I wasn’t good enough, that I’d never be a real fighter— You hadn’t even MEANT it?!”

And, Vegeta had nodded, thinking to himself that everything would be okay now. Bikini would understand what he’d been doing, and she’d thank him for providing her with motiva—

“Then, why?! Why would you SAY it?!” Bikini exclaimed. “I— I always thought— I felt like you HATED me, and you—“

“I never hated you!” Vegeta said. “I promise— Even when I first came to Earth, when I realized who you were, I wanted to ensure your safety! Remember?”

“But, you’ve always just called me weak! You said I was disappointing and pathetic, and—“

“But, I never meant it, I was trying to—“

“Then why SAY it?! If that’s not what you meant— Why couldn’t you say what you DID mean?! Whatever the Hell that even was!”

“I thought I was motivating you to get stronger,” Vegeta explained. “When I was a child, Nappa talked down to me until I got angry, and I’d tap into new strength I didn’t even realize I had just so I could prove him wrong. I was trying to do the same for you. But… I realized later that it wasn’t the right thing… When you turned into a Super Saiyan for the first time, it should have been the happiest moment of my life, but the trigger was… Was believing that you were useless, and hating yourself. And, I knew right then that it was my fault…”

“And then you stopped talking to me completely!” Bikini exclaimed. “You didn’t even say ‘Good job, Bikini. I guess you can be a Super Saiyan after all’! You were SILENT, and you only ever acknowledged me after that if I was in your way!”

“That was because I… I knew I’d hurt you, and I didn’t know what to do,” Vegeta said. “I thought I would make it worse, that you would be better off…” he inhaled, swallowed hard. “Better off… without me.” He gritted his fists, turning away to mumble; “I was scared, Bikini… And you can’t imagine how difficult it is for me to admit that.”

Bikini thought she saw tears in her father’s eyes— Something she had rarely witnessed before. She felt some moving down her own face. “All I wanted was to make you proud. I wanted to be strong like you… When I was really little, I always had this… Weird feeling in me, like I had to move and grab and attack, but I was never allowed to. I had this buzzing in me all the time, and I was just supposed to stay still. Then I found out I was a Saiyan and that was why I felt that way. And… And I was scared of you when you first came here, but I also thought you’d understand if we spent time together, and I’d have someone who could help me with those feelings and learn what to do with them…”

Vegeta furiously dabbed at the corners of his eyes. He was not supposed to cry— He was the Prince of the Saiyans. The Prince of the Saiyans didn’t cry… But, he couldn’t help it. When he’d made the decision to bring Bikini into the universe, he had hoped for a child that would have a lust for battle, that would desire to explore her Saiyan heritage, that would want to make him proud.

That was exactly what he had gotten, but he’d shattered any bond he could have had with her. He and Bikini could have been so close, more like best friends than parent and child, and he’d ruined that. He imagined how different things could have been if he’d just realized his mistakes sooner. If he had been honest and upfront and told Bikini how much she really impressed him. If he’d stopped for one second and expressed how happy he was to have a child that both WANTED to fight and showed so much skill at it…

But, no.

He had made his daughter think he HATED her when that couldn’t have been further from the truth.

“I’m sorry…” Vegeta managed to croak out. “I wish I could go back and do it over again.”

Bikini sniffled, trying not to cry as hard as she wanted to.

“I don’t hate you,” Vegeta said gently, turning to look at her. His eyes burned, the tears were going to come, whether he wanted them to or not. “It’s the opposite. I…” Vegeta tried to come up with something. “You remember when we got home from Namek?”

“What about it?” Bikini demanded, crossing her arms and huffing with irritation. Fuck, she was… She was so much like him. How could he have torpedoed his relationship with someone that reminded him so much of himself?

“You had so many nightmares when we returned,” Vegeta said.

Bikini looked up. “How did you know about that?”

“Because, Saiyan hearing is very powerful,” Vegeta pointed out. “I would hear you whimpering in your room each night. It never failed to wake me up.”

Bikini frowned, glancing back down. Just one more way she had annoyed her father; Disturbing his sleep by having some silly bad dreams. “I’m sorry…”

“No, don’t—” Vegeta caught himself before he accidentally started shouting. “Don’t apologize. That isn’t what I want. I wanted to tell you something.”

“What?”

“Whenever I heard you, I would get right out of bed. I would go down the hall to your room, and I would hold you in my arms. I could never manage to wake you, you have always been such a heavy sleeper. But, I would hold you until you were no longer shaking, and…” Vegeta’s face went a little red. “I… I would try to… To sing softly to you.”

Bikini met his eyes again. “What?!” She couldn’t even picture that!

“I could recall a Saiyan lullaby from when I was a child,” Vegeta explained. “And I would sing it to you… To the best of my ability. It always seemed to settle you.”

Bikini did remember a lot of the nightmares she had back then. Some of them involved seeing Gohan getting his neck broken. Some made her relive the way she’d lost her tail. Others still were her memories of how it had felt to die. A lot of them were about Frieza strangling her father, basically torturing him as she watched helplessly. The nightmares were awful… But, she could also remember how, eventually, she would always just sense something calming, some soothing energy that would chase all the scary images away, replace them with happier things.

Her father had comforted her… Every time that she’d had a bad dream, he had come to her, he had tried to make it better. He had been there, protecting her.

Because he’d loved her.

“I… I cared for you,” Vegeta said. “But, I don’t know how… I’ve never understood how… What to do when I love something. All I know is that there are some people where… I’d just kill anyone who ever tried to hurt them. Except, usually I’m the one hurting them. And I want to take it all back.”

“You can’t take it back,” Bikini said.

“I know, that’s what pisses me off,” Vegeta said.

“Could you… Hold me now?” Bikini asked. “Like what you did when I had a nightmare?”

“Is that how I fix it?” Vegeta asked. “Come over here.”

Bikini didn’t think one hug would fix it… But, it would start putting the pieces back together.

Vegeta awkwardly opened his arms as Bikini came over to where he sat. She rested herself against him, trying to get used to the feeling. Vegeta was warmer than she had thought he would be. He wasn’t soft, but he was holding her gently to make up for it. “I’m… Sorry…” he said. “I’m so sorry… If… If you’ll still train with me, I promise, it’s going to be different from now on.”

“Promise?” Bikini asked. “And, you still want me to train with you? I swear I’ll make you proud.”

“Bikini, you already have…” Vegeta told her. “From the first time you asked me to fight you, I knew you were going to be a brave warrior… And, I hope I haven’t taken that from you.”

Bikini relaxed some more in his arms, and he hugged her closer. It felt strange to him, since he’d never really hugged or been hugged by anyone before, but he didn’t dislike it. It was kind of like when she was five and having nightmares. She was just bigger now, and actually awake to see how he cared for her.

Vegeta hesitated. Her being awake made him a bit more reluctant to do this, it was much easier if he was alone, or if the only other person was unconscious. But, he thought that maybe she needed it… He opened his mouth, and he began softly singing the Saiyan lullaby to her.

Bikini couldn’t understand any of the words her father sang to her, but she felt a distant sort of comfort from the melody, a sense that she had heard it before, and that it meant she was safe. It made her nuzzle against him, almost instinctively.

She didn’t feel like everything had been fixed, but for the first time, she thought that someday it COULD be.

Bulma at last let them out around an hour later.

Bikini immediately bolted from the room and down the hall, prompting Bulma to furrow her brows with disappointment. She mumbled to herself “It didn’t work, did i—“

Before she could finish that thought, she heard the door to the bathroom at the end of the hallway slamming closed. “… Oh.”

Vegeta glanced at the nearest clock. “Seven hours IS quite a long time, woman,” he said.

“Yes, I guess it is,” Bulma agreed. “Did you two finally talk?”

“We did,” Vegeta said. He shifted anxiously. “Uh, she will probably tell you about it later. I must now… Um… Check on something… Over there…” He gestured vaguely before hurrying off.

Bulma sighed. ‘You know, you’re allowed to say that you have to pee, Vegeta…’ she thought.

Ever since then, Vegeta had done his best to keep his promise. Every time they trained, he made sure to tell Bikini where she had improved, and that he was proud of her. He didn’t know how many times he’d have to say that to undo all the years in which he hadn’t— if that was even possible— but they were closer now, and that made him happy.

Beyond that, Bikini’s abilities were getting stronger at a much faster rate than they had been before. Vegeta was pleased to see that happen, yet it also added to the disappointment he had for himself. There had been literally no point to the harsh way he’d trained her before. It hadn’t helped their relationship, nor had it made Bikini stronger. He should have been doing THIS the whole time. Who knew how powerful Bikini could be now if Vegeta had just done things properly all along?

“Time for a break?” Vegeta asked her now. That was ANOTHER thing he’d been trying to change; Allowing her to rest every so often instead of expecting her to keep up with his stamina. She was only eighteen, still just a teenager. He shouldn’t think that she’d be able to keep going as long as a Saiyan of his age.

“Yeah,” Bikini nodded. Now that the activity had settled down, she was becoming aware of a slight problem. When she and Gohan had trained with Piccolo, the Namekian had taught her about how important it was to keep hydrated, and so she had always made sure to drink plenty of water if she was going to be sparring.

Now she was dealing with the after-effects of that, and she wasn’t sure what to do. She didn’t mind urinating outside and had gotten plenty used to it after living in the wilderness with Gohan for so long. She’d just find something to crouch behind and pee.

It was only really difficult the very first time, because she hadn’t known what position she was supposed to be in and had needed Gohan to explain it to her. She was just lucky that he’d read a book about a group of female explorers and had learned the proper method from that.

Today wouldn’t be that simple. Since Dad had decided they should train out here in the desert, there WASN’T anything for her to use for cover. Just a vast expanse of flat sand, if she peed out here, she’d be completely exposed.

She was going to have to fly somewhere else but, of course, that would require getting Dad’s permission, and telling him where she was going. Which felt a little daunting. She was still occasionally fearful of giving her father the impression that she was weak. She had never seen her father pee— much less need to do it in the middle of training. He must not have been thinking about the need for bathroom breaks when he’d chosen this location, so that had to mean she was expected to hold it until they were finished for the day, right?

But, they WERE taking a break, if she was really fast about it, he shouldn’t mind. Unless he had an issue with her needing to fly away to find privacy. She could imagine him saying that the Saiyans on their home-planet had never cared for such things and relieved themselves openly, and so she should do the same. Or calling her ridiculous for needing privacy when they were the only two people out here.

WAS she being silly? When she’d lived in the woods with Gohan, they’d peed together all the time, side by side, neither of them feeling embarrassed. They’d even held conversations with each other while they were both going, it hadn’t been a big deal. And while, of course, she would NEVER do that with him now that they weren’t little kids anymore, should she be THAT anxious about peeing out here with her dad around?

He had seen her do it once when she was little. Kind of. On Namek, she’d needed to go badly when Captain Ginyu had arrived in Goku’s stolen body. But, of course, it wasn’t a good time for her to pee, so she’d had no choice but to hold it.

After Ginyu accidentally switched his soul into the body of a frog, the gross creature had hopped atop her head and scared her so badly that she’d screamed and wet herself. Dad had seen, and she’d been certain he was going to yell at her for it— How stupid of her, being more scared of Ginyu after he’d turned into a frog than she’d been when he was actually a threat.

But, instead he’d turned to Goku, who’d been trying to talk him out of killing the frog. “See, Kakarot? He’s STILL a danger. He has terrorized my daughter so severely that she’s lost bladder control. You HAVE to let me kill him now.”

Dad hadn’t been angry at her, just at Goku when he’d STILL refused to let him chi blast the frog.

So, it wasn’t like she’d never peed in front of Dad before. She’d had an accident in front of him, that was much more embarrassing! And maybe she wouldn’t NEED to go in front of him, maybe he would let her fly off after all. She hadn’t asked him, there was no reason to assume he’d say no. All she had to do was ask. Hopefully he wouldn’t think it was weak to need a bathroom break.

Vegeta, meanwhile, was dealing with a similar problem. There was no way in Hell he could urinate out here. There wasn’t a damn THING to hide behind, and… He just didn’t WORK that way! He needed privacy, or else nothing would flow. Peeing outdoors was almost impossible for him even when he DID have something to conceal himself with. He could NEVER do it… openly. Not in a million years!

He was regretting his decision to train here. He should have picked the gravity room again, even though Bikini kept saying she was bored of it and wanted a change of scenery. The gravity room was at HOME, and Vegeta could relieve himself at home. His bathroom was nice and private, plus he could turn the sink on and listen to the running water if his bladder decided to be extra disobedient.

There was NOTHING out here that could alleviate his problem. Even flying off and trying to find a more secluded spot might not work out for him. He’d still be too worried about someone spotting him to release his bladder. What he needed was to go home, but that wasn’t an option.

They still had to complete their training session for the day, and if Vegeta wanted to pause and fly all the way home and back, Bikini would want to know why. He had never told his daughter about his… Thing. It was too shameful to share with her. He wasn’t supposed to have weaknesses, let alone such a ridiculous one. He was the ultra powerful prince of a warrior race, how could he be incapable of urinating in public?!

He also didn’t want her to know that he had to pee at ALL. He didn’t think he’d ever given her any indication that he HAD a bladder, and he would prefer to keep it that way. Even during that year in the time chamber, where he’d been in constant close proximity to both her and the other timeline’s version of Trunks, he had never gone to the restroom when either of them was around. He’d held it until they were both asleep each night, and had gotten up early every morning to pee before they were awake.

He couldn’t let Bikini know now that he had to go. It would be so humiliating, and he’d also be forced to explain why his need required a trip home to satisfy. She didn’t need to know about that!

Vegeta would hold it. He’d tense his legs and thighs, and he’d endure the pressure. He always did.

Bikini paced back and forth in a little circle as she tried to work up the nerve to tell Dad about her problem, to ask him what she should do about it. If she were here alone, she would have gladly squatted in the sand and watered it by now. Her bladder was feeling awfully heavy, a solid weight sitting firmly against her urethra. She was dreading the moment when Dad would say it was time to return to their training, she wasn’t going to fight very well like this.

And, what if he kicked her near her bladder? It would tear clean open and gush its contents all down her legs for sure. Dad might not have been angry about the accident she’d had as a little kid, but he definitely wouldn’t be impressed if she had another one now as an adult.

The belt of her gi felt tighter than it usually did, pressing itself into her at a very inconvenient spot, like little pins poking into the delicate walls of her bladder. She stopped pacing and reached down to undo the knot, just to loosen it a little. This brought her some relief, but it didn’t last long. Before she could even let the air out of her lungs, the pressure had ratcheted back up to the same level it had been at when her belt had still been squeezing her.

She bounced on her toes, trying to calm the roaring waters inside her, then she clenched her thighs. She remembered something Gohan had told her once, he’d read that warming up could lessen the urge to urinate, and that sounded accurate. She thought she did need to pee more frequently when she was cold.

So, she concentrated on her chi and tried to let the energy move all through her body, charging it slightly, but hopefully not enough to create any sparks. The pressure lessened very slightly, so she kept doing it, rocking from side to side with discomfort.

“HEY!” Dad yelled suddenly. “We are still on break, you DON’T get to sneak-attack me!”

Bikini stopped immediately, a small spark fizzing in her palm. Her father had startled her, and the muscles of her bladder contracted hard, forcing her to grind her thighs together. It wasn’t enough, and a few droplets escaped. “S—Sorry! I didn’t mean to! I wasn’t trying to—“

“What WERE you trying to do?”

He was already irritated with her… May as well tell him the truth. And, if he expected her to just crouch down right where she was and let it flow… Well, she’d deal with that when the time came. “I… I have to take a leak, and I don’t think I can do it out here,” she said, hoping he wouldn’t be too annoyed.

She… Did? Oh, thank goodness… Vegeta could get home under the pretense of taking HER to the bathroom— He wouldn’t have to make her aware of his own urge at all. He wouldn’t have to say a WORD to her about it, or about his humiliating inability to take care of it in public.

He WAS a little put off by her word-choice, though. He always was any time she came out with something vulgar. When she was little, she always spoke so politely and cordially. Then, for some reason, over the years her manner of speaking had completely changed. She cursed and shouted often, and Vegeta didn’t know what could have caused that.

She’d usually said ‘tinkle’ to refer to this activity when she was younger. That was a phrase he would expect to hear come out of a sweet looking princess. ‘Take a leak’ was definitely NOT. He supposed he had Kakarot to thank for ruining her vocabulary this time, since this was something Kakarot said often.

“I’m sorry,” Bikini said. “There’s just nothing here to—“

“We’re going right home, then,” Vegeta decided, his voice cracking in a way she had never heard it do before.

“I don’t think I have to go all the way home!” Bikini cried out, certain that she HAD disappointed him— She was making him cut their training short just because she had to pee! “Just, you know, somewhere with a bit of cover.”

“Nope, we’re going home!” Vegeta insisted, and his tone trembled. “Right now. Immediately. And don’t look at me like that, we will continue our training after this is handled.”

Bikini frowned with confusion, her knees rubbing against each other. In truth, she was a little worried about her ability to MAKE IT all the way home. A smattering of bushes— or better yet, a public toilet— somewhere nearby would be much preferred. Surely tons of those existed between here and the house. And if they were going to come right back out here, then why did Dad want to travel THAT far just so she could pee?

Dad took off into the air; “Come on, Bikini! Get a move on! We haven’t got all day!” He commanded.

Bikini had known that, if she didn’t pee right out here in the open, she would be forced to take flight to get anywhere else. But, she had been more than dreading that. Her bladder really didn’t like flying— It was just about the hardest thing she could do when she needed to pee. The change in pressure, the inability to properly squirm, the cold wind making her shiver and inadvertently put extra pressure onto her holding muscles. Sometimes, a long flight could get her desperate even if she hadn’t needed to go beforehand.

She blushed as she remembered the way this had caused her to act years ago, back when she was too young to feel easily embarrassed. It was a wonder Gohan didn’t tease her about some of it now. Like, when she’d been wished back to life after being killed on Namek, Gohan had run over to give her a hug, happy to have her safe. But, Bikini had been too busy discovering that, upon coming back to life, all of her body’s needs caught back up to her in fast-forward. The most pressing of which was the need for the bathroom.

So, when Gohan squeezed her, he caused her to blurt out “Ah! Stop!” And, after he nervously released her, confused by the reaction, she’d begged him “Please, please, find me somewhere to tinkle!”

She’d done it loudly. Basically just yelling it. At Gohan. Right in front of all the Namekians that had been wished to Earth. Right in front of her father, who’d then gotten an enormous blush on his face.

It made her cringe every time she thought about it.

“Bikini, I KNOW you can fly!” Dad shouted. “Get up here!”

Bikini shook out of the memories and forced herself into the air. Ouch, ouch, ouch! Her bladder cramped, it spasmed, it ignited with fury. With her feet off the ground, no longer able to bounce, she felt closer to just letting it out in her pants. She tightened her thighs as she caught up to Dad, trying not to whimper beneath the blistering pressure in her core.

“That’s better,” Vegeta huffed. He hoped that wasn’t too harsh, he was just in such a tremendous hurry to get home! His insides were aching, the knots they’d tied themselves into were painful. He couldn’t have anyone slowing her down.

Even if he COULD at least understand why Bikini was having a hard time right now.

Flying on a full bladder was absolutely horrible. His own felt squeezed and compressed as the wind battered against his sensitive abdomen. ‘Reassure her,’ he told himself. ‘Tell her that YOU struggle to fly in this condition as well, so she knows you aren’t disappointed.’

That was the kind of thing he tried so hard to do now; When he feared he’d damaged her self-esteem, he’d try to correct his course. He’d tell her that he understood, tell her of times he too had made a similar mistake or faced a similar problem. He knew it was what he had to do, every time. When he’d opened up to Bulma about how badly he felt he’d failed Bikini, Bulma had told him that it was going to take twenty “Great job”s to undo one “You’re so weak”. He needed to correct himself now.

But… Telling Bikini ‘I understand, it’s hard to fly when you really need to go, it’s okay if you can’t do it at top-speed right now, or have some trouble getting in the air’ would mean telling her that, actually, he had to pee sometimes. It would mean telling her that he’d had emergencies of his own in the past… It would possibly cause him to reveal that he was actually having one of those right now.

Unsurprisingly, the words wouldn’t come. They refused to come. They remained locked behind his painfully gritted teeth as he flew along, his legs straining together as he fought to keep them pointed straight out behind himself, instead of knotted and crossed like his bladder wanted them.

He couldn’t stop picturing the bathroom at home, the private toilet where he could let this all go and rid himself of the pangs slamming through his middle. Even though he knew it was the worst thing he could do to himself, he was imagining how good that was going to feel, to finally unlatch his valve and get this burgeoning pressure out of himself.

His fantasy was swiftly punished by several, very sharp stabs at his opening, a hot pinching feeling in his tip. It forced him to slow down and grind his thighs together, almost forgetting that Bikini was beside him. He hoped she hadn’t noticed that his speed was not up to its usual standard…

Bikini didn’t notice— She couldn’t notice, she was too preoccupied with not letting her bladder spill. If anything, she thought her father was moving way too fast, it was so hard to keep up with him. Her still worsening need for a toilet was making her want to come to a grinding stop, wriggle her legs around and clutch at herself until she felt like she was back in control again.

She wished she could… Uh… Use the ‘in-flight bathroom’, as Goku called it… Sometimes, if Goku had to pee while flying, he’d just check to make sure nothing was underneath him, untie his belt and… Do it. Gohan had even done it once during an emergency, whimpering out apologies to Bikini and checking with her over and over if it was REALLY okay for him to relieve himself like that.

If there were a way for her to do the same thing right now, without having to take her pants all the way off and risk drenching her legs, she thought she would.

“Bikini, come on!” Dad urged her again. “Tr—Try and be a little faster!”

Right… Even if there WAS an easy way for her to urinate in the sky, she wouldn’t do it with Dad around— He would NEVER allow such a thing. She doubted he’d even let Trunks do it, and it would be far simpler for him. She could hear it now ‘The blood of the Saiyan royal family runs in your veins, and you will NOT do something so disgraceful!’

They were passing over a forested area now, plenty of bushes that she could squat behind. She almost pointed that out to Dad, but held it back. She considered that, maybe, the reason he wanted to take her all the way home to relieve herself was because he felt uncomfortable about her doing it outside.

Maybe she’d gotten it all wrong, and the Saiyans on their home-planet had never urinated outdoors. Maybe, instead of it being the ‘norm’ like she’d been picturing earlier, it was seen as an unforgivable taboo. As she thought about it, she realized she’d never even HEARD her Dad say he needed to step behind a tree for a moment when they’d been outside for a long time. She’d never noticed him trying to sneak off and do it discreetly, either.

She knew he must HAVE done it at some point. Namek hadn’t had any toilets, so peeing outside was the only option that existed. But, he obviously didn’t want anyone knowing about it when he did. If that behavior was generally frowned upon in Saiyan society, then of course the prince could NEVER do such a thing openly.

She thought she’d figured it out, but then she remembered that Dad had let Trunks pee outside before, and hadn’t discouraged it. So, then perhaps Dad just didn’t want her doing it because she was a girl…? That didn’t sound right… Dad hadn’t ever told her she wasn’t allowed to do anything ELSE because she was a girl, and he HAD to know that she’d done it before and knew how; No way did he think she’d held it in for the entire year she’d been living in the wilderness.

Her bladder spasmed as they continued to fly over the forest. It took her a second to realize what had triggered it; There was a large waterfall below them now. She could not STAND the sound of running water when she needed to pee. It was a brutal torture for her bladder, and now she could feel the liquid inside of her thrumming, like the water down below was battering against her aching abdomen.

It was the worst damn sound in the world, and her Saiyan hearing made it even more inescapable. It had ALWAYS done this to her. One night during their survival training, Gohan had decided they should sleep close to a waterfall. He said the sound would be relaxing and help them sleep, and they’d be able to get a drink easily if they became thirsty during the night. But, rather than sleeping BETTER, Bikini was woken by a full bladder so many times that she barely got any rest at all. The bush nearest to them benefited much more than she did, considering all the extra watering it had received.

And, she’d never grown out of it. The effect was just as swift and unforgiving now as it had been when she was little. She felt her exit quivering, followed by a very small bead of warmth. “Dad!” Bikini whimpered out before she could stop herself.

Vegeta was trying to fly faster, he needed to remove the sound of running water from his ears as quickly as he possibly could. His abdomen felt stretched and bloated enough, his bladder did not NEED all that extra encouragement to keep filling. He heard his daughter whine and turned to her; “What?”

“I— I need to go really bad,” Bikini admitted. “Can’t I go in the bushes, please? I’ve done it before!”

Vegeta chewed on his lower lip. He knew that he SHOULD let her do that. She was fidgeting in the air, her thighs grinding together, her knees knocking and rubbing against one another. Sweat was visible on her brow, and he knew this slow flight couldn’t have been enough to cause that.

But, the thing was, he… He was just… Uncomfortable with having his daughter pee outdoors with no one to keep watch for her. Yes, he knew she’d done it before, but as far as he knew, she’d usually had Kakarot’s eldest brat nearby to ensure no peeking took place, regardless of who else might be around.

Vegeta could sense some power levels in the forest below, and couldn’t determine if they were human or not. He’d have to accompany her. He’d have to listen as she urinated into the grass and most likely moaned with relief. He’d then have to SOMEHOW get back into the air with his bladder still weighing him down, and come up with a different excuse for why they still needed to go all the way home.

It wouldn’t work. “N—No,” he said. “I think I can sense people down there. Just keep flying.”

Bikini struggled, putting her hands between her legs for a second. But, she did as her father told her. She could sort of sense some chi in the forest too, and some of it probably DID belong to humans. She wouldn’t want anyone to accidentally find her taking a huge piss in the dirt.

She could hold it… They’d left the waterfall behind now, and her urge felt a bit more manageable as a result.

She hoped that they’d pass over a town or something soon. There had to be a public toilet between here and home, and Dad wouldn’t have any reason to worry about her using one of those. The only time he’d ever protested against her using an actual toilet outside of the house was when they’d been at Master Roshi’s place.

The sound of the ocean had gotten to her and she’d needed to sprint into the house. Dad spotted her heading for the restroom and stopped her with a fierce grab of her wrist. “No. HELL no,” he’d said.

“But, I need—“

Before she’d finished the sentence, Vegeta had dragged her over to Goku; “Kakarot, stop whatever you’re doing and take my daughter home for a minute. NOW.”

“Uh… Okay…” Goku said, confused, but he teleported her home, just like Vegeta had ordered him to.

Bikini was just as confused, and Mom was as well.

“Goku, what’s this about?” Mom asked.

“I dunno, Vegeta just yelled at me that I had to bring her here,” Goku shrugged.

“I was trying to go to the bathroom and he got mad about it,” Bikini said. “I dunno why. Does he want me to make my bladder stronger or something?”

“Ohhhh,” Mom said, and it sounded like she understood something that Bikini couldn’t. “Just use the bathroom here, okay? Your father wasn’t trying to tell you that you couldn’t go, he just wanted you to do it here.”

So, Bikini had sprinted off and relieved herself. It wasn’t until later that evening that she found out what Dad’s issue had been. “NEVER use the bathroom at that pervert’s house,” Dad said. “Don’t pee there, and definitely don’t ever take a shower. I am SURE he’s hidden a camera in it.”

Bikini had nodded, finally getting it. She had never thought about that being a possibility before, but it DID make sense.

That was the only bathroom Dad had told her never to use. Any other time she needed to use a toilet away from home, he hadn’t cared. She was sure he’d let her land and pee as soon as she could spot a place with a restroom. Hopefully, that wouldn’t be too much longer, her bladder was really straining.

Her belt was feeling too tight again as well. She wanted to stop so that she could loosen it a bit further, but thought better of it. There was always a chance that she’d loosen it TOO much in an effort to give her bladder some space, and that could be disastrous with all this wind.

Ugh, she hated the wind. The chill was making her shiver, and her bladder thrashed as its walls were compressed. It was also coming towards her, rather than billowing against her feet, so it slowed her down. In any normal circumstance, a head-wind wouldn’t have done much to her speed, but she was having the most difficult time keeping her legs pointed out properly, her knees bending involuntarily as new waves of pressure hit her. Her thighs grinded against each other, and she kept kicking her feet, so it looked more like she was trying to swim. All of this meant that she wasn’t flying even HALF as fast as she usually would.

She kept waiting for Dad to yell at her to hurry up— The training they’d done so far today should not have worn her out THAT much, there was no reason for her to be so slow. She waited for him to turn and see the ungraceful way she was soaring, then scold her and command her to keep her feet still and her legs in the correct position. He was going to be disappointed if she let him see how much an urgent need to pee could mess her up.

She could easily hear him in her mind; ’That is ridiculous, Bikini. You must work through this— Imagine what would happen to you if you needed to relieve yourself during battle, would you fall to pieces and let yourself lose over something so trivial? Do we need to spend time on training your bladder?’

Maybe that was what Dad had done; He’d trained his bladder like he had everything else. It would explain why she had never seen him go, he could just hold it for ages without much issue.

Bikini had never even thought about training those muscles, though. She’d never considered that it would be necessary. She also didn’t WANT to. The only way she could think to do that would be to hold her pee until she was in agony over and over in the hopes that her body would get used to retaining more liquid. The pressure currently in her middle was already unbearable enough.

Dad looked back over at her. “Bikini, come on! Hurry up!” He said. His voice was wobbling, and Bikini figured the wind was making HIM cold as well. She could also tell that she was frustrating him, he was not pleased that her need was making her struggle so much. She was letting him down.

Dad was also looking at her flailing legs, his brow creased. “Bikini—“

“Sorry, sorry!” Bikini did her best to re-assume the proper position, trying to keep her knees straight and her feet still. Her thighs still remained straining together, however. She didn’t DARE move those apart. She could almost feel a little warm tingle right at her opening, and feared it would turn into a light drizzle if she didn’t put some kind of barrier there.

She concentrated as much as she could on keeping her legs outstretched, no wriggling. She flew faster this way, and was able to stay right next to her father. That was better, she was showing him how strong she could be. She could do this.

She wanted to tuck a hand down between her quivering thighs, though. A little extra reinforcement for her holding muscles would feel great; a cork to prevent that dribble from squeezing out. Unfortunately, her arms were ALSO required to be in a specific position for flight, so that wasn’t an option either.

For what certainly wasn’t the first time, Bikini wished that her tail had managed to grow back. She’d loved her tail, and it had been so useful and fun. When she was little and still had it, she’d used it for all sorts of things. She’d painted with it, she’d used it to wash her back, she’d hugged it at night to help herself fall asleep. She’d also had the habit of holding herself with it when she needed to pee.

She wished she still had it, it would be nice if she could shove IT between her legs right now, since she couldn’t use her hands for it. There was actually a weird spasming feeling in her lower back, around the scar where her tail USED to be. That happened sometimes, she’d keep instinctively trying to move her tail even though she knew it was gone, and that spot would feel twitchy.

It was REALLY twitchy now, and for a moment she hoped that her tail would finally grow back, her Saiyan biology realizing that she NEEDED it to return. That was how Goku and Gohan’s tails had both managed to reappear a couple times. Bikini didn’t understand why hers never would.

Maybe it had to do with HOW her tail was removed, though. Goku and Gohan had never lost their tails in as painful a way as Bikini’s had been amputated. To this day, the destruction of her tail remained one of the worst agonies she’d ever suffered. It had been utterly traumatic for both her AND her father. Dad had told her before that it was one of the most devastating things he’d ever seen.

Bikini had retained her tail until she was five, finally losing it while on Namek, not too long after her first encounter with Frieza.

Vegeta had been flying off to grab the dragon ball that he’d hidden in a lake earlier, when something made him come to a grinding stop. His burgeoning chi-sensing ability had locked onto something. While he hadn’t quite gotten skilled enough at it to recognize who the energies he sensed belonged to, something in him ached and twisted up, urging him to go check on the situation.

He’d flown off towards the chi signals, and when he’d glanced down at the ground below him, he’d spotted Frieza approaching his daughter.

Frieza could tell she was a Saiyan— That much was obvious. Her tail was visible, fluffed out behind her. Frieza could tell she was a Saiyan. He knew that, somehow, one of the survivors of their race had managed to reproduce. The rage on Frieza was palpable. There weren’t supposed to be any new Saiyans born. He’d left only males alive, and Vegeta suspected that was part of the reason why. Frieza must have never considered that Saiyans could cross-breed with other species.

But, there she was.

And she was in extreme amounts of danger just being seen by him.

Vegeta had then landed beside her so fast that he hardly remembered making the decision to do so.

Bikini had turned to him, she was trembling with fear. ‘Good… That should ensure she keeps her mouth shut, and doesn’t say anything stupid to him.’

“Ah, Vegeta,” Frieza said, his voice strangely cheerful, yet deeply terrifying. “Perhaps you could shed some light on this; Where has this child come from?”

Bikini had moved closer to Vegeta. Vegeta was still scary, but he was also her daddy. That had to count for something.

Frieza had given her a smile then, his eyes glimmering with an emotion she couldn’t place. “I didn’t expect any extra Saiyans to begin appearing. Where has this one come from? Answer me, Vegeta.”

“It… It would seem that Saiyans and Earthlings are able to cross-breed with one another,” Vegeta answered.

“I see, how interesting,” Frieza said. “And, it just so happens that records indicate your pod went off course around five years ago… Right around Earth’s solar system. Isn’t that an odd coincidence?”

Vegeta swallowed hard. Bikini was in enough danger from Frieza just by virtue of being a Saiyan child. If he knew she was the daughter of his favorite plaything… “I… Suppose it is…”

Frieza’s smile vanished, and he gave Vegeta a sharp look. “Would I be wrong to assume that this brat belongs to you?”

Bikini moved even closer to Vegeta. Yes, he was her daddy! That meant he was going to keep her safe from Frieza. Her daddy was strong. And, even if he WAS scary, he had protected her from Nappa back on Earth. He didn’t want anyone to kill her. She was imagining Vegeta saying ‘Yes, she’s mine! And you keep your hands OFF of her!’ before blasting Frieza away.

But, that didn’t happen.

Not even close.

What happened instead made Bikini’s heart ache and her stomach drop.

“N—No!” Vegeta exclaimed. “She isn’t mine. There was a Saiyan sent to Earth many years ago, he failed in his mission. He married and had children with one of the planet’s inhabitants. She’s his, not mine.”

But… Why? Had she disappointed and annoyed Daddy so much that he wanted to pretend she wasn’t his daughter anymore? Did he really not want her? He wasn’t going to protect her from Frieza after all. He didn’t care enough to do that. Before she knew it, she felt a burning sensation behind her eyes, and her cheeks dampened with tears.

Vegeta noticed, and confusion mixed itself with annoyance. The Hell was she crying for?! If this worked, perhaps Frieza would be less inclined to harm her! That was a GOOD thing! But, if she kept up the water-works, Frieza may choose to kill her regardless of who he thought her father was. “Shhh!” He hissed. “Shut up!”

Bikini wiped at her tears, trying not to cry any more. Maybe that was why Daddy didn’t want her. She cried too much.

Frieza’s gaze shifted between the two of them, and then he laughed. “You expect me to fall for that, Vegeta? Do you think I’m stupid?”

“I—It’s the tru—“

“Look at her,” Frieza pointed a long-nailed finger towards Bikini. “She looks way too similar to you for it to be a coincidence. Same eyebrows, same nose… She even shakes in the same pathetic way YOU did as a child. Of course she had to spawn from you.”

“She— She isn’t— She’s not mine— She— Bikini, stop crying and GO!” Vegeta finally shouted.

Bikini continued to shake and hold back her tears. Daddy really didn’t want her! He was embarrassed by her! He didn’t want anyone to know she was his! It must have been because she was trembling and crying, she had to be brave! She had to pretend Frieza didn’t scare her, then Daddy would be proud! “Frieza!” She yelled. “I’m n—not afra—“

“ARE YOU A MORON?!” Vegeta screamed. “GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM HERE, NOW!”

Bikini flew off, and once she thought she was far enough away, she sat down against a rock and let herself cry. It was like everything she did to try to show Daddy how strong she was only made him hate her more.

Vegeta exhaled with relief once she was out of sight. She should be safe now. He wouldn’t let Frieza lay a hand on her. That was HIS child, HIS daughter, the first thing he’d had since the destruction of his planet that he felt really belonged to him, and he was going to make her so strong. Frieza wasn’t allowed to take her away before he had the chance. Frieza had taken enough already.

Why did she have to be so damned stubborn, though? That Earth woman he’d mated with must have been the cause; No way had she gotten that kind of behavior from him.

Oh well. She must have just been eager to fight Frieza— The thought filled him with pride. Kid was going to make a great Saiyan with a spirit for battle like that, she just needed to get better at recognizing when she was in over her head. Wherever she’d flown to, she was hopefully cooling off and realizing that he was right.

“You are going to take me to her,” Frieza said. “Regardless of who you say her father is, I noticed an issue I need to remedy.”

Vegeta hadn’t replied. He was not about to lead Frieza to her.

“Vegeta, either YOU bring me to her, or I’ll use my scouter to find her myself— And I promise, what’s going to happen will be MUCH worse if I’m forced to locate her on my own.”

Vegeta had continued to refuse, and then he’d flown off, intent on finding Bikini before Frieza did. He still regretted that. Maybe Frieza had been lying and he would have done what he did next regardless of how cooperative Vegeta was with him, but the fact that there had at least been a CHANCE of it not being quite so horrible still weighed on him.

Vegeta searched for Bikini. He flew towards every higher power-level he could sense, but as he was still only learning how to feel other people’s energy, he wasn’t able to pick out which belonged to Bikini. He bumped into Kakarot’s spawn first instead, and had to waste time threatening that brat before continuing the search for his daughter.

He realized which chi signal was hers when he heard her scream from miles away.

Frieza had gotten to her first, and he had already begun his task. He had already made a lot of progress on it, in fact. There was nothing Vegeta could do at that point but watch it unfold from his place in the sky.

The ‘issue’ Frieza had needed to ‘remedy’ was Bikini’s tail, the fact that she still possessed the ability to transform. He’d already bent it into a grotesque shape made up of sickening, unnatural angles. Every bone inside of it must have been broken. Vegeta wished Saiyan eyesight weren’t so powerful, because he could make out a piece of bone poking past the skin and fur of her mangled tail.

There was no way that tail could be salvaged. Even if Vegeta managed to kill Frieza right here and now, grab her up and dunk her into the nearest healing tank, her tail was gone. It would never heal properly, it would only remain a source of pain for her if it stayed attached to her body.

It would need to be amputated. It would be better to have no tail at all than to have—

Frieza was in the process of doing exactly that. Vegeta almost rushed down there to punch him, it took so much willpower not to. He couldn’t— Not yet. He had to become immortal first. He couldn’t defeat Frieza unless he was immortal.

But, he needed to do it NOW, his daughter needed him! Up until that point, he had never felt as powerless as he did in that moment, watching as Frieza tore Bikini’s disfigured tail off of her, hearing her scream, and knowing that he could do nothing. If he tried to intervene, he was dead. If he tried to intervene, Frieza would probably kill her as well.

To keep both himself and Bikini alive, he had to do nothing. And doing nothing was the hardest thing in the world.

Once the tail had been ripped away, Frieza had tossed it to the side. And then, he’d glanced up into the sky, looked right at Vegeta, and smiled.

Frieza flew off, and Vegeta descended. He landed beside Bikini. For the first time in his life, he wanted to give someone a hug. But, when he started to move closer, he just completely froze up. The sound of her crying, of her pain… The pain Vegeta had felt from having his OWN tail cut off was still fresh in his mind, and that had been one, clean slice. He’d still been blisteringly sore there until he’d managed to reach a healing tank.

Bikini was definitely in even worse pain. He shouldn’t touch her. He’d make it worse if he touched her. He should just say something to her instead. So, he did; “A tail is what makes a Saiyan a Saiyan,” he told her, bolstering his voice. If he sounded confident and sure of himself, she should be less afraid. She’d know she had someone strong on her side. “And now yours is gone. It’s a terrible loss, you’ll never be the same.” He wanted to make it clear to her that he understood how she felt, he was still grieving for his own tail. He knew exactly how devastating this was.

Bikini cried harder and harder, and Vegeta imagined the throbs in her lower back were getting worse. She needed some relief from that, but… He couldn’t carry her to a healing tank. He couldn’t touch her and risk hurting her worse. She’d come here WITH people, though. People who should be able to help. On Earth, she’d seemed pretty close to Kakarot’s child. That one would help her, surely.

“Get back to the other half-breed at once,” he told her. “Get away from me.” Right beside him was the least safe place for her now. Frieza would naturally assume that he was tending to her wound, and would find her again easily if she stayed with him.

Bikini had continued to cry. She was sobbing even harder after that than when Frieza had been obliterating her tail. Her daddy wanted her gone. He was even more disappointed in her now, because ‘a tail is what makes a Saiyan a Saiyan,’ and she’d failed to keep hers intact. She hadn’t been strong enough to force Frieza to let her keep it. She was weak, and now Daddy didn’t think she was real Saiyan anymore.

She had then gotten up, struggling to balance without her tail behind her, she’d fallen a couple times, but restrained her whimpering. She didn’t want Daddy to be even more upset with her.

It had been very difficult to return to her friends after that. Her body hurt, her heart hurt, and it was like she had to completely re-learn how to walk now that her tail was no longer there. She eventually got back to Mom, Gohan and Krillin who attempted to bandage her wound. Gohan had given her something to rub on it, telling her that it was made from one of the planet’s plants, and the Namekians he’d met said it was a healing agent. It had soothed some of the pain, and had even closed the wound up, ensuring it wouldn’t get dirty.

But, now she wondered if maybe something in that medicine had stopped her tail from ever regrowing, leading to moments like this where she desperately, DESPERATELY wanted it to come back. If she just had something to push against her crotch, the jabbing pangs would be so much easier to endure. Pressing her thighs together as hard as they would go simply wasn’t enough. She was biting down on her lip, just because she was so full of stress and tension that she needed to clench something.

She wanted her tail, she wanted to hold herself. She wanted to pee. She really, really wanted to pee. It was slowing her down again, but she didn’t notice until Dad snapped “Come on! Hurry it up!”

“S—Sorry,” Bikini whimpered, trying her absolute hardest to match her father’s pace. She wanted to tell him how difficult it was for her to fly, that it hurt so bad to be stuck in this awful position where she could do very little to quell her overburdened bladder.

Dad would not be pleased. ‘The need to relieve oneself should never hinder a fighter,’ he’d say. ‘I have never once allowed it to worsen my abilities, and I expect the same from you.’

So, instead, she tried to distract herself. “Dad, d—do you ev—ever miss your tail?”

Vegeta frowned, she was having trouble speaking. Her voice was fraying, and her tone was softening. It was hard to hear her over the wind. Not to mention, she was struggling SO much to keep up with him— When HE was having serious trouble flying himself. He knew he was going extra slow, so for Bikini to be fighting to maintain this speed, she must have been… Really feeling the urge…

He was being cruel… Forcing her to hold it all the way home was cruel. But, he couldn’t stop before they got there. His bladder would erupt up to his kidneys if he did that. He’d… Probably end up having to explain his issue to Bikini if he did that…

Bikini was strong, she’d make it home.

That was what he kept telling himself, anyway.

“Yes, I do miss my tail,” Vegeta told her. “Quite often.” He missed it right now. He missed it an awful lot. What he wouldn’t give to have something to wedge between his legs…

“Wh—Why didn’t m—mine ever grow back?” Bikini asked. “G—Goku and Gohan’s d—did that a f—few times… I—Is it because of the w—way I lost mine?”

Vegeta didn’t like thinking about how Bikini’s tail had been removed. He tried his best not to let that image back into his mind. “M—Maybe… Mine never came back because I used a healing tank afterwards. The space where my tail used to be was closed off.”

“Oh, th—that’s what the m—medicine Gohan gave t—to me b—back then did…” Bikini said. “I sh—should have w—waited and tr—tried something else…”

No. She most definitely should NOT have waited. She’d needed to start the healing process IMMEDIATELY. It was a VERY good thing that Kakarot’s son had had something to use. “There must be some things you DON’T miss about it,” Vegeta said.

Bikini thought that over. Mom didn’t have to modify all of her clothes for her, like she had when she was little. There was no need to add an extra hole in all of her pants anymore. Bikini knew that Mom at least liked that.

But… Unfortunately, when Bikini tried to come up with things she DIDN’T miss about her tail, the only thing that REALLY stood out to her was one she didn’t want to think about. Whenever she had to pee as desperately as she did right now, she didn’t tend to pay THAT much attention once she finally got to sit down on the toilet and go. This had been problematic back when she’d had her tail. She could definitely remember the sudden shock of her tail feeling cold and wet after she’d forgotten to grip it in her hand before throwing herself onto the toilet.

At least, without a tail, she didn’t have to worry about needing an extra bath after using the restroom anymore…

Of course, thinking about that only brought her mind back to her current situation. It was easier to use the toilet now, no tail to worry about. She could sit right down and go, and— Ohhh, that was going to feel so GOOD. All the muscles in her lower abdomen felt stretched and taut, she imagined them just snapping into blissful oblivion the instant she was able to start peeing.

Even with the tempting direction her thoughts had taken, she was still surprised when a little burst of fluid spurted warmly between her straining, aching thighs. She squeaked and stopped dead in her tracks, crossing her legs and shoving her hands against herself, squeezing like she had been dying to for ages. “Nnnnh!” She groaned, scrunching her eyes closed and gritting her teeth.

“Bikini!” Dad said, loudly. “No pausing! Keep up!”

Her eyes popped back open to see that Dad had stopped as well, his knees rubbing and his expression hardened.

“Sorry!” Bikini said once more. She was coming across as weak, she knew it. She’d leaked some of her bladder’s contents, and now she was writhing in the air, doing a pee-pee dance like she was still a toddler. Dad obviously didn’t approve, she was supposed to be strong like him!

She forced herself forwards, “I won’t do that again. I promise.”

Vegeta bit down on the inside of his cheek. He was being too harsh with her again. She thought she was disappointing him, having so much difficulty keeping her urine at bay and her body in the sky at the same time. She wasn’t, though! It was the opposite! His poor daughter was bursting at her seams and still pushing forwards! He wasn’t disappointed at all!

“Then why SAY it?! If that’s not what you meant— Why couldn’t you say what you DID mean?!” Her words from their talk re-entered his mind, as they had every single day since it had taken place.

Vegeta’s knees were still wriggling against each other, making him slow down even more. He KNEW the Hell his daughter was in. He was sharing it with her. “You’re not disappointing me,” he said. “I am impressed at how well you are holding up. You can do this.”

Bikini felt a new swell of energy at the praise— A new certainty that, maybe, she COULD make it home after all. Her father thought she could, so that meant she could!

But… It did make one of her earlier theories seem more plausible. Maybe Dad WAS trying to train her bladder. Like, this was some kind of lesson in endurance? If so, this was the hardest endurance training she’d ever been through. Even all the times Dad had made her run laps and do push-ups under enhanced gravity had been easier than this. The pressure from the gravity machine was bad, but at least it was never literally INSIDE her.

She hoped Dad didn’t intend to make this sort of exercise a regular thing, but now she was certain that WAS what he was doing right now. It was the only explanation for why he wouldn’t let her land and squat no matter how many forested areas they’d passed over now. If he was really that worried about her being seen, then he could keep watch. He must have just wanted her to hold it.

And, since doing that seemed to be making him proud, she’d continue. Not that she had much of a choice anyway, she definitely didn’t want to just soak her pants, and that was the only other option she had.

Vegeta’s own need was getting significantly worse. He could sense Bulma’s chi more clearly now, and was recognizing some of the land beneath them. He knew they were getting close to home, and his bladder knew it too. It knew relief was near, so its demands were becoming louder. He hoped Bikini wasn’t being affected in the same way.

He glanced back over his shoulder at her, and saw that her knees were bent once again. She was also now flying with one of her hands between her legs. She had slowed down a TON as a result, but he couldn’t bring himself to yell at her to straighten back out. He’d seen his daughter desperate before, but never like this. And, since this was the first time HE was the direct cause of her urinary distress, the guilt was weighing painfully inside of him, almost as heavy as his waterlogged bladder.

‘The other times you’ve seen her this way, you actually HELPED her,’ Vegeta scolded himself. And that was true, no matter HOW harsh Vegeta had been with her regarding other things, he’d always at least tried to assist her in moments like this. He didn’t want to ever cause her to have an accident, she didn’t deserve to feel that shame, and one of his worst fears was that he would somehow pass his urination issue down to one of his children. Forcing one of them to wait too long could do that.

The one time he’d seen Bikini wet herself, doing so out of fear on Namek, he hadn’t scolded her. Not even for how she was somehow MORE terrified of Ginyu as a frog than she was of him in his normal form. No, he’d just agreed with her, telling stupid Kakarot that Ginyu was still threatening no matter what he looked like, and so his death was necessary. And Kakarot STILL hadn’t let him kill him! Afterwards, Vegeta had done nothing more than take Bikini to a safe spot to wash off as soon as possible. No shaming. No berating.

Then over the next few years, when they trained together at home or in the time chamber, any time Bikini said she needed it, Vegeta would tell her to go straight to the bathroom, no matter what they’d been doing. He wanted her to know that that was always allowed. He had to assume the only reason she’d been so reluctant to tell him today was because of the location he’d picked and its complete lack of anywhere to relieve oneself.

He’d always gone out of his way to help her in these situations. Up until now, the most desperate he’d ever seen her get had been at the World Tournament, and he’d taken care of her then.

The preliminaries had been due to start soon, and they’d just gotten to the stadium. Vegeta had noticed that Bikini had been rather fidgety the entire way there, but he had assumed it was nervousness. This would be her first time fighting in front of a large audience and, though he’d been trying to increase her self-esteem, the damage he’d done to her confidence remained immense. It was only logical for her to be anxious and fidgety today.

Vegeta soon discovered that apprehension was not the cause of her restless behavior. Or, at least, not the ONLY cause of it.

Bikini, meanwhile, had been feeling SO relieved to finally arrive at the stadium. She had been dying for the bathroom all morning. She’d heeded Piccolo’s instructions about hydrating before big fights, and so had guzzled lots of water before leaving the house. It felt like every drop of it had already gotten to her bladder.

The morning, so far, had been awkward. Along the way to the stadium, she’d wanted to tell her parents that she had to go, hoping there was time for her to duck into a store and relieve herself. But, some of their friends were with them. Chi-Chi, Goten and Gohan, specifically. And… For some reason, she didn’t want to mention her problem in front of Gohan. It felt… Weird.

She didn’t even understand why. It wasn’t like Gohan didn’t know she peed. It wasn’t like she’d ever kept it a secret from him in the past— those cringe-worthy memories from her younger years could attest to that. Hell, she’d peed right in front of him before when they were really little, and he’d done the same.

Yet, for some reason, now she was too embarrassed to have him know she needed the toilet. It felt like her stomach was fluttering every time she thought about it, the fluttery sensation tickling against her agitated bladder and forcing her to walk with her knees together.

Then, when they’d reached the area for the tournament and everyone got to reunite with Goku again, he had given her a hug. Which, normally, she’d be happy for— It was so hard to get hugs from her father that even getting one from a guy who’d been dead for the past seven years was easier.

But, Goku’s hugs were tight, and he didn’t bother with restraining his strength when he gave one to another Saiyan. So, he managed to squeeze her bladder within an inch of its life, and she was forced to try her best to act normal as she felt a dribble roll down her inner thigh.

When he released her, she bounced in place for a few seconds, regaining control and telling herself that she’d be on the toilet very soon, she just needed to find the bathroom.

Inside the stadium, finding the bathroom wasn’t hard at all— It was easy to spot because it had dozens of women lined up in front of it. A soft “dammit” escaped her lips before she could stop it. No way could she get through that line and finish peeing in time for the preliminaries. And Dad would LOSE IT if she missed her chance to compete because she was busy waiting for a bathroom stall.

Vegeta heard her muttering and flinched. It always felt strange to hear her swear. It shouldn’t have, she was an adult now, so he couldn’t really scold her for having a foul mouth.

It was the weirdest thing, but he often still saw her as that little girl he’d first started to grow fond of on Namek.

“Bikini?” Vegeta asked. “Something bothering you?”

Bikini glanced at Vegeta, and then to Gohan with a… Rather odd expression. Her face was suddenly flushed, her lip between her teeth.

‘The Hell is that about?’

“Um…” Bikini moved closer to Vegeta and whispered to him. “The line for the bathroom is really long…”

Vegeta looked towards the bathrooms. He’d been ignoring them. He couldn’t use them, so it was better for him to pretend they didn’t exist. His own bladder already felt irritated, he didn’t dare give it any more temptation to fill up.

Indeed, the line for the women’s was VERY long. Probably because of the habit Earth’s women had of going there in groups. He’d asked Bulma why that was once. When he discovered some women TALKED to one another in there, having conversations while peeing, he’d again been left wondering what the Hell was wrong with this planet.

“It is,” he said.

“I’d miss the preliminaries if I waited in it,” Bikini said.

Vegeta nodded. She definitely would. Hell, she might miss the whole damned tournament. “Then don’t wait in it.”

Bikini squirmed, and Vegeta finally realized that it wasn’t from nerves. “But, Dad, I really have to go.”

Vegeta’s OWN nerves intensified. She couldn’t hold it all day, certainly not while fighting. Eventually it would become… too much, and… Oh, fuck, what if that moment came while she was on stage?! And, even if it didn’t, what if her desperation was still too obvious? She’d be so embarrassed and ashamed, and—

The men’s room had NO line. Vegeta glared, irritated. What was the fucking POINT of Earth segregating their bathrooms by gender? There were plenty of vacant toilets for his daughter to use but, oh no, she wasn’t allowed to because of a stupid sign on a door and some arbitrary rule-system that made NO sense no matter how hard Vegeta thought about it.

“Bikini, I don’t want you to miss this,” Vegeta said. “You have become so strong over these last seven years, everyone needs to see it.” By ‘everyone’ he mostly just meant ‘Kakarot’, but she could probably figure that out on her own.

“But, Dad—“

Kakarot came over with Gohan. “What’cha guys whispering about?” Kakarot asked, his excitement clear. “Planning strategies?”

Bikini’s gaze flicked over to Gohan, and that weird blush spread over her face again as she fell completely silent.

Vegeta watched in confusion, before explaining; “She needs to use the facilities—“

“I— Dad!” Bikini exclaimed, covering her face.

Alarm moved through Vegeta’s body. She wasn’t… Developing the same problem as him, was she? No, no, she couldn’t have been. If she was, then she wouldn’t be worrying about that line. She wouldn’t be considering using that bathroom at all. It had to be something else bothering her, he just didn’t know what.

“And,” he continued. “Since your planet has all this stupid gender nonsense—“

“Oh, yeah,” Kakarot said. “I never got that, either. When I was a kid, whenever Bulma had to pee I’d try to follow her to go too, and people would always have a problem with it.”

Vegeta scowled, dismayed that he and Kakarot agreed on something. “Well, thanks to that, she can’t use any of the toilets that are actually available and has to hold it as, I swear, at least sixty other people go ahead of her. She doesn’t have time for that.”

“Oh,” Kakarot said. “Hey, Bikini. Don’t worry. There are other bathrooms backstage, and you’ll be able to use one of them as soon as the preliminaries are over. Those never have lines.”

Bikini kept fidgeting. She didn’t think she could wait that long. She was about to pop already. She was so full of water, it was like her insides were being drowned. The pressure was moving all the way up to her gut. She tried to hold still in front of Gohan, but it was impossible to do that AND stay dry.

Gohan spoke gently to her; “Bikini, is it really bad? It isn’t healthy to hold it if it’s hurting you. We should try to think of something.”

Bikini’s face and neck felt like they were bursting into flames. Why?! Why was this so embarrassing all of the sudden?! When she’d had emergencies in front of Gohan before, she’d NEVER felt so overwhelmed and flustered when he got concerned. She’d only been grateful for the help. But now, having him worried over her bodily functions was just so… so…

“I guess we could fly around the island,” Gohan said. “I know there are some forests around here, we’ll find you a spot. I’ll keep watch for you, just like when we were little.”

He’d… He’d hear her go… And her bladder had gotten… Embarrassingly large as she’d grown up. When she was desperate, the result would be around three minutes of very heavy gushing. Even Mom had commented on it once after overhearing her pee at home, asking if she was alright.

She blushed harder and harder. The thought of Gohan listening to that…

“Bikini?” Gohan asked. “Ah, no… Is it bad enough that you don’t think you can fly?”

“Wait,” Goku said. “I have a faster idea!”

Bikini looked up at him, she hoped it wouldn’t involve Gohan hearing her… Hearing her spray out a ridiculously long-lasting water-fall…

“They sell hats at some of the gift shop stands,” Goku said. “Put one on, and tuck some of your hair up under it. You don’t have big chest lumps like Bulma, so you’ll look like a boy!”

Bikini’s hands moved from covering her face to shielding her chest instead, going redder than ever. So, even GOKU noticed it, and he didn’t pay much attention to things like that. She’d really been hoping that Goku would be the one person not to realize how different her figure was from her mother’s, or at least the one person not to vocalize the comparison.

But, no. She was so unfeminine that everyone picked up on it.

“KAKAROT!” Vegeta exclaimed, his own face scorching red, but with anger rather than embarrassment. His daughter was so sensitive about her body, and he was woefully unprepared to help her with that. The first time she’d confessed to him that she didn’t think she was pretty, he pointed out her abs, her buff arms… An ideal example of a beautiful Saiyan woman. “You look so much like my mother,” he’d told her. “So strong.”

And, that was when he learned Bikini was actually being BULLIED at school for her muscles, and Vegeta couldn’t wrap his head around that. His mind actually went blank trying to process it. The concept of being picked on for THAT made absolutely no sense to him. On his home-planet, only the scrawny Saiyans, the ones soft around the edges, got taunted in the way Bikini was describing. Her experience sounded completely backwards. “These people who insult you, do they treat Gohan the same way?”

Bikini had shaken her head. “No, it’s the opposite. Gohan gets told he’s handsome and stuff, but they say I’m ugly.”

Vegeta was even more confused. What the Hell?! Why was it okay for Gohan to be buff and strong, but NOT okay for Bikini?! What was the difference?!

It took him a while, and a few more talks, to finally work it out. It was the same thing that was preventing Bikini from relieving herself here at the stadium; Earth’s ridiculous gender nonsense. On Planet Vegeta, female Saiyans had been encouraged to fight. On Earth, this didn’t happen.

So, Bikini was picked on and made to develop these body-image issues of hers, and Kakarot just HAD to go and point out one of biggest ones. “Do NOT comment on my daughter’s body like that. EVER.”

“I— I didn’t mean it in a bad way!” Kakarot stammered. “Honest, I was just trying to think of a way for her to pee, that’s all! Besides, it’s good that she doesn’t have big chest thingies, Chi-Chi says those’re sensitive, so they’d get in the way when she fights!”

Bikini kept shielding her chest, squirming even more now. Vegeta couldn’t tell if that was from the embarrassment, or from her bladder getting even closer to the limit.

“Kakarot, I swear…”

Bikini crossed her legs tightly and released a panicked gasp. “I—I’ll wear the hat, it should work!”

Vegeta tried to calm down. THIS needed to be taken care of. He recognized that look in her eyes, this was an emergency. She needed a toilet NOW. “Go get it, Kakarot.”

Kakarot ran off, and Gohan stood beside Bikini. Her fidgeting increased as he spoke to her. “Sorry about that, you know how my Dad is… He doesn’t think before he speaks. I promise, he didn’t mean anything bad by it.”

Bikini kept pacing in place, her fists clenching. Vegeta hoped Kakarot hurried, and that this stupid plan actually worked. If anyone saw through it and gave Bikini shit, Vegeta would give them Hell in return…

“For what it’s worth,” Gohan said, blushing slightly. “I think you’re pr— Uh, I… I like the way you look.”

Vegeta raised an eyebrow. He’d cut himself off… Had he been about to say what Vegeta THOUGHT he’d been about to say? Vegeta’s own fists tensed. His daughter WAS pretty, but THAT was Kakarot’s son, and— And why was Bikini smiling now?! No. Hell no. There were tons of other men on this planet that HADN’T spawned from Kakarot!

‘They’re friends,’ Vegeta thought, trying to ease his tension. ‘They’re going to stay friends.’

Kakarot got back with the hat, and with her hair hidden, Vegeta did think Bikini looked fairly androgynous. “Try to be fast,” he told her. “I don’t want you to miss anything.”

Bikini kept swaying from foot to foot, confusing Vegeta.

“Bikini—“

“Um… Dad, can you come with me?”

Vegeta hesitated. He didn’t want to do that at ALL. His bladder was aching just badly enough that he couldn’t ignore it. And, the stupid thing was so fucking suggestible. Entering a restroom— Even one that he could NEVER actually use in a million years— and hearing someone else urinate… It would NOT do him any favors. “You are an adult, you’re capable of—“

“I’m nervous…” Bikini said, her knees starting to grind together as she bounced away on her heels. She really, REALLY had to go… Vegeta thought he even saw a little bit of swelling in her middle.

“…Fine, come on…” Vegeta said at last. And, when he saw the way she practically limped the whole way to the restroom, he felt awful for hesitating even those couple seconds. He opened the door for her and ushered her inside, thankful that the room was empty. “Go and… Do what you must do…” he said, trying to brace himself for the onslaught of watery noises that were about to come his way.

Bikini hurried into a stall and locked the door. Vegeta heard her shuffling around for a few more seconds, before a jet of liquid started to flood into the toilet, followed by a contented sigh from his daughter.

Vegeta shifted, his own bladder pinching at him with the desire to do the same thing. He looked away from the stall, and his abdomen even throbbed at the sight of the urinals— He’d NEVER used one of those things in his life, and he was never GOING to, yet somehow they got his bladder spasming anyway.

Bikini was peeing so loudly, too. Her stream seemed to echo as it splashed into the bowl, and it was only growing more intense instead of slowing down. She’d been going for a while and wasn’t even close to being finished.

‘Dammit, why did she have to inherit THAT from me?’ Vegeta thought. Sure, it was convenient for his daughter to also have an enormous bladder, but not when he had to stand around and hold his own piss while she took ages to drain out. His foot started to tap urgently. That sound was going to drive him nuts if it didn’t end soon.

The fact that he was in a room with so many toilets only made it more aggravating. If his stupid body would just cooperate with him and allow him to use one… He knew better than to even try, especially with Bikini in the room. What if she noticed him struggling? The shame would be too much.

Finally, the sound of her faucet died off. A second later, Vegeta was bending at the knees as he endured the noise of the toilet flushing, liquid running through pipes. “Nnnh… Fff—“

Bikini exited the stall.

“S—See?” Vegeta managed. “Th—That wasn’t so bad! Let’s get going, we don’t want to be late!”

They departed from the restroom. And, then Vegeta had been so tense from his own need to relieve himself that he’d ended up destroying the stupid punch machine the tournament used for the preliminaries.

But, he’d helped his daughter that day. In spite of his own awful desperation, he’d forced himself to assist her, like he was supposed to.

He SHOULD be doing the same thing now, regardless of how much it inevitably worsened his discomfort. It would be far from the first time that Bikini had accidentally tormented his bladder.

Even discounting the time at the tournament, she’d gone through an irritating, ‘clingy’ phase when they first returned from Namek. She’d stuck to his side like glue for the first couple days, and he couldn’t even bring himself to ENTER the bathroom with her trying to follow him everywhere. Each night, he’d breathe a sigh of relief once she’d finally gone to bed and he could relieve himself at last.

Then, a couple times when he’d gone to comfort her during a nightmare, he would regret his choice to go directly to her rather than stopping at the restroom first. And now, if they stayed on the ground while sparring, Bikini was at the perfect height that most of her kicks would land against his bladder, which could be brutal depending on how full he was at the time.

His daughter inadvertently doing things to upset his full bladder was common. He was used to it. He needed to just… Let her go, forget about the Hell it would cause him and deal with it. He shouldn’t be forcing her to suffer just because HE couldn’t relieve himself outdoors with the same ease that she could.

But, then he realized how close they were to West City, to relief for BOTH of them. They couldn’t have been more than a few minutes away now. If they continued, they’d both be able to go, and he wouldn’t have to worry about getting himself BACK into the air when his bladder was still right on the verge of exploding. “We’re close,” Vegeta told her.

Bikini wished she could believe him. Her surroundings were all blurring together, and all of her energy was being directed towards keeping that small ring of muscle holding back her pee from breaking. She couldn’t sense any chi, not even her father’s, and he was right beside her.

When she looked below, all she could see was tons of foliage that could use watering, but which her father didn’t want her to use. This had to be endurance training, she was completely sure of that now. It was the only explanation that made ANY sense. Her father wanted her bladder to get stronger, maybe because he’d finally gotten too annoyed by her asking for bathroom breaks when they were training.

She DID do that too often, she thought now. She always held out until they’d finished one exercise and were about to move on to another, but still… She’d say she needed a toilet break at least once in the midst of every third session. And she’d gotten SO desperate at the world tournament, making her father and Goku go through all that trouble to get her to a toilet.

Of course Dad would want her to strengthen her bladder. This was likely just the FIRST step, and she should be anticipating more days just like this one, where he made her wait and wait, even though there were places that she COULD go.

Ugh… She was dreading it. Her bladder was boiling even hotter as she pictured it. Her life was going to get a lot less comfortable. He might even make her increase her fluid intake, and make the time she had to wait between each pee-break longer and longer every day. She imagined herself locked in a state of perpetual desperation, relief becoming little more than a distant fantasy.

Bikini thought she should warn Trunks about this. HE needed breaks more frequently than she did, so it was only a matter of time before Dad put him through this as well.

She also grew more determined to wait this out; She had to show Dad she COULD handle this pressure if she needed to, maybe then he wouldn’t feel the need to train her bladder like he seemed to. He’d be impressed by how resilient she already was, and decide extra endurance trials weren’t actually that necessary.

Bikini had to make him proud, so she had to hold it. Thankfully, she hadn’t experienced any more leaks after that last heart-stopping one, everything else was staying contained in her bladder. If only it would stop lashing so brutally against the crumbling dam of her twitching, exhausted sphincters.

She was still holding it, but truthfully she had no idea HOW she was pulling that off. The tightly wound muscles between her legs were quivering, and she didn’t feel like she was really in control of them anymore. The area between her legs alternated from feeling overwhelmingly pained and completely numb. She wasn’t sure which sensation was worse. The pain was extreme, torturous, but the moments of numbness made her panic. She really felt like her muscles were giving up, and was amazed that nothing had seeped out.

The hand she still had digging against herself was probably more responsible for her continued dryness than anything else was. If she moved that plug, it would only take one spasm before she was drenched. And her bladder was spasming every other second.

She almost wanted to cry with relief when they entered the city and she realized that they actually WERE almost home. Bikini stared down at the streets and the tall buildings below. So many places with bathrooms, so many places she could finally, FINALLY let it all out. She gritted her teeth, she wanted to gasp out a plea; ‘Dad! Can I please, please, PLEASE go to that store down there, please?! They’ll have an actual toilet, so you don’t have to worry about anyone seeing me! PLEASE?’

She stopped herself, holding back the words along with her ocean of pee. Since this was so clearly a bit of endurance training, her father would be BEYOND disappointed if she literally BEGGED him to let her quit when she was so close to the finish line. It would be like tapping out of a fight when her opponent was almost done for.

Bikini had to show him how strong she was, she needed to pass this trial with flying colors.

Vegeta sped up a bit once they’d gotten to the city. He was even more motivated to get home now, his bladder thrashing like mad at all the familiar sights telling it that release was so near. He was waiting for some kind of request from Bikini, though. Now that public restrooms were an option, and— he tried not to seethe with jealousy— she was perfectly capable of using them, he expected her to ask to land here.

He’d have no problem with letting her do that now, either. She would not require him to keep watch for her in an actual restroom. She’d have a door— flimsy though it might be. She just had to say the word and he’d tell her to run into a store and catch back up with him later.

But, she didn’t ask. Her whimpering grew louder, and she fought harder to keep up with him, but she didn’t say anything about stopping at a store. This puzzled him a bit, but they WERE nearly home. Perhaps, even though she physically COULD use public facilities, she still preferred going at home for whatever reason. ‘She has to sit all the way down,’ Vegeta thought. ‘Seems rather unhygienic to do that on a public toilet.’

That made sense. She’d already held it this long, what was a couple more minutes? It was worth it to be able to use a cleaner restroom.

Still… She was grunting and wincing audibly. It was really obvious that this was hurting her. Should HE say something…?

‘Might embarrass her… And if it IS a hygiene thing, I don’t want to make her uncomfortable.’

He just kept flying silently for a bit, then when they were almost at the house, he decided to give her some words of encouragement. This was such an awkward fucking thing to praise her for… “Y—You did it,” he said. “We’re home. Gr—Great job!” He started to land, and he doubled over slightly at the impact of his feet on the ground. He’d done it SO damn gently, too! His insides had gotten shaken to Hell anyway!

“Hahhh—Ahh-!” Bikini exclaimed as she landed. Immediately, she was hopping between her feet, both hands pushed hard into her crotch. “Mmmmf—!” It was like an earthquake was going through her bladder! A few little spurts hissed out in rapid succession, and she could feel the material of her pants growing slightly damp. The leaks burned as they trickled out, her tense muscles trying so, SO hard to keep them back.

Vegeta’s eyes widened with alarm as he realized the even WORSE affect landing had had on his daughter. He shouldn’t have— Oh, she was about to lose it, right in front of the house— The house that was the biggest, most famous building in this entire city! He should have let her squat in the bushes, he shouldn’t have put his own needs and feelings of embarrassment ahead of her! She was going to explode and be humiliated. Her self-confidence was going to deplete, probably all the way back down to nothing. She might even develop Vegeta’s Problem, and it would be ALL his fault!

He rushed over to her, put an arm around her. “C—Come on, Bikini. We’re home. You can’t let yourself lose now, not when you’re so close.”

Bikini tensed every muscle she had. Dad would be so angry if her body gave out and spilled over now, when she’d very nearly succeeded at passing his endurance test. He’d be ashamed and disappointed, she HAD to hold on!

Vegeta helped her inside, and struggled to remember where the nearest bathroom to this particular entrance was. He could only really USE the one attached to his room, so he forgot the locations of all the others often. Which way, which way?

RIGHT, there was one down the left hallway from here! He took her that way, feeling the way she was shuddering and trembling with every step. ‘Dammit, why did I do this? Why didn’t I just— Just— Just… Explain it to her?’

He should have…

He should have just said; ‘Bikini, I know you really need to relieve yourself. You can go in that forest down there, but I’m going to have to come with you to make sure no one spots you. Unfortunately, that’s going to be difficult. You’re not the only one that needs to go, and I… I physically can’t do it around other people. My body… It won’t let me. And, I’m concerned that, if I land, I won’t be able to fly again without urinating first. What do you think we should do?’

If she’d known what his issue was, maybe she could have helped him come up with a solution, one that would allow her to pee before she became such a needy, squirmy mess, and would help him feel secure enough to go himself.

She’d probably come up with something really simple, too. Something he should have been able to think of himself. ‘Dad, after I go, why don’t you just wait there for a few minutes? Once I don’t need to pee anymore, I’ll be able to fly really fast. I can go get Goku and he can teleport you home the rest of the way— I’ll even tell him you just hurt your leg really bad and that’s why you need help.’

Yes… That would have been so much better than what he’d chosen to do instead. His poor daughter was in agony thanks to him, when all he’d needed to do was talk to her.

How many times was he going to fuck up like this? How many times was he going to fail at properly communicating with Bikini? How many times was he going to make situations harder on both of them than they needed to be? How many times until it FINALLY sunk in that being open and honest with his daughter was a positive thing?!

‘Next time,’ he told himself. ‘If something like this ever happens again, you WILL explain your situation to her.’

They reached the door to the restroom, and Vegeta opened it for Bikini. “Th—There,” he said. “You made it. T—Take your time.”

Bikini hurried in, letting the door close behind her. She didn’t bother with the lock, there wasn’t enough time. Her father was out there anyway, she didn’t need to worry about someone accidentally walking in on her.

She DID need to worry about actually getting her pants down, though. Her hands were still stuck between her legs, and she was terrified of what would happen once they were gone. She needed BOTH of them to untie her belt, she’d have to let go of herself completely.

She cringed and bounced in front of the toilet. For a crazed moment, she wished she could just sit right down and piss through her pants. If she were in the bathroom attached to her bedroom, she thought she might. She’d be able to get away with it in that case. She’d pee through her clothes, but it would flow into the toilet bowl, the floor would be spared. She could come out, go to her dresser and change into an identical outfit, toss the soaked clothing in the laundry and no one would know.

This restroom was far from her bedroom, though. She’d have to walk past her Dad, totally drenched, he’d be appalled and ashamed of her. More people might see her on the way to her room.

She HAD to get her belt apart and do this correctly. Hopefully she wouldn’t explode and create a lake on the floor in the time it took her to get her clothes out of the way. She hesitated a few more seconds before yanking her hands free and moving them to her belt. A dismal trickle began to flow immediately, and she was shaking so hard that it took her multiple tries to pull the knot of her belt loose.

Once it was finally out of the way, she shoved her pants down and just collapsed onto the toilet seat. For the first few seconds, she only continued to let go of those uncontainable dribbles, like her body couldn’t believe that her endurance test was truly over and that it was okay to let loose. The drips stung a bit as they plinked out, too, her tortured urethral opening still taut and straining.

She took a deep, shaky breath and let it out slowly, then the flood erupted out, bringing with it the most incredible sensation of relief she’d ever had the pleasure of experiencing. Her bladder, which had felt stretched and bloated beyond belief for hours, was now slowly deflating, and her whole body was shivering from how good it felt. “Ahhhh…”

She was even weirdly proud of herself for making it, despite how long she’d been made to wait. She hoped Dad was proud of her, too. He had to be, she’d passed his test and proven that her bladder was strong.

It was REALLY strong, she was peeing so hard and with so much force, she half expected it to come bursting through the front of the toilet bowl. She wondered if Saiyans could do that… Hopefully she wouldn’t find out today. Her stream also wasn’t slowing down, and her bladder still felt quite full. She’d already been going for two minutes, and her body still had so much left inside of it. She felt like she was going to be here peeing forever, and a part of her wouldn’t even mind that.

It had never, EVER felt this amazing to let it out before. Every nerve ending she had was being inundated with satisfaction and contentment as she kept gushing away with no end in sight. Her legs twitched as she continued to sit there and enjoy it.

It took another minute for her stream to begin dying off, and then yet another for it to draw to a close. Even then, small droplets continued to patter out for a few seconds, before the longest, most desperately needed pee of her life finally concluded. She remained seated there for a bit, catching her breath.

When she stood and pulled up her pants, she felt that they were a bit cold and damp between the legs. She would have to do her best to dry that spot off before she left this room. Dad wouldn’t be happy if he saw that she hadn’t totally made it.

***

Meanwhile, Vegeta had sprinted to his own restroom and was trying like Hell to pee. The urine stretching out his bladder was just refusing to budge, though. And, he knew why. He still felt horrible for how long he’d made Bikini wait, for how he’d nearly FORCED her to wet her pants just because he couldn’t bring himself to have one awkward conversation.

He tried everything to get his bladder to release. He pushed on it— Which inevitably only caused him pain. He turned on the sink— Which only made his need feel more acute and urgent. He put his hand under the warm, running water— Which just got his bladder spasming harder.

He could not go.

He just kept thinking about Bikini, and how stupidly cruel he’d been to her for no decent reason. He’d taken off as soon as she’d shut the bathroom door, he hadn’t been able to hear if she actually made it or not. What if she drenched herself when she saw the toilet? What if she was sitting in there, crying, embarrassed, and unsure what to do? How badly had Vegeta failed her today?

He accepted that his body wasn’t going to let him pee right now. It was going to punish him by making him suffer that awful, insatiable, urgent feeling for a while longer He left the restroom, scowling at the frantic pang from his bladder as he exited. He’d given it a chance to drain, it was its own stupid fault that it hadn’t!

He rushed back down the hallway, every step amplifying the need inside of him. His insides felt like they were coming apart, his back was starting to ache as badly as his bladder. He reached the restroom he’d brought Bikini to, he could hear a sink running and hoped that was a sign she HAD made it. He shifted from foot to foot, impatient, until she finally emerged from the room.

And, she was dry.

Good.

Vegeta hadn’t fucked up THAT bad, at least. He released some air from his lungs, the walls of his bladder tightening in response. “Everything taken care of?”

“Y—Yeah,” Bikini said, smiling at him.

Good, good, she wasn’t angry about—

“I passed the endurance test, right?”

The… The what…?

Confusion joined desperation in Vegeta’s expression. “Endurance test?” He repeated. “What are you talking about?”

It was Bikini’s turn to look perplexed. “The endurance test,” she stated once more. “That’s… That’s why you wanted me to hold it all the way home, isn’t it?”

She’d… Thought he’d been challenging her. She’d thought it was part of her training. He realized she hadn’t been worried about the city’s public facilities being unclean, she’d been convinced that NOT holding it the entire way home would cause him to be disappointed in her.

He HAD fucked up pretty bad.

“Dad?” Bikini asked. “I DID pass, right? Was I supposed to make it all the way to MY bathroom specifically, or—“

“No,” Vegeta interrupted. “No, not at all. That WASN’T an endurance test, it was… It was… Um…” He couldn’t continue. He didn’t WANT to continue. Oh, but he DID. He both YEARNED to tell her the truth so that she’d understand his actions, and feared the outcome of confessing to such a pitiful weakness.

“What WAS it, then?!” Bikini asked, her eyebrows lowering now. Her annoyance was clear. Whenever Bikini’s expression mirrored Vegeta’s, it meant she was getting pissed. “You just FELT like making m—“

“I— I had to go, too,” Vegeta interrupted, bouncing on his heels. “St—Still do, actually.”

Bikini’s frustration only seemed to worsen. “Then, that makes even LESS sense! If you also had to go that whole time, why didn’t you just do it in the woods with me when I asked to stop?! Was it an endurance test for YOU, but I just got stuck along for the ride?”

“No!” Vegeta insisted. “It’s… No. I… No… I just… I have… I have this… Really irritating problem, alright?”

Bikini rolled her eyes. “Yeah. You sure do.”

Vegeta flinched. She was SO mad at him… She had every right to be, but that wasn’t going to make confessing this any easier. “I… I… I need a lot of privacy, alright? When I have to… You know…”

“Most people prefer that, yeah,” Bikini said, still not understanding. “But, when you really have to go, you take what you can get.”

“Th—That’s the thing! My body… It WON’T take what it can get,” Vegeta tried to explain.

“What does THAT mean?”

“It means… Physically, if there’s someone near me, or I feel… Exposed, I’m not able to… To… You know!”

“Wait, Dad, are you saying you have ‘stage-fright’? Is THAT why I’ve never seen you go before?”

“I… I guess that’s one way to describe it,” Vegeta said. “And, well, I wasn’t about to have you pee out in the open without someone keeping watch… And I had to go so desperately myself that I didn’t think I’d be able to get back into the air if I landed… So…”

“You know, if you’d told me, I would have… I dunno, maybe after I peed and could move faster again, I’d head to Goku’s house and ask him to teleport you home the rest of the way? I’d even tell him you’d… Hurt your leg or something, and THAT’S why you needed help.”

It was exactly as he’d imagined it… She would have come up with an easier, simpler solution than both of them suffering the entire way home, if he’d JUST talked to her properly.

“Kakarot is already aware of this… Situation of mine,” Vegeta said.

“Oh, so you COULD tell HIM.”

“It’s not like that, it’s… Incredibly difficult for me to tell ANYONE about this. It basically has to be tortured out of me. And… Realizing that I’d put you in pain for such an idiotic reason IS torture.”

“… Does it hurt?” Bikini asked after a moment.

“What?”

“Well, now I’m thinking about how long you’ve gone without any privacy before. You mean you just have to hold it all that time?”

“Yes…” Vegeta hesitated. “A—And, it DOES hurt…” the warning aches in his back were threatening him, reminding him of just how bad it COULD hurt.

“… I wish you’d just said something.”

“I do as well,” Vegeta admitted. “I shouldn’t have made you wait because I was too ashamed to—“

“I meant, even BEFORE today,” Bikini said. “Seriously, Dad. I can still remember how damn antsy you were every, single time I saw you on Namek. And, in the time chamber? You were always shaking so bad that I thought you were somehow freezing your ass off even when the temperature was sky-high. When I was standing next to you during the Cell Games, you couldn’t even keep your feet still after a while… You try to FIGHT when you’re ready to burst?!”

Vegeta turned more red with every word that came out of her. She… Was really gonna force him to talk even MORE about this, wasn’t she? “Y—Yes… I haven’t got much of a choice in that matter. A lot of my past battles took place while I was… Dealing with other things.” He cleared his throat, and his bladder contracted. “I… Uh, as I said, I still DO need to… Deal with that.”

“Yeah, fine,” Bikini said, watching as he immediately rushed off. “… And I thought it was hard just getting through TODAY like that…” She had no idea how her father dealt with such horrendous amounts of need on what seemed to be a daily basis. Plus, he wasn’t even THAT obvious about how he was holding it in, she’d only ever thought he just looked cold and tense.

***

Vegeta was able to start peeing fairly quickly once he’d returned to his bathroom. His shoulders sagged with relief, and he tried to finish quickly. A part of him was worried that Bikini was still frustrated with him, not that he would blame her.

She’d thought that was endurance training. She’d thought he’d be disappointed in her if she failed it in any way… It was a REALLY good thing she’d made it, having an accident with all THAT on her mind would have been one of the worst things imaginable for her. It wouldn’t have mattered how quickly and frantically Vegeta tried to reassure her.

He probably STILL had to reassure her now even though she HAD made it.

Vegeta finished after several minutes, his back and lower abdomen still sore.

He searched for Bikini’s chi and followed the signal to her room, where he stood awkwardly in the doorway.

“Did… Um… Did ‘it’ work that time?” She asked him.

“Did— Oh, yes. That. It… It did work,” Vegeta said. Dammit, now she was going to be worrying about him, wasn’t she?

That was better than anger, he supposed.

“A—Anyway, I… I just wanted to tell you that, even though that WASN’T an endurance test, you… You DID pass it. I’m proud of you for how you handled that today,” Vegeta said. ‘And for how you put up with me…’ he thought.

“You are?”

“I am,” Vegeta promised.

*002*2025-05-12 20:26

So that you know what she looks like:

&&

&&

*003*2025-05-19 17:09

Bikini and Gohan

Bikini paced around the elevator, clamping her fists open and shut at her sides. She glowered at the door, willing it to open, and for a bathroom to be right on the other side of it. But, neither of these things happened. Her gaze shifted up to Gohan. “You know, if my dad were here, he would say we should—“

“No, Bikini,” Gohan shook his head.

“Because we COULD—“

“No, Bikini,” Gohan repeated.

“It would be better than waiting h—“

“No, Bikini,” Gohan sighed. “We COULD blast the elevator apart, I know, but we shouldn’t. We’d get in a LOT of trouble.” He didn’t even want to think about what his mother would do to him after she found out.

Even if he really, really needed to get out of here soon…

Bikini rocked back and forth on her heels, and Gohan had a feeling she was in the same situation as him. “My mom could pay for the damages…” she suggested lamely.

“Yeah, but it will probably be on the news,” Gohan said. “‘Heiress to Capsule Corporation and her best friend possess weird laser powers,’” he recited. “You remember what we went through at school after Buu, before the dragon erased everyone’s memories.”

“Right,” Bikini said, frowning. She paced in a circle again. “How long do you think we’ll be stuck in here, then?”

“I hope not too much longer,” Gohan said. He REALLY hoped not. He and Bikini had come to the library so that he could help her study for an upcoming test. They’d been trying to get to the top floor which housed some of the books they needed. More importantly to Gohan, the top floor was also where the restrooms were located. He hadn’t used one since earlier that morning, and his bladder was none too pleased with him about that.

He tensed his thighs, trying to calm down his urge. He wouldn’t be able to satisfy it for a little while longer now.

At least Bikini was with him… His body struggled to release unless he’d already been told it was okay to go, a remnant from his training with Piccolo. Bikini, thankfully, never teased him over it, and always gave him the permission he needed.

Occasionally, he got a little shy about asking for it, though…

But right now, he needed to pee so badly that he doubted he’d have any trouble making the request. Desperation would outweigh bashfulness easily enough.

Bikini started to tap her foot quite harshly against the floor, the elevator began to shake and Gohan’s bladder cramped. “E—Easy,” he said. “Pay attention to your strength, you don’t want to bust this thing up, do you?”

Bikini forced her foot to go still, pushing her legs firmly against one another instead. She DID want to bust this thing up, but Gohan had already reminded her of why that would be a terrible decision. That didn’t mean it didn’t tick her off, though. A weak, flimsy elevator shouldn’t have been enough to keep a Saiyan from a bathroom.

And, oh wow, did Bikini ever need a bathroom… She could feel every drop of liquid she’d consumed today sloshing around inside her bladder, piercing away at her opening. Her thighs strained and quivered as she fought to keep it plugged closed. She worried at her lip, and a weird part of her was super paranoid that Gohan could tell she was bursting.

Why did that idea bother her so much, though? She’d unloaded her bladder right in front of him tons of times when they were little kids, and she’d informed him that she needed to go even more times than that! Gohan knew she had to pee sometimes, he knew that she occasionally had to do it really, really bad. She didn’t know why the thought of being desperate in front of Gohan was suddenly the most embarrassing thing in the world. But, it was.

It was SO embarrassing, in fact, that she was trying everything to avoid APPEARING desperate, which severely limited the amount of things she could do to help hold it in. She couldn’t cross her legs or squirm too blatantly, she certainly couldn’t grab herself. She couldn’t bounce up and down— Especially since her strength was enough to shake the elevator around if she did that… She had to just… Try and keep still, clenching all the muscles in her pelvic region as much as she could, and her bladder continued to sear and complain that that was nowhere near enough. But, she just felt too… Too… Something, to let Gohan realize she was having an emergency.

Gohan DID realize it, though. He couldn’t have a person glued to his side from the time he was four years old and NOT become an expert on their mannerisms. Bikini only did that thing with her fists— balling them up tight and then letting them go loose over and over— when she needed to pee. She was doubtless just as uncomfortable as he was.

What he didn’t understand was why she was being silent on the matter. Yeah, even if she told him she really needed to go, there wasn’t much he could do to fix that, but one thing Bikini had inherited from Vegeta was his temper and his penchant for complaining. The fact that she wasn’t ranting aloud about how bad she had to pee was unusual. Her silence in the face of such a frustrating, uncomfortable situation wasn’t like her at all.

It couldn’t have been that she was just embarrassed; That didn’t make any sense. She’d always been pretty open with him about things, ever since they were little. Gohan had needed to TEACH her how to pee outdoors after Piccolo had abandoned them in the wilderness, and HE’D been more embarrassed by that than she was!

Gohan had been clinging to Bikini, admittedly. He’d just been so scared, alone in the woods with no adults around, no one to feed him or take care of him. Bikini was just as helpless as him, but just being with someone else— rather than completely alone— made him feel less frightened. He assumed the same was true for her, because she kept talking to him, desperate to fill the silence.

She’d told him about how her mother used to go on big adventures, and that they could pretend they were doing the same thing and could go home whenever they wanted. She’d told him that she thought Piccolo was right and that they really DID have powers, because she’d accidentally thrown ‘pew-pews’ out of her hands when she was upset about something. “That’s how come Mama had to take me out of my first school. ‘Cause everyone got really scared.”

“I think my Dad calls those chi blasts,” Gohan told her.

“Oh,” Bikini said.

“You did that at school?”

“I didn’t mean to,” Bikini said, looking bashful now. “I didn’t even know I could do it. I got scared, too… But then the other kids said I must have been a monster ‘cause I have a tail and lights come outta my hands, and I just got real sad…” She paused. “That Raditz guy that took us was a monster… He had a tail, and he could throw pew-pews…”

“I don’t think that means you’re a monster, too,” Gohan said. “My Dad can do all that stuff, and he USED to have a tail, but he’s not a monster,” he reasoned.

“… Your daddy used to have a tail?” Bikini asked.

Gohan nodded. “Yeah. He told me about it because I wondered why I had one, when no one else does. He said I got it from him.”

“My Mama’s never had a tail though,” Bikini said. “Where’d mine come from?”

“Did your daddy ever have one?”

Bikini frowned and shook her head. “I dunno… I never met my daddy.”

“Oh no, maybe after the dragon balls bring my dad back to life, we can use them again to bring yours back too.”

“I think he’s alive,” Bikini said. “Mama told me he just never came back. Do you think he didn’t want me ‘cause I have a tail?”

Gohan shook his head. “No, that doesn’t sound right… Your tail had to have come from him if your mom’s never had one. Maybe he’s really busy, but he’s gonna come home someday.”

It was a nice thought. She had a clear image in her head of what her father would be like. He’d have black hair, like hers. He’d be handsome, like a prince, because Mama was as pretty as a princess. He’d protect her and mama from bad people like the guy who’d kidnapped her and Gohan. He wouldn’t get scared when she accidentally shot those chi-blast thingies, he’d say they were neat and that it was okay as long as she didn’t break anything.

But, something nagged at her. It had been ever since Piccolo had left them here, with that big speech about how he was sure they had hidden powers, and would be useful in the fight against that mean Saiyan’s friends. She had tried to ignore it, but it was starting to feel more like lying to herself.

“If my daddy has a tail, doesn’t that mean he has to be a Saiyan?”

Gohan frowned, biting his lip. He had assumed the same thing, but hadn’t wanted to bring it up in case it scared her. “Maybe… I— I guess maybe there could be other kinds of aliens with tails…”

Other kinds of aliens. Meaning he thought it was impossible for Bikini to be fully human. He had to be right about that, too. There were lots and lots of people in the city where Bikini lived. She’d never seen a single one with a tail. She’d never seen anyone with a tail on TV, either. Humans didn’t have tails, aliens did.

“But, if he’s a Saiyan, then that means he IS coming home, right? Unless he was…”

“I don’t think the one that kidnapped us was your dad,” Gohan said. “‘Cause, then your mom would have recognized him. But, she didn’t. Your dad must be one of the two that are still coming here.”

“So, my dad’s evil?” Bikini’s eyes burned a little. Mama sometimes got upset during the rare occasions she brought up Bikini’s father, but it was always because she was mad at him for leaving. Bikini had never thought he’d be evil.

“M—Maybe not,” Gohan tried to reassure her, but really he couldn’t see any way around it. Those two Saiyans were coming to destroy Earth and steal the dragon balls to make themselves immortal. The other Saiyan had gotten Gohan’s father killed. He couldn’t imagine that Bikini’s father had any good in him. Still, he didn’t want her to think that. “You heard what the pineapple head guy said, the Saiyans do bad stuff because it’s their job. So, maybe if your dad got a different job…” It sounded silly to him. Even at his young age, the reasoning seemed too childish. “M—Maybe he’s just doing it because it’s all he knows how to do.”

Bikini didn’t look convinced by any of it, but hesitantly, she replied; “If… If I find out which one of them is my daddy, or… Oh, what if he recognizes me? Maybe I look like him— He’ll at least spot my tail, anyway. He might recognize me, and he won’t wanna do anything bad to the Earth ‘cause he won’t wanna hurt me?”

Gohan nodded slowly. The idea was overly optimistic, and he was pretty sure they both knew it. At most, if her father recognized her as his child, he might spare HER specifically, just to take her into space and involve her in whatever he was doing out there.

“It sounded like the Saiyans must be really lonely,” Bikini said. “They have to stay in those little spaceships, like the one the pineapple guy had, all by themselves. And, it didn’t sound like he and the others were friends with each other… Maybe my daddy needs a friend.”

Gohan didn’t know how to respond. Yes, it had sounded like the Saiyans were lonely, but it also sounded like that was what they preferred. Bikini’s father might not want a friend. The idea that she could soften him by showing him kindness and companionship was a nice thought, but it didn’t seem possible.

Then again, maybe Gohan was wrong. He had not met Bikini’s father yet, he was just making assumptions based on how the other Saiyan had acted. Gohan’s own father was a Saiyan, and he was the best person Gohan knew. There could be some goodness in Bikini’s dad, however small.

They talked for a while longer, each one breaking into tears randomly whenever the heavy reality of their situation set in again. There eventually came a point where Bikini got very, very quiet. She didn’t respond to Gohan’s questions right away, and seemed distracted by something else. She kept glancing all around the area, her expression becoming more uncertain and anxious each time.

It worried Gohan. What if her ears were better than his, and she was able to hear some kind of beast approaching? But, this part of the desert was really open, there was no place for a huge creature like that to hide out. Something else must have been bothering her.

Gohan couldn’t think about that for long, though. He had been ignoring the call of nature for a while by then. He didn’t want to stop holding Bikini’s hand, and he felt a little shy about going in front of her.

But, he couldn’t put it off forever. He’d be more embarrassed if he had an accident, and wouldn’t quite know how to clean himself up after it, either.

His mom had told him it was rude to go pee out in the open like his dad did sometimes, but Mom had likely never imagined Gohan would be forced to live in the wilderness for a year without access to a bathroom.

Mom had also told him he had to be extra polite to girls, because girls were more squeamish. “You need to be a good, little gentleman, Gohan,” she’d said.

“Um… E—Excuse me,” Gohan said. “I’ll be back in a minute.” He scurried off. The only thing he could find was a big rock that didn’t really give him much cover. When he glanced back and saw how confused Bikini looked— not to mention how frightened she was to be separated from him even for a moment— he felt more awkward.

Still, he’d already waited too long, so he did what he had to do as quickly as he could. He swore Bikini made some weird sound once she realized what he was doing, but he tried to brush it off after he’d finished.

When he returned to Bikini and took her hand again, he felt a little bad about it. He’d just gone pee, but hadn’t washed his hands afterwards, and now he was touching her. That probably wasn’t being ‘a good, little gentleman’ like Mom said. But, there wasn’t a sink out here.

Bikini wriggled and he hoped that didn’t mean she was getting grossed out.

She remained quiet and twitchy, and Gohan kept worrying. Was she disgusted because he’d had to use the bathroom like that? Mom said girls were squeamish! Bikini’s tail kept waving at a high speed, the fur puffing out. He continued to worry until he saw Bikini kind of double over with a yelp. Then, he stopped worrying and started panicking.

He thought about things he’d read in books that could cause such sudden behavior, and immediately grew terrified that Bikini’s appendix must have ruptured. The medical textbooks Mom had made him read had told Gohan what all the symptoms were, but not how to surgically remove someone’s appendix with whatever random stuff he could find in a desert. What could they do?! Piccolo had left them all alone, and now Bikini was super sick, and she was gonna die without medical care, but there was no way for Gohan to get her to a hospital!

“What’s wrong?!” Gohan asked. “Are you okay?! Maybe if I yell loud enough, Piccolo will come back since it’s an emergency!”

“I h—have to tinkle,” Bikini managed. “Real bad!”

“O—Oh…” Gohan relaxed a bit, but a bit of a blush formed on his cheeks. He’d been clinging onto her for too long, not realizing that she needed some alone time… “Okay.” He released her hand. He turned in the opposite direction, shut his eyes for good measure, and then put his hands over his ears. “Go ahead. I’m not gonna peek!”

There was silence, save for the rustling of Bikini’s clothes as she squirmed, and an urgent grunt. Confused, Gohan uncovered his ears and turned back around. “I’m not gonna peek any,” he said once more. “Promise.”

Bikini just gestured vaguely at their surroundings.

“You… Want somewhere with more cover?” Gohan guessed. “We can try to find a better spot, if—“

“There’s no toilets,” Bikini said.

“I know,” Gohan said. “But, it’s okay to go pee outside if there’s nowhere else to do it. My dad said so. Besides, there’s no one around that will punish you.”

Bikini stared back at him, perplexed. “But…” Her brows knit. A few ideas and images flashed through her mind, but none of them looked right. “Um…”

“Wait, you’ve never gone outside, have you?” Gohan asked. “Not even once?” No wonder it was stressing her out, then! She’d never been told that this was okay to do. “I promise, nothing bad will happen. I did it too earlier, remember?”

Bikini shook her head. “I’ve never been anywhere without a bathroom before! I didn’t think you could go without one!”

“Y—Yeah, you can…” Gohan said. “People didn’t even invent toilets for a really long time, you know. So, they used to just do it outside.”

“… Even the girls?”

Finally, Gohan realized what the problem was. “Ohhh…” he felt his face getting warmer. “You mean you… Don’t know how…” This was more awkward. But, Bikini couldn’t even hold still anymore. He didn’t want her to have an accident and have to feel grimy and embarrassed, either.

“O—Okay,” Gohan said. “Don’t worry. I read this book once where some girl explorers had to disguise themselves as boys to sneak into a place. There was a part where they all needed to go pee, but they had to wait for the boys to go to sleep so the disguise would keep working. And they couldn’t act like they NEEDED to go in case the boys got suspicious of them for fidgeting. They also had to focus on what the boys were saying because they were trying to get information from them, but that was hard since they kept getting distracted by needing to—”

“Can’t hold it…” Bikini whimpered.

“R—Right!” Gohan said. Maybe he should save the book report for later… “Anyway, the point is, when they got to pee, they had to go outside, and the book described how it worked, so I think I can help.”

“Okay, hurry?”

Gohan nodded. He needed to hurry, but he still felt a bit bashful about the whole thing. Bikini didn’t seem that embarrassed, though… Just desperate and hopeful. He probably shouldn’t have been more embarrassed than she was.

“Okay,” Gohan said. “I’m not gonna take anything off but, um, it said the girls pulled down their pants and crouched… Kinda like this…” He squatted down, taking the same position he figured the girls in the book had. “And… Yeah. That’s how you do it.”Something occurred to him. “O—Oh! YOU probably gotta raise your tail up before you start going, though!” He was almost a little proud of himself for remembering that, even though no one in the book had had a tail.

Bikini nodded. It didn’t look too hard to do.

Gohan turned back around again, closing his eyes and covering up his ears. “No peeking, promise!”

He heard some shuffling of clothing and then the pattering of liquid as Bikini sighed. He felt weirdly pleased with himself for solving this ‘crisis’, maybe he and Bikini could get through this situation if they just took it step by step and thought through every problem they came across.

Over time, they got pretty comfortable with peeing near each other. It stopped being that embarrassing, and it was easiest if they just both went at the same time so that it would be finished faster. It wasn’t a big deal. It was such a little deal that they would usually keep talking to each other while they were going.

When Piccolo came back and started to train them, Bikini STILL wasn’t ashamed of peeing when Gohan was around. At first, Piccolo couldn’t grasp that urination was something the two Saiyans NEEDED to do and weren’t capable of putting off forever. So he wouldn’t give them breaks when asked, telling them to just toughen up instead. They both had several accidents before Piccolo realized that emptying one’s bladder wasn’t optional.

So, he worked out a schedule for them to take breaks, deciding to only let them go when it became absolutely necessary. Meaning, when they were both moments away from wetting themselves.

Gohan, for the most part, obeyed this. It was really, really hard to wait so long to pee, but he didn’t want to make Piccolo angry or disappoint him, so he held on and waited for the command to go. The few times he had a dire emergency and tried to go before permission had been granted, Piccolo would order him to stop before he was done and then give him a series of exercises as punishment. Being forced to resume holding it when he still needed to go was so painful that it was easier just to wait until the proper time.

Bikini, on the other hand, was a bit more rebellious about it. If she needed to go really badly before it was time for a break, she would first say; “Piccolo, I have to go tinkle now.” But, when Piccolo inevitably told her she needed to wait, she would just frown and say; “I wasn’t ASKING you, I was TELLING you that I’m gonna tinkle.” And, then she’d just run behind a rock or something and do it.

Piccolo would order her to stop without finishing, just like he did to Gohan, but Bikini wouldn’t comply with that. She’d go until she was all done. This would prompt Piccolo to give her harsher drills as punishment, but she remained defiant. “Joke’s on you! The extra training’s just gonna make me stronger, and that means I’m gonna beat you!”

Looking back, it was pretty fascinating how much ‘Vegeta’ Bikini had had in her before the two had even met. The whole ‘nature vs nurture’ thing…

Gohan always kind of wished that he’d followed Bikini’s lead in that regard, disobeying Piccolo more often when he needed to pee badly enough, and letting himself finish up before receiving his punishment. Maybe if he’d done that, then his body wouldn’t STILL think that it needed permission before emptying.

She continued to have no qualms peeing near him when they went to Namek. Namek didn’t have restrooms, so whenever they were together, she would tell him when she had to go so he could help her find somewhere private. Meanwhile, since Gohan had discovered that his bladder wouldn’t let itself relax unless he’d been told to pee, he could always just ask her. That was much easier than trying to explain to the Namekians— who didn’t have bladders— what he needed to hear.

He saw her have another accident while they were there. They’d been busy fighting the ginyus for a while, and when they finally got a break, she’d tugged on his arm and told him that she really, really needed to go. But, before Gohan could find her a spot, Captain Ginyu showed up in his father’s body, so Bikini had no choice but to wait a little longer.

She hadn’t been able to join in the fight in that condition, and the oddest thing happened. At first, Vegeta started to yell at her that she couldn’t just stand on the sidelines and do nothing, but then he seemed to look at her more closely before telling her that it was alright “just this once”.

By the end of the battle, Captain Ginyu had accidentally transferred himself into the body of a frog, eventually hopping onto Bikini’s head.

That was when Gohan discovered Bikini must have had a really bad case of ranidaphobia, because she froze, screamed and started to wet herself.

Gohan hurried over and tossed the frog off of her, trying to assure her that it was alright. Bikini continued to panic once she’d realized that she’d had an accident. “Don’t let Dad find out!”

Gohan could understand her anxiety. He was sure Vegeta wouldn’t be pleased to see his child had soaked herself in fear of a frog, right after she’d made no attempt to join the most recent fight. Before he could think of a way to hide what had happened, Vegeta had already come over.

“Bikini, I believe Frieza’s ship is empty now, I know where its facilities are. Come with m—“ Vegeta broke off when he saw the condition of Bikini’s clothing.

Bikini trembled, staring down at the ground, unable to meet his gaze.

Gohan saw that Vegeta was shaking in a strange way, too. A flash of something appeared in his eyes, but he wasn’t sure what it was.

“… The ship does have places where you can clean yourself.” Vegeta swallowed audibly. “And… You are a Saiyan. You SHOULD be wearing armor, like mine. I’m sure I can find some that will fit you.”

At the time, that was the weirdest thing Gohan had ever seen in his life. Vegeta was speaking softly for once, and it was almost like he cared about something other than himself. Bikini had done something that Vegeta HAD to consider ‘weak’, but instead of berating her, it looked like he wanted to make it better?

Vegeta turned back towards Goku, pointed angrily at the frog, and shouted; “See, Kakarot? He’s STILL a danger. He has terrorized my daughter so severely that she’s lost bladder control. You HAVE to let me kill him now.”

Goku still told him not to, and the two argued for a couple more minutes before Vegeta led the group to the healing tanks onboard the ship so that Goku could recover. Then, swiftly, Vegeta took Bikini off to another area.

Gohan wasn’t sure what happened while Bikini and her father were alone, but when they got back, Bikini was wearing an outfit that matched Vegeta’s, and Vegeta had his hand on her shoulder.

Vegeta was still really twitchy, though. He continued to act weird, antsy and preoccupied with something, as he retrieved armor for Gohan and Krillin to wear as well. Krillin eventually asked him if something was bothering him, but Vegeta just kept snapping at him that nothing was wrong. Gohan didn’t believe him. Looking at his friends, he could tell that Krillin and Bikini didn’t, either.

Gohan and Bikini ran outside to test their new armor, and the next time they saw Vegeta, the twitching was gone. It must not have been anything serious.

Gohan was relieved later on, when Bikini had to pee again and didn’t hesitate to tell him. He’d been afraid that the accident would make her feel too ashamed to do it. But, she still had no problem mentioning it.

After Namek, everyone who’d been killed by Frieza was brought back to life— Including Bikini. Gohan had run over and given her a tight, firm hug, overjoyed that he hadn’t lost his best friend permanently. But, Bikini just panicked and writhed in his arms, begging him to let go and stop squeezing.

Uncertain, Gohan released her and tried to see if any of the injuries Frieza had given her remained. Frieza had… Really, really hurt her. He’d had Vegeta in a chokehold, wrapped up in his tail, and Bikini hadn’t been able to stand it. She’d bolted for the tyrant, chi charged in her hands.

Vegeta’s eyes had blown wide; “No! Fuck off!” He’d shouted. “Get away!”

Bikini’s face fell a bit, but she was still determined. Gohan had begged her to come back as well, but he could understand her actions. He’d done basically the same thing when Raditz had been attacking his own father.

Bikini lunged at Frieza, but her energy blasts weren’t enough to leave a scratch on him. He’d just laughed coldly. “Oh, what’s this? It’s your little spawn, Vegeta…”

“N—Not mine…” Vegeta insisted, voice broken and hoarse as Frieza continued to squeeze his throat. “Kakarot’s…”

Bikini’s eyes welled up with tears, more chi building in her palms. “Daddy, I’ll beat him!” She said. “Just like you want me to!”

Vegeta shuddered.

Frieza’s gaze shifted back to Vegeta with another laugh. “I see… So THAT’S what possessed you to mate with an inferior species… A little ‘insurance plan’, was she? Just in case YOU turned out to be as pathetic as I’ve always thought you were?” He tightened his tail, and Vegeta gasped.

“Well, sorry to say, but that’s not going to work out for you, either,” Frieza hissed. “I destroyed her tail and removed it with ease, as you saw. Breaking what’s left of her will be just as simple.” He swished his tail, tossing Vegeta into a nearby wall of rock. “Watch this, prince. I don’t want you to miss a second of it!”

Vegeta groaned and tried to get up, only managing to sit up partway, just enough to see Frieza stalking toward his daughter as she backed away from him. Her fists were still raised, still sparking with energy, but any determination she’d had earlier was gone.

Vegeta attempted to speak, but only managed to cough out a few spurts of blood.

Gohan didn’t want to watch what came next, but found he couldn’t look away from it. Frieza grabbed Bikini in his tail, just as he’d done to Vegeta earlier, then walked back over to where Vegeta lay. “Do NOT shut your eyes…” He commanded. “Do NOT turn away. You can either watch this, or you can die.”

But, much like Gohan, Vegeta didn’t even seem capable of averting his gaze.

From what Gohan had seen, Frieza usually killed quickly when his victim was unable to put up a fight. He’d taken out the Namekians who’d stood in his way with one blast. It was over in an instant. Bikini couldn’t put up a fight against him, even her strongest attacks did nothing to him.

Everything he did over the next several minutes was entirely unnecessary. And, those minutes must have felt like an eternity to Bikini. Gohan realized he was crying partway through it, but he wasn’t sure when he’d started. He was disturbed when he began to hope Frieza would just hurry up and kill her so that she wouldn’t have to feel anything anymore.

He finished her off, tossing her body to the side and smirking at Vegeta. “So much for that little idea.”

Vegeta didn’t say anything, instead letting out a strange, inhuman noise which took a few seconds for Gohan to register as a sob. Vegeta was crying. Gohan had never thought that was even possible.

“Cry all you want,” Frieza said. “It won’t change the fact that you’re such a sorry excuse for a warrior that you couldn’t even rescue your own flesh and blood.”

Gohan thought it looked like Vegeta's hair was flickering for a second, just a sudden shock of brightness that was gone as quickly as it appeared. But, it may have just been a trick of the light.

Now that Bikini had been revived, none of the injuries remained on her body. She was fully healed. But, she was still acting like she was in a lot of pain. Were the wounds able to hurt her even though they weren’t visible anymore?

“Gohan! Please, please, find me somewhere to tinkle!” Bikini exclaimed, bouncing rapidly in place.

Oh…

Gohan almost laughed— Not because he wanted to make fun of her, of course. But, after what Frieza had put her through, it was such a relief to learn her discomfort was from something so simple, easy to remedy.

It made sense, too. Gohan supposed her body was probably trying to catch back up with itself now that she’d come back to life. The Namekians just hadn’t been in a similar state of panic because they didn’t have the same needs as Saiyans.

Gohan turned to the side curiously. It was kind of weird that Vegeta seemed alright. He just had that weird twitchy thing going on again, and he was blushing harder than Gohan had ever seen anyone blush before. Bikini must have embarrassed him by being so loud and direct.

“Yeah, of course,” Gohan said. “I’m sure there’s a good spot around here.”

“Hurry!” Bikini begged, clutching onto his arm.

Now, he didn’t think that her sudden shyness was simply due to growing older. All that ‘girls are squeamish’ stuff Mom had told Gohan about didn’t seem to apply to Bikini. Frogs were about the only thing that really disgusted her and, particularly after spending more time with her father, her manner of speaking could get pretty vulgar, as well as her sense of humor.

One thing Gohan liked about Bikini was that when he lost control of himself and got worked up into too big of a rage, she could usually say something that would make him laugh enough to calm back down. He appreciated this immensely. His anger could be a very good thing when he needed a way to tap into his strength. But, when something made him flare up outside of a battle, or he lost himself in a fight and started to go too far, he’d need a way to turn it off quickly.

Gohan seriously lost it when fighting Cell. Partway through the fight, he’d known that he would be able to kill the monster easily whenever he chose to. But, he couldn’t stop picturing all the pain and devastation Cell had caused, all the lives he’d taken, his cruelty to Android 16— Who couldn’t even be revived. A part of him wanted to make Cell suffer as long as possible, and that part was stronger than the rest of him.

He could hear all of his friends yelling at him to end it, telling him that there was no telling what Cell would do now that he’d been backed into a corner. Gohan had to put a stop to it before Cell had the chance to try anything else. But, Gohan was so furious that he barely heard them.

Bikini then attempted her usual strategy of making Gohan laugh, adding some levity to calm him down and bring him back to reality. “Please finish it NOW, Gohan! If I don’t get to pee soon, I'LL destroy the planet by exploding!”

And the thing was, it nearly worked.

If it weren’t for Cell smirking and continuing to taunt him, Gohan may have been able to see reason through the cloud of his rage for just long enough to destroy Cell.

Unfortunately, Cell was way too good at pushing his buttons.

After the fight finally DID end, it turned out Bikini hadn’t just been joking around. She ran straight to the restroom once they got to Dende’s lookout, emerging a few minutes later to complain about how the lock on the door didn’t work.

For some reason, that news seemed to really tick Vegeta off, making him grimace and fidget. Gohan wasn’t sure why. He’d noticed Vegeta was quite protective of his daughter— though he tried his best not to show it— but if anyone there REALLY wanted to peek at her, a functional lock wouldn’t help that much.

Besides, Master Roshi wasn’t even there, so Vegeta was worrying for nothing.

He and Bikini would later attend the same school. Bikini had had a lot of issues going to schools in West City. Bulma had pulled her out of her first one after she’d accidentally shot out chi-blasts in front of everyone. Then, when she tried attending school again later on, she had extreme difficulty controlling her powers. Her palms sparked when she was anxious or angry, there was an incident where something startled her and she flew and literally hit the ceiling. Tests stressed her out so much that she’d accidentally singe the paper they were printed on.

She said her parents argued about it a lot. Vegeta insisted all of this was a sign that Earthling school was no place for a Saiyan, and that anything Bikini needed to learn could be taught at home, in the gravity chamber. Bulma said there were plenty of other subjects she needed to understand, besides fighting.

She told Vegeta to just train her to control her chi a little better. Which, of course had enraged him. “She DOES know how to control it!”

“She shouldn’t be sparking every time she gets a little nervous,” Bulma said. “There’s a technique for that, isn’t there? Just explain it to her.”

“Th—There’s no technique,” Vegeta said firmly. “It’s just… Just how Saiyans are. It’s a fact of life.”

“Really,” Bulma sighed. “GOKU never did it.”

That just provoked Vegeta further, and the argument went on. Bikini listened to them fight, feeling terrible for making them do it.

It wasn’t until Bulma kept asking Vegeta why he was so reluctant to help Bikini with this, refusing to let up, that any real progress was made.

Vegeta told her again and again that there simply WAS no solution, and Bulma repeatedly brought up how Goku could control himself.

And then, she noticed Vegeta’s palms start to glow, the tips of his fingers fizzing with energy. Bulma was sure it had happened to him before, and she just hadn’t noticed it.

“Oh…” Bulma said.

Vegeta wasn’t REFUSING to teach Bikini how to restrain her nervous energy, he just had no idea HOW to. He couldn’t do it himself.

Bulma stopped pushing him, but the problem remained. Bikini was getting picked on and called a freak at school, and the rumors were even starting to effect Capsule Corporation’s business. Bulma finally decided that the best thing to do was take Bikini out of school while they thought of a more permanent solution.

The issues arose when Bikini became too angry or anxious. Being in an environment where she got bullied and everyone thought she had something horribly wrong with her was going to make those emotions impossible to tamp down.

For a few years, Bikini was educated at home. It wasn’t very easy. Bulma was so busy most of the time. She managed to strong-arm Vegeta into taking part in it, but expecting an alien to be able to teach certain subjects was just preposterous. Vegeta knew very little of Earth’s history, for example. The units of measurement he was familiar with came from other planets, so certain math subjects were incomprehensible to him, too.

Eventually, Chi-Chi told Bulma that Gohan would be attending a high school in another city, and Bulma thought THAT was the perfect answer. Bikini could have a fresh start where none of her classmates would know her— Except for one. And, THAT one would be someone she was comfortable around, someone that cared about her and might even be able to help her with her ‘sparking’ issue.

Bulma pulled some strings to ensure Bikini would have EVERY class with Gohan and, for the most part, that seemed to help.

Bikini was STILL bullied a bit, though. But, now it wasn’t because random bursts of electricity kept exploding out of her hands. Now, it was because some of her classmates thought it was weird for a girl to be so buff. She was teased relentlessly for her flat chest as well. Every afternoon, she’d come home and ask when she was finally going to look more like her mother. She’d look at herself in the mirror, and the muscles she’d always been SO proud of would start to look more like hideous deformities.

At school, Gohan found himself defending her a lot, both because the teasing got her angry enough to spark, and because what they were saying was so untrue and cruel!

Bikini wasn’t ugly. Gohan had always, ALWAYS thought that she was cute. Part of why her vulgar humor could make him laugh so much was because it was just so at-odds with how adorable she was. This tiny princess making jokes about burping, or threatening to make someone sniff her feet after a long day of training… If that sort of thing had come from somebody who looked like Yamcha, it wouldn’t have made Gohan laugh. But, from Bikini, it was hilarious.

It confused him how anyone could look at Bikini and NOT think she was cute. It angered him, too. It was the first time he really noticed anyone treating Bikini differently just because she was a girl. It seemed to be the first time she was noticing it, too.

Piccolo had treated Gohan and Bikini exactly the same— Which made sense, considering his species was sexless, it wouldn’t have occurred to him. Gohan’s father had little concept of gender, either. Vegeta said there was little distinction between men and women on his home-planet, they even dressed virtually identically… Apart from Krillin maybe being a TINY bit more protective of Bikini than he was of Gohan, it had never mattered.

Now that they were getting older, it suddenly did, and Gohan didn’t like it. He didn’t like how Roshi was starting to look at her differently, and he didn’t like how Bikini was being picked on for something that he himself was praised for. His classmates thought HIS muscles were cool, they should have treated Bikini the same way.

That was why Gohan was glad when Videl started spending time with them. Some of the teasing stopped after that, because everyone loved Videl’s dad so much and didn’t want to mess with any of her friends. Unfortunately, Gohan could tell that a lot of damage had already been done. Bikini came to school in long-sleeved sweaters that hid a lot of her body. When he came over to Capsule Corp one day, he caught her trying to stuff her bra with cotton balls, prompting her to burst into tears of embarrassment.

He’d held her then, telling her that he’d never make fun of her for that. He unfortunately felt really out of his depth. He could tell her that he liked her appearance all he wanted, but Bikini still felt so insecure. He wanted to tell her that he thought her breasts were fine the way they were, but had enough sense to realize that wouldn’t go over as well as he wanted it to.

She kind of clung onto Gohan at school, just like he’d done to her in the woods all those years ago. He didn’t mind it, really. Since his body STILL had that annoying quirk about not letting him pee without verbal permission, having her there with him at all times was helpful.

It made the occasions he had to leave class and transform into his Saiyaman costume a little extra nerve-wracking, though. He had to go out as Saiyaman because he was so worried about Videl fighting crime on her own, the possibility she could be hurt. But, it was hard to leave the school because he was ALSO worried about Bikini being on her own, the possibility she could lose control and let out some sparks in front of everyone.

School, which should have been EASY considering he’d studied high school-level material as a toddler, became a very stressful experience for Gohan.

It got worse after he’d used ‘I need to pee’ as an excuse to get out of class one too many times and lost the privilege of taking restroom breaks. Meaning he wasn’t able to use the bathroom when he actually really NEEDED to. He could only pee in between classes now.

The first day with that rule had been tough. Bikini had stayed home— Gohan wasn’t sure if she was sick, or if Vegeta had made her take the day off to train. Both of those had happened before. But, without her there, and with his teachers refusing to let him use the bathroom, he had no one to get permission from and was stuck holding it in the entire day. He’d very nearly wet himself.

After that, he’d had no choice but to try and explain his odd situation to Videl too, hoping that between the two of them, he’d always have SOMEONE to ask.

A few weeks into the school year, Gohan had gotten roped into competing in the World Martial Arts Tournament, and it was THERE that Gohan started to notice Bikini was acting differently about needing to pee around him.

She’d needed to go BAD before the preliminaries started, but the women’s room line was ridiculously long and there was no way she could get through it without missing the fights. Once he knew what was going on, Gohan offered to help her find somewhere else to pee, and she’d gotten… kind of weird about it. She blushed a ton, stammered, and didn’t seem to know how to respond.

She’d gone with a solution his father suggested instead, kind of disguising herself so she could use the men’s bathroom. Bikini had gotten nervous about going in there and asked Vegeta to accompany her. Gohan didn’t think that was TOO odd, of course she would want her father. Those two had become incredibly close in the years since the Cell Games, it only made sense that his presence would be calming to her.

But, the blushing and stuttering… That had never happened before.

Then again, Gohan had kind of done the same thing around her. Not about needing to pee, but about trying to re-assure her about her looks. He’d very nearly called her pretty, but something made him stop and just mumble that he liked the way she looked.

Something had changed. Gohan wasn’t sure when it had happened, but now he and Bikini randomly felt awkward around one another for seemingly no reason at all. Things that had once been perfectly easy to do together or say to each other were suddenly a lot harder.

After all, Gohan still hadn’t told her that HE needed to pee right now, either. Just like her, he was wriggling his feet in the elevator, silently suffering through his desperation. He knew he had to say something eventually, he’d need Bikini to give him permission once they finally got out of here. That was one of the things that had suddenly become difficult to do, he’d never hesitated to ask Bikini if he could pee in the past, but these days the action made him blush and flash hot and cold. He just wished he knew why so that he could get over it.

He understood why asking Videl was sometimes more challenging; They hadn’t grown up together, Videl hadn’t been present for Piccolo’s training so that she could fully understand the reason behind Gohan’s struggle. Bikini HAD always been there, though! Why did he feel nervous around her, too?

He squeezed his eyes closed, he needed to power through this. Sooner or later, she would have to find out that he needed to pee, if he told her NOW he’d be free to squirm without her thinking he was being weird. “Bikini…?” He mumbled. “I need to use the bathroom…”

Bikini had been lost in her own struggle, but looked back up after hearing that. “I don’t think I should give you permission right now,” she said. “Unless you’re ready to blast open the doors after all.”

Gohan flinched. “No, Bikini. We still can’t do that.”

Bikini groaned, fidgeting her legs. “I wish we could. If my dad were here, he’d give a whole speech about how ridiculous this is, that a flimsy metal box could imprison a Saiyan.” Her dad would be proud of her if she just INSISTED on blowing the doors apart to secure their freedom!

But, she had been trying NOT to be as impulsive and destructive when she was with Gohan. She knew he didn’t LIKE the “effects their Saiyan biology had on their emotional regulation”. She didn’t totally know what all of that meant, but she got the gist of it; They weren’t supposed to let themselves explode and destroy stuff, like Bikini’s dad did, if they could help it.

“Yeah, if he were here, he probably would have broken everything by now,” Gohan agreed. “Broken it even more than it already is, I mean.”

She could easily picture that. Even if the frustration of being stuck somewhere didn’t push Dad over the edge, the second he realized Bikini NEEDED something, that would be his cue to do what was necessary to get it for her. Oh, he’d act like her discomfort had nothing to do with it, but Bikini would know; His protective instincts were something he could never fully hide from her.

But, Gohan was protective of her, too. It had annoyed her when she was little, because she thought he just didn’t believe she was a decent fighter on her own and always needed someone else defending or rescuing her. But, now she understood that he just never wanted to lose her again, and that wasn’t irritating at all. It was sweet, to think that SHE was one of the most important things to him whenever they were in a dangerous situation.

Maybe if she TOLD him she had to go, he’d let her blast this thing to bits? Her bladder leapt at the thought— She could be just a few awkward words and a single chi blast away from relief. She didn’t know WHY it was suddenly so hard to tell Gohan when she needed the restroom, but knew she had to power through and do it anyway. He had already confessed that he had to go, it should have been easy to admit she felt the same way.

It wasn’t, though. It took a few tries before it actually happened, her mouth opening and closing wordlessly until she finally managed to blurt it out. “I really need to use the bathroom, too!”

Gohan exhaled. Finally… At least now they could talk about the situation, and neither one of them would have to restrain their fidgeting anymore. “What do we do?”

“Break the doors open,” Bikini suggested once more, already raising a hand out.

“No!” Gohan scolded, sighing again. Ordinarily, he liked how persistent Bikini was, how bold she could be. She had always been the more adventurous one, less afraid, less cautious. She had never been afraid of her own power the way Gohan had been, for example. She was one of the few people that could talk him into trying new things, and usually those things didn’t even end that badly for him.

What she was trying to talk him into NOW would certainly end badly for the both of them. Bikini just wasn’t thinking straight, her need for the restroom effecting her judgement. “I understand, I… I really want to just force my way out of here, too. But, we aren’t supposed to let people find out about our powers again. We’ve got a clean slate now that everyone’s memories have been erased, you don’t want to lose that, do you?”

“No,” Bikini admitted. “But… Dammit, I just… I really have to go, and—“ With a sharp intake of breath, Bikini turned away from Gohan. Her bladder had just rippled again, and she’d needed to quickly clamp her thighs together to keep anything from leaking out. But, that wasn’t the really bad part. No, the really bad part was that she’d looked down and noticed her body doing that weird thing again.

Bikini’s bladder was huge— Embarrassingly huge— and when she really, REALLY had to empty it, she could get a little… Swollen. There would be a bit of distention in her lower belly, and since her body was so small, it was REALLY noticeable when it happened. Or, at least it was to her. Had Gohan spotted the bloating?

“Bikini?” Gohan asked. “Um, how bad is it?”

“Er… It’s… It’s kind of an emergency…” Bikini bounced in place, still not facing Gohan. She wished she hadn’t worn her skirt today. She always did when she went to a place where she wasn’t supposed to use her powers. Having a skirt on would make her pause before just taking off and flying, and then she would remember ‘Oh, right. I’m not allowed to do that here.’ But, her usual gi was a lot looser, and the Saiyan armor from her father could stretch to an extreme degree. The waistband of her skirt was tight. Right now, it was way TOO tight.

“Y—Yeah, me too,” Gohan said. His legs had crossed at some point and he found that he couldn’t really pry them apart from each other— Not without feeling an alarming build up of warmth gliding down his shaft, anyway. For a crazed second, he thought breaking through the doors wouldn’t be such a terrible thing after all.

‘No, no,’ Gohan shook his head at his own thoughts. Even if Bulma paid for the damages, they would still be in trouble. The story would get out, everyone would know what they had done. Mom would almost certainly ground him. Ugh, he wished he had a way to talk to Mom right now. She was over-protective, but sometimes that was a good thing. If he could call her and explain the situation…

She’d freak out, exclaiming about how her ‘poor baby Gohan’ was trapped and on the verge of an accident, she’d yell at Dad to use his instant transmission to get him and Bikini out of here, and it would all be over. Mom’s reaction would be humiliating, but the ordeal would be over.

But, neither of them had a cellphone. Mom told Gohan there was no reason for one, because the phone in the house worked just fine. And, when Bikini had asked Vegeta for one, he’d adamantly refused; “Your grandmother is on that thing so often it’s like it’s become an appendage. I will not have you getting distracted from your training by something so asinine.”

“Too bad Videl’s not here,” Gohan said. “Her dad lets her have a cellphone.”

Bikini shrugged. She thought it might be a little more embarrassing if Videl were here, all THREE of them bursting like this.

Bikini had made the mistake of peeing around Videl once before. It was at school, and they both had to go badly after a class had ended. Bikini had gotten unpleasant comments in the past when she used the restroom at school and another girl overheard how ridiculously massive her bladder was, but Videl was her friend. Videl wouldn’t think she was a freak for something outside of her control. Besides, Bikini had been bursting at her seams. She wasn’t going to be able to hold it through another class. She certainly wasn’t going to make it all the way home.

So, she’d gone. She’d made sure to get a stall far away from Videl’s, in hopes that the other girl wouldn’t notice anything unusual. There was no hiding it, though. Bikini was filled to the brim, and she was sitting there, pouring out a thunderous stream, for several minutes after Videl had finished with her own desperately needed toilet break. Even if someone wasn’t the type to really pay attention to such things, it was impossible not to notice a person gushing away for that long.

Especially since Videl had already been a bit worried about Bikini, having seen her urgently squirming all through their last class and practically limping through the hall to reach the bathroom.

When Bikini was finally drained and had exited her stall, Videl was looking at her anxiously. “Bikini, are you— I mean— I didn’t know people could even— Do you need to see the nurse?”

Videl wasn’t making fun of her, she wasn’t saying that her bladder capacity was freaky and unnatural, but the amount of concern she was showing was embarrassing too.

Bikini shook her head slowly, fighting back the blush overtaking her features. “No, I’m okay.”

Videl didn’t look convinced. “… Try to… I don’t know, try to go between classes more often? It can’t be good for you to hold in so much.”

If Videl were here now, then that would mean they’d be using the restroom together again once they got out of here, and all the awkwardness that would entail. At least she didn’t have to worry about Gohan being in the room with her later on when she unloaded. THAT would be way too humiliating.

Her bladder had always been larger than his, but now she felt the difference was likely too great. If she was desperate— which she SURE was now— it wouldn’t matter how hard she pushed or how much she tried to speed up her flow, she wouldn’t be able to get empty in under three minutes. Three minutes was an embarrassingly long amount of time to spend peeing. It made the people who already didn’t like her call her a freak even more, and it made the people who cared about her really worried. The only person who didn’t get alarmed by it was her father.

How would Gohan react? She never wanted to have to find that out.

Gohan sat down beside her with a groan.

Bikini groaned as well. She understood why Gohan didn’t want her to blast the door apart. All of his reasoning was sound and logical, and she knew she would regret it as soon as she’d finished emptying her bladder and could think rationally again. She just really, really hated it. She hated it so much that she could feel her chi rising up inside of her. Oh, no… No, come on, not now…

She tried to control her chi better than this, she really did! She didn’t mean to let little sparks fly from her finger-tips when she was angry or overwhelmed, but it always just… Happened! It always had for as long as she could remember. Fizzes of light would crackle off of her even when she was so young that she didn’t know what Saiyans or chi were. Which had, naturally, frightened her, made her spark even MORE…

She felt the heat building in her palms and the soles of her feet now, her energy trying to burst out just like the contents of her bladder. She couldn’t hold BOTH of those things in, something was going to explode! It took every ounce of her focus just to keep her pee from leaking out, if she directed any attention to the chi build-up, she’d lose control of everything! A few quick, tiny zaps of light flew from her fingers, scorching the floor beneath her.

“W—Woah, hey—“ Gohan exclaimed, the sudden noise and light startling him so much that he sprung a different kind of leak for a couple seconds. “I— I said no breaking the door, Bikini!”

“I’m n—not trying to!” Bikini insisted, clenching her fists in an effort to keep anything else from flaring. But, when she looked down, she could see that her constantly hopping feet were leaving behind burnt spots in the carpet. Her chi was overflowing from everywhere…

Gohan’s expression softened as he realized what was really going on. She wasn’t TRYING to be destructive, she was just struggling to control her powers again, just like at school. She needed to be calmed down and soothed, that was the only way to get her energy to stay where it was supposed to.

The quickest way to do that had always been physical contact. Holding her hands, hugging her, rubbing her back… That had gotten the job done every time, ever since he and Bikini were little. That was why he was the best at getting her resettled; Her father was baffled by her need for physical affection, it never crossed his mind to hold her when she was upset unless someone spoke up and reminded him that it would help— And then he was always so awkward about it if there was anyone around to see.

Gohan found absolutely nothing confusing about someone enjoying hugs, nor did he feel embarrassed doing that in public… Even if it had started to feel kind of funny in more recent years for some reason. It was going to feel a little uncomfortable this time, he knew, to have her pressed against him. His bladder was not going to appreciate that at all, but it was better than having her burn up parts of the elevator. “C—Come here, alright?”

Bikini did, sitting beside him and letting him pull her into his arms. Just as he’d expected, there were multiple sharp pangs of protest from his bladder, displeased that her body was pressing against it, displeased that his hands were around HER instead of clutching at his crotch to support it. Bikini winced as well, and he flushed red with realization before quickly moving his hands up a little, away from her waist and the aching organ imprisoned inside it. Her lower abdomen felt so taut… It… It ALWAYS felt taut, of course, spending most afternoons in the gravity room with her father guaranteed that… But, right now the firmness felt different, it took him a moment to work out what had changed; He’d felt a slight curving in that region which wasn’t normally there. Poor girl, she really WAS full…

Her breathing was evening out, at least. Gohan could sense her energy leveling out, no longer pinging around and flaring sporadically. This was helping like it usually did. Her chi didn’t feel still and tranquil and still had a rough edge to it, but he supposed that could be expected. She was calmer, but by no means was she relaxed. How could she be with so much liquid screaming to escape from her?

Gohan couldn’t relax either, after all. His thighs were constantly tense and straining, knowing that if he eased up even a little, he’d let out a few more dribbles, maybe even a short stream. It had been a while since he’d needed to go quite this badly, to the point where he felt like there was literally no room left inside of his bladder, the liquid solidifying into a hard mass of need. Worse yet, when he thought back over how much water he’d had today, he feared that there was still more coming, approaching a container that no longer had any space left to cram it.

Bikini released a pained noise and clawed her hands against her outer thighs. It was obvious how badly she yearned to cup herself to restrain her flood. If only Gohan could reassure her, somehow, that that was OKAY to do in front of him, but he didn’t know how exactly he could phrase that without sounding weird.

He needn’t have pondered it for long, though, because within the next ten seconds, a violent shudder moved through Bikini’s body and her hands crammed their way between her legs, squeezing aggressively. “Nnnh!” She mewled, hissing between her clenched teeth as her face flamed, burning up with embarrassment. She couldn’t believe she was holding herself in front of Gohan! While he had his arms around her, no less!

He was watching her lose a battle, and such an immensely personal one, too. He was seeing that she was too weak to handle her own body, she couldn’t stop her chi from sparking, she couldn’t hold her pee in a dignified manner, she could just writhe and clutch herself as he held her in an effort to keep her energy from breaking out of her and destroying things.

“I—It’s alright,” Gohan stammered, seeing her face scorching with humiliation. “D—Do what you gotta do, I need to use the restroom really bad too, remember? I know what it feels like.” When she turned, he allowed her to see the way his foot was pushing against his own crotch, trying to dam up the waterfall barely being restrained behind his zipper. He was holding himself too, and he’d be using his hands just like Bikini if his arms hadn’t already been full.

She was still trembling, and Gohan wasn’t sure if that was from desperation or embarrassment. Probably a little of both. His own body was shaking just as much, after all. The strain of holding everything in, and the self-consciousness brought on by having her see him so twitchy and needful made it hard to stop. They both needed to calm down, it was going to be even harder to avoid having accidents if they kept panicking and letting the humiliation overwhelm them.

When they were little and stuck in the woods together, the nights had always been really scary. It was so hard to sleep when they could hear growling animals, and all the shadows looked like evil beasts. Gohan felt better having her beside him, barely able to imagine how terrified he’d be if he was completely alone, but being together had also meant that they had to be scared FOR each other, protect one another and help out.

One thing they figured out was that things were easier if they had something ELSE to think about. If Gohan recited facts he had read about, that distracted both of them from being scared, and eventually they would fall asleep. Not only did doing that help keep Bikini’s mind occupied, it helped her with her school work. For whatever reason, she remembered things better if GOHAN had been the one to teach them to her.

They both really needed a distraction now, so Gohan tried to think of something interesting. The trouble was, the only facts that sprung to mind were things neither one of them would WANT to consider at the moment.

‘Most of urine is just water, only five percent of it is made up of other components!’

‘Urine is sterile when it’s still in the bladder, it only picks up bacteria from the air once it’s out of the body!’

‘The average person pees around 2,500 times a year!’

‘Eating too many beets can make your urine change color!’

‘People used to think that hanging clothes near a toilet would keep fleas away from them!’

“Uh… Um… You know… Uh…” Gohan kept wracking his brain for something else he could talk about. He KNEW he was knowledgable about PLENTY of subjects that weren’t related to peeing, but he just had to go SO bad that he couldn’t remember them at the moment! Then, before he could stop himself, he just blurted out the next thing that popped into his head; “Did you know that the first toilets on Earth were these long, communal stone slabs with a bunch of holes in them, suspended over a trough of water? And that people used them in large groups, just out in the open?”

Ugh, why did he say all that? And he’d stopped just short of explaining that, since toilet paper hadn’t been invented, everyone just passed around a sponge on a stick…

“It’s— It’s good that that was such a long time ago,” Bikini said, shifting her position once more as her bladder rippled with another surge of need. “If Earthlings were still doing that by the time my Dad first showed up, he would have just gone through with blowing up the planet, no matter what anyone said or did. Once he was finished having a heart attack, anyway…”

Ah, right. That was another thing that could distract her; Bikini liked teasing her father! Gohan couldn’t blame her, Vegeta WAS easy to tease. Gohan would probably do it too if it weren’t for how scary he was when he got angry. “R—Right, he’d definitely have a breakdown… And, I doubt he knows much about Earth’s history, so he’d probably have a really funny reaction if he found out that’s how people used to do things.”

“Oh, or what if my Mom fixes the time machine again, and we take him back a billion years, or whatever, so that he has to see it first-hand?” Bikini grinned. “A—And then, we prank him by telling him the time machine’s malfunctioned and we can’t get back, so he’s gonna have to—“ Bikini started to laugh, but quickly broke off with a low whimper. “Hahaha— Ooof, ouch…” Her grip on herself tightened, but she wasn’t quick enough to stop a spurt of warmth from trickling out. Ah, she had to GO…

Gohan winced as well. “D—Don’t laugh too much…” he said gently. If she laughed, then HE was gonna laugh, and then the stone of his bladder would crumble to pieces, and before long they’d BOTH be soaked… “And, we’re NOT doing that. If we take Vegeta back to the past and cause him to throw a fit, there’s no telling how many timelines that will destroy, and what we’ll end up coming back to when we get home.”

“I— I know, we wouldn’t really do it,” Bikini said. “It’s just funny to think about.” She started to snort again, her hands mashing firmly between her legs as her bladder flared in response, sending a ton of protesting jolts all through her middle.

Gohan was starting to get worried that the mental image was going to be enough to make Bikini have an accident. He was having a difficult time not cracking up himself. He’d overheard Vegeta ranting to Bulma once about Earthlings being ‘uncivilized’ just because urinals existed, he’d have such a conniption if he learned it used to be worse…

Just as he was trying to come up with something else to talk about, the most wonderful thing happened; The elevator began to move again. The shifting beneath them brought their desperation back to the forefront of both of their minds, Bikini let out another growl, her thighs straining around her clenched hands, and Gohan had to release one hand from her to grip his member instead. Not only was the motion worsening their needs, the knowledge that they were finally so, SO close to relief was making it all the harder for them to hold back.

“A—About time…” Bikini muttered. “Come on, come on…”

Gohan was shakily rising to his feet. He’d been sitting there for so long that his bladder had gotten used to the position, so changing it— Even slowly and carefully like he was, added to the aches and strain he was under. His other hand grasped at his opening as well, squeezing firmly as his eyes scrunched closed. Despite all of his clutching, he felt himself pee for two solid seconds. The flow was choppy, hesitant, his body not quite letting go since he still hadn’t been given verbal permission, but cold volts of fear ran up and down his body nevertheless. Even after he’d restrained the leak, he was still so shaky, his tip burning with the need to pump out everything else.

Bikini struggled to stand back up as well. Her hands didn’t budge themselves from their place between her legs, and were sloshed with heat once she had gotten herself upright, the shift in gravity crashing down atop her bladder and squeezing it, forcing a spurt loose faster than she could tighten her muscles to stop it. She hoped nothing had made it to her skirt, she couldn’t think of much worse than letting Gohan see her in damp clothes.

When the doors finally slid open, they were out of the elevator as quickly as they could move. The restrooms would be just around the corner, they were so close, they could make it!

Except, when they reached the restrooms, there was a problem; The men’s was open, but the women’s was out of order. Bikini released a frustrated, anguished sound at the sight of the sign. “C—Come on! Why?! I’ve waited long enough!”

Gohan was in agreement with her. And… Well, he knew the restrooms at the library were single-occupancy anyway. The men’s room had a locking door and contained one toilet and one urinal. There was really no REASON Bikini would be in trouble for using it, right? Especially given the circumstance? She’d be in there by herself.

Except, she wouldn’t be.

Gohan was barely hanging on by a thread, and one look at Bikini indicated that she was feeling the exact same way. They couldn’t exactly wait on each other… And, there was a toilet AND a urinal. They could both…

But, then they’d be…

They’d peed together before…

But, they’d been really little back then! It hadn’t been weird because they were too young to THINK it was weird!

It was just a necessary biological process… Nothing to be ashamed of. Everyone did it…

Ah, but he’d have his dick out, and she’d be… Bottomless, and…

It wasn’t like they’d peek at each other!

They’d still HEAR each other going—

“Gohan!” Bikini exclaimed, and when he turned to her, he saw that she was tangled up in knots now, her legs double-crossed and her hands kneading against herself frantically, sweat pouring down her flushed, pink face. She’d been so embarrassed when she’d first started holding her crotch in front of him, and now she was doing a full-blown dance of desperation. The humiliation was blatant on her features, but so was the intensity of her need.

His own bladder echoed her agony, seeming to roll and twist even more just at the knowledge that she was sharing in his predicament. He couldn’t let go of his crotch, he couldn’t stop pacing urgently in place. He couldn’t wait much longer.

And neither could she.

Slowly, very slowly, he forced a hand away from his groin so that he could open the door to the men’s room. A droplet formed at his opening and seeped into his clothes, making him shudder. He was SO close, he couldn’t lose it now… Just hold on, please, just a few more seconds… “C—Come on,” he said. “Let’s, um… Let’s just…”

Bikini’s eyes widened as she realized what he was suggesting. She couldn’t do that! Gohan would get… He’d get all freaked out when he realized how embarrassingly large her bladder was, just like everyone else did. He wouldn’t tease her, she knew THAT much, but he’d definitely be VERY worried. What if he made a big deal about it?! “What? But— I—“

“I—It’ll be okay,” Gohan said. “It’s just going to be us— And if anyone spots you coming out and gets the wrong idea, I’ll explain it was an emergency and point out that the other one’s closed. You won’t get in trouble.”

That wasn’t the problem! She’d used a men’s bathroom before, and nothing bad had happened. Her father had gone in with her to make sure of that, and she knew Gohan would deal with it if she was confronted about it too! “But, we’ll be… I’ll— We’re gonna—“

“J—Just like when we were kids, th—that’s all,” Gohan said. He was still holding the door open. He could see inside the restroom. His bladder was doing cartwheels inside of his gut, BEGGING for him to just run in and unload its burden. But, he couldn’t. Bikini wouldn’t last until he was finished, and he needed her to give him his permission ANYWAY, and with as full as he was, he’d explode the second the words were spoken. He had to be at the urinal with his zipper already down before she told him to pee, he’d soak himself otherwise. “I—It will b—be just fine.”

It wouldn’t be, though! Bikini was BURSTING. This felt ALMOST as bad as that day with her father when he’d caused her to fly all the way home when she was already exploding with need. That meant she had a TON to let out, and Gohan would hear every drop, he’d hear her peeing for MINUTES, the stream furious, loud and uncontainable. It was going to be so, SO embarrassing!

But, could she hold it until he was done in there? She knew HE wouldn’t make it until SHE was emptied, and if she went first he’d find out how long she peed for ANYWAY, because even if she DID like to tease him sometimes, she wasn’t cruel enough to make him wait longer unnecessarily. He’d know every second that that door remained locked, it was because she was STILL going.

He didn’t pee for as long as she did, maybe she COULD make it until he was finished. Just… Standing out here, knowing he was getting the relief she needed so badly, her Saiyan hearing causing her to hear every drop.

Her… Saiyan hearing… Causing her to hear every drop…

Gohan had that, too. Even if they went seperately, he’d still hear her if he was close enough to the door…

So, then this was all pointless to worry about, wasn’t it? She couldn’t avoid it, no matter what she did…

The slow, warm trickle gliding down her inner thigh made up her mind for her. She was going to pee in front of Gohan today. She could either do it in the toilet, or she could do it all over the floor.

She had to go with the LESS humiliating option. “A—Alright, l—let’s go.” She gritted out. “N—No… No—“

“No peeking,” Gohan said. “Of course not. Don’t worry.” He rushed inside, and Bikini followed him nervously.

She had to bite back a grimace at the sight of the toilet. All she wanted was to slam herself down onto it and give herself over to the bliss of release. But, she couldn’t even get her clothing down until Gohan was facing the other way.

Gohan stood at the urinal, his back to the toilet, and Bikini pulled down her panties and lowered herself onto the seat, the uncontainable droplets now pattering against the water in the bowl instead of rolling down her legs. She did not unleash a typhoon like she’d assumed she would the second she was seated, instead she just kept dribbling. Her awkward feelings were too much for her to release, but her bladder was too full to hold everything back. She was left with a frustrating feeling as the liquid exited her body in tiny drips that didn’t bring her any relief.

“O—Okay, we’re doing this…” Gohan mumbled, unzipping himself with shaking hands. “N—No big deal. Just like when we were little… No big deal…”

“N—No big deal…” Bikini repeated, shutting her eyes tightly and trying to urge her painfully full bladder to let go, only managing a slow, dismal spurt. She wondered if this was what her father felt like every time HE had to go.

“I— I can pee, r—right? May I?” Gohan asked, his voice shaking. He too wasn’t getting much out yet, just a couple of drops that scorched his tip on the way out. But, at least he KNEW what would most likely make him unclench.

Bikini had half a mind NOT to give him permission until she’d managed to release herself, knowing what the sound of him emptying would do to her. But, they were both in agony, it would be cruel to make him wait even longer. “Y—Yeah, Gohan. You’re allowed.”

Immediately, the pressure was lifted as Gohan’s bladder began to furiously drain itself into the urinal. His eyelids fluttered, and he felt a pleased shiver move up and down his spine. Without intending to, he sighed aloud. He couldn’t hold it back. After restraining himself for SO long, it felt amazing to get rid of his burden. “Ahhh… Th—Thank you…”

Had Bikini been in less pain herself, she may have given more thought to how weirdly cute Gohan was… With all that “May I?” and “Thank you” stuff… He was so polite that it was just oddly endearing…

But, Bikini couldn’t dwell on that much, the sound of Gohan PEEING was just sending angry typhoons through her own bladder, which still refused to loosen. In fact, the dim acknowledgement that Gohan’s behavior was confusingly adorable was making it even HARDER to go!

In the back of his mind, Gohan was still concerned, in spite of his own relief. Bikini hadn’t started peeing yet, was she okay?

On impulse— Because this was just what he DID whenever he was worried about Bikini— he turned his head towards her to check on her. Heat scorched his face when it sank in for him what he’d just done.

She had her fists resting on her thighs, her backside pressed against the smooth seat… Gohan kind of, sort of… He sometimes thought she… Had nice hips, and the way she was sitting made them look more… pronounced, and—

“H—Hey, don’t look!” Bikini said, crossing her arms over her body. “I— I said no peeking!”

“S—Sorry!” Gohan stammered, turning back to focus on his own still gushing stream. “I— I was— Are you okay?”

Bikini felt another small spurt of liquid escape her and drip against the water. She winced, wishing that her dam would just break. He was worried because she wasn’t going, even though she needed to so badly. “It— I can’t— I don’t know why… We used to do this together all the time, but it won’t—“

“It’s alright, Bikini,” Gohan said, trying to think of a way to MAKE it alright. “Um… Try pretending we’re still in the forest, like back then? Shut your eyes?”

Bikini did exactly that, taking a deep breath as she closed her eyes. She imagined herself back in the woods with Gohan, the two of them taking care of each other and keeping one another company, making each other feel better… Just like now. It wasn’t so different. A few drops turned into a light trickle and, as she released her breath into a happy sigh, progressed to a heavy stream. “Ahhh…” Bikini sighed in relief as her urine hissed against the water underneath her.

Gohan exhaled as well— Just as relieved by Bikini’s release as he was by his own. His stream was tapering off by then, his bladder was just about spent. A few more spurts fell, and he was able to put his member back away and zip up. Much better… And it hadn’t been… As awkward as he’d feared. He stood there for a few more seconds, not wanting to turn around again and breach Bikini’s privacy for the second time.

When they were kids, she always went a little bit longer than he did, which meant she should be done in about half a minute or so anyway. He’d just wait.

Only, Bikini wasn’t slowing down at all… She was still going at full force. Gohan had known she was really desperate, but still…

A full minute passed, and she still didn’t sound like she would be finished any time soon. Gohan was starting to feel a little concerned. A bladder was supposed to hold around one quart, he’d read that before. True, the book had been talking about human bladders, not Saiyan ones, but the difference shouldn’t have been THAT great, right? Especially with Bikini being so small…

Gohan could hold more than a human, he knew that. But not a WHOLE lot more. Certainly not as much as Bikini.

Then again, he didn’t know how much Saiyans varied when it came to things like this. Realistically, Bikini’s Saiyan traits would have to come from her father. Gohan didn’t know how much Vegeta could hold— He was fairly certain that was one of Vegeta’s most closely guarded secrets, and anyone who uncovered it would be vaporized instantly. Nevertheless, maybe a Saiyan peeing this much wasn’t THAT abnormal, or any reason to panic and think Bikini needed medical help.

She WAS going, after all, so no urinary retention had taken place. And, she hadn’t made any noises that indicated she was still in pain, so everything was working as it was supposed to. She’d just… Been really, really full. Way fuller than Gohan had thought.

When her faucet finally shut off, Gohan waited until he heard the toilet flush, the rustling of clothing, and Bikini speaking before he turned around. “That was so embarrassing…”

Gohan walked over to her. “It’s fine, I did it too,” he reminded.

“But… I— You didn’t— I went… So much, and—“

“Well, yeah, you really had to go,” Gohan said, shrugging. “I bet lots of Saiyans had… Um… Larger… Capacities. If… If that much was… Normal for you, I wouldn’t worry about it.”

Bikini looked at him, confused. He wasn’t acting shocked or disturbed or anything! That HAD been fairly normal for her, that was about as long as she usually went when she’d been on the verge of an accident.

“Nothing hurts, right? You just feel better now?” Gohan asked.

“Yes…” Bikini nodded. “A little sore, but that’s all.”

“Me too,” Gohan admitted. “Next time we should just take the stairs.”

*005*2025-05-26 17:09

Bikini and Goten

Goten could be so rambunctious sometimes. A little TOO rambunctious, really. Even when he wasn’t teamed up with Trunks, the kid could easily get himself into trouble. Or CAUSE trouble for other people.

He had managed the second thing today.

Bikini had been tasked with baby-sitting him today. Chi-Chi was out shopping. Goku was training with Bikini’s father. Gohan had to do some homework for one of the extra classes Chi-Chi had him take.

And, Bikini didn’t usually MIND baby-sitting Goten. Even if he was hyperactive and loud, he wasn’t unpleasant. He was a sweet kid, just a bit scatter-brained and impulsive, much like his father.

Today, Goten’s fun had put Bikini into a bit of predicament. A rather urgent, uncomfortable one.

He’d recently acquired a new toy from his father; The power pole Goku had once carried around and used as a weapon. Goten had enjoyed twirling it in the air and tossing it around, but when he realized that the pole responded to verbal commands, that’s when he decided it was the coolest thing ever. If he yelled “Power pole, extend!” It would shoot up into the sky and take him up with it, then he’d get to have so much fun riding back down as it returned to its usual size.

Bikini had thought it would be harmless. She hadn’t even hesitated when he’d asked if she wanted to play a game with him using it. He told her to fly in circles, and he’d try to hit her with the power pole. She hadn’t thought it could go wrong, even if he did manage to hit her— even if he accidentally whacked her with it harshly— it wouldn’t be enough to hurt her.

For a while, Goten just kept missing. Again and again, he’d throw the pole into the air, yell “Power pole extend!” And watch as it zoomed right past Bikini without so much as brushing her shoulder.

It wasn’t until Bikini was starting to find the call of nature a bit too loud to ignore that Goten finally got her. A blur went past her and she felt something hard caught in one of her sleeves, and she was now sailing through the air in the opposite direction. Before she had registered what had happened, she felt the pole slip back through her other sleeve, and then all the motion ceased as it penetrated into a thick wall of rock, deep enough to become completely lodged inside of it.

The impact caused a surge in Bikini’s already irritated bladder, and immediately all of her attention went towards clenching her thighs as tightly as she could, before realizing that she was now suspended quite high in the air, caught by her shirt, and needed to find a way to get back down quickly.

She was trapped by her sleeves, so taking off her shirt was probably the easiest answer. But, Goten was right there which meant it wasn’t a REAL option. Sure, Goten was too little to care or do anything perverted like other people Bikini could name, but… Well, the one GOOD thing about having a small chest was not needing to wear a bra, so if she took off her shirt she would be TOTALLY exposed. They were awfully close to the house, where Gohan was studying in his room. Gohan had Saiyan eyesight, he MIGHT look out the window at the EXACT wrong second, and—

It could totally happen! Of course it could happen!

Prying the pole loose would be less embarrassing. But, with her current positioning, grabbing it and getting any leverage wasn’t possible. If she could inch close enough to the rock wall for her feet to touch, then maybe she could angle herself around in the right way.

She started to wriggle, for more reasons than one. She was trying to reach the rock, but she was also becoming more and more aware of how badly she ACTUALLY needed the bathroom. It hadn’t seemed so urgent when she’d been dodging Goten’s throws, but now it was becoming very apparent that she had ignored her body’s needs for way, way too long. Her abdomen felt stretched, and with that stretch came a pronounced burning that reverberated through her abdomen and prompted some severe stinging from her opening. The more she tried to maneuver herself over to the wall, the more her midsection flared. Her attempts were just making her clench her abdominal muscles way too much, her bladder couldn’t handle the vicious squeezing that came with it.

“Heheh!” Goten giggled. “I got you! I got you!”

“Y—You sure did!” Bikini called back down to him. “I, uh… I need a little help getting down, though. The pole’s really wedged into the rock and I can’t pry it loose from where I am. Can you get it?”

Goten nodded quickly, beaming. “Yeah! Of course! I’ll save you, princess!”

Bikini rolled her eyes. She knew that she was sort of a princess. Technically. On another planet. But, it was still weird to hear someone call her that. Especially since it made Goten want to play games in which he ‘rescued’ her, because “That’s what you’re supposed to do with a princess!”

A Saiyan wasn’t supposed to get rescued, though. Her dad said so all the time.

Bikini’s middle twisted as a sharp breeze made her shiver, her abdominals contracting once again. The stinging at her opening felt a tad bit warmer, a drop begging to break through the threshold and dampen her clothes.

A Saiyan wasn’t SUPPOSED to get rescued, but that was exactly what Bikini needed right now.

Except, instead of getting into the air to come assist her, Goten just started hopping back and forth, a grimace replacing his smile. “Uh oh, I have to go to the bathroom first!” He exclaimed, voice high and frantic. He sprinted over to the closest tree, well within Bikini’s view, and started yanking at his belt. “Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!”

Bikini shut her eyes, both to give the kid some privacy so that he didn’t look back on this and cringe TOO hard once he got older, and to remove the torturous visual of someone else doing the same thing she was dying to do.

It didn’t do much good, Bikini could still hear the hissing and splashing and Goten’s happy sighs. He was getting the relief that Bikini was being denied and it made her legs start to kick out as she remained hanging there. A suspended pee-dance wasn’t doing much help to her situation, with nothing solid to bounce her feet against, the flailing just made her insides spasm MORE instead of calming the liquids within. The dribble that had been threatening to spill out finally warmed its way into her pants. She bit her lip hard, shimmying her hips since that was one of the few things she could do.

‘Please, please hold it…’ Bikini thought. ‘You can NOT lose it up here. What would Dad say if he found out? What would Gohan do if he saw you?! Hold it, hold it, hold it…’

She clamped off the leak, but it wasn’t easy, and now she was left with an extremely angry bladder, displeased with having its release taken away.

“Ahhhh…” Goten said, giggling and tying his belt again. “Much better! I can save you now, Princess!”

Bikini tried to nod, and she tried to stay quiet, but a vicious thrum from down below and another uncontainable leak made her blurt it out; “Do it as fast as you can, I need the bathroom, too!”

Instead of laughing, Goten got a serious look on his face, as if these were grave circumstances— Which… Honestly, as far as Bikini was concerned, they kind of were. “Oh, the princess REALLY needs rescuing!” He decided, lifting off the ground. “You’d be real sad if you got all wet and my brother saw!”

Bikini flashed hot and cold as Goten named the outcome she was MOST afraid of. “Don’t— Don’t even say that!” Even as she protested against the idea, she could feel her panties growing damper. She was leaking every few seconds. If her pants weren’t such a dark shade of blue, Goten probably would have noticed by now.

Bikini managed to strain her thighs together and let her knees rub, it did very little to lessen the weight of her need, but the dribbles slowed down slightly.

Goten grabbed onto the other end of the pole and pulled hard.

And pulled.

And grunted.

It wasn’t budging…

Of course, Goten was still just a LITTLE Saiyan, and this thing was stuck in there pretty deeply.

“T—Turn Super Saiyan, Goten!” Bikini suggested, feeling her hold on her bladder beginning to fray. Dangling in the air made gravity’s effects so much worse. She tried to concentrate on her chi in the same way she would if she were flying to see if that would lessen the load at all, but she couldn’t focus long enough. All of her attention was going towards the almost insurmountable task of not wetting her pants any more than she already had. “Turn Super Saiyan! It will be easier!”

“I’ll try,” Goten said, shutting his eyes.

Bikini, meanwhile, was beginning to think that just wriggling out of her shirt wouldn’t be SO bad after all. She could cover her chest up right away so Goten didn’t see anything he shouldn’t, dash behind a bush and finally— FINALLY— relieve herself.

But, the more she thought about it, the more she realized that she had missed her chance to do it. She could no longer manipulate her chi properly, so she wouldn’t be able to fly. Once she no longer had the shirt pinning her to the power pole, she would drop down SEVERAL meters and land on the ground HARD. Her bladder would never survive that kind of impact, she’d be laying in a crumpled heap, topless and pissing all over herself with so much force that Gohan would likely be able to hear the hissing all the way back inside his room. Just the thought of it made another anxious squirt flow out, her thighs pressing together as firmly as they’d go.

Goten’s eyes were still closed and he hadn’t transformed yet.

“Goten— Goten, hurry!” Bikini whimpered out. “It’s an emergency!”

“It’s still hard for me to do it right away sometimes!” Goten said. “Especially if I’m nervous!”

Bikini did her best not to plead with him anymore, or make any more urgent noises. It wasn’t easy, she was losing control drip by painful drip.

Goten finally noticed that she was leaking when a weak, little stream pattered to the ground below them. His eyes widened and he flew around in a tight circle. The kid looked like he was panicking— It would be sweet if it weren’t so embarrassing. Finally he sat down on top of the tree he’d just watered and closed his eyes, grunting, doing his best to transform. But, just like he’d said before, nervousness made the switch so much harder for him.

“Goten…” Bikini’s voice cracked, straining and filled with unspoken pleas.

Goten’s eyes opened again, and he smiled. “I’m gonna get Gohan to pull it out!” He decided. “I’ll be back real fast, promise!”

“G—Gohan?!” Bikini winced, hearing more liquid pattering the ground as yet another jet of her burden shoved its way out. “S—Seeing… I— But—“

“It’s okay, Gohan likes you lots and lots and he’s nice! He’ll help!”

“I— I know he will, but—“ Bikini didn’t know how to finish. Gohan had seen her desperate to pee before. He’d seen her go before. He’d even seen her have accidents before— But all of that was back when they were very little! It hadn’t mattered so long ago! It did NOW. It mattered a LOT. It mattered more than— Than ANYONE else seeing her like this! It would be better if Goten could get Goku, or her father, or… Or anyone who wasn’t Gohan!

“Be right back!” Goten said, zooming away.

Bikini stayed there— As if she had any choice— her expression pinched. Now, more than ever, she was BEGGING herself to hold on. Her raw, exhausted pelvic muscles were on their very last legs, and when she looked down she saw there was already a puddle, but there was still SO much crammed inside her bladder, and she’d do anything not to have a complete accident for Gohan to see!

It felt like an eternity before Goten returned with Gohan. And, in that time, Bikini’s panties had become much more clammy and damp. Saiyans had a powerful sense of smell, she was certain Gohan could pick up the scent of the numerous spurts she’d inadvertently released, to say nothing of the liquid pooled below her.

Goten was chattering, evidently he must have been doing it the whole way over here “… And I didn’t mean to get her stuck, and I’m super sorry, and it was just a game, and I tried to get it out myself, but I couldn’t, and I got nervous and couldn’t go super Saiyan, and she needs to use the bathroom real, real, REAL bad, so you have to hurry!”

“I— I’ve got it,” Gohan said. “It’s okay, Goten. I’m sure she’s not mad at you.” Gohan flew up and grabbed hold of the pole. “H—Hey, Bikini… Thanks for playing with him, sorry it got you in an awkward spot like this.”

Bikini couldn’t bear to look at him. Not like this. Not when she was dripping and barely hanging onto the rest of her piss by a thread. All she could do was BEG herself not to have any more big leaks while he was here.

“I— I know this is hard, but try not to be too embarrassed,” Gohan said as he tugged on the pole. “I’ll… I’ll do this gently, I’m sure you don’t want to get jostled around too much…”

“H—How can I NOT be embarrassed?!” Bikini’s words came out more snippy than she’d intended them to, her father’s influence showing itself once more.

“I’m not going to laugh,” Gohan encouraged. “How could I? We’ve seen each other in this situation plenty of times… I mean, obviously not THIS situation exactly, it’s kind of a weird one, but… You know what I’m getting at.” The pole came loose and he gently lowered her onto the ground, pulling it out through her sleeves. “O—Okay, go ahead…”   For the first couple seconds, Bikini just kept dancing in place, she felt so awkward, humiliated and desperate that her feet didn’t want to let her walk.

“Hey,” Gohan said. “It’s alright. You can…” His cheeks began to redden. “I… I need to go too, I didn’t notice while I was studying but it’s kind of an emergency now. Would you feel a little less embarrassed if we went together? Like… Um… Like when we were kids?”

That… Actually DID make Bikini feel better for some reason. Hearing Gohan admit that he was desperate too eased some of her own humiliation at being in such a horrid state herself. She nodded.

“You guys used to go pee together?” Goten asked. “Like me and Trunks? But, she’s a girl!”

“Yeah, way back when we were really little,” Gohan said. “But, we need privacy, so keep playing over here, okay?”

“Okay!” Goten nodded.

Bikini didn’t even feel that bad when Gohan took her shoulder to help her back behind some bushes, keeping her steady on her feet until they’d reached a secluded spot.

“Can we go here?” Gohan asked, bouncing a bit on his heels, his knees pressing together.

Bikini nodded once more. She almost added ‘No peeking’, but didn’t think that was the sort of thing she needed to tell a person like Gohan. He was pure kindness through and through, he always had been ever since the day she’d met him.

Gohan turned to a bush, but didn’t unzip himself yet, apparently waiting for Bikini to start first.

It didn’t take her long to get into position. She had peed outdoors so many times that it was easy to get situated. She tore her belt apart, yanked down her pants and squatted with her feet spread, just as the stream she’d painfully cut off so many times started to spray loudly. She had needed to go so badly that the force was relentless, and she could see it arcing out a few feet in front of her thanks to the power behind it. The dirt lapped it up, but not very quickly, a puddle starting to form. Momentarily forgetting that Gohan was right there, she released a euphoric moan. “Ahhhh…”

Gohan sighed as well, his own stream hitting the bush in front of him and reminding Bikini of his presence.

She let out a strangled sound, blushing hard. “Ah—! I didn’t mean t—“

“F—Feel better?” Gohan asked, his own wavering a little, Bikini’s embarrassment mirrored in him.

“… Yes,” Bikini admitted.

“G—Good,” Gohan said. “Uh—Um… And… Uh… Did Goten behave? Other than… Er… This?”

Bikini realized what he was doing. When they were little and peed together, they were so at ease with the scenario that they’d freely carry on a conversation while they were both going. He was trying to bring back that same sense of comfort, the total lack of self-consciousness that came from being young and trusting each other so completely.

They were no longer toddlers, but they still trusted each other as much as ever.

“Yeah,” Bikini answered, still letting her stream pour. “And, this whole thing wasn’t really his fault. I agreed to play that game with him, neither of us knew it would end that way— Kind of a one in a million chance that I’d be pinned like that, right?”

“Right,” Gohan said, continuing to relieve his bladder. “He was worried you’d be mad at him. Make sure you let him know you aren’t.”

“I will…” Bikini murmured. Her eyelids fluttered a bit. This felt so good. All of her humiliation was evaporating off of her. This was just like when they were kids, relieving themselves like it was no big deal. Because it wasn’t. They both had to go, so why shouldn’t they go?

“I’m a—actually glad Goten came and got me,” Gohan said. “I, um, I was so focused on studying that I didn’t realize I needed the bathroom. I, er… I may have ended up waiting too long if nothing had interrupted me.”

“Have you done that before?” Bikini blurted out. She hadn’t meant to ask him such an embarrassing question, it had just… Sort of…. Happened…

“Er… Y—Yeah,” Gohan admitted. “Not that many times, but… Yeah.”

“Heheh,” Bikini giggled, her stream intensifying in response. “One time, I did something like that. I was training with my dad in the gravity room, and I wanted to impress him so I kept going even though I needed to pee. Eventually I leaked and doubled over, and he kind of freaked out,” Bikini couldn’t believe she was actually saying this to Gohan, but he’d managed to put her so much at ease that it was simple to do. They were just two friends who knew almost everything about each other, learning a little more.

“He got mad?”

“No, that was the weird part,” Bikini said. “He just kept saying stuff like ‘Bikini, you NEVER need to hold it when we train, if you have to go, you GO. I won’t EVER stop you from that!’ He got REALLY worried, I’ve only seen him like that a couple times. I dunno what came over him.”

Gohan finished up first, but remained facing away until Bikini had emptied herself out completely. She stood and pulled up her pants, cringing at how damp they still were. It was astounding that she’d just peed into the dirt for several minutes after she’d ALREADY wet her pants a considerable amount. Just how much had she had in her?! She shuffled uncomfortably.

“Er… Gohan said, noticing her grimace. “Um… You know… Charging your chi will… It will dry you off… If… If that’s something you ever need to do.”

“Oh,” Bikini blushed, her whole body going warm. The heat intensified as she took Gohan’s advice and powered up, the clammy spots on her outfit slowly fading away.

*006*2025-06-02 17:46

Bikini and Bulma!

Bulma bounced her knee up and down as she peered out the window of her car. There was one major issue she had with Bikini’s schooling; the commute. Part of why Bikini had to go to school outside of West City was because she had already made the mistake of displaying her powers at every school she’d attended there. Each instance had been mostly accidental, but it had garnered her a reputation and led to her being bullied as a ‘freak’.

No one at Orange Star High School knew about her powers— not since the dragon balls had erased their memories of the incident with Buu, anyway. Bikini had to keep it that way. She had to appear like a normal, human girl. Normal, human girls couldn’t fly home every day. Normal, human girls were picked up from school by their parents if they didn’t yet have a license.

It didn’t help matters that Bikini had a bit too much of both her parents in her to be able to ride the Nimbus with Gohan.

So, every day, Bulma had to drive all the way out to get her. Bikini could get away with flying TO school since she’d get there before any witnesses did. But, flying BACK would require her to lift off into the air in front of scores of people.

The drive was a pain. Bulma couldn’t wait until the end of the school year, when she’d never have to do it again.

It would be nice if VEGETA could do it from time to time. But, like Bikini, Vegeta did not have a license. In fact, he refused to get one, mostly so that Bulma couldn’t force him to drive. Bulma supposed having him drive wouldn’t be SUCH a great idea, he’d be hard-pressed to keep his anger in check while on the road. But, he could at least try… The man could pilot a space-ship, there was no way a car could be difficult for him.

Bulma shifted in her seat, cursing herself again for not stopping at the bathroom before leaving the house. Her bladder was not going to let her forget how big of a mistake that was. Her jeans dug punishingly into the tender skin covering it. She looked out the window again, trying to spot her daughter amongst the students exiting the building.

She couldn’t help but notice a lot of them looked strangely antsy today. Then again, maybe she was just projecting her own discomfort onto them. She was mentally listing all the places she might be able to stop for a bathroom break on the way home when she saw Bikini come out of the school with her friends.

Now, she was certain the anxiety she’d noticed in the other students wasn’t just her imagination. She could see it plainly on Bikini’s face, her daughter’s eyes were wide, her lips pulled into a scowl. It was the same expression Vegeta made when something was really getting under his skin.

Beside Bikini, Gohan and Videl looked troubled as well. Gohan’s ankles crossed for a second before he gave a shaky wave and started to run off. Bikini and Videl exchanged a few more words, before Bikini hurried towards the car.

She got in, and as soon as she’d shut the door, her legs crossed and she jammed her hands between them with a pained sounding grunt.

Bulma stared at her, perplexed— And more than a little worried. Bikini really took after her father in a lot of ways… She had his temper, his love for fighting… She had a lot of his insecurities, she just couldn’t mask them behind arrogance the same way he could. She had so much in common with her father that Bulma’s first thought was that another of his qualities had started to rub off on her. “Could you not use the bathroom at school today?”

Bikini shook her head, a sheen of sweat visible on her brow.

Crap… Bulma reminded herself that Vegeta’s bladder issue had been triggered by a traumatic event. To her knowledge, nothing similar had happened to Bikini. But, Bikini wanted her father’s praise and approval so much, this COULD have started with her just copying Vegeta’s behavior of never relieving himself in public.

“You know why?” Bikini asked. “Some idiot decided to flush a cherry bomb down one of the toilets and it fucked up all the plumbing. They haven’t figured out who did it yet, but I’m gonna kick their ass once I know.”

… Well, she WAS still taking after Vegeta, but thankfully not in the way Bulma had feared.

She couldn’t be too relieved, though. There was still a problem, after all. Two problems, really. Both she and her daughter desperately needed to go. Bulma started to drive off. “We’ll be home as soon as possible,” she said. “I guess you haven’t gone all day?”

Bikini shook her head again. “Last time I went was before I left the house this morning.”

That was an awfully long time to wait, even for a Saiyan.

Bikini’s legs uncrossed, only to quickly tie back together in the other direction, her grip on herself shifted and became more firm when the car went over a bump. “Nnnh…”

“… I would have just closed school early, if I’d been in charge,” Bulma mumbled to herself. Her daughter was a super-powered alien and was struggling THIS much. Her human classmates would have to be a lot worse off, surely? “How about your friends? How did they handle this?” She was mostly referring to Videl rather than Gohan, assuming Bikini’s fellow half-Saiyan had managed it a little easier.

“Gohan accidentally tapped his foot too hard and made the floor shake,” Bikini said. “I was worried I was gonna do the same thing, so I started sitting like this.” She pulled her feet up onto the carseat and tucked them underneath herself, rocking against the pressure they provided. “Videl tried to pretend someone called her about a robbery so that she could leave early, but the teacher didn’t fall for it and she had to stay… At least she lives close to the school. She’s probably already home by now.” Bikini wriggled more, stretching her legs back out in front of herself, her ankles rubbing. “Lucky…”

Seeing Bikini fidget so much wasn’t making Bulma’s own urge any less pressing. “And, you weren’t able to go home with Videl and use her bathroom?”

Bikini shrugged, her shoulders shaking from the strain she was under. “Her dad’s still kinda… Weird about me.”

Bulma chewed on her lip. Hercule didn’t dislike Bikini, but he had gotten incredibly freaked out when he saw Bikini and Videl fuse with each other. It hadn’t been avoidable, Bikini needed just a little bit of extra strength, the only two people close enough to her size were Videl and Krillin. No one knew if a male and female even COULD fuse successfully, so Videl was chosen.

Bulma supposed she couldn’t blame Hercule for being startled by the sight of his daughter merging with another person. By that point, she had seen Trunks do it with Goten enough times to get used to it, but Hercule had only just learned such a technique was possible. He’d been awkward around Bikini ever since.

“Well,” Bulma said. “Hopefully we can find somewhere to pull over. I could really use a bathroom break now, too.”

“I wish I could just fly in front of everybody else without them calling me a freak,” Bikini said. She was under no illusion that she could fly herself all the way home like this— The memory of having to fly to the house from a desert in the middle of nowhere with her bladder exploding, all because her father couldn’t bring himself to have an awkward conversation, was still fresh in her mind. But, flying from the school to the nearest store, gas station or, Hell, even just a secluded bush… She COULD manage that without it becoming too torturous.

“I know,” Bulma nodded. “So do I.” If her daughter could simply fly home each day, she would be home right now, with plenty of available bathrooms she could use to rid herself of the pressure sloshing against her dam. If her daughter could simply fly home each day, she could be on the toilet right now, succumbing to the bliss of release. She tensed up her thighs, having to stop herself from unbuttoning her jeans. She assumed she’d HAVE to do that eventually, but wanted to put it off as long as she could.

Bikini’s gaze was fixated out the window, searching for a place to go. She wasn’t having much luck. They were on the highway that led to West City, and there just weren’t any places to stop. A part of her wanted to ask her mother if she could just get out of the car and fly elsewhere, but they were still too close to the school for that to be okay. All it would take was one person seeing her, and then the rumors would be impossible to escape.

She had to hold it, at least a bit longer— And then she’d have to hope that they either found a place with a bathroom, or that she didn’t get too desperate to fly. Her bladder felt like a lead rock in her stomach, no matter which way she turned, no matter how hard she squeezed herself, the pressure remained as tight and intense as ever.

School had been so awful today. Bikini had been just fine until around their lunch break, and then the faint buzzing in her bladder transformed into throbbing. As soon as the urge started to become more apparent to her, she made the incredibly stupid mistake of fixating herself on how none of the toilets were working today, and that no matter how badly she needed to pee, she wouldn’t be able to go. Even if she found herself having an awful, awful emergency, worse than the day of the World Tournament, worse than that day flying home with her father, she would have no choice but to contain it all.

She thought about it so much that it was like a self-fulfilling prophecy. After one more hour of classes, Bikini was squirming in her seat, constantly crossing and uncrossing her legs, and trying to push herself into the hard material of her chair to keep her floodgates plugged shut.

She struggled to pay attention in school on a good day, but with her bladder demanding so much of her energy, she wasn’t hearing a single word her teachers said. Her thoughts were diverted elsewhere. She imagined herself finding the person responsible for damaging the plumbing and unleashing her most powerful attacks upon them. She imagined informing her father of the incident, surely he would be furious that she’d been put in this situation, and it always made her feel good when Dad let out his rage on someone for her sake.

But, mostly, she imagined herself making it somewhere— anywhere— to relieve herself. Letting it all go as bliss washed over her. She could picture all of it so vividly, the loosening of tension, the sensation of what felt like gallons of liquids crashing out of her, leaving nothing but a tingling, euphoric emptiness behind. She saw it SO clearly, that she had to shake her head to try to dislodge the fantasy before anything slipped out of her for real.

Those same fantasies kept re-emerging as she sat in the car, with nowhere to go, and a bladder that simply wouldn’t let her NOT go for too much longer.

Her mom was one of the few people she felt comfortable voicing such complaints to, however. Unlike her father, whom she always felt she had to be strong in front of. Or Gohan, whom she… Suddenly felt weird mentioning such personal things around. It was easy to vocalize her discomfort to her mother, and thus she did so profusely. “I have to pee SO bad, Mom! It’s been painful for hours! Please, please stop the car as soon as we’re far enough from the school, okay? I’ll just fly and find a spot with some privacy. I’ll probably explode if I try to wait until we get all the way home!” Then, when the car went over a bump in the road, she grimaced and hissed through her teeth as her bladder’s contents sloshed violently upwards. “C—Come on, can’t they at least pave the roads a little better?!”

Bikini’s openness about her situation was not doing much to help Bulma’s out with her own. Being beside someone else undergoing the very same predicament tended to make Bulma’s bladder feel slightly antsier; She’d found herself filling up just from watching Vegeta’s awkward fidgeting from time to time. But, Vegeta was never so VERBAL about his needs, not with ANYONE. No matter who was within ear-shot, Vegeta would rather tear his own lips off than allow the words “I have to pee SO bad” to fall from them.

Being beside someone that was squirming so urgently AND talking to her about the severity of their need… It was much worse than the sympathy pangs her abdomen got when she saw Vegeta get ‘twitchy’. She could look away from Vegeta’s desperation if it was getting to her own bladder too much. She couldn’t block out Bikini’s voice; One thing she’d inherited from her father was the propensity to become very loud when she was annoyed.

And, every time Bikini mentioned she was going to burst, Bulma’s bladder rippled and surged with the desire to do exactly that. “Bikini, sweetie,” Bulma said finally. “I will pull over as soon as I can, alright? Try to hold on. Use that Saiyan strength of yours.”

“I’ve been using it for, like, eight hours now,” Bikini griped. “Even Saiyan muscles get worn out eventually.” She glared out the window, seeing they were still on the highway. No businesses to pull over at, and too many other cars that would see her if she flew. Worse yet, it finally struck her that they hadn’t really MOVED that much since first getting onto this road. Traffic was congested, and her achingly full bladder throbbed with anxiety.

Bulma drummed her fingertips against the steering wheel. “Honey, I understand. I need to go too, alright? And, I’m sure we’ll find somewhere to stop along the way home. We just have to be patient.”

Bikini was surprised to hear that her mother was suffering as well, although upon giving her a closer a look, Bikini could see that Mom’s thighs were welded tightly together and one of her knees was shuddering. Bikini chewed on her lower lip. If Mom needed the bathroom too, that probably meant flying away as soon as she had the chance to do so was out of the question. She’d have to take Mom with her in that case, and Bikini was sure that she wouldn’t be able to lift off and carry her mother AND her shuddering bladder at the same time. She’d either lose hold of Mom or pee her pants in mid-air. She’d never be able to live EITHER of those outcomes down!

But, for now, she had to focus on not peeing her pants while still in the car, a task that was becoming exponentially more difficult with every passing minute. All day at school, she had been counting down the minutes until dismissal, barely paying any mind to the time required to get home afterwards. She had been silently assuring her bladder that it only had to hold on for so much longer, that as soon as the last bell rang, it would be empty. She should have been thinking about the drive. About the possibility of traffic. She cursed herself for being so stupid and short-sighted, as her bladder punished her for making promises to it that she couldn’t keep. Liquid scorched and burned at its sensitive, over-stretched walls, causing her to fan her legs in and out, spreading her knees and then slamming them back together, clenching her thighs in an effort to hold the tiny gate between them shut.

Beside her, Bulma released one hand from the steering wheel to press it down between her legs. Now that she had told Bikini she had to go, she didn’t feel like she had to hide the intensity of her broiling need. Her bladder felt like it was bubbling and frothing, like a beaker after she’d accidentally mixed the wrong chemicals. Usually, when she did that, the solution inside would explode, bursting out through the top of the beaker or breaking it apart altogether. The straining, engorged container in her core felt dangerously close to doing the same thing.

Bulma tried to distract herself by thinking of other times she’d needed a bathroom even more direly than this. Like, the day she first met Goku. She’d been searching for the dragon balls and had put off her bathroom break for much too long. By the time she’d gotten back on the road with Goku, her bladder was sending her a lot of very worrying signals.

Nevertheless, she tried to ignore it until she got somewhere a little more civilized. The small hut Goku had been living in clearly lacked a toilet, and it was the only building she’d even SEEN in that forest, which meant she wasn’t going to find one anywhere else nearby. She hated squatting to pee outdoors, and only did it when it was absolutely necessary.

But, during a particularly frightening experience when she tried to take her motorbike over a hill a little too quickly, she almost lost control in TWO ways. She came dangerously close to crashing the bike, and felt a warm splash soak its way into her panties— Her bladder contracting and pleading for permission to shove out the rest.

It WAS going to be necessary for her to pee outside.

Once she’d FINALLY convinced Goku not to follow her, she’d taken a few minutes to find a secluded area in the forest, by which point she’d had a hand tucked between her thighs. Standing beside a tree, she lifted her dress and had even gotten her thumbs hooked around her underwear, preparing to pull them down, when she was suddenly grabbed by a hungry dinosaur. She’d done the only thing she could think of, screaming for Goku to come help her.

And, once he’d completed the rescue mission, Bulma had found herself pinned to a rock wall by Goku’s power pole staff, pee gushing hotly down her legs in a completely uncontainable flood that she couldn’t hold back no matter how frantically she clenched.

Now, sitting in the car, her bladder JUST as agonizingly full as it had been that day, Bulma feared that she may experience something all too similar.

Ugh, maybe thinking about other times she’d needed to pee was a bad decision. It wasn’t reassuring her that she could definitely make it this time, it was just making her have to go that much worse. She had to take her mind off urination altogether. And, from the sound of her daughter’s shallow breathing and occasional whimpering, Bikini needed something else to focus on too.

What could they talk about?

Sadly, Bulma didn’t feel like she had very many things in common with her daughter. Bikini lacked the patience required for lab work, she just had way too much Saiyan in her for that. She couldn’t concentrate on tiny details or stay still for long. Nor could she successfully restrain herself enough to avoid breaking small electronic components when trying to fit them into place. It all inevitably ended up frustrating her, and a delicate laboratory was no place for an annoyed Saiyan.

Bikini did not like shopping very much, either. And that broke Bulma’s heart the most. Not so much the fact that she couldn’t enjoy trying on new outfits with her daughter, but the reason WHY Bikini detested the activity so much. Bikini could never see how pretty she was. She didn’t think any clothes looked good on her, because the bullying of her childhood had convinced her that she was ugly. As she got older, and her bust remained small, Bikini had begun to compare her body to Bulma’s own, and shopping trips had become difficult.

“Yeah, I know, those clothes are cool— And they’d look AWESOME on you,” Bikini would say. “But, not on me. My legs aren’t long enough, and I have pancakes for breasts. No one wants to see me wear something like that, I’ll just look gross.”

It hurt Bulma to listen to her daughter disparage her body so much. It hurt Bulma to realize that cruel words from classmates had impacted Bikini just as badly as the injuries she’d received fighting against monsters and space tyrants. It really hurt to see Bikini develop insecurities about the muscles that she had worked so hard to attain— That she had once been so proud of.

Bulma had tried her best to help Bikini see how pretty she was. Yet, nothing seemed to work. Bikini insisted she looked more like a man than a woman— And she’d point to aspects of her body that didn’t even EXIST as examples. It was like she was seeing flaws that weren’t even there. Yes, her eyebrows were dark and thick just like her father’s, but she didn’t have a unibrow like she kept claiming. Her shoulders were NOT wider than her hips, yet she insisted they were. Her breasts were small, yes, but her belief that she was ‘flatter than a four year old boy’ was completely false.

Vegeta had mentioned to Bulma before that, when he first came to Earth, he knew not to allow Nappa to harm Bikini because he recognized her immediately as his child. The realization was not solely due to her tail, as Gohan’s had been attached at that time too and Vegeta knew THEY had no relation. He knew Bikini had to be his because she looked almost exactly like his mother. Bulma sometimes tried reminding Bikini of this, that she resembled a queen. Queens were beautiful, so therefor Bikini was beautiful, too.

But, it didn’t really help.

“Maybe I’m pretty to Saiyans, but not to humans.”

As a result, Bulma rarely got to go on shopping trips with Bikini. And, when she did, Bikini was clearly uncomfortable the entire time, scrutinizing her reflection every time she tried something on, seeing faults that didn’t exist outside of her imagination.

So, now, when Bikini moaned desperately beside Bulma and expressed a desire for her tail to grow back— The one aspect of her appearance that had ever ACTUALLY been weird— Bulma was confused. “Y—Your tail?” She asked. “Why do you want THAT back?”

“Because two hands aren’t enough,” Bikini complained, nodding down to indicate the appendages crammed needfully between her constantly twisting thighs, a shudder roaming its way up her spine as her eyes squeezed closed.

“Oh,” Bulma breathed, feeling her own bladder tighten in sympathy, a small flare of heat at her opening that she had to strain to avoid turning into a dribble. That DID make sense, she supposed. She remembered Goku holding himself with his tail sometimes when he was little and dying to pee. Maybe even Vegeta had done it back when he’d still had his tail… What an unusual sight that would have been. It was probably an instinctive thing Saiyans did when they had to go badly enough, like the way humans felt compelled to cross their legs.

Right… Thinking too hard about peeing again.

There was ONE thing Bulma felt they could talk about; She knew Bikini had a bit of interest in romance. She read romance novels often, they were pretty much the only books that held her attention without needing to contain drawings and speech bubbles. She’d started to read adult romance a little YOUNGER than Bulma would have preferred, thanks to Master Roshi leaving her alone with his ‘library’ once. Bulma had been furious with him, and after Bikini had gotten a taste of those stories, she kept wanting more. She’d borrow them from Roshi and hide them in her room until she finally got old enough that her parents couldn’t reprimand her over it anymore.

But, Bulma was glad for that interest now. It had given her an idea; Something to talk about that wasn’t related to the typhoons locked away in both their abdomens. “Bikini, are there any boys at school you like?”

Bikini huffed out a breath, and Bulma wasn’t sure if she was annoyed at the question, or by the pothole they’d just driven over that had delivered a rather nasty shock to their bladders. From the flinch that followed, and the straining in Bikini’s arm muscles as she pressed down on her crotch harder, Bulma assumed it was the pothole. “Ugh, no,” Bikini said after a moment, having regained her bearings enough to respond. “All the boys there are massive idiots, pulling stupid jokes all the time. You know, like the one that forced me to hold my pee all day!”

“You think it was a boy that did the cherry bomb thing?” Bulma gathered. She tried to keep the weary look off of her face. Here she was, trying to strike up a conversation to make them both forget about peeing, but Bikini was bringing the topic back anyway. Not that Bulma could blame her, Bikini hadn’t let go of herself even for a second. If she was full enough to openly squeeze her crotch nonstop without any attempt to hide it, it must have been damn near impossible for her to think of anything other than the burning need to release the floodwaters.

“It had to be,” Bikini said. “It started in the boys’ locker room.” She leaned back in her seat. Her bladder felt swollen as Hell, and it probably WAS too, she just didn’t want to lift her shirt up to check. Still, she knew that the urgent bump MUST have been there, searing beneath the surface of her skin, ripe and ready to burst. If she sat too far forward, she added to the pressure on top of it. Leaning back as far as she could at least gave it a little more room.

What she wanted most of all was to rip off the seat-belt. She didn’t NEED it! She’d been thrown through big walls of rock before and come out of it with just some scrapes and bruises. Even if the car DID crash, she’d be more or less unscathed, even without a seat-belt. But, Bikini had been desperate during car rides before, and she’d TRIED releasing the belt to keep it from compressing her bladder during many of those occasions. Mom always scolded her to put it back on, “I know it squeezes honey, but if a cop sees you in here without it on, I’ll be in trouble.”

But, it was always doing MORE than just ‘squeezing’. It was like having her bladder strangled, locked in a vice. It was like it cut into the sensitive, over-stretched skin, trying to rub it raw, peel away the flesh covering her bladder and dig right into it until it tore. This particular time, when she needed relief SO unfathomably badly, was worse than ever. Mom should let her remove the torturous strap, just this once. Just this one time, when she’d been holding it for so long and could barely hold it.

The only thing stopping her from taking the belt off was the fact that she didn’t dare budge her hands. They were needed right where they were, fingers deftly plugging her overtaxed sphincters closed with all their might. She was pushing her hands so firmly against her opening that things down there were starting to feel weirdly sore, but she was so on-edge that she couldn’t control her strength. She couldn’t let go of herself for anything, not unless she was right at a toilet and about to pull her panties down.

So, the belt remained.

Oh, how she wanted her tail… With an extra limb, this would be so much easier…

“Th—That’s where it started?” Bulma repeated. “You know it was a boy?”

“Y—Yeah,” Bikini grunted. “L—Like I said, they’re all morons at that school. I’d never have a crush on a dumbass. He’s gotta be able to rub two brain-cells together, at least.”

“They’re not ALL morons,” Bulma pointed out. And, her bladder must have been searing too brightly for HER to rub two brain-cells together, because that was the only reasonable explanation for what she said next; “What about Gohan?”

“What ABOUT Gohan?” Bikini asked. “I don’t have a crush on HIM, if that’s what you mean. I can’t. Dad would lose his damn mind.”

Bulma was fairly certain the second part of Bikini’s statement was correct. However, she doubted the first part was. She’d doubted THAT for a long time…

There was a moment during the fight against Buu, where Bikini had been convinced Gohan had died. She hadn’t been able to sense his chi anymore. For the first time since they’d met, Bikini couldn’t feel his energy anywhere. The SECOND that happened, Bikini had been overwhelmed with a sheer, physical pain the likes of which she’d never known. She had not been injured, she had not even been present at the sight of the battle, busy instead with helping to move her unconscious brother. But, when Gohan’s chi vanished, the one comfort that had always been there through everything, no matter what… She was alight with horrific wounds, her body flooded by a cold, stark wave of emotion and agony. Every nerve ending within her was exploding, feelings she couldn’t even name erupting in every space inside her. She burned, she froze, she screamed at the intense sensation that something was just… Wrong. She’d already lost her father so completely today, she couldn’t— Please, no— Not Gohan, too—

And, she’d transformed. Her hair lit, went wild, energy surging through her, she felt feral, she felt broken, she felt like she wasn’t herself anymore and then she’d just blacked out. It had all been over in a matter of seconds.

When she came to again, she was on The Lookout.

Piccolo was explaining things to Bulma, and Bikini had needed an explanation too, she couldn’t remember anything, just that something inside her gut felt like it had been severed. She’d asked for a senzu bean, assuming she’d been injured.

“You weren’t hurt,” Piccolo said. “Suddenly, around the time Gohan’s energy faded, your own energy became erratic.”

“Gohan’s— Where’s Gohan?!— Where—“

“For a second, it looked like you reached a level beyond Super Saiyan,” Piccolo said. “But, it fizzled out just as quickly.”

And, hearing all of that, Bulma… She just didn’t think that that level of emotion, enough to trigger that sort of a power-up, could be caused by the loss of someone Bikini didn’t love on a level deeper than friendship. She hadn’t even seen what happened to Gohan, she’d just felt him fade, that alone had been enough. Cutting off their constant physical connection to one another— their ability to sense each other— had been enough. One second without Gohan’s chi SOMEWHERE on the planet had been more than Bikini could handle.

It wasn’t until after Buu’s defeat, everything put right again, that Bulma realized Bikini’s strong feelings for Gohan could pose an issue. Gohan was Goku’s son, and Vegeta…

‘Dad would lose his damn mind’ may have been putting it lightly…

“O—Okay,” Bulma said now, mashing her knees together against a particularly awful throb. At least the traffic was moving a little faster now, and they hadn’t hit any other bumps since that last brutal one. “So, no crushes, then?”

“Of course not,” Bikini said. “Like I said, no dumbasses, if they’re stupider than me they’d piss me off too much. I need someone that can explain hard stuff to ME, not the other way around. And, if I get married, it’s gotta be to someone that I can actually do fun stuff with. I can’t be with someone that’s too weak to spar with me. I don’t wanna accidentally put the guy in the hospital hugging him, either.”

Bulma nodded, this WAS kind of taking her mind off her bladder. It was painfully obvious to her that Bikini was expressing the desire for a VERY specific boy, and perhaps if she wasn’t so worried about displeasing her father, she’d be a little more honest about that. “You know, if you ever want some help talking to your dad about someth—“ Before Bulma could finish the offer, she was interrupted by a petrifying twinge from between her legs, her sphincters forgetting their task for just long enough to allow a few dribbles to breech her dam, warmly soaking into her clothes. She released a high pitched squeak and one hand dove to her crotch, cramming itself there just in time to stop the next burst from spurting out.

Bikini instantly realized what had just happened to her mother, and the thought of someone ELSE leaking in such close proximity to her made her own bladder cramp with sick violence, throb after throb pounding through it, straight down to her trembling urethra. She felt the tiny hole flaring, burning, and finally loosening.

A thin trickle of heat sloshed forth, the hiss audible as she felt the material against her clenched hands growing damp. “A—Ah!” She exclaimed, tightening her hold on herself and doubling over, which only served to squash her bladder and cause it to void even more ferociously. “Ah— No!” She begged, flopping backwards against her seat, feeling the belt pulling tautly around the firm boulder of pure need in her core. Her leak stuttered, stopping and starting, little jets of fluid shoving their way out every other second, between her panicked gasps.

“I can’t— I can’t—“ she gasped, the belt was too tight— She was going to have a full-blown accident! Panicked, she shoved one hand away from her groin and unlatched the seat-belt, removing the awful feeling of bladder-strangulation and allowing the bloated organ to settle down and stop dribbling. The hand immediately retook its place against her now sodden nether-regions. It felt clammy and uncomfortable, but— thank fuck— nothing more was coming out.

Bulma cringed. She knew she should tell her daughter to wear her seat-belt, if not for her protection, then to comply with the law, but… She couldn’t. Not after that display of pure, unbridled desperation. Not after she’d been able to HEAR Bikini’s momentary lapse in control, see her just BARELY stop herself from a full-fledged soaking.

Bikini was FULL. Fuller than full. Making her wrap something over her bladder would be the cruelest thing possible right now. And, it would DEFINITELY result in an absolutely drenched Saiyan, a flooded car-seat… Well, probably TWO of those, because Bulma doubted she’d be able to carry on holding her own tide in if Bikini burst right in front of her…

Screw the seat-belt… Bikini needed all the help she could get.

But, so did Bulma. Now that she’d let go of a few drops, her bladder was SCREAMING to release everything else. A half-second long dribble had not been NEARLY enough to satiate it. It was like taking just a single cup of water out of the ocean. It was nothing.

“Mom!” Bikini blurted once she’d managed to make her breathing return to normal. “Mom— I— I don’t think I can wait much longer! What if I don’t make it?!”

Bulma bit back a shudder. If Bikini didn’t make it, neither would she… She also could barely fathom the degree of need Bikini must have been in. With her alien biology, super-human strength and all… If she was THIS close to an accident, if she was sort of already HAVING one given the severity of that leak… “Y—You will make it,” Bulma said, trying to reassure Bikini as well as herself.

“B—But what if I don’t?” Bikini asked. “I have to go really, really bad, and there’s nowhere— Wh—What if I— D—Dad will b—be disappointed, a—and—“

“No,” Bulma interrupted. She knew Vegeta wouldn’t be angry with Bikini if she had an accident. He would go completely NUCLEAR on the school for PUTTING her in this position, but he would NOT be mad at her. Given his own hang-ups regarding urination, it was more likely he’d fly into an absolute PANIC at the possibility that Bikini could inherit the one thing he’d NEVER want to pass down.

“H—He would, he’d be m—mad, and—“

“He’d try to hunt down whoever messed up the plumbing and destroy THEM, their whole family, and ANYTHING they hold dear,” Bulma interrupted. “He would NOT be mad at YOU. Just… Try to hold it, okay? We’ll make it… Somewhere. I promise.” She winced, gritting her teeth. She didn’t like to make promises to her kids that she wasn’t sure if she’d be able to keep… Her own restraint was starting to give out, Bikini was freaking out like she did when she was losing a fight…

They barely had ANY time left whatsoever.

They either found somewhere to pee in the next five minutes, or they soaked the car. There was no way around it.

Thankfully, they were finally getting off the highway. There was SOME chance now that they’d get to relieve themselves properly. Bulma’s eyes darted left and right, searching for somewhere— ANYWHERE— to go. She didn’t care where it was anymore, and she doubted Bikini did, either. Her poor daughter was near tears and might even be willing to pop a squat right in the middle of the road if it meant she’d get to pee.

Bulma was nearly at that point herself…

Ugh, the convenience store was closed! The bar next to it didn’t open for a few more hours, the—

The… Alleyway BETWEEN those two buildings was… There.

Bulma tried to ignore it. There would have to be an ACTUAL bathroom soon, right? Her bladder flipped in her gut, begging her to just go HERE. It was the first place that looked like relief to her in AGES.

Beside her, Bikini was curled up in a little ball of pain, her hands grasping desperately, her feet tucked beneath her, almost vibrating from the tension.

Bikini had to go NOW.

And, being honest with herself, so did Bulma. Another warm trickle glided out of her the closer they got to the alleyway.

They HAD to do this…

Bikini would be FINE with it, Bulma knew. Bikini didn’t have ANY issue with peeing outside like Bulma did. Sometimes, Bulma even thought her daughter might have just LIKED urinating outdoors, having gotten so used to it growing up.

“O—Okay, sweetie,” Bulma said. “I’m pulling over now… Just hold on. We’ll go between these buildings, alright? And I won’t let anyone see us…”

“G—Good,” Bikini managed. No protest whatsoever, just as Bulma had figured. Just pure relief that the ordeal was nearly over.

Bulma stopped the car and gingerly climbed out, her bladder DID give a few protests, and she finally had to unbutton her pants just to encourage it to stay closed until she got to the right spot.

Bikini opened her car door and limped out. She was utterly unable to stand up completely, stuck in an agonized curtsey as she danced on the spot, hopping between her feet so quickly that she was almost blurring. “H—Hold it…” she mumbled to herself. “Please…”

The two made it down the alley as quickly as they could. It was Hell trying to make it to the very end, both of them yearning to just let go of their burdens as soon as they’d stepped foot behind the buildings. But, they were less likely to be seen towards the back, away from the sidewalk. Every step drew whimpers from both of their lips, and Bikini’s eyes watered even more.

At last, they’d made it. Bikini started to lift up her school skirt, yanking down her panties and lowering herself into a squat. She moved her feet apart, hoping not to splash them, aware that the puddle she was about to make was going to be enormous.

Bulma did the same, lowering her pants before crouching, taking in a deep breath. Her face was scorching hot with an almost painful blush, trying to block out the possibility that someone might spot her and her daughter using this area as a bathroom. “I— I can’t believe we’re really doing this…”

“Me neither,” Bikini admitted. She had used public restrooms with her Mom before, of course. They’d peed in adjacent stalls plenty of times. But, the lack of any doors or partitions here made the whole experience of relieving themselves together that much more awkward. Bikini was hesitant to let go, though she could feel her opening burning with the furious need for release. A warm droplet plinked out onto the concrete beneath her, and then another, her bladder filled to the brim and refusing to stay completely shut any longer.

And, she shouldn’t have been TRYING to keep the floodgate closed, either. She was squatting in the bushes, her underwear around her knees, legs parted enough to avoid too much splash-back. Her body knew it was in the most optimal position for urination, that it was well past time to go, the only reason the inevitable geyser hadn’t erupted yet was because she was STILL consciously holding it back. Turning her head away from her mother, she mumbled; “But there’s nowhere else… Ah— I HAVE to—“

She was interrupted when her lower muscles suddenly just relaxed all on their own, and her long awaited stream began to gush its way out, splattering the ground below her. She exhaled a long, low, satisfied sigh as pure relief washed over her. Her bladder was no longer aching, instead it was just blissfully shrinking down as the liquid pumped itself out. “Ahhhh…”

As soon as the sound of Bikini’s torrent met Bulma’s ears, her own bladder split open and the river she’d been containing for so long began to spray. It streamed out of her with an ear-splitting hiss, much to her embarrassment. She released a heavy sigh of relief alongside a breathy murmur. “I’m sorry, sweetie… This is really undignified…”

“Mmm…” Bikini offered, unable to comment TOO much about their current situation when she felt THIS amazing. She did shut her eyes, however. Both to forget about where she was, and because she was so overwhelmed by the force of her relief that it was difficult to even keep them open. Letting it all go after hours and hours of painful restraint was so relaxing that all she wanted to do was lose herself in the wonderful sensation,

Following Bikini’s lead, Bulma closed her eyes as well, trying to blot out her surroundings and focus only on the bliss of emptying her bloated bladder. She tried to ignore the sounds as both Bikini’s stream and her own kept hissing and splashing against the concrete, thoroughly soaking the material. “Ahh… Better…” Bulma breathed once the final droplets had plinked out. She quickly stood and pulled up her pants, but saw that Bikini was still unleashing a flood.

Bulma did her best to tamp down the concern, reminding herself that Bikini was half-Saiyan and her biology was not entirely human. She shouldn’t expect her body to have the same limits as a human, but that was STILL an awful lot of liquid to let out all at once…

Bikini’s eyes were still closed, but she could hear that her mother had finished peeing, and could almost FEEL her eyes on her as she kept gushing away with no end in sight. Her face felt warm again, at odds with the cold stream of sweat that trickled down her spine. “Al—Almost done!” She blurted out, though it didn’t feel like that was exactly TRUE…

Spotting the redness on her daughter’s face, Bulma quickly assured her; “O—Oh! Take your time! No need to rush!” She had to remember that, not only was Bikini part Saiyan, she was also part VEGETA, and that meant she’d inherited a VERY large bladder AND a predisposition towards self-consciousness and intense anxiety. The last thing Bulma needed was Bikini ending up with the same abysmal stage-fright as Vegeta.

Bikini visibly relaxed at Bulma’s words, and after another minute her stream dwindled down to a little trickle before stopping completely. She shivered as the final drops exited her bladder, it just felt so good to finally be empty. “Ahhh…” She stood and adjusted her clothing back into place, still tingling all over from the rush of relief she’d just experienced. “I feel MUCH better now.”

“I hope so,” Bulma said. “Poor girl, I can’t believe you had to wait ALL day… I’m going to have a word with the school about this.”

“I was gonna tell Dad about it,” Bikini said. “He’ll want to know why I’m late for traini—“

“Do NOT tell Vegeta,” Bulma insisted. “If HE hears about what they put you through, you might not even HAVE a school to go to anymore.”

*007*2025-06-09 17:47

Bikini and Videl

Videl didn’t know why she was bothering with this. She’d learned to fly like she’d wanted to— A fat load of good that had done her, all things considered— so there was no point in continuing with these ‘lessons’. She wasn’t planning on fighting again any time soon. Not after last time.

She had no idea what had compelled her to come over to Gohan’s house today anyway. Bikini just kept asking her while they were at school, bemoaning that Videl was one of the ONLY other girls she knew who liked to fight. “Gohan’s mom only does it if she’s not busy with something else… And Android Eighteen barely does it anymore unless she’s getting paid. So that means if YOU stop, I’m gonna be the last one again!”

It must have been the eyes that did it. Bikini had really big eyes that were only magnified when she was upset.

Maybe, Videl thought, training with Bikini and Gohan again would do her some good. Maybe it would help get rid of that strange feeling she’d been experiencing every time she thought about entering a battle. It had come out of nowhere, ever since the World Tournament, and it frustrated her. It wasn’t as though she’d never felt scared during a fight before. It wasn’t as though she’d never lost. So what if that particular loss had been a little more dramatic than most? Gohan had given her that special, magic bean afterwards and everything had healed RIGHT up. So, it should have been like it had never even happened!

She didn’t have a scratch on her, not even the smallest hint of a bruise. When she flexed her arms and legs, she didn’t feel sore or achy. The slate had been wiped completely clean.

So then why was it, every time her dad told her to just go beat up a punching-bag, that Videl’s mouth went dry as all the moisture seemed to transport itself into her palms instead? Why did she shake? Why did she approach the bag and just… Suddenly feel too weak to even lift her arm?

Dad encouraged her in his brash, loud way. “Lemme show you how it’s done!” He’d declare, whacking the thing a few times. But, Videl wouldn’t copy him, she’d insist she still had homework to do, whether that was actually true or not.

She hadn’t told Gohan or Bikini about it, because it felt so stupid. She got beaten up badly one time, and now she was too… too… Apprehensive? To ever try again? Those two had lived alone in the wilderness for months! They’d fought against opponents that could kill them with just a few hits! Gohan had gotten his neck broken, Bikini had had an extremely sensitive limb ripped clean off her body! They’d both watched their fathers die! That was all WAY worse than what Videl had gone through What right did she even HAVE to be feeling this way when her friends had both suffered so much more and still hadn’t given up?

Videl HAD to train with them again, it was the only thing she could think of to snap herself out of this.

So, there she was at Gohan’s house, trying to follow his and Bikini’s instructions so that she could finally make an energy ball form in one of her hands. It wasn’t working. She couldn’t even manage a meager spark. If she’d been able to fire chi blasts, like her friends, she probably wouldn’t have gotten hurt so bad at the tournament, she probably would have been able to—

“You can do this,” Bikini said gently. “Pay attention to your energy and your breathing.”

“Yeah, right,” Videl mumbled. “Don’t coddle me.” Her issue was that she was too soft and weak, the only reason one defeat could have transformed her into this hesitant, timid thing that couldn’t even work up the nerve to beat up an inanimate object anymore. Bikini talking to her like she was made of glass wasn’t going to make it any better. She didn’t need encouragement. She needed criticism— Blunt and harsh, breaking down EVERYTHING she was doing that was so wrong.

“Bikini’s right though,” Gohan said gently. “It’s all about focusing on your chi and staying focused. It’s alright, we had a lot of trouble our first time, too.” He turned to Bikini. “R—Remember?” He prodded.

“O—Oh, yeah,” Bikini nodded. “It took us ages to figure it out at first. If we hadn’t already seen Piccolo do it a bunch of times, we would have thought he was just making it all up and it was impossible.”

Videl sighed, closing her eyes tightly. Their reminiscing was making it worse. She didn’t need to have it pointed out to her again that THEY’D been able to do this stuff ever since they were toddlers— No matter how tricky it may have been for them back then. She also didn’t appreciate yet ANOTHER reminder of how close Gohan and Bikini were to each other. They’d been through EVERYTHING together. Inseparable. Literally.

Bikini had had an absolute meltdown when she’d been unable to sense Gohan’s energy for the first time in her life. Videl wasn’t super sure how that ‘energy-feeling’ thing even worked, but apparently losing hold of Gohan’s had caused Bikini actual, severe physical pain. And, Videl knew that when Bikini got killed on another planet, Gohan had felt much the same way, like something vital had been severed and it had made him sick.

And, there Videl was, trying to be a part of their whole thing. When she had neither the strength, the courage, nor the shared history to really justify it. Videl had been killed during the fight against Buu as well, had either of them felt anything nearly as significant? She was just their friend from school, and would never be anything more than that.

And, thinking that way confused her. Not just that she wished for something more, but that she wished for something more with BOTH of them in equal measures. She’d never felt connected to anyone the way she did with Gohan and Bikini— They each saw HER instead of her father’s celebrity status. And, for some reason, they liked what they saw.

Even though she couldn’t make this stupid energy ball thing.

But, what if they found out about how she was… Too scared to fight anymore? They’d think she was pathetic, nowhere near their levels, and utterly hopeless.

“Videl, focus…” Bikini said once more. “What works for me is picturing a big geyser in my stomach, imagining it erupting and sending lots of boiling water up through my chest and then down my arms.”

Videl grimaced at the imagery. In truth, the thought of something ‘erupting’ in her stomach made her picture herself vomiting a lot more than it did an energy ball. And, the mention of water made her notice something even more troubling. Her bladder was not particularly comfortable, resting a bit heavily between her hips.

She was always in some danger of this happening any time she came over to Gohan’s house after school. It was SUCH an immense distance away. Even now that she could fly with Gohan and Bikini once they were far enough from the school, it still took forever to reach their destination. Gohan would always need the bathroom by the time they arrived, and so would Videl. It always baffled her that Bikini apparently DIDN’T.

But then, maybe Bikini was always doing the same thing Videl herself did; Feeling too awkward about relieving herself at Gohan’s place, and holding it as a result. That didn’t sound super plausible, surely Bikini had peed with Gohan at least within earshot before. Using the toilet at his house couldn’t have been THAT embarrassing for her, right?

And, it couldn’t have been Videl’s presence that made Bikini hold back. They’d used the restroom at school together once before, and Bikini hadn’t gotten any stage-fright. Quite the opposite; She’d peed so copiously that Videl had gotten worried!

So, that had to have meant Bikini really just didn’t NEED to go. She somehow flew that massive distance without her bladder filling up. Lucky.

Videl, on the other hand, always had to withstand the urge. And, today it was quite a bit more intense than usual. When she’d been learning to fly, she’d spent a lot of the time standing still, so she’d gotten away with not hydrating too much. But, here, Gohan and Bikini kept having her move and change her stance, suggesting that jogging in place would help her energy flow better…

She couldn’t tell if her energy was flowing any easier, but the bottles of water Gohan kept insisting she sip from had caused something ELSE to flow just fine! And, she was occasionally squeezing her thighs together, her concentration breaking each time her bladder flared. And, the building pressure was making her temper a lot more difficult to contain. She knew her friends were trying to help, but… The way they kept cheering her on in spite of her complete lack of results just felt so damn patronizing. The next time Bikini spoke up, Videl snapped at her; “Stop telling me I’m doing fine! I’m obviously not!”

Bikini went quiet, shrinking back, her big eyes looking larger as they shimmered. Videl inhaled sharply. She hadn’t meant to do that! “S—Sorry!”

“It’s okay…” Bikini said, blinking a few times. Videl’s shout, so loud and sudden after several minutes of quiet, had startled her a little. And, Bikini’s body was not in the mood to be startled. The resulting tension in her muscles was entirely unwelcome, causing dissatisfied cramps in her lower abdomen and a very intense desire to grab Gohan’s arm and drag him off, whisper to him that she needed to use his bathroom very, very badly.

Her bladder had been searing since they’d GOTTEN here. And, honestly, if it had just been her and Gohan, she would have used the toilet as soon as HE’D been done with it. It was just… After the last time she’d relieved herself near Videl, Bikini wasn’t looking forward to doing it again. It had… Freaked Videl out. True, Videl hadn’t known that Bikini was half alien back then, so MAYBE she’d be less disturbed by her bladder capacity now that she was aware, but Bikini was still nervous about making her uncomfortable.

Or… Or Videl thinking she was gross…

Bikini knew she probably didn’t smell that great since she’d been working up a sweat demonstrating moves for Videl. Pissing out a barrel of liquid where Videl could hear wouldn’t improve things worth a damn.

Videl was so much prettier than her. Bikini would be willing to bet that Videl’s feet and armpits never smelled even HALF as bad as her own always did after training. She probably smelled like roses no matter how much she’d been sweating!

And, why was Bikini so nervous about THAT all of the sudden? Hell, she’d THREATENED to make her opponents sniff her feet just to intimidate them before, and the laughter this would garner from the other fighters made her feel good! But, the idea of Videl thinking she smelled bad, or was disgusting for any other reason…

Bikini would hold it until she could come up with a good excuse to leave and find TOTAL privacy— No chance of being overheard by anyone. She subtly shifted from foot to foot, glancing at Gohan and sort of hoping to catch his attention. Something about her recent experiences with her had sort of snapped her out of her earlier embarrassment about letting him know she had to pee. He’d already seen her at her full adult capacity. He’d seen her leaking as an adult. He’d seen her going as an adult. And, he’d treated it as if it were no bigger deal than it had been when they were kids. Him noticing that she needed a bathroom break now would be no big deal.

But, he was zeroed in on Videl, trying to assist her still. He paid no attention to Bikini’s anxious swaying, her building need for some relief.

Videl’s own need was worsening. Gohan had gotten her to sit down, insisting the position would help her channel her energy better. That wasn’t working at all, the mounting pressure was taking up so much of her attention that she couldn’t visualize her chi the way she was supposed to. All she COULD visualize was the image of her bladder expanding further and further, fluid scorching against its inner walls.

The seated position wasn’t helping matters. Her legs were too far apart to be of any use, and all she could do was press her body-weight more firmly against the ground in an effort to get some pressure against her dam. She moved from side to side awkwardly, but all this did was slosh up the contents of her aching bladder.

“Videl?” Gohan asked, observing her, confusion etched onto his face. “Are you getting tired? Want to take a little break?”

Videl huffed. “No! I can still do this!” she insisted. “I just need to— Need to concentrate! That’s all!”

“O—Okay,” Gohan said. “F—Fine. Keep trying.”

Videl tried to return to the task at hand— Both of them. Finding them each far more than difficult than ever. On one hand, she was fighting to get something to expel OUT from her palm, a burst of energy. On the other, she was struggling to keep something INSIDE of her abdomen, a long river of pee. With both of these tasks being so contradictory— desperately holding one back while trying to force the other to blast forth— she felt herself trembling. Every time she thought that her energy was moving, she would register that the heat she was experiencing was coming from too low down, and it was actually her bladder trying to pump out its burden.

Bikini watched Videl, noticing her body beginning to shake. She wanted to ask her friend if everything was okay, but having seen her just bite Gohan’s head off a moment ago for the same thing, she held her tongue. Holding THAT was easy. Continuing to hold her bladder was getting very, VERY hard. At least, not without moving around. She crossed her legs, bounced on her heels, and shot Gohan another look. If he’d just NOTICE that she had to go, he’d come up with a way for her to do it without the risk of Videl hearing anything! He’d know to keep Videl right here until Bikini came back from the bathroom!

She knew she should probably just tell him. Just… Whisper it to him. It was fine to tell Gohan she needed to pee now, he’d made it very clear that he wasn’t put-off by the reminder that she had a bladder. It was STILL a pretty embarrassing thing to say out-loud, though. But, it was a lot less embarrassing than holding it until she was uncontrollably dancing around, which she felt dangerously close to doing.

“Gohan! Gohan! I have to pee!”

That hadn’t been Bikini’s voice. It had been Goten’s, and Bikini squeezed her thighs together as the boy came running into the clearing, standing beside his brother and hopping from foot to foot.

Gohan knelt down beside him, scolding him gently. “D—Don’t say that in front of the girls, Goten. Just—“

“But, Bikini tells me and Trunks when she has to go!” Goten whined. “She always says that she has to take a leak, that’s way ruder!”

Bikini felt her face flush a very bright red. Yes, she said that to THEM sometimes, but they were just little boys, and it made them laugh! Bikini’s gaze flicked to Gohan and Videl. Gohan was blushing just as hard, and Videl was fidgeting in her spot. Ugh, Videl probably thought Bikini was gross now!

Gohan shut his eyes, breathed deeply. “Goten, you’re embarrassing her.”

“But, she says it—“

“Just go use the restroom, okay? You don’t have to tell me.”

Goten’s lip trembled again. “But, Mom said ‘No peeing outside when there’s girls around!’ And, then she went to the store and the door to the house is locked, and if I break it open again she’s gonna take my toys away.”

Gohan sighed again. “Alright, alright… I have my key, I’ll let you in. We all need a break anyway.”

Bikini’s cheeks didn’t cool down. A break SHOULD have been a welcome thing to her, but Videl would be coming too, so it wasn’t like Bikini could use the restroom once Goten was finished with it. Gohan’s house was too small, her stream would be audible throughout the whole place. And, after what Goten had just said, Bikini’s chest tingled even more at the idea of Videl hearing it.

The walk back to the house wasn’t far, but Videl hated every step of it. Each time she placed a foot down against the ground, the vibration would carry up her leg and slam into her brimming bladder, ensuring that at least a few horrendous spasms would careen through it. Her thighs were held together so tightly that they were starting to cramp, and her fists clenched at her sides just to avoid putting her hands against her crotch.

Bikini was trying her best to walk without bending her knees, which seemed to be the only way to do it without rocking her bladder too violently. If Videl asked why she was moving so funny, she’d say that it was a new exercise her dad taught her to strengthen her legs… Which, Bikini realized, was actually the EXACT excuse her father would use if he was in this situation himself.

When Gohan’s house came into view, Bikini bit back a groan. Her bladder was loosening itself up, recognizing a place where she’d granted it relief tons and tons of times before. It didn’t understand that she simply could NOT let Videl hear her pee, and that it would have to keep waiting and containing itself until further notice. It was convinced that she’d be using the toilet as soon as Goten had finished, that she’d be emptying it in just a few more minutes at most.

They reached the door. Videl stood off to the side, a flinch passing over her features when Gohan unlocked it. It reminded her of the sound of her OWN house’s front door unlocking, a bathroom just down the hall, waiting for her to make use of it. There would be no relief for her here… Not with Gohan right there!

Goten sprinted inside as soon as the door was open. Videl heard a door slam, and then the trickle of water against water followed by a happy sigh. Ah, so loud… If Videl relieved herself here, she’d probably be even louder… She wriggled, her legs brushing up against one another, eyes fixated on the door to the bathroom. The flowing liquid just beyond that barrier was like a special kind of torture. Goten hadn’t needed to go as badly as Videl did now, that was just impossible!

Bikini’s Saiyan hearing made her own experience even worse. The sound of each and every droplet got caught inside her head, swirling down, down, down to her aching abdomen and plinking off the taut walls of her engorged bladder. She wanted to bolt to the door, knock on it as hard as she could without outright destroying it, beg Goten to hurry, but her anxieties kept her rooted to her spot, clenching her upper thighs and mashing her knees together.

“Bikini, Videl?” Gohan asked. “You want anything? A drink, or—“

“No!” Videl answered abruptly. Then, with a shaky breath, mumbled. “N—No. No, thank you…”

“I’m f—fine,” Bikini said. She doubted that she could even LOOK at a beverage right now without needing to resort to slamming her hands against her crotch.

“Okay,” Gohan said. His eyes lingered on Bikini for a second, moving down her trembling legs and up towards her abdomen, which she knew was starting to swell just slightly. “Bikini, do you need—“

“Ahhh…” Goten grinned, running back out of the bathroom. “I feel lots better! Can we play now? I’m bored!”

Gohan laughed lightly. “I guess we could, we’re still taking our break. But, I think Bikini—“

“What do you want to play?” Bikini interrupted. If Gohan finished that sentence, if he offered her use of the restroom… She just knew she wouldn’t be able to say no. She’d nod, thank him profusely, run in and pee like crazy, and Videl would hear it all.

“Um… Hide and seek!” Goten decided.

Gohan looked at him, uncertain. “Um… Goten, that doesn’t really WORK when we can sense each other’s energy, remember?”

“Yeah, only Videl can’t do that,” Goten said. “So, she’ll be the seeker.”

Videl flinched, like she’d been dealt a physical blow. Great. Another reminder of how she didn’t exactly fit in with Gohan and Bikini. One more thing that they could do with ease, and she couldn’t. She glanced back and forth between them, nervous fluttering in her belly, getting dangerously close to her poor bladder. It didn’t LOOK like they were disappointed in her for not being able to sense energy, but—

“O—Okay,” Gohan said. “Guess that could work. Videl?”

“Y—Yeah… Fine…” Videl said. She covered her eyes and started to count out loud. She tried to do it slowly, but the urgency in her middle made her want to do EVERYTHING quickly, as if that would somehow get her some relief faster. Maybe this COULD give her a chance to unload her flood, though. Hopping on her toes before crossing her legs, she tried to listen very closely. If she heard the front door opening and closing, then that would mean her friends were hiding outside, right? In that case, she could use the restroom without Gohan hearing a drop. Yeah, that could work!

And, she DID hear the front door being messed with… Phew… Okay… She could FINALLY use the bathroom. Her counting increased in speed, knowing she had to reach one hundred or else Goten would complain she’d cheated. “E—Eighteen, nineteen, tw—twenty…”

***

Bikini had gone straight to the bathroom as soon as the game had begun. She stood anxiously beside the toilet, her fingers lightly grazing her gi belt as she vividly fantasized about yanking down her pants and taking a VERY badly needed seat. Videl was counting really loudly, maybe THAT would cover up the noise?! Oh, but she was ONLY counting to one hundred, and Bikini would NOT be done by then… Especially with how quickly Videl was going. Bikini would still be unleashing a violent, hissing typhoon, and Videl would find her immediately in the most embarrassing way imaginable.

“Ninety one, ninety two, ninety three…” she heard from outside the restroom and, at a loss for any other ideas, Bikini climbed into the bathtub and pulled the curtain closed.

If nothing else, this gave her a few minutes of privacy. She quickly made use of it, she sat down before shoving her hands against herself and crossing her legs into a gnarled, desperate knot. She squeezed herself hard, savoring the minuscule taste of relief this granted her. It was NOTHING compared to the sensation of actually peeing, and being IN a bathroom but not using it made her bite back several moans of displeasure.

She’d peed here PLENTY of times, her body knew this was a spot to release, continuing to hold it was beyond difficult. Her scorching, agonized lower muscles were straining against themselves, fighting to shove out the liquid whether she wanted to allow it or not. Her eyes burned from the constant, ever-worsening pressure.

***

The instant she was done counting, Videl opened her eyes. She gave the room a cursory glance, thinking it looked empty enough, so she allowed her hands to make a dive for her crotch, gripping firmly as she hobbled her way into the bathroom. “Ah… Finally…” she murmured under her breath, turning around to close the door.

At the sound of the door clicking into place, Bikini tensed, her hold on her crotch becoming almost painful as she dug her fingertips against her trembling opening. She sensed Videl’s chi, heard her haggard breathing, then the sound of the toilet lid being opened.

Bikini’s eyes widened. Was Videl about to—

Bikini heard a zipper being tugged down, watched Videl’s shadow from behind the curtain as she started to shimmy her shorts down her hips and—

“Woah!” Bikini blurted out, releasing one hand from her groin to hurriedly open the curtain. “H—Hold on! Hold on!” Letting go of herself like that prompted a panicked spurt to squeeze itself free past her screeching sphincters, and she quickly shoved that hand back against herself with a panicked grunt.

Videl jumped and let out a frantic noise of her own, a strangled sound deep in the back of her throat. Immediately, she felt a warm trickle moving down one of her inner thighs and she squealed as she gripped her crotch again, both clamping off her leak and shielding Bikini’s view of her partially exposed panties. “Ah! I didn’t— I didn’t know you were—“

“I’m sorry!” Bikini exclaimed, rocking against her clutched hands as she struggled to stand. She’d barely managed to raise herself into a crouch before her bladder issued another threatening dribble out into her clothing. “Nnnnh! Ah—!” Bikini curled up on herself, fighting to get back on her feet.

“D—Do you have to go, too?” Videl asked, alarmed as she saw her tough, strong friend doubling over in clear agony.

There was no sense denying it, not when Bikini was grabbing herself with both hands and barely able to stand up. “Yes! I need to go, too!” The words felt like an understatement. She’d ‘needed’ to go earlier, back when they’d been outside. Now, she was to the point she thought she’d die if she didn’t pee.

“O—Oh, oh…” Videl hopped urgently on the balls of her heels. Just looking at Bikini, it was clear that she couldn’t wait much longer. And, if she had to wait while Videl went, hearing Videl’s stream patter into the bowl… Bikini… Bikini was really, really tough, but surely ANYONE would have an accident under those conditions.

But, there was no way Videl could wait on Bikini, either. Videl had heard Bikini go once before, and it… It took a while. Back then Videl had thought it was freaky, she’d been scared Bikini had some kind of infection. After she’d found out Bikini was an alien, it made sense though. She peed a lot because her biology was different from a human’s. That was fine.

It was fine unless Videl was going to have to try containing herself while Bikini peed, anyway. THAT wasn’t fine at all.

“I— I don’t think we can wait on each other!” Videl admitted. “What are we going to do?”

Bikini barely managed to drag herself out of the tub, spilling another few drops along the way before she was able to tangle her legs together again. “I— I d—don’t know! I—“ She gritted her teeth, shut her eyes tightly. “We c—could fuse?!”

Videl took a second to process that— A second that neither of their bladders really had. And, by the time she’d finished running that over in her head, it still didn’t make any sense. “Fuse?! What’s THAT gonna do?! Forget about the chi-blast lesson for—“

“No— I mean— You know! If… If we’re in ONE body, then…”

Videl started to nod as the logic became clear. Yeah, if they combined themselves into just one body, then it wouldn’t matter that they only had one toilet. They could pee together. Weirdly, Videl even thought that option sounded less embarrassing. Technically, neither of them would be peeing in Gohan’s house; Vikini would be.

Bikini felt more comfortable with the idea, too. Their bladders would… Combine, and it would be less obvious how copiously SHE peed, specifically. They’d BOTH be going a whole lot.

“Oh, but… Bikini, I can’t do that dance like this,” Videl said. “If I move my legs apart, I’m gonna… You know!”

Bikini worried at her lip. “I… I don’t think I can move my hands,” she admitted. “And… Bending over like that when we touch our fingers together? I’ll…”

“We’ll burst,” Videl agreed, now imagining Vikini appearing in a flash of light, only to collapse into a puddle of shame in the milliseconds that followed.

It wasn’t going to work.

“One of us could use the sink?” Videl suggested.

“Gohan’s mom would k—kill us if she found out,” Bikini said.

“I— I—“ Videl clamped her eyes closed. This was the most embarrassing plan possible, and she wasn’t even sure if it would work out or just make a mess. She couldn’t bear to look at Bikini as she explained it. “Look, y—you’re… tiny. If we lift the seat up too, and I scooch WAY back, you could… We could go together?”

Bikini blanched. She went totally white, save for a very high concentration of blood in her cheeks. No… No way! Would that even work? And— And then she’d be— Videl would be closer than EVER as she… Peed and peed and peed… Videl would be disgusted by her, and—

“Bikini, that’s all I can think of!” Videl said. “Or— Can you make it outside, do you think?!”

Bikini slowly shook her head. She was already dribbling just standing there with her legs mashed together for dear life. If she moved them apart to walk, she’d lose all control. “C—Can you?”

“No way,” Videl said. “Let’s… Let’s do it, okay? We’ve… We’ve FUSED before, right? Thats’ gotta be the most intimate thing you can do with a person, this is… Isn’t as much.” It sounded like a lie even to her own ears. THIS was so much more personal than even literally sharing a body with someone else. “I won’t… I won’t look at anything, you know.”

Bikini’s bladder made up her mind for her, a violent twinge forcing her to step forwards. “Fine…”

Videl nodded, blushing and closing her eyes as she moved her shorts and panties the rest of the way down. Realizing that the only way this was going to work was for her to be completely bottomless, she stepped out of them, lifted the toilet seat, and sat herself down as far back as she could, her legs straddling on either side. Her stream should have started the second the bowl was beneath her, considering how terribly full she was, but it didn’t. She was simply too tense. She refused to open her eyes as she spoke. “C—Come on, Bikini.”

Bikini pulled down her own pants and took a seat in front of Videl, just as she’d suggested. Her back was right up against Videl’s chest, and she shivered. She couldn’t believe they were doing something so… So strange. A little droplet plinked out of her, falling into the bowl, at least confirming to her that her stream would end up where it was supposed to once she managed to let go.

IF she managed to let go…

Videl ran a shaky hand over Bikini’s arm as the half-Saiyan breathed nervously. “Shh… We’re okay, just relax… Imagine that geyser in your stomach again, but this time it’s pointed the other way.” Videl bore down on her own lower muscles, trying to start her stream and still having some difficulties.

The image did help Bikini a little, a slow dribble beginning to trickle from her. “Y—Yeah,” she nodded, releasing a little relieved breath. “You too, p—picture it like your chi… J—Just let it a—all flow, a—and give it a little push when it feels like it’s about to come out.”

Videl did. Was that what she’d been missing when trying to form the energy ball? The ‘little push’? She’d just been trying to ‘let it flow’, and maybe that was why she’d continued to lose it… When she pushed on her holding muscles, her stream began at last, splashing into the water beneath her. “Ahhh….” She sighed aloud. That had really worked… Even with all the awkwardness and nervous tension of their bizarre position, Bikini had told her exactly what to do to make it work.

Hearing Videl let go allowed Bikini to unclench herself the rest of the way, her little stream building into a furious hiss that couldn’t eject itself from her body fast enough. “Ohhh…” she moaned, losing herself for a second. But, then she registered the feeling of Videl’s body against her back. Videl, right there, hearing her moan as she sprayed like a broken fire-hydrant. She bit down on her lip, squirming slightly.

“It’s okay…” Videl said, mistaking the reason for her distress as she rubbed Bikini’s back. “We’re not making a mess, it’s working… Feel better?”

“This is embarrassing… I’m going so much, isn’t it gross?”

“You’re going so much because you’re an alien and you REALLY had to go,” Videl said, feeling her own face flush, she added; “And, I’m still nowhere near finished, either. You’re not the only one that was desperate.”

Videl wasn’t disgusted by her… That was good… Bikini even thought it was… Strange how OKAY she seemed to be with all of this. Now that they were both going, it was like all of Videl’s anxiety had evaporated. She was totally calm about the fact they’d found this weird, almost too intimate way to relieve themselves together.

As the pressure in Bikini’s bladder dwindled, the relief started to overwhelm all other sensation. She rested herself more against Videl, just enjoying the feeling of finally letting herself pee.

Videl’s own stream was finally starting to slow, but she could tell Bikini still had a lot left just from the sound. Her release was still furious and forceful, almost echoing as it battered the water in the bowl. Now that she’d grown more accustomed to their unusual position, the weirdest thing to Videl was how… Cute Bikini was right now. Bikini relaxing was just a really rare sight. Her whole family was as tense as a wire, so seeing ANY of them settle down like this was always surprising.

And she just felt… So, so close to Bikini right now. Obviously, they were PHYSICALLY close, very much so, but beyond that… Doing something so private together…

Without thinking, Videl started to rub Bikini’s stomach, eliciting a soft sigh from the other girl as her tender bladder received a little massage. “Good girl… Let it all out…” She wasn’t sure WHY she’d said it, and it sounded ridiculous as soon as the words were out of her mouth, but she couldn’t take it back now.

“Wh—What?” Bikini asked blearily, but her urine was still splashing away unabated. In fact, if anything she actually seemed to have loosened up MORE?

“N—Nothing, f—forget I said anything!” Videl stammered. “Just… Finish up. F—Feels good, right?”

“Mm… Yes…” Bikini nodded, closing her eyes again.

Videl sighed, thankful to have gotten through that without further questioning. She sat there for a couple more minutes, until Bikini’s stream dwindled back down to a dribble before stopping entirely. Bikini let out another heavy breath, signaling that she was finished.

“Done?” Videl asked. “You… Um… You get up first, I’ll have my eyes shut while you get your pants back up…”

Bikini nodded. “Okay, I’ll do the same for you,” she assured, laughing. “That was so weird. I can’t believe we did that. No one can EVER know, alright?”

“Of course not,” Videl agreed. “I think I’d die.”

Once they’d both gotten re-dressed, they left the restroom together, and Bikini was on full-alert. She could sense Gohan was close by, so he was inside the house. How much had he heard?! Videl’s eyes widened. She may not have been able to SENSE Gohan like Bikini could, but she had a decent idea of what that look on her friend’s face meant. The girls raced down the hall, finding Gohan and Goten at the kitchen table.

“Videl, you’re REAL bad at hide and seek,” Goten informed. “You only found Bikini in ALL that time?!”

“Um, yeah, guess I am really bad at it,” Videl said with a forced, anxious laugh.

Gohan was looking back at them, an unreadable look in his eyes. Bikini hunched her shoulders. She knew how powerful Saiyan hearing was. If he’d been in the house at all for ANY of that…

Gohan cleared his throat, “Did, um… Did you two… Er…” He shut his eyes. “Did—“

“Did you guys go pee together?” Goten blurted out.

Of course… HE had Saiyan hearing, too…

“‘Cause it sounded like it,” Goten said. “How’d that even work? ‘Cause I thought girls have to sit down every time, right? So, how’d—“

“Goten!” Gohan clamped his hand over Goten’s mouth. “They… Um… They were… I think they were just running the bathtub, actually! Bikini… Must have hidden somewhere muddy by mistake, so they were washing off!”

“Um… Yeah,” Bikini said. “That’s what happened.”

Videl nodded. “D—Definitely.”

*008*2025-06-16 18:59

Bikini and Piccolo

Bikini stood in the middle of a painfully long line. Keeping still and remaining in one spot was like torture to a Saiyan. It was one of the reasons school was so difficult for her, she needed to move around or else her energy would feel like it was building up inside of her, making her arms and legs tingle as though they were being tickled on the inside. It was such an irritating feeling…

Her energy wasn’t the only thing building up inside of her as she waited in this particular line, though. And, unfortunately, this line was NOT a line for a restroom, which was what she most needed at the moment. This was the line to purchase an autographed book, the latest release by one of Gohan’s favorite authors.

Gohan’s birthday was coming up, this would be the perfect gift for him, and Bikini was not going to leave the bookstore empty-handed.

Even if circumstances were conspiring to try and make her want to.

She had neglected to use the restroom before leaving home, under the misguided belief that if she got to the store QUICKLY enough, there wouldn’t be too much of a line. Alas, she discovered that some people had actually CAMPED OUT beside the bookstore so that they could be first.

So, her decision NOT to pee before heading out didn’t get her to the front of the line any faster. Instead, it just ensured she arrived to the store with a full bladder.

But, she hadn’t panicked. She was frustrated, yes, but since the line was ALREADY long, she decided it wouldn’t hurt to go use the bathroom before joining it.

Fate had other plans.

The women’s room was out of order, and after pacing beside the door for a couple minutes, she thought about what her father would tell her to do had he been there beside her; “Just use the men’s, don’t torture yourself needlessly because of some idiotic rule.”

So, she’d TRIED to use the men’s, but it had only had ONE stall, and IT was out of order, too.

Apparently, the only working toilets in the entire store were the urinals, and those were obviously out of the question.

Leaving the store and running around in search of another bathroom might take too long. Likewise, flying BACK home and relieving herself there would also be too big of a delay. The author was only here, signing books, for this ONE day. She couldn’t miss her chance to get Gohan his present…

So, she joined the line with her midsection aching, throbbing profusely with constant requests for a bathroom break. She could go AFTER she got the book. Once she got that done, she could focus on other things, like locating a working toilet that she actually had the right equipment to use.

But, the line was SO long, and she didn’t have anything to distract herself with. Her need to pee was at the forefront of her mind, and the more she thought about it, the worse she had to go. After a while, she was bouncing and jogging in place, trying to stop herself. She was in Hercule City, where her school was situated. Someone she knew from class might be here to witness her anxious dance.

And, the nerves were making her fingertips start to heat up as well, she had to clench her fists to make sure she didn’t accidentally start sparking. If she allowed any stray energy to bolt out of her, she could be ordered to leave before she’d managed to get the book.

That sort of thing had happened before; Her anxiety had once caused her to let some energy out of her palms when she’d been in a fancy restaurant with her family. The manager assumed the sudden shards of brightness had come from a lighter and yelled at her to leave. Her father had argued with the guy for a bit, made Bikini turn out her pockets to prove she didn’t have a lighter, but the manager had decided that Bikini must have been VERY dangerous indeed if she could create sparks at random like that. She’d felt awful about it. She hadn’t meant to lose control of her energy, and she’d stayed silent the whole way home, sullen that she’d ruined the outing for everyone.

She understood. Or at least, she tried to. Her chi blasts COULD do a lot of damage. The little nervous volts usually only singed things, but of course people still got alarmed by them… And, it WAS her fault, really. Most of her friends could use energy attacks, too. Just… They were SO much more in control of when they came out. Even her father, who’d spark sometimes too, didn’t have it happen nearly as often as she did.

Really, the only thing she COULD do was curl her fingers into her palms whenever she felt like she MIGHT start leaking chi and hope for the best. Like now, her nails were digging against her skin to hold it back.

And, of course, she had to focus on holding things back down below as well, which did nothing to soothe the anxiety that was trying to force her energy out. As her discomfort built up, and it got harder to keep still, she began to search for familiar chis just so she’d know HOW embarrassed she was supposed to feel. She didn’t sense anyone from school, but she did pick up on ONE she recognized; Quite a large one.

She turned, seeing Piccolo walk into a store. His eyes scanned the line and landed on her before he approached quickly. “I thought I felt your energy,” he said. “We must have had the same idea for Gohan’s birthday.”

Bikini nodded. She was glad Piccolo was here, he could provide some kind of distraction from her throbbing bladder. “I guess so,” she agreed. A twinge inside her core prompted her to cross her legs, thighs pressed firmly together as she tried to offset the burgeoning pressure. Yes… She needed a distraction.“You should still stick around, though. After we get this book, we can look for a second he might like.”

Piccolo nodded, he looked at her more closely, and Bikini felt a little unnerved. He couldn’t tell, could he? Piccolo didn’t even have a bladder, and he’d always had a hard time picking up on it when she or Gohan had to pee when they were little. They had to be dancing around a lot before he realized it was serious…

“Are you alright? The leg crossing means you need to release water, doesn’t it?” Piccolo asked.

He COULD tell… And, of course he’d just… Bluntly call it out like that. He just had no concept of this process. No understanding that it was a private thing, not something to discuss openly. Or at least, not at a normal volume where people could hear.

“Yes,” Bikini whispered. “But, I’m holding it, it’s fine.”

Piccolo watched her for another several seconds, during which she tried her best to keep still, lest he begin to doubt her claim. Unfortunately, her bladder decided to pulse even more fervently now that she had a set of eyes scrutinizing her for signs of increased distress, and she couldn’t stop herself from bouncing.

“You seem very uncomfortable,” Piccolo noted. “I did not… Cause issues for you, as I did to Gohan, did I?”

Bikini raised her eyebrows. Ah, so Gohan must have told Piccolo about his… ‘quirk’ at some point.

“Do you require permission to be granted before you release?”

Bikini shook her head quickly, vision darting around, wary of someone overhearing that. “No.”

“Then… Why don’t you do it?” Piccolo asked. “I am capable of holding your place in line for you.”

Bikini shook her head again. “I don’t have anywhere to go right now.”

Piccolo was perplexed. “I thought most stores had places for people to—“

“They do,” Bikini said. “But, the women’s room is closed.”

Piccolo just looked more confused than ever. “The… Uh… You mean they are segregated?”

“Yeah,” Bikini said.

“… What would happen if you were to enter the one for men?”

“Well—“

“Is there some sort of force-field? Surely you would be strong enough to get past—“

“There’s no force-field. All that could really happen is some guy in there might yell at me and I’ll have to tell him the other one’s closed.”

“Then do that,” Piccolo shrugged. “It looks like you are suffering.”

Bikini knew that was true. She looked like she was suffering because she WAS suffering. Her bladder was straining violently, the liquids within practically frothing from the intense squeezing of its walls. Her opening ached and if she allowed her upper legs to part at all, it began to sting as waves of caustic fluid pressed down atop it, begging to be set free.

“I… Can’t,” Bikini said.

“Why?” Piccolo prompted once more. “You just said, the worst thing that could happen is someone shouts at y—“

“The stall in the men’s is busted,” Bikini said. “Only the urinals are working.”

Piccolo just stared blankly back at her. She wasn’t sure why she had expected him to understand that.

Finally, he spoke, “Um… What exactly is the problem? What is a stall, or a urinal?”

“Er… Urinals are… They’re toilets that are attached to the wall, and—“

“Right,” Piccolo nodded. “I think I know what you mean. I have seen Gohan use one. You just aim the water into it.”

Bikini hesitated. “… Yeah. And, well, stalls have doors, and regular toilets that, uh, look like chairs. You can sit down on them.”

“Yes, I recall that you prefer to release water in a crouching position,” Piccolo said. “And, Gohan prefers to stand. But, if you only have the one option available to y—“

“It’s not… It’s… Okay, Gohan CAN stand,” Bikini tried to explain. She had at least assumed Piccolo would know THIS much. She and Gohan had both relieved themselves in his vicinity when they were first being trained by him. They’d go behind something first, but Piccolo could still tell that they didn’t urinate exactly the same way. She’d figured he’d realized there was a reason for that.

He sort of had, but he hadn’t managed to guess the RIGHT reason.

“I have to admit, I did always think it was odd that you chose to crouch,” Piccolo said. “It caused you to take much longer.”

“It’s— It’s not— That wasn’t because of a preference,” Bikini said. “We did it because…” She felt her face flush. She couldn’t believe she was explaining this to an adult. And, in a public space, too. The awkwardness seemed to place a pressure all around her body, the brunt of it settling right over her throbbing bladder and causing her thighs to strain even more firmly. She said the next few words in a tone that was barely above a whisper. “Because… We have different parts, alright?”

She supposed she shouldn’t have been TOO stunned that Piccolo didn’t know much about this. His species didn’t have ANYTHING down there, after all. Back in the woods, he had always left Gohan and Bikini alone when they bathed themselves in the lake. He’d only ever seen GOHAN completely unclothed after he’d accidentally ripped his outfit apart by transforming under the full moon. It made sense that Piccolo would just assume Bikini looked the same… He’d never had a girlfriend or anything, so when would he have seen a naked woman?

“Different parts?” Piccolo repeated. “Why do— I thought your bodies only really started to differ once you reached a certain age.”

“The… Um… The part where the pee comes out is different, too,” Bikini said. “I have, um… Just… Just a hole? Right… Er… Between my legs… And, Gohan has… Er… Like a hose? Or… A funnel, maybe? It’s… He can actually hold it and… Aim… S—So, he can use a urinal. If I tried to do that, it would just go down my legs and make a big mess.” She felt like the heat had suddenly come on, cranked all the way up. She wanted to bite her tongue, just to force herself to stop describing Gohan’s… Thing. The discussion made it very, VERY difficult not to start… Picturing it.

She didn’t want to, of course!

Gohan probably didn’t want her to, either!

She had to sto—

“That is unfair,” Piccolo snapped her out of her thoughts.

“Huh?”

“That you don’t get to have a hose,” Piccolo said. “And that it means you have no choice but to hold your water.”

“W—Well, normally I wouldn’t want one, it would get in the way,” Bikini said. “If you have a, uh… A ‘hose’, it hurts really bad to get kicked there. More of a liability, really.” Her abdomen twinged, reminding her harshly of the one situation where having a ‘hose’ WOULD be preferable. She bounced on her heels, clenching her fists as a significantly more aggressive pulse made her yearn to cup her crotch. She looked at the line ahead of her, it had moved a little, but not nearly enough to let her see a light at the end of her desperate tunnel.

Groaning, she rubbed her knees together, waves were slamming through her lower belly, huge tides roaring against her bladder’s over-stretched walls. “I guess I DO wish I had a ‘hose’ I could… Like, put on just to use the urinal, and then take right back off once I’m done.”

Piccolo agreed. “That would be more fair to you.” He paused. “You said it’s like a hose or a FUNNEL, correct?”

“Yeah… Um… Pretty much…” Bikini said. She bobbed in place, her bladder feeling heavier and heavier by the second. It was like a lead weight was slowly pulling it down, closer and closer to its exit pathway. The pressure against her sphincters was so great that she was nearly grunting with the effort to keep them closed.

“Wait right here, then,” Piccolo said, much to her confusion. But, before she could question him further, he had walked off.

She winced. It had been sort of helpful to have someone to talk to. Sure, their discussion had NOT taken her mind off of urination, but it was still better than being stuck trapped in her own brain, with her thoughts. Thoughts that were becoming increasingly more panicked as the warning signals from her midsection began to occur closer and closer to one another, until it felt like one continuous blare of; ‘DANGER; BLADDER HAS REACHED CRITICAL CAPACITY, LEAKAGE IS IMMINENT IF TOILET IS NOT LOCATED SOON.’

Bikini’s hand drifted down towards her waist as the sensation of bloat and stretching brought a few tears to her eyes. She didn’t know why she was holding back from grabbing herself. The people in line with her could doubtlessly tell that she needed to go. Even if they hadn’t overheard any of her conversation with Piccolo, she had not stopped bouncing for several minutes and her legs alternated between crossing together and rubbing as they vibrated with tension.

Even Piccolo had guessed that she needed to pee, and he had never experienced the urge himself. A bunch of humans who’d possessed bladders their whole lives would have no trouble guessing the cause of her distress.

Still, she flinched when her hand finally made contact, squeezing urgently between her taut thighs. It felt like she was trying to push back an ocean with just the tips of a few fingers, and her cheeks burned with embarrassment. She kept her eyes glued to the floor, but that did nothing to assuage the sense that all eyes were on her, staring at her, wondering if she’d hold it until the end of the line, give up and leave to find a bathroom, or begin to drench herself as her stream refused to be contained a second longer.

Blood rushed in her ears, and she told herself again and again that the LAST thing definitely wouldn’t happen. She hadn’t even dribbled yet! She’d had lots of emergencies where she HAD dribbled and had still made it in time. So, that had to mean she was pretty far from having an accident right now. It just… It felt like she was gonna burst, and the longer she was made to stay in a single spot, the worse it got. If she could at least move a little more freely without losing her place in line, if she could pace in wide circles, run up and down the length of the room… Just, SOMETHING to make herself a little less hemmed in, maybe her bladder would feel like IT had more space, too.

A second hand went between her legs after a couple more minutes. The line ahead of her was still SO long! All she wanted to do was collapse onto a toilet seat and let loose. Or, Hell, just squat somewhere and gush her brains out. Or just use the fucking urinal…

Now that she was really thinking about it, it was kind of ridiculous that she couldn’t, wasn’t it? She could fire big balls of her own energy out of her hands and have them land wherever she wanted with almost perfect accuracy. She could fly. She could cause her body to undergo significant transformations just by getting angry enough. Yet, she couldn’t find a way to manipulate her pee-stream to flow and arc into a urinal?

Maybe if she leaned back and pushed really, REALLY hard, it would fly out straight? Saiyan strength HAD to be enough to accomplish that, right? Yeah, maybe if she strained as hard as she could…

She imagined herself turning Super Saiyan during that process, yet still only peeing down her legs.

Maybe it was too risky…

Maybe—

Her neck prickled as she sensed Piccolo’s energy coming closer again. She turned just in time to see him approaching, holding… Something. She couldn’t quite make out what it was, her eyes were still brimming with unshed tears brought on by the unfathomable pressure she was under.

Piccolo came to her side, and showed the item to her. “I found exactly what you were wishing for.”

Bikini looked down at it. She’d seen one like it in Chi-Chi’s kitchen before. Chi-Chi used it to transfer sauces into bottles. A little, metal funnel…

She knew immediately what it was for, why Piccolo had brought it to her, but her cheeks flushed hot and her eyelids fluttered in disbelief.

“I remembered there was a kitchen supply store nearby,” Piccolo explained. “And, it had just what you need.”

Bikini bit her lip. Oh, fuck… What had he said to the clerks at that store?! Had he just… Asked for a funnel, allowing them to believe the item would be used for a NORMAL purpose. Or… Or had he said something like ‘My companion has to release water very urgently, she needs something to assist her with using a urinal right away!’

She’d rather not know…

Piccolo was trying to help… But, she was wary. Would this even work? Well, it would probably work better than the plan SHE’D been concocting moments ago, anyway… The mouth of the funnel was pretty wide, so that made her a little less nervous that she’d ‘miss.’ The stem was short, but maybe that was a good thing? She was definitely gonna pee hard and fast, so she’d need the funnel to drain quickly and not overflow, that would be easier if the liquid didn’t have far to travel.

She unglued one hand from her crotch, reaching for the funnel, but then she stopped short, her heart thudding and each pulse making her bladder cramp.

“Will this one not work?” Piccolo asked, alarmed. “Does it need to be larger? I can get anoth—“

“N—No, I think it will be okay,” Bikini said. “It’s just… We’re near my school. I—If a guy from my class walked in while I was… Going… I’d just— I’d—“ She’d drop dead right on the spot! That was what she’d do! She’d thought it would be a LITTLE embarrassing if someone saw her coming out of the STALL in the men’s room. Someone seeing her pee in a urinal with a kitchen funnel would be the most humiliating thing she’d ever endured! Doubly so if it was someone she knew! “I’d— I don’t—“

“Y—You are like your father?” Piccolo asked, startled. “You cannot be seen while releasing water?”

Bikini’s brain short-circuited for a second as even her awful need to pee was momentarily set aside. Her FATHER had told Piccolo about HIS problem?! Piccolo knew about it?! That was significantly more shocking than learning Gohan had explained his situation…

Once she’d gathered her thoughts enough, Bikini clarified; “N—Not exactly, I just— It’s really, REALLY weird for a girl to use a urinal, so I don’t want anyone to see me do it.”

“I will accompany you, then,” Piccolo decided. “I will hold the door closed. You will have your privacy.”

Bikini still hesitated. If Piccolo came with her, no one would be saving her spot in line. She’d have to get in the back of it again… Even MORE standing in one place.

But, Saiyan energy or not, she felt confident that she’d have an easier time doing that once her bladder was nice and empty. She might even feel so drained after relieving herself that the desire to move and run around would be gone for a while.

The next sloshing churn of her bladder made up her mind for her. She could deal with the line. She could NOT deal with the intense need thrumming away inside her. “O—Okay,” she said.

Bikini quickly made her way to the restrooms with Piccolo. It was a bit of a relief to be able to move around a little more, allowing the weight inside of her to shift slightly instead of constantly bearing down on one spot like it had been doing. Still, each step did manage to sting a little, and having to move her legs apart wasn’t helping, her dam needed the reinforcement of her thighs, it felt precarious and crumbly on its own.

She caught Piccolo watching her awkward gait and waited for him to say something, to assume that her slow pace was thanks to her legs weakening. He didn’t get after her for ‘slacking’ as much as he did with Gohan, since she still trained with her father almost every day, but any sign that she was losing progress was always noticed.

“The pressure impacts your speed…” Piccolo said. “Just like it does to Gohan. Does that happen to everyone?”

Bikini nodded. Even her father slowed down when he was bursting! That obviously meant that there was no way to stop it from happening. She placed her hand against the men’s room door, pausing slightly to sense for chi beyond it. Her body was so full of pee that there wasn’t much room left for anything else, and it was hard for her to concentrate.

“Does it make it hard for you to open doors as well?” Piccolo asked. “Do you need me to—“

“Do you sense anyone in there?” Bikini asked. Now that she was right beside a bathroom— Even one that she wasn’t totally confident about using— she was more wriggly than ever. She barely stayed on one foot for longer that a second before frantically hopping to the other one. “I can’t do it when I’m like this!”

Piccolo nodded, understanding right away that the discomfort made it too difficult to concentrate. He focused, and shook his head. “I think it’s empty.”

Bikini breathed out a little sigh, not fully exhaling for fear that doing so would pop her bladder apart. She pushed the door aside and hurried in. She’d allowed herself to hope, for just a moment, that the stall had been repaired since she’d last been in this room and she wouldn’t have to WORRY about getting herself situated at the urinal. Unfortunately, she was not that lucky. The door was still shut and locked, the sign lazily tacked to it, not caring at all that Bikini really needed to go, and really DIDN’T want to try a urinal.

But, she had no choice. She either attempted to use a urinal and gave herself a CHANCE of getting through this dry. Or, she gave up and peed in her pants.

It wasn’t just her uncertainty that she COULD do this that held her back. It was the realization that, even with the funnel, she still wasn’t going to be able to do it exactly like Gohan could… The way Piccolo was probably picturing. Specifically, she couldn’t simply unzip her pants, place the funnel, and go. She didn’t feel like she’d have enough room to get everything lined up the way it needed to be. No, she’d still have to pull down her pants just like she would if she were about to sit on a toilet and go NORMALLY.

And, Piccolo was gonna be holding the door, so he’d BE there…

Her middle shrieked, cramping and twisting, the oceans of pee starting to feel so heavy and tight that it was more like a solid mass than a ball of liquid. She had to…

She went straight to the second urinal, the one lower to the ground. It was probably meant for little kids, but since her father’s genetics hadn’t allowed her to get very tall, she knew she’d have a much easier time with this one. If she had to figure out how to work the funnel while either standing on her tip-toes or levitating, the chances of a total disaster would skyrocket.

She cringed slightly once she’d gotten closer to it. She wasn’t sure what she’d expected, but the pungent smell of urine was SO strong now that she was right in front of the thing. The scent grossed her out but, more than that, it upset the tides inside of her, sending them crashing so angrily against her quivering sphincters that she had no choice but to grab at herself again. What the—

Another grimace spread across her face. She recalled an incident where Goku had visited and ended up peeing in the backyard. Bikini’s father had been FURIOUS. “KAKAROT! WE HAVE AT LEAST FIFTY PERFECTLY GOOD TOILETS INSIDE!” He’d screamed. “WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU PISS THERE?!”

Goku shrugged. “‘Cause I had to go.”

Dad just sputtered at him, his jaw clenching. Bikini could even see the veins in his neck bulging. “THEN GO INSIDE!”

“Why?” Goku asked, bewildered. “I wanted to keep talking to you! Besides, Dr. Briefs’ dogs pee out here all the time, and you don’t yell at them!”

“Because they’re DOGS!” Dad fumed. “It’s what they DO. Saiyans have not ‘marked their territory’ in that manner in hundreds of—“ His eyes went wide, and he clamped his mouth shut, realizing what he’d just said.

“Huh?” Goku asked. “Saiyans used to pee in places just to say it belonged to them?” He rubbed the back of his neck and smiled. “So, do I own your yard now?”

“KAKAROT!”

That had gotten them to start sparring for the fifth time that afternoon, and Bikini had mostly pushed it aside. But, now the information she’d gleaned from her father’s ranting came back to her; Were her instincts causing her to need to go worse when she smelled someone else’s piss? Ugh, gross… Maybe the Saiyan side of her was supposed to be okay with that, but the human side was revolted! Why would she want to ‘claim’ a urinal? Why would she want to ‘claim’ ANYTHING that she’d peed on?!

Nevertheless, she WAS dying to pee on something… She started to unzip her pants, stepping in place. It was so weird, but it was like her body recognized the urinal as a place to relieve itself even though she’d never used one before. She gripped her waistband and flinched. “Piccolo? Shut your eyes before I do this…”

“Alright,” Piccolo said.

Bikini tugged her pants down slightly, then quickly moved them back up. “Y—You’re sure no one can get in here?!”

“I’m holding the door closed,” Piccolo said. “Maybe GOKU could get in, but no one else. And I don’t sense him anywhere near here.”

“O—Okay…” Bikini’s moment of hesitation ended when a brutal pang built itself into a scorching heat in her urethra, which quickly transformed into a warm drop that spurted against her inner thigh. She rubbed her legs together, preventing the drop from giving way to a leak, but the warning drizzle told her that it was time to push through. Piccolo wasn’t looking, and no one else could get in here. It was FINE to pull down her pants.

So, she did it. In one quick motion, her face scorching with a heat that burned almost as brightly as the painful one searing inside of her opening. She allowed her pants to fall around her ankles, a shiver working over her as she felt cool air on her bare legs. She wasn’t sure if it was from the nerves or from the slight drop in temperature. Either way, the shudders squeezed her bladder fiercely and she quickly put the funnel underneath her crotch, spreading her legs a bit. That was… Probably how it worked, right?

She’d need her legs out like that so that the stream could come out more smoothly? Oh, and she had to aim… Had to… Okay, that wasn’t so hard. She got the spigot pointed right at the bowl of the urinal. That WAS where she was supposed to aim, right? Or, was she supposed to pee up against its wall? Did it matter? If she guessed wrong, would the pee splash back at her? She didn’t think she COULD point the spigot at the wall anyway, not without moving it too far away from her urethra, and then she’d go down her legs for sure—

It probably didn’t matter. If it splashed at her— which it might, since she was fairly certain she was standing WAY closer to this thing than a guy like Gohan would, trying to give herself less room for error— that would still be better than a full-blown accident.

She had to just let go and hope for the best.

Had to…

Just let go…

Let go.

LET GO!

Ah— Fuck… She couldn’t let go! There was another little drop that rolled down the funnel, but nothing followed it. She had to release herself so badly that she was fighting not to squirm, knowing that wriggling would DEFINITELY destroy her aim, yet she couldn’t pee! She was telling herself to pee, waiting for the muscles to loosen up, to untie themselves from all the knots she’d had to put them in, but they just continued to strain!

She’d gotten nervous about peeing with Gohan in the room with her before, and it had taken her time to let loose then, but… Piccolo BEING there wasn’t making her feel nearly THAT shy. Not when he had his eyes closed, and barely grasped the concept of urination to start out with.

She knew that the cause of her sudden stage-fright HAD to be the unusual circumstance she was in. She’d NEVER peed standing up before. She’d never even TRIED. Hell, she didn’t even pee in the SHOWER, so she couldn’t just pretend she was THERE and that was why she was trying to empty herself in this position. For that matter, she’d never done that ‘hovering’ thing she knew her Mom and Videl sometimes did if they thought the toilet was too gross to sit on. She’d ALWAYS sat down, or squatted if she was outdoors.

And, after so many years of doing it that way, her body didn’t seem to understand what she wanted from it now. Like, it was saying to her; ‘Bikini, what are we doing?! This isn’t how we pee!’ So, she just kind of stood there, dying to get it all out, but completely unable to open the floodgate. Her sphincters had been spasming and twitching for so long, it FELT like they ought to just break and give way to the mass of liquid screaming to be let through, but they held firm, refused to budge.

THIS had to be close to what her father went through, right? Obviously, it wasn’t exactly the same. The cause of her predicament was vastly different, but the sensation of NEEDING to relax so desperately, yet only getting tenser the harder she tried… That was the same.

Stupid urinals… Why did they have to exist? If they didn’t, this room would have more stalls, and ONE of them would probably be working. Even her father hated urinals, and HE at least had all of the parts necessary to use them. She’d seen him rant to her mom about them before; “The worst invention your planet ever came up with! In what universe is it okay to have a row of toilets without doors?! Why does everyone just accept that they’re expected to stand right beside someone and… And… Do THAT?!”

At the time, she’d thought nothing of it, just her dad complaining about another thing he found ‘undignified.’ Now, she agreed with him. Urinals were stupid. They shouldn’t have been invented. Regular toilets were SO much better, because ANYONE could use them without any extra help, or the need to retrain their body on the fly, or—

Piccolo cleared his throat, snapping her out of her increasingly angry thoughts. “Bikini? Is something the matter? You’re struggling?”

“I— Ugh, I can’t go!” Bikini growled under her breath. She pushed down hard on her pelvic muscles, but all that managed to do was cause her bladder to blare even more torturously than before.

“DO I need to give permission?” Piccolo wondered. “You… Need to be told that it’s okay to release water when you aren’t crouching?”

Was that it? Would that help? “Try it.”

“Okay,” Piccolo said. “Release the water now, Bikini. It’s alright.”

Bikini managed a meager trickle, watching it slowly leak out the funnel’s spigot. It drizzled into the urinal, which at least told her she’d placed it correctly. Yet, even with that reassurance, both from seeing her pee land where it was supposed to, and from hearing Piccolo tell her that she could do it… Nothing else came out. She whimpered, and she hated herself for it. Bad enough that she was struggling with such a basic task, but now she was making pathetic, weak-sounding noises.

“That didn’t work?” Piccolo sounded alarmed now. And, of course he was. He must have helped Gohan out at some point, and giving that command had been enough. Giving that command was the only solution Piccolo knew of, so seeing it fail to yield results would leave him at a loss. “Wh—What else… Gohan informed me you could be damaged if the water stays in you for too long.”

Being reminded of THAT didn’t help Bikini relax at all! She doubted her bladder would really rupture, which was the worst possible outcome. But, an infection was possible. Her dad had gotten one once, not that she was supposed to know about that. It was just kind of obvious once she saw Mom telling him to drink tons of cranberry juice and stay in the house… If DAD could get that kind of infection, Bikini could as well…

She had to get it all out of her system before THAT kind of thing happened. What else could—

When she had to pee, the sound of running water drove her absolutely crazy. It could make her urge go from zero to ten in a matter of minutes. Sometimes, it would affect her even when she didn’t start out NEEDING the restroom. Her bladder would feel empty, but then she’d end up near a waterfall or hear Trunks showering, and soon enough she’d be wriggling. Her bladder was too suggestible, she supposed.

It was irritating, but maybe it could HELP now?

“Turn on the sinks,” Bikini said, abdomen straining more viciously than ever now that she thought she’d found an answer. She winced hard, she needed all that awful pain and pressure to stop! “Hurry!”

“I’ll need to open my—“

“Just try not to look at me!”

Bikini kept her own gaze fixated ahead as she heard Piccolo shuffling towards the sinks, then the creak of a faucet, then the pitter-patter of liquid flowing into the basin, punctuated by the hiss of the spray. Water trickling, gushing… So, so much like what she needed to do—

The insurmountable weight inside of her shifted, and she was sighing before the first bit of her stream had even made it all the way down the funnel, splattering into the urinal just like it was supposed to. Much like she’d predicted, now that she’d let go, the release was heavy and thunderous, blasting out of her with a lightning speed. She couldn’t restrain it even if she’d tried but, thankfully, she didn’t have to. The funnel’s mouth was wide enough, and the spout was short enough, that it emptied itself out even faster than Bikini’s bladder was. She wasn’t making it overflow. She could just relax and enjoy the bliss. “Ahhhh…”

Sort of… She’d never had to focus on aiming before. She’d always just sat down and let it happen. Even when she squatted, there wasn’t that much concentration required. She knew how far to spread her feet to avoid splashing them. She could usually just zone out while she peed, this was the first time she needed to really pay attention to where it was going, not wanting to hit the walls beside the urinal, or the floor below. She couldn’t close her eyes and tip her head back, like she often tended to do. She had to watch what she was doing.

“Phew… That worked,” Piccolo said. “You’re feeling better?”

“Y—Yeah,” Bikini said. It was kind of sweet how concerned he was, now that she was comfortable enough to appreciate it more. “Feels a lot better.” She sighed once more. She felt tingly all through her body as more and more liquid gushed out of it. It still felt utterly bizarre to be doing this while standing, but at least she WAS finally doing it. It was such a relief. It was making her feel so good…

It was…

Almost kind of fun, actually…

Yeah… Once she’d been at it for a while, and her initial fear that she’d mess it up had faded… She sort of enjoyed it. Not just the release of her overfull bladder, of COURSE she liked that part, but… Being able to shoot the stream in different directions, aim it right at some of the stains on the urinal and watch them get washed away… If she was doing this outside during the winter, she’d be able to write her name in the snow, like Goku always did… Depending on who was around to potentially see it, anyway.

“That is… An incredible amount,” Piccolo commented after a few more moments had passed. “It’s more than when you were young… And, when Gohan did this… There was a lot of water, but not this much.”

“Um—“ Bikini bit her lip, continuing to spray out her stream. Now that she’d started, it wasn’t going to stop until she was empty. Even IF something happened to make her nervous again. She hadn’t expected Piccolo to comment on the size of her bladder. Since he lacked one, she hadn’t thought he’d have a frame of reference to realize that hers was so large. But, of course, he did.“Well—“

“When I saw Gohan release, he was doing the same dance you were before,” Piccolo said. “He seemed to be just as distressed and close to his limit. But, why was that, if he didn’t have as much as you?”

“Er… Different people have… Different sized bladders,” Bikini managed to say, willing her own to finally finish draining soon. “S—So, some people can hold more b—before, um… G—Getting that ‘distressed’.”

“So, your limit is higher than Gohan’s,” Piccolo surmised. “Hmm… Maybe I should have given you more challenging exercises when I trained you? I hadn’t realized there was that much of a gap between the two of you, you always seemed evenly matched, like your strengths and weaknesses balanced one another… Had I known your endurance was far greater than Gohan’s—“

“Uh, no, it’s not—“ Bikini pushed down as she neared the end of her pee, noticing that when her stream slowed it became harder to aim. “It’s not really… Connected like that. My bladder’s bigger than his, but that doesn’t affect anything else. He’s honestly more durable than me during fights, especially if he’s mad.”

“So, it’s just that you have a bigger ‘container’?”

“I— Yeah, I guess that’s how you can look at it,” Bikini finished up and stood there a moment longer. She was done peeing, but now she had a funnel that almost certainly still had urine inside of it. Not the sort of thing she wanted to carry around…

She remembered the times Gohan had peed beside her, he’d always… Shake himself off when he was done. Was she supposed to do that…? She tried it, moving the funnel off of herself and shaking it over the urinal. Some droplets flicked off of it, and it felt a little less gross to still be holding it. Still… “I think I wanna wash this thing off now…”

“You intend to keep it?” Piccolo asked.

“I kinda have to, right?” Bikini said. “I peed in it, it can’t really be used for anything else now.” She moved to the sink, rinsing the funnel out. She wasn’t sure if she’d ever… ‘use’ it again. Yeah, it was kind of fun, but it was definitely more comfortable to sit. Maybe it would be good to keep the funnel around, just in case she was ever in another situation where she’d HAVE to stand.

*009*2025-06-23 18:14

Bikini and Chi-Chi

Bikini had been nervous about the day’s challenge. She knew it would be greater than anything she had ever faced before. Worse than murderous squads of aliens. Worse than space tyrants. Worse than destructive androids or planet-annihilating creatures. None of her training had prepared her for it. None of it had even scratched the surface.

Which was why it had ended in an unequivocal disaster.

Chi-Chi had wanted her to help prepare the cakes for Gohan’s birthday. Cakes, plural, because multiple Saiyans were going to be there and just a single confection would not be enough for even just ONE of them.

In her defense, Bikini DID warn Chi-Chi that it likely wouldn’t end well. “N—No, I don’t think I can cook anything,” she’d said. Neither of her parents could cook. Neither of her parents had the patience for it. And, her father had the added difficulty of his natural strength making it VERY tricky to handle delicate ingredients. They usually went out to eat, ordered catering to the house, or had instant meals that were simple to prepare.

“It’s okay,” Chi-Chi had assured. “I’ll show you. And, Gohan will be delighted once he hears that you— the Capsule Corp heiress— helped.”

That was what had gotten Bikini to give in, the idea that Gohan would be pleased with her. She wasn’t too sure why Chi-Chi had brought up the stuff about Capsule Corp, though. Bikini didn’t know if she wanted to follow her mother’s career path, if that was what Chi-Chi was fascinated by. In all likelihood, Bikini figured she’d do fighting tournaments after she finished school, she couldn’t work those tiny circuitboard things her mom messed with, she always pressed something too hard or turned something too far and everything broke.

Chi-Chi had been doing that a LOT lately; Reminding Gohan of what family Bikini came from. It was weird, Gohan wasn’t as forgetful as Goku, and even Goku couldn’t forget a thing like that. Chi-Chi did the SAME thing with Videl, emphasizing to Gohan that her father was a celebrity. Bikini had once heard Chi-Chi talking to Gohan about BOTH of their families, adding on “And, I learned the most interesting thing about Saiyans recently; Did you know they usually have multiple lovers?”

Bikini had no idea what the point of all that was. It had made Gohan blush bright red, though.

Even if Bikini didn’t understand Chi-Chi’s sudden fascination with her family, the thought of making Gohan happy was enough to encourage her to attempt baking something. “I… I guess I could try,” she’d said. “But, it’s probably not gonna look very pretty.”

“Oh, that’s fine,” Chi-Chi said. “You know that the way to a Saiyan’s heart is through his stomach, all you need to worry about is making it taste good.”

“The way to—“

“Nothing,” Chi-Chi said. “Come on, let’s get started. He and Goten will be home by the evening, and I want it to be a surprise.”

It was the mixture of trying something completely new that she wasn’t confident with at all, and feeling rushed by THAT comment, that really made Bikini struggle. Especially when it came time to crack the eggs.

When her father tried to crack eggs, he did a pretty poor job, too. He always ended up crushing them, no matter how hard he tried to hold back his strength. He’d grip them as lightly as he could, using only his finger-tips, and still they’d shatter into a goopy, shell-laden mess that couldn’t be used for anything.

Bikini had the same issue, but that wasn’t all. She also had her little, anxiety-induced ‘sparking’ situation to deal with. So, not only did a ton of the eggs crumble in her grip, some of them got totally vaporized when her energy decided to blaze out of her hands without warning. It didn’t help that, the more eggs she ruined, the more frustrated she got, making her tense up further and wreck them even more thoroughly.

So, that was why she and Chi-Chi had to go out to the grocery store and retrieve more eggs. “It’s— It’s okay, dear,” Bikini tried to assure her. “It’s not your fault. I don’t know WHAT I was thinking giving something so delicate to a Saiyan… I’ll handle this part once we get new ones, okay?”

Bikini still fidgeted on the spot, eyes downcast. This was supposed to be such a simple thing… People did it all the time with no struggle! Yet, she couldn’t even manage to get a SINGLE egg open without annihilating it beyond the point where it could still be salvaged.

“You know what you’ll be REALLY good at?” Chi-Chi offered. “Stirring! The batter gets very thick, sometimes I have a hard time with it, but you’ll have no trouble at all!”

Bikini knew she was trying to cheer her up, but she still felt awful about the amount of eggs she’d wasted. Not to mention the messy explosion of shell and yolk that one of the kitchen counters had turned into. “I’ll pay for the replacements,” she said. “And, clean up and… Everything.”

“You don’t need to do all of that.”

“I want to,” Bikini insisted, grabbing some paper towels to begin mopping down the counter before the gunk could harden and become trickier to remove. At least she could do THAT without anything getting broken. But, the whole time she was working, she kept thinking about how Goten and Gohan would be back in a few hours, and now there was an extra trip to the store that was going to delay their progress.

It was for this reason that, even though Bikini felt a bit of urgent thrumming in her bladder, she decided NOT to use the bathroom before they left. She had already caused them to waste enough time, forcing Chi-Chi to wait on her while she relieved herself would only make it worse. Besides, her need wasn’t even that bad.

It made for an uncomfortable ride in Chi-Chi’s car, though. The roads out by Chi-Chi’s home were little more than dirt pathways, and Bikini could feel every bump in them, each one making her bladder flare and scold her for not excising it of its contents back when she had still had the chance. She grimaced slightly when a particularly deep indentation in the road sent her bladder lurching up into her throat.

‘Get a grip,’ she scolded herself. Grocery stores had bathrooms. She could pee as soon as they got there, taking care of her situation while Chi-Chi got the eggs. No extra time wasted, and Bikini would be drained and content long before her need spiraled into anything too significant.

But, the car journey didn’t feel like making that easy on her. The bouncy ride, in which she was never granted more than a couple seconds of smoothness, knocked her liquids around, causing them to scorch bright hot across her sphincters and prompting her to tighten her thigh muscles. Her thoughts became much more dominated by the toilet stall she was sure to find greeting her at the store.

On the way out of the area and back towards civilization, they passed by a waterfall. A big, loud waterfall. Bikini had seen it tons of times before. She knew that it was there. It had just never been such a problem before. The sound of running water always made her need the bathroom, but she was typically FLYING over this waterfall on the way to visit Gohan, so she’d only have to wait a couple minutes before she could go. Hell, if it was THAT bad, she could always just land and find a bush to crouch behind.

But, this time was different. She wasn’t minutes away from relief, and her bladder was already so irritated from all the bouncing that the added sound of hissing, splashing fluid was enough to get her knee jiggling. Worse, the bushes weren’t an option. If she told Chi-Chi to stop the car, she’d be met with the inevitable question; “Why didn’t you go before we left?” And, Bikini had seen her scold Goten about urinating outdoors before, she wouldn’t want Bikini to jump out of the car and do it, either.

Her knee bobbed up and down, thighs pressing together. The sound of the waterfall was implausibly loud to her ears. It wasn’t usually that loud! Not even when she was flying directly above it! Just… Constant, pouring waves, just like the ones crashing against her opening… She should have gone before they’d left, she had completely forgotten about the waterfall, about the uneven roads, about the profound effect both of those things would have upon her bladder.

She tried to still her leg, knowing that bouncing too hard could shake up the car. She shot a glance towards Chi-Chi, worried that she’d already squirmed too much. Chi-Chi looked kind of tense so perhaps she had, but maybe that was just Bikini projecting her OWN tension onto her…?

Either way, once the waterfall was far enough behind them, Chi-Chi relaxed ever-so-slightly, and Bikini did as well. She still REALLY needed the restroom, but it felt less like her bladder was being yanked and pulled in every direction now.

After a couple more minutes, they were on a proper, paved road and the vicious shaking finally ceased, Bikini’s bladder settling down alongside the car. The pressure was still there, and it was intense, but it was staying in one place rather than being knocked all through her abdomen.

Still, the ride to the store was longer than Bikini had anticipated. Since she usually just flew everywhere, it was easy to forget how long it took to arrive places when using a more conventional mode of transportation. It wasn’t long before Bikini’s knee was jiggling again. Then her legs were crossing back and forth. Then she was gripping the edge of her seat and wondering HOW much longer this could possibly take…

At last, they reached the store. The pair got out of the car and Chi-Chi returned it to its capsule form. “It’s alright,” Chi-Chi assured her again. “It’s no big deal, accidents happen.”

Bikini immediately glanced down at herself in a panic. Accidents… Had she just— She didn’t FEEL like anything was leaking from her, but standing up after sitting in the car for so long HAD made a little tearing sensation rip through her bladder. She confirmed that she was still dry, and realized Chi-Chi was referring to the eggs from earlier again.

Bikini had been so focused on containing her pee that she’d almost forgotten. She forced a nod, hoping the blush didn’t show on her face.

Chi-Chi started walking towards the store. “Now, first—“

“I need to—“ Bikini bit down on her lower lip, the pain making her wince but also stopping her from finishing the statement. She’d spent enough time with Chi-Chi to know that the older woman preferred polite language, scolding Gohan whenever he so much as let the word ‘damn’ slip out. So, a sentence like “I need to take a leak!” would certainly not be appreciated.

“Hm?” Chi-Chi asked. “What was that?”

“I need— Um— To… To use the little girls’ room,” Bikini said instead.

“Ah,” Chi-Chi said. “I was just about to suggest the same thing. I really should have gone before we left, that waterfall always gets me.”

“You need to go, too?” Bikini asked, lip catching between her teeth again. Both of them taking the time to pee COULD cause too much of a delay… Now that Chi-Chi was standing beside her, it was pretty obvious that she was uncomfortable as well. She was subtly stepping in place and looked like she wanted to sprint the last, little distance to the store. Not to mention, she was sweating even though it was pretty cool today.

Doing her best to ignore the throbs and pleas deep in her core, Bikini offered; “Er… Well, I could go get the eggs while you—“

“No, don’t,” Chi-Chi said. “If you need to go, you need to go.”

Chi-Chi’s dismissal had been rather quick, and Bikini wondered if the other woman was just anxious that she’d manage to break all of the eggs in the store if she went to grab them by herself, or if she’d noticed the knee-bouncing she’d been doing back in the car and thought it would be unwise to keep her from the toilet for much longer.

Bikini wasn’t sure which of those was more embarrassing, but her body certainly didn’t WANT her to continue holding her pee, so she nodded.

As they headed inside, Bikini felt like her ability to compose herself was being put to the test. The store was crowded, her body lighting up as all the different chis pinged around her. Her bladder was heavy in her core, but she didn’t want everyone to see her limping towards the bathroom, in obvious dire need. She wanted to walk normally, calmly, like the pressure within was barely there. Her steps were careful and deliberate as she followed behind Chi-Chi, body loosening itself with the promise that relief was on the way.

She looked up when she heard Chi-Chi groan at the exact moment she also became aware of a rather dense cluster of chis.

There was a line for the women’s room.

A very, very long line.

Of course there was a line.

Bikini wasn’t sure why she hadn’t expected it from the moment she saw how crowded the store was; With that many people, of course a decent chunk of them would also be needing to relieve themselves. Still, Bikini seethed at the sight of it, because there was no way any of the women ahead of her had to go as much as she did. They were all humans, after all. Even the most desperate human woman could never be holding as much as a squirmy Saiyan one. Bikini had to go the worst, she was sure of it.

Ugh… But, a Saiyan was also stronger than a human, meant to endure more, a little voice in the back of her head argued. That meant she could wait it out, even if her need WAS the most intense. If her father were here, he’d tell her to tough it ou—

Er…

No, he probably WOULDN’T, actually. He DEFINITELY wouldn’t. She KNEW that. She knew that because she’d already BEEN in this kind of situation before when he was around, and his answer had pretty much been; “Just go use the men’s room. There’s no line for that one. And it’s a stupid rule.”

THAT was what he’d say to her if he were here now.

Bikini’s gaze shifted to the door for the men’s room. Indeed, there WAS no line for it. Her Saiyan hearing could pick up on sounds coming from inside it, which meant she wouldn’t be alone in there, but… If she said she was having an emergency, they’d probably leave her be, right? It would be a little embarrassing, though…

She concentrated, none of the chis she sensed beyond that door felt familiar… She could tell some strangers she’d never see again that she really needed to pee, couldn’t she? That wouldn’t be SO bad…

They’d hear her going… Flooding the bowl…

But, that would be a problem even if she waited in line for THIS bathroom.

Oh, no. That would be a problem even if she waited in line for THIS bathroom! That would be a BIGGER problem actually, because Chi-Chi would be in there with her— Someone she actually KNEW.

That sealed it. The men’s room was the better option! She stepped one foot out of line, and—

“Bikini,” Chi-Chi stopped her. “We have time for this, alright? You don’t need to rush and skip taking care of yourself.”

And, of course she thought Bikini was just in a hurry to get the eggs. Feeling her face get hot, Bikini mumbled; “Um, actually, I was going to… Er…”

“Going to what?”

Bikini just nudged her head in the direction of the men’s room.

Chi-Chi turned, looked at the door, then shook her head. “I don’t think that’s a good idea…” she said. “You could get into trouble if someone complains.”

“But—“

“I don’t want to risk it,” Chi-Chi said. “It can’t be that much longer, hang in there.”

Bikini frowned, though she supposed she understood. The other times she’d used a men’s restroom, it had been empty aside from people she already knew. As much as she hated it, maybe Chi-Chi was right. Still, Bikini wanted to pee right this second. She needed to sit on a toilet right this second. She hated herself for skipping it back at Chi-Chi’s house. And she’d done it to save time… Ha, what a joke. THIS was taking way longer than a quick trip to an AVAILABLE bathroom would have.

Even though Chi-Chi had discouraged Bikini from leaving the line for immediate relief, she wasn’t sure how much longer she could hold it herself. Her legs were squished firmly together as she stood in place, and the desire to let them cross completely was very strong. Beside her, Bikini was stomping in place, her weight constantly shifting from one foot to the other, the urgency radiating off the girl was palpable, and it made Chi-Chi’s own predicament feel even more pressing. Her feet began to tap lightly against the cold linoleum floor.

Having been pregnant with two Saiyans, Chi-Chi had had no choice but to toughen up her holding muscles a little. Gohan wasn’t TOO bad of a kicker, but Goten had decided to use Chi-Chi’s bladder as his own personal punching bag. If she hadn’t been able to develop strategies to help hold back the tides under EXTREME levels of strain, she would have been leaking multiple times a day.

One thing she’d learned was that the way she breathed REALLY mattered. Shallow, slow breaths worked best. Deep inhales would stretch her bladder and make it harder to contain, breathing too quickly made her feel panicked, which would make all of her muscles squeeze, the ones around her bladder constricting and shoving the liquid down further.

The best thing to do was to breathe in a little, hold it a second, then let it out. It didn’t feel natural at all, and it took a bit of concentration, but it helped her bladder stay much steadier than it would otherwise. This was what she did now. Breathe in. Hold. Let it out. Breathe in. Hold. Let it out.

Her bladder thrummed, liquid swishing inside of it. She squeezed her thighs together and craned her neck to peek towards the front of the line. She tried to count the number of people ahead of her, but a cramp from her abdomen made her lose track. Her legs finally did cross, coiling together to fend off the awful ache that was only growing more intense. It reached a crescendo of blaring, white hot need and she almost let go of a whimper, when the spasm finally began to die off and pass over her.

The line was moving, she and Bikini had made it a few more paces, but if Chi-Chi suffered another wave like that, she wasn’t sure if it was moving quite fast ENOUGH for her.

Was it moving quickly enough for Bikini, for that matter? Chi-Chi looked at her, seeing how stiff she was, the way she trembled with her legs crossed and her fists balled at her sides. When she looked closer, Chi-Chi saw a swelling in Bikini’s lower belly that wasn’t usually there. Saiyans were so toned that a bump of that nature looked totally out of place, and it was difficult not to notice it.

Chi-Chi knew what it was, that Bikini’s bladder was now full enough to protrude. She may have thought her eyes were playing tricks on her were it not for the fact she’d seen Gohan suffering the same affect before. He occasionally came home from school in a rush, blurting out; “Could I use the bathroom before I start my homework?!” And if the squirming weren’t enough, the unnatural bulging in his abdomen would prove that he wasn’t looking for an excuse to procrastinate.

She’d seen Goku that way a couple times as well, usually seconds before he’d yanked his pants open and peed all over whatever was closest to him that he could deem ‘acceptable.’ (Of course, Goku’s definition of ‘acceptable’ differed greatly from a lot of people’s… Android 18 still reminded him he owed her money to replace one of her vases.)

She’d also noticed it happen to Vegeta. A LOT. Much more than any of the others, always accompanied by a lot of twitching and an even less friendly demeanor than usual.

She doubted if a human could hold enough pee to make their stomach swell up like that, but evidently Saiyans COULD. Chi-Chi’s belly would sometimes feel a lot firmer when she really needed to pee— it was doing that now, as a matter of fact— but it wasn’t anywhere near as extreme as what she’d occasionally see from any of them.

The sight of Bikini’s stretched midsection caused Chi-Chi some concern, alien biology or not, it looked excruciating. “I know, it feels like a lifetime,” she said, trying to be encouraging. “But, please just be patient for a little while longer. You’re okay, right?”

Bikini could no longer stop rocking on her heels, and now she had that infuriating sensation of way too much pressure building inside of her from both sides. Her bladder was dying to erupt with a geyser of liquid, and her hands were growing tight and hot as her energy tried to blast out and scorch whatever had the misfortune of being too close to her. The more she had to fight to keep one end from exploding, the less control she directed towards the opposite one.

She finally crammed her hands between her legs. This had multiple effects. First, it dammed up her crumbling bladder and helped her winking sphincters feel a little less worn down. Next, by squeezing her thighs around her hands, they lost a bit of circulation and the chi backed away from her fingertips. But, the third effect was significantly less welcome; It felt really, really fucking embarrassing.

She was grabbing her crotch while waiting in line for the restroom, so anyone who spotted her would instantly know she was bursting with pee and needed to be on a toilet NOW. There was no way they could mistake the cause of her distress for anything else. Her face was scorching hot, but she didn’t dare to budge her hands. SOMETHING would leak out if she did, she didn’t know if it would be pee or energy, but either one would be a disaster. Spilling some urine would be humiliating. Spilling some chi might result in something getting damaged, which might end with her being asked to leave WITHOUT using the restroom, and she’d absolutely POP if she had to try and find another place to unload her ocean.

So, she HAD to hold herself. It was the only way she’d make it out unscathed now.

Besides, maybe… Maybe the people ahead of her would notice how dire her need was, and decide to let her go first? Maybe—

No, that wouldn’t happen.

Looking over the line, it would be easier to pick out which women WEREN’T bursting than the ones who were. The first girl’s legs were crossing back and forth, the fourth one was utterly frantic and dancing in place, the seventh was continually palming her crotch with one hand. The two behind her were shuffling around and murmuring to each other, the one behind them was doubled over…

No one was gonna let Bikini cut. Tons of women ahead of her, all dying to go, all separating her from relief. She had to just hold it and try to make it through.

So, she waited and waited, cursing her Saiyan ears. She could determine from the sounds she picked up on that there were two stalls— Which pissed her off, because this was a big store. They couldn’t have made a little more room to add more toilets? But, no. There were two stalls She could hear the locks occasionally as each person took her turn.

But, beyond that, she could hear them GO. The humans around her weren’t picking up on it. At least, she didn’t think so because they didn’t SHUDDER every time a hissing stream made contact with a toilet bowl, but Bikini very much DID. She worried at her lip, every second she was subjected to the sound was torture. The initial release, the loud splatters as the women inside finally let go, made her bladder cramp and squeeze, trying with all its might to do the same. Then, as they got close to being finished, the slower trickles would taunt her as well, filling her mind’s eye with visions of rivers and rain droplets. The sounds of the toilets flushing, the rush of water through pipes, her own pipes screwed closed, but the screws starting to shake and come loose…

She squeezed herself harder and harder, her only saving grace being the reminders she kept giving herself; The more people she heard go, the closer she was to finally getting her turn. “Nnnh—! It’s taking forever!” She winced.

Chi-Chi was resting a hand between her legs as she shifted from side to side. She hadn’t wanted to resort to holding herself— Not in public!— but when Bikini started to do it, her own bladder had ignited with another one of those furious spasms and she couldn’t stop herself from joining in. Her smile was strained as she responded. “I know, Bikini. But, we can’t just barge our way through the line…” Her voice was starting to shake, it was almost impossible to mask her discomfort now.

She didn’t think her words were soothing Bikini much anymore. She knew that a Saiyan couldn’t be patient even when they were in a good mood and feeling perfectly comfortable. So, a Saiyan dying to pee would be even worse off. Chi-Chi could barely keep her own temper in check now, it was taking all she had to keep biting her tongue and not begin shouting ‘This is ridiculous! Can’t you people be any faster?!’

Chi-Chi’s bladder HURT. Badly. Her whole pelvic region felt full and pressurized. She HAD to get herself onto a toilet before her bladder decided that it couldn’t handle any more liquid and started to drain it all out. Breathe… Breathe…

This… Wasn’t as bad as one of the incidents she’d gone through while pregnant with Goten. He’d kicked during the night, waking her from a dead sleep and nearly causing her to wet the bed. She’d barely gotten out of it in time before the first leak had spurted warmly into her nightclothes, hands thrusting between her legs to cork up her opening and prevent any further damage. She’d dragged herself to the bathroom, so doubled over that she was practically on her hands and knees, only to find that it was already occupied and Goku was taking what must have been the longest pee of his life.

And, of course he’d left the door open and the light off, so Chi-Chi didn’t realize until she was already in the doorway and could hear his stream clearly.

“Goku! Hurry up!” Chi-Chi had commanded.

“Ah, I’m hurrying!” Goku stammered.

“And you’d BETTER be sitting down! The lights aren’t even on!”

“Yeah, but I have great night-vision!” Goku said.

“… Please tell me you at least remembered to put the seat up.”

“Um… Well… Uh… Hey, YOU can sit down, and I’ll keep aiming it between your legs, so you don’t gotta hold it!”

“Goku, that’s disgusting! I’ll just wait!”

And she HAD. She HAD waited until Goku was done, but not without a lot of dribbling and leaking, and Goten kicking AGAIN and nearly causing her to burst altogether.

This wasn’t as bad as that… She could hold it. Just… Had to keep clenching, had to keep breathing. Had to— Ah—! The most violent spasm of the day rocked through her lower stomach, it felt like her bladder was crushing itself into the tiniest little wad it possibly could, and a rapid spurt of liquid shot past her defenses before she could even react. She now needed to cup herself with both hands, just like Bikini. It didn’t matter that it was embarrassing, fixing a plug into her dam was the only way to keep it stable now.

The line kept moving, Bikini’s need kept becoming more and more pronounced. She had loosened her gi belt, but the relief that brought her had only lasted a couple of seconds. She was closer to the bathroom now, which was good. But, it also meant she could hear the streams beyond the door so much more clearly now, which was like a cruel and unusual punishment she didn’t think she’d done anything to deserve… Breaking some eggs didn’t warrant this kind of torture, did it?! Especially since it was just an accident!

Ah, accident… That word again. She didn’t want to think it. She was so close to having one… And, an extremely full Saiyan bladder exploding would make an even bigger mess than the ruined eggs had earlier. Not to mention the humiliation of losing control when she was so, SO close to a toilet.

She’d only have herself to blame, though. She’d NEEDED to go before they’d left. She’d KNOWN that. This hadn’t just snuck up on her, she’d felt significant pressure when she’d been right by an open bathroom and had made the active CHOICE not to use it.

Maybe THAT was what she was being punished for, not the egg destruction… She was getting tortured for being a moron! “Mmmf…” she let out a quiet, distressed sound in the back of her throat, trying not to curse herself out aloud.

“Hm?” Chi-Chi asked, and when Bikini looked at her again, she could tell she was on the precipice of disaster as well. She was holding herself firmly, hands pressed deeply between her legs as she jiggled, like she was seconds away from releasing a rainstorm into her clothes. Her dress was folded into the crease her legs created.

“N—Nothing,” Bikini said, certain that she must have looked just as pained. “Just… Really, really need to go.”

“A—Almost there,” Chi-Chi said. “Almost…”

And, indeed, they WERE almost there. Next in line, even. Bikini could hear the two stalls being put to use, the streams inside furious and fast as two women got to do what she was DYING to do. ‘Hold it,’ she thought. ‘You can make it… Not much longer… Hold it…’

When she heard the streams begin to slow to a trickle, she started to almost jog in place, hands still clasping tightly onto her crotch, upper arms trembling from the strain. She must have been holding herself as firmly as she’d clutch an opponent during a fight to keep them from getting away. She hoped she wasn’t accidentally hurting herself.

And, it was a testament to how badly she needed to go that she was plugging herself closed THAT tightly and STILL felt like she was right at the edge of leaking. She was getting worried that she wouldn’t be able to pull her pants down and actually SIT quickly enough. Should she have brought Piccolo’s funnel?! Would that be any faster?!

At last the toilets were flushing… Please… Please… Hurry… The stalls were being unlocked, opened, footsteps, sink faucets, ah— Bikini bolted for the door, and Chi-Chi followed behind her. Bikini claimed the first stall, turning sharply and running into it as fast as she could manage in her current, agonized state.

Bikini heard Chi-Chi slamming the door closed to her stall, but she knew better than to rush these next few actions herself. She had to be GENTLE with them. Like she’d TRIED to be with the eggs. She had to GENTLY close the stall door, so that it wouldn’t break off its hinges. And, she had be very, VERY careful with the lock, or it would crumble. This was not easy. She removed one hand from her crotch, and a droplet slipped free instantly. Pressing down harder with the other hand, she nudged the lock into position with the tip of one finger. Th… There… There…

In the next stall over, she could hear Chi-Chi shuffling around, mumbling. “Ugh… I hate this dress sometimes… Come on…”

Bikini quickly got to work on her own clothes, managing to untie her belt with one hand while keeping the other firmly wedged against her thoroughly overtaxed sphincters. Then, in one quick motion, she moved the hand away, shoved her pants down and threw herself back onto the toilet.

Once she was on the seat, it took her body a few seconds to catch up. She’d been giving herself one very simple order for such a long time now; ‘DON’T PEE. DON’T YOU DARE PEE.’ So, it was almost like her bladder couldn’t believe that she was finally allowed to do the opposite. Or… Maybe she HAD grabbed herself too hard and… Broken something? Could that happen? Oh no, what if that could happen?! She’d explode! She’d—

When she heard a gushing, forceful hiss and a fluttery sigh from the next stall, Bikini’s body got the memo and uncorked itself as well, her own waterfall pouring in an even more powerful rush. “Ahhh…” she tipped her head back, experiencing a full-body shiver the instant the first drops began to slam into the bowl beneath her.

Chi-Chi, meanwhile, was experiencing much of the same thing. Her eyelids had dropped closed, mouth hanging open in bliss, her stream splattering into the water, steady and strong. The relief felt so incredible that the sighs falling from her lips didn’t even embarrass her.

Bikini’s jet only picked up in intensity the more she relaxed and let it out. Some of the nervousness was creeping back in. Chi-Chi was in the next stall… She was peeing up a storm, too, but Bikini still knew that she’d let out the most. Chi-Chi had been so kind and caring today, so Bikini knew the ‘That’s so much, are you okay?’ question was coming.

But, the weirdest thing was happening. After a minute had passed, Bikini kept gushing with reckless abandon, her bladder pumping out liquid as fast as it possibly could, like a pinhole poked into a squished water-balloon, but… Chi-Chi wasn’t slowing down, either. Her own stream was still as intense as ever, the sound of their combined floods almost making Bikini’s ears ring.

That was… Unusual.

Chi-Chi was just a human…

Bikini even found herself opening her eyes to look under the stalls, double-checking that Chi-Chi’s feet were still the ones there, just in case Chi-Chi had finished and had her stall claimed by the next person in line without Bikini noticing.

But… No, it was still Chi-Chi.

She was still…

Well, she HAD really needed to go… She’d been clutching and jiggling as much as Bikini… Still, Bikini had never heard a HUMAN go this much for this long… Bikini’s mom or Videl would at least be tapering off by now, but Chi-Chi was still going strong.

Bikini was unsure what to make of that, and focused back on her own pee, on how good it felt, on how thankful she was that she’d actually made it. That had been a very close call… She was never gonna ignore her needs like that again! “Mmm…”

Chi-Chi’s waterfall finally started to quiet down after another minute, slowing to a trickle before ceasing entirely. “Phew…” she exhaled, and Bikini heard her breathing deeply for a few seconds before speaking. “Bikini? Did you make it okay?”

“Y—Yeah,” Bikini said, blushing slightly. That wasn’t the question she’d been dreading, but it was still embarrassing. Chi-Chi knew how close she’d come to an accident… “Almost done.”

“Take your time,” Chi-Chi said, opening her stall and heading out.

The thing was, Bikini WAS almost done. She only had to remain on her seat for another half a minute, and then she was tapped out. She hadn’t been going for THAT much longer than Chi-Chi.

She was a human, how did— Did she train her bladder, or something? What an odd thing to train… Why would she do that?

“That’s better…” Bikini sighed as she exited her stall to wash her hands.

“Much better,” Chi-Chi agreed. “Let’s go get those eggs, there’s still time to make Gohan his cakes.”

***

At Gohan’s birthday, he was indeed very pleased to learn that Bikini had helped out with making the cakes. When he heard that news, his eyes had gone wide; “I had no idea you could ever be patient enough for that.”

Bikini blushed at his words. He was right, it was rather amazing that she hadn’t gotten frustrated by the more tedious activity and given up. As embarrassing as it may have been, she certainly wasn’t known for her serenity and tolerance of things like that.

But, it wasn’t just embarrassment that made her face go red, it was something about the way he was looking at her… Impressed, appreciative… It was a nice way to be looked at.

*010*2025-06-30 18:04

Bikini and Goku

It was Goku and Chi-Chi’s anniversary, so Bikini was currently in the middle of the mall, her legs crossed, her breathing shallow, and her bladder screeching.

Uncertain of what to get Chi-Chi, Goku had come to the conclusion that he needed help from a woman. But, Eighteen wasn’t at Kame House when he’d gone to check, and Bulma— whom he’d asked for help LAST time— was too busy working. So, he’d gotten Bikini instead.

Bikini wasn’t sure how much help she would actually be. She didn’t think she had that much in common with Chi-Chi. What Bikini would view as the perfect gift probably wasn’t anything Chi-Chi would like. She’d even suggested that her FATHER might be the better person to ask, since Mom always seemed to like the things he gave her.

“But, you know about that romance stuff,” Goku said. “You read those books, right? I’m sure this will be easier if you help out. I’m gonna need a second opinion, that’s all.”

Bikini agreed to try, and followed Goku to the mall.

Even though Goku had acted like he was in a huge hurry before, the instant they got to the mall he insisted they go straight to the food court before they did anything else.

It was one of those moments that served to help Bikini understand why her dad tended to get annoyed the second he laid eyes on Goku.

“I thought we needed to—“

“We’ve still got time to eat,” Goku said. “Besides, I’m starving!”

She followed Goku to the food court and, after he’d chosen everything he wanted, she was glad that her mom never bothered to check how much came off of her credit card each month. Goku had gotten so much food that they needed to push a few tables together to fit all of it, as well as several enormous sodas.

He split his spoils up with Bikini, then grinned at her; “Hey, do you wanna have a soda drinking contest with me?” He asked. “I can never get your dad to do it because of his— Because he says it’s childish.”

“Um… I guess,” Bikini said. She imagined how proud her father would be if she defeated Goku in something. He probably wouldn’t even care WHAT it was. With that thought, she had all the motivation she needed. At first, she drank normally from the straws, but after the first couple cups, she decided that was way too slow to beat Goku. So, she pried off the lids, tipped her had back and chugged them as quickly as she could, pouring the cold liquid down her throat so fast that it made her head scream with an awful brain-freeze. She powered through it by picturing the look on Dad’s face when he learned she’d bested Goku at something.

In the end, she had finished eleven big cups of soda in the time it took for Goku to finish nine. “O—Oh,” Goku said, covering his mouth as he burped. “You drink as fast as Vegeta does sometimes.”

Bikini was puzzled at first. She had so rarely seen her father drink at all. Her mother had to constantly remind him to do it. But, when she thought about it, there had been occasions where Vegeta was coaxed into hydrating himself and some switch seemed to flip after the first few slow sips. Then, he’d start to guzzle like he’d drop dead if he didn’t get the water into himself fast enough.

It was probably because of that stage-fright thingy he had. He didn’t like to drink very much, so he was always dying of thirst. Then, when he finally gave in and had some water, he couldn’t get enough.

Bikini looked at the empty cups and realized she’d won. “My dad’s gonna be so excited!” She said happily.

“Hm? Why?”

“I beat you at something!”

“… Heh, yeah. I guess you did,” Goku agreed. “You’re right, Vegeta is gonna be real proud.” He started on some of his food then. “Mm… This is good, Bikini!”

Bikini started to eat as well. She wasn’t that hungry, her stomach felt really full already from all the soda. She could feel the cool liquid sloshing inside of it, and it left her with a bloated sensation. Still, she was a Saiyan— She could ALWAYS eat at least a little. This time around, it didn’t take long for her belly to begin aching, though. It surprised her that Goku could eat so much and not feel sick after the soda contest. He managed to clear everything that was left on the table.

“Ah, that was great!” Goku said. “Ready to head home?”

Bikini stared back at him, unbelieving. Her father was right, Goku couldn’t keep a single thought in his head for longer than ten minutes unless it had to do with food or fighting. “Your anniversary gift for your wife…?”

“Oh, right!” Goku exclaimed. “Whoops, almost forgot!” He sprang up from his seat, then did a few more hops in rapid succession. These were a bit more awkward and pained looking. He gave a nervous laugh. “Eheh… Um, but first I really gotta find a bathroom.”

Bikini stood up as well, feeling a distinct tingling in her own bladder. It wasn’t an emergency, far from it, but glancing back at the eleven massive cups she’d drained, she doubted she had much time left before it turned into one. Her bladder’s capacity might have been impressive, but she must have had several liters of soda flowing through her body right now. That was gonna get painful if she didn’t unload some of it soon. She could still feel her lower belly sloshing, and her bladder was already tingling rather persistently. “Yeah, me too.”

Goku nodded, looking over all the empty cups in front of Bikini. It was a wonder she wasn’t fidgeting any as she stood up. Even so, Goku could still tell that she was feeling some pressure already. Vegeta had expressed to him several times how devastated he would be if either of his children ever developed the ‘stage-fright’ situation he dealt with. It would be a nightmare for him. Goku just knew that he wouldn’t be able to stop blaming himself for it. Sometimes, from the way Vegeta talked about it, it sounded like he thought it was inevitable. Like, because their father had this problem, Bikini and Trunks were just destined to have it eventually as well.

At first, Goku figured Vegeta was worrying over nothing. He didn’t think the other Saiyan’s children could just automatically inherit THAT from him the same way they’d inherited his thick eyebrows. After all, neither Gohan nor Goten had wound up with Goku’s fear of needles, so that must have meant those kinds of things didn’t get passed down.

But, then Goku had realized that Bikini and Trunks had a much more anxious nature than Gohan and Goten. Trunks got pretty embarrassed if he tried to show off a move and it didn’t work out, but Goten would just laugh and keep trying over and over, not caring if people were starting to giggle. And, Bikini would often get so nervous that her powers stopped working correctly, energy leaking out of her palms in little sparks, or even full chi blasts if it was really bad. Gohan had never done that, even when he had a big test coming up. He only let out chi when he focused and wanted to.

Vegeta’s whole problem was that he couldn’t pee when he was nervous, and his children obviously got nervous a lot… A lot more than either of Goku’s sons did… Maybe it COULD happen if either of them was pushed the wrong way.

So, Goku had decided he’d quietly help Bikini and Trunks AVOID that.

He was glad that, looking back, he couldn’t think of anything he may have done around Bikini when she was younger to make her feel more self conscious about peeing. He’d rarely ever told her to hold it if she informed him that she needed to go while they were together. He’d only told her to wait a few times, and each of those times it was just because he wanted to make sure they were in a safe location where she could let her guard down for a few minutes.

He could only think of ONE situation where he may have said or done anything wrong, back when Goku and Vegeta had been helping her and Gohan prepare for the androids. When Goku and Gohan took a break to pee, Bikini had run off quite a far distance away instead of staying right there with them, and Goku had gotten confused. “Why’s she gotta pee all the way over there? Isn’t it faster to just do it right here?”

“Dad…” Gohan mumbled.

Vegeta glared. “You can’t be serious, Kakarot.”

“I am,” Goku said. “She looked like she had to go real bad, so why would she wanna run so far? She could just go here, right?”

“Wrong,” Vegeta groaned.

And, Goku had actually gotten worried for a second there. He’d only just learned about Vegeta’s stage-fright a little while ago, did Bikini suddenly have it as well? “Why n—“

“Because she’s a GIRL, you idiot!” Vegeta said.

“… What’s that got to do with anything?”

“Must I explain it?! She needs to… Expose more than we do! And, she’s reaching an age where she wouldn’t WANT to do that in front of us!”

“… Oh,” Goku said, relieved.

That was the only time he could think of where he maybe said something embarrassing for her, and she hadn’t been there to hear it, so he was confident he’d done NOTHING to make her anxious about relieving herself.

Once he was certain that he had no past mistakes to correct with her, he focused on making sure nothing happened to her that could make her develop Vegeta’s problem. Goku wasn’t totally sure what all COULD cause that issue to begin plaguing her, but he DID figure that having an accident could do it. Goku had wet himself a couple of times as an adult, and it hadn’t been a huge deal to him. Embarrassing, sure, but not devastating. He could get over it in as much time as it took to dry himself off.

But… Bulma said Bikini had… Um… She said it was called ‘low self-esteem’. She fixated on her mistakes for a really long time, and humiliating moments stuck with her. If she ever peed her pants, she WOULD dwell on it and beat herself up over it. She’d definitely see it as a sign of weakness, an indication that she was a failure. If she did that in front of witnesses, it would really hurt her. She would NOT get over it as soon as she’d dried off. Not unless someone was around who knew EXACTLY how to make her feel better right away.

So, Goku’s plan to keep Vegeta’s fears from coming to fruition became pretty simple. If Bikini was ever desperate to go, and he was there, he’d make it his mission to get her to a toilet as soon as possible. And, if that failed and she didn’t make it in time, he’d…

Well, he wasn’t POSITIVE if this part would work, but if she ever had an accident in front of him, he thought the BEST thing he could do to help at that point would be to pee his pants as well. Because, whenever Bikini had problems with that ‘low self-esteem’ thingy, it USUALLY had something to do with her feeling ‘too weak’ or ‘not good enough’. And, she knew how strong Goku was, so if he wet himself then she wouldn’t think such an action made a person feeble.

But, thanks to all this, Goku had learned to recognize when Bikini had to pee just as easily as he could pick up on Vegeta’s needs. It helped that Bikini didn’t force herself to suffer in silence every time, or fight to keep herself still past the point where she could reasonably manage it. Bikini’s early ‘warning sign’ was actually the same thing Vegeta did when he was starting to burst; little shaky tremors as her body tensed up.

She was shaking a lot now, so the soda must have already been hitting her pretty hard.

It was hitting Goku REALLY hard, though. His abdomen shuddered as he walked, his length already starting to ache under the weight of the pressure. It wasn’t until he and Bikini had exited the food court that Goku realized he had a bigger problem than just his need to pee. With a sheepish smile, he turned back to Bikini. “Er… You wouldn’t happen to know where the bathrooms ARE here, would you?”

Bikini fought against the desire to groan as she shook her head. “I thought you did!”

“I haven’t come here that many times,” Goku said. “And, I didn’t memorize where everything is.”

Bikini had probably been to this mall more often than Goku had, but this was the first time she’d needed to worry about finding where its toilets were located. She’d never had to go that badly here, and it had always been preferable to just wait until she got home, rather than searching for a restroom.

But, the soda was rapidly going through her, the little itchy twinges in her middle had quickly turned into dull humming throbs. Waiting until she got home was not going to work this time. At the rate liquid was being pumped into her bladder, it would not be long at all before she was hanging on by a mere thread, struggling to stay dry.

Goku was shifting from one foot to the other, his own need being made abundantly clear. When she was little, and had seen Goku dancing around like this, she had assumed he did it just to be silly, to make her and Gohan feel less embarrassed about the way THEY squirmed when they needed to pee. She’d never seen an adult fidget and writhe so openly, without so much as an attempt to conceal it, so that must have meant he was exaggerating.

But, over time— Once she and Gohan both got old enough that THEY could usually conceal their wriggling a little better up to a point— it became clear that Goku didn’t behave that way just so no one else had to feel self-conscious. He did it because he didn’t CARE if everyone in the world saw him bouncing and grabbing himself, when he had to pee the only thing that mattered to him was lessening the pressurized sensations and keeping it in long enough to avoid getting soaked. What people thought of him when they witnessed him dancing around and struggling barely crossed his mind. If he thought about it at all, he dismissed it with an ease Bikini couldn’t believe was even possible.

So, hopping from foot to foot like this wasn’t even enough to bring a blush to his face. Glancing around, Bikini could see people WERE noticing his urgent shuffling, but their stares weren’t registering to Goku at all.

When he got like this around Bikini’s father, Dad would be the one to blush. He’d start to scold him; “Kakarot, control yourself! People are watching, stop being such a disgrace!” It just put Dad on edge to be near someone jiggling and clutching themselves so openly.

But now, Bikini wasn’t sure why it perturbed her father so much. Bikini could see a bit of a USE for Goku’s blatant displays of desperation. With HIM being so shameless and obvious, SHE could get away with a little toe-bouncing and leg crossing herself.

Bikini paused to cross her legs for several seconds multiple times as they walked through the mall. The action brought her a slight taste of relief each time, like she was pushing the mass of liquid off of her sphincters each time she did it, granting the little ring of muscle a well-deserved break. She doubted anyone would notice. Who’d be looking at her far more subtle behaviors when the guy next to her was squirming like he was coated in itching powder?

“Bikini?” Goku paused in his anxious stride, fiddled with his belt, doing his best to yank it away from his abdomen. “You need to go pretty bad too, don’t you?”

Bikini uncrossed her legs at those words. Of course, maybe everyone else’s attention would be on Goku, but Goku had eyes of his own, too. HE’D notice that she was starting to struggle. Did he have to be so loud about it, though? “Well, uh… That was a LOT of soda,” she said. It had been WAY too much. She was NOT used to her bladder filling this quickly at all. It was almost like she could feel each new wave being pumped down from her kidneys and splashing into its rapidly stretching interior. She swore there was a little faucet that kept being pulled wide open every few seconds, a stream pattering inside her. Her legs clamped together, her muscles flexing with tension.

“Yeah,” Goku agreed. “Tell me about it… If we ever have a contest like that again, we’d better make sure we know where the bathroom is before we start.”

That would have been the smarter thing to do. It wasn’t like Bikini hadn’t KNOWN that chugging down tons of liquid would make her body start pleading for the toilet… She kept following behind Goku, hopeful that eventually they’d stumble upon some facilities. This was a big mall, so there should be a lot of bathrooms, right? How hard could it be to find just ONE?

Apparently, it could be very hard. They made it to one of the far corners on this floor, and Bikini had ASSUMED that there would be a restroom sign greeting them at the end of it. Malls usually tucked the bathrooms away in corners like this, didn’t they? But, no such sign was there. Just another clothing store.

Goku groaned at the sight of it, coming to another stop and his already non-existent composure disintegrated even further; Squirming, twisting, stamping his feet as he hopped between them, hands flying to his crotch for a tight squeeze. “Nnnnh,” he whimpered, turning back around to face Bikini, his eyes shimmery and pleading— As if she could somehow do something to relieve his discomfort. As if she weren’t just as dismayed by their inability to find a restroom as he was. “I don’t know how much longer I can wait, Bikini!” He said, voice cracking. “How are you holding up?”

Bikini was still standing up straight, as opposed to Goku’s slightly hunched posture, and she wasn’t at the point where she NEEDED to grab herself, but now that they’d stopped walking she was swaying back and forth. She was actually stunned by how little time it had taken for her bladder to get THIS full. She VERY gently placed a finger-tip against her lower abdomen, feeling that it was even firmer than usual, the skin straining. Even that meager touch resulted in a shockwave radiating out just beneath it, earthquakes tearing through the hard, liquid-laden stone lodged so uncomfortably in her core. A pained moan shoved its way past her clenched teeth.

“Pr—Pretty bad?” Goku gathered upon hearing the urgent noise. His heart was starting to pound. Bikini was getting really, really full at a lightning speed. Eleven massive cups of soda were trying to cram themselves into an organ that couldn’t POSSIBLY have room for all of them, and that look on her face— Eyes wide open, jaw clenched, sweat glistening even though she’d barely done more than walk around… Goku recognized it; That was the expression Vegeta made when he was really in trouble. The one that meant ‘Kakarot, get me home NOW, or else it’s going to REALLY start to hurt.’ The one that meant Goku had to grab him, put two fingers to his forehead and—

Wait.

Oh, duh…

Goku felt so silly that he almost wanted to smack himself in the face. Maybe he would have if he weren’t so worried that any jolt to his body would make him leak. The answer was obvious! It had been right there the whole time; Maybe Goku couldn’t find a bathroom around here for him and Bikini to use, but he COULD teleport.

He nervously removed one hand from his groin, feeling the pressure ramp up the instant the support was gone. He held it out to Bikini. “Take my hand.”

“Huh? What f—“

“I’m gonna use Instant Transmission. Just take my hand and let me look for your dad’s chi.”

Bikini felt like such a moron once she’d heard that. Of COURSE, why hadn’t she suggested that earlier?! She knew Goku did something similar for her father all the time. More than once, she’d notice Dad getting antsy before whispering to Goku, and then the two of them would suddenly disappear for a little bit. A couple times, Dad and Goku would suddenly appear in front of her at home, with Dad looking frazzled as he rushed off, Goku rattling off an excuse for why they’d needed to pop into the house so quickly. She KNEW that Goku teleported Dad home just so he could relieve himself, so why hadn’t it occurred to her that he could do the same thing for her?

She grabbed his hand, grateful that her discomfort was nearing its end.

Goku squeezed her back. Now, came the really tricky part. He needed to let go of his crotch completely, move his OTHER hand to his forehead… Straining his thigh muscles and pressing his legs together as hard as they’d go, he gently released his hold on himself. A burst of heat shot down his shaft, and it succeeded in shoving out a few spurts, the fabric encasing his length feeling VERY damp. He felt himself blushing then. Squirming was only a little embarrassing, wet spots on his clothes were a different story. He’d have to remember to raise his chi a bit after he’d finished peeing, make sure he got that dried up.

But, first he needed Vegeta’s energy. Vegeta was probably gonna get startled and yell at him again when they appeared— He never liked it when Goku just… Popped in front of him with no warning. Goku was confident he’d calm down about it faster than usual, though. As soon as he realized Goku had done it to help Bikini, Vegeta would be fine. It was so sweet how protective he got with her…

He’d probably kill Goku if he ever said that, though. ‘I’m NOT protective, Kakarot! I just… Appreciate you helping her avoid public embarrassment today. She’s ROYALTY. Royalty should never be caught in such a disgraceful position! That’s all!’

Now, where WAS Vegeta’s energy. It was… Really, REALLY tricky to focus. His hands both wanted to dive back between his legs, and he continued to feel more leaks threatening to flow beyond his weakening dam. His attention was being starkly divided. He had to concentrate on locating Vegeta’s chi, on holding onto Bikini, AND on keeping his holding muscles tight and firm.

He should have been able to find Vegeta. Vegeta’s energy was so huge and dense, and it was always rising and falling at rapid intervals. He could almost ALWAYS feel Vegeta. He actually tended to get a little tetchy when Vegeta was further away than usual and his chi signals weren’t as clear to him. It was a weird thing, just this off-kilter feeling that something wasn’t right, that something was missing. Kind of like if he woke up one day and discovered his big toes had suddenly fallen off. It always went away once he was near Vegeta again.

Goku COULD pick up on Vegeta’s energy eventually. It took longer than usual, but soon the flaring, tense pings were there. Now, he just needed to move himself to them. Had to— Ah— Come on— He could FEEL Vegeta, but latching onto him wasn’t working! He’d feel his own chi bind onto it for a second, but then his bladder would flare, another dribble would bead out of his tip, he’d clench to cut it off, and lose track of Vegeta again. He tried it over and over, his panic rising each time it failed, his crotch feeling more clammy as his hold on his bladder disintegrated as well.

Suddenly, the hand not on his forehead felt empty, and his eyes snapped open to find that Bikini had stuffed both her hands between her legs, her face a bright, BRIGHT red. Goku wasn’t that embarrassed when he had to grab at himself because, the way he looked at it, holding his crotch made him look a lot less goofy than a stream of pee running down his leg would. And, if one prevented the other, why SHOULDN’T he just squeeze himself closed when he needed to?

But, Bikini was different. She wasn’t QUITE as ashamed of the action as Vegeta was— As evidenced by the fact that she was DOING IT in a public area at all— but she really wasn’t thrilled any time she had to resort to that where people could see.

So, Goku moved a little closer to her, trying to make it harder for people to spot her as they walked by. He bit down on the inside of his cheek, trying to break the news gently; “I… Um… Sometimes… Sometimes when I really need to go, my Instant Transmission stops working…”

“Wh—What?!”

“I need to be able to focus, and if I need to pee too badly…”

Bikini REALLY wished one of them had remembered this option earlier, BEFORE Goku had filled up this far!

“But— But, I’m sure we can still find a bathroom here, they’ve gotta HAVE one,” Goku said.

Bikini knew there must have been a restroom here, she just DIDN’T know if they could locate it in time. In the couple minutes it took for Goku to realize teleportation was off the table, her bladder had begun to strain HARD in all directions. Her lower belly HURT from the constant pressure, her opening was stinging viciously, caustic fluid nipping at its edges and BEGGING to come out.

Goku wasn’t sure if they’d find the bathroom in time, either. He was getting worried that he’d have to enact his plan today, and see if it actually worked; Bikini might have an accident, so Goku would have to wet himself right after she did.

Er…

Right… AFTER she did.

Would it work, would it help her feel better, if Goku lost control BEFORE she did? Maybe? It would tell her that her limit was higher than Goku’s, which would make her feel strong, right? Vegeta liked knowing he had a larger bladder than Goku did…

Yeah, maybe Goku SHOULD wet himself first?

Well, no… That might not be so great.

Vegeta had MAJOR issues around running water, the sound and sight made him feel like he’d burst. It was even worse if, instead of water, it was a stream of pee.

Goku thought Bikini might have been the same way. He’d taken her camping with him and Gohan once, and when Goku suggested they set up the tents near a waterfall, Bikini had vehemently shaken her head and glared at the thing like it had insulted her entire family. “Somewhere else,” she’d insisted, her expression growing more wary as she kept looking at the rushing liquid. She turned to Gohan, reddening, before mumbling an “Excuse me” and running off.

So, if Goku peed his pants FIRST, it would be too much of a tease on Bikini’s bladder, and any hope she had left of making it would be gone. He’d play a role in CAUSING her to have an accident in public, rather than help her feel better about it. THAT could make Vegeta’s fear come true…

Goku had to hold it, at least until Bikini’s own bladder exploded. Hopefully they’d find a restroom BEFORE that happened, but if not… He’d unclench the second her puddle started to form.

Either way, he didn’t think he’d have to contain himself for that much longer. Bikini wasn’t looking so good…

“Do you wanna try asking someone?” Goku offered.

Bikini’s face paled at that suggestion, and she moved closer to Goku, hiding herself behind him even more. Goku knew that her father’s influence was showing itself. None of the royal Saiyans liked asking for help, nor would they be willing to bring themselves to demand directions to the restroom when they couldn’t stop jumping around and grabbing at themselves.

Goku flinched. So much for using THAT as a solution. “Or… Maybe we can find a map?”

Bikini nodded. “Fine.” Maps were fine. Maps didn’t have eyes. Or brains. Maps couldn’t look at Bikini and snicker as she jiggled around and pleaded for a toilet.

So, from there, the goal became to find a bathroom OR a map. Bikini stuck close to Goku from that point on, so long as she used his body as a barrier between herself and as many people as possible, she didn’t have to feel AS embarrassed. She couldn’t hide herself away from everyone, but it was better than being left totally out in the open.

Goku gripped himself firmly as he walked as quickly as he dared. A part of him hoped that one of the people staring at him would actually approach him, say “You know the restrooms are THAT way, right?” But, the rest of him hoped they wouldn’t, fearing how humiliating that might feel for Bikini.

As the search continued, seemingly endless, Bikini spilled a few times. Not BAD spills, just short little bursts of processed soda that spritzed the area between her thighs. Her dark pants made her doubt anything was visible yet, but each leak made her heart pound harder. They were happening at more regular intervals after a bit, with less and less time between them. Her resolve was fraying, she needed a toilet NOW.

Goku soon found himself considering ‘alternatives’. He always did that whenever he went THIS long without seeing a proper toilet. There was a fountain in the center of the mall, he knew. Maybe he and Bikini could have a pretend-fight beside it and shove each other in, then they could just relax and go, the water hiding all the evidence.

But, if Bikini WAS as bad around running water as Vegeta was, the second her Saiyan ears picked up on the fountain, there would suddenly be TWO fountains in the mall, she’d be peeing before Goku could ‘accidentally’ knock her into the water.

There were stores that sold vases, and if Goku actually bought and paid for a couple, would anyone be able to complain if he and Bikini peed in them? He’d own them…

But, he remembered what Vegeta had said all those years ago; “She needs to… Expose more than we do! And, she’s reaching an age where she wouldn’t WANT to do that in front of us!” If she hadn’t wanted to squat in the bushes too close to Goku, Gohan and her father, dropping her pants and sitting on a vase in a busy mall would NEVER happen.

Trying to do THAT might make her develop Vegeta’s problem even faster than a public accident would…

There were also stores that sold plants, but he dismissed that idea for the very same reason; Bikini needed more privacy than he did, and he couldn’t see any discreet crevices for her to duck into.

He was just about to ask her if going outside, behind the building, might be an okay thing to do, when she let out a frantic noise. He felt his heart drop down on top of his bladder, another leak re-wetting the drying cloth around his tip. She was losing it, she was having an—

But, he didn’t hear any hissing, or the pitter-pattering of liquid against floor, and Bikini wasn’t trying to hide herself even MORE thoroughly behind him, instead she was sprinting right past him, turning into a corner that was tucked between two shops. It was so well concealed there that Goku would have missed it had he not seen her disappear behind it. He looked up, seeing a sign above it, the one he’d been hoping to spot for ages.

He dashed right after her, as fast as he could. Liquid pumped further and further down his shaft as he ran, and he trickled a few more times, but that was FINE. He could go in just a couple more seconds, get EVERYTHING out of him, and dry off with is energy once he was done. He was gonna—

He stopped, seeing Bikini nervously bouncing between the two doors. His eyes flicked down, relieved to see no pool of liquid collecting at her feet— Wetting her pants when she was so close to relief would have been the most devastating thing possible for her. But then, what was wrong? “Bikini, are y—“

“The men’s room is closed,” Bikini pointed out, shuffling on the spot, hands pushing into her crotch.

Goku looked at that door, biting his lip when he saw the note tacked to it. “S—So? You’re not a guy, you c—“

“You can’t make it to anoth—another one, though,” Bikini said.

Goku held himself firmly and knew that was true. He was pretty much wetting his pants now, drop by drop instead of a full-fledged flood, but it was happening. He STILL didn’t understand why the bathrooms had to be separated anyway. He really, really needed to pee. There were functional toilets behind the door to the women’s room, so he should have been able to use one!

But, he’d been in a similar situation with Bulma once before, and she hadn’t let him use the women’s room, she’d told him he’d get into trouble, that he had to wait until he found a different men’s room that actually worked. He wasn’t even gonna ASK Bikini if he could please, please, PLEASE just use this bathroom, because he’d explode if he didn’t. He knew now what the answer would b—

“Is it too awkward, or do you wanna come in with me?” Bikini asked.

“Wh—What?”

“Just answer!” Bikini demanded. “I’m gonna burst!”

“I can— You’ll let m—“

“YES OR NO?!”

“Yes!” Goku exclaimed, gratitude lacing his voice. “Yes, yes, please!”

Bikini didn’t need to hear anything else, she shoved open the door and ran inside, and Goku followed her eagerly. Finally… Finally, he was gonna get to pee! Bikini didn’t care about that silly rule, either!

Bikini rushed into a stall, letting out an audible hissing wince when she accidentally slammed the metal door too hard behind her. It made such a loud crashing sound that it startled her, her next leak gushing forth in response. “D—Dammit, stop…” she grunted, clutching herself tight with one hand as she nervously nudged the lock into place with the other. ‘Don’t break it… Careful…’

That nerve-racking task taken care of, she untied her belt as fast as her hands could move, shoved down her pants and all but collapsed onto the toilet seat. Without conscious thought, her body finally did the one thing it had been begging for all afternoon; It unleashed a rapid, ear-splitting stream of epic proportions.

Bikini moaned and gasped in sheer relief as the sodas she’d foolishly chugged finally stopped their relentless torture of her, finally being freed into the porcelain below. She panted and moaned more as the waterfall built into a hurricane. She felt so much better, so relaxed, that she could barely keep herself upright on the seat.

As Goku freed himself, his stream shooting into the bowl before he could even aim its trajectory properly, he let out a blissful sigh of his own. “Ahhhhh… Ohhh… Finallyyy…” He was a little shocked that Bikini was making similar noises in the next stall. So much of her behavior so far had mirrored her father’s. She’d been self-conscious, embarrassed, she’d tried to hide her uncontrollable squirming from onlookers…

Goku could count on one hand the number of times Vegeta had let himself moan like that as he emptied his bladder. He’d figured Bikini would grit her teeth and try to keep those sounds at bay, too.

Apparently not.

Goku had heard Bulma sigh and pant while peeing if she’d been desperate… Bikini must have gotten this from HER, then…

Goku remembered that Bulma sometimes got sad about how little she and Bikini had in common, maybe she’d like to know that this was something they shared! He should tell her!

Goku exhaled a final, breathy “Ohhh…” as his stream tapered off around a minute later. That was better… So, so, SO much better. He charged his chi slightly, feeling the clammy spots on his pants fade. There. It was like nothing had even happened!

He left his stall and stood by the door to wait for Bikini to finish. Now that he no longer felt like he was going to burst, he was able to concern himself with the search for Chi-Chi’s gift again. It felt like he and Bikini had been holding it for hours and hours, he hoped there was still time left to find a present. He hoped Bikini hurried.

But, a LOT of time passed and she was still going strong. Goku supposed he ought to have expected that. She’d had so much to drink. And, besides… “Sounds like you got your Dad’s bladder, huh?” Goku blurted it out without thinking. Vegeta was not going to be happy with him if he found out…

Bikini squeaked a little. Oops, that probably embarrassed HER too…

“S—Sorry,” Goku said. “I know I’m not supposed to talk in here… Oh, or are the rules different in the girls’ one?”

Bikini’s stream slowed a little as she replied; “Um… Sometimes girls talk but, uh, usually just at the mirrors, not while they’re… Still… Uh…”

“Oh, okay!” Goku said. That WAS a little different. “I’ll wait until you’re done, then!”

Bikini didn’t reply, her release continuing to fade.

“Bikini? I said I’ll talk to you once you’re—“

“I HEARD YOU!”

“Okay, good!”

“Ugh…”

After a few more seconds, Bikini’s flow had come to an end. Goku heard her clothes rustling, and then the stall door opened.

“All better?” Goku asked.

“Yes,” Bikini said, moving to the sinks. She paused, realizing something. “Uh… Goku, I didn’t hear the sink running. Did you remember to wash your—“

“Oh, right, I’m supposed to do that,” Goku said, turning on one of the sinks. He rinsed his hands off for a couple seconds, watching as Bikini took longer, using soap and everything… How weird, all she’d done was pee! She hadn’t touched anything gross! And he didn’t think she could have accidentally gotten any on her hands, like Goku sometimes did.

Probably not, anyway…

“Um… Bikini…” Goku nibbled at his lip. “Can I ask you something?”

“What?”

“Don’t get mad. It’s just… I’ve been wondering about it for a real long time, and I’ve never gotten an answer…”

Huh…? Well, Goku had apparently heard Bikini’s dad pee at least once before. He must have been wondering if a huge bladder was a trait the Saiyan royal family had always had. In which case, Bikini didn’t really know. She knew her father must have had a strong bladder, considering his… situation. And, the times Trunks had needed to go out in the open, he’d taken a while to finish. But, she didn’t know about Uncle Tarble, or—

“How do girls pee?” Goku asked finally.

“… What.”

“I’ve never been able to figure it out!” Goku said. “You don’t have a thingy, so where does it come from? It can’t be the hole in the front, can it? ‘Cause, then Chi-Chi wouldn’t have been able to pee when she had Gohan and Goten in her tummy. They would have been in the way, right? So, is it the hole in the back? But, then how do you—“

“It’s neither of those!” Bikini cried out, certain she couldn’t feel more embarrassed. Goku was obviously confused about… A LOT of things, but she could at least try to help him get the peeing thing right.

“Huh? But… Then… How does—“

“There’s a THIRD hole, THAT’S where pee comes out.”

“Oh…” Goku said. “So, it’s just a real small hole, then? That’s why you gotta sit down?”

Bikini nodded. “Yeah, normally.”

“Normally…?”

Bikini paled, realizing what she’d just said. She knew that it was too late now. No way was Goku gonna drop this. “Um… Well, if it’s an emergency, and I HAVE to stand up…”

Goku’s eyes widened. “You CAN stand up?! But, when I was little, Bulma always said there’s no way! How do you— Wait, I know, do you grow a thingy when you turn Super Saiyan?!”

“WHAT?!” Bikini almost shrieked. How— What— “WHY IS THAT THE FIRST THING YOU THINK OF?!”

“I just—“ Goku flinched back. Aw man… He’d gone ALL this time without saying accidentally saying anything to make her feel embarrassed about peeing, and now he’d wrecked it! “I thought— I thought if Bulma said it was impossible, but you say it IS possible, the difference has gotta be that you’re a Saiyan and she isn’t! And— And, I’m sorry! I’m sorry, please don’t be embarrassed— And, please DON’T tell Vegeta I said that!”

Bikini took a deep breath. Maybe she WOULD tell Dad… Dad wanted to reach Super Saiyan 3, and that just might do it… “I… I can use a FUNNEL,” she said. “Alright? I can go standing if I use a funnel.”

“Ohhh,” Goku said. “That makes WAY more sense!”

Bikini seethed. “Yes. Yes it does.”

