Detective Pollard and her leaky bladder

Author: Spurgle

*000*2023-11-08 19:25

Warning; This story contains some very mild poop content.

A single shot rang out around the bay and a lifeless body hit the floor with a soft thud. Unheard by none except the sea birds, it went totally unnoticed. The body would not be discovered for several hours, in which time the killer made off into the bustle of the city. It would prove another frustrating case for the city’s police department, in a year already blighted by rising crime and cutbacks to patrols and core manpower. In the morning the case would land on the desk of Detective Sarah Pollard, an experienced, meticulous officer, who took her job seriously and was well known for getting results.

At the age of thirty-eight, she was still one of the more junior detectives, but because she had been an officer since the age of eighteen, she was widely regarded as one of the most experienced officers on the force. She had risen slowly through her career and had turned down promotion on several separate occasions, but promotion was never her goal, service to the people was. It took a fair amount of persuasion and promises to cajole her into accepting the promotion.

Still, it was hoped that she could pull off her usual magic and bring about a result that could turn the year around and bring at least some positivity to an otherwise drab year of results. After all, it was an election year, and the Incumbent Mayor was relying on something, anything, that could resemble some kind of success that he could sell to his electorate, and it would be Sarah’s job to deliver it.

Sarah woke with a start. She had been dreaming about how she used to ride horses as a young girl on her uncle’s farm. She would ride for hours and never grew tired of being in the saddle. Her father always joked that she should emigrate to Mongolia, where he said she could ride all the horses she could ever want and as a young girl, she harboured the dream of leaving the city behind and pursuing a life in the saddle. As she grew older, these dreams faded to nothing and instead she embraced the reality of life in the city. She still rode on occasion, but not as often as she would have liked.

She rolled over and gave her husband a peck on the cheek, her thick brown hair falling onto his face as she did so. He twitched and turned over and began to snore again. She looked at the clock on the bedside table, it was five in the morning. Her alarm wasn’t due to sound for another two hours but even still, she considered getting up there and then. She figured it would do her good to be one of the first Detectives at the precinct and a head start on her backlog of cases was never a bad thing.

She rubbed her eyes and sat on the edge of the bed. For a minute she stared at her feet and thought about the backlog of cases, so much violence and theft that she wondered if the world was somehow going backwards. She put these thoughts to one side and got up from the bed and went to the window. She peered discreetly from behind the curtain and looked out onto the street. It was quiet and clean, everything that the city wasn’t. She let the curtain fall back into place, careful not to let too much light pour into the room, lest it wake her husband.

She crept out of the room and closed the door gently, being sure not to let the door bang on the frame as it often did if not gentle enough. From there she collected the newspaper from the doormat and placed it on the kitchen table before making a pot of coffee. She scanned the headlines as the coffee machine did its work. It was all bad news. Strikes, political machinations, missing donation money and to top it off, the local sports team had gone into administration.

“Oh wonderful” she said sardonically.

After a few minutes there was a beep, signalling that the coffee machine had completed its task and without bothering to finish the sentence she was reading, she got up and quickly filled a mug with the hot liquid and took a long draft. She sighed happily as the bitter liquid slid down her throat, but it was just a little too hot and so she took her mug and placed it carefully on the table to cool. In the meantime, she went off to start her morning ablutions.

The first stop, as is usual for most people, was the bathroom. She brushed the knots out of her hair with a faint ripping sound that often made her husband wince. “Does that not hurt?” he must have asked a thousand times and each time it would make her chuckle. As she made her way through her long mane of hair, she looked at herself in the full-length mirror. She had gained a kilo or two since becoming a detective but even still, she was still in good shape. Some would describe her as curvy, other might even use the word chubby but personally, she liked the word voluptuous. She took a little excess belly fat in one hand and measured the depth with her fingers. Unsatisfied with the results, she pulled the waistband of her white fullback briefs up until the soft material controlled and slimmed down the bulge. “It’ll mean another diet” she said to nobody but herself as the waistband snapped into place, clinging tightly to her body.

She continued to work out all the knots and tangles, it was a significant job for someone with so much hair and as she did so, she couldn’t help but to scan her body again. She liked her breasts, although she did think they were a little too cumbersome, but as her husband would balk at even the suggestion of a breast reduction, she was content to live with the occasional back ache. Moving downwards she quickly scanned past her midriff, unwilling to acknowledge her excess belly fat for any more than was necessary and moved instead onto her legs. She liked her thighs, she had always liked her thighs, although the chafing that sometimes came with thick thighs was an occasional problem, but it was one which she was happy to live with, she couldn’t bear to be without thick thighs.

As she admired her thighs, she noticed for the first time the wet patch on the crotch of her white knickers and despite already looking at it in the mirror, she instinctively looked down at the offending stain and frowned suspiciously. Tentatively, she rubbed the stain with the tip of her fingers, it was cool and moist. She raised her fingers to her nose and sniffed cautiously, hoping that it was an unusually localised sweat stain. Unfortunately, it was as she had feared, her fingers had emerged carrying the unmistakable scent of pee. “When did that happen?” she asked herself, bemused that she had not noticed until now. Instinctively, she squeezed her thighs together and crossed her legs, but the action was more out of instinct than necessity, as far as she knew her bladder had no need to be emptied, it was giving no signs at any rate.

“At least it isn’t much” she said looking once again at the offending pee stain.

“What isn’t much?” asked the sleepy voice of her husband through the bathroom door.

“Oh, nothing to worry about. I’ve had a little wee in my knickers, that’s all.” Sarah said.

“You’ve had what?” he asked back sleepily.

“Never mind” she said, it was hardly anything to bother him with at any rate. “I’ll be out in a second” she added.

She put the hairbrush down and after pulling her knickers down she sat on the toilet. For a few moments nothing happened, and she was about to get up again, but then out of nowhere she felt her bladder fill instantly and then a surge of pee thundered out of her body and into the bowl. She gasped audibly, both by the sheer force of her urination and the suddenness in which it had happened. It lasted a good minute before the flow finally stemmed and she was able to wipe herself and stand up from the toilet. She pulled her knickers up high, so the waistband held in her belly and after washing her hands, she opened the door for her husband.

As she emerged, he looked at her sleepily and clumsily kissed her on the lips “Good morning” she said, “are you getting up?”

“Are you kidding?” he asked “at this time on a Sunday! No thank you. I’m going back to bed where I can fantasize that we’re on holiday and we can fuck all day, without a care in the world” he said lustfully as he took Sarah firmly around the waist with his strong arms. She didn’t resist and willingly fell into his arms, feeling her pussy throb as she felt his hand slide down the back of her knickers to grab her ass.

“I can take leave in a month, and then I'm all yours” she whispered in his ear.

“A month is no good, I want you now” he said as his other hand grabbed her pussy. “Someone is definitely happy to see me” he said feeling the wetness against his fingers.

Sarah smiled wryly and considered for a moment whether she wanted to entertain her husband’s ego, or whether she wanted to tell the truth and really mess with him. In the end, it was an easy choice.

“Sorry to burst your bubble but what you have there is nothing more than a handful of pee” she said and then watched on with amusement as her husband’s face dropped.

“What?” he said seriously as she slowly pulled his hand clear.

“I did tell you, but you weren’t listening, as usual” she said teasingly.

“You never said anything” he protested.

“I did. I literally just told you that I had a little wee in my knickers” she said honestly.

“Oh, I thought you said something about tea” he said as he looked disappointingly at the pee stain on his wife’s briefs.

“Nope, not tea, sorry about that. But look, I don’t have a lot of time now, I'll make it up to you later, I promise” she said before kissing him passionately on the lips.

By the time Sarah returned to her coffee, it was lukewarm and ready to enjoy.

Sarah was reading a report when her boss, Chief Inspector Jack Wells came through her door and seated himself on the chair opposite. An older man with a short crop of grey hair surrounding a bald pate and a thick black moustache, he was a physically imposing man who spoke with the thick accent of someone who was born and bred in the roughest neighbourhood of the city. His demeanour was usually as sour as his wife’s cooking and as he sat opposite, Sarah could tell he was in his usual, irritable mood. “Morning” he said with only the mildest of courtesy.

“Morning skipper” she said jovially, hoping unsuccessfully that it would rub off on him.

“There was a murder last night down by the bay” he said cutting off any hope of idle chit chat, “If it was up to me, I’d have given it to Cole, but it’s out of my hands. The Chief was at my desk this morning and he wanted this case for you specifically, though I can’t fathom why.” he trailed off as he waited for a response which never came, so he continued. “Whatever you’re working on now is to be put on the back burner and Cole is lined up to take on any cases which can’t wait. This is effective immediately. Here is the report and all we have so far.” He said as he dropped the paper file on her desk.

Sarah looked at the file and then at Jack, who was glaring at her with so much derision that she wondered if she should put in for a transfer. She was confused why she would have been selected for such an obviously important case and she wondered if it was some sort of poisoned chalice, an unsolvable case that could end a career. Still, it mattered little. All that mattered was what was in front of her, and she knew she was in no place to argue or refuse.

“If that’s what you want, I'll get onto it right away sir.” She said simply, hoping to be free of Jack as soon as possible.

“It isn’t what I want by any means, but you’ll do it anyway” Jack said as he stood from the chair and without a further word he left, slamming the door hard as he left. Sarah jumped as the door slammed and she momentarily felt silly for jumping at such a little thing.

Sarah read the report which Jack had left, and her bemusement only intensified. On the surface it seemed like just another gangland hit. One man dead with a single small calibre gunshot wound to the head. There were no witnesses and no forensics. It was typical for any gangland murder, the only strange thing was the location, but as murders happened all over the city, it seemed only a matter of time that the bay area would be affected at some point and now that this was her new priority, she wanted to see the crime scene as soon as possible. She grabbed her handbag and warrant card and left her office, being sure to lock the door as she left.

She meandered her way through the maze of cubicles that made up the admin workforce of the department. She greeted several people by name as she did so, she was a popular face around the building and her skill at remembering names and little personal details about people was a big part of that, outside of Jack Wells, it would be nearly impossible to find someone who had a bad word to say about her. Still, she knew it was best not to dwell on such things and she reminded herself of what her husband would often say to her, “your energy is best spent on the things you care about”. It was simple but true and she appreciated that.

The parking garage was empty as she unlocked her car. The car was new, and the dark blue paint was still factory fresh. She opened the passenger side door and placed her handbag on the black leather seat and then shut the door again. She then walked to the driver’s side and opened the door. As the new car smell hit her, she breathed it in deeply and enjoyed the short-lasting aroma. She stepped into the car and let her buttocks sink into the alluring softness of the leather seat which hugged her firmly around the hips.

Every time she had sat in the car since buying it, she had been amazed by how comfortable the seats were. It wasn’t just her, everyone else who had tried it commented the same thing, but this time something was different. She shifted uncomfortably, manoeuvring her bum this way and that trying to find a comfortable position, but no matter what she tried, she just couldn’t get it right. Baffled, she stepped out of the car and checked the seat to see if something was wrong, but as far as she could tell, all was as it should be. She shrugged, brushing it off as just one of the little oddities of life.

She got back in the car again but just as before; something was not right. She could feel it. She looked around the garage, but it was still empty. Nevertheless, she checked all the mirrors too and only once she was sure she was alone, she gently lifted the hem of her skirt and then slid a hand down the front of her tights. As her fingers moved further south, they eventually brushed up against a wet patch, which she assessed on the spot to be the size of a golf ball. 

She knew what it was immediately but nevertheless, she gave her fingers a quick sniff just be certain and was not at all surprised when the scent of pee filled her nostrils. She winced at the smell and then quickly fixed her skirt as she heard voices suddenly fill the parking garage. She looked out to the right side and saw two patrol officers walking in her direction. Quickly, she pretended to look for something in her handbag and she had to suppress a jump when there was a knock on her window. She looked out of the window and the officers were both stood there as if they were waiting for her. She wound down the window.

“Can I help you?” she asked.

“Yes, ma'am” the younger of the two said “can you tell us where zone BETA is? We’re both still new here, haven’t found our way around yet.”

Sarah smiled and gestured to the other end of the garage. “BETA is down there, just go to the end and around the corner. You can’t miss it” she said.

“Okay” the young officer said again “thank you ma’am. You have a great day now”.

“You too” Sarah said before winding up the window.

As the two officers walked away, the younger officer turned to his slightly older colleague, and they shared a look. “Am I crazy, or did that chick smell like she’s pissed her pants?” The younger officer asked once they were safely outside of Sarah’s earshot. “You aren’t crazy” the other officer said, and they both laughed.

Sarah watched the officers walk away and cursed herself. The pee that had dribbled into her knickers had been soaked up and her crotch was bathed in a gentle warmth. She clenched her thighs and thanked her lucky stars that she had contained the leak to only a dribble. The urgency with which she had been hit may easily have meant an accident of greater proportions if she had not been quick to react. The strangest thing was that it had come out of nowhere and was gone again just as quickly. She checked the time, it was barely eleven, she still had plenty of time to get to the crime scene. She picked up her handbag and got out of the car, locking the doors as she walked briskly away. The nearest bathroom was just down the corridor and she walked there with as much urgency as she felt she could get away with, she had no idea if the urgency would hit again and she had no intention of finding out.

She entered the bathroom and quickly secreted herself in a stall, locking the door firmly behind her. She lifted her skirt and then dropped first her tights and then her knickers. She sat on the toilet and waited, but just like earlier in the morning, nothing was happening, but she was taking no chances. As she continued to wait, she looked down at her knickers and at the wet patch that adorned a large chunk of the thick gusset. It had soaked through to the other side but thankfully, the material was thick enough to keep her tights dry. Nevertheless, she had done a real number on herself, and she felt ashamed. She was a thirty-eight-year-old detective, after all.

Eventually, her bladder stopped playing games and released a surging torrent of pee that echoed around the empty bathroom. She was less surprised than before but even still; the force still took her breath away. She ripped off some toilet paper and wiped herself down and then ripped off some more, which she used to pad dry her knickers and though it made little difference, she did at least feel thankful that she hadn’t bothered to change her knickers that morning. “Every cloud and all that.” she whispered to herself before pulling up her knickers, which were stone cold, and she grimaced as the wet cotton wrapped and clung itself around her mound. “Quick pit stop at home, I reckon” she said before leaving the stall to go home.

By the time she pulled up on the driveway, it was just after eleven thirty. She quickly grabbed her keys from her handbag and then went inside. Judging by the silence she deduced that her husband was still in bed, which she thought was for the best. Quietly and almost on tiptoes, she made her way into their bedroom, where she found her husband still in bed and sound asleep. She opened the middle draw of her bedside table and pulled out the first thing that came to hand and then quietly left again. Once outside the bedroom she looked at what she had come out with, it was a black whale tail thong.

“That’s no good” she said cursing her bad luck, she owned only one thong, and she thought it typical that it came to the top of the pile now at the worst possible time. Once again, she crept back to the bedroom and placed the thong back where she had found it and took out another pair, which she checked this time to make sure was suitable enough to serve her needs of the day. Once this was confirmed, she left yet again and then made her way to the bathroom.

She quickly stripped off, throwing her pissy knickers into the wash basket without a second thought and then wiped herself down with a baby wipe. After this, she slipped herself into the clean knickers she had selected, which turned out to be another pair of high waisted full back briefs and then finished dressing herself with black tights and the sensible black skirt she had been wearing all day. After this was taken care of it was back to the grindstone, crime wouldn’t solve itself, after all.

The traffic through the city was abysmal. Cars honked and men shouted as the traffic stood stationary on what was meant to be the cities ring road. The road followed the coastline on one side and skirted the boundary of the city on the other. It was a stark contrast. On one side the delightful vistas of the coast, beaches and blue sea filled the landscape. On the other, it was skyscrapers and industrial complexes belching out smoke and steam. The locals were used to it, they had seen it all before and had become hardened to the realities of life in the city. It was a different story for tourists. Tourists would arrive in the city with grand ideas of idyllic city life. They pictured plush bars furnished with oak tables and soft leather sofas and penthouse apartments with views over a clear city skyline. The tourist ads never mentioned the smoke and steam, or the murder and robberies either.

But for Sarah, it was just another day in her life. She knew better than to get frustrated at the standstill traffic, there was nothing she could do about it. She looked out of the window and down onto the street below. On one side a burnt-out car lay abandoned. On the other, a group of youths prowled outside of a pool bar, glaring at anyone who came too close. She would rather be down there, at least down there she could make a difference, or at least try at any rate.

Her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a metallic crash, followed by a scream, and then shouting. The noise came from behind and Sarah looked in her rear-view mirror to see that one car had rammed into another and judging by the traffic around them, it was done on purpose. She undid her seat belt and took out her warrant card from her handbag. She stepped out of the car and walked towards the commotion. By now the two drivers, both older looking men, had gotten out of their cars and as Sarah approached had just squared up to each other.

“Okay, lets calm it down gentlemen” Sarah said calmly as she came upon the two men.

“Fuck off lady, this isn’t your business” one of the men snapped back at her.

“It is my business. Police” she said waving her warrant card in the air so everyone nearby could see it.

The two men backed off from each other and stared back at Sarah who, now that she had their attention, put her warrant card away.

“What happened here?” She asked calmly.

Both men tried to answer at the same time so that their responses become a single jumbled blob of nothing. “One at a time please” Sarah said.

Both men seemed ready to speak again but stopped when two more officers arrived on the scene. Sarah turned to see it was the two patrol officers she had seen earlier in the parking garage. She greeted them in surprise, patrol officers would usually be sent to walk the streets, not drive the ring road, but it wasn’t her responsibility, so she didn’t press the issue.

“Do you need assistance here ma’am?” The older of the two officers asked.

“I had it under control thank you, but you can take over now. I didn’t see what happened, but I heard it. Anyway, I have places to be, and the traffic seems to be moving again. You two can handle this, right?”

The two patrol officers shared a look. “Sure thing ma’am, we have this covered” the older of the two said. Sarah thanked the officers and returned to her car and just in time too, because the traffic had started to move once again.

It was another hour until Sarah arrived at the crime scene and it was all for nothing because it was gone. The cordon taped hung limply of the railings but that was the only evidence a murder had ever been committed here. “Son of a bitch” she said viciously as she pulled out her phone and called her boss, Jack Wells. The phone rang twice before Jack picked up.

“What is it?” He asked gruffly.

“I’m down at the bay crime scene, but it’s all gone” Sarah said indignantly.

“Yeah, so what?” Jack fired back just as indignantly.

“Well, where has it gone? Why is it gone? She asked.

“It’s gone because the locals wanted it gone” Jack said as if Sarah was stupid for not realizing this.

“Since when do we clear up a scene because the locals wanted it so?” She asked.

“As a rule, we don’t. But certain people of influence live in the bay area and they wanted it gone and so, as you can see, its gone.”

Sarah was open mouthed in disbelief. In all her years in uniform she had never seen such a thing happen before. It was unbelievable. She struggled to find anything to say, it all seemed so futile.

“Well, if there’s nothing else” Jack said before quickly hanging up.

Sarah was stunned. For several minutes she could only stand in silence, her phone still held pointlessly to her ear. What was happening to this city? She thought to herself as she finally snapped back to reality and put her phone away. She looked around and saw nothing but the sea, empty benches, and expensive apartment buildings. She stared at the apartment buildings, it was someone in there, she knew it. Without thinking she began walking towards the buildings, her steps gathering pace the closer she got. She stared at the building that was closest, “Vita Bona” the sign above the main entrance said. She banged on the doors but achieved nothing except scaring some birds. She stepped back and gazed up at the top of the building, hoping to see some form of life.

“Can I help you?” a soft voice asked, startling Sarah.

She spun around to see an old man, with balding white hair and a clean-shaven face. He looked ancient.

“Maybe. I want to get into this building” she said.

“Well, it’s your lucky day. I live here” the old man said. “But why would I let you in”.

“I’m with the Police” Sarah said, flashing her warrant card.

“Crime? In here? Unthinkable” the old man said dismissively.

“Maybe, maybe not. That’s what I want to find out” Sarah said.

“Very well” the old man said quietly.

He took a key out from his sleeve and with trembling hands he unlocked the doors. Sarah thanked him and pushed the door open and then held it until the old man had passed through.

“Are you here to see anyone in particular” the old man asked.

“That depends on who lives here” Sarah said.

“Nobody of interest. Well, we have some guy who claims to be some big shot lawyer from out of town but, I don’t buy it.”

Sarah’s interested was piqued.

“Tell me, what apartment does this big shot lawyer live in?” Sarah asked.

“Seven twenty-one, I think. His name is Austin Maduro” the old man said smoothly.

Sarah repeated the name and number and thanked the man profusely. The man waved away her thanks and quickly made his goodbyes before disappearing into an elevator. By pure chance, Sarah felt like she had a lead.

Sarah rang the bell to apartment seven twenty-one and waited. She could hear some noise inside and she hoped to get an audience with the man. The door opened and the face of a young woman peered around the corner. “Yes?” the young woman said.

“I’m sorry to disturb you, but I'm here to see Austin Maduro” Sarah said and hoped the old man was right.

The young woman smiled. “Come in and make yourself comfortable” she said cheerily.

Sarah accepted the invitation and stepped past the door. In front of her a vast expanse of living space opened out in front of her. The place was well furnished with the most luxurious furniture and the most modern tech available. The young woman gestured to a large brown leather sofa and Sarah sat down, feeling pleased that something was finally going her way.

“Can I get you anything? Tea? Coffee? Cognac?” the young woman asked.

“No, I'm fine thank you” Sarah said. “Will Austin be long?”

“I shouldn’t think so” the young woman said.

As Sarah waited, she admired the fastidious nature and attention to detail whoever had designed this place had. Everything matched perfectly and not a single item was out of place. It was like a perfectly choreographed dance. She thought it unusual that a lawyer would have either the time or the patience for such attention to detail and she wondered if the young woman was his wife, but despite her curiosity, she decided it was irrelevant for the moment.

Sarah spent another ten minutes waiting and admiring the decor before a man appeared through the balcony door. He was tall and well dressed in a fitted designer suit. Everything matched from his black shoes to the black frames of his spectacles. He was a young man, Sarah guessed he was no more than twenty-five years of age and he held himself in such a way that Sarah was in no doubt that this was indeed a man of some stature and repute.

“Who is this?” the man asked the young woman, pointing at Sarah.

“My name is Sarah Pollard” Sarah said, stepping in before the young woman could respond and she was about to state her business, but the man cut her off with a hand gesture.

“Well, Sarah Pollard, I have no idea what it is you are doing here but would you kindly refrain from urinating on my sofa!” the man snapped angrily.

“What?” Sarah blurted out in complete confusion.

“My sofa sent a notification to my phone! So, please kindly remove yourself before you do any more damage!” the man said.

Sarah looked at him as if he had gone mad and maybe he had. Sofas do not send notifications, everyone knows that. She wondered if this was some sort of game he was playing, trying to unsettle her and make her lose her cool. She was about to respond in the most indignant manner possible, but then she felt it. Out of nowhere she became aware that her crotch was cold and wet. The realisation was so sudden and stunning that she hardly believed it and at first, she assumed that this was somehow part of a big trick that she was not aware of, but the feeling did not dissipate, and it was then she knew that this was all too real.

She jumped up from the sofa, her face burning red with shame, on the spot she spun to look at the sofa, assuming she would find a lake of liquid. Instead, she found nothing except a butt print from where she had been sitting. “I don’t understand” she said timidly.

“It’s a feature I had set up when I bought a new dog. It senses moisture” the man explained off handily. “It can be temperamental sometimes. You have my apology” the man said, and he seemed genuinely contrite. “Why are you here, Sarah Pollard?”

Sarah straightened herself up and did her best to ignore the cold wetness between her thighs.

“I am here on official business” Sarah said vaguely, not wanting to give anything away. However, just as the words were leaving her lips, she felt a trickle of pee leave her body and quickly soak into her underwear. Discreetly, Sarah clenched her thighs tightly together and she shivered as she felt the warm liquid dribble down the inside of her thighs.

“Official business?” Austin asked.

“Yes. Urgent official business, I might add too” Sarah said vaguely.

“Please be direct, I am a very busy man” Austin said sharply, losing his patience with Sarah’s profundity.

“Of course,” Sarah said, “but might it be possible to use your bathroom first” she added very quickly as another dribble of pee fell from her body and into her underwear, which, on this occasion was unable to soak it up and instead the warm liquid travelled quickly down the inside of her legs, leaving faint streaks on her tights as it did so.

“No. You will tell me your purpose here and you will be quick about it. Need I remind you I am a very busy man” Austin said.

Sarah stared blankly at the man. She could feel her composure beginning to slip away and panic was beginning to set in.

“I am with the Police, and I am here to talk about the murder in the bay this morning, I would be happy to provide you with more details but please, may I use your bathroom first” Sarah blurted out far too quickly. So quick in fact that it sounded to Austin as little more than the ramblings of a mad woman. The only word he picked up was Police.

“Police? Well now this puts a different spin on things” Austin said before turning back to the balcony and leaving the room, closing the door behind him.

Sarah looked at the young woman with an expression of utter confusion. In turn, the young woman looked back with a cool expression which gave away nothing and with a chilly tone said, “That is your signal to leave.”

Sarah was exasperated at her treatment but at the same time, she was in no position to argue, and she knew it. Without so much as a word of goodbye, Sarah turned tail and vacated the apartment as fast as her legs would carry her and as soon as the door closed behind her, she waddled unceremoniously towards the nearest elevator.

Up until now she had stemmed the flow but as another, much longer, dribble of pee fell from her body, she knew it was only a matter of time before lost control entirely and she would be damned if it happened in front of Austin Maduro.

The elevator binged loudly, signalling its arrival. She stepped inside and pressed the button for the ground floor. The doors slid closed behind her, and she doubled over on herself and held her crotch firmly. She stuffed a hand up her skirt and between her thighs, it seemed to help, but even still her fingers quickly became a siphon as pee trickled through them. The doors opened and she ran for the exit. Once outside she scanned the area frantically for a bathroom or failing that, a quiet spot where she could pop a squat without risk of being seen. But there was nothing to be seen, the area was open and barren of any kind of obstacles. Except her car.

She ran towards her car with all the recklessness of one who was desperate to not shame themselves. She stumbled a couple of times over stray objects and the outer edges of benches, but this was little more than a trifle given the current state of events. By the time she reached her car she was almost at a full sprint, and she only just brought herself to a halt before crashing headfirst into the side of the car. She shimmied around the car until it was between her and the apartments she had just came from. The only thing in front of her was an empty beach and the sea.

She looked around once and then twice more and only then, once she was satisfied, she was alone and that nobody could see her did she lift her skirt to her waist. With great speed she tugged her tights down, ripping great seams in them as she did so. Nevertheless, she wasn’t quite fast enough, and it was coming out before she could get her knickers out of the way, leaving great streaks as it did so, but she hardly cared. As the solid mound of poop dropped from her ass she felt an overwhelming sense of relief. In that moment it hardly mattered that she had totally wet herself in the elevator, leaving a huge pool of pee behind in her wake, or that she had very nearly wet herself in the presence of Austin Maduro. No, all that mattered was that she had avoided soiling herself too, for the most part at least. In the end she left two solid mounds of poop on the floor next to her car, which she hoped would pass as dog poop, should anyone wonder.

Once sure it was all out, she shimmied to the side and opened the passenger side door and retrieved a tissue from the glove box, with which she used to wipe her bum clean. She had wiped her bum twice before she heard voices approaching from her right-hand side. Quick like a snake, she stared at the direction from which the voices were coming from and at the same time she quickly pulled her knickers and tights back up. From there she stood up straight and let her skirt fall so that it fell below her knees. As the people got closer, she saw it was a man and a woman walking their dog.

She smiled at the pair, and they waved hello. The car was between her, and the couple and she hoped it would stay that way when she remembered the state of her tights, which were utterly soaked and torn in large sections. However, not wanting to take any chances, Sarah seated herself carefully on the back of her skirt and after kicking off her shoes, she quickly slid her tights off and then stuffed them in the glove box. Out of sight, out of mind, she thought. Thankfully, the couple passed without issue and for the first time in ten minutes, her heart began to settle down and beat to its regular rhythm.

It was just after three in the afternoon when Robert let himself into the house. Robert was Aaron’s brother and he had come round to take Aaron to a baseball game. It was a little early, he wasn’t due to pick him up until four, but he thought with the extra time they could grab a beer before going to the ballpark. Much to his dismay however, his brother was still in bed.

“Lazy bastard” he said to himself quietly. Still, he was early, and he thought he would give his brother until he had been to the bathroom before waking him up. He opened the bathroom door and then closed it behind him. He walked to the toilet and unzipped his fly and then let out a long stream of pee. Once finished, he shook himself dry and then went to wash his hands. The sink was right next to the cupboard that doubles up as the was basket and he could see something was stuck between the door and the cupboard wall. He yanked at the blockage and pulled out some white material. He was just about to put it away again and close the door properly when he realised it wasn’t just some white material, it was a pair of Sarah’s knickers.

Robert wasn’t necessarily attracted to Sarah but nonetheless, he was intrigued enough that he couldn’t just discard her used knickers that easily. He unfurled the material until he could see them full profile, just as if she was wearing them. “Oh my oh my” he said as he spied the dark stain on the lower front of the garment. He assumed, much like his brother had earlier, that it was discharge or juice from sexual arousal and he was thoroughly surprised when he sniffed the crotch and realised it was all pee. He shrank away from the strong aroma and shook his head violently.

“Damn man. She pissed her pants” he said in disbelief. He thew the knickers onto the sink and they landed front down so that the pissy crotch was hidden from view. He shook his head some more. “Hell no, man. This ain’t it” he said as he picked them up tentatively by the outer edges. For the first time he noticed the brown lines that were streaked down the back, even from the outside the skid marks were easily visible. “This is not right” he said to himself, thoroughly disgusted. He opened the cupboard and threw the knickers inside and closed the door, but even still the smell of stale pee and poop hung in the air. Then, the front door opened.

Sarah returned home and was surprised to see that her front door was no longer locked. She opened the door, fully expecting to be greeted by her husband. Instead, she was surprised again when her brother-in-law Robert, emerged from the bathroom.

“Hello Robert” Sarah said, more formally than she had intended.

“Hey Sarah” Robert replied in a strange tone of voice.

“What are you doing here?” she asked.

“Baseball” he said simply with a shrug.

“Oh, of course. It’s Sunday. Silly me.” She said but received nothing more than another shrug from Robert. “Is everything okay?” she asked, sensing something was wrong.

“I’m fine” he said coolly, “and you?” he added sharply.

“I’m okay” Sarah said, taken aback by his tone.

She wondered if she had upset him in some way but for the life of her, she couldn’t think of anything she could have possibly done to offend him. “Listen, I need to grab something from the bedroom, do you want me to wake Aaron whilst I’m in there?” she asked.

“Sure” Robert said coldly.

Sarah left Robert and strolled into the bedroom and after quickly grabbing a pair of knickers and stuffing them in her handbag, she woke her husband, telling him Robert was here to take him to the baseball. After that, Sarah went back into the living room, where Robert was sat on the sofa, doing something on his phone. “I have to go back to work but have a nice time at the game” she said and waited a moment for a response, but after she got nothing more than a shrug, she left him to go to the bathroom.

She closed the bathroom door, being sure to lock it firmly behind her. She lifted her skirt to her waist and slid her pissy knickers down to her ankles, she then stepped out of them and picked them up by the furthest edges of the waistband. She held them up in the light and examined the damage she had done to them. They were visibly soaked and sopping wet to the touch, so much so she reckoned she could have easily squeezed excess pee out of the material.

“At least I didn’t soil myself too” she whispered and then glancing at the thick skids on the back said, “well, not much anyway”. She opened the cupboard that contained the wash basket and threw them inside haphazardly, happy to be free of them. She then retrieved the clean pair from her bag, they were crisp, white, high waisted fullback briefs and they felt glorious as she pulled them up high on her waist. Then, once she fixed her skirt, she flushed the toilet to give the impression she had used it and then she left, not bothering to say goodbye to Robert as she did so. She made certain to slam the front door behind her as she left.

She was driving back to the precinct when her phone rang, it was her boss, Jack Wells. She answered.

“Get back here as soon as possible” he said, without any means of introduction.

“What’s the emergency?” she asked.

“You’ll find out when you get here” he said and then hung up.

How strange Sarah thought.

Sarah parked her car and made her way quickly up to Jack’s office. The door was open so she only gave a cursory tap on the glass before entering. “You wanted to see me” Sarah said.

Jack looked up from his newspaper and glared at Sarah.

“Pollard, we have received a complaint” Jack said severely.

“A complaint? About me?” Sarah asked, bemused by the insinuation.

“Yes. The complaint is from a Mr. Austin Maduro” Jack said, his anger rising.

Sarah’s face flushed with fury. “Sir, I only wanted to ask him some basic questions about the bay murder. His apartment is directly opposite the crime scene, it’s possible he saw something” Sarah said eloquently.

“So, you think he might be a witness?” Jack asked, his anger seemingly cooling.

“Potentially, sir, yes.” Sarah said.

“I see. So, you think that because there is a chance that this man might have seen something, that gives you the right to barge into his home and then proceed to… urinate on his floor!” Jack blasted angrily.

Sarah looked at him, aghast. She was so sure he hadn't seen anything.

“Sir, that is preposterous” Sarah said as calmly as she could, all the while she could feel her cheeks beginning to burn a fiery shade of red.

“So, you deny it?” Jack asked.

“I do sir, in the strongest possible terms” Sarah said.

“Very well. In all my years in this job I have never once had a complaint like this and I must be honest, I am reluctant to believe it” Jack said, and Sarah was surprised by his somewhat kindly tone.

“Thank you, sir,” Sarah said, puffing out her chest.

“Did you come straight here after leaving Mr. Maduro?” Jack asked.

“I did” Sarah lied.

“Very well. Strange times call for strange solutions, wouldn’t you agree?” Jack asked.

Sarah thought about the question for a heartbeat before answering. “I guess I would sir, yes.”

Jack nodded. “Very well then. Let’s put this matter to bed as quickly as possible.” Jack said and then stood up and walked to the door. He poked his head outside and pointing to someone outside said, “Officer Livingstone, come here please.”

Jack sat back down behind his desk and a heartbeat later a young, female officer poked her head nervously around the door. “Yes, sir?” the voice said inquisitively.

“Officer Livingstone, please come in and close the door.”

Officer Livingstone, an attractive blonde of slender build with bright blue eyes, did as she was bid and took a seat next to Sarah on her left-hand side.

“How can I help you sir?” Livingstone asked nervously.

“Livingstone, this is Detective Pollard.” Jack said and the two ladies nodded and greeted each other amiably. “I have received an unusual complaint regarding Detective Pollard’s conduct today and I want you to investigate the matter.” Jack said simply.

“Sir, whilst I will gladly do all I can, I feel obliged to remind you that I am not a detective and have no experience in leading an investigation.” Livingstone said formally.

“Cool your breeze, this will be a very simple investigation. Detective Pollard, I have a simple solution that can put this whole matter to bed in a few moments, if only you’ll consent” Jack said and looked at Sarah expectantly.

For her part, Sarah had no idea what Jack was planning but at the same time, she didn’t really care. All she wanted was to put this behind her so she could put the whole thing behind her as soon as possible.

“I’ll consent to whatever it takes, sir” Sarah said.

“Good. Officer Livingstone, do you also consent?” Jack asked the young officer.

“Yes, sir” Livingstone agreed, “whatever it takes.”

“Okay then. Detective Pollard, you will now go off with Officer Livingstone into my private bathroom. Once there, you will submit to a strip search” Jack said and stopped to allow a reply from either lady.

“A strip search” both ladies asked, almost in unison. “What am I searching for?” Livingstone added, her voice thick with confusion.

“As strange as it sounds, you are to check the condition of Detective Pollard’s… undergarments. To be precise, you are looking for any signs of… urination. You will report back to me personally any findings. I am aware how strange this is but, do you understand?” Jack asked Livingstone directly.

“I do, sir” Livingstone answered with rosy cheeks and her voice heavy with bemusement.

“Let me be clear. You will report back to me and only me! If you ever speak a word of this to any one at any point, I will see you out of your career faster than you can spit. On top of this, if you ever mention this at any point to Detective Pollard, you will be dismissed instantly. Am I making myself clear?” Jack asked severely.

“Crystal clear, sir” Livingstone answered nervously.

Jack nodded and then stood from his chair. He gestured to the door behind his desk and said, “I’ll give you both some privacy.”

Both ladies stepped tentatively into the surprisingly large bathroom and Livingstone closed the door behind them. Both ladies looked at each other, as if trying to find a way out of such an awkward situation. After a few moments, Livingstone cleared her throat.

“Okay. Detective Pollard if you would please remove your skirt:” Livingstone said clearly.

Sarah stared at the young woman. “You can’t be serious?” she said.

“You heard Mr. Wells” Livingstone said quietly.

“I know but come on, this is ridiculous” Sarah said dismissively.

“I agree. So, the quicker it’s over with the better” Livingstone said, “besides, you agreed too.”

“I had no idea what I was agreeing to, neither did you” Sarah said accusingly.

Livingstone shrugged. “I’m sorry ma’am, but I have my orders” she said coldly.

Sarah stood unmoved.

“Fine. Then I'll just go and tell Wells that you refused to consent” Livingstone said confidently.

“Fine” Sarah said angrily “I have nothing to hide” she added confidently.

After hesitating for a moment, Sarah slid her skirt up to her waist and then clean over her head. She felt foolish to be stood in front of anyone but her husband in such a condition and she could feel her cheeks burning brightly. “Well? Are you satisfied yet?” Sarah asked impatiently. She looked at Livingstone and was bemused to find that the young woman was struggling to contain a laugh. “What is it? Never seen some big knickers before?” Sarah snapped, her temper fraying.

Livingstone took a breath and composed herself. “I’m sorry ma’am, but there are signs of… urination” she said mimicking the way Wells spoke the word.

“What are you talking about?!” Sarah spat angrily.

“What I’m saying ma’am, is that it appears that you’ve had a little… accident” Livingstone said before suppressing another bout of laughter.

“Don’t be absurd” Sarah said before looking down at her crotch and to her horror, there it was. From above she could just about see the very top of the wet patch and she wondered if she might pass it off as anything other than pee. However, as she ran a hand over her mound and then between her thighs, she realised it was a lot more significant than just a little drop or a dribble. At some point since leaving home, she had leaked substantially, and she had no idea when or how it happened.

“It isn’t what it looks like” Sarah said, panic filling her heart.

“No? Cause it looks to me like you’ve tinkled in your pants to me” Livingstone said sarcastically.

“Listen to me” Sarah said sternly “It is NOT what it looks like. It is sweat and that is exactly what you will tell Wells, do you understand?”

“Or what? You gunna wet yourself again?” Livingstone said, enjoying her moment of power.

Sarah felt her anger surge and she took a step towards Livingstone, who sensing the danger, backed off. Sarah stopped and gave the young woman an icy stare. “You will do as you are told or else….” Sarah was saying viciously, as a surge of pee poured from her body. Immediately, the warm liquid fell straight through her underwear and pitter pattered onto the floor below. Sarah stopped speaking and gazed down in disbelief as another surge streamed from her body.

“Oh my God” Livingstone said, half in amusement and half in shock. “You just wait” Sarah said impotently as she waddled her way to the toilet, pee dribbling down her legs as she did so. Once there she hurled her briefs down to her ankles and let the stream surge thunderously into the bowl. She closed her eyes as she sat there, hoping this was all a bad dream, but it wasn’t and when she opened her eyes again, Livingstone was still there, her face a picture of comical bemusement. Sarah took this time to compose herself, taking several deep, long breaths and she felt a little better for doing so. She wiped away the last stray drops and then turned her back on Livingstone to flush the toilet.

“What is it now?” Sarah asked irritably, hearing Livingstone giggle from behind.

Livingstone sniggered. “Nothing” Livingstone said innocently, “I just never knew you were a fan of drifting”.

“Drifting?” Sarah asked, bemused.

“Well, I just assumed you loved drifting, you know, because those skids are massive” Livingstone said and then promptly burst into laughter.

Sarah shook her head for a second, confused by what had been said.

“Skids?” she said quietly to herself.

“You know, the big brown kind” Livingstone said and went into hysterics.

Sarah looked at her rear end in the mirror and then realised the joke. Her bum had felt sticky ever since she had been forced to poop on the pavement, she hadn’t had time to wipe herself properly and she had forgotten to do so whilst at home. The result was several sizable skids on the rear of her white knickers. “Oh my god” Sarah said, humiliated.

“Look, this really isn’t what it looks like. Please, this job is everything to me. If you tell Wells, then my career is over. Please, don’t do this to me.” Sarah pleaded, as she saw that what little hope she had was quickly draining away.

“Why would I do that? This could be a big step up for me, gets me closer to making a promotion” Livingstone said.

“I could get you promotions!” Sarah exclaimed.

“How?” Livingstone asked, intrigued.

“I’ll get you moved onto my team; I'll give you responsibilities. I’ll give you big marks at every assessment! You’ll move up so much faster with my help” Sarah said confidently.

Livingstone, an ambitious young woman, saw the advantages in Sarah’s proposal.

“Okay” she said, “But I want some assurance.”

“What assurance?” Sarah said.

“Photos” Livingstone said, “photos of you in those disgusting, piss stained, poop soiled knickers. You will stand there in all your pissy glory and I will take pictures.”

Sarah stared at the young woman for an instant before agreeing. “Okay” she said simply.

“Great” Livingstone said.

Sarah’s knickers were cold, wet, and horrendously sticky on the rear. She felt like her bum cheeks would weld together if she didn’t change underwear soon.

Meanwhile, Livingstone turned to get her phone from her handbag which she had placed on the sink. She reached out to take the bag when suddenly, she was pulled to the floor with such force that she was left incapable for a moment. It wasn’t long, but it was long enough for Sarah to wrench Livingstone’s trousers down. “We’re about the same size, I reckon” Sarah said, revealing her intentions. For a second, they wrestled on the floor, Livingstone was trying to fight Sarah off and get her trousers back up, meanwhile Sarah was trying to undress the younger woman.

Sarah had managed to get the younger woman's trousers down below her thighs and form there she tugged hard, as hard as she could and in one swift move, she wrenched the trousers free. She tossed them to one side and then, pinning Livingstone down hard on the floor, she ripped her knickers off and chucked them to one side. Livingstone was crying, naked from the waist down. Sarah stood up, and gesturing for the young woman to be silent, she walked to where she had thrown the young woman’s knickers. They were simple black; fullback briefs and Sarah held them in the air victoriously. There were thick white stains visible even from the outside. “What happened? Did you cum on yourself?” Sarah said sarcastically.

She slid off her own fouled briefs and then stepped into Livingstone’s and pulled them up until they hugged her hips. “You must be kidding” Sarah said as the cold, wet crotch embraced her skin. “Feels to me like I wasn’t the only one to have an accident today” Sarah said. She rubbed the wet crotch with her fingers and traced the wetness all the way around her underside, until it finally trailed off at the point where the gusset met her bum. “More than a little accident I would say” Sarah said in mock delight.

“Give them back!” Livingstone pleaded through tears.

“Why? Do you need to pee again?” Sarah teased, “all that talk, all that bravado, you even had the bare faced cheek to laugh at me! What a hypocrite.”

The truth will out.

To be continued.

*002*2023-11-09 18:23

{{6 hours ago, derektor_2000 said:

This is fun to read - Thanks for thinking it up!

}}

Glad you enjoyed it! It was a little different to what I’d usually write, but I had fun with it

