Jackals origins (prequel to a series i will be writing soon)

Author: StormrReaper

*000*2018-09-12 01:53

Before the story begins I want to say thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoy. Also, I want to say this is a fanfiction based on the game Let it Die a free ps4 game that is wonderful in so many different aspects. These stories are not focused on the omo. that will be in the next part this is introducing characters and giving them back stories so i don't have to when i write the next chapters. there sare mionor omo elements in each. please feel free to review and critic so i can improve.

Jackal X (male) age mid 20's

Inhaling deep from his cigarette he waited for the word. flicking his zippo open and closed. His boss, Mr. Yotsuyama, said all he'd have to do is drive. Xavier knew that his blood would only settle once he got to feel the warm sticky liquid of blood. beside him sat one of Mr. Yotsuyama latest, and in his opinion greatest creations. A high energy sword. it can cut through a humans like a scolding knife to butter. Saying a silent prayer to any deity that was listening. No, this wasn't a prayer for success, but for his two teammates to fail. Only then would he be allowed to leave the car, besides of course, tying up loose ends. He smiled.

He looked towards the pharmacy, their objective was to rob it blind of penicillin and anti -biotics. his gang, his family. needed it badly it seemed like lately infections are becoming increasingly common. "X you there" Said a familiar voice over the headset. "Yes come in Whiskey" Xavier said in a harsh tone of voice. "pull the car around, we got it. Those pussy doctors were so willing to give us anything we wanted once we shot the owners balls off" He said laughing."on it" Xavier shifted the car into drive and drove the block to the alley where the fun would begin.

Putting the car in park he popped the trunk and exited the black lincoln luxury vehicle. grabbing his sheathed sword he leaned against the cars exposed ass end. After what seemed like an eternity to the Impatient man, The two robbers turned the corner and removed their masks. "Haha you should've seen the way he squirmed X it was beautiful" Marcus laughed as he threw his bag into the trunk. "we got you a little something to" stated whiskey as he handed X a box of liquid acid. legalized since it was proven to be effective in schizophrenic patients. Putting his bag into the trunk he closed it hard. "Alrighty X unlock the car so we can get in, i hear sirens." Whiskey said with a tone of worry in his voice.

Xavier began to laugh unsheathing his blade her jammed in into Marcus's throat grabbing marcus's gun he shot Whiskey in the head. removing his blade from his fallen comrades throat he began to laugh even harder. "ha...haha... the -oh god.. hahaha... the look on your pathetic faces. Did you really think Mr. Yotsuyama didn't know about the supplies you were stealing.

He licked the blade clean of blood. he loved the irony taste it creating. it was almost as good as the blood his mother had when he butchered her.

Entering the car he looked at his watch. "huh, 30 minutes before I meet up with the boss to give him the good news. wonder if there is a place to eat around here." The black Lincoln backed out of the alley and preceded down the road. Assuming he could make the drive to Okinawa from here in about fifth-teen minutes or so. That is, If it wasn't for the massive earthquakes destroying the interstate. he drove off the ramp to be greeted by bumper to bumper traffic. sipping on his coffee he muttered to himself"Of course the time i need to piss there is traffic. he thought about exiting the vehicle and killing a driver a few cars ahead to speed things up a little. "No, that would only create more problems" he said to himself. He sent Mr. Yotsuyama a text saying he would be, late, that traffic was horrid since the last earthquake. all traffic now had only 1 lane to go through. this meant it was gonna be a long wait.

Gripping his crotch after thirty-three minutes of waiting he began to wonder if he really should've drank all of that coffee.

"Its fine he said, throwing the cup out the window watching it hit the car behind him's windshield. after seeing the driver flip him the bird. he turned around and shot a since bullet into the chest of that driver. "fucking old people, think because of their age they can flip anyone off" he thought to himself.

Another hour would pass, by now he couldn't remove his hand from his crotch. Man, I'm going to go piss a fucking firehose worth, his hand felt the first sign of his weakening bladder. Oh shit he said tightening his grip. "OohOoh no. " he said to himself. The killer of families, the butcher of okinawa does not piss himself. looking around he felt a pang of regret throwing out his cup. undoing his fly and button he sat up on one knee, pointing his erect member out the window "hehe, hey bitch, he yelled, Hows a free car wash?" As he finished his sentence he let it go. splashing all over the car beside him's window. they were honking in disgust but he didn't care, if they annoyed him to greatly he'd kill them. after all, he was the most wanted man in Japan. He did what he wanted, killed who he wanted when he wanted. This was his life. and that life was going to get more fun in the coming weeks

Jackal Y age low to mid 20's male

The young blonde, attractive male had a simple job. Kill the queen. Mr. Yotsuyama is paying him generously for this. He had been laying and waiting in the cheap motel for days now to make a shot. to the point that all of his bottles where filled with urine, but he dared not move, because he knew if he did that's when she'd move, He was a hitman, an assassin for hire. Normally he would be using a sniper for something like this. His, employer had a different idea. he gave him a pistol that shot high energy ion rounds, and the best part? the gun was neuro-wired to his brain. the bullets would hit any target he wanted no matter the distance. all he needed was to see the target in order to kill them.

Holding his crotch he waited. He knew he'd have time to piss after he fired the round. after all, a pistol round would never be suspected to come from 10 blocks away. It'd been so long since he used his real name he couldn't even remember what it was. Using the same name only made his job different. he went through the alphabet. starting at a, going one letter up after every kill. He'd already went through the chinese and japanese alphabet. now he was on the English alphabet. He was on X. and after the next kill He'd be on Y. and Why not? he after all, was the best killing machine the united confederation's government (collection of countries before the earth rage earthquake split the planet into four) ever made. he was bred, trained, and used only for killing. Keeping his legs tightly closed he shifted his weight off his ever increasing bladder. he knew he didn't have much time before he'd have to make a choice, risk waiting another week, or use the loo.

After another hour went by Y now had a small wet stain on his crotch.Then, just as he was ready to give up and go for the loo. He saw her. "alrighty X focus.... relax... after you pull the trigger. you will be Y.... In through the nose and out through the mouth. Aaannndd...

Bang

The shot rang out filling his nostrils with the sweet smell of gunpowder and ion charge. the smell of death as he called it, filled him with euphoria. as he watched her old decrepit body drop he was in ecstasy forgetting for a second about his bladder. That is, till he felt an unfamiliar warmth running down his leg. He hopped up quickly but it was too late, his dam had burst. all he could do was hold back his moans of pleasure he felt after not only killing, but releasing so much pent up liquid. it was almost enough to trigger an orgasm. we calmly walked to the bathroom, showered, changed into a nice white business suit and left. smiling because he knew tomorrow he was going to be on some island, enjoying the rays of the sun. drinking some fruity drink whose name he couldn't pronounce. cops were pulling into his motel as he was pulling out. smiling he waved at them, obviously, a business man such as himself wouldn't know anything about the queens death...

Hahaha or so they thought...

Jackal Z age high teens female, playing with her yo-yo she listened to The insane Mr. Yotsuyama. As he preached about his plan to create a hell on earth and all he needed was the supplies Xavier would bring, and the death of the queen to instill terror before the grand masterpiece he was about to create. A Tower of Barbs , as he called it. She just figured he was a multi billionaire with too many wild, crazed ideas. He was,; however, completely, and utterly terrifying. A genius of medicine and ionic manipulation. after all. He created her special toy. On the outside it may appear to be a simple yo-yo. but in reality it was a weapon of massive power.

The yo-yo hid several sharp, high voltage, ion blades that could rip and shred the flesh of anyone dumb enough to approach her. "Zhenga... Zhen-" his word were cut short the the yo-yo's toy form entering his mouth. "I told you before, the only people that can call me that are the one's I've sent to hell early. "She looked at him in anger. flipping the yo-yo back to her she resumed playing with it. "I need you to focus this item will be imperative to your job once the tower is created." Mr. Yotsuyama said. "I'm sorry Z, it looked like you were not listening." he said sarcastically. "I've heard the rant a thousand-and one times" she responded. "I know my job, our job, to use your little pen thing to secure weapons and armor to be sold in the black market after your tower is finished.," she said sharply.

In reality her focus was elsewhere. she had this heaviness in her pubic area that was just annoying the shit out of her. She had to pee horridly. Z held it during the flight from Shanghai to Okinawa because she hated public restrooms, she didn't know what herpe-super aids was on those toilet seats. Tuning out her employer she remember her life, killing her parents by the way of execution, she claimed they raped her. They didn't, they just didn't agree with her, habit of bringing stray animals in to kill.

Especially after the Lion incident. She lived with her grandparents for about a week after, that is until she released flies into the house killing them both. ahh, the sleeping sickness. such a merciful way those two old bliksem (bastard) could've died. She would get adopted by Mr. Yotsuyama, well, kinda, he employed her and trained her to be a killing machine for his grand scheme. A sharp pain in her bladder snapped her back to reality. "God he's still blabbering on?" she thought to herself. "Um, sir," she began.

"Not now Z , I'm getting to the good part... now This machine will cause seismic tremors that will fracture the earths mantle and as the destruction begins I will use the excess space junk thats created to form my paradise of hell! He exclaimed in sheer joy.

Holding herself she felt the first splurt of urine escaped into her white ribbony panties "Sir I REALLY must" She nearly shouted "NOT NOW Z! For the love of Deities what is so impo-" he was cut off when he saw her. The powerful, and dependable young girl was crying. Tears streaming down her face as her bladder finally gave in. the warm clear liquid flooded her new panties. spreading the warmth down her legs the sound of water hitting the ground echoed across the chasm they here in. "Oh dear" Yotsuyama said in shock.

Falling to her knees in defeat she removed her hands letting the feeling over take her senses. she would orgasm from it. blushing ear to ear. "Why the hell did I enjoy that" she thought to herself. "Dear, go get cleaned up. I'm not in any hurry for your part..." He turned around to face his machine."Yes,sir, she said with obvious defeat in her voice. "Bugs get squashed?" he called to her. "Yes, bugs get squashed. She replied. It wasn't a formal apology, but it was as close as she knew she was going to get.

She hoped Xavier and The hitman, doesn't hear about this...

This was the last day before their lives would be forever changed...

*002*2018-09-12 05:14

Thank you, I'm going to hopefully have the next part to this done tomorrow, then I can begin the fun fun stuff

*004*2018-09-12 08:13

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Your very welcome and I can't wait to read the first chapter

}}

First chapter was just posted. its a dozy I couldn't sleep till i finished it lmao

