Zelda's Friend (2nd Zelda story)

Author: SecretPerson

*004*2016-07-25 15:45

(Sorry for the wait, I procrastinated :P)

PART 3/3

Eight hours passed. By now the girls were focusing intensely on their bladders, unable to do much else. In the interim, they had exchanged small talk, and Zelda had played a half-hearted game of solitaire, but for the most part they had simply sat in mild misery, the way one would endure an eight-hour dentist appointment.

Both girls' thoughts were slowed by the distraction from their bladders, but at length Jewel decided to make Zelda drink more liquid by drinking more herself. She reached weakly towards the jug of milk – which was still on the table, as neither girl had had the extra energy to put it away – but only got as far as grabbing it loosely before her arm fell, defeated, into her lap.

Zelda sympathized: she wouldn't want to hang so close to defeat either (her “sympathy” was not entirely of this sarcastic flavor: she did know how Jewel felt).

Tentatively at first – for she did not know for sure what message this would send to the smaller girl – Zelda took Jewel's hand by the wrist and guided it back to her own bladder. Jewel looked up with wide green eyes that lived up not only to her beautiful name but also to her beautiful, dark face as Zelda pressed Jewel's hand, gently at first, into the enormous bulge. After stunned pause, Jewel began pressing on her own; Zelda trembled and shivered in place, but she contained the urge to scream by shutting her eyes and clenching the hand that wasn't holding Jewel's hand.

After a minute, she discovered that she could find additional comfort by squeezing the hand that was holding Jewel's hand, and more comfort still from the moment when Jewel squeezed back.

When Jewel had had her fun, she took Zelda's hand and brought it back to her own bladder, where Zelda didn't hesitate to poke, prod, push and press it around to her own satisfaction, despite small whimpers and cries from Jewel.

Finally, after taking a slightly longer turn than Jewel had, she removed her hand. Jewel didn't go back and press Zelda's bladder again, and Zelda didn't prompt her to. For one thing, she wasn't sure if Jewel would be comfortable with it, and for another, she wasn't sure if she herself could take it!

Evenings always slow conversations down, and the swollen bladders that the girls were lugging around only amplified the effect. Thus, it wasn't at all unnatural that Jewel took five minutes to respond to what had just happened.

“Ouch.”

Zelda nodded and confirmed: “Whew.”

Another ten minutes passed in contemplative silence. Jewel whimpered pitifully and tipped over onto her side, clutching at her pregnant-looking belly with twisted hands. And although she hid it, Zelda wanted to do the same; her bladder was entirely fed up with the game she was playing, and was ready for her to give up and pee right there on the couch.

But Zelda would do no such thing. To make the decision formal and unretractable, she said aloud “I'm still going to hold longer than you.”

Jewel squeezed her eyes, moaned, and rubbed her legs together in anguish.

Just when Zelda though she wouldn't get a response, Jewel said “N–no you won't.”

Zelda smiled weakly down at Jewel, and took a moment to appreciate her slightly inferior competitor's nonetheless impressive resolve. “Are you ready to go to bed?”

“I think I'll just sleep here.”

“Okay.” Zelda stood up to go to her own bed, but when her bladder had its angry say about her sudden movement, she decided to sit back down immediately on the reclining chair next to the couch. She reclined it back, allowing her bladder a little more room than her sitting position did.

“I guess I'll sleep here,” she said to Jewel. Jewel moaned in response.

The next hours passed in delirium. One minute Zelda would be awake, but think she was asleep; the next it would be the reverse. It was like fever-sleep, and with the cold sweat brought on by her abdominal agony it might as well have been. The pressure was unbelievable, and she couldn't resist cramming her hands in her crotch and squirming around in the chair to hold it all back. It kept her from proper sleep all night. She hadn't needed to pee this badly before in her life, as far as she was concerned.

And in the few moments when sleep crept warily up and slid over her, she could only dream of the hot gallon or so inside her spilling out and down her bare thighs (she never had clothes on in her dreams) in a great yellow waterfall. When the dream was allowed to continue for another minute, it would evolve to include Jewel, squirming and bloated but smiling nonetheless, watching Zelda lose the entire contents of her bladder and occasionally touching her inner thigh to feel her pride and dignity spilling out along with her pee. Then it would shatter, leaving behind only Zelda's dark living room, and an alarmingly bad pain in her belly.

After several iterations, the dream yielded to light. Zelda was paralyzed at first, partly from the stiffness of having slept on a chair and partly by the pain in her bladder. When she thawed out, she sat up and grimaced as her bladder contracted in a painful wave of unwelcome urgency.

Her first voluntary action was to check on Jewel. She looked over to the couch and saw her lying on her side, not peaceful at all, but asleep. The idea of waking her up by prodding her bladder swam across her mind, but couldn't surface for air in her pee-filled mental state, and drowned.

Zelda checked the clock and saw it was just past seven in the morning: less than five hours to go before the ninth toll of the bells. She could make it. She had to make it.

Jewel awoke. Zelda glanced over – too exhausted to turn her head if she didn't have to – and Jewel looked back at her. Jewel had to take a moment to remember what was going on, and when she did she visibly re-entered a world of hurt and despair. She was nearing the end of her rope.

With great effort, Zelda stood up. She had to jam her hands into her crotch, with her legs crossed and her torso nearly parallel to the ground, but she remained dry. When she could control her legs again, she walked to the kitchen to grab a bagel for her half-hearted breakfast, and another one for Jewel's. She then went back to the living room, where Jewel was sitting up on the couch, holding tightly between her own legs.

Zelda sat next to her and gave her one of the bagels; Jewel took it weakly. Zelda ate her bagel slowly with one hand while she held herself with the other.

“Oh god...” said Jewel. “I...can't hold this much longer.”

Zelda shook her head. “Neither can I.”

“I need to pee...” Jewel moaned.

Zelda said nothing.

“...oh my god,” Jewel started. “Oh...oh, my god!” Jewel was very alert now, and she turned from her lap to Zelda and then back, panicked. Zelda's eyes were wide with curiosity and excitement. Was it over? Had she won? (By now she had discarded the idea of making it to four and a half days, despite her determination only moments earlier. The pain was too much.)

But Jewel calmed down again after a moment, and Zelda knew she would have to carry on. She didn't even bother asking, but Jewel informed her: “I nearly leaked.” Nearly.

They finished their bagels in silence. Neither of them wanted to drink a single drop of liquid, but both were parched from the past day or so of constant, strenuous effort (the liquid they had drunk in that time seemed to have gone exclusively to their bladders). So Zelda stood and took two cups from the shelf in the kitchen, filled them both at the sink, and brought them back to the table. Her legs bounced up and down as she took sips from her cup; Jewel rubbed her thighs harshly with both hands, unable to stop long enough to pick up the cup. Finally she gained enough control to hold the cup with one hand while she held herself between double-crossed legs with the other.

She took a sip. The girls made eye contact for the first time that morning. Zelda bit her lip and looked sheepishly away, and Jewel just turned her head downward towards the table. Neither of them spoke at first, but after a moment of silence, Zelda said “Getting close...to leaking...yet?”

Jewel shook her head while grabbing herself frantically with both hands. “Nope.”

Zelda twisted her crossed legs to the side and held her crotch. “Me neither.”

Another ten minutes or so passed in silence – the same kind of merely tolerative silence that had filled the previous afternoon and evening. To their great relief, both girls' frantic desperation cooled down to only a dull throbbing in their bellies once it was given time to settle. Soon their minds were clear enough to think straight again, but they knew they couldn't get up without sloshing their bladders around and reverting back to quivering piles of urgency.

So, for a lack of anything else to do, Jewel put her hand back on its perch on Zelda's bladder. She poked it a few times, prodded it here and there, and in general administered a gentle massage, which Zelda endured without complaint. For five minutes, Jewel kept poking and kept prodding, until Zelda couldn't take it anymore and she moved Jewel's hand away. Zelda then took her turn massaging Jewel's bladder, which Jewel endured with a few more grunts and groans than Zelda had needed.

An hour passed. The champion holders alternated between tormenting one another, when one felt she could handle it, and comforting each other, when things got bad for both of them. Their desperation was now returning from its detour into mere pain, rising once again as a cold panic, an animalistic agony, a terror. Zelda was breathing heavily – in for two beats, out for two beats – hanging on to the edge of sanity by grasping the rhythm tightly, pounding her thighs together every half beat. Jewel was simply sitting still, both hands in her crotch and her legs intertwined twice over, several tears running down her cheek.

Zelda would win. She knew she would. She sat straight and resolute while doing her timed dance, and even managed to direct some of her attention away from her bladder and towards Jewel.

And while observing her companion, she saw a shift in the girl's posture – subtle, but unmistakable. It was the shift from expected success to expected failure; the slip out of control of the difficult and into mad forestallment of the inevitable; the exhalation of any hope she might have had that she could hold forever this time.

Jewel was making her last stand against her bladder!

Zelda funneled what spare attention she had into some quick calculations. If Jewel was anything like Zelda, then this stage of the hold would last about eight to fifteen minutes. It was the second-to-last stage – or third-to-last, if you counted peeing itself as a stage – right before the mad dash to a toilet (or bush). If Zelda could delay this stage in herself for ten minutes or so (it was partly a psychological shift which could be warded off with concerted effort) then Jewel would certainly finish it before Zelda did. Much less than ten minutes and Zelda might be rushed through the entire stage as Jewel clawed tightly to the rough ground it was made of, staying dry until Zelda had passed her and lost.

But no, it would not come to that. Although Zelda was in terrible pain – comparable to the time she had broken her Personal Best of 51 hours by an additional 4 hours as a she was whisked past one rest stop after another in a speeding car – she would not slip so soon. She had at least another thirty minutes in her, maybe forty. It wasn't the three hours and fifty-five minutes that remained until the ninth toll of the indifferent bells, but it would take her beyond Jewel and to victory by an almost-comfortable margin.

...if Jewel was anything like Zelda.

But as the wall clock ticked along, and as Zelda's bladder seemed to swell and swell, to grow visibly like bamboo, she began to realize that perhaps Jewel was not anything like her. Twenty minutes after Zelda had capped her estimation of Jewel's remaining time at only fifteen minutes, Jewel was still holding on. Was she aware of the feat she was displaying? Could it be that Jewel had found a way to get around the intensity of this stage of the hold? Could she have developed a method by which she could draw it out for thirty minutes? ...or six hours? Now that she had made it past twenty minutes, there was no telling how much longer Jewel might make it. There was no telling if the concept even applied to the girl.

And now, to her horror, Zelda herself slipped down into that stage of her hold. Her eyes widened and she gasped as the first wave of post-control pressure crashed against the dam; she held it at bay only by crunching up into a ball while pressing both hands between her legs. She released her breath back out as a moan or whimper as she sat up straight again. Bending over had put even more pressure on her bladder, and she needed a minute to recover.

She looked up a minute later, wiping a tear from her eye, to see Jewel staring at her. She almost chuckled, as if to say “bladders, am I right?”, but stopped herself, lest the shaking motion of laughter slosh and spill her bladder. Instead, she smiled sheepishly.

“So you finally get to see me struggling to hold my pee,” Zelda said. “After three days...”

Jewel opened her mouth to say something, but hesitated.

Zelda noticed. “What?”

Jewel blushed a little, squirmed in place, and looked down at her tightly-crossed legs.

“...three years...” she said quietly.

Zelda was puzzled at first, but then she understood. Jewel hadn't seen the understanding come over her face, though, so she elaborated.

“I noticed that you hold your pee a long time ago, around when I started working at the shop. I didn't even know your name. I just noticed that sometimes when you came in, you'd have a bulge in your tummy. At first I didn't know, but...eventually I figured it out.”

Zelda didn't say anything. In the silence, Jewel added “Sorry if that's creepy. I just--”

But here, Zelda spoke: “It's okay,” she said with as much of a kind smile as she could manage through her pain. She saw that Jewel wasn't convinced, so she continued: “I would have done the same thing.”

When Jewel looked at her, she winked.

Jewel wanted to respond – maybe by winking back, or by giggling – but her bladder prevented her from doing anything except concentrate on keeping the floodgates closed. She uncrossed her legs briefly, just long enough to jam her hands in between them, before wrapping them back up into a tight package. To return to the topic of Jewel's extended stay in the penultimate stage of her hold, she was indeed aware of what she was achieving. She didn't know why she was able to cling to the stage for so long, and she couldn't think about it because her bladder was too full and distracting.

But if she could have, she might have hypothesized that two factors were at play: one, her wildly competitive nature when it came to holding, and two, her arousal from seeing this other beautiful woman on the brink of losing control of her own distended bladder. It had been Jewel's dream to see this for as long as she could remember, and it had been her dream to see this specifically in Zelda ever since she had met the girl. Her perfect hips, large breasts, and (normally) flat tummy had caught Jewel's eyes, and her face and personality had held them captive for ages.

As Jewel reminisced about Zelda's angelic appearance, the contrasting hellfire in her lower belly grew hotter and wilder, and she shrunk down into a more and more tightly-wound ball, the picture of human desperation, trying to keep the fire tamed for just another few minutes.

Meanwhile, it occurred to Zelda that they had not prepared any way for the winner to pee if she wanted to do so while the loser was still on the toilet. She had just assumed that she would win by a wide margin and be able to hold for hours after Jewel had given up. But this was not the case: her own bladder was thrashing wildly around in her belly, demanding to be emptied, repeatedly smashing its head against the ceiling of Zelda's pain tolerance. A tear collected in her eye and rolled gently down her cheek, running out of material before it could even drop off of her chin.

Zelda cursed herself under her breath: “...dammit...”

Jewel wanted badly to comfort her; she knew how Zelda felt. But alas, she had no strength to spare: as these very thoughts ran through her mind, she knew she was in the final minute of her capacity to wait. She tried to deny the fact, to put the end off just a little longer, but as her quivering sac of piss approached the limit of its ability to delay the inevitable release of what must have been far more than its normal capacity, she saw that it was hopeless.

She stammered, humiliated by her need to ask such a question, but managed to make herself ask it anyway.

“Zelda...? Do you...do you think I could...u-use your...your restroom?”

Zelda's eyes widened – not so much because her eyelids opened farther, but rather because her pupils dilated, as a cat's pupils do when it approaches its prey. She hesitated, then grinned.

“Sorry, I don't have a restroom. I don't ever need one.”

Jewel squeezed her eyes in pain, then repeated breathlessly “...Seriously...it's...an emergency.”

Zelda could not suppress her grin from growing evily as she stood up and guided Jewel to the bathroom. As she arrived at the door at the end of the hallway, she thought briefly about ducking inside and locking Jewel out. How perfectly sexy that would be, how excellent a situation to control...

But she stopped herself. If she was going to win, she was going to do it without cheating. She would to allow things to proceed smoothly now that they were going her way: she was not the selfish hare who makes a good start but slacks in the end; she was the wise, biding tortoise who patiently sees things through until they are done right.

Jewel slunk down the hall behind her, clutching her enormous belly in pain, letting out a moan every step. Seeing her like this gave Zelda the power she needed to ward off the onslaught of pressure within her own giant belly, despite it having redoubled its rage when she had stood up. Jewel looked down at her feet as she passed Zelda – a gesture of admitted defeat. She also left the door open as she entered the bathroom, to let Zelda know she could watch if she wanted to.

Zelda did want to. She followed Jewel in and – forgetting or ignoring her new-found fondness of tortoises – did not step into the bathtub for good measure. Rather, she stood a few feet from the toilet, holding her bladder's four-inch protrusion in one hand and a fistful of her own shirt in the other, to keep her fingernails from digging into her palms as she clutched her hand in pain and effort. She watched intently.

Jewel paused before the toilet, only a foot away. A thought blurred past Zelda: what if Jewel is only faking me out? The thought must have tripped over a nerve as it ran through her mind, for it triggered an immense wave of pain in her bladder, which Zelda tried to stoically tough out, but which caused her to bend forward and moan anyway. No matter – she could hear by Jewel's moan that she was not faking after all. No one could fake such a pleasured, painful, desperate noise as what Jewel had just uttered.

And then Zelda saw why Jewel had moaned at that particular moment, inches from relief: a wet, dripping patch was forming on her bottom, growing larger by the second. Jewel stopped her moan short, took half a breath, then cried out in pain. Zelda took half a step back. The scene was so nearly orgasmic to her that she forgot about her own pain for a moment.

But Jewel regained control. She arrested the patch's growth when it was only the size of a hand – Zelda's hand, not Jewel's much smaller one – and although it spread a few more millimeters and dripped a few more drops due to simple fluid dynamics, Jewel was keeping the rest of her pee contained. Zelda glanced at the clock: 7:54 AM. That made 4 days, 7 hours and 54 minutes that Jewel had held her pee. Good girl, Jewel. But the thought reminded Zelda of her own predicament, and she had to return all of her attention to it just to stay dry.

Jewel fumbled her belt open and undid her jeans button, then ripped the zipper down. She yanked her pants down frantically and struggled just to hook her pink underwear's edge with her thumbs. When she got it she yanked them down as well, then turned, bent halfway over in pain, and sat down on the toilet.

The sound of the stream of piss hitting the water was no less than that of a faucet turned on full blast. The accompanying sigh from Jewel's mouth was no less than that of a girl who has met an angel. Zelda looked on with pursed lips, willing herself not to leak like Jewel had, nor to dance around like her bladder wanted her to.

But she couldn't help it; as Jewel's relaxation sank into euphoria, Zelda had to hold herself, cross her thick, beautiful legs, move her hips around and even bounce on one foot. She blushed furiously, trying every moment to stop the silly dance, but Jewel took no notice: she was in heaven. Her hot piss streamed out at maximum power for a full minute, then another, and still it flowed. Zelda watched with increasing jealousy, wishing desperately that she could pee, even considering stepping into the bathtub and peeing her pants just to get relief.

But no. She had promised herself a clean victory, and she would get one. Even if she had to wait for hours, she would get one.

After four full minutes, Jewel's stream slowed to a trickle, and after another 45 seconds, the trickle slowed to a stop.

Jewel didn't move. Zelda bit her lip and shifted from side to side.

A minute passed. Jewel wiped herself, but remained on the toilet. Zelda was now hopping furiously from side to side, blushing deeply but staying dry.

Five minutes passed, and still Jewel taunted her. She did not look up, nor seem to make any facial expression at Zelda (but her black hair covered her face too much for Zelda to be sure).

Zelda waited. One minute, she would cross her legs and tap her feet, hands folded on her crotch; the next, she would sit down on the edge of the tub and lean forward, moaning in urgency and desperation; the next again, she would stand up and repeatedly stamp the ground with one foot – with the side effect of making her giant breasts bounce up and down. Jewel occasionally glanced up to watch.

But Zelda would not ask to pee.

After what seemed like eternity (but was only fifteen minutes) it occurred to Zelda that perhaps she would need to stop dancing around if she wanted permission to use the toilet. She summoned all her remaining strength over the course of the next minute – risking total exhaustion if even this didn't satisfy Jewel – and managed to stand completely still. As she stood, sweating and shivering, but not squirming, Jewel slowly began to stand up, pull up her underwear and then her jeans, button her jeans, and finally zipper them. She looked up mischievously at Zelda, who was in too much pain to be amused.

And as Zelda stepped past on her way to the toilet, Jewel reached around the larger girl's midsection and gave her huge belly a constricting squeeze, as hard as she could. She didn't hold the position for more than a second, but she figured the damage was done anyway.

Zelda's initial reaction was a stifled gasp of surprise.

Then: “nnnNNGGGGAAAAAAAGGH!”

But to both girls' surprise, she did not leak; she did not even break posture. She simple screamed that primal scream of pain, her round eyes shut tight and her teeth clenched, then proceeded to unbutton and unzip her pants and pull them down with her panties in one motion. She spun around and, before her butt had even touched the toilet seat, began peeing full-force.

Her stream was as powerful as Jewel's, and would have lasted as long had she not prevented the faucet stream from slowing to a trickle – she had always liked to get the pee out as quickly as she could.

Jewel watched and listened excitedly as her competitor emptied her bladder. She had enjoyed making her wait, and had wanted to keep going for longer, but when Zelda had demonstrated her ability to stand still while containing such an immense load of piss, she had given up.

Zelda wiped quickly and stood up, pulling her pants back around her hips. She had won a clean victory, as promised, and she was beaming. She suspected she really was the last person to pee this year, too.

“Not bad, eh?”

Jewel smiled back and said “I guess not...for a beginner.”

“Hey now,” Zelda said, still grinning. “No need to be a sore loser. There's always next time.”

Jewel looked up in wonder. “N...next time?” she asked breathlessly.

Zelda nodded. “As far as I'm concerned, you can stop by any time you want. Just let me know in advance so I can get nice and full for you.”

Jewel was speechless, and Zelda giggled at her. “C'mon, did you think I'd stop at beating you just once?” She poked Jewel in the tummy playfully.

Jewel twitched at the poke and, after a moment, poked Zelda back twice, laughing as she did it.

Zelda, not to be outdone, poked Jewel three times, and Jewel, still feeling aroused and now feeling a bit daring, poked Zelda's right breast. Zelda smiled and giggled, then wrapped her arms around her smaller companion and pressed Jewel's head into her soft chest. Jewel had to stop herself from drooling on Zelda's shirt.

When she released her embrace, Jewel stepped back and stumbled light-headedly.

After recovering, she said “Thank you again for letting me stay here. I really enjoyed myself, and I was really thankful to be inside.”

“Of course,” Zelda said. “It was my pleasure to have you over.”

They exchanged broad smiles, and finally Jewel said “Well...I guess I'll need to leave soon. I have work in a few hours, and...I'll need to change.”

Zelda nodded. “Yes you will. I'll drive you back to work. Will someone be there to unlock the door?”

“Yeah, my manager always comes in to work really early. She'll be there.”

“All right,” Zelda said. “I wish you could stay for longer, but...life calls. Do you need to get anything before we leave?”

“Nah, I didn't bring anything with me. But...you might want to put a towel on your car seat before I sit on it.”

Zelda grinned. “I will. But I don't really need to; I have a refined process for getting pee stains out of my car seat.”

They went outside and got into Zelda's car, and Zelda drove Jewel back to the restaurant. Jewel went inside – not caring who saw her with pee-stained jeans – and grabbed her keys off of the counter in the back where she had left them.

She went back outside and saw Zelda waiting to bid her goodbye. She smiled and waved, and just before Zelda turned away to start driving, Jewel winked at her. Zelda winked back one last time – she would be coming here again.

As Jewel drove home to change, she couldn't stop thinking about those last few minutes in which she had kept Zelda from peeing when she wanted to – how she had forced Zelda to squirm and dance around just to stay dry.

It was good to know that, despite seeming like a goddess, Zelda was only human, and even she needed to pee sometimes.

END OF SECOND STORY

