Piss Baby (The Owl House)

Author: SodaBubbles

*000*2024-01-18 21:56

NOTE: All characters are aged up to a respected age.

PLOT: Boscha teases Luz for needing to use the school bathrooms, and when Amity finds out, she makes Boscha regret everything.

WARNINGS: There is mentions of genitals

Luz and Amity were together in the Abominations class. Amity was taking notes while Luz was doing.. well, she was doing something. Amity took notice of Luz’s squirming and lip biting throughout class, it had gotten worse over time. Amity worried for her girlfriend, she didn’t want her to be in any pain, not At all.

”Batata, are you, okay?” Amity finally spoke up.

Luz perked up, as she rubbed her neck awkwardly.

”Mmmmm.. I need to pee.” Luz replied, biting her bottom lip.

”Then just ask the teacher, sweets. I’ll stay here.” Amity said in a slightly playful tone.

To be honest, Amity wanted to see Luz squirm around more. She liked it, her cheeks tinted a slight pink color. Luz soon excused herself and went out of class, giving Amity one last kiss before she left for the time being.

Luz soon reached the stalls, before slightly freezing. She heard some pop music playing. She peered from the doorway, noticing Boscha by the mirror, doing her makeup. Of course, out of all times Luz had to piss, Boscha Just had to be there. Luz quickly tip toed behind her, hoping Boscha wouldn’t notice.

When she thought the coast was clear, seeming that Boscha was dully distracted, Luz dashed into one of the stalls, pulling down her school uniform pants and her panties, sitting on the toilet as she let out a long, warm stream of urine out.

”Ahhhhh~ that’s sooo much better..” Luz moaned in relief.

Boscha seemed to perk up at the sudden noise. Was someone in here? She soon heard loud sounds of urine, whimpering and slight moans, then hearing a familiar voice. She cracked a cheeky grin she usually wore, walking to the stall that Luz was supposedly in, laying on the door.

Luz squeaked as she suddenly noticed feet from the bottom of the door.

”Oh Luz, is that you, huh? Oh you poor little bitch. Couldn’t hold it for longer? What a piss baby.” Boscha replied with a smug look, talking in her usual cheeky tone she usually used when around Luz or Willow.

Luz’s face was red. She was so pee shy that her stream ended, and she wasn’t even fully finished yet.

“Boscha, please. Leave me the fuck alone.” Luz replied with slight annoyance.

”Hah! You wish!” Boscha replied, quickly trotting over to the stall next to Luz, as she stood on the toilet, peering over At Luz from the thin walls.

”Boscha! Give me privacy!” Luz yelled, looking up as she noticed that goddamn rat.

Boscha just giggled her usual giggle, as she pulled out her Penstagram, snapping a photo of Luz on the toilet. Luz shrieked as she yelled at Boscha to just get out. But she wasn’t budging.

”This is gonna get so many likes, you know that human?” Boscha said, quickly posting the photo, before walking out of the stall, collecting her items and leaving with a proud smile.

Ah, fucking hell.” Luz whined. Why did Boscha have to be so mean? Luz never did her any harm.

Luz soon left the bathroom, both with an unhappy bladder and unhappy face. She walked over to class, which looked like it had ended as Amity was packing her bag. Right, Luz was too lost in thought she didn’t hear the bell scream.

”What took you so long? I thought you had to pee. What happened?” Amity asked her, handing Luz her bag as they booked it straight to The Owl House.

”Boscha happened.” Luz confessed, slightly rubbing her thighs together

Amity grumbled under her breath. Of course. That fucking bitch had to tease her girlfriend.

”Can you tell me what happened?” Amity asked, sounding very upset at the fact Boscha had done something. And Amity wasn’t there to help.

”She took pictures of me, she called me a piss baby, she teased me. She hurt me.” Luz replied, tears filling her eyes. She has had it with Boscha’s shit.

Amity soon clenched her fists together, growling as she looked at Luz.

”She took PICTURES OF YOU?!” Amity yelled, sounding very angry.

”Yes.. and I couldn’t even finish what I was doing.” Luz confessed.

Amity’s mind was furious. She couldn’t believe a word Luz had said. Amity wanted to cook up a huge revenge for what Boscha had done.

”Batata, you’re safe now, okay? I’ll help you to the bathrooms when we get to The Owl House. I’m here babes.” Amity replied.

Amity was only being kind for Luz’s sake. But Luz had no idea what Amity’s mind was cooking up right now. But it was something spicy.

~~~~~~~

The next day at Hexside, Amity was very focused on the clock. All day she was waiting for lunch time, knowing that she would run into Boscha during that time. It was only a few minutes until the bell screamed, but Amity couldn’t wait anymore.

”Sir? May I go to the restroom, please?” Amity raised her hand.

The teacher replied with a simple nod, in which Amity walked out of class. Clenching her fists as she stormed towards the restroom. After a few seconds, she slammed the door open, stomping inside as she noticed Boscha, perfect.

”Oh, hey Amity.” Boscha replied with her girly cocky tone.

”None of that.” Amity replied, before pushing Boscha to the wall, her back hitting hard against the walls as Amity pinned her.

”I heard about the incident with Luz. How dare you post private pictures of her!” Amity yelled.

Boscha was as scared as a mouse, she sweated and stuttered.

”W- Well sh-she uh-“ Boscha tried to get a word out, she squirmed and wiggled.

Amity smirked, she had gotten to the tip of one of Boscha’s issues. Being scared makes Boscha’s bladder wanna let loose. Amity knew this from constant horror movie sleepovers from when they were younger, in which Boscha always wet herself when she got scared.

”LOOK AT ME! You Will NOT go near Luz’s ass again! Is that understood?! I will make your life absolute hell! You hear me?!” Amity yelled.

Boscha whimpered in fear. She never knew about this side of Amity, but what she did know was that her pants started getting wet and warm. Her vagina was soaked as the crotch of her pants darkened in color. She was pissing herself.

Amity smirked as she pulled out her Penstagram, and recorded a whole video of Boscha wetting herself. The yellow stream of urine trickled down from her pants to the ground, making a loud trickle sound as it formed into a puddle. Boscha was as red as a tomato. She had never felt so embarrassed, and she had never been recorded like this.

”oh, boohoo. Who’s the piss baby now?” Amity chirped cheekily.

When Boscha’s stream came to an end, Amity dashed out of the bathroom, leaning against the wall and posting the whole video on her Penstagram. It instantly got many likes, Amity was proud. She let out a chuckle of amusement.

~~~~~~

After the day was over, her and Luz hung out, Luz seemed to notice that Amity had worn a smug look all day.

”Hey, sweet potato? What’s up with the smug look?” Luz questioned.

”Oh it’s nothing. But Boscha wont tease you anymore is what you need to know.” Amity replied, grinning.

