Peri desperate in the tardis

Author: Superspaced

*000*2018-04-04 03:01

This is my first piece of omo writing, I hope classic whovians can enjoy! Inform me of any mistakes or improvements you might have noticed, and if you liked it and want to see more, let me know!

Adorned in a fresh new pair of bright blue skin-tight jeans and a low-cut white cotton top, purchased in a vintage clothing shop on New Earth (in New New York, of course) emerging from the endless stream of corridors into the main console room, came a particularly bright and jovial Peri.

"Ah, Peri!" the Doctor cheerfully exclaimed, eyes fixed on the controls as he danced around the console tapping buttons and flicking certain switches, only to occasionally rectify his mistakes with a bit of uncertainty.

"Good morning Doctor, what are we doing today?" said Peri curiously, in her soft but familiar American accent. Her eyes were wide as she focused on the blonde curls laid upon the Doctors head, faintly reminiscing on her time with the Doctor, both versions, still wondering how this could be the same man she initially traveled with before that traumatic change. It didn't matter much, she'd taught the "new" version of the Doctor to stop being so stubborn and arrogant, and likewise he had taught her to be a bit more ruthless in encounters with the various villainous monsters she faced.

"Really? Morning already? Perhaps I should take a break, I've got a busy day ahead of me."

"Don't you mean we have a busy day?" Peri corrected him, smiling at his forgetfulness.

"Oh no not you, you're stay here in the Tardis, where it's safe. I've got some galactic business to attend to, much too dangerous for the likes of your human kind." He punched in the coordinates and had already set the dematerialisation in motion. The familiar groan of the Tardis always delighted and tingled Peri's curiosity.

To his surprise, Peri agreed with him, stating she would enjoy some time alone to have a break. This caused the Doctor to look up at Peri, finally noticing her, and her bust to which he perhaps stared a little too long for her to not notice.

She had done this on purpose, to see whether or not the alien man was interested. Of course she was not interested in him, and she guessed that he was not interested in her either, well apart from her figure, which she had made extra bouncy and noticeable. Her nipples poked through her shirt nicely. The same went for her "vintage" jeans, which curved nicely around the bum and tightened in the crotch area, driving any man, or indeed a few women, mad with desire. Any normal man at least.

The Tardis landed and as the Doctor prepared to go out he explained his absence may be slightly lengthy, as he was to meet some old friends of his, of which he'd like to catch up with. Just before stepping out he took one last glance and the American, idly pacing around the console, and remarked, "Those jeans must be a tad size too small" to which was met with a stern but loving glare from his companion as he proceeded to exit the spacecraft. Peri secretly liked the fact that the Doctor had noticed her... features, to say the least.

An hour passed when Peri decided to have a wander around the seemingly endless array of corridors. She felt a slight stirring in her bladder, but she could hold it for a while. After all she knew where the toilet was.

Passing the corridors she found a few rooms unoccupied, one of which looked a bit like a child's room, badges strewn across the floor and a chest filled with what she presumed was just space stuff. She left it be, after all the person who owned that room might come back one day. She somehow doubted it.

A few hours passed with scarcely a change, apart from the now quickly growing urge to urinate, it had gotten to the point several times where she had to place her hand over her crotch for fear of leaking. Deep into the Tardis interior now, Peri had found herself lost, and in desperate need for the toilet. Her pace quickened as she darted left and right into rooms that to her misfortune were not a toilet.

Another hour slowly passed by and Peri had still not found herself near a toilet. She presumed the Tardis was playing a cruel trick on her, not letting her find a toilet where shepherd would have if the Doctor was here. Her hand was now constantly pressed against her bladder, bursting with hot pee. She jumped, hoping it would ease the desperation only to do the opposite as she involuntarily let out a few drops of urine into her panties, showing only a small blotch of dark contrasting her bright blue jeans. She bent over slightly pushing both hands against herself. Briefly she appreciated how her breasts had bounced nicely when she jumped, and indeed bent over she peered under her top, admiring her bust and nipples which poked out of her top invitingly. Peri also noticed her bottom must've looked flattering to anyone behind it.

15 minutes had barely made any progress with Peri, now struggling to walk without legs crossed, her arm leaning againsed the circular panels of the corridor wall. Letting out a soft moan, a thin stream of pee trickled into her trousers creating a tennis ball size patch around her crotch. Aware of the danger she was in, Peri asked aloud to be next to a toilet, alas in vain. Oh where was the Doctor at this hour? He could have helped, Peri no longer cared about the embarrassing patch on her crotch, she desperately needed to relieve herself. At a few points she considered letting go, which gave her a strange sense of arousal at the thought, unconsciously grabbing a breast with one hand running a finger across her nipple. She made an attempt to stand up straight which proved to be a huge mistake, jettisoning a larger and longer stream of hot piss spreading across her crotch and bum and thinly trickling down her legs.

She managed to control herself by crossing her legs and jamming her fists against herself stopping the flow, not before she let out a moan of pleasure, that felt amazing! Her bum was mostly wet and her crotch glistening, she glanced at her hand which was now nicely wet and shiny. Feeling that now she had everything under control; the damage wasn't too bad as there wasn't much sign of it on the floor yet and her legs had only a thin stream either side.

Another thirty minutes passed, Peri still desperate and Abby this point unmoving, doing everything she could not to let go which she so desperately desired. Her bladder was completely full and about to burst she felt. The thoughts of letting it all go right here right now into her cotton panties and down her legs had made her slightly horny too.

Without warning, the whole Tardis lurched sideways, hurling a cross-legged bursting Peri to the other side, back slamming into the corridor wall. The Tardis quickly readjusted itself, but by then it was too late.

Her bladder suddenly relaxed, Steaming hot piss filled her panties and continued to flow warm urine down her legs like a river, creating a large expanding puddle of pee which surrounded Peri and flowed over her bare feet. As Peri slowly slid down the wall, she continued wetting herself and it showed no signs of stopping. Warm, wet wee spread across her bum and in her crevasse, a pleasure sensation also continued to fill Peri, better than a hundred orgasms. Nothing at this precise moment could feel better than now, sitting in her own piss, and continuing to urinate herself more until eventually the stream slowed down and became a thin trickle. Peri let out another soft moan. She was in ecstasy.

Not a few minutes later, still sitting in her own puddle of pee, did she hear the doctor making his way towards her. She didn't even bother moving.

"Peri? Is that you? Sorry about the wait, and I thought something was wrong the way the Tardis felt like it was laughing at its own joke. Ah, there you are, and it seems as though the Tardis has been playing a very cruel joke indeed. I'm sorry Peri, I should've come back sooner, then you might not have been in this mess."

Peri slowly got up, drenched in piss, at some point her wet hand must have washed some of it on her shirt, because it was too, fully soaked through and you could see her breasts shirt or not. Peri didn't mind. "You don't seem that surprised that this happened Doctor"

"Oh no no no, this has happened many times before with many of my companions, you're not the first and you certainly won't be the last. Get yourself and those clothes washed and we'll never speak of this again. I'll make sure the Tardis takes care of the mess on the floor"

Satisfied with the response, Peri noticed, or she thought she'd noticed, a slight bulge when the Doctor was looking at her. Whether it was her beautifully shaped breasts or her glistening wet patch or her bum she could not say. But she was glad she was still impressive to an alien even in this mess. She proceeded to make her way back to her room, peeled off her clothes and jumped in the shower, tenderley cleaning herself. Her last thoughts in the shower were that of the realisation that she secretly enjoyed her experience wetting herself like that, and secretly hoped it would happen again, or give her an excuse to mess herself again.

