Princess Matcha and Sir Nolan

Author: smutjunkie

*000*2023-12-12 02:14

Hey folks, here's a short story I wrote a few months ago. It's set in a fantasy world and features a sub/dom relationship. There is a brief sex scene at the end that I've marked. Hope you enjoy!

###

Princess Matcha sat in her castle’s drawing room drinking the wine. She wondered when Sir Nolan would appear. It had been a month since they’d agreed to their simulated escapade: she’d play the part of the haughty noble with an army of automata guarding her while he’d play the furious mage warlord intent on ending her rule and disgracing her. They’d agreed on the terms carefully. They’d established a safe word (elucidate) and had also agreed that if her mouth was otherwise incapable of speech at any time during their strange fantasy, she would wink her left eye, then her right eye, then blink five times in quick succession. Before Sir Nolan appeared, he would cast a spell on himself that automatically shut down any and all of his sexual impulses if Matcha gave either of the signals.

@@Princess Matcha poured herself another glass of wine. The wine was another one of her master’s little magic tricks. It did not intoxicate whoever consumed it, but it retained the rest of its qualities as an alcohol, including its flavor and rather diuretic qualities. She’d just finished her third tall glass when one of her mechanical golems outside gave its warning alarm. Uneasy yet also excited that Sir Nolan’s assault had finally began, Princess Matcha climbed to her castle’s parapet. There was her master on the horizon barreling towards the castle on the back of umbral steed. She gave a smug smirk, certain that no matter what spells he employed, her golems would fell him. He was a bloody fool to think he could defeat them when they were constructed and programmed with her one-of-a-kind expertise. Yet still, as she watched him approach, she felt a vague urgency to urinate, and as the thundering hooves of his steed grew louder, her need to pee began to grow. In a flash, Nolan leapt from his horse. The golem swung downwards with its massive spiked club, but Nolan blinked to the side. He raised his arm skyward then yanked it down, and a lighting bolt descended and destroyed the golem.

As the bolt’s thunderclap reverberated through her, Matcha a brief jet of her warm pee escape from her genitals. She squeezed her legs together to stop herself from losing control.

Still aching to pee, she descended to the front hall, where Nolan had broken through the grand doors and was now engaged in combat with her steel dualists. He had no problem dodging their rapiers and flintlocks. He disassembled them with waves of arcane force and the occasional thrust of his enchanted spear. As the last dualist fell, Nolan threw its broken headpiece towards where Matcha stood.

“Surrender now!” he bellowed at her. “It’s hopeless to continue your resistance!”

Matcha’s heart was racing. Her legs quivered. How could he be so powerful? Again, she began to pee against her will. The wetness soaked into the front of her dress and a brief shower splashed on the ground between her feet. She shoved her hands into her crotch and prayed she could regain her composure. There was no time to spare now. She ran to her chamber and prepared her last line of defense: a grisly hound built from the finest mithril.

“This will surely stop him,” she mumbled. “And I’m not going to wet myself, I’m not going to–”

Her pathetic whimpering ended as she heard Nolan approach outside her chambers. She ran for her closet to hide. She watched through the slats as Nolan entered her chamber. The hound leapt at Nolan’s neck. He lunged and buried his spear in the hound’s mouth, then channeled an enormous burst of energy through his weapon. The hound shuddered and collapsed before Nolan. He threw his spear aside and approached the closet. No delicate layer of wood would stop him from having her. Matcha again had to grab her crotch to prevent herself from soaking her clothes with the flood of piss waiting inside her body.

“There’s my little plaything,” he said with a growling voice. “You didn’t make it easy for me to get to you, but that that I’ve found you, you’re going to regret hiding from me. Who’s your master? Am I still your master?”

Princess Matcha nodded meekly.

“Say it. Say the words, you worthless, spoiled princess.”

“You’re still my master,” Princess Matcha stammered without removing her hands from her crotch. “You can use my body however you want.”

@@Nolan regarded her with a devilish smile, and Matcha mind reeled with all the possible torments he’d had in store for her. Her bladder seemed to have squeezed itself down to a size she thought impossible, and now Matcha realized the inevitable: she would relieve herself in sheer terror before her master. Without another word, Nolan snapped his fingers, and the seams of Matcha’s dress ripped open. Her clothes fell to the floor, and she was left standing in nothing but her purple bikini panties. The same force that destroyed her clothes forced her to stumble backwards and drop her hands away from her body. Finally her terror completely overwhelmed her; she could offer no more resistance. Her bladder began to empty into her panties, quickly flooding through them. Her pee soaked her panties, darkening the fabric’s contours against her pussy and ass. A heavy stream of pee fell from her between her legs while smaller rivulets dripped down her thighs. The liquid splashed on the closet’s floor, leaving droplets and sprays on her ankles and toes. The feeling of the warm urine on labia, legs, and feet aroused her; her bladder’s relief made her desperate for something else; she could see the outline of her master’s erection through his pants.

“Oh, look, you’re so terrified that you can’t help but urinate on yourself,” Nolan mocked her. He placed one hand on her left breast to fondle it and the other he cupped over vagina to savor the warm wetness flowing from it “That’s right, my pissy little pet slut – show your complete submission to me. These breasts, your mouth, your tight little ass – they’re my property, my possessions to abuse.”

He sneered at her as she continued to humiliate herself in from of him. There was now a growing puddle at her feet, and the rivulets on her legs had grown into long, wide streams. When at last her bladder was empty, he forced her to kneel her the puddle she’d made.

(SEX SCENE BEGINS HERE)

“Here’s a neat little trick a think a sex-crazed bimbo like you will enjoy,” Nolan said. He laid his hands on her head and slowly ran his finger through her hair as he whispered an amorous incantation. Matcha felt the muscles in the back of her throat relax. Nolan’s gentle touch ended, and now he gripped the hair on the back of her head hard.

“Now, open your mouth for me like I know you’ve been daydreaming of for weeks.”

@@There was nothing she could do besides obey him. Her jaw fell open. He slipped his cock out of his breeches and plunged it into her mouth. It penetrated deep into her throat, and a curious pleasure began to spread through Matcha’s body. It was as he’d given her a g-spot in her throat, and soon she’d have an orgasm centered in her throat just like the ones she’d had whenever Nolan fucked her pussy or asshole. He fucked her mouth without relent, jabbing and pulling back in a hastening rhythm, his cock swelling as it passed back and forth over her lips. The pleasure in the back of her throat kept growing as she smelled the urine around her knees. He was right: she was his pissy little pet slut. She adored being debased. She loved being forced to kneel before him. She dreamt every day of having her mouth turned into a hole for his gratification. Faster and faster. The pee on her legs still warm, her panties damp against her genitals. He yanked her hair hard, and with one last enormous thrust, his cock blasted cum into her throat. She swallowed it greedily, knowing that it was only the first of many loads she would take during whatever kinky night he had planned for her.

