Anyone into continuing other people's stories?

Author: soo-pis-sed

*000*2020-04-16 19:09

So I have one little thing on my mind. I'm not sure if people do it here, but I'd try. The idea is, I post a beginning of a story, and anyone who likes it can continue it. (If the next part won't end it, myself or someone else can pick it up.) I don't know if it's a good idea, but I'll just post some beginning and see if it works out.

*

Irene was leaving home for the romantic night with her boyfriend. She didn't even need to think what she had to wear: the bodysuit Matt gave her for their first anniversary. She'd tried it on only once, and not even in front of him! He'll just go wild when he sees her in this sexy lacy black thing that looks so hot on her tall curvy figure. To highlight the contrast between the innocent look she'll put on at first and the sexy beast he'll discover, she was wearing pink jeans and blue T-shirt over the bodysuit.

She walked to the subway station, feeling like everyone was throwing glances at her, although they couldn't know what she was wearing under unamusing clothes. She wasn't in a hurry at all - even ahead of time for their meeting. When she went out of the subway, she saw a message from Matt. Apparently he'd sent it a while ago, but her phone was out of range on the train.

"Hey, have you left home yet?"

"Haha, you know I hate to be late ;)"

"Where are you?"

"Almost at your place!"

"Damn... I'm not home yet I have to help my family. Can we meet a bit later?"

"Sure, what's up? I hope they're ok?"

"My mom and both sisters came home from movies, but the lock on the door got broken! I have to fix it."

"Oh, I see... Will it take long?"

"Not sure. BTW all three of them are bursting for a wee. If you saw their pee dance, you'd laugh your butt off!"

"Haha, hurry up then!"

"What are you going to do now?"

"I'll text Macy, she lives in 15 min from you."

"Ok, great."

Irene messaged her friend Macy, who suggested going to some bar nearby and having a few drinks. After a moment of hesitation, Irene decided that being just a bit tipsy wouldn't ruin the romance with Matt, and agreed.

Soon Irene and Macy were sitting in a pub, drinking beer and chatting. Irene texted Matt a couple of times, but the messages were still unseen. Apparently he was too busy. Irene was already a bit light-headed from two glasses she had. In the middle of vivid conversation an urge to pee hit her all of a sudden.

"Excuse me for a minute," she said to Macy, standing up from the table and heading to the bathroom. She locked there already in a kind of hurry. Wow, that beer kicked in fast, luckily the relief was near! Irine unbuttoned her pink jeans.

"Oh crap..."

She totally forgot she was wearing a bodysuit! Drinking beer wasn't her plan for tonight. Well, that wasn't too smart of her, she had to admit. But now she had to do something, and quickly.

