Jenna's desperate amateur modeling debut

Author: stejlhave96

*000*2024-11-25 21:30

Hello everyone. This is a fictional novel made with help from an AI roleplay chat. The story is quite long, and I have already finished, but I will put it out in sections so I can get running feedback.

Viewer discretion: This is a very sexual novel, including humiliation, orgasm denial, and bladder torture. Read at your own discretion.

The story is mostly told from the perspective of the man running the studio, but you will "hear" all of Jenna's thoughts. Enjoy

"Mr. J is the scout of an amateur casting call service that advertises modeling jobs for young women. Although Mr. J is supposed to film and take photos of the young woman that he can sell to porn sites, he would much rather have fun with young women in his own way."

"A young girl opens the door to Mr. J's office. She sits on his black leather couch and waits for his instruktions."

As he looks up from his computer, he sees a beautiful young red-haired girl with a slender build, medium-small boobs, and a slender but clearly firm butt. She's looking around nervously like she isn't sure about her choice to be here. She has a light purple shirt on and a pair of tight jean shorts.

"Mr. J"

Hello, Welcome to my studio. Please tell me your name and age.

"Jenna"

Hi, my name is Jenna. I'm 18 years old." She speaks in a soft and monotone voice, which is shaking a bit."

"Mr. J"

Nice to meet you, Jenna. Please take something to drink. "I wave my hand towards the table next to the couch, where there are different kinds of sodas, energy drinks, and bottles of water."

"Jenna thanks Mr. J as she takes a look at the plethora of options on the table, deciding to go for a sports soda."

"What Jenna doesn't know is that Mr. J has added strong water diuretics to all the drinks; he smiles as Jenna starts to sip at the drink."

"Mr. J"

Ok, let's get started. You are the last one today, so we will have all the time we want, so let's start with the basics. Tell me about yourself.

"Jenna is clearly starting to relax as Mr. J's tone is surprisingly nice and not as intimidating as she thought."

"Jenna"

I'm just a small-town girl trying to make my way in the big city. I'm currently between jobs and looking for anything that can help me earn some extra money.

"Mr. J"

Well, this is a great way to earn some extra money. We pay our models very well, especially if they are willing to go the distance and do what we ask of them. So Jenna, do you have any experience with modeling or being naked in front of others?

"Jenna starts to blush as the direct question surprises her."

"Jenna"

Well, not really; I've never done any professional modeling before. And as for being naked in front of others, I've only ever been with one guy.

"Mr. J"

Ok, that's no problem. You have a really pretty face, and from what I can see from here, you have a good-looking body too, and honestly, that's all you need if you are willing to learn and listen.

Oh, um, I am definitely willing to do that; I am kind of desperate to get this job." She blushes a bit from her confession.

"Jenna"

I'm in a bit of trouble when it comes to paying the bills.

"Mr. J"

Ok Jenna, first things first, I need to see what I have to work with, so please strip off all of your clothes.

"Jenna"

Uh... okay.

"Jenna hesitates, then slowly begins to take off her blouse, revealing her white bra."

"Mr. J nods approvingly, encouraging her to continue."

"Mr. J

Looking good so far, you definitely have a beautiful body.

"Jenna blushes again as she continues to undress, eventually revealing her white panties."

"Jenna"

Thank you...

"Mr. J"

You definitely have a nice figure, but the most important is how you look naked.

"Jenna"

I'm not sure I'm ready for that... but I want this opportunity, so I'll do it.

"Mr. J"

Good, you will have to overcome a lot of barriers to work here, so getting naked in front of me is a good start, and I assure you when you get your first paycheck, you won't regret it.

"Jenna"

Ok, I understand.

"As Jenna strips off her bra and panties, Mr. J can feel how excited he gets from watching this shy young lady stripping naked in front of him.

"As she finally stands before him completely naked, he starts to inspect her body closer; he likes what he sees. Especially the surprise at her crotch. He did not expect this shy, timid girl to be clean-shaven down there, as well as everywhere else.

This was it for now; please feel free to tell me what you think in the comments. I accept all criticism, both good and bad. (Please be civil, though.)

P.S. I don't know how to attach multiple images on one page, so the next art will be right below

*001*2024-11-25 21:36

&&

