Wetting the bed? At this age?

Author: Soggysheets

*000*2019-09-11 08:17

18 years old and three weeks out of high school, and this happens..

Jake woke up on his 3rd week of freedom and felt rather strange, he felt.. cold.. and wet? He bolted out of bed staring at the yellow stain on his bed in disbelief. He looked at the clock, it said 6:30am, he sighed in relief as his parents and younger brother would still be asleep. Quickly he straps his bed and flips the mattress, changing out his sheets to a spare set. He hadnt wet the bed since he was still in diapers and couldn't understand how this could have happened, he chooses to put it out his mind for now and goes about his day as normal, playing video games all day, that's all he really planned to do until he started college. He and his parents agreed it was fair that he take a year off before college to just enjoy himself.

As the clock reads 11:45pm he decides to turn in. He wakes in the morning, with a familiar and disturbing feeling beneath him. Wet again! And this time he doesn't have a set of spare sheets and it's already late in the day. He starts to panic, realizing he probably can't hide this anyway. He straps the bed again and brings the sheets to the laundry room in front of his family. He parents ask him about it and he answers honestly, his brother doesn't laugh or make fun of him as he's 14 and he still wets the bed every night, wearing good nites.

After several more days of this he gets desperate and steals a good nite from his brothers room hoping it will be enough. It's not. He soaks the pull up with his adult size bladder and it leaks everywhere. Defeating the purpose entirely. He wakes up and looks down at his soaked pull up and bed and begins to cry. His mom walks in and sees what's happened and offers him a choice as she's tired of washing his sheets and she's worried about her son. She'll get him properly sized diapers but if he doesn't wear them he has to skip his leap year and go right back to college. He reluctantly accepts her proposal.

In the mean time before the diapers arrive in the mail she gives him a pair of plastic pants and a few of his brothers pull ups. His mom, being the helicopter type picks out cute adult diapers for him, crinklz. When they arrive he is mortified by the cute cartoon characters. Why couldn't she have gotten ones that didn't have that stuff on them he thought. For the first 3 nights he attempts to put them on himself but he fails to put the tapes on correctly leaking everywhere. As he's pulling out a diaper, blushing all the while his mom walks in.

"Sweetheart, I know your 18 and that your an adult but I can tell that you aren't putting the diaper on right.." there's a very awkward silence as she finishes. Jake breaks the silence with a very quiet "yeah...". She then offers " well until you get the hang of it.. would you mind if I did it? I know it's a bit weird you being 18 and all but I diapered you for several years as a baby and you know we diaper your brother on long car trips.". Jake just above a whisper says "OK you can.. uhh. Change me."

The change is quiet and uneventful. The next morning for the first time in nearly 2 weeks Jake wakes up and his bed is Dry! He jumps out of bed and runs over to his family to share the news. "Umm.. bro.. look down." Jake looks down and is devastated to realize his diaper is soaked and yellow. He blushes hard and without thinking has an accident right there, in front of his family. Completely mortified he runs back to his bedroom sopping diaper beneath him and begins to cry. Wondering how only a few weeks ago he was normal and now he's wetting every single night. He begins to think and can't understand what it could be. He wets again while crying completely collapsing to the floor in his nearly leaking diaper. Suddenly everything goes black.

Jake awakens in bed, soaked in pee but groggy from his nightmare. He had never wet the bed before.. and he hopes..he truly hopes... he never wets the bed again.

