Master and Servant: A Redux

Author: Sunny

*000*2018-11-20 05:28

Greetings everyone! I've been on and off this site for the last couple years, mainly just for story writing purposes. I've had new ideas and passions coming and going, not to mention some serious writers block, moving states, and having my old laptop die on me. I've settled, bought a new one, and have been writing for NanoWimo this month. The story I was working on just didn't have the flow I wanted to and to see if I could jog anything, I went reading through some of my older work.

Master and Servant was one of the longest stories I'd ever written and I about punched myself when I realized how long I'd left it, and the way I'd left it unfinished. I've been thinking it over for a few days, and I realized that I really want to give it a proper ending. There are things I would change and do differently, so I decided the only fair thing to do was to give it another try and re-write it. Let me know what you guys think, I want to hear feedback and ideas to help grow and change as a writer...especially one who indulges a pissing fetish Hope you guys enjoy! The first chapter is a long one, reader beware!

Ch. 1: Let the Games Begin

Hermione Granger could pinpoint the exact date and time when her little habit had formed. She was eleven years old, the second Tuesday of November that year. On Halloween she’d been trapped in the girl’s loo and nearly had her head taken off by a troll. Since then, she found that every time she tried to use one of the girl’s toilets, her heart began to pound in her chest and her bladder quiver in her belly. She would rather, and many times nearly did, release its contents right outside the door than go inside. The fear she had was terrible, making her feel cold, clammy, and sick every time she so much as thought as going to the ladies’ room.

It led to hours of agony, holding her water in her belly until it ached, only letting her pee flow when she was safe inside her dorm at Gryffindor Tower. Many times, she’d barely made it there, but letting all she held inside always felt so, so good. She would sit there on the porcelain throne, or stand in front with her legs spread wide the times she was a little too late, and her urine would spray from her like a waterfall. The agony would end, replaced with a euphoria so great she would moan and tremble.

Oddly enough, she preferred it the times where her need was just a little too desperate. When her belly would throb, and her pee would spurt into her panties before she was even in her dorm, sending tendrils of urine down her thighs as she hurried up the stairs to her place of salvation. The times where she had her hands between her legs, skirt soaking up the constant bursts of wet heat from between her legs as she opened the bathroom door. What choice did she have but to let go right there in front of the toilet? She would moan as her pee soaked her panties, her skirt, her socks and shoes…the puddle would be so massive that the only thing that saved her from utter humiliation was her ability to perform advanced cleaning spells.

As the days since the troll attack wore on, the number of accidents she had in front of the toilet grew. She liked it more, she admitted secretly to herself, to feel the pee burst uncontrollably down her legs. Once, she’d held it far too long and had an absolutely glorious pee right in the corridor on the second floor near the library. Another time, when the toilet had been occupied and she was already bursting, she crawled into bed and pissed the blankets until the were sopping. She laid there, panting in the wetness, realizing how badly she liked it. It gave her such pleasure to pee herself, made her girlhood tingle in ways she never had felt before. And, being a witch of inquisitive mind, she endeavored to explore these new pleasures.

She let her experiments move from the privacy of the bathroom, or her bed, and out into the castle. Over the years, she learned her limits and pushed them, holding for hours until she burst. She learned places in the castle, or on the grounds, where she could pee unseen. That was always her favorite, to pee in the open. The fantasy that someone could happen upon her, even though she took precautions against it, gave her more pleasure than when she first discovered she liked to wet her knickers. She learned, as all teenage girls do, the best ways to give her body the pleasure it craved. She noticed that craving enhance greatly as her bladder filled, and it opened up new avenues for wetting and for pleasure. However, the last thing she ever expected was to be discovered.

###

Draco Malfoy had never paid Hermione Granger much mind. She was Mudblood, of little consequence. But, one day after Halloween their first year, he noticed something peculiar about the girl. They were in History of Magic, where minds tended to wander, and students fell asleep. His father would never allow the latter, but a wandering mind was something he just could not help in such a dull subject. He was thinking on its dullness when movement caught his eye. Granger was two rows up, at the corner desk, and she couldn’t sit still. It always gave Draco a secret, naughty, thrill of pleasure to see his classmates squirm the way Hermione Granger was squirming. He knew immediately what it was for and why, and always secretly wished to see a golden puddle form under their chairs. The girl had his full attention for the rest of the lesson. The way she tapped her feet, wiggled her hips, and crossed her legs. It was a perfect potty dance going unnoticed by anyone but him.

She clearly had to go quite badly, he realized with a thrill, as by the end of the lesson she was holding herself and rocking in her seat. Why she didn’t just raise her hand to be excused was beyond him. Binns never cared if students asked. In fact, students often asked to use the toilet and just never came back. But then, Draco realized that he’d never seen her ask to use the toilet. She was such a little know-it-all that she’d never waste precious class time with something as inane as emptying her bladder. At least, that was what he assumed.

Class ended with her dry, much to Draco’s displeasure and he left with his friends to his next class, one he shared with the Ravenclaws. He supposed Hermione would rush to the toilet, barely making it in time to pull her knickers down even though it was just across the hall. Maybe they would even be a little wet by the time she did. He found his thoughts drifting back to her potty dance throughout the day, feeling a nagging itch he didn’t quite know how to answer. He never imagined that by dinner, the squirming girl would catch his attention again.

He almost missed his mouth with his fork when he spotted her across the Great Hall. She was pale, a thin sheen of sweat covering her forehead, her whole body tight and trembling. There was no way she was still holding it all in, there couldn’t be. It had been hours since History of Magic, and she’d been about to burst. And yet, there she was, shaking with obvious need. How her friends or anyone else in the room wasn’t noticing was beyond him. He had to get a closer look, and tormenting Potter and Weasley would provide the perfect opportunity. He glanced at the Teacher’s Table, grinning to see them occupied in some discussion, and got up from his dinner to saunter over to the Gryffindor Table.

“Well, well, well,” he drawled “Potter. Congratulations on defeating a Mountain Troll. I have to wonder, what were you doing in a Girls’ Loo to fight it? Already turning into a peeper, are you?”

Harry and Ron both went red with embarrassment and anger, immediately firing off their mouths with blundering threats of physical abuse. He cared little for their tirade, he was watching Hermione out of the corner of his eye. And oh, what a treat.

She was absolutely busting, legs tightly crossed and holding herself discretely under her skirt, her robe hiding the action. He could see it though, because he was looking for it. She was rocking back and forth, subtly and watching the argument with increasing worry. Was she worried, he wondered, that her friends would be in trouble or was it that she was about to pee her panties right there at the table? He smirked, and drawled more careless insults, lengthening her agony. Her fidgeting increased, rocking fast and uncrossing and re-crossing her legs. She bent forward a little, and he noticed how much paler she’d gotten. He’d have gone on at length, insulting Harry’s dead mother and Ron’s fat one, except that Professor McGonagall had started in their direction. He wrapped it up and continued off, disappointed that he hadn’t gotten to see Hermione lose it.

He left the Great Hall, intending on heading to the library so he could finish up a little homework without Crabbe and Goyle pestering him. He didn’t see Hermione leave just behind him, but he did hear a horrified gasp in the corridor as headed toward the staircase. Being tucked behind a stone wall, he peeked back behind him to see its cause. It was Christmas! Hermione Granger was standing in the middle of the empty corridor, hands between her legs and frozen stiff. His stomach did excited backflips as he watched her tremble.

“Oh no…! Oh no oh no…” she whimpered, dancing back and forth on the red carpet. Her thighs pressed together, hands clenching tight between her legs. Draco felt his face flush, cold shivers trembling through him as he watched. She was going to do it. She was actually going to have an accident.

“Ah…ah..!” Hermione gasped, looking down in horror as her legs snapped apart, putting an end to her dance.

Pssssssssssssstt….!

Her water thundered in the corridor, spraying so hard into the carpet that it bounced back and splashed onto her shoes.

“Aaaahhh….” Hermione sighed as she flooded the hall, her skirt and the carpet darkening as her thick golden stream only continued to flow. How could one person, one little girl, possibly hold so much liquid inside her? Either way, Draco loved the look on her face. She liked it, she really liked it. It felt good to let all that pee out…It must have been over two minutes that she emptied herself when the torrent turned into a little trickle and then stopped. Hermione trembled on weak knees, pulling her wand out to clean her lake and her skirt. She sighed, looking all around before heading forward toward the stairs.

That was strange to him. What normal girl holds her bladder all day long until she’s bursting, has the biggest accident in the universe in the middle of the hall, and just shrugs it off? He had assumed she would have at least started to cry. Either way, Hermione Granger had marked herself as interesting, and he decided to pay her some special attention. He wasn’t left disappointed over the next week. He watched her closely, and she never once went to the toilets during the day. She would drink at all her meals and spend the day fidgeting and holding until she was bursting. He never saw her wet again that week, but he had put together at the very least the only place she peed was in the Gryffindor Tower. She would always go there directly when she found her limit.

It became an obsession to him, over the years, watching her most secret moments. He followed her around the castle and the grounds, whenever she ducked into her hidden places. From abandoned halls and classes, quiet courtyards on the grounds, she would always piss the ocean that had been held up inside her. She never, ever went to the toilet. It led to two conclusions, the first being that Hermione Granger did this on purpose. She liked to wet herself, and around thirteen the fact she’d started to pleasure herself after or during her wets made that conclusion obvious. The second was that Draco himself took no higher pleasure than watching her displays. How perverse on both accounts, he mused as he filled a Pocket Pensive he’d purchased over the summer before 4th year with his memories of her pleasured wettings.

With the thrill of the World Cup passing, it was the thought of the coming year that made him giddy. Hermione had wet herself running from the Death Eaters, he was almost certain. When Harry and his friends had rushed into the clearing he’d been waiting in. He’d sassed them, watching how Hermione danced in the background, then doubled over. They never noticed how pee sprayed down against the ground, they were too angry at him or horrified at the treatment of muggles. But he’d seen. And better, Hermione’s eyes had locked with his when it happened. She knew he’d seen. He had something on her, and he knew what he wanted to do with it. All he needed was to catch her one more time, and he knew just how to do it.

###

Admittedly, Hermione was worried Draco would have laughed at her right there in the clearing, pointing out her accident to her friends. The fact he hadn’t made her increasingly worried. There was no way he hadn’t noticed. He’d stared right at her as she soaked her jeans. It hadn’t been her intention to wet like that, but the Death Eaters had attacked right before she could slip into the woods and soak herself in private. It wasn’t her fault, or Draco’s really, that he’d seen her. Still, going into the next year with knowing he’d seen her and nothing to resolve it made her uneasy. But what was she to do? It’s not like she could confront him and ask him not to tell anyone she’d wet her pants.

She saw him at Platform Nine and Three-Quarters boarding the train with his friends. Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy Parkinson, Blaise Zambini, and Theodore Nott were all in a group and chatting. They all leered at Harry as they walked by, but none looked at her. None except Draco. Heat tinted her cheeks and she looked away. He definitely had seen, but he hadn’t shared it with his friends. Why? Something so embarrassing would be fuel for the other Slytherins, and even the fussier Ravenclaws who hated her for her high grades. He had no issue tormenting Harry all last year for only fainting when Dementors came near. The whole of Slytherin house at the very least should have been laughing at her by now.

They found their compartments on the train and Hermione felt a surge of need pulse in her bladder. Oh no she thought, already sitting next to the window as the train gave a loud horn blow, signaling its departure. She’d planned to empty her bladder before they got on the train, there were so many little hide aways in Kings Cross to do it. But she’d been caught up in conversation and then caught up in her anxieties when she saw Malfoy. There’d been no time for her to sneak back off the train and hide behind the information booth for the Hogwarts Express. She could have let loose there and got back on the train with no one the wiser…

Her bladder throbbed again and she shifted in her seat. She couldn’t outright hold herself and dance like she needed to as her full bladder continued to give her signals. She, Harry, and Ron were all talking seriously about the Dark Mark and the show of Death Eaters at the World Cup. Harry admitted he’d been having nightmares and pains in his scar. This was no time for her bladder to be begging for relief. She suggested Harry write to Sirius, if only to ease his worries and give him something to do while she trembled with need. It was so bad…she had to go so bad.

As Harry pulled out pen and parchment, a sudden burst of heat warmed her panties. Hermione bit her lower lip, pressing her thighs together, but with everyone in the room it was all she could do to hold the flood back. It wasn’t quite enough. Another burst of pee bloomed in her knickers again, then another, and another, and another. Her thighs were wet and she felt the seat cushion she was sitting on grow wet. Thankfully, she’d had the sense to pull her skirt out from under her when she felt her needs grow urgent. It was soaking her liquid well, but it wouldn’t hold it all. If she fully lost control, everything would run down the front of the bench and puddle on the floor. Ron and Harry would see, they’d know…She bit the inside of her cheek as another trickle of pee soaked into the seat. She had to get up and find somewhere on the train, and now.

“I’ll be right back” Hermione said, not giving a reason but her company didn’t much mind. She set her newspaper on her seat, hiding the stain there, and headed out of the compartment. She dared to give herself a little squeeze once she was alone. The only place that came to mind was the baggage car, they were closer than the toilets were. She hurried down to the end of the train, paling as she felt more spurts of pee warm her wet panties, trickles running down her legs. She hoped she was moving too fast through the students going from compartment to compartment, visiting this friend and that, for anyone else to notice.

By the time she had shut herself in the baggage car, she was leaking constantly.

“Oh my God, oh my God…!” she squealed, her hand buried in her skirt, wetness soaking through it and wetting her hand.

“My, my, my,” Drawled an all too familiar voice. Shock and panic made her moans of need die in her throat. She even stopped wetting for a moment. Draco Malfoy was sitting on top of the first group of trunks, grinning from ear to ear.

“M-Malfoy, what are you…?! Ah..Oh..!” she questioned, legs quivering as her bladder throbbed, another stream dribbling out. She crossed her legs, both hands clenching into her girlhood to stop the flow.

“Looks like someone really needs a wee,” Draco smirked, “why don’t you just do what you did at the World Cup? You needed a wee then, too.”

“N-no I can’t…What’re you doing in here, I…Aah..haaa….oh Merlin…” Hermione was doing her best to avoid the inevitable, but another burst a pee soaked down her legs, sprinkling onto the metal floor below her. Draco’s grin got even wider.

“Looks like you can, and you’re already doing it,” he smirked, “Why don’t you let it all out, hm? It’ll feel so good…Doesn’t it always just feel so good, Granger?”

How did he know? Why did he know? What was going on? She could hardly string two thoughts together while her bladder burned in her belly and her heart pounded with anxiety in her chest. She couldn’t pee in front of Draco Malfoy! She just couldn’t! But…oh she couldn’t help it anymore. Her bladder was so past its limit, and every little dribble felt so good like he said…

“Aah…ahh..! I can’t…I can’t hold it!” she cried out, gasping with shock and shame as a strong torrent of pee burst into her skirt, splashing loudly onto the metal.

“Oh no!” she cried again when another burst through her fingers, then another. She was peeing right there, in front of Malfoy and pleasure was still coiling in her belly. He smirked wider and she completely lost it with a cry, a wave of pleasure crashing through her as a full gush of pee released. It was hot and fast and her muscles felt like jelly, unable to clench against the flood.

Psssshhhh…!

The sound echoed loudly as her pee splashed against the metal, puddling around her.

“Aah…haa….ahhhhhh…” she gasped, gulping air as she sighed with relief. She closed her eyes tightly, not wanting to watch the grin Draco eyed her with. Her release felt too good to worry with him for the moment. Minutes past and she still released her water until only a trickle remained. For long moments more, the only sound between them was a soft dripping from her soaked panties and skirt into the massive puddle she made. Draco adjusted his pants and jumped down off the trunks, giddy as he splashed into the puddle below. The sound made Hermione jump. She looked at him with wide, almost frightened eyes.

“Looks like that felt real good, Granger,” he smirked, “you like wetting your knickers, don’t you?”

“I…” she started, the haze of relief fading from her eyes, replaced with a narrowed look, gulping a touch, “Look…I didn’t mean…I really had to go…The toilets had a line, and…”

“Oh spare me,” Draco scoffed, cutting her off “you’ve been holding it till you burst since first year. You never piss in the loo like a normal person. You find places you think you’re alone and flood the place.”

Hermione’s jaw nearly joined her puddle on the floor.

“How do you..? How could you possibly…!?”

“You were never alone as you thought you were,” he smirked “I’ve been watching the whole time.”

“You…you sick pervert!” she snapped, snarling as her hand went to her wand.

“Now, now,” he said, pulling his own faster, “there’s no need for that. I’m not going to tell anyone.”

“Why?” she demanded, wand still in hand.

“I want to play a little game,” he said “and I think you’d like to play too.”

“And why’s that?” she growled.

“Because you like to pee yourself, and I like to watch,” he grinned

“I’m not going to let you watch me pee!” she snapped

“I’ve been watching,” he said “and if you won’t play along, I’ll let everyone know.”

“You fucking—”

“Oh, such language from Little Miss Perfect,” he laughed

“Shut up!” she snapped, sparks flying out of her wand. Draco flicked his own, his disarming spell finding its mark since she was so enraged.

“Listen here,” he said “I have a whole Pensive of memories of you pissing your panties and diddling off in the wet. If you don’t agree, everyone will see it and think you’re the sick pervert. Do you understand?”

“Blackmailing little shit,” she growled, hands balling at her sides. He just chuckled, not caring at all.

“So,” he continued, “I want to play a little game…lets call it Master and Servant.”

“If you think for one minute I’m going to serve you like some maid, you’ve got another thing coming!” she snapped

“Oh please, I have house elves for that,” he said, noting her enraged expression with pleasure, “No, no…but I’m going to be the master of your bladder. I want you to come and get me if you need a wee, and you’ll only get to go if I say so. If not, or if you have an accident, you’re in for a punishment. How’s that sound?”

“That sounds terrible! You sick pervert, I’ll never agree to this!”

“Well, obviously I’d want you to agree,” he mused “but if you don’t I have the blackmail. Either way I get what I want. But before you get too angry, think it over. You like pissing yourself. You love it, I’d dare to say. And I like to watch you do it. How many guys do you think are gonna be into that? Most people would think that’s perfectly disgusting.”

Hermione scowled, crossing her arms. She hated that he had a point. And she had, very secretly, wished someone would watch her. Take pleasure in her pleasure, watching her pee. Maybe even let her sit on a lap as her bladder burst…She swallowed the sour taste in her mouth.

“So,” she said tersely “you’re saying that if I do as you ask, you won’t tell anyone I wet myself?”

“No indeed,” he smiled, “I’d rather let this play out for as long as I’m interested.”

“And when you’re bored?” she asked

“Well, if you play along nicely, I may not tell everyone you’re filthy girl that likes to piss her knickers,” he smiled wickedly. Hermione huffed, considering her options. She didn’t have many. She was a wet mess, caught in her own puddle by none other than one of the nastiest brats Hogwarts held within its castle walls. And yet…she found his offer strangely appealing.

“You swear you won’t say anything if I play along?” she asked

“Cross my heart and hope to die,” he grinned. Hermione’s scowl grew, her foot tapping impatiently in her puddle as she mulled it over.

“I want some conditions,” she said, making Draco grin wider.

“Like what?”

“I don’t want to wet where others will see it,” she said, “you can see, but that’s it.”

“Fine,” he agreed, “anything else?”

“I’m not going to do anything…sexual as a punishment,” she said, heat tinting her cheeks.

“Ugh,” Draco scoffed “no, you misunderstand. I still hate you. I still think you’re disgusting Mudblood. I’d never touch you or have any type of feelings. I just like watching you piss.”

“Good,” Hermione said coolly, “that was going to be my third condition.”

Draco had to laugh at her gumption, hands going into his pockets. She really was something, standing there in a puddle with pissed panties and a wet skirt, so defiant. It was part of the reason she was so very interesting.

“So, you agree?” he asked triumphantly.

“I agree,” she said with an irritated huff, “but you better not go back on your word or I’ll hex you so hard you’ll have to eat through a straw for the rest of your life!”

He laughed again, such a fierce little thing! He liked this situation very much.

“Now, now, that’s no way to talk to your Master…”

“If you think I’m gonna call you that—”

“I do, and you will, or Draco, or else you’re gonna get punished.”

She scowled.

“Fine, Draco…” she growled, “if you’re through, I’m going back to my compartment.”

“Dripping wet?” he smirked, making her blush. Before she could retrieve her wand from where his spell had flung it, he cast his own cleaning charms. Her panties warmed and dried between her legs, her socks and skirt as well. The puddle followed next and it was like it never happened.

“There, now you can’t say I’m not a nice master, can you?” he teased, moving to grab her wand for her. She snatched from his hand and turned heel, her bushy hair smacking him in the face.

“One more thing” he said before she opened the door, “make sure you order a fizzy pumpkin juice from the trolley, and drink at least four goblets at dinner. Don’t pee before you go to bed, and meet me on the fourth floor, the unused classroom near the Charms classroom. You know the one, you piss in there when you’ve overheld it.”

“Fine!” she snapped, reddening when he mentioned a favorite wetting spot of hers. The knowledge unnerved her, adding fact to the story he told. She stormed out of the baggage car, fuming with anger. Draco was left chuckling at his own brilliant idea and took a long moment to reward himself with a little pleasure, fueling it with her most recent release.

*015*2018-12-17 00:37

Hello hello my friends! Sorry for the long wait, but I do tend to take my time with my writing. This chapter turned out pretty long! Hermione didn't exactly play the way I thought she would, and its really fun seeing how the characters will take direction. Let me know what you think! And as always, if there's any suggestions or anything you think would be fun to add to the story, let me know! I'll work in what I can. Enjoy the chapter!

Ch. 2: A Puddle in the Fire

Hermione went back to her car, fuming angrily. Draco Malfoy was the lowest scum on the face of the planet. And yet…his offer made her stomach flip and flutter in a most pleasant way. It did nothing except add to her irritation of course. Still, she couldn’t say that his demands and the game that would ensue wouldn’t be interesting. She’d composed herself by the time she returned to her seat, making a slight face when she sat in the cold evidence of her previous leaking. Harry and Ron were finishing up their summer homework and didn’t notice. She scolded them half heartedly for waiting too long to finish, but then helped them through like she did every year.

They were discussing Snape’s potions essay when the Trolley Witch came by and Hermione flushed a little, thinking of Draco’s demands. A fizzing pumpkin juice, and all those goblets at dinner…She’d be squirming late into the night. She ordered her drink and sipped it, realizing Draco never did specify when to meet. He said not to pee before she went to bed…surely he didn’t mean for her to hold all that all night? It was simply impossible. For one, her bladder couldn’t hold all that for so long.

And for two, her bed had become something of a place of emergency relief. If she couldn’t get into the toilet, and she’d be well into leaking in most cases, she would rush to her bed and relieve herself in the covers. If she really had to go and she was in bed, her body would just let it happen. The few times she’d tried to go to bed with a full bladder, she woke up the next morning in wet sheets. As she finished her pumpkin juice, she realized with a turn of embarrassment that she’d have to find Draco and explain this in order to avoid a punishment.

“What’s wrong?” Harry asked, noticing her blushing and troubled expression.

“What? Oh its nothing Harry…I was just second guessing some of my answers on our Charms homework…see if you invert the wand movement while pronouncing the vowels, the spell is actually cast stronger, but that’s not how its written in the text book so---”

“Don’t worry about it,” Ron said offhandedly “Flitwick doesn’t care about that kinda stuff. He’ll probably just give you extra credit again.”

“I hope so,” Hermione said, feigning worry. It was nice that Harry was observant about her emotions and Ron would jump to try and comfort her, but she wished they’d be just a little less astute for once when it came to her. If either of them found out that she liked to pee…Merlin, she wouldn’t know what to do about that. She shook the thought from her mind and helped the boys finish their work until they arrived at school.

It had been only a couple hours since the she’d drank the pumpkin juice, but already it was making itself known in her bladder. They long walk to the horseless carriages and the bumpy ride that followed did little to help matters. She wasn’t sure if it was nerves or her muscles being worn from her previous hold, but by the time they were seated in the Great Hall, she was already a little bit fidgety. And she still had four goblets to drink…

###

Draco spent his train ride in smug satisfaction, belittling Crabbe and Goyle for their poor attempts at their summer work. He helped them all the same, but he made sure they knew how dumb they were and how they would be failing right out of the institution without him. All they could do was agree and thank him in their dull, thudding voices. It was easy enough to help them and think about the upcoming year. Yes, the Triwizard Tournament his father told him about would be entertaining enough, but more than that he was looking forward to playing with his new toy. He wondered if she’d listened, if she’d had her juice already. He wondered if she could already feel it swirling in her bladder, or if a girl with her holding abilities would even feel one drink by then.

He got his answer in the Great Hall, eyes drifting magnetically to the Gryffindor Table. He smirked. She was nervous, he could see it on her face. The way her eyes shifted, how she nibbled her lip, the fake conversations with her friends she was managing. And, oh, there it was! She was wiggling from left to right, just a little. Draco grinned, enjoying his meal with his show across the way. Hermione’s brown eyes found his own, and he grinned further as he watched them widen in surprise.

That’s right, Granger…I’m watching you. He thought as he raised his own glass pointedly before taking a sip. The way she blushed made his stomach tighten, but obediently she began to drink. All through dinner, she drank her four goblets, and all through dinner the fidgeting increased. By the time the desserts were cleared, she was bouncing her leg and squirming. It was interesting, he had to admit, he didn’t think she’d be so desperate again so soon. She wouldn’t be able to hold it through the night if she was already like that. Had he misjudged her? He knew she could hold for hours, he’d seen it. A memory of a day last year came to him, clearing the doubt from his mind.

Hermione had been fidgeting at breakfast, he recalled. She was already desperate when she came down from the Gryffindor Tower. He watched her through the morning, through lunch, and for the first class after. That class had been Herbology, one that Hermione often wet in when she could find a private moment, which came often during their workshopping time. After all, with the soil and watering tins, no one would notice a puddle on the ground. Draco could tell she barely could wait till they split into their work groups. She had been crossing her legs and discretely holding herself through the theory. Twice she’d gone very still and pulled her skirt aside. Twice he saw liquid drip down her stool and onto the floor, the second much more than the first. By the time Sprout had given them permission to set up, she was shaking in her seat.

She offered immediately to get soil for her group and hurried to the back of the greenhouse. Draco, of course, elected to participate in the same chore. He watched her go right past the soil bins, to a large collection of potted plants with her wand already in hand. She didn’t even spread her legs or groan the way he knew she liked, but he heard the violent rush of water as she emptied her bladder down her legs. She sighed deeply when she’d finished, cleaned herself up and went about getting the soil. Draco had almost been disappointed, but he found that by the next few classes, she was fidgety again. By the time she’d finished dinner, she was hurrying off to a corridor near the Great Hall and he got to see another, albeit smaller, puddle on the ground. Perhaps she’d held that first wee for too long, he thought, and the next made her have a little less control. Could that be the trouble now? He grinned, hoping it was indeed.

After the Feast had ended, he made his way out of the Great Hall, Hermione in his peripheral vision. She had her eye on him too, almost looking eager. She wanted to speak to him, he realized, and so he caught her eye before walking out. He waited by one of the statues by the staircase and sure enough, Hermione came out not long after. He watched her pause, looking left and right before catching sight of him. She looked left and right again to make sure no one else was around before approaching.

“Something the matter?” Draco drawled, smirking. Heat was in her cheeks again and the embarrassed, resentful look on her face was endearing. She scowled, pressing her legs together.

“I’ve been considering your demands from earlier,” she said

“My orders, you mean” he smiled, correcting her, “go on. What about them?”

“They’re impossible,” she said, “I can’t hold it that long, until morning.”

“It’s not so much,” Draco said, “Just five drinks. I’ve watched drink twice as much and hold it all day. Unless there’s something else you have to say on the matter, I’m not changing my order.”

“Ugh,” she huffed, shifting from foot to foot, “It’s…well…I already have to go.”

“So hold it,” he grinned, loving her fussy little potty dance.

“I can’t hold it like this all night Mal—Draco,” she said, embarrassment creeping into her tone.

“Why not?” he asked, dying to know what it was. She already admitted to having to pee again, so what could be more embarrassing? He had to know.

“Because, I’ll wet, I just told you I can’t hold it through the night. And I know you can’t have watched that, you can’t get in our common room!” she was frustrated, annoyed, and embarrassed. Draco felt a rush of excitement at what she was suggesting.

“Do you still wet your bed, Miss Granger?” he drawled, “like a little girl?”

Oh the look on her face was to die for. A heated blush, her jaw dropping open, and an almost angry sort of embarrassment furrowed her brows.

“No! Its not like that, I don’t…I don’t always—”

“Oh but you do sometimes?” he chuckled “do you have protective pants, perhaps?”

“Oh shut your mouth, no! It’s not like that! I…I’m used to…I go in bed if I can’t get into the toilet okay? If I really need to go and I’m in bed, it just…I just…I can’t help it!” she exclaimed, the embarrassment and anger at having to explain it mounting in her expression. Draco could hardly contain his glee.

“So you’re telling me, when you’re at your limit and you can’t find a place to piss yourself, you go up to the Tower…and if that toilet is occupied, and you’re already bursting, you soak your bed?” he smirked.

“Yes,” she sighed, shoulders sagging a bit, defeated, “So, you see I can’t help it if I really need to go.”

“You wet your bed on purpose.” He said, shaking his head “you kinky little witch.”

“For the millionth time, shut up” she grumbled in response, cheeks still dark.

“Watch your mouth,” Draco scolded firmly, making her go tense, “I’m considering my options with you. How badly do you have to pee right now? From 1 out of 10 let say, one being not at all.”

“A six at least…nearly a seven,” she said slowly, thinking about it, “but…it will get worse quickly.”

“And why’s that?” he asked

“Because you made me drink all these drinks and I already held a lot…That…what happened in the baggage car was the first time I’d peed all day.” And it had been well into the afternoon, Draco recounted. He smiled.

“So before you’re in bed, you’re gonna be bursting,” he concluded.

“Right,” she said, shifting from foot to foot again, he could tell she was thinking about how much she needed to pee.

“Well, then you’ll need to come get me before hand,” he said with a simple shrug, “After all, those are the basic rules. If you need to have a pee, you need to come to me first.”

“But,” she fussed, “but I’ll be in my common room, you’ll be in your common room. It’ll be after hours.”

“Merlin you’re such a goody two shoes,” he chuckled, making her scowl. And shift her legs again. Her hands curled into her skirt, not quite holding herself, “I think I have a solution.”

“And what is that?” she asked irritably. Draco pulled out a little silk pouch from his robes.

“Floo Powder,” he said, handing it to her, “you’ll use it to call me in the Slytherin Common room fire place from your common room after everyone has gone to bed. I’ll wait. I’ll tell you what to do from there.”

“Sometimes Gryffindors stay down there until after midnight!” she exclaimed, looking horrified “I won’t be able to hold it that long!”

“Then you better find a way to clear your Common room,” he smirked, “I’ll be waiting Granger. Good luck.”

She groaned and Draco turned to head down to the Slytherin dorms. This was shaping up to be the best first night back he’d had.

###

Hermione could not believe the nerve of him! She headed up the stairs, careful to skip the fake ones. Her bladder was already giving her pleas to be emptied, her nerves weren’t helping matters in the slightest. How was she supposed to make sure everyone was out of the common room before she wet her knickers? Before Draco gave her permission? It wasn’t like she was a prefect or anything. Her only hope was that her dormmates would be too tired from the feast and travel to stay up late and go to bed.

Unfortunately, as luck would have it, they were not in such a mood. Fred and George brought snacks and drinks upstairs and everyone was excitedly talking about their summer events. Largely this consisted of the World Cup and the terrifying Death Eater march that followed. Hermione was glad to be away from the conversation, sitting at a corner table with her legs cross and her hand buried between her thighs. It was past eleven and her bladder was throbbing for release. The toilet upstairs was calling to her, though she knew in the state she was in that if she decided to hurry up the stairs she’d end up wetting the carpeting. Or her bed, if she was lucky. At least with the table as a cover and the book she was pretending to read, she could cross her legs, squirm, and hold herself all she wanted without attracting attention.

Oh my God…! I have to go…I have to go so bad…She thought, biting her lip against a moan as her bladder sent chills up her body. She moved her hand down her lower stomach, feeling the hard rock of her bladder immediately. Just the slight touch made her gasp and clutch herself again.

It’s about to come out..! Go to bed already!!!

Hermione sat there, trembling as she tightened her grip on her girlhood, her legs tightly crossed as she rocked in her seat. She was right at her limit, a soft whine escaping her lips. She felt it when her urine began to make its way down her urethra, the first drop of pee tickling her hole and teasing relief.

No…! No no no…! Not yet, not yet…!

She pressed her fingers tightly into her hole, leaning forward as best she could without adding more pressure on her bladder. The throbbing increased, making her break out in hot and cold sweats. She tightened her muscles against the flood, but that little teasing droplet was having none of it. It escaped, hot and wet against her finger tips. And, of course, it had friends along for the ride.

“Ah…oh…mmm…!” she gasped in a whisper, biting her lips and holding her breath as an agonizingly slow trickle of pee pooled in her panties. She wanted to give in. Just to spread her legs a little, shift forward on the seat. There was red carpet underneath her, it wouldn’t make much sound. Everyone was loudly talking about the World Cup, no one was paying her any mind. The table was covering her legs, no one would see. She could just go right there…

It would feel so good…

At the thought, a sudden burst of pee exploded against her hand. She gasped softly, going rigid as fresh hot sprayed through her fingers and rolled down her legs. She was right, it wasn’t making much sound. She could hardly hear the hiss of liquid escaping over the talking and it thudded quietly into the carpet below. And…and it felt so, so good. She very nearly lost herself to a full accident, but the fear of whatever punishment Draco would have for her made her clamp her muscles tight and stop mid-stream.

Not…not yet…She thought, taking a shaky breath. She couldn’t do it yet. But she had to admit, she felt significantly better. She could hold out for a bit longer, after that leak. And Draco never said she couldn’t leak. Another hour past, and her dormmates all started to head to bed, one after another. It was past midnight when Fred and George finally left, and she was aching for that final relief. She stood slowly, knees shaking as her body threatened to release her bladder at the movement alone. It took several long moments with both hands between her legs before she could finally take some baby steps to the fire place. She couldn’t stand before it without dancing, and she hoped that Slytherins had all gone to bed. It was bad enough Draco was going to see this, but she couldn’t bare the thought of anyone else in the Slytherin Common Room seeing her potty dancing in the fire.

“S-Slytherin C-Common Room,” she stammered, her need making her voice weak, as she tossed the powder in the flame. She felt a fresh trickle of pee escape when she did, and immediately put that hand back between her legs, bobbing at the knees.

“Ohhhh…I have to go, I have to go…!” she squealed, not even noticing when Draco’s face flickered through.

“Well well, you’re still battling at nearly 1 am,” Draco chuckled, “I’m proud of you, good job.”

“Why…why does that sound…s-so sarcastic…? Jerk….” She gasped, moaning as she danced, legs tangling together around her hands. Draco only laughed.

“You really need to go potty don’t you?” he sneered.

“Obviously!” she gasped, “Please…oh god its coming…Draco, Draco please!”

“Call me Master,” He grinned.

“C’mon, I’m serious…ah…its…its trickling out…”

“If you call me Master, I’ll let you pee. If you pee before I can say you can pee, you’re in trouble,” he threatened in a chilled tone. Hermione whined, more pee visibly soaking her skirt.

“Looks like you’re about to be in trouble,” Draco smirked.

“Mmm…! Please….Please…” she groaned, defiant, she didn’t want to say it. But as another stream trickled down her leg, her body moving into a squat to try and stem the flow, she knew she had no choice.

“Master,” she moaned, rocking on her heels in her squat, “please can I pee?”

“Yes, you can,” Draco said. Did he sound a little breathless? Hermione didn’t care. She pulled her skirt back, exposing her pale purple panties. The center was darkened from her leaking, but it mattered little. A moment later a thick stream of golden liquid arched from the dark, wet fabric and splashed loudly against the stone hearth.

“Aaaaah…” Hermione sighed in pleasure, head falling back. It felt good, so good. Much better than her leak at the desk, much better than giving in and wetting there would have. She peed at length, a large puddle spreading out against the stone and into the fire. She heard Draco gasp softly, but couldn’t bother to wonder why. Her stream began to slow to a trickle and then stopped, her panties dripping the extra liquid they couldn’t hold into the wet stone. She trembled, falling back on her rear end with a soft splash. She was too relieved to hold that squat position any longer, her muscles were jelly.

“What a view,” Draco sighed, and Hermione could only give a half hearted chuckle. She was splayed before him, legs wide with her skirt up against her belly. Her soaked panties were on full display as she sat in her puddle.

“Oh be quiet…” she panted softly, eyes opening slowly to view him. She very nearly smirked beside herself. Even in the fire, she could see how flushed and disheveled he was. Watching her pee turned him on so much. She had that power over him, regardless if she was the “servant” in this sick game he wanted to play.

“Did you enjoy that?” he asked, his tone low and almost trembling. Yes, she definitely had that power over him.

“Did you?” she countered with an almost lazy sass. He chuckled, to her surprise.

“More than you know,” he said softly, an almost embarrassed smile on his lips. She couldn’t stop the giggle coming from her lips.

“I’m not the only one who needs to myself up, am I?” she taunted. Was it the fire, or did he blush? Regardless, he recovered quickly.

“Not at all,” he said smartly, “You pissed so much your puddle came right through the Floo and all over my marble flooring.”

Hermione glanced down at the hearth. The puddle was pretty big, she granted, and it did extend into the fire as well as all over the stone.

“That’s…not possible,” she said, but Draco had a smirk all ready for her and he patted his hand into something on his side of the fire place. It splashed. Loudly, like there was a lot there. Hermione could have burst into flame.

“You sick idiot!!! Don’t touch it!!!” she snapped, sitting up quickly and tucking her legs under herself as she scrambled for her wand. Draco’s loud laughter echoed through the common room as she spelled the floor clean and dumped water on the flames. She could swear she still heard him laughing even after the fire was out.

“What a pervert,” she grumbled, blushing. But still…She couldn’t say she hated it. She couldn’t even say she was annoyed. In the back of her guilty mind, she had enjoyed that every bit as much as she knew Draco did. Her bed was calling to her for another reason, a reason that caused a different type of heat in her belly and a pleasant shiver between her legs. She left her panties wet and hurried upstairs to give herself the new relief her body wanted.

If he’s a pervert, she thought as she drew curtains around her bed and put up a silencing charm, then what on Earth does that make me?

*018*2018-12-27 21:00

Happy Holidays!! I'm glad you guys are enjoying the story so far! I was traveling for the holidays and managed to get this written out. There is a Yule Ball part that I wish I could have gotten to for around the holidays, but with my tendency for slower updates that was definitely not gonna happen lol ^_^" But anyways, here's the next update, enjoy!

Ch. 3: Just Pee Yourself

Hermione woke up the next morning quite satisfied. It was early, but she could hear her dormmates getting ready for the day. The bathroom was occupied, she could hear the shower running. It was the first day of a new term, she was usually giddy about the new lessons and classes she’d be taking. And yet, thoughts of the night before drifted through her mind and made her blush. Would it really be so bad to play this game, even if it was with Draco Malfoy? Last night hadn’t been so bad. In fact, it had been nothing short of amazing if she were being honest with herself. She closed her eyes, thinking about how full she’d been the night before. How full, and how good it felt to let everything out. It felt even better knowing there was someone watching, someone who enjoyed what she did as much as herself.

Mmm…Thinking about it, I kind of want to pee…

Hermione let her hand drift down her belly, massaging gently. She winced, it was tender from all the holding she’d been doing. Pushing herself on the train, and then pushing herself again right after holding so much was a lot for her body. She’d need to take it easy today, and pee when she needed to. Like…maybe right now…She sat up, and her bladder made itself known. There couldn’t be much inside, but she felt it all the same, begging to be released. She pulled up her nightgown, exposing her bare lower half. After she’d pleasured herself in her wet panties, she pulled them off and discarded them to be cleaned later. She spread her legs a little and her body responded without any further prompting.

Psssss...

Hermione watched as her pee sprinkled onto the blankets, spreading against the sheets before absorbing into them. Just as she thought, there wasn’t much to let out. The puddle wasn’t very big, but it still felt good to let it go. She rubbed her stomach again, still feeling tender. She’d have to tell Draco…

Oh no…I wonder if he’ll be angry that I peed without telling…it was just a little bit, and only because my bladder is so sore…

She got up, pulling her blankets over the little puddle she’d made. She got herself up and dressed in her uniform, pulling on a pair of pink panties underneath. Draco wanted to meet in the unused classroom on the fourth floor, by where Charms was always held. He never said not to meet there, so she assumed that’s where she needed to go. She grabbed her things and headed there, hoping Draco would understand her bladder’s needs.

###

Draco couldn’t believe how well the night before went. It didn’t take much prompting for Hermione to call him Master. And she had peed so prettily for him…He cleared his throat, pushing the memory away. He’d put it in his pensieve already of course, but he still couldn’t stop himself from thinking about it. He glanced at his watch, hoping Hermione would arrive soon. He had told her to meet him in this unused classroom after all, just because she wet for him the night before didn’t change that order. Just as he was starting to get a little irritated, the door opened.

“It’s about time,” he scolded when he saw her bushy hair coming through the door, “its not right to keep your master waiting you know.”

“You never said to meet at a specific time,” Hermione said coolly, a looking both defiant and a little embarrassed to see him again. He was pleased with it.

“Alright, whatever,” he said, “so, are you ready for your orders today?”

“About that…”

“Oh come on, you’re not gonna get cold feet after how much fun you had last night,” Draco said with a knowing smirk, “I know you enjoyed it.”

“I’m not saying I didn’t,” Hermione said, surprising Draco with her frankness, “But…see…when I woke up this morning…”

“What, did you wet the bed?” he smirked, teasing. He’d tease that little nugget of information as much as he could, and he was pleased to see a dark blush spreading over her cheeks.

“It’s because my bladder’s worn out…its sore, tender to the touch. I held too much yesterday…”

“Hmm…” Draco mused, considering the information he’d been given, “Well, I don’t want you to break. You’re my new toy after all.”

“I resent that you know,” Hermione said dryly, and Draco smirked.

“Ask me if I care,” he sneered.

“You don’t,” she sighed.

“I don’t,” he confirmed, putting his hands in his pockets, “but like I said, I don’t want you to break. So, whenever you feel like you have to pee, don’t hold it. Go right then.”

“I don’t have to come and get you?” she asked.

“Oh, I’ll see it anyway,” he smirked, “think about how many places you’ll be when the urge strikes…”

“Wait, you mean…if I have to pee, I just…what if I’m in class?!”

“Then your chair is gonna be wet,” he grinned.

“I’m not going to just wet myself in class!” she snapped.

“Like you’ve never before,” he said, rolling his eyes, “I’ve seen you do it. You know how to get away with it.”

Hermione scowled, Draco grinning triumphantly.

“So, are you going to obey me or are you going to be punished?” he asked.

“I don’t exactly have a choice,” she sighed, “and its not like…I’m against it.”

“Of course not,” Draco smirked, “you’re a dirty girl who likes to piss herself.”

Watching Hermione scowl with her blushing face was something that was becoming more and more endearing to him.

“And you’re the sick freak who likes to watch,” she snapped, crossing her arms.

“Your Master, remember? Watch your tone or I’ll punish you for being rude.”

“You threaten that,” she challenged, “but what would you do? If you told everyone about this, you wouldn’t be able to watch me pee anymore.”

“No,” he grinned, “but I could make you drink until your bladder burst. I could make you piss in front of the entire school. I could put you in nappies…”

“You…are so disgusting,” she said, but Draco couldn’t find any depth to it. Her words rejected the idea, but the tone and the look on her face didn’t. She’d love it, he realized. She’d love being so full she thought she’d die. She’d love to stand in front of the whole school and piss herself silly. Maybe she’d even like the nappies, though he doubted she’d ever considered them before.

This game would be more fun than he originally planned.

“Well,” he smiled, “we better get to breakfast. Oh, and when you pee, make sure not to get your panties wet. If you do, you’ll have to come to me for fresh ones.”

“You run around with girls’ panties?” she asked dryly.

“No,” he grinned, giving his wand a flick. A burst of magic energy flung Hermione’s skirt up, and his spell duplicated her panties. They piled up on the floor next to her.

“Hey!” Hermione protested, pulling her skirt back down angrily, which made Draco laugh. It did nothing to change her mood. She huffed and strode out of the room.

“Don’t forget to come get me if you get your panties all wet,” he smirked after her. She slammed the door in response. He had to laugh again. Mudblood or not, Hermione Granger was an interesting girl.

###

Hermione walked down the Great Hall, still pink in the cheeks and irritated. Draco Malfoy was a terror, an absolute nightmare! But…still…the idea of just peeing whenever she felt the need…That was a fine idea. And nice and easy on her bladder too. And, to be fair, she’d always thought of doing something like that. She went to breakfast, finding Ron and Harry both upset about their schedules. When she got hers, she realized why. They had many more classes with Slytherin than usual that year.

Fantastic Hermione thought, sighing herself, He’ll be in all these classes plus Care of Magical Creatures, Arithmancy, and Ancient Runes…

She glanced over at the Slytherin table where Draco had received his schedule. He was grinning like the cat who got the cream. She sighed and put it away. Transfiguration was first of the day, she had to switch her thoughts to school. It wasn’t something hard for her, the moment she put her mind to it she was already mentally revisiting her summer essay. The instant she sat down for the lesson, she was greedily absorbing the new information. She won twenty points for Gryffindor with her perfect answers during the lesson’s theory, and by the time they’d been set to the task of transforming mice into mirrors, she’d nearly forgotten about her orders. Nearly.

She was hard at work at when she felt a little tickle between her legs. It made her freeze in place. She only had one glass of orange juice at breakfast…it shouldn’t have gone through her so quickly. She glanced at the clock, realizing it had been nearly two hours since then. Perhaps it hadn’t been so quick at all. But still, Transfiguration wasn’t normally a class she wet herself in. And its not like she could raise her hand and ask to be excused. She was supposed to pee right when she felt the need, so by all means she should have already been going.

But how am I supposed to do that without getting my panties wet in class? I don’t want to have to go to him after only the first lesson…

Her bladder gave her a small nudge, reminding her that it wanted to be emptied. It didn’t hurt, and it wasn’t urgent, but it was enough to make her bounce her knee a little. She glanced around the room, checking her surroundings. The spell was a difficult one and everyone was focused on it. Professor McGonagall was walking up and down the rows of desks, inspecting their work. Luckily this was one class where she didn’t share bench with others, they were all at individual desks.

Due to Transfiguration being such tricky magic, those desks were spaced far apart from one another, so their spells wouldn’t accidentally mingle. And Professor McGonagall was on the other side of the room. Hermione felt another twinge from between her legs, this one a little more urgent than the last, and her heart hammered in her chest. She…she was going to do it. She was going to go pee. She could hold it if she really wanted to, she knew that, but she was going to pee anyway. In class. Right in the middle of class.

Its fine as long as no one sees me, Hermione thought, taking a nervous breath. She glanced around the room again, double checking to make sure it was safe. McGonagall was bent over Neville’s desk, helping him. Harry and Ron were both frowning with frustration over their own mice. Draco was staring right at her. His eyes were drilling holes into her entire being and she looked away sharply, her heart hammering even faster.

He knows…he knows exactly what I’m about to do…

She had to admit, she didn’t hate it. The excitement mixed with her nervousness and made her bladder all the more antsy to release. She very nearly let it start to come out, but then she remembered her panties were still snug around her bottom. Slowly, she scooted to the very edge of her seat, glancing around again. The movement went unnoticed. She let out another slow, shaky breath and then lifted herself up just a little, so she could slide her panties down. She moved them to her thighs, just barely hidden under the hem of her skirt. She glanced up again, looking around the room. Her eyes caught Draco’s again, his stare making her blush. She looked away, back down at her mice like she was concentrating. She even picked her wand back up. No one would suspect that the brightest witch of her age was slowly and deliberately letting a thin stream of pee dribble out between her legs.

She had to keep it slow, barely a trickle really, or else it would make too much noise in the quiet classroom. The first few drops warmed her girlhood, then spread slowly to the edge of the chair. As she let her urine out, it puddled under her butt before dripping softly onto the stone floor beneath her chair.

Drip drip drop…

Oh no…the dripping is getting louder…I need to finish going quickly…

Hermione bit her lips, weighing her options. The dripping was louder in the puddle on the stone, the longer she let her slow stream trickle, the more likely it was that she’d be found out. She didn’t have much left inside to go, if she pushed it out all at once, it would only be loud for quick moment. She spread her legs just a little wider and pushed down on her bladder.

Pssssssst…!

The hiss wasn’t too loud, but there was enough left to give a respectable stream directly into her little puddle. It splashed, but as Hermione had calculated, not very loudly and not for very long. All in all, her little wetting had only last a little forty-five seconds, and only because she forced it to go slowly at first. She flicked her wand, cleaning the puddle and chair, then slid her panties back up. She shivered, for a moment daring not even to breathe, but then gathered the courage to look up. McGonagall was still helping Neville, her classmates were still hard at work. Draco was grinning from ear to ear.

I…I did it. I peed in the middle of class. No one saw a thing.

Hermione felt triumphant in a way, smiling to herself as she went back to the lesson. By the time she was done, she had three little compact mirrors.

The rest of the day came easy to her, both the lessons and her orders. That first pee had given her the confidence to do it for the rest of the day. She sipped on water during their lessons and breaks, not bothering to hold her pee if she felt an urge. The second time it happened was on a break, and it was easy enough to slip behind a tapestry and relieve herself on the floor. The third time was in Herbology, and it was easy enough to slide her panties out of the way and tinkle while Professor Sprout was lecturing. She did the same thing under the Gryffindor table at lunch without batting an eye.

By the time they got to History of Magic, the last class of the day, she didn’t even feel the urge come upon her. Professor Binns was droning on, half the class was asleep, and Hermione had been diligently taking notes when all of the sudden a warm, wet burst of heat soaked into her panties. Her hand froze, and her legs snapped open as her pee spilled from her panties, soaking the back of her skirt before spattering lightly on the floor. There was a little more than before, she’d gotten careless drinking her water, but luckily her skirt sopped up most of the damage. The puddle at her feet was still fairly small.

Hmmm…that felt good…She thought with a soft sigh, giving her wand a lazy flick to clean up. Her panties, as usual, she left wet. She’d need to go get Draco now for a fresh pair. She glanced over at him in class, not surprised to find his eyes on her. He, however, looked a little surprised, maybe he hadn’t expected her to just pee with no warning. It surprised her too, if she were being honest, but she went back to taking notes. At the end of the lesson, she caught his eye again and he made a subtle motion to follow, which she did. Harry and Ron were easy to ditch, all she had to do was say she was going to the library. She let Draco lead up the corridor, keeping a fair distance between the two of them. But she did see that silver head of his duck into a secret passage behind a suit of armor, so she did the same.

He was leaning against the wall, smirking.

“So, having fun today are we?” he asked her.

“Yes, actually,” she said, “I sort of like peeing whenever I want.”

“That last one took you by surprise,” he observed, “you didn’t even realize you had the urge did you?”

“No,” she answered honestly, but she wasn’t very disturbed by it, “I suppose my bladder got used to me letting it have its way, everything just came out on its own.”

Draco chuckled, shaking his head.

“You play this game too well,” he sighed, “I’m never going to get to punish you at this rate.”

“Either way, it works out for me,” Hermione grinned despite herself. Was it weird that peeing so much put her in a good mood?

Draco laughed at her response again and smiled despite himself.

“I suppose you want a fresh pair of panties, then?” he asked, and Hermione nodded. His little smile turned into a smirk

“Let me see your wet ones,” he demanded.

“Huh?” Hermione asked in surprise.

“Let me see how they look wet,” he said, “pull up your skirt. Show me.”

Hermione scowled, blushing again. Now that was embarrassing, to show off her wet panties like that. But still, she had to reason, he saw it last night and she didn’t protest. She gave in with a huff and lifted her skirt. Draco came over, making her take a step back.

“You…you’re just looking, right?” she asked nervously.

“I’m your master,” he grinned “I can do what I like.” He reached down and slid his hand up her thigh, making Hermione gasp despite herself.

“H-hey!”

“Quiet,” he ordered, making her jaw snap shut, “Hmm…your thighs are all wet…” His hand slid up between her legs, his fingers stroking the soaked fabric. It tickled in the most pleasurable way and Hermione squealed. The only hands she allowed down there were her own.

“S-stop it…” she whimpered softly, but Draco only smirked and continued to stroke the wetness.

“Aah…! Draco, stop it..!” Hermione cried out softly, but before she could do anything to stop it, a sudden stream of pee burst out of her soaked crotch and sprayed his fingers. It was barely a few seconds, but it wet his hand and splashed a little on the floor. She looked up at him, shocked and scared, wondering if he’d be angry at her for wetting so suddenly.

“I…I’m sorry,” she fussed, thighs quivering “it just…I must not have let it all out…it was an accident…You…you were touching me and it was shocking…”

Finally, Draco smiled and pulled his hand away, rubbing his wet fingers together.

“Well,” he mused, “are you all done?”

“I…I think so?” Hermione murmured, though to be honest, she wasn’t sure.

“Why don’t you try and see if anything else will come out, hm? No use in giving you fresh panties if you’re just going to wet them again.”

Hermione blushed brightly but obeyed. She pushed her bladder to see what would happen.

“Aah…ahhh…!” she gasped, shocked when a sudden thick stream of pee burst out of her, spraying down her thighs and running down her legs. It hissed out of her loudly and she pushed hard, forcing every last drop out of her bladder. When she was done, there was a puddle the size of a serving plate below her. She looked down in shock, she hadn’t even felt like all that was pent up inside.

Draco, for his part, started laughing again.

“Oh Merlin..! The look on your face! You had to go this much, and you didn’t even know it!” he said, grinning at her, “are you done now?”

“I…uh huh…” Hermione heard herself murmuring, breathless.

That felt really, really good…she thought, a pleasured blush darkening her cheeks. For a moment, she wished for his hand back between her legs…She swallowed, banishing the thought. She absolutely did not want that. No, no, absolutely not. And yet, her body felt so warm and tingly. Her heart was pounding so hard in her chest. She didn’t even notice until he was touching her that Draco was sliding her panties down her legs.

“Ahh…! Stop!” she squealed, shoving her skirt down between her legs, “what are you doing?!”

“You needed fresh panties,” he smirked “Come on, I already saw it. You’re getting your skirt wet again.”

Saw it…he saw it…Hermione thought, her mind buzzing with shock and humiliation. She didn’t even protest that he pulled her panties the rest of the way down. Or that he was kneeling in her puddle to do so.

“Come on, step out,” he said, giving her wet panties a tug at the ankles. Hermione found herself obeying.

Oh…oh Merlin…he’s…he’s seriously changing my panties for me?!

“Stop it, wait…! I can do it myself!” Hermione protested, coming back to her senses. He looked up at her with a look of determination.

“Obviously,” he said coldly, “You’re not an invalid. But you are mine, understand? And if I want to clean you up, I’m going to. Now, move your skirt up.”

“But…”

“Now!” he barked, and Hermione yanked her skirt up as he commanded. Her hands were shaking, and she could swear every inch of her body was flushed red with humiliation.

He’s…kneeling in my pee…right in front…oh god…he’s eye level with…he’s looking right at…! I can’t handle this…!

Hermione whimpered, squeezing her eyes shut at the overwhelming knowledge that he was looking directly at her most secret place. Let him change her panties and be done with it, faster the better. But what she felt next wasn’t a new pair of panties. No, it was a pleasantly warm, plush, damp cloth sliding up her legs.

“Oh…!” she gasped softly, eyes snapping back open to see what he was doing. He was cleaning the pee off her legs with a clean cloth. That…that felt really nice…She swallowed and let her eyes flutter shut as he swept the cloth up the insides of calves and thighs, and then finally between her legs.

“Ahh…” she sighed softly, shivering.

That feels…so good…he’s so gentle…I never expected him to be gentle…

“There you go,” Draco said, almost kindly. She opened her eyes again, just in time to see him flicking his wand to clean her puddle, her socks and shoes, and his own pants from where he knelt in it. He pulled a pair of the replica panties out for her and held them open. Hermione stepped obediently into them without hesitation and Draco slid them up her legs and around her bottom securely. They were dry and warm, like they’d just been washed. She knew he must have placed a spell on them.

“Draco, I—”

“Master,” he corrected with a smirk, “what do you say? I was so nice to you.”

“Um…” Hermione murmured, suddenly feeling shy, “Th-thank you…Master.”

It felt good to say, she realized. She liked this. She liked calling him Master. She liked that he had control of her bladder. She never wanted this to stop.

“Good girl,” Draco practically purred, and Hermione smiled at the praise, “now, you have fresh panties, try and keep them dry for me?”

“Ah…okay,” Hermione said softly, fidgeting a little bit, “are we…finished for the day? School is over…”

“Keep going pee whenever you feel like you need to, and if you wet your panties again, you’ll have to change them yourself. How does your bladder feel? Is it still tender?”

Hermione pressed lightly on her lower belly, massaging a little.

“No,” she said with a smile, “it feels fine.”

“Good,” he said with a smile, “tomorrow you’ll have to hold your pee. Come and meet me, the Owlery tomorrow morning, come at 7:00am.”

“Okay,” she agreed. Draco grabbed his bag and moved to leave first. He glanced at her, giving a triumphant smirk before leaving her alone.

What…what just happened?! I…I was so…I completely submitted there! What is this?! Some kind of Stockholm’s Syndrome?! Hermione panicked at first, angry with herself. She couldn’t believe she was giving in so readily and so easily into Draco Malfoy, someone whom she hated so much. But…but he’d been so gentle as he cleaned her up. And he didn’t make her hold her pee on a day where it would have hurt her. In fact, he gave her the best possible thing and helped her with her confidence even. She rubbed her face.

I…I love this…I love this so much…not HIM, I don’t love him…but I love letting him have control over my bladder like this…

She sighed and collected herself, her bag, and headed out of the secret passage. She needed to cool her head. She needed to do her homework. Everything was done with, the first day of school, and their first day of the game. Hermione didn’t even hate to admit that it was the best day back she’d ever had.

