Limited Edition - Page 2

Author: secretomoact

*026*2022-06-12 20:50

This chapter was written as a commission. If you'd like a story of your own, you can DM me.

***

Something about movie theaters had a way of filling Shelby’s bladder up fast. She thought she probably just so absorbed in the film that she didn’t pay attention to how much soda she was drinking, or maybe the cold temperature inside the theater was what prompted her body’s processes to speed up, but whatever the reason, Shelby always wound up squirming by the time the second act rolled around.

It wasn’t like she could just get up and pee, either. She didn’t want to miss anything! Better to cross her legs and endure her need than walk out for several minutes and miss out on something important. And, wow were her legs crossed now. She’d been feeling her bladder gradually expanding for the last half hour, at least; More liquid being pumped into it by the second. At this point, she had to work harder to concentrate on the movie rather than the pressure pounding away inside her.

She couldn’t leave now, the movie she was watching was very fast-paced, even if she managed to make it to the bathroom, pee, and come back all in under a minute, she’d lose track of the plot. And, it would be such a hassle to leave right now, anyway. She’d have to ask her brother and her best friend to stand up in order to let her out of the aisle, and she already felt slightly awkward being out with them on what was, essentially, a date.

Yes, she was a bit of a third wheel today. That was the sort of thing that tended to happen when a person’s brother was going out with their best friend. The arrangement had sort of weirded her out at first, hearing Nova talk about how she thought Emmett was hot wasn’t at ALL something Shelby wanted to listen to.

They were a good couple though, Shelby had to admit. She’d noticed Emmett grabbing onto Nova during the scary parts of the movie, and she supposed that was almost cute. But, what wasn’t cute was how they were both blocking the exit path that would lead Shelby to a bathroom, all while her bladder was presenting a very compelling argument that missing a few minutes of the movie would be worth it if she was able to get all this piss out of herself.

Shelby considered asking them to let her up, her bladder was pinching away at her, her urethral opening had started to tremble in that threatening way that meant she would be really pushing her luck if she kept trying to hold it. But, it DID look like the movie would be over soon. She could probably last to the end still…

She adjusted her position in her seat for what must have been the millionth time. Her jeans were cutting into her bladder as if they sought to slice it right in half. She leaned forward at first, but quickly slammed back hard against the chair when an absolutely horrendous pressure bloomed in her bladder. “Ffff…” she hissed through her clenched teeth, bringing one foot up into the seat with her and pushing it up against her crotch. She rocked against her foot, while her other knee jiggled frantically. She couldn’t stop thinking about how fast she was gonna be running out of this room the second the credits started to roll. She had to go so badly that she thought she might even end up tearing up when she finally laid her eyes on a stall.

‘Don’t think about it. Just pay attention. You wanna know how it ends, don’t you?’ Shelby scolded herself. She’d held her bladder through this entire thing, that meant she could easily handle another ten or so minutes. Her foot wasn’t enough of a deterrent against her flood, though. She lowered it back down and pushed her hands between her legs instead, squeezing her thighs together as tight as they would go.

She watched as the protagonist of the film entered a men’s restroom. He was only going in there to empty the vial he’d stolen from the villain down a drain so that it would get into the town’s water supply and provide the cure for the lab-engineered super-virus the villain had unleashed. But, even if Shelby wasn’t going to be subjected to watching the main actor pretend he was relieving his bladder in this scene, she still had to see all the urinals on the wall in the shot. She still had to see all of the toilet stalls. And, her bladder still shrieked at her about how good it would feel to empty out into ANY of those spots right now.

Her bouncing increased as the main character stepped up to one of the sinks, and she cringed hard at the sound of the liquid antidote being poured into it. The loud speakers of the theater ensured that she heard every last drop as it plinked away. Then, she was forced to listen when the protagonist turned the sink ON to make certain all of the antidote made it down the drain. The camera lingered on the gushing faucet for several seconds, Shelby’s back became caked in sweat.

Several minutes later, with the last plot threads wrapped up, the credits finally appeared and the lights in the theater flashed on. Shelby knew she ought to stop gripping herself so tightly now that she no longer had the cover of darkness to do it in, but when she tried to let go, the first squirt of her pee gushed out and in a panic she clamped her hands back down.

“I really don’t think that pouring a tiny bit of the cure down a sink is gonna be enough to get rid of a city-wide pandemic…” Emmett said. He was the first to stand up, and once he was on his feet, a hand hesitantly went to tug at the waistband of his pants. “Um… That was… A bit longer than I’d expected it to be too…”

“Well, it’s just a movie,” Nova said. “You have to suspend disbelief for stuff like that…” her own knees was bouncing almost as much as Shelby’s were. “You ARE right about it being really long, though.”

“I… Um… Is it okay if I—“

“I have to pee SO bad!” Shelby moaned out as she struggled to her feet. She was unable to stand all the way, the heavy ball of urine in her core seemed to weigh her down so much that she could only double over and bend at the knees as she tried to lift it.

“Y—Yeah…” Emmett nodded. “I… Need to… Do that…”

Nova reached to pinch at his cheek, “Aw, you’re so cute when you get shy.”

Shelby didn’t have TIME for them to try to win the ‘most nauseatingly adorable couple award’, she needed to GO and they were STILL blocking her way out. “Well, if you need to piss, can we do that NOW? I can’t wait anymore.” They turned to look at her. She still hadn’t managed to pry her hands away from her groin, and she honestly didn’t care if they could see her doing that anymore.

“Heh, alright,” Nova said. “I have to go, too. Come on.”

***

No fair. No fair. No fucking fair.

The line for the women’s room was at least twenty people long, and the line for the men’s was less than five. When Shelby heard her brother groan at the idea he was going to have to wait through just a tiny group of people before he was able to relieve his bladder, she shot him a glare.

“S—Sorry,” Emmett said. “I just… I’ve been holding it a real long time, and—“

“You barely even have to wait now!” Shelby pointed out.

“Sorry…” Emmett repeated. “N—Nothing I can do…” He nervously took his place in line, and Shelby watched him cross his legs and tug anxiously at his bangs. He really DID look like he needed to go pretty badly, but he wasn’t clutching himself like SHE was. He didn’t need to go AS bad as she did, and he was still guaranteed to get to go FIRST. How was that even remotely fair?!

Again, Shelby wished that women’s bathrooms would have at least one or two urinals inside them. Yes, only a tiny portion of women would be able to make any use of them, but they would sure be useful to the ones like her that could manage it! If there was a urinal in there— Even just one— She could be pissing right this second!

Or, she would be if Nova weren’t right behind her in line right now. Shelby had never told her friend that she could pee standing up. While Nova wasn’t much of a girly-girl either, often wearing camo and fascinated by zombies, Shelby still figured that she’d think a girl peeing like a guy was really weird. Doing that in front of her could make Nova uncomfortable, and Shelby didn’t want to do that. If she and Nova were out and both needed to pee, Shelby would always sit down to avoid freaking her out.

Hopping from foot to foot, clutching herself for dear life, Shelby squeezed her eyes shut tightly and prayed for the line to please, please move. “I’m going to explode…” she whimpered softly, miserable.

Nova had been watching Shelby’s urgent dance, and with some dismay she realized it was beginning to rub off on her. As if Shelby’s utter desperation was somehow as contagious as the disease in the movie they’d just watched, Nova’s need for the toilet had gone from an annoying but manageable pulse to a far more insistent throb just in the time she’d spent in line. She now needed to rock a bit from side to side as she waited. “It’ll be over soon,” Nova tried to assure.

 The line was moving, at least. Just very, very slowly. Nova’s bladder would shudder each time she heard a toilet flush inside the restroom. She could scarcely imagine what it must have been doing to Shelby.

Indeed, every flush of a toilet would make Shelby squeeze herself even harder. She could feel dampness collecting against her straining fingertips, but was unable to pinpoint exactly when she’d begun to leak. She didn’t even feel the pee slipping its way past her defenses, the only confirmation she had that she really WAS starting to lose control came in the form of the slick warmth beading into her hands.

She was wetting herself.

Extremely slowly, drop by tiny drop, but there was no doubt that she was having an accident. ‘Hurryyyy,’ she mentally begged the people ahead of her. ‘Come on, LOOK at me. I gotta go WAY worse than any of you do. Just…’ She began to consider speaking up, asking permission to cut… One look at her, and everyone else would know how bad her emergency was. SOMEONE would have to take pity, surely?

It would be embarrassing to beg like that, but certainly not as embarrassment as an accident would be.

“Excuse me…” Shelby managed to choke out to the woman directly ahead of her. “I… Need to go really badly. Could I please go ahead of you?”

The woman turned around, stared at her for a second, then shook her head. “Nope. I’m in a rush. I have to pick up my kids soon.”

Shelby could pee so fast, though… She could pee so quickly that this woman would only have to wait an extra thirty seconds for her! “I’ll b-be really fast. I’ll hurry. I promise!”

“No, you should have gotten here sooner if you need to go that much,” the woman said, and then she turned around in a way that signified to Shelby that the conversation was over.

Nova had watched the conversation, feeling a little stunned by Shelby’s boldness at first. Nova would never, EVER be able to ask a complete stranger for help with such a personal crisis. She’d NEVER be able to admit to someone she didn’t know that she needed the toilet too badly to stand it. That was one of the things Nova liked about her friend, she really just did whatever she had to do, regardless of the potential consequences or reactions she may receive.

Nova was dismayed when the woman declined letting Shelby cut. Both because she felt bad for Shelby’s plight, and because Nova’s own bladder was REALLY starting to become a problem and she’d been hopeful she’d be allowed to cut ALONGSIDE Shelby and get relief just as quickly.

Nova was now lifting her feet from the floor, one right after the other, like she was trying to complete a stationary march. She thought back to the soda she’d finished during the first act of the movie, she thought about how big it had been and how every drop now seemed to be contained inside her bladder.

Her bladder didn’t feel like it had enough ROOM inside of it for that soda. Nova’s Dad was in the army, and as she stood there, jiggling and turning about anxiously, she thought back to a story he’d told her once, about the drug tests everyone there had to do. Her Dad said that everybody had to drink a lot of water, and then wait to be called for their test. But, that the order they’d be called in would be pretty random, so nobody knew when they’d actually have their turn to pee. They’d just all have to hold it in, some of them for hours. Her Dad had been one of the last people called, and he’d said that holding his pee that day had actually been one of the HARDEST things he’d ever done, even worse than all the physical exercises put together.

This though, waiting here in a painfully long bathroom line, this wasn’t going to take HOURS like her Dad’s test had. At most, she’d be on the toilet in just thirty minutes, peeing away. She could do that. If her Dad could hold a bloated bladder for hours and hours, then SHE could make it thirty minutes. She thought about other things he had told her, about how when he was doing something really physical and his body had felt like it couldn’t take anymore, he’d push through that pain and on the other side of it everything would feel easier. Nova could do that. She could be strong like him.

But, five minutes ticked by very slowly, and the line barely budged at all, and then Nova was cupping herself just like Shelby. She usually wore skirts, and she’d worn one again today. There wouldn’t be much material to soak up her pee if it all came gushing out. It would burst straight through her underwear, spray right down her legs and all puddle on the floor. If she parted her legs far enough, she could probably keep much from getting onto her skirt, but that didn’t fix anything. The lobby of the theater was teeming with people, they’d still see her release a geyser onto the ground… And the floor was carpeted, too. She’d have to pay for it to be cleaned or something.

Her Dad would be so disappointed in her if she had an accident NOW at her age…

 Especially when she KNEW that she could be strong like him.

Every second stretched itself out just as grotesquely as the girls’ bladders were stretching. Shelby was near tears by the time they were at last close enough to actually get INSIDE of the freaking bathroom finally. The tears weren’t from emotion, not from the shame or embarrassment she felt as little drops continued to work their ways out of her every minute or so. The tears were just from the sheer, physical agony she felt as her straining holding muscles fought their hardest to contain a monumental flood.

She couldn’t hold it. She couldn’t. She still had three more people to get through. Then she was gonna have to lock the stall door, unzip and unbutton her pants, pull them down, turn around, sit…

She could get rid of those last two steps fairly easily, though. Shave off a few precious seconds so she’d have a better chance of making it in time.

But… Nova was here… She might notice…

‘The whole REASON you learned to piss through a zipper was for moments EXACTLY like this,” Shelby reminded herself. ‘Moments where you can’t hold it long enough to get your pants off.’ And, she knew that there was no way she could hold it long enough to get her pants off right now. Even the time it would take to unzip them was gonna cause her to cut it EXTREMELY close.

‘I’ll… Try and get them off,’ Shelby thought. ‘But, if I can’t… Hopefully Nova doesn’t pay any attention to what I’m doing.’

Nova bobbed up and down and sucked in her cheeks as she listened to another toilet flush. Trying to hold it while inside of a bathroom was harder than trying to hold it anywhere else. Her bladder RECOGNIZED where it was, it recognized the sinks and the stalls, and it definitely recognized the sounds of the toilets flushing. But, most of all, it recognized the distinct trickle of urine hitting water as OTHER women got the relief Nova needed. Her first leak came out when her ears zeroed in on the sound of a stream hissing particularly forcefully into a toilet bowl. Nova felt her cupped hands growing warm as her panties failed to contain the gush of liquid that her bladder had just ejected from itself.

Finally, FINALLY she and Shelby were next in line, and she almost cried when a couple toilets flushed, leaving two vacant stalls adjacent to one another. Nova ran into one of them. She jumped up and down as she shakily drew the lock into place with one hand, the other still digging firmly against her crotch. Once the door was secured, she yanked down her damp underwear and stumbled back towards the toilet. She was peeing hard before she’d managed to lower herself onto the seat all the way, she heard it spatter off the seat and splash on the floor, felt some of it bounce onto her thighs as she collapsed the rest of the way down.

 But, she didn’t care. She didn’t care if she got a little pee on the seat. All she cared about was the fact that she was now FINALLY sitting on a toilet, her panties down, and her bladder open and pouring away unrestrained. Her whole body went instantly limp as she tipped her head back, sighing loudly. “Ahhhh…” Her brain went blank for a moment, then she heard panic shuffling in the stall beside hers. ‘Poor Shelby, she’s wearing pants she needs to get apart and pull down…’ she thought.

In the other stall, Shelby got herself locked in and then tore away at her button and zip, struggling to do so as her hands kept going back between her legs. ‘Gotta go…’ she thought. ‘NOW. Just—‘ she tried to reach up to her waistband, but the second she attempted it, she was peeing. Not leaking, not dribbling. She was peeing. Hard. Warmth was rolling down her legs, and she couldn’t stop it. Couldn’t hold it… The toilet was right—

‘For fuck’s sake, just stand! Who cares who notices!?’Shelby scolded herself, and instinctively her hands took their necessary positions, her stream instantly being directed away from her clothes and out past her zipper. Pee rocketed into the toilet bowl at last, and after a few seconds of gasping and panting, Shelby’s mind caught up with her body and it registered that she WASN’T having an accident anymore. Her urine was ending up in a toilet rather than flowing down her legs.

Everything about this had been so literally-last-second that she hadn’t lifted the seat up like she was supposed to when she urinated while standing, she could see little drops landing on it, and after a few more seconds of gushing, she grunted hard, tensed herself up, and was able to restrain her flow just long enough to pull the seat out of the way. Then, she pushed back down and resumed her release, at last able to actually relax and enjoy it now that she wasn’t making a mess for someone else to deal with.

 Nova was still peeing, she was honestly shocked by how much she’d had inside her bladder. Felt like it was gonna last forever at this rate, and honestly she didn’t think she’d mind that too much. It felt so good, humongous waves of tension were coming off of her. She heard Shelby make a weird noise and turned to look beneath the stall’s wall again. She saw Shelby was still facing towards the toilet, and now grew worried that her friend’s zipper was STUCK or something— What a terrible time for THAT to happen.

Nova was about to bear down on herself to speed up her own flow so that she could get up and come help, when she noticed something else. She could only really see Shelby’s feet now, but she could tell her legs weren’t crossed anymore, not like she was still holding it.

Had she… Had an accident? Did she not make it in time? No, there wasn’t a puddle beneath her feet… Hell, with as desperate as Shelby had been, if she’d peed herself the resulting lake would probably be flowing into Nova’s stall too.

And, Nova heard a stream of liquid landing into a toilet, checking her other side, Nova saw that she and Shelby were alone in here now, the rush of people wanting to use the toilet after the movie ended had dispersed. So, that second stream of pee Nova heard must have been Shelby’s. As if to confirm to Nova that she’d made it in time and was now relieving herself, Shelby sighed happily, sounding very relaxed and not at all dismayed like she would if she’d been having an accident. “Ahhhh…”

But… Why was she facing TOWARDS the toilet to pee? And she was at least a quarter of a foot AWAY from it, too. Sort of like a guy how a guy would…

Nova’s pee finally slowed down to a trickle and then a moment later, she was emptied. She didn’t get up. It didn’t even cross her mind to. She’d forgotten all about her own bladder and why she was here, she just kept staring at Shelby’s feet curiously. If she didn’t know better, she’d say for sure that Shelby was peeing like a man.

But, that couldn’t be possible, could it? Nova and Shelby had gone to the mall lots of times together, they’d tried on clothes before and they were close enough that sharing a dressing room wasn’t a huge deal. Nova knew that Shelby didn’t have a… Uh…

Well, funnels existed though, didn’t they? Maybe Shelby had a funnel she peed through for whatever reason? Nova wasn’t sure where she would have been hiding it all day, though. She’d heard Shelby complain about how her pockets were too small often enough that she didn’t think a funnel could fit in there. Maybe she kept it inside her underwear, so she could whip it out and go like a guy would? Nova thought maybe she would have noticed the weird shape that would make, though. But, it’s not like she’d been LOOKING for anything like that.

Shelby’s stream finally stopped spraying, and Nova watched as she stepped a little closer to the toilet and did a tiny hopping motion. Then, she heard Shelby quickly zip up and exit the stall, going to the sinks. A moment later, she called. “Uh… Nova? You okay?” there was a hint of worry in her voice that Nova seldom heard out of her.

“Y—Yeah, I’m fine,” Nova said, finally getting up. When she reunited with Shelby beside the sinks, she cranked the faucet on and tried to think of something to say. ‘Just don’t mention it,’ she thought. ‘Peeing is personal, it’s not your business. And you were probably just seeing things, anyway. You had to go so bad that you hallucinated, or something.’ Against her will, once she’d finished with the sink, Nova’s vision went straight to Shelby’s crotch, looking for any lump that would indicate she had hidden a funnel inside her pants. She didn’t see anything like that, she did see a few errant wet spots, though. “Um… You want some paper towels, for…”

“Yeah, that would help,” Shelby said.

Nova grabbed some from the dispenser and handed them to her. As she watched Shelby dab at the wet patches on her pants, she rocked back and forth as though she STILL needed to pee. “Ummm…” She just couldn’t stop thinking about what she’d seen. No matter how hard she tried. It was all she could think of when she looked at Shelby. Shelby HAD been standing to pee, Nova knew it…

Shelby tossed out the paper towels. “That looks a bit better now…” she said. She looked up. “You sure you’re alright?”

“I’m fine!” Nova insisted. “Just… Really had to go. I’m catching my breath now.” That was a stupid, embarrassing thing to say…

“Oh, okay,” Shelby said.

The two started to leave the restroom, and Nova KEPT thinking. ‘It’s probably really fun to pee standing up…’ She’d seen Emmett pee a couple times, and while she’d always been more focused on that super cute, relaxed expression he always got, there had also been a bit of envy that he could stand. Nova had always thought that it would be useful to be able to do that, and had been jealous of guys in the past because of it.

She’d just never thought she’d have to be jealous of another girl for the same reason.

How did Shelby DO that?

The question weighed on Nova’s mind as they looked around the lobby for Emmett. He was standing off to one side, looking pretty relieved himself. “H—Hey,” he said. “Sorry you guys had to wait so long… Girls’ bathrooms should be… Bigger, or something.”

“It’s alright,” Nova said. “We’re fine now.” ‘Does your sister pee like a guy?’ was what she WANTED to add, but she kept it back.

“That’s good,” Emmett said. “I was worried… You still want to come to our house for the night, right?”

“Yeah,” Nova said. And that was ALL she said for the entire walk there. There was so much she WANTED to say, so much she wanted to ASK, but she didn’t know how to.

Once they were at the twins’ house, Nova had to pee again. She knew where the toilets were, of course. But, she didn’t go to use either of them. For some reason, now the idea of sitting down to release her bladder sounded really unappealing to her.

‘So, what, you gonna hold it forever now?’ Nova asked herself. ‘You’ll explode.’

Shelby had to go again, too. Her bladder had just been pushed to its limit, it was sore and didn’t want to wait. “I’ll be right back,” she said, walking off.

Nova followed her, stood beside the restroom door under the guise of ‘waiting for her turn.’ She heard the lid on the bowl being lifted. And then the seat too. Then a trickle of liquid.

She’d lifted the seat… Like a guy would…

Emmett had been about to head to the other restroom, but stopped when he noticed her. “Oh, there’s a second toilet beside my Dad’s room, remember?”

“I… I know, I’m just waiting to ask Shelby something,” Nova said. And, she realized a moment later that this wasn’t a lie. Her curiosity was not going to leave her alone without some kind of answer.

When Shelby exited a moment later and saw Nova there, she had a feeling that her friend HAD noticed something back at the theater after all. She hoped not…“So… Um… Were you just waiting to go, or…”

“I… I wanted to ask you something,” Nova admitted. “Want to talk in your room?”

“Y—Yeah,” Shelby said, leading the way. She shut the door, not really knowing why. Emmett knew she peed like a boy. It wouldn’t matter if he heard her talking about it. “So, I… Think I know what you wanted to ask about.”

“Do… Um… Do you pee like a guy?” Nova blurted it out.

Shelby nodded, “I do. Sometimes… And, today, I just had to go so bad… Couldn’t handle taking all of that extra time to sit down…”

“Um…” Nova shifted. She was starting to need to go a lot more, and she knew this conversation, one based entirely around urination, was going to make her bladder feel a lot fuller soon. “So, do you have, like, a funnel?”

“No,” Shelby said.

“What DO you have, then? Because I KNOW you haven’t got a—“

“It’s… I have my hands,” Shelby said. “My fingers.”

“Huh?”

“I just… It’s hard to explain, but there’s this way you can… Aim your pee with just your hands, and your… You know…”

“So, you don’t have a tube, or a funnel, or—“

“Just… Everything I was born with,” Shelby said. “I just… Think it’s fun to stand, sorry if you think it’s weird, I know it freaks Emmett out a lot when I do it around him. But, like today, it’s really helpful. Definitely would have peed my pants otherwise.”

“It’s not…” Nova trailed off. She was about to say that it wasn’t weird, but that wouldn’t really be true. It was really unusual. There was no way around that. “Okay, it’s strange. But, just because I didn’t think girls could do that…”

“I didn’t at first, either. But, I learned how it works, and I tried it, and… I was surprised by how easy it was.”

“… How do you do it?” Nova asked finally.

“Like I said, it’s hard to explain… I take my hands like…” Shelby put them near her crotch and tried to demonstrate, but with her clothing all in the way it wasn’t easy to do. “I mean, I learned from a thing I read online, I don’t know how to… I mean, are you asking because YOU want to do this?”

“Y—Yeah,” Nova admitted. “I don’t know, it sounds fun.”

“It is,” Shelby promised. “I can try to teach you, I guess… Ummm… First step… Do you have to pee now?”

“I do,” Nova said.

“Okay,” Shelby knelt down and looked underneath her bed. She retrieved a small hand mirror. “Um… You need to go pee now, sitting down, and kinda put this between your legs so you can see where it comes out of. I promise, it’s probably a bit further back than you think it is.”

Nova nodded, “Um… What if I accidentally go on the mirror?”

“Then you wash it off,” Shelby shrugged. “I don’t care.”

Nova took the mirror into the restroom with her and flicked on the light. She sat on the toilet and positioned it between her legs as best as she could, but it was a little too dark to see anything. Her bladder, being prompted by the feeling of the toilet seat below her, released a quick spurt that she was forced to clamp off when she realized she couldn’t see what she was looking for.

She stood up again and turned on the second, brighter light. Now, when she sat down, she was able to make out the reflection of her body parts. She’d never actually thought to look around down there before. She’d felt it plenty of times with her hands, but she’d never done anything like this. She guessed she could recognize all the different parts from the biology book she’d had at school. She knew the hole pee came out of was the urethra, but she didn’t think she could see it yet. That must have been why Shelby had told her she needed to be peeing while she familiarized herself with her anatomy.

She relaxed her lower muscles, and her stream hissed out. She jolted for a moment, worried about spattering the mirror, but managed to keep it dry. Now that something was flowing, she was able to see the small slit that her pee trickled from. Shelby was right, it WAS a little further back than she’d thought.

She finished going and stood back up. Maybe, this would be the last time she HAD to pee sitting down. From now on, it would be her choice how she did it.

Nova returned to Shelby’s room. “You know where it comes out now?” Shelby asked.

“Yeah,” Nova said. “Now what?”

“Now, we wait until you have to go again, then you can try it standing in the shower.”

Nova was eager to make her first attempt, and poured herself a large glass of water in the kitchen. She talked with Emmett for a bit, part of her worrying that he’d be grossed out if he knew what she was up to. Shelby had said that this whole thing freaked him out. Did it freak him out that a girl stood up to pee, or did it freak him out that his sister, specifically, was peeing near him?

Nova didn’t have to tell him that she was doing this. At least, not right away.

***

Before long, Nova had to go again. When she first felt the urge, she felt a little thrill of excitement, but made herself wait until she REALLY had to go so that she’d have enough in her to make a really decent attempt at her goal. Once she needed to pee badly enough that she was squirming, she asked Shelby if she could try it now.

Shelby had been sitting on top of one of her feet for the last half hour, jiggling. “Ah, yes! I was starting to think you’d never ask!”  

So… Shelby had been holding it in for this too, then. Nova wondered why that was…

The girls entered the restroom together, and Nova just stood there like a deer caught in headlights. It hit her now exactly how unusual this activity was going to be. It really wasn’t the kind of thing she was SUPPOSED to do…

“Um… Okay,” Shelby said. “So, you’re gonna get in the tub, and take off… Everything below the waist. Socks too.” She wasn’t sure why she felt so awkward about saying that right now. She and Nova had changed in one another’s presence before. And this time, Nova would have the option of the shower curtain if she wanted it…

Peeing was just so personal though. Teaching someone a new way to do it felt… Weird. But, Shelby had to go badly right now, and the sooner this lesson got underway, the sooner she’d be able to release her bladder. “But… First… I’m gonna… Show you, I guess…”

Nova stared at her. Shelby seemed uncomfortable at the moment. Nova knew her friend had trouble with being touched, with just being SEEN with her clothing off unless the other person had really ensured to her that she was safe. Those past occasions where they’d gotten changed together, Nova had assured her each step of the way that she would only look where Shelby said she could look, and that she certainly wouldn’t TOUCH unless she was told to first. When she’d needed to help Shelby with the zipper on the back of a costume at the mall last Halloween, to make sure Shelby felt okay, she would pause every few seconds. “I’m going to put a hand on your shoulder now, is that alright?”, “Now, I’m going to touch the lower part of your back for a second, tell me if you’re good with that…” And, each time, she waited for Shelby to say it was okay before proceeding.

This moment was reminding her of all those. “Shelby, you don’t have to show me anything you don’t want me to look at. If you learned how to do this just from stuff online, I’m sure I can do it too. Or, you can just talk me through it instead. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want.”

“Okay,” Shelby said. “I want to show you, it’ll be easier if you actually see how it works… But, try to look only at… At where my hands are going, okay? I’m going to take my pants down all the way so that you can see good, and I don’t want you looking at my butt or anywhere else, just pay attention to what my hands are doing. Nothing else.”

“Of course,” Nova said.

Shelby nodded, and started to lower her pants. Her bladder pulsed at the sensation, knowing relief was coming soon. Relief WAS coming, but probably not in the way her bladder was expecting it… She lifted up the lid and seat of the toilet. “Um… Yeah, it took me a bit to remember I was supposed to put the seat up, too. But, you do gotta do that if you stand, so don’t forget.”

She put her hands down near her waist. “N—Now, um…” she parted her legs a bit, prompting a heavy shift of the weight inside her bladder. She had to go… “It’s easiest to do it with two hands…” Her bladder was searing. It was exhausted after her earlier desperation, her legs were too far apart to provide any resistance from her flood, and the toilet was RIGHT freaking there… Before she knew it, a tiny squirt of pee had escaped from her. “Ah—“ she reached and clutched herself with one hand. “S—Sorry…” she added. “REALLY need to go right now.”

Nova had been shuffling from foot to foot, and she nodded now. SHE really needed to go right now, too! The sight of the toilet wasn’t doing her bladder any favors right now, either!

“A—Anyway,” Shelby said. “T—To do this…” she bounced in place. Her body couldn’t comprehend why she’d been here so long and hadn’t started to pee yet. “You… Make kinda like a peace sign with both your hands…” she released her hold on her crotch, feeling a dribble slip out the second she’d let go. She formed her hands into the proper position and held them out for Nova to see. “A—And, then you put them on either side of your… Um… I’m gonna use the actual words, so… Um, either side of your labia. And then you pull up a bit…” she demonstrated this. “And, then you have to…” with a grunt, she pushed hard against her bladder, and her stream arced out into the bowl. “Ahhh…” she groaned as her taut muscles slackened. “Y—You have to make yourself go really fast, so it sprays,” she explained, breathless with relief.

She allowed her pee to keep hissing for a few seconds, blushing as Nova intently watched it shooting out, studying the placement of her hands. This felt so weird… Sure, people had seen her go like this before, but this time that person was REALLY watching, paying attention to every detail of it, looking directly at the spot where her pee was flowing from… Soon enough, Shelby winced as she knew what had to be done. She tensed herself up and forced her stream to pause. Somehow, now her bladder felt even FULLER than before in spite of the fact she’d released so much of her burden. “Mmnhhh…” she whimpered. Her body was begging her to let it pee again, flooding her with painful reminders of how good she’d been feeling just a second ago.

Nova looked away from her friend’s private area, “If this is making you too uncomfortable,” she said. “We don’t NEED to do it.”

“It’s… Not that,” Shelby promised. “I just… STILL need to go a whole lot, but I have to show you… Ah—!” she was interrupted by another unwanted spurt. “Okay, okay, hurry, hurry, gotta get through this fast! Y—You can also use just o—one hand, but it’s harder…” she said. “You make the same shape, and then you put it down right here, and pull up both sides as best as you can…” she demonstrated once more, her pee gushing out instantly and drawing out a heavy, panting sigh. “Hahh, hahh… This…” she fought to catch her breath. “This is good if you wanna do it through a zipper, ‘cause you’ll need the other hand to hold it open… Hahhh… But, first… You should do it with two hands until you’re good at it…”

She allowed herself a few more seconds of blissful, wonderful relief, and then forcefully cut off her flow yet again. A protesting little jet of piss shot out of her before she was able to restrain it fully. Then, she stomped her feet hard against the floor. Why was it getting HARDER to hold back the more she let OUT? Shouldn’t it have been getting easier now that she was emptier?! “Ohhhh!” she moaned. “I… Gotta… Okay, okay, okay!” she rushed out. “So, common mistakes you can make, would be, not pulling your hands up hard enough…” she placed her hands gently against herself, and let a trickle of pee flow down directly between her legs. “Or, not peeing fast enough…” This was going to be trickier, her bladder was dying to spray everything out, intentionally going to slow wasn’t gonna be easy…

 She unclenched, but just a little bit, and a dribble slipped out of her. Her bladder was weakening, dying. She’d forgotten about Nova watching her now, she just wanted to finish this so she could… So she could LITERALLY finish this!

“And, if you put your hands too far forward, that will block the flow too,” Shelby said. “So, don’t do that, and make sure you pee fast, and— And… That’s all, okay? That’s how it works, you can try, after I’m— After I’ve—“ She got back into the correct position and relaxed, finally letting her bladder continue draining all the way out. “Haaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh….” she moaned.

Nova stepped back a bit now. The visual portion of the lesson was finished, she didn’t have to watch so closely as her friend relieved herself. Her own bladder pinched away as it listened to those pleasured noises Shelby wouldn’t stop making. Nova crossed her legs and hoped Shelby was nearly done… Her eyes darted off of her for a second, then landed back onto Shelby’s face, her eyes were glazed over, her brow totally relaxed, her mouth hanging open…

It was cute…

Nova blushed hard at the thought. She thought the face Emmett made when he peed was adorable, she had ever since the first time she’d seen it. Now, Nova was realizing how similar the twins’ faces were, both had green eyes, both had rounded noses, the general shape and structure of their faces were nearly identical, too… So, of course, if Nova thought Emmett’s expressions while peeing were cute, then it stood to reason that Shelby’s relief-face would be cute, too. They were exactly the same look. Like, literally the exact same expression.

It was sort of interesting that they’d both make identical faces while peeing… The twins were such opposites in so many ways, it was funny that THIS was a way in which they matched so perfectly…

“And…” Shelby panted out, breathless from all her moaning. “This is the hardest part, when… When you’re almost done, you REALLY have to push to make sure nothing gets left on your legs…” she grunted as the final trickle of her pee seeped out. “Ahhh…” she sighed again. “Better…” she pulled her pants back up, zipped them. “Heh, what are you smiling about?”

Nova froze. ‘The fact that you and your brother make the same face when you pee,’ probably wasn’t a good answer… “I just… That’s so cool,” she said.

“Thanks,” Shelby said. “Sooo… That’s how you do it. Like I said, you should try it in the tub first, and take everything off below the waist, just in case it doesn’t work right. And, since you need something to aim at, try to hit the drain.”

Nova climbed into the bathtub. She removed her skirt, underwear and socks and put them on the towel hook. Then she faced in the direction of the drain and positioned her hands. She… Thought she had them in around the same area Shelby’s hands had been. She thought back to when she’d looked at herself with the mirror, at the placement of her urethra. She THOUGHT she had this just about right…

She told herself to relax and pee, but nothing happened. She still felt the need to let it flow, her bladder was still uncomfortable and heavy in her core, but now that she wanted to start peeing, it wouldn’t come out. Her body seemed to be saying ‘Wait, what? This is NOT how we do this!’

This felt… Weird. So weird. A little voice in her head was still telling her that this was impossible, even though she’d just seen evidence to the contrary with her own two eyes. And, she’d never peed while in the shower before in her life. Even if she suddenly needed to go while she was in there, she would hold it until after she’d gotten back out.

She wondered if it might be easier to do this if the water was actually on… Maybe feeling something warm and wet hitting her body would prompt her body to do what it had to do…

“Nova?” Shelby called from the other side of the shower curtain. “Are you okay? If you’re not ready to try this, you don’t have to.”

“No, I wanna try,” Nova said. “But, I can’t go. It feels weird.”

“Oh.” It had been hard for Shelby to tell herself to pee the first few times she stood up, too. “How about I turn the sink on? Would that help?”

“Maybe…”

“Alright,” Shelby said.

And a second later, Nova heard a stream of liquid gushing away into the sink. Her bladder crunched down on itself, twisting and turning. Her first instinct after being hit with such a massive wave of pressure while NOT sitting on a toilet seat, was to cross her legs tight and plead with her bladder to hold on. She actually had to STOP herself from doing that, had to FORCE herself to allow nature to take its course.

First, Nova felt a major shift of the weight inside her, then an immense and wonderful drop in the hot, stinging pressure between her legs. At last, there was the warm flowing rush of her bladder starting to empty itself. She jumped, squealed quietly, expecting that in a few seconds she was going to feel hot liquid streaming down her legs and over her feet as her pee just went straight down.

But, it wasn’t going straight down, it was going up and out, just as Shelby’s stream had done. She was peeing a few inches away from the drain, and shifted her feet slightly so that it was now landing inside of it instead. Nova watched her own clear stream jetting out in total amazement, she couldn’t believe she was actually doing it, that her legs were staying dry, that her urine was going exactly where she told it to.

Nova released a breath from her lungs she hadn’t realized she’d been holding, and along with it about twenty pounds of tension floated off of her body. It was immediately replaced by massive amounts of relief as it hit her EXACTLY how bad she’d been needing to let this out. “Ahhhh….” she panted. “That’s… I can actually control it!” she called out, still stunned.

“Told you,” Shelby said. “Pretty cool, right?”

“Y—Yeah,” Nova said. “It’s—“

There was a knock on the door of the restroom, and Nova’s stream abruptly stopped. ‘This is NOT what you’re supposed to do,’ a voice in her head scolded her, followed by a flurry of unpleasant thoughts. ‘You’re not supposed to pee standing up. You’re not supposed to pee in the shower. You’re definitely not supposed to pee in someone else’s shower, or watch your friend pee standing up. What are you doing? You’re so weird! Stop it!’

Nova hadn’t gotten close to emptying her bladder, and now she ached with the need to finish. But, after hearing the knock, even the sound of the faucet wasn’t enough to get her to relax again.

“Ummm… Shelby?” Emmett called. “Dad came home. He’s in the shower and he needs more shampoo… Is there any in there?”

“Tell him to wait,” Shelby shouted back.

“Um…” Emmett hesitated. “Well… Actually… I, uh… Also, I need to… To pee… Are you almost—“

“Ugh, fine…” Shelby huffed. She lowered her voice. “Uh… Nova, run the water in the tub for a couple seconds and come out.”

‘But, I’m not finished!’ Nova wanted to protest. She was STILL trying to get her bladder to unclench and release the remainder of her urine, but it was continuing to refuse. She forced herself not to complain. Now that her boyfriend was on the other side of that door, the odds of her convincing her body to relax enough that she’d be able to pee, standing up, into a shower drain were probably even less than zero.

She could… She could hold the rest for a bit, she decided. She flicked the tub on in order to wash away any puddles left behind, and heard Emmett moan at the noise.

“Ohhhh, come on!” Emmett whined. “I thought you said you were gonna let me—“

“I am,” Shelby said. “Just hang on.”

“I’m TRYING but it’s really hard when you’re RUNNING THE FAUCETS so much!”

“You want me to be clean, don’t you?”

Nova quickly shut the water back off as she listened to them bicker. Emmett didn’t deserve being made to hold it just because she wanted to… do this weird thing. She hurriedly put her clothes back on and stepped out of the tub. Something about her foot hitting the cold tile floor— even through her sock— sent a tight ripple of need up her leg to wrap itself firmly around her bladder. She looked at the toilet for a second, her body begging her to USE it. She’d sat on a toilet and peed IN FRONT of Emmett once before when it was an emergency. If she could do THAT, she could definitely finish up in the toilet with him on the other side of a door…

He knocked again, “Shelby, please? You saw the size of that soda I had at the movie!”

Nova made herself turn away from the toilet. She could hold on until he was done, at least. She’d gotten SOME of her burden out, and he hadn’t peed at all. It was only fair to let him go now.

“Alright already!” Shelby groaned as she flung open the door. “Sheesh! You act like I’ve been making you hold it for days!”

Emmett had been about to rush in, but he stood in the doorway and stared. “Um… You were in here together…?” he asked. “

“Yeah,” Shelby said.

“What were—“

“I thought you had to pee SO bad?” Shelby interrupted. “If you don’t go, I’ll just shut the door again, so—“

“I do, I do!” Emmett said, hurrying past her.   Nova followed Shelby out and shut the door so Emmett could have privacy. She heard him frantically unzipping and the distinct trickle of his stream a second later. “Ahh…” he sighed.

Nova flinched at all the noises. She still needed to go! Her bladder was angry and thrashing after having its relief interrupted like that. She’d never had her body just… Stop peeing like that before. Usually, once she’d started, she’d finish. It hurt so bad to have something startle her into shutting down again. She lingered by the door, tapping her feet anxiously.

“You… Did you not finish?” Shelby asked.

Nova shook her head. “When he knocked, it freaked me out, and then I couldn’t keep going because… It was embarrassing with him there. I don’t know…”

“You can finish when he’s done,” Shelby shrugged. “It’ll only be, like, five minutes. Takes him longer to wash his hands after than it takes him to pee… Which is saying a lot because I’ve seen him pee for a real long time before, and—“

“Shelby, you aren’t helping…” Nova said as she turned in tiny circles, her hands clenching into fists at her sides.

“Sorry…”

Nova heard the toilet flush and squatted down slightly against her will. “Ah— Oh my God…” she groaned, hands going to clutch at her groin tightly. ‘Jeez, second time today I’m about to wet myself…’ she thought miserably. ‘All because I had to be a weirdo.’

She heard Emmett flick the faucet on and jiggled urgently as she listened to him wash his hands. Nova was, by far, the most accommodating person when it came to Emmett’s contamination anxiety and related compulsions. She understood that he couldn’t help it if some faulty area of his brain decided to tell him he had to scrub his hands for two minutes every time he peed, but… She REALLY wished he’d hurry it up this time!

Finally, he opened the door. He was carrying a bottle of shampoo, so Nova supposed he’d been telling the truth about needing to get some for his Dad. He was still looking at her and Shelby oddly though. “Um… What were you guys doing in here?”

“We were hiding live cockroaches in your body wash,” Shelby answered. “You ruined the surprise.”

“We weren’t,” Nova said. “Promise. Besides, I think they’d die inside the bottle anyway, so—“

“Shelby…” Emmett sighed, walking past her towards their Dad’s room.

Nova went back into the restroom and locked the door. She looked at the toilet, her straining bladder nearly making her leak at the very sight of it. She was about to pull down her panties and sit, when she stopped.

It had been so easy to aim her stream in the tub…

But… No. If something went wrong, she’d make a huge mess in someone else’s house!

She’d just… Try for a second. If it didn’t work, she’d just jump into the tub and let it finish there. She lifted the lid and seat of the toilet, then pulled down her skirt and underwear, letting them fall to her ankles. Next, she positioned her hands, pulled them upwards and…

HSSSSSSSSS!

Peed hard, her stream slammed into the bowl and rippled against the water. For some reason, when small bubbles appeared on the surface of the water, she was fascinated by them. It was interesting how the water reacted to her urine, having never been able to actually watch it come out like this before. The relief she’d been craving returned to her, feeling even better than it had before. “Ahhh…”

Several seconds later, she felt that she was almost empty, and she remembered what Shelby had said about how difficult it could be to finish. She pushed as hard as she could, but the final drizzle of her pee still rolled down her inner thigh…

She wiped it off with some toilet paper, then realized she needed to wipe off the rim of the bowl a little bit too. Some of her urine had spattered as it had landed in the bowl.

She pulled up her clothes, flushed the toilet, and took a step back. That had been… Really, really fun.

But, it was also so weird. She understood now how desperate Shelby must have been at the movie theater to do that when someone she knew could easily notice. Nova could name a TON of people that she’d just DIE if they ever found out she could do this— That she LIKED doing it!

If her Dad found out, what would he say? He was pretty strict, had a bit of a ‘this is the way things should be, so this is how they WILL be’ sort of mindset. His daughter peeing like a boy probably wouldn’t mesh well with it.

And her Mom… She’d always wanted more of a girly-girl daughter that she could dress up. While she didn’t get angry at Nova for liking tough ‘boyish’ things like dressing in camouflage, watching zombie movies or keeping pet bugs, Nova could still feel her disappointment every time she failed to get excited over dresses or make-up. She didn’t think Mom would be MAD if she found out about Nova’s new talent, but it would be really awkward between them for a long time.

Mostly, she was worried what Emmett would think. Shelby had already SAID he thought this was weird. And, when Nova had told him she thought he looked really cute while he was peeing, he hadn’t been… Upset or disgusted by it, but it was obvious how unsure the idea made him feel, that he had no idea what to make of it. If he knew she’d just discovered how fun it is to play around with her own stream, she was sure those feelings would grow.

Nova decided she could keep this just between her and Shelby for now. Just their own little secret.

***

Keeping it a secret was easy for a while. Nova would sit to pee at school and in other public places, then stand up to go when she was at home and had the door locked. It became a game to see how far away from the toilet she could stand and still hit the target. There were a few times that she needed to wipe off the floor really quickly and hope that she didn’t leave anything behind, but that wasn’t a big deal. The closest she came to getting caught was a day where she forgot to put the seat down— But, of course, her Mom jumped straight to yelling at her Dad about that.

Nova wasn’t sure WHY this was so fun for her. She had always had an interest in psychology and how the brain worked, so she couldn’t stop thinking there must have been a deeper reason for anything a person did. When she was ten and asked for psychology books for Christmas, her parents had been a little confused. (“What kind of kid asks for therapy textbooks for Christmas?!”) but they’d gotten the books for her anyway. Some of them were super, super old and the stuff in them was considered out-of-date. Like, one guy a long time ago said that all girls had an inherent desire for a penis and that any emotional problems could be traced back to not resolving those feelings.

Nova doubted that was why she enjoyed peeing this way. She sure didn’t LIKE the idea of waking up one day and suddenly having a dick. She knew she’d been a little… weirdly fascinated by pee ever since she realized that Emmett was ridiculously adorable whenever he was urinating, so maybe that was why. She just had that… thing— whatever it was— about pee, and this was a new way to explore it.

Whatever the reason, Nova was able to keep her new ‘hobby’ a secret from everyone until the day of a big school field trip. They were going to hike to the top of a big nature trail all day, spend the night camping there, and then head back down the next day. They were given a list of things to bring with them on the trip, and the most important thing was to carry plenty of water.

Nova listened and kept herself hydrated as they started up the trail. So did Shelby and Emmett. The three stayed towards the back of the group so they could talk to each other. Before long, all three of them really needed a bathroom break. And they weren’t the only ones, most of their grade was complaining of desperation.

Their teacher, at the front of the group, assured them that there were numerous rest areas along the trail where everyone would be able to pee. But, the longer they walked with no sign of one, the less confident Nova felt in her ability to wait. She’d had way more water than either of her friends had, thanks to recalling something her Dad had said about how it’s good to load up on water right at the START of exercising to condition oneself better.

Too bad he hadn’t mentioned how difficult exercising was going to get once that water had decided it was time to come OUT.

Walking with a full bladder was a nightmare even on a flat terrain, but when she had to look out for fallen branches and sudden dips in the path, had to keep adjusting the placement of her feet and hop over things, it was even worse. She couldn’t take those slow, careful steps that her bladder was asking for because she didn’t want to get TOO far behind all the others. But, moving too fast made her opening sear and spasm twitchily.

She wanted to hold herself, but someone might notice and make fun of her. She wanted to dart behind a bush and squat down to let it flow, but someone could easily notice that too, AND she could be left behind. Most of all, she wanted to hide behind a tree and blast her piss against it as hard as she possibly could, standing up. But, someone would DEFINITELY notice if she did THAT.

Nova had peed outside only once before. She lived in the suburbs, after all. It wasn’t often she needed to turn nature into a toilet. But, one night she’d been catching fireflies in the park and when she realized she needed a toilet break, she found the bathroom had been locked up since it was after-hours. No one was around, so she found a big, concealing bush and did what she’d needed to do. It hadn’t been too terrible letting go outdoors, she’d just squatted down low to the ground and relaxed. The only problem was that she accidentally sprayed one of her socks a tiny bit.

But, now she didn’t HAVE to squat, she could control where her pee went and her sock would be FINE this time. If she was alone now like she’d been that night in the park, she would be watering a tree by now for sure!

But, she wasn’t alone. So, she had to hold it. Hold it, hold it, hold it…

 Ah! She couldn’t hold it!

With a horrific, earthquaking spasm from within her bladder, Nova cupped herself tightly, but to no avail. A strangled, aching jet of pee burst past all her clenching, warming her underwear before starting to trickle down her leg. No, no, no… She was losing it, she was losing it, ah—

The unmistakable heated dampness sent a ripple of shock and need through her body that was powerful enough to squeeze out another spurt. Ohhh—

She came to a sudden, dead stop, thankful that she was at the very back of the group. She had to… Just… Get a little out. A little bit, so that she could keep walking. How— She reached beneath her skirt, tugged her panties over a bit so that they were hopefully out of the way and her pee would just flow through part of one of the leg holes. Fighting a horrified, pained groan, she spread her feet just a little and allowed her muscles to partially relax.

Hsss….

Pee dribbled into the dirt below her.

‘Oh my God…’ Nova thought. ‘What am I doing?’ She couldn’t help herself as she let her pee slowly trickle downwards, she didn’t feel her underwear heating, so she knew she was missing them now, her legs remained dry… She fought as hard as she could for control, straining to withhold the immense flood with all her strength. She continued to let go of the tiny gushes and trickles that wanted so badly to turn into the spray she was struggling to hold onto. She bit back an intense noise as a more ferocious stream escaped and splashed the dirt between her legs.

Drip, drop, drip, drop… Down, down into the dirt.

She was peeing— She was having an accident— But at least none of it was ending up on her or her clothes. Her underwear was dry, her skin was was devoid of urine. No one would be able to tell. There was a tiny sensation of relief as some of the pressure dissipated from her body, and she nearly moaned. Hesitantly, she relaxed further. If she could get enough out, just a little more, then she could make it to the rest area without exploding for sure…

The torrent that gushed from her during the next half-second was well beyond ‘just a little more’. With the slow easing of her holding muscles, her bladder burst with a loud hiss, startling her as now she WAS getting her underwear a little damp again. Too much, she was going too much— Ahhhh, but it felt so good, though! It felt so, so—

Shelby looked back over her shoulder, “Nova?” she called. “Keep up! Don’t want you to get lost!”

It was the threat of total and complete public humiliation that made Nova find the strength to stop peeing. She clamped her muscles down hard, the flow ceasing immediately as she crossed her legs and clutched herself with both hands as hard as she could. It was Hell to stop in the middle like that— And the memory of stopping herself midstream the day Shelby had taught her how to stand came flooding back to her. It had hurt a lot that day, but today it was TORTURE. She was still dying to pee, still needed to let it out so, so badly, still so beyond full…

Shelby, whom Nova now saw had a hand wedged between her thighs, stumbled back towards her. “Come on…” she said, helping her along. “I know… You need to go real bad. So do I. Just hold on.”

If she noticed the little puddle beneath where Nova was standing, Shelby didn’t say anything. They caught back up to the group, and Nova now saw how bad off Emmett was as well. He had his hands shoved in his pockets, but she could tell he’d only done that in order to discreetly grab at his crotch through the material. “H—How much further…?” he asked.

Nova knew he was asking her, because she was usually the one to save him or keep him calm when something was upsetting him, but she didn’t know how close they were to a rest area either, and she was having a hard time looking at him after what she’d just done… She’d just… Deliberately… Let herself pee on the ground where anyone could see. And without even pulling her panties down first, just tugging them to the side and hoping for the best… She felt clammy dampness between her thighs, and was disgusted with herself.

“I… I don’t know,” Nova told him. “Hopefully really close.”

Emmett was looking at her now with those big, watery eyes that always made her heart melt, made her want to wrap him up in a blanket and cuddle him forever… “I… Um… I really…”

“It’s alright…” Nova tried to assure. But, how could she tell him that after what her own desperation had just driven HER to do?!

Half an hour of pained, urgent walking later, they arrived at a rest stop. And Nova and Shelby discovered one of the bad things about walking BEHIND everyone else; It meant they ended up being last in line for the toilets they needed so much. And, since everybody ahead of them was just as desperate as they were, that meant they were in for a longer wait.

“I hate this…” Shelby mumbled to herself as she jumped in place. “I hate this, I hate this…” There was a really long line for the guys’ bathroom too this time, but it was moving much more quickly. She saw her brother at the end of it, crossing his legs and doubling over. She was actually pretty shocked to see him there, she had no doubt the toilets here were absolutely revolting. She’d expected him to insist he could hold it until they left tomorrow, or choose some other ridiculous decision that only Emmett would make. But, apparently he was actually going to pee here.

If Shelby didn’t have to piss so bad, maybe she’d go over and congratulate him for being rational for once in his life…

Whatever. She’d give him a gold star later, or something.

Nova stood behind Shelby, she lowered her voice to a whisper. “I… I don’t think I can make it…”

“You can,” Shelby said. “You’re strong… You’re… Nnnh,” she grumbled out. “I gotta go sooo bad…”

The line crawled forward, as each girl ahead of them was carrying a bladder full enough to need at least forty-five whole seconds to empty out all the way. Nova was surprised no one had had an accident. Once she was close enough to hear the toilets flushing, she folded over almost in half and moaned as loud as she could. She couldn’t hold it, she couldn’t hold it, she couldn’t…

Ahhh, she was surrounded by trees! She could pee on them so easily! But, someone would SEE, and they’d think she was weird, they’d think she was a freak, they’d—

Finally, she and Shelby were next in line. Please, please, just a few more seconds… And, Nova discovered one cause of the problem was the fact that there were only three stalls in here. When two of them opened up, breathless girls departing from them to wash their hands, Nova and Shelby rushed for them frantically.

Shelby fumbled her zipper down, a squirt of pee escaping her immediately. She should just stand, go through the zipper, there wasn’t time to—

She could hear the girls at the sink talking, voices she recognized from several of her classes. She heard the third stall open as one girl came out and another rushed in.

She had to sit.

She yanked her pants down as fast as possible and collapsed onto the toilet, breathing heavily as she gave up fighting and let go. Pee gushed into the bowl as she unleashed a spectacular flood.

In the other stall, Nova yanked down her underwear and sat on the bowl, instantly unleashing a deluge that left her trembling. “Haaahhhh….” Her grunts of pain turned into moans of immense relief. She peed and peed until the heavy, rough swell in her middle drained out and her stomach became flat once more.

She stood, flushed and left the stall.

A few minutes later, Emmett rushed up to her when he saw her leave the restroom. “Nova, Nova!” he cried out in an urgent, hissing whisper.

Nova looked him over, and it was obvious that his bladder was still full… “Emmett, are you—“

“The bathroom here is… I can’t go in it, I just can’t. I’m sorry, I—“

Nova put a hand up to stop him. “It’s… Okay. You do need to face your fears, th—“

“Can I please not face them when I’m already about to wet myself?” Emmett interrupted.

“Alright, not today… But, you need to go…”

“Yes,” Emmett nodded frantically. “Gonna…” he lowered his voice until it was even softer than before. “Gonna use a tree… Stand guard for me? Please? Y—You can even watch!”

Nova blushed hard. She… Would NOT object to seeing him make that cute face again… “O—Of course, Emmett… It’s okay…”

So, Nova took Emmett behind several trees, away from the view of any of their classmates or teachers. She watched as he hurried to unzip and immediately let his stream flow against a tree, so easily…

Nova COULD have peed on this tree, too. She could have done that rather than wait in that long line and nearly have an accident.

She could have, if only she hadn’t been so scared of someone noticing… Someone judging…

“Haaahhhh…” Emmett breathed out, breaking her from her thoughts. “Th—Thank you…”

Nova’s face reddened at the sweet smile on his lips, at the way his chest heaved up and down while all that tension left him… She wanted to HUG him from behind while he continued on looking so ridiculously lovable, but she didn’t think he’d like to be touched while he relieved himself.

Soon, the class was back on the main trail again.

And a few painful hours later, Nova realized that when her teachers had said there would be ‘a few’ rest stops along the trail, they should have said ‘one at the halfway point, and one at the end near the campsite.’ And of course, this correction wasn’t made until she really and several of her classmates REALLY had to pee again.

Her bladder was already exhausted and irritated after what had happened earlier in the day, another to-the-limit hold so soon was the LAST thing it wanted right now. But, it was clear as could be that that WAS what it would be getting, anyway. Her breaths came in choppy, panicked gasps as alarm grew in her chest; she’d only BARELY made it to the half-way point and, in order to accomplish that, she’d had to… To pause for a bit and let quite a bit out into the dirt. She’d gotten lucky that time, no one had noticed what she was doing as she froze at the end of the line and hesitantly allowed her bladder to trickle. She was doubtful she could get that lucky two times in one day. No matter how bad her urge got, she couldn’t allow herself to act on such animalistic instincts again, couldn’t risk letting herself get caught doing it.

So, when she learned she wouldn’t be seeing a toilet until they made it to the campsite, horror grew within her as she realized she was going to have to hold her exhausted, worn out and tired bladder for several more hours, without so much as a brief respite.

Nova didn’t know if she could do that…

Her friends— and the people ahead of them in the group— didn’t seem to be fairing that much better. Nova saw quite a few of her classmates pause and bend over slightly, a few of the guys would palm at the crotch of their pants. Some of the girls had a bounce in their steps that hadn’t been there before.

“You heard what they said at the start too, right?” Shelby asked, irritated as she tugged nervously at the waistband of her pants. “They said there would be a FEW rest-stops, right? I didn’t imagine that?”

“Th—They definitely did say there would be multiple,” Nova agreed. That was why she’d stupidly allowed herself to drink so much. That and the sort of graphic warnings about dehydration she’d listened to before they began to walk. Now, she thought she might have preferred passing out after not drinking enough water. Anything had to be better than what she was feeling now.

Emmett didn’t seem any better off than she was, which both surprised and interested her. She’d seen him pee a whole lot at their last rest-stop, was he that full again? Or was his bladder just sore, like her own was? “I think the worst part is how there’s tree everywhere…” he said. “If I wasn’t worried about getting lost with everyone else still walking, I’d…” he blushed hard.

“I would, too,” Shelby said. “I feel like I could flood one of them so much right now that it wouldn’t need water for another year.”

Emmett flinched, “Shelby…”

Nova bit her tongue. She’d been about to agree with them and say how much SHE wouldn’t mind peeing on a tree, but it really looked like Emmett didn’t want to hear her say that. “I… Uh… Shouldn’t have drank so much water. It was too much…” she said instead.

***

It took a very long time for them to finally reach the top of the trail. The sky had begun to turn orange with the setting sun, and it would have been a very nice view if Nova had actually been able to focus on it. She couldn’t though. All she could focus on was the unfathomably pressure in her bladder and the revolting shame in her chest every time she felt her underwear squish between her thighs.

Yes, she hadn’t been able to make it to the finish line without another huge leak. And, this time she’d been so scared of being caught that she hadn’t parted her legs and moved her panties out of the way like she’d done the first time. Instead, she’d just forced herself to keep walking as little gushes of pee forced their ways past her trembling holding muscles and warmed her clothing. She was eventually able to stop it, but the clammy feeling down below told her that she’d lost control for way longer than was acceptable.

‘You’re probably not the only one that peed in their clothes a little,’ Nova told herself. ‘Everybody else is holding it too. I bet lots of them leaked.’ She looked at the back of Shelby’s pants and saw just a small dark spot, confirming that her friend must have had a momentary lapse in control at some point too. She was about to look at Emmett’s crotch and see if he’d gotten wet at all, but stopped when she finally saw the rest-area she’d been dying for.

Yet again, she and Shelby had the bad luck of getting stuck almost at the very end of the line.

“Ughhh, come on!” Shelby complained. “I’ve been holding it forever!”

Nova bounced beside her, and kept looking at all the trees. Ohhh, if only she wasn’t so scared! She just wanted to use one! She’d feel so much better!

But, someone could see… If one of the meaner girls in her class saw her do that, she’d never hear the end of it. If a teacher saw, she’d probably be in lots of trouble. If Emmett saw her do it…

Where was Emmett, anyway?

She looked up and down the line for the men’s room— Which she KNEW he really had to use— but didn’t see him. She looked around some more, and spotted him anxiously leaning against a tree with his legs crossed as he bounced up and down.

‘Probably figures this bathroom’s as gross as the last one was…’ Nova figured. ‘Doesn’t wanna use it.’ She bent at the knees and put her hands between her legs again, grimacing at the damp feeling of her underwear. She flinched more when she felt new warmth seeping into them.

She hadn’t even felt that leak coming.

‘I’m not gonna make it…’ Nova thought miserably. ‘No. No. You will! Be strong. Be strong. Be strong…’ She looked back towards Emmett. ‘And, he’s probably waiting for you to use the toilet so he can ask you to keep watch again. So, you CAN’T pee yourself, he needs your help still.’

Nova gritted her teeth hard, tensed all her muscles and, to her dismay, another pulse of pee pumped its way right out of her anyway. ‘Ahhh… No. I can’t… YOU CAN. YOU CAN HOLD IT. JUST HOLD IT. JUST—‘ Nova noticed Emmett suddenly go very pale. A dark patch bloomed over his crotch. A flash of panic went across his face as he grabbed himself.

‘Gah, now you’re both gonna pee yourselves,’ Nova thought. Without really thinking about it, Nova stepped out of the line.

“Wh—What are you doing?” Shelby asked. Against her own will, she looked down, expecting to see pee gushing between her friend’s legs as she lost control of her bladder.

“Y—Your brother won’t use the toilets here,” Nova said. “Gonna go keep watch while he uses a tree.”

Shelby sighed at that news. She wasn’t going to be giving him a gold star anymore. “But, you—“

“There’s no way I’m gonna make it through the line,” Nova said. “At least this way, only one of us is gonna wet themselves.” She stumbled over to where Emmett was waiting. “I—If you need me to keep watch agai—“

“Don’t you still need to—“

“It’s fine,” Nova promised. “Come on, let’s find you a good spot.”

It only took about a minute to find a brush-filled area far enough away from everyone else for Emmett to relieve himself undisturbed. “Th—Thank you…” he said. “I just… I can’t use the toilets here. I’m sorry.”

“I—It’s fine…” Nova assured. She was still crossing her legs, still holding herself. Still TRYING to keep her pee inside her body even though she’d just said a few minutes ago that she knew it was a lost cause. She’d admitted defeat already, accepted that an accident was inevitable, but still couldn’t stop putting forth the effort to prevent it. “H—Hey, you’re going on a trip where you’re gonna sleep in a tent, on the ground, with nowhere to shower before bed. That’s a big enough step. Y—You don’t need to try to do ev—everything at once.”

Emmett smiled at her. “Thanks…” he repeated. He unzipped, his stream coming out right away, along with one of his usual, cute sighs.   Even with her bladder begging her not to, screaming at her that this was the last thing she should do when she needed to pee so badly, Nova watched as Emmett’s urine spattered against the bark of a tree. She watched his shoulders collapse and his back shake with relief.

He looked so adorable that way… It made her want to nuzzle him. It made her want to hug him so tight. It made her want to…

It made her want to PEE.

It made her want to PEE so bad!

Another jet of pee sprang from her bladder. Then another. And another. And another. And she couldn’t hold it. She couldn’t! And it was unfair, because SHE could use a tree just as well as he could, and there were trees everywhere, and she couldn’t HOLD it, and—

“Ah— I— Emmett, don’t look at me!” Nova whimpered out. She tugged her underwear down, let them fall around her ankles, she was about to crouch, but she was already going so much. It was beading down her legs, and she didn’t have time to try to squat, to find a way to position herself that wouldn’t get her wetter. She was already IN a position that could accomplish that if she would just—

“Don’t look, don’t look!” Nova repeated frantically, as she placed her hands and pulled up on her labia, her pee now arced forwards just like Emmett’s was, spattering against the tree and landing next to where his own stream was falling.

Emmett didn’t look at Nova, but he couldn’t help but look at the second jet of urine. “O… Oh…” he said after a moment, dimly. Somehow, seeing a second girl do this was less shocking than the first had been.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I couldn’t hold it, I’m sorry!” Nova kept repeating. She was so… So… She didn’t even know how to finish the thought. So sorry? So embarrassed? So ashamed? So fucking relieved that she could barely think?

“Did… Did Shelby teach you that?” Emmett asked. He was still facing ahead, not daring to look over AT Nova after she’d specifically begged him not to do it.

“Yeah…” Nova said. “I don’t know— I saw she could do it, and I got curious, and— I’m sorry…”

“It’s… Okay,” Emmett said. “You just… Couldn’t wait anymore… N—Not the first time we’ve peed together, either…”

“But, that time I wasn’t—“

“For some reason this isn’t as weird as when Shelby does it,” Emmett said. “I think when that happens I’m more freaked about because— you know— she’s my sister, and everything.”

So, that WAS the bigger concern he had? Not JUST that a girl was peeing like a boy, but that said girl was his sister?

Nova felt much better, so much better that she was more able to ENJOY releasing her full bladder now. “Ahhh…” She was still surprised by how much she’d lost control of herself there, breaking down and peeing, standing up, in front of the person she was MOST scared of doing that in front of. But, it looked like everything was going to work out just fine after all. He wasn’t upset with her, or repulsed, or uncomfortable. In fact, he still looked REALLY comfortable. He still had that sweet, little smile on his face he always got when he peed, the one that made him look so happy and at ease. Even with her right there and doing something that both of them knew was really strange.

Emmett finished first and zipped up, then he turned away. Nova was grateful he wasn’t watching. Even if this wasn’t bothering him to the extent she’d feared it would, she didn’t want him to look. When her pee wound down, she pushed down extra hard, and for the first time didn’t have the last little bit of it go down her leg.

Not that it made too much of a difference. Her panties were damp anyway from all the leaking. She wanted to change them… “O—Okay, you can turn around now,” she said.

Emmett did. “I’m sorry,” he said.

“Why are YOU sorry?”

“Because I’m sure that was really embarrassing,” Emmett tried to explain. “And, I know you wouldn’t have done that if you could help it, so your bladder must have been hurting, and—“

“I’M sorry,” Nova repeated. “That was… I shouldn’t have done that in front of you. It freaked you out.”

“It’s… Alright, I mean, I’m not going to pretend I don’t think it’s weird,” Emmett said. “For whatever reason it’s LESS weird the second time around, though. And, since you’re not related to me, and didn’t try to talk to me the whole time like Shelby does, it wasn’t SO awkward, and… I mean, I guess now if we get married, at least we won’t ever have to argue about putting the seat back down?”

Nova laughed, “Heh, yeah. That’s true.”

“But, wow… I don’t think Shelby’s even ever done that when our classmates are nearby,” Emmett said.

“I don’t think she has,” Nova agreed. “She’s probably too nervous to do that. I know I am… I’m glad you’re the only one that saw… And that you didn’t get mad about it.”

“Heh, I won’t get mad over this,” Emmett promised. “Don’t worry.”

*028*2022-07-14 02:45

This one was commissioned as well.

###

Emmett had meant what he’d said, he wasn’t angry or upset about Nova’s unusual interest in peeing. If she wanted to pee like a boy, that was fine, it was her body and she could do what she wanted with it so long as it wasn’t harmful, and he had no reason to think that just standing up to pee could somehow hurt her.

It was also less strange seeing a SECOND girl pee like a guy, having seen Shelby do it so many times, the initial shock factor of it was pretty much gone. It was apparently just a thing some girls COULD do and some girls couldn’t, or maybe… Just didn’t know HOW to?

It was still a LITTLE weird to him, but he was starting to get more used to it.

He also didn’t mind that Nova apparently thought he looked cute while peeing, or while desperate to pee. Though, that was something he couldn’t understand at all. He could at least see WHY a person would want to pee standing up— It was faster, could be done more discreetly, was much easier to do when one was somewhere without actual bathrooms… Shelby had said it was just ‘convenient’ or ‘fun’ lots of times.

But, just watching someone else hold their bladder and then finally relieve themselves? He still couldn’t grasp the appeal of it. Nova had explained it to him a few times— Apparently, the faces he made while peeing were cute and that was a big part of it for her— but he still didn’t think he really ‘got’ it.

He’d decided to do some research online one night, and learned that there were actually lots of other people who enjoyed seeing someone endure a full bladder or watching them pee. So, Nova’s interest wasn’t AS bizarre as he’d thought, if a bunch of people shared it.

The things he read online referred to it as a kink or fetish, and Emmett had suspected that it was something like that. A part of him actually felt a little warm and tingly at the thought that he could turn her on with something so incredibly simple— It’s not like he ever had to WORK to make his bladder fill up, it did that perfectly fine on its own.

He read further, and found that there were lots of things people with pee kinks enjoyed doing… Some of which Emmett couldn’t see himself ever doing. He had no issue with letting her watch him pee— Maybe he’d even… Maybe he’d even consider holding it for her for a little while— Just not TOO long! But, some people liked to wet themselves on purpose, or have someone go ON them, or drink it… Emmett didn’t know a whole lot about kinks, but he was pretty sure the term for what those last few things were to him was ‘hard limit’, or something like that. He was ninety-nine percent sure he wouldn’t ever want to try them.

He wondered if he should talk to Nova about this a little more, find out where exactly her interests laid, discuss boundaries for if they ever decided to… Explore this at all. None of the activities he’d read about really ‘did’ anything for him, he didn’t feel himself getting turned on by any of it, but a lot of it didn’t repulse him or really freak him out, either. He’d be willing to try something, even if he doubted he’d get that much out of it.

He went to bed eventually, and after battling his restless insomnia for an hour, he finally fell asleep. When he woke, he was quite anxious— He’d just had one of the weirdest dreams of his life!

It had started out normal enough, he’d just been lost in a huge shopping mall and trying very desperately to find a restroom— The sort of dream he pretty much ALWAYS had if his bladder was trying to wake him up. But, then it got strange when Nova showed up and very quickly found him a toilet. She’d stayed to watch, which he said was okay, but then his dream-self did something he didn’t think his real-self would EVER do— Asked her to AIM for him.

She’d obliged, very enthusiastically, and he’d emptied his bladder as she’d stroked his dick. After he’d finished peeing, she’d continued to pump his cock until he came. He’d had PLENTY of very enjoyable dreams involving her touching him and bringing him to orgasm, but NEVER one like that.

What had that dream MEANT?

Did it HAVE to mean anything at all?

It was probably just because of the stuff he’d been reading before bed, right? Nothing deeper than that…

As he continued to think about it, Emmett’s hand went between his legs and he cringed when he felt dampness there. His heart skipped a beat— He’d peed in his dream, hadn’t he? He hadn’t wet the bed EVER, why would it—

When he pulled the sheet down, he realized that the fluid coating the crotch of his pajama pants definitely WASN’T urine. He grimaced. ‘Come on… Not again…’ He stood from his bed and got some new clothes to change into, then entered the restroom.

When he saw the toilet, he had to cross his legs. His morning pee really wanted out… Ordinarily, he would just take care of it now, but something about his dream was making him hesitant about letting go of everything he was holding. He wasn’t sure why he felt the need to keep containing it, but he needed to figure it out quickly; If he didn’t get rid of the urine soon it was probably going to spray out regardless of what he wanted.

‘Am I saving it for some reason?’ he wondered to himself, starting to walk in place as he continued to mull it over. ‘Am I saving it for Nova?’ Emmett didn’t want to admit it, but he knew that had to be the truth. ‘What? Like, hold it until you get to school so she can see you squirming? You probably won’t even make it all the way there in time— And if you do, you’ll have to use the grody toilets, and it’s not like she can follow you into the men’s room to watch…’

‘Wait, now it’s sounding like I really… Like I just WANT her to watch. I guess I could…’ Emmett sighed. He wished he’d never had that dream, now everything was confusing and he was having weird ideas. ‘It… It will make her happy,’ he thought, telling himself that was the ONLY reason he was considering going through with his new idea.

He got changed, cracked open the door to the restroom, and went back to his bedroom. His phone was on the nightstand. He grabbed it before returning to the restroom he’d just left. ‘Do I… Really want to do this?’ he kept asking himself. ‘It’s— It’s just gonna stay between us. Nobody has to know about it…’ His eyes kept drawing back towards the toilet— After not peeing all night, he really DID have to go. Not much time left to make a decision before his body made it for him.

‘Nova always says your FACE is cute when you do this, so you don’t have to record any… Nudity, I don’t think.’ Emmett wouldn’t be comfortable having a video showing his genitals saved to his phone. ‘Just your face, and the sound…’ Emmett lifted the lid and seat on the toilet, unzipped himself, then opened the camera app on the phone. He rested it on the counter so that it was pointed towards him and had a clear view of his face— flushed red with a major blush. ‘I’m ACTUALLY doing this!?’

A dribble of pee fell into the toilet without permission— Now that he was in the position to let go, his bladder was beyond fed-up with all the waiting he continued to do. ‘Just— Just record it for now. Don’t have to send it if you change your mind.’ He hit the button and the phone started to film him. “Uh—Um— Hey, Nova… Good morning. Or afternoon. Or— Whenever I decide to send this to you. Just— Uh— Just wanted to say that… I promise I don’t think… I don’t think any of that stuff we talked about on the field trip was weird, or… I don’t mind it at all— I’m just getting used to it, and it’s okay, so don’t worry, I—“

There was a pinching feeling around his bladder, and his stream started to hiss forcefully into the bowl. “Haaahhhh…” he sighed, eyelids fluttering. “S—Sorry, I’ve… Uh… I’ve been needing to do this all morning, I— I couldn’t wait anymore, sorry… Ahhhh…” A small smile spread across his face as his breathing grew more even and slow. “That’s— Uh— That’s better…”

After he’d finished peeing and stopped the recording, he stood there for a minute in indecision. He played the video back to himself. ‘Oh, my face is so red…’ he thought. It felt incredibly strange to be watching himself pee. ‘Hey, Shelby’s right— I DO kinda shiver a lot when I go, what’s up with that?’ He supposed the video wasn’t BAD, Nova probably WOULD like it.

He slowly tapped the screen on his phone a few more times, and found himself checking over and over again that he’d selected the correct contact from the list before sending the video. He put the phone away. And immediately took it back out to check for a response. ‘Give her some time to WATCH it, at least,’ he scolded himself. He pushed open the door to the restroom and found Shelby standing there impatiently.

“Other people have to piss too, you know?” Shelby told him.

“S—Sorry, I was— I had to go bad, so it took—“

“Well, I STILL have to go bad,” Shelby said, scrambling into the bathroom after he’d left.

Emmett heard her stream starting to hiss into the toilet and was about to walk off when she started to talk again; “Ahhh— By the way, why the HELL were you talking to Nova on the phone while you were PISSING?”

Emmett froze. “Wha—What?”

“I heard you in here,” Shelby said. “Something about how you ‘don’t mind’ whatever it is she told you during the field trip? And then your bladder, like, exploded and I guess you started apologizing because you were making her listen to you piss?”

Emmett was immensely grateful to himself for keeping the ‘stuff’ he and Nova had discussed on the trip so vague. He realized now how horribly risky it had been to say anything at all— This piss thing was Nova’s secret, not HIS. She’d probably be really upset if Shelby found out about it.

“Um, well,” Emmett said. “I… She called when I was right about to go, and I didn’t want to—“

“Alright, I guess,” Shelby said, leaving the restroom. “Still kinda weird, though.”

***

Nova woke to the buzzing of her phone. She rolled over to look at the clock, realizing she still had ten minutes before she’d have to get up for school. She was about to roll back over when she noticed who the text had come from.

She sat up and opened the message, surprised to see a video file. She plugged her earbuds into the phone and started to watch it. Her heart fluttered as she listened to him nervously stumble over his words, assuring her that he was alright with her interests even if he didn’t quite understand them. She was so happy that he was being open-minded about it, that he hadn’t written it all off as disgusting or weird. He really hadn’t needed to send a whole video explaining that, he’d done a fine job of reassuring her during their trip and—

Suddenly, the only thing Nova could hear was a super loud hissing spray, and in the video Emmett’s facial muscles started to go very, very slack while he moaned.“Haaahhhh…” Her eyes widened and were now utterly glued to her phone screen.

He was… He was so adorable! She felt her cheeks heating up— Felt her entire body heating up— as she listened to him apologize about how he just couldn’t hold his bladder any longer, that he’d been holding it all morning, that he felt all better now… She wanted to be there with him, watching him gush, maybe even holding his shoulders a little as he let it go.

Heat and tingles coursed through her lower half— It wasn’t even just the video that was getting her so excited, it was the idea that he’d actually MADE this for her— He’d made something special, tailored specifically for HER because he’d known how much she’d enjoy it.

‘Wow, he had to GO…’ Nova thought when more time passed as she saw he was still peeing. ‘Poor thing, no wonder he looks so comfy now.’ She got back under the covers, a hand creeping beneath the sheet. She hesitated. She had touched herself before several times, often while thinking about Emmett, and a few times her mind had wandered to how Emmett looked while he peed— More than once, that image had been the thing to bring her to orgasm.

Would he mind if she did it to an actual video of him, though? ‘Why would he?’ she asked herself. ‘That’s WHY he sent it, isn’t it? He wants you to enjoy it.’ A hand slipped into her panties, as the other worked to rewind the video a bit— Stopping at the moment where Emmett’s bladder broke apart and began to erupt. His expression underwent an immediate transformation from flushed, tense nervousness to relaxed, blissed-out ecstasy as his pee forcefully blasted out.

A finger rubbed cautiously against the edges of her vagina, slipping inside and becoming wet. The new jolts of pleasure made her legs tremble. “Nnnh…” she grunted, blushing and moving her hand slightly to locate a small, swollen nub. She rubbed tiny circles around it, a pressure building up inside her. She was getting so hot, so worked up, and Emmett hadn’t even needed to take off his clothes or actually show his dick to create the best possible video for her.

Sensing herself getting close, she started to caress herself faster and harder, her fingertips grinding atop her clitoris so fiercely that she thought she’d burst. Every time Emmett’s stream hissed, she’d go faster and faster and fast—

The door to her room cracked open, “Nova?” her Dad said loudly into the dark. “Time to get up for school.”

Nova laid there, frozen in bed. The arousal she’d been flooded with very quickly faded away, the orgasm she’d been at the edge of failing to materialize as she panicked and hit the button to turn her phone’s screen off. It was dark in her room, the blackout curtains keeping out the morning sun, and her hand was blocked by the heavy comforter on her bed. Still, she felt like her Dad had XRAY vision and could tell exactly where it was, could see the sweaty, flushed look on her face, knew PRECISELY what she’d been up to before he’d opened the door.

Somehow, she thought, he’d even figured out WHAT she’d been watching that had gotten her in such a state.

“Y—Yes, Dad!” she said. She turned on the lamp, but didn’t move to get up yet, worried she’d gotten the sheets damp enough to be noticeable. She waited for him to leave, then got out of bed. ‘Well, that sucked,’ she thought. ‘I was so freaking close. Why didn’t I lock the door? Emmett just made me go crazy!’ She paused. ‘And… HE’S probably going crazy right now waiting for you to respond to that video.’

She opened her phone again and tried to think of the proper reply. She didn’t want to come on too strongly, so ‘That was the cutest, hottest thing I’ve ever seen, please send more like that!’ wouldn’t be the best choice. She knew he didn’t like to be teased and would likely take it the wrong way if she said ‘Oh wow, you really needed to pee! Make sure you go before recording a message next time!’

She spent way too long trying to decide on what to say, by the time she started actually typing her Dad was checking on her again. “Nova,” he said, voice more firm than before. “Get dressed. You’re going to be late.”

Nova sighed, picked out some clothes and went into the restroom. She took off her night-gown and changed, before taking several minutes to type out; “Thank you so much for this video. You look very cute here. I’m glad you are getting used to the things I like, that means a lot. And I’m happy you felt comfortable enough to record yourself doing that and send it to me.”

Finally, a thudding in her bladder reminded her that she’d been so fascinated by Emmett peeing that she’d neglected to do it herself yet today. The organ was stretched and more than a little uncomfortable after not being emptied all night. She turned to the toilet and pulled down her panties. She tucked her hands beneath her skirt and positioned them, telling her body to relax.

Her stream sprayed out in a nice arc, hissing loudly into the bowl and causing the water to ripple and bubble. Somehow, it was not until she’d actually STARTED to pee that she realized how much she’d been needing to do so. There was such an amazing, pleasant sensation of ‘shrinking’ taking place inside her abdomen now, pressure slowly dwindling and making her feel a lot more relaxed. “Ahhh…”

There was a knocking on the door, and her Mother’s voice telling her that the bus was nearly there. Nova jumped and lost control of her stream, some of it spattering the floor between her feet before she was able to clench off her flow. Her bladder, angered at having its release cut short, pumped out a protesting spurt to roll down one of her legs. “J—Just a minute!” Nova called, panicked. She hurriedly grabbed a wad of toilet paper and knelt down to clean the small puddle off of the ground. Her still upset, still full bladder protested against the painful position, and she ended up having to sit down all the way so one foot was tucked underneath her body and acting as a bit of a dam against her thundering need.

“Hurry up,” her Mom said. “Your Father and I can’t drive you today.”

Nova grimaced, dabbing away the last of the spill. The floor was clean and dry again, but her bladder was brimming and she just HAD to let it finish draining before she left— This was the kind of day where she really wished she’d gotten her license already. She tossed the toilet paper into the toilet. “Just a minute!” she repeated. “I still need to—“

“You can go at school,” her Mom interrupted. “Hurry.”

Nova wanted to protest, stopping in the middle of a pee was agonizing! She felt like she had to go way worse than she’d needed to before she’d even let go of anything! It felt like some of her urine was already out of her bladder, barely being retained in that tiny space between it and her opening. When she walked the few steps to the sink, a little dribble went down her leg. She couldn’t get on the bus like this! “I— I can’t,” she said. “It’s an emergency.”

“It’s a really short ride,” Mom said. “I’m very sorry, but you NEED to leave now.”

Nova flinched and made herself exit the restroom, ignoring the confused, rage-filled screams from inside her body. She trudged to the bus stop outside her house on shaking legs, taking careful steps as she struggled not to let the over-full cup within her abdomen tilt and spill all over her. Frustration built when she realized that TWO forms of release had been interrupted for her this morning. She hadn’t been able to climax watching Emmett’s video, and she hadn’t be able to completely empty her bladder. How was THAT fair? She should have at least been allowed to finish one of them!

There were bushes in front of her house. Dad always forgot to water them, so they looked a little brown. Nova could help them out right now. She’d peed on bushes before, no big deal. If one of her parents saw her ‘use’ them out the window, that would be really hard to explain though. She bounced and swayed indecisively. If she did it standing up, what were the odds they’d even GUESS that she was peeing? They had no idea that she could urinate that way. So, even if they saw the stream pouring out, they’d assume she was emptying a bottle, right?  Yeah, probably. She approached the bush, her back facing her house, and started to lower her underwear again, bladder trembling with anticipation. But, before she could get in the right position, the bus was coming around the corner. She knew there was no way she’d be able to start peeing and finish up before it reached the stop, so she forced herself to pull her panties back up and jiggled between her feet while the bus slowed in front of her.

She got on, and the high steps she had to take to enter were brutal on her bladder. Lifting her legs so much caused it to stretch out, her skin pulling so tight that it hurt. She even considered asking the driver if he could please, please wait out here for a minute while she ran back inside and peed— She didn’t think she could make it to school!

But, of course, she knew that wasn’t an option. The school bus had a very specific schedule, and there wasn’t anything she could do about that. She forced herself to walk down the aisle, her feet dragging now as the impact of taking REAL steps shook his bladder too much. She found Shelby and Emmett near the back and sat beside them.

Shelby snorted at the sight of her, and Nova grew concerned that her desperation was obvious. She looked down, afraid that she’d started to clutch herself without realizing it. She hadn’t. “Wha—What?” she asked.

“Pfft, when you called him this morning,” Shelby laughed. “He says he was, like, just about to piss and it was too late for him to go back to holding it.”

“Y—You can’t stop it once you’ve told yourself to go!” Emmett stammered, red in the face. “It’s impossible!”

Nova winced, she knew THAT a little too well this morning. But… “C—Called h—“

“Yeah,” Emmett said. “Earlier this morning. Remember? When I was… Um… Telling you I don’t mind that you told me how… How you’re scared of wasps during the field trip! And— And then I couldn’t hold it— I’m still REALLY sorry about that, it was so embarrassing.”

“Ohhh,” Nova said. So, Shelby had heard him when he’d been filming the video, then. She was glad he hadn’t gotten TOO specific with anything he’d said. “Oh, right. That. Well, it’s okay. I’m sorry I called when you were trying to pee.”

“That’s fine…” Emmett squeaked out.

The bus started to move again, rocking Nova’s bladder and causing her to bite back against a pained groan.

“B—By the way,” Emmett whispered to her. “There’s something else I wanted to talk to you about later.”

 Nova nodded. She didn’t feel too nervous— He’d sent her that video, which was a very obvious indication that he still loved her and didn’t view her any differently now. She was curious, however. She tried to focus herself on that curiosity, rather than on the pain and fullness rippling in waves through her lower half.

It worked for a bit, but not for long. The bumps in the road were agonizing, and she scissored her legs like crazy every time they went over one. She kept looking out the window, trying to remind herself that this wasn’t a long drive and she’d be able to go very soon. Her bladder surged and shrieked that it wasn’t going to be soon enough.

“Nnnnh, I need to freaking PISS,” Shelby muttered suddenly.

“You just went,” Emmett told her. “Remember?”

“Yeah, and then I had two glasses of water,” Shelby said. “I gotta go again.”

“I need to go too,” Nova admitted. “I didn’t have time to before school because I was… Busy with something.”

“Man, that sucks,” Shelby said. “Must be super uncomfortable now, huh?”

“Yeah…” Nova agreed. ‘Super uncomfortable’ was one way to describe it. ‘About to be ripped in half by the sheer force of the boiling piss inside her’ was another, better way though. Now that the others knew she had to go, she allowed her hand to press itself between her fidgeting legs.

“O—Oh,” Emmett said. “Well, we can wait until lunch to talk then, or… Or just… Whenever. If there’s still time before school after you’re… Done.”

Nova watched him fidget and wondered if HE needed a pee right now too— Although, she’d seen how much he’d let out just an hour ago, it was hard to believe he could be full again. But, SOMETHING was obviously making him feel even more anxious than usual. He stumbled over his words and wriggled around a LOT, but never to this extent.

“Yeah, whenever you wanna talk, it’s fine,” Nova said. “I’m definitely gonna need to use the restroom as soon as we’re there, though.”

They made it to school, and Nova gingerly and very carefully got onto her feet. Still, the impact was vicious enough for her bladder to surge, and the cup she’d been carefully balancing for all this time tilted a little too far in one direction— A stream flowed forth and warmed her crotch, she dug her hands tightly against herself and bounced in place, begging for it to stop. After four seconds of serious relief being overpowered by utter horror, she managed to cut off the flow again. But her bladder kept cramping, squeezing in on itself as her muscles fought against her, desperate to spray out all of her pee.

Her breaths came in short panicked gasps as she fought her way off the bus. She was on borrowed time now, and she knew it. She had to get to the closest toilet NOW, or else she was going to totally drench herself right here in front of the school. ‘Come on…’ she pleaded with herself. ‘You’re really close. Not much further.’

Her bladder didn’t seem to believe her, and she found herself involuntarily crouching a few steps from the front door, ankles crossed awkwardly, fighting for control. For a moment, she couldn’t do anything aside from scrunching up there and holding herself for dear life when another spurt erupted.

Emmett was beside her, as was Shelby. “Are you alright?” Emmett asked her.

Finally, the spasm faded and she was able to unwrap herself from the knot she’d tied herself up in. She forced her way through the door. “F—Fine,” she promised. “Just— Gah, I’m never skipping my morning pee again…”

“Good,” Shelby said. “Now, come on, I gotta go too, remember?”

Nova didn’t think it looked like Shelby had to go that much, but she wouldn’t mind the company anyway. The nearest women’s restroom was really close to the entrance, and Nova inched down the hallway towards it, mind filling with fantasies of finally letting go and being able to release every last drop from her bladder, at last being free from all the pressure.

Enticed by her thoughts, her bladder squished down as hard as it could and before she knew it, she was doubling over again, her hands feeling warm as another drizzle escaped her. She was squeezing herself so tightly, but could still feel the pee forcing its way down. ‘Almost there, so close, don’t lose it now…’ she begged herself.

“Come on,” Shelby said from beside her. “You can do it. We’re almost there.” And before Nova could say anything, Shelby was gripping her elbow and walking with her the last several feet.

The restroom was crowded before school, but thank God most of the girls were just there to talk rather than pee. There were still stalls available, free to use. No more waiting. She dashed into one and locked it, jumping in place as she turned to face the toilet she needed so, so badly…

She was at school, so she should sit— In the stall next to hers she could see Shelby was pulling her pants down all the way and starting to sit, so Nova should as well and— Ahhh, she could hear streams flowing into some of the other toilets. And, unlike the hiss of Emmett’s spray this morning, the trickles in here didn’t excite Nova at all, just made her tense her thighs up and struggle to yank her underwear down fast enough, and— And it was coming out! Nonononono! No time left, it was happening!

She just positioned her hands like she had earlier, and aimed her stream for the toilet. Urine gushed out of her body stronger than she’d ever seen before, and she let herself relax now that it was hitting the right target. “Ahhhhh…”

But, she was standing to pee while at school, and lots of other girls were by the mirrors. She doubted if any of them were too interested in what anybody was doing in the toilet stalls, but it would only take ONE girl to notice and make a comment like “Um… Is she standing up?” for ALL of them to look and start wondering. What if that ended up happening, and then they started spreading rumors, and—

God… Nova could hardly care enough to worry about that right now. It just felt… It felt so good to let go… All she wanted to focus on was the magnificent feelings of her release. She must have peed for minutes, relief pouring over her in waves. When she was finally done, she was a little afraid to move, in case there was actually MORE in there that she couldn’t feel. Finally, she was satisfied that she really WAS empty, so she pulled up her panties and left the stall.

At the sinks, she was glancing at the other girls a little too much, searching for any sign that one of them had noticed— A furrowed brow, a confused look, staring… But, there was nothing. No one had been looking closely enough this time, and hopefully Nova would be able to take her morning pee at HOME from now on and there wouldn’t have to BE a ‘next time’.

***

Feeling much, MUCH better, Nova found Emmett near the restrooms. “Hey,” she said.

Emmett tucked his phone into his pocket, rubbed his hands overtop of his thighs anxiously. “Uh— H—Hi,” he said. “Feeling okay now?”

“Yeah,” Nova said. “What did you want to talk to me about?”

Emmett nervously looked around the hallway. “There’s… People here… Um, let’s go. Out back.” He started to walk towards the rear exit. Nova followed him curiously.

Once outside, Emmett stayed quiet. A few times, he opened his mouth, started to say something, then closed it again.

“Emmett, what’s the matter?” Nova asked him. “I DID really like the video this morning, if that’s what you’re worried about. It was very sweet, and I’m happy you sent it.”

“That’s not…” Emmett ran a hand through his hair. “It’s… Okay, I wanted to— Dad and Shelby are gonna be— Right. Shelby, she’s doing some gaming tournament thing this weekend and Dad’s going with her.”

“Okay…?”

“So… I’m going to be— The only one at the house for a couple days, and… I thought… That… Since I’ll be alone, and… And stuff… If— You want to, like, watch me hold it, and then see me pee, right? That’s what you like? B—Because, I’m really okay with doing those things for you! B—But, I don’t wanna wet myself on purpose, o—or go on you, or have you go on me, or drink it, or—“

“Emmett, what are you talking about?”

“I read some stuff last night, this… Thing. It’s like a kink, right? And, I read some of the stuff people with that kink like to do, and I’m okay doing some of them with you, but some of them I know I won’t like, and I was worried— You’d want someone who’d be willing to do ALL that stuff, and would be into it, and—“

“Emmett, calm down,” Nova said. “You don’t HAVE to do anything with this at all,” she promised him.

“I… Want to,” Emmett said. “I want to do a little of it for you, just the parts I’m comfortable with though.”

“And I’m happy that you are,” Nova said. “And, just for the record, I don’t think I like ALL of those things, either. I just like to see you get squirmy and I like to watch you go because it’s cute. That’s all.”

“Oh…” Emmett said.

“Now, what were you trying to say about this weekend?”

“Just… That I’m going to be home alone, and so if you wanted to come over and… Try stuff, you know, privately…”

Nova blushed. “O—Oh…” she said. She wanted to. Badly. But… She’d never… She lowered her voice, even though they were alone out there. “Do you think we’re, y’know, ready?”

“I think so,” Emmett said. “I mean, I’ve done it before lots of times, after all. Well, not on purpose, but—“

“What? When? Who with? Wait— What do you mean ‘not on purpose’?”

Emmett realized there had been a miscommunication and his face reddened. “I— I meant I’d… Like, drink a lot of water and then hold it as long as I can while you watch,” he said.

“Ohhhh.”

Silence fell.

“But… The… Other thing. Um… Do YOU think we’re ready to do that?”

Nova thought about it. She definitely WANTED her first time to be with him. She wanted to marry him one day, maybe have kids. She loved him. She thought about him all the time and it made her feel warm and safe. “Um… I…”

“It’s a big step,” Emmett said. “And… Risks.”

“I take birth control pills,” Nova said. “To help with cramps, but if we’re going to do that, it’s good I’m already taking them.”

“I could also, you know, get… Stuff. Couldn’t hurt to use both, right?” Emmett said. “Ah, what if I do it wrong, though? What if I hurt you?”

“I can just tell you if I want something to stop,” Nova said. “You’re good at listening. I… I trust you. You won’t make me do something I don’t want to. A—And I won’t make YOU do anything you don’t want to. If you’re not ready for this, that’s fine.”

“I want to…” Emmett said. “I’ve been thinking about it a lot. I sort of had a dream about us… Doing stuff last night, actually.”

“Oh…”

“But, what if it changes everything?” Emmett asked. “Or— Or what if it changes NOTHING because it turns out I’m super boring in bed, or—“

“It will probably change stuff,” Nova said. “At least a little. But, I think it will change things in a GOOD way, right?”

“I hope so…” Emmett said. “It’s— I’m excited and nervous at the same time. It feels weird.”

“Me too,” Nova said. “For now, let’s just say that I’ll… I’ll come over on Saturday. And then whatever happens— Happens. We don’t have to promise we’ll do anything big.”

Emmett exhaled. “R—Right, let’s just see how it goes.”

***

Nova was anxious for the rest of the week, frightened she’d do something WRONG on Saturday and ruin everything. For as much as she’d tried to assuage Emmett’s worries, her own were just as strong.

What if it DID change everything, and what if it changed everything in a BAD way?

When she wasn’t focusing on being stressed about the whole thing, she found herself fantasizing. She imagined herself and Emmett sitting on the couch on Saturday, watching TV alone. She’d be in a tank top and skirt, he’d be shirtless and wearing nothing but his boxers.

And they’d both be squirming, desperate for a pee…

“Ohhh, I have to go so bad,” Nova would moan out.

“Yeah, I’m about to burst,” Emmett would agree, putting the TV on mute and looking at her. “Feels like it’s about to all come rushing out before I can even stop it! We should both go NOW, shouldn’t we?”

Nova would shake her head. “Oh, no.” Then she’d scoot closer to him, pushing their noses together as she gazed into his wide, frantic eyes— a mirror of her own. “I think we can hold it a little longer, can’t we?”

After kissing his cheek, Nova would crawl into his lap ‘accidentally’ pressing her foot into his bladder and making him shudder with the need for relief. Emmett would get back at her, however, shoving a finger into her lower stomach. “Oooohh…” Nova would whimper while her urgency spiked, shimming her hips against him needfully. “I’m going to explode if you keep pressing there…”

“Uh oh,” Emmett would say, cupping a hand over her bladder— Which would be so full that it was swollen, looking like a grapefruit trapped within her soft flesh. Then, he’d press down on her. “Wouldn’t want that to happen,” he’d tease.

“Ahhhnnnn!” Nova would cry, ripples of urgency surging through her. “It’s gonna come out!” And then she’d give him a tight hug, one that would only succeed in squeezing the walls of his own overburdened bladder.

“St—Stop!” Emmett would whine. “You’re gonna make me pee!”

Nova would withdraw from him then, and stand up. She’d pull down her skirt, revealing her lower body and allowing him to gaze at her as she bounced in place, fighting to withstand the pressure of her full bladder. She’d let him place his hands onto her thighs, giving them a firm squeeze. Then, he’d let go of her so he could pull his boxers down and unveil his cock.

Nova wasn’t exactly sure what Emmett’s dick looked like when it was hard— She’d so far only seen it flaccid— but in her fantasy she imagined it being impressively long, straining and twitching, both with desire for her and the need to release gallons of pent-up urine. He’d squirm and buck his hips from two kinds of desperation.

With both of them bottomless, she would sit down in his lap again, so that his cock was nestled between her legs, taunting her entrance. Emmett would moan then, eager for more, he’d move his hips up and down to allow his cock to tease her further, and then he’d be inside of her, filling her up, making her bladder feel like it was being popped, and—

“Ohhhh…” Nova murmured as the fantasy rolling inside her imagination came to a very abrupt stop. She returned to her present situation, laying in bed on Friday night, trying to sleep as the nerves about tomorrow pinged through her. Had she seriously just fantasized about them having their first time together while dying for a piss?

And had that really turned her on even more than any other fantasy she’d ever had?

She looked down, realizing she’d begun to rub away at herself as she’d been fantasizing.

What would sex feel like? Would it feel like her hand did? Better? Worse?

What would sex feel like if she was bursting for a pee the entire time?

She tried to push the idea from her mind— Emmett probably wouldn’t want their first time to be like THAT at all. She needed to stop thinking about that!

But, she couldn’t.

And it was becoming a real problem since she was never going to get to sleep when she felt this turned on.

Maybe he WOULD be willing to try it, though? He said he wouldn’t mind a FEW things…

But, when she thought it over, she could only imagine one possible outcome if she asked him.

“Okay, Emmett!” she’d start out, smiling broadly and lowering the sleeve of her shirt in a way she’d hope would look alluring. “I’m super excited to have sex today! By the way, I’d like it even better if we both really, really, really needed to pee the entire time! What do you think?”

After that, there would be a very long, awkward silence. After which Emmett would shake his head and suggest that they try this again another day when Nova was in a better frame of mind.

‘No,’ Nova scolded herself. ‘He SAID he’s okay with trying things for you. The worst he can say is “No, I don’t want our first time having sex to be while we’re desperate to pee.” He’s not going to shut you out just because you asked.’

Or at least, she hoped not.

***

When Emmett answered the door for Nova the next day, he looked uncomfortable, rocking between his feet and blushing.

She picked up on his nerves immediately, “If you’re not ready, just remember, we don’t HAVE to do it today.”

Emmett shut the door behind her. “That’s not the main reason I’m…” he kept swaying. “Um… Remember, I said I’d be okay with… With holding it for you today?” he asked. “I sort of already got started…”

Nova stared. “Oh…” Emmett was just such a fidgety person—always bouncing, jiggling or squirming something— that sometimes it wasn’t so easy to tell when he had to pee. He was restless even when his bladder was empty! “Heh… Well, you look cute, then.”

“Th—Thank you…” Emmett said. “I had two glasses of water so far, drank them really fast. I think if I drink faster, it makes me need to go sooner, because I just went, like, an hour ago and I’m— I’ve gotta pee BAD right now. So, enjoy it. Not sure how long I’ll be able to keep it in, sorry. But, I mean, I can hold it a FEW times while we’re together if you want me to, so—“

“Calm down,” Nova said. “Just, try to relax.”

“If I relax right now, I’ll burst,” Emmett informed, continuing to bounce up and down so fast he looked blurry. “A—And that’s another thing, actually. I’ve noticed that when I get super nervous, it makes me have to pee more. And I’m REALLY nervous right now.”

“W—Well, I guess that means you have a really big, strong bladder, huh?” Nova asked awkwardly. “Because, with as often as you get nervous, I’m surprised you don’t have to use the toilet every half hour!”

“Eheh…” Emmett tapped his hands against his thighs. “Yeah… I guess so… I— Ah—“ he crouched down a little. “O—Okay, ready to watch me pee? I gotta do it NOW.”

Nova blushed and followed after him when he rant to the bathroom without waiting for an answer. She found him already at the toilet, shifting around frantically as he lifted the seat up. He anxiously palmed his zipper, hips hitching. “Got a good view from there?” he asked. “I— Gah! It’s gonna come out…”

Jeez… THAT sentence, why did it turn Nova on so much!? “Yeah, go ahead!” she said. “Poor thing, just relax!”

Emmett yanked down his zipper and freed his cock. Nova stared at it for a beat. That thing was probably going to be inside of her at some point today. It was soft, but it was still… Big. Or at least, she THOUGHT it was big. She didn’t have any other ones to compare it to. What if it was TOO big? What if it hurt? Or… Or didn’t fit? Was that possible?

Her thoughts were interrupted when a gush of urine sprayed from Emmett’s tip, loudly splashing into the water as he sighed out happily. “Ahhhhh….”

Nova’s gaze flicked back up to his face. His precious, adorable, oh-so-relieved face. For the first times since she’d arrived, he actually looked content and comfortable.

Peeing was one of the few times Emmett didn’t look anxious, and Nova relished those moments.

Emmett finished up a minute later, sighing again. “Okay… Okay… Okay…” he panted out. “That’s better… Sorry, I wanted to hold it more for you, but I just—“

“It’s alright,” Nova told him. “Like you said, you can hold it more than once if you want.”

Emmett exhaled another long breath, “Hahh, thank you…” he went to the sink and started to wash his hands.

THIS was something Nova DIDN’T like to watch. She enjoyed watching him pee because it made him look relaxed and happy. She didn’t enjoy watching him wash his hands because it made him look the complete OPPOSITE of relaxed. The way he did it was just… Not good. He cranked the water on as hot as it would go, so much that his skin would scorch pink, and then he’d rub soap into them viciously, wash away the soap, then put on MORE, wash that away, then do it a THIRD time.

It was always, ALWAYS three times, and his eyebrows would knit together, his jaw would tense, sometimes he’d whimper from the heat of the water, or from re-opening a cut in his cracked, dry hands, or from soap getting into one of those cuts.

It wasn’t a pretty sight.

Emmett PEEING was a pretty sight.

Sometimes, Nova would encourage him to stop abusing his hands, remind him that cold water was fine to use and that his hands were perfectly clean after just ONE rinse cycle. But, this was a comfort thing for him, it helped chase away anxious thoughts— just not in a healthy way— he probably NEEDED his various comfort rituals pretty badly today.

Still, once he’d finished she put a hand to his arm and said “Next time, let’s try to use the soap just ONCE, okay?”

“O—Okay,” he said. He seemed slightly calmer now, whether that was because he’d peed or because he’d performed one of his rituals Nova wasn’t sure.

Nova watched Emmett drink another glass of water, reminding him he didn’t HAVE to do this if he didn’t like it.

“I want to,” Emmett promised. “Just gonna pace it slower this time, I think I just overdid it earlier.”

“Okay,” Nova said. She poured herself a glass as well. Then, once that one was empty, she got another.

And another.

She was a little fidgety about an hour later when she and Emmett were on the couch together. It was sort of like the beginning of her earlier fantasy, except neither one of them was quite THAT desperate yet.

“S—Sooo…” Emmett started awkwardly. “If we decide to… You know, do it today? You’ve been taking the pills, right?”

“Yeah,” Nova said.

“Same time each day? I think I heard that’s important.”

Nova nodded. “I have.”

“Good, good… I…” Emmett stood up, went to his bedroom. He came back with a shopping bag and poured the contents onto the coffee table. “I got these…”

Nova stared. Five boxes of condoms of varying textures… And a rubber tomato. “Um…”

Emmett picked up the condoms. “I— I wasn’t sure what kind to get!” he explained. “Some of them said they were ‘ribbed’, and some are ‘studded’, or ‘lubricated’ or ‘warming’… And, I never actually LOOKED at them before, so I didn’t know which was right!”

“And… And the tomato?”

“I was embarrassed just bringing a bunch of condoms to the register at the pharmacy,” Emmett explained. “So, I got a dog toy too.”

Nova went quiet. She didn’t want to explain to him that now the cashier probably thought he was going to do a lot of really weird, unspeakable things with a squeaky, rubber tomato. “Well, at least you’re prepared,” she said.

“Y—Yeah…”

“I kind of wanted to… Suggest something, though,” Nova said.

“Oh, are none of these the right kind?” Emmett asked. “I could go back to the store, and—“

“No, that’s not it, don’t worry,” Nova said. “These are fine. Everything is fine. I just…” tapping her fingertips over her knees, Nova forced herself to continue. “I… Was thinking…” she said, struggling to look him in the eyes. “About something I might like to try today.”

“What?”

“I thought it would be fun if… If we did it while we both really had to…”

“You want me to… To have to ‘go’ while we have sex?” Emmett interrupted.

“I want to be holding it, too,” Nova said. “And— And we don’t HAVE to do anything like that if you don’t want to!” She covered her face up. “Guh, I must sound like a total weirdo, right?”

“No,” Emmett assured immediately, instinctively pulling her into a hug. “You’re not a weirdo, I promise. This is… Unusual, but that doesn’t mean there’s something wrong with it, or wrong with YOU.” His hand trailed down her body and he could feel her shuddering, knew she was trying not to cry for fear of making this moment more awkward than it already was. He felt terrible for her as he realized how confused her uncommon desires made her feel. “Besides, if you’re a weirdo, then I am too.”

Nova backed away from him to stare into his eyes. “Huh?” she asked.

“The other night, before I sent you that video, I had… I had this dream. I couldn’t find a toilet and I really needed to go, so you helped me find one. Then you aimed for me while I went, and you… Touched me a lot. And, I felt so good about turning you on like that, that I ended up— I ended up making a mess in the sheets.”

“You wet yourse—“

“Not with pee,” Emmett interrupted. “I— I think a part of me really LIKES that I can get you so excited with something so simple.” His shaking hands moved away from Nova and went to adjust his zipper slightly. His breath hitched. “So, if you want to do this while we’re desperate, I guess we could try it…”

“Really!?” Nova exclaimed, staring at him in shock.

“I think so…” Emmett said. “I’m just nervous, because what if— What if one of us CAN’T hold it?”

“Can you even pee if your thing’s hard?” Nova asked. “I thought I’d heard that was really difficult.”

Emmett shrugged, blushing. There had been a few mornings where he’d had to wait for his body to settle down before he could pee. “I— It’s not easy to. But, it’s possible.”

“I guess that’s a risk…” Nova said. “If you don’t WANT to—“

“I…” Emmett started. “I could stand to take a few more risks, I guess.”

“Seriously?” Nova asked, her body shaking as she smiled.

“Yep, seriously,” Emmett said. “Let’s go have a little more water.”

“Y—Yes, let’s!” Nova agreed, mashing her hands into fists over and over as she tried to regain some control over herself. “Let’s do it!”

They both chugged a couple more glasses of water, then went to Emmett’s room to sit down on the bed together. After a few minutes, Emmett timidly leaned forward and kissed her, his lips pressing against hers. She could feel a bit of tension in his jaw and pulled back. “Don’t be nervous, you’re a good kisser, I promise…”

“I’m… I’m not clenching up just because I’m nervous…” he said, pushing their lips together once more. Nova’s eyes went wide— That water was hitting him already? She felt a bit of pressure inside her own bladder as well, felt that it was building up quite rapidly. The two remained gentle with one another, pecking softly. Then, they started to run their hands down one another’s backs.

Minutes passed in this fashion, cuddling and kissing, becoming more disheveled in appearance as their bladders quickly became impossible to ignore. Nova let out an amused, hysterical sound into one of their kisses, “I feel like I’m going to burst.”

Emmett’s hand had been pressing into his lap for quite some time by then. “M—Me too,” he said.

The desperate flinches inside Nova’s abdomen and the pressure that was growing way too quickly was causing her to feel frantic with need. She gripped tightly to Emmett’s sleeve as the next earthquake of a spasm shook the walls of her bladder, stronger now thanks to Emmett’s own admission of desperation.

Emmett kept holding her, his hands careful to stay above her stomach to avoid adding more pressure to her bladder. “You can put your hand lower,” she told him.

Emmett awkwardly moved his hands further down her body until he was resting them atop her bladder region. He did this very gently, his fingers and palms just barely brushing over her sensitive skin.

“C—Could you try pressing?” Nova asked.

“I don’t want to hurt—“

“I’ll tell you when to stop,” Nova promised.

“O—Okay…” Emmett started to trace tiny patterns overtop of Nova’s taut skin. His eyes were going wide as he realized he could actually FEEL how swollen her bladder had gotten from all the water. “I—Is this—“

“Keep going,” Nova said, twisting her legs together urgently and bouncing. “I—It feels…” How DID it feel? Being prodded there made her feel more desperate, that was for sure. It made her bladder feel like it was being worked through a mixing machine. But, it also made her feel intensely curious, intrigued by how her body would react to different kinds of stimulation there. “I want you to keep going,” she repeated.

Emmett did, circling the bulge beneath Nova’s navel before hesitantly pressing the full weight of his hand into it.

“Ah—!” Nova flinched involuntarily as oceans collided inside her, her bladder roaring with furious need and trying hard to pump some of its liquid out.

Emmett immediately drew his hand away. “Too much?” he asked.

“Nah—No,” Nova promised. “Just— Just surprised me, do it some more.”

Emmett didn’t squeeze down on her like that again, instead just lightly stroking the hard curve of her straining bladder. It felt hard and round, like a tennis ball.

“Nnnnh,” Nova’s body snapped backwards to escape the pressure of her boyfriend’s hand, and Emmett let go of her again. Nova kept squirming, because even without Emmett pushing on her her bladder still felt overburdened and urgent, contracting in on itself again and again while her muscles begged for permission to go slack.

“Y—You okay?” Emmett asked, nervous.

“I’m fine, Emmett… Thank you for doing this…” Nova murmured to him, voice shaking from desire and need. “It means a lot that you’re willing to try.”

“Eheh… Well…” Emmett said. “I… I like making you happy.”

“Could I… Can I push on you at all?” Nova asked.

Emmett didn’t answer for a moment. “Um… Alright. But, only a little.”

Nova eagerly reached out and placed a hand against Emmett’s lower stomach. She was surprised and amazingly turned on by the rock-hard swell beneath her palm. His bladder was as hard as stone, brimming with urine. The distended bump trembled and stretched below Emmett’s skin.

Emmett made a pained noise, cringing backwards and twisting his legs over each other before suddenly shooting up to his feet, doubling over and gripping himself. “Ahh—!!”

“Too much?!” Nova asked. “Did I hurt you?!”

“Nnnh… No, you didn’t hurt me,” Emmett assured. “But— Gah! Some almost came out!”

Nova blushed hard. “Y—You need it that badly?”

“Don’t you?” Emmett asked, sitting back down.

“Yeah… Almost leaked when you squeezed me a minute ago,” Nova admitted. “Did you… Want to stop?”

“No,” Emmett said. “But, uh, we might want to move things along a little faster now. I don’t think there’s much time left before I start… Having a problem. Uh, you ready?”

“Yeah, I’m— I’m ready,” Nova said. “Could you… I want you to take my clothes off.”

“Oh? Um… I could do that,” Emmett said. They stood, and he reached his hands beneath Nova’s skirt, fingers hooking the waistline of her panties, slipping them down her legs until they fell to the floor. He felt his chest clenching as he gripped the sides of the skirt, pulling it down as well to reveal what was beneath it.

Emmett’s heart pounded as he looked at the sight in front of him. A smooth surface of flesh with a number of small folds and creases. Her lips had spread slightly to show some of the lighter flesh within alongside the small round bump at the top, throbbing a bit before Emmett’s eyes. His gaze traveled all over Nova’s body.

“Uh—Um… Y— You look…” Emmett stammered. “I— Can I touch you?”

“Sure,” Nova said.

“Th—Thanks,” Emmett said. Trembling, he moved to rub his fingers along Nova’s outer labia.

“Mmmmnnnn…” Nova moaned, her legs trembling as the stimulation caused her clit to throb and her bladder to shudder. It was such a curious feeling; intense arousal mixing with an unfathomably intense need to urinate. Emmett continuing to slide his finger up and down her sensitive area made it all the more difficult to keep her holding muscles clenched— But, instead of panic, it was excitement she felt when she realized exactly how hard holding it in was about to become. “Ooooh….”

Emmett dropped his hand, making her whimper from the loss of stimulation. She watched as his hand went to his zipper, and he took a deep breath as he yanked it down, unbuttoning his pants. Immediately, he was jiggling more where he stood. “Nnnh, hearing my zipper move made me have to go worse…” he mumbled, pushing his pants off the rest of the way.

Nova took in a sharp intake of breath as Emmett removed his boxers, exposing his lower half completely.

In spite of the nervous tingles rushing through him, Emmett tried to look confident. “Is— How’s this?” he asked.

“I love it!” Nova announced. Her eyes shot downwards, taking in the sight of his cock. “Oh, it’s twitching— Is that because it’s happy to see me, or because it’s holding back all your pee?”

Emmett’s eyes widened, prompting Nova to wince. “Oh, that was weird, wasn’t it?”

“A bit,” Emmett admitted. “Not too bad, though. And… I’m going to say it’s a little bit of both— Probably more the first thing, though.” He’d actually been a tad worried that it would be difficult to get hard when his bladder was achingly full, but he already had a semi just from seeing and touching Nova’s body, so he knew now it wouldn’t be an issue after all. He took off his shirt next. “I— I know I’m not super buff or anything, but…”

“You look great,” Nova promised him. His skinny arms and slim stomach appeared breathtaking to her— But that wasn’t the best part. With all his skin exposed, Nova could clearly see the enraged swell of pee straining in his lower abdomen. She had to force herself to look away from it, to look him in the eyes instead.

“How’s this?” she asked, removing her own shirt and bra. She’d never thought her breasts were that impressive, they weren’t very big, but they weren’t tiny either. They were just… Average, nothing special about them. A slight curve on the underside of each mound, barely sticking out past her skinny stomach. Her bladder was still causing her to bob in place, and she didn’t notice the way her breasts were bouncing and inadvertently giving Emmett a show.

“Wow…” Emmett breathed out. “That’s… I like it,” he said. “Come… Come here… I…”

Nova stepped closer, and Emmett pulled her into a hug. Both of them let out whimpers at the same time, because now their bladders were squeezing together, the swells coming into contact and rubbing against one another. They kissed again, Emmett’s tongue caressing the top of Nova’s with just the smallest bit of pressure.   Nova could feel her nipples getting harder, a tingle running down her spine and pooling inside her loins when Emmett pulled back. “Can I touch—“

“You can touch anywhere,” Nova interrupted him, and Emmett’s hand started to caress just above her left breast. While his touches had felt confident and self-assured at first, he stayed stuck right at the edge of the breast, fearful of if it was really okay to go further or not. Nova grasped his hand and directed it down so that he was now cupping the entire thing. He gently squeezed there, eliciting a small whimper from her lips, shockwaves flowing out from beneath his touch and moving through her entire body. “Harder…”

“I don’t want to hurt—“

“You won’t,” Nova promised. “If I want you to stop, I’ll tell you. For now, just… Ahhhnnn—!!“ her explanation was cut off by a moan when Emmett squeezed her tighter. The touch and pressure made her hips twitch even more than her bladder already was. “Y—Yes, like that!” With that encouragement, his grip became even more firm, pulling on the nipple slightly. “You can use your mouth too if you want…”

Emmett was confused for a moment, then figured it out. His hand dropped from her breast and his mouth took its spot, his tongue caressing against her nipple slowly. “Hnnn, yeah…” Nova moaned. “Th—That’s good, keep doing that…” She heard a soft whimper exhale from his lips, which brought a tiny vibration against her nipple and added to the ecstasy she was feeling, but… “Wh—What’s wrong?”

Emmett moved his lips away from her body just long enough to say “I’m sorry— I have to go super badly right now.”

Nova’s heartbeat ramped up at hearing those words. She hadn’t noticed it, being so focused on the feelings of Emmett’s tongue over her nipple, but her legs had crossed back together. And now that she’d been brought closer back to reality, she was very aware of the ever-present throb within her bladder— It felt like every breath she took in was inflating it. The feeling was intense! “G—Get one of the condoms,” she said. “Since you got SO many.”

“I— I wanted to get the right kind!“ Emmett went to the nightstand and opened one of the boxes at random, pulling one out. He opened it carefully and rolled it down his hard shaft. He felt very strange— On the one hand, he needed a pee so badly that he was starting to get dizzy, but on the other he was fizzing with so much excitement that he could barely breathe. Those two feelings mixed together created a deeply confusing emotion that he didn’t even know the name of.

Nova laid down on the bed, thighs trembling and legs scissoring as she waited. She was going to have to uncross her legs for them to be able to do this, a notion that both elated her and filled her with dread. Her legs were making a very suitable dam between her waves of urine and the clean sheets of Emmett’s bed, losing that barrier was going to be risky.

He HAD said he could stand to take a risk today, though…

Emmett joined her in bed. “You… Want me to get on top now?” he asked.

“Well, yeah, that’s how it works…”

Nova was so often the one taking charge in their relationship that he’d sort of expected HER to get on top and ride him. Come to think of it though, his bladder probably wouldn’t take too kindly to tha—

Caressing his shaft to keep his penis erect, Emmett said; “I might end up squeezing down on your—“

“I know,” Nova interrupted, eagerness in his voice. “But, I WANT to know what that feels like, though. So, don’t worry. Don’t hold back.”

“Alright, but you’ll HAVE to tell me if it hurts at all,” Emmett said.

“I will,” Nova promised. “Don’t worry. Just relax.”

Anxiously, Emmett drew closer to her. She managed to move her legs apart, thighs starting to tremble more as it became even tougher to withstand the pressure in her bladder. Emmett lowered himself down, inserting his throbbing cock inside of her and drawing forth a long, loud moan from her lips, her eyes rolling backwards as he filled her, her thighs flexed as the feelings overtook her.

The stimulation in her nether region made her urge to urinate become almost otherworldly in its intensity. She wasn’t sure if it was actually possible, but it FELT like his cock was slamming against her bladder with each thrust. All those parts were just so interconnected, her urethral opening and her vagina so close together that any stimulation in the latter would cause the former to twitch and spasm, fighting hard not to let any liquid burst out.

“NNnnnhh—ahhhh—“ Nova made several strangled noises of half-pleasure, half-pain that made Emmett slow down his pumping.

“I—Is it oka—“

“You’re doing great!” Nova panted. “Keep going, keep going!” Nova was shaking like a leaf in a thunderstorm when Emmett started to thrust again, the tickling inside her was a horrid tease on her bladder, but she didn’t want to stop. She gripped the bedsheets until her knuckles went white and moaned like crazy as all the conflicting feelings whirled around inside of her.

Emmett’s body was still being flooded with confusion. Nova was tight and warm, and the sensation of his cock being engulfed within her was one of the best things he’d ever felt. Yet, beneath all of these wonderful feelings was a harsh, pinching ache while his body BEGGED him that he needed a toilet more than he needed anything else. His bladder was searing, but every moan from Nova’s mouth made his dick grow harder and made his thrusts faster and more needy.

“Nnh,” Nova whimpered, her thighs squeezing as much as they could, which only added to the warmth flooding Emmett’s dick with pleasure. Her bladder rolled around within her, tossing and turning and fighting with all its strength to be set free. She kept tightening down her holding muscles, though, kept all her liquid inside. For some reason, needing to clench her pelvic floor so much while they did this made the stimulation even more exquisite, more intense, more pleasurable.

She was amazed by how something could hurt but feel really, really good at the same time.

It felt so good. So, so good…

“Hnnnn…” Nova grunted, body shaking more than ever as a powerful orgasm tore through her. With every contraction, her bladder spasmed hard, pee right at the very edge of dribbling out and she had to clench her teeth and squeeze the sheets as hard as she could to keep anything from coming out. Still, she was unsuccessful, and she felt a couple warm drizzles seep out. She managed to restrain herself after that, but she felt all the more desperate for the trouble.

Emmett’s heartbeat ramped up as he watched Nova climax. Wow, he’d actually DONE that! He’d made her feel so good! So, that must have meant that he wasn’t boring after all! He’d been worried for no reason, he WAS good at this, and that him FEEL good, and—

His hips jolted and his melted into an incoherent mess of pleasure and happiness and his cum erupted out of him, pulsing forth as he rode out the best orgasm of his life. Breathing heavily, he pulled out and carefully removed the condom from his softening member. He tied it off and stood to throw it away— Immediately bending over a little as he remembered that he STILL needed another kind of release. “I can’t hold it anymore,” he told Nova. “I’m gonna go throw this away and… Go. If you wanna watch.”

Nova nodded, but then a flash of panic went over her face. “I— I can’t get up…” she said.

Emmett went pale. “D—Did I hurt you!? I’m sorry, I’m— Oh, there’s a little blood, I’m SO sor—“

“You d—didn’t hurt me,” Nova interrupted. “Bl—Blood is normal the first time, remember? I just…” Nova had started to clutch at herself, hands firmly wedged between her naked thighs. “I think if I stand I’m gonna—“

“O—Oh!” Emmett said. “I’m sorry, I’ll… I’ll… I’ll find you something to go in!” he decided. “Hang on.” His own need forgotten for the time being, Emmett hurried from the room. He entered the kitchen and first wrapped the used condom in a paper towel before sticking it deep into the trash to hide it— This necessitated him TOUCHING a lot more of the trash than he was comfortable with and he was now DYING to scrub his hands clean at the sink (To Hell with what his bladder had to say about listening to the running water while he did that!)

But, Nova needed him right now more than his hands did. He opened the cabinet where all the tupperware bowls were kept— There were so many that Dad wouldn’t notice if one was suddenly gone. He brought it back to his room and set it down. “O—Okay, you can go in this.”

Nova stared for a moment. “Wait, you— YOU— are going to have me pee into a thing used for cooking?”

“W—We have a bunch of these bowls, it won’t matter if I have to throw one out,” Emmett said. “You can use it.”

Nova didn’t want to argue, her body couldn’t manage the walk to the toilet now, she’d pop and pee all over the floor before she got there. She had to be careful with how she got out of bed, too. Moving too fast rocked the firm, round bulge of her bladder and it was a struggle not to let it go right then. She saw Emmett bouncing in the corner, since they were still naked she was able to see his cock bobbing and twitching— Considering he’d just cum a few minutes ago, any twitching now was probably from desperation. “You can use the toile—“

“I can w—wait,” Emmett said.

“You… Wanted to watch me?” Nova guessed. “That’s oka—“

“I just know that YOU want to watch ME,” Emmett said. “Th—That’s… That’s all.”

“Oh…”

He swore Nova almost sounded disappointed.

“B—But, I could watch you, too!” he said. “If you want me to!”

“Alright,” Nova smiled. She lowered herself so that she was balanced above the bowl— With a target so small and so low to the ground, squatting was going to be a much better position than standing this time.

Emmett shifted from foot to foot, occasionally grabbing onto the tip of his dick. She watched him struggle, he looked even cuter performing this dance while totally in the nude. She couldn’t wait to see how adorable he was when he was pissing naked. To hurry that along— And because her own bladder was THROBBING— she pushed on her muscles and told herself to relax. It was a little tricky to do that in such a weird position, squatting over a bowl in her boyfriend’s room, but soon she was letting out a soft sigh as a trickling noise rattled against the inside of the bowl, a pale yellow stream pooling into the bottom of it. “Ahhhh….”

Nova looked up at Emmett, seeing that he WAS watching, but with a pinched expression on his face that made him look pained. “You don’t HAVE to watch if it makes you uncomfor—“

“Th—The sound,” Emmett said, twisting around on his feet. “It’s… Making me…”

“Oh, right,” Nova said, trying to speed up her stream. There was so much in there, though! Her bladder felt like it was going to take ages to drain out completely! She felt bad prolonging his wait after everything he’d agreed to try out with her today, but it felt so amazing to let go that she couldn’t help but enjoy it. Her eyes drifted shut and she smiled gently.

Emmett watched, stomping his bare feet hard against the floor as he held himself tightly. He was trying again to figure out what exactly it was about this that Nova found so appealing. He supposed her expression looked a LITTLE cute right now, sort of how she looked when she was sleeping. And she was moaning— Which after today Emmett knew was a sound he REALLY liked hearing. But, beyond that— the actual peeing part?— he still didn’t think he ‘got’ it.

But, maybe that was OKAY.

Maybe he didn’t really NEED to understand this. Maybe it was enough that he was just simply okay with it. Maybe he didn’t have to actually SHARE Nova’s kink to get some enjoyment out of it with her— He’d loved today, even if he hadn’t spontaneously developed his own interest in pee. He’d loved today because he’d excited his girlfriend and made her feel good, and that had made HIM feel good.

Nova kept peeing, letting all this out of her bladder felt nearly as good as cumming had earlier. And the best part was that it just kept GOING. Her orgasm had lasted about twenty seconds, but this had been continuing for a minute so far, at least!

One more long spurting hiss flowed into the bowl and then she was done. Finally. She stood, the remnants of her release trickling slightly down her legs, which she rubbed together uncomfortably.

Emmett was crossing his legs a whole lot more though, and Nova was ready now to see him let all that out.

“What do I do with the bowl?” Nova started to ask. “Should I—“

“We’ll clean that up in a minute, I can’t— I can NOT wait anymore, I’m sorry,” Emmett said.

“Stop apologizing,” Nova said. “I’ve been dying to see this.”

Emmett urgently hobbled to the restroom and lifted the seat on the toilet. “G—Got a good view?” he asked Nova, just like earlier that day.

“Yep, go ahead.”

Emmett moved his hand away from his tip, and pee poured out of him as he gasped out a very breathless “Thank you…”

Hearing him THANK her as he peed made Nova feel warm and tingly all over again. The force of his stream did that to her as well. His nude body was trembling, shining with sweat and absolutely gorgeous. But, nothing made her blush more than his face, so content, so happy, so relieved…

He peed for over a minute, then stumbled back with exhaustion. His body had done a LOT today…

“Feel better?” Nova asked.

“Y—Yeah,” Emmett said. “Way better. Did you like that?”

“Yes, I liked ALL of it,” Nova assured him. “Thank you again for doing all this with me.”

“You’re welcome…” Emmett went to the sink and started to wash his hands.

“Cold water works too,” Nova said, noticing it start to steam up.

Hesitantly, Emmett turned off the hot tap and replaced it with the cold as he reached for the soap. He rubbed it into his hands and scrubbed it off, then started to go for it again.

“Once is plenty,” Nova reminded.

“Y—Yeah…” Emmett said. “Once is… Is good.” He exhaled. “Heh… Um, we should probably get dressed and get rid of that bowl now, right?”

“Right.”

