Omg Writers Tips and Resources

Author: SomeGirl

*000*2017-07-21 14:43

I want to compare notes with other people on how they write Omo fiction. This is not a board to suggest story ideas, although I've seen a few other boards where you can. Please post links to websites of possible, and keep in mind writing is subjective. I look forward to reading your posts.

This website is really helpful. Not only for general writing, but for fetish stuff particularly. Searching words like Relief, Flood, Soaked, and Discomfort provides several other words for it. It can be really helpful describing it, or even for inspiration. http://www.thesaurus.com

What helps me write well, is pacing and description. For me the main draw to Omo is the build up. I love it when I can almost feel the urgency growing, it makes it so much better when relief finally comes. Thesurase.com is great for this, because using the same words gets repetitive, and this lets you stretch out the scene. I love metaphors and similes, and lived descriptions of what the character does to hold it in.

I'll post again if I come up with more

*001*2017-07-28 13:26

10 Things that Can be Used for Omo/pee scenes:

Some may be common knowledge, and I may have missed others. Please add any additions you see fit.

1. Descriptions of the clothing and underwear, especially if they get wet. Also physical descriptions of the person.

2. Metaphors/Similes and motifs. I try to pick a theme for the scene, and include it throughout the descriptions. (ex. waterfall; construction imagery)

3. Transcriptions of the sound of the pee (ex. gushing, slapping against the ground)

4. Specifications of how much the person is holding, for how long, and what of. (ex. 32oz-4 hours-craft beer)

5. Casual phrases inserted into descriptions of the sensation. Can help transition from one phase of desperation to another. (ex...accident was inevitable. When you gotta go, you gotta go. The muscles finally gave out...).

6. Descriptions of movement or positioning (ex. One leg twisted around the other; Dropping into a squatting position)

7. Descriptions of the environment, including the obstacles to relief (ex. The grass was to high to squat in without getting itchy grass stuck to your ass.)

8. Dialoge between multiple characters can showcase how each party talks about the same situation. (ex. "I really need to take a leak!" and "Um...I'll show you to the restroom..)

9. Vivid descriptions of where the pee ends up (ex. overflowing the toilet bowl; saturating a pair of shorts)

10. Reactions to events that effect how the scene goes (ex. bashful bladder=frantic for privacy; public wetting= reactions of audience)

*002*2017-07-28 13:32

I realized that Pinterest has these fashion vocabulary charts, that are helpful in describing the clothing being peed into. I especially found the lingerie vocabulary helpful, because they give examples of the various cuts of panties, and the different types of stockings. The charts on dresses, skirts, pants, and shoes serve similar purpose. You can probably just search fashion or style and vocabulary, or add a specific piece of clothing. Hope this helps.

