Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*005*2022-02-07 17:50

Trigger warnings for this chapter: Transphobia, assault, slurs.

***

Alex had never been to a mall. Before, the biggest store he’d ever been in had been Wal-Mart, and then he’d had to stay close to his siblings and parents, with strict orders not to speak or make eye contact with anyone else. Normally, he’d just keep his hand on the side of the cart, looking down at his feet and at the uncomfortable, long skirt. The kind he and his sisters had all been required to wear back then.

In those days, he hadn’t understood why the skirt had made him feel so bad. He hadn’t understood why the idea that all the strangers he was surrounded by could see the skirt bothered him as much as it did. He hadn’t understood why the way the skirt made his hips look rounder made him want to somehow float away from his own body.

He understood those things now. And now when he went shopping, he did so in clothes that felt comfortable, and he was allowed to look wherever he wanted. With this being his first time at the mall, there were lots of things he wanted to look at. All the window displays in the stores were so fascinating to him. He’d never seen so many different kinds of clothes before. He’d had no idea people dressed in such unique ways…

That was kind of why they were here. Alex didn’t have very many clothes. Most of what he did have were things Adam was sharing with him. Alex had needed to get rid of basically all his old clothes. Pants had been forbidden in his old home and he definitely wasn’t comfortable continuing to wear any of those long skirts and dresses. He’d been able to keep a couple of his shirts that fit him okay, but other than that he was basically wearing whatever articles Adam had gotten tired of.

And Alex definitely needed new shoes. He and Adam may have been close enough in height and build to be able to share shirts and pants, but their feet were completely different sizes. Adam’s feet were larger, and when Alex wore his shoes for too long, they caused blisters. Alex was still wearing the shoes he’d had from before, light purple slips that were undoubtedly made for women. They’d begun to look weirder and weirder on Alex as he continued to try to look more like himself.

“You don’t have to, like, find a style or anything today,” Adam said. “When I started getting guy clothes, I thought I had to pick a certain style and make it part of my identity or whatever. But, that’s hard to do when you’ve only been able to shop as a girl for so long. We’re just gonna find some stuff you’re more comfortable in today.”

“I never shopped as a girl, either,” Alex admitted. “Father got all of our clothes for us. We didn’t pick.”

“Oh…” Adam said. He fervently disliked Alex’s father, the man had been controlling to a grotesque degree “You do know what size you are for stuff, right? I mean, I know we’re about the same, but some of my stuff looks big on you…”

Alex shrugged, “I don’t know. Father cut the tags and stuff off before he gave any of the clothes to us. But men’s sizes are different anyway, aren’t they?”

“They are,” Adam said. “I’d just been planning to use this conversion chart thingy I have on my phone to make it easier to figure out. But, like I said, we’re about the same. You’re probably just one size smaller than me.”

They spent some time helping Alex find pants and shirts that fit and that he felt comfortable in. After a while, they were both hungry enough to want to stop at the food court. “What is a food court?” Alex asked. “Is that where food goes to stand trial?”

“No, it’s—“ Adam stopped himself and laughed. “You’re messing with me, aren’t you?”

“Yeah,” Alex grinned.

Adam felt good. Alex had been doing that lately. Making a joke out of how little he knew about the world. Adam liked that, it meant his boyfriend was starting to feel less ashamed of his naivety and past isolation. It meant he was feeling more comfortable, and that was wonderful.

Alex was still scared to order food for himself. In his old life, restaurants had been an incredibly rare treat, only visited once or twice a year. Alex seldom had it in him to actually speak with any of the waitstaff— None of his siblings did. They’d been told to distrust anyone who wasn’t part of their church, they had no way of knowing if the waitstaff were okay to talk to. So, normally, Alex’s dad had ordered for him— Usually something that Alex didn’t really like to eat.

This still persisted, Alex still struggled with ordering his own food, and Adam did it for him. Except, Adam actually asked Alex what he wanted and then got it for him. So, when Alex said he wanted a corn dog, that’s what Adam ordered for him.

Behind the counter, there was a big machine filled with blue stuff. “What’s that?”

“Oh, that’s a slushy machine,” Adam said.

“Slushy?”

“Yeah, it’s like a frozen soda,” Adam explained. “You want to try one?”

Alex hadn’t had much soda before, but what he had tried he’d liked. He’d probably like it frozen, too. “Okay!”

Adam ordered a couple slushys and the two took a seat at one of the tables. Alex poked a straw into his slushy and curiously took a sip.

Wow! He decided that he REALLY liked slushys! It was so sweet, and he loved how it felt as it melted on his tongue. He took a few more sips eagerly, and then— “Ouch!” Alex exclaimed, rubbing his head as a peculiar pressure built inside it. It felt like the migraine he sometimes got if he was super dehydrated… Then, just as quickly as it had arrived, it vanished.

“Don’t drink it so fast,” Adam said. “Or else that happens.”

“Why?” Alex asked.

“I… Don’t actually know,” Adam admitted. “But, it’s called ‘brain freeze’.”

“Aw, come on, Adam. You’re supposed to know everything!” Alex said.

“Heh… You like the slushy though?”

“I love it!”

“That’s great!”

Alex finished his corn dog and slushy, then asked Adam for a second drink.

Adam handed over his own half-empty cup. He’d finished with the fries he’d gotten and wasn’t that thirsty.

Alex eagerly polished off Adam’s slushy as well, trying to take slower sips so that it wouldn’t make his head hurt again. “Can I have another one?” he asked.

“Alright,” Adam said. “One more, but we need to save the rest of our money to get you your shoes, okay?”

“Okay,” Alex said. He was looking forward to getting new shoes. His old ones had become incredibly uncomfortable for several reasons. They were so clearly meant for women that people were always staring. They reminded him of some of the more unpleasant parts of his previous life. And, they were worn out and just pinched his feet terribly.

So, they returned to shopping. They continued through the mall, visiting a seemingly endless stream of stores. But, as more time passed, those slushys made their way through Alex’s system, and soon enough he really had to find a place to let out a seemingly endless stream of his own. The urge first hit him while he was in a fitting room trying on some jeans. They ended up being slightly too small on him, and when he buttoned them, they pressed with enough vigor against his bladder that he’d needed to squeeze his thighs together.

He tried to ignore it for a while, but after he’d realized he needed a restroom, he couldn’t get the feeling to turn back off. It was constantly there, nagging at him. Sending him little surges and throbs every so often to scold him for drinking so many slushys.

And, as they’d continued on, the urge had only gotten worse and worse to where he was now, where his need had built into a tight, aching thrum in his center that he couldn’t stop thinking about. Each time they stopped and Adam asked if he wanted to check out a particular store, Alex would shift his weight from foot to foot, wishing they could just start walking again.

The problem was that Alex had no clue where he could find a toilet here. He and Adam hadn’t passed any restrooms, or at least none that Alex had seen. He knew he should probably tell Adam that he had to go, but then he started worrying that all the toilets were at the other end of this huge building, and that was why he hadn’t seen any. If that were the case, then he’d be inconveniencing Adam if he said he couldn’t wait and that they had to go over there right now.

And, it wasn’t like he couldn’t still wait. It wasn’t that bad. It was very uncomfortable, and he did really, really wish he could go, but he knew he could hold on a bit longer.

He shuffled after Adam, squeezing his thighs together as he walked. As Adam continued to ask him questions about which stores he wanted to see, Alex did his best to answer normally. But, he knew he was probably acting weird. He shifted from side to side, trying to act like he was just getting restless, but those meager, little squirms did little to quell his need.

They arrived at last at a store selling shoes. Adam gestured to the ones in the window display. “Do you like any of those?” he asked.

Alex started to speak, to answer that he liked the white ones, but his bladder gave off a new throb that was much, much more insistent than any of the little, achy throbs he’d been experiencing up until then. He whimpered and crossed one leg over the other one, jiggling a tiny bit as his thighs pressed against one another. Once the sudden spasm passed and he no longer felt quite as close to exploding, he was able to answer. “Y-Yeah, the white ones are nice,” he said. He hoped Adam hadn’t noticed any of his bouncing…

Adam had his back turned though, he too was looking at the shoes in the window. “Alright, let’s see if they have them in the right size for you,” he said.

Alex limped after Adam into the store, hoping that this didn’t take too long, and that there actually was a restroom really, really close by that he just hadn’t noticed. Adam took Alex over to a bench and had him sit down.

Sitting down compressed Alex’s bladder in a painful, agonizing way. The need to let it release was taking control of his entire body. His knees both bounced with urgency and his fingers curled against the bench. It was starting to become an emergency.

Adam took off Alex’s uncomfortable, purple shoe and placed his foot into the measurer. Alex’s bladder contracted at the feeling of the cold metal object against the sole of his foot. He hissed a little, shutting his eyes tight and gritting his teeth.

“Hm?” Adam asked. “Did I hit one of your blisters?”

It was a good enough excuse. Alex’s feet were coated in blisters thanks to his worn out old shoes, and it was very painful when one of them got bumped. “Yeah.” Once Adam had finished measuring him and had let go of his foot, Alex immediately coiled his legs together, rubbing them against one another. His bladder spasmed once more, ordering him to bring it to a toilet right away before it tore right through his skin.

He’d tell Adam he had to go as soon as they were done here, he decided. Once they had the shoes, they’d have everything they needed. It wouldn’t matter if Alex’s need caused them to backtrack all the way to the entrance anymore. He focused on his breathing, hoping that if he calmed that down, the rest of his body would follow suit.

They did have the shoes in Alex’s size, at least. And when Alex tried them on, they were comfortable. He wasn’t able to lace them up, though. He told Adam he’d just never been taught how, but the reality was that he couldn’t bend over without putting too much pressure onto an area of his body that was already close to a nuclear meltdown.

Shoes chosen, Alex looked at the front of the store. He held back a groan when he saw the short line of people at the checkout. He quickly counted up the number of people ahead of them, both to distract himself from his bladder and to try and gauge how long the wait was going to be.

The line moved way too slowly, but Alex was certain that even if each person was able to get checked out in less than thirty seconds, that would still be too slow for him and his rippling, sloshing bladder. He barely held back a yelp of surprise when he felt himself beginning to drip into his boxers. He froze, ramrod straight, tensing each and every muscle he had to cut off the leak, his thighs straining together as tight as he could get them.

This was not good. This was not good at all. Even if the line was finally starting to move, Alex wasn’t sure how much longer he could hold out. He was too full, too many slushys, way too much pee… It was making him more desperate just thinking about how much liquid he’d poured into his body! He groaned out loud then, his teeth clenched.

“Hm?” Adam asked. “What’s the matter?”

“Nothing,” Alex said quickly.

Adam still looked concerned, but they were next in line, so he put Alex’s strange behavior out of his mind while he paid for the shoes.

As they left the store, Alex wished he could press his legs together, double over and limp slowly and carefully, but he didn’t want to be so obvious when there were people around him that he didn’t even know. Once they were outside, Alex finally blurted it out in a tight, intense whisper; “Adam, I have to use the restroom!”

Adam didn’t respond.

“Adam,” Alex repeated, bouncing up and down as he tried to relieve the atrocious, throbbing pressure pulsing between his hips. “Can you take me? Please?”

“I…” Adam trailed off. He had a look on his face Alex had never seen before. “Can you hold it a little longer?”

Alex shook his head quickly. He’d already held it as long as it was physically possible to hold it! As if to voice its agreement, Alex’s bladder spasmed and he felt a long, hot jet of pee squirt into his boxers.

“Not that much longer,” Adam said. “Just… Just until we leave here, and I find you a gas station or something?”

Alex shook his head once again. He was already going! After that last leak, two more had managed to force their ways out. The pressure in his body was spiking with an intensity he could hardly stand as his bladder begged him to just give up and let it do what it wanted to do. He managed to cut off his flow again by crossing his legs and squeezing them together, but he was certain that if he spurted again, it would quickly turn into a real stream and he wouldn’t be able to stop it. His body was so tense and exhausted…

Adam shut his eyes. “It will only be five extra minutes, I promise. Maybe even less than that.”

Alex didn’t have five extra minutes. He barely had a minute at all! Alarm bells were ringing everywhere up and down his spine, he doubled over on himself and pressed his hands against his straining thighs. “I’m r—really sorry,” he managed. He was certain he was causing Adam inconvenience somehow now. But, he couldn’t figure out how. They were done with their shopping, so it wasn’t that he didn’t want to waste time. Maybe there just weren’t any toilets in the mall? Was that why Adam wanted him to wait until they got somewhere else? “Are there not restrooms here?”

“…N—No,” Adam said. “There are…”

Alex was then lost in a haze of desperation and confusion, and the two of those things combined made frustration build. There was pressure in his head and throat now as well as the pressure in his bladder. Why was Adam tormenting him!? Adam was usually so nice and caring! Had he made Adam angry, or what? “Then why can’t I pee!?” Alex snapped out. He felt heat flood him then. Not only had that been entirely too loud, he also felt deep shame that he’d lost his temper, even if it had only lasted a second.

He’d been taught all his life that showing anger was one of the worst sins he could commit. And now he’d gone and done it anyway. And even worse, he’d done it to Adam, the person he loved most of all. He would have to pray for forgiveness tonight. Hopefully God accepted his apology, and hopefully Adam would too.

“S—Sorry,” Alex said, softer now. He couldn’t stop squirming now even if someone offered him a million dollars. His body was flashing hot and cold, the wet spots on his boxers kept rubbing against his thighs, teasing him with the relief he couldn’t have. “I just… I drank so many slushys, Adam.”

“It’s okay,” Adam said. “I’m sorry… It’s an emergency, isn’t it?”

“Yes,” Alex choked out, letting out a humiliating groan. The spasms were happening faster and faster now, his control fraying as he fought to get each one of them under control. He was in such a state of desperate need that none of the dancing he couldn’t stop doing was helping. His teeth sank into his bottom lip enough to draw blood, but the pain in his mouth was actually a welcome distraction from the pain in his bladder. “Can I please go? Please take me?”

Adam still hesitated.

“Adam, please? I don’t know where the restrooms even are, and- Ahhnnnnn…- I’m scared to go without you,” Alex begged, tilting his head back and staring at the ceiling of the mall as he hissed out through his clenched teeth.

Adam wanted to help Alex. Alex’s eyes were filling with tears and looked huge on his face now, he was so doubled over he was practically folded in half. It was obvious Alex needed his help, but Adam was frozen. He was scared to do what needed to be done to help Alex.

Adam only knew where one of the mall’s restrooms was.

But, that restroom was where ‘it’ had happened.

‘It’ happened a few years ago. He’d been at the mall with his parents. He’d had two cups of soda at the food court, and really needed the restroom. He’d put it off for as long as he could, hoping to make it home before he had no choice but to go. But, soon enough it was an emergency, he couldn’t wait until he was home.

So, he’d had no option. He’d had to do it. He’d found a restroom and took a deep breath, the action shaking his full bladder even more, then went inside. He only made it a few steps before a hand was on his shoulder.

“Miss, you’re in the wrong place.” a voice said.

Adam had turned finding himself looking at three men. He’d thought, at first, that the men meant well. They thought he was a girl and that he was confused. But, Adam wasn’t a girl. “No,” he said. “I’m in the right place. I’m a guy.”

But, then the man’s expression had tensed. His two friends laughed. And Adam knew that their intentions weren’t good.

Adam stepped away. “I’m a guy,” he repeated. “Leave me alone.”

“Hell no,” one of the other men said. There was something in his voice that scared Adam deep in his bones. “Are you sure you’re a guy? Because you look more like a dyke.”

It was only a word. ‘Dyke’ was only a word. But, Adam was weak, and it pierced him like a knife. Adam had started to sweat, the stress and fear was having an affect on his bladder. He felt a leak just at the cusp of breaking free. “I have to pee,” he said.

“Then go,” the third man said. “Use the urinal. Standing up.”

Adam knew what the guy was trying to pull. But, he also knew it wasn’t going to work. He was actually a little relieved then. Once the guy saw him take his place at the urinal, he’d stop questioning him. He’d have no reason to think Adam wasn’t the same as any other man.

He’d unzip, aim his prosthetic and, while he didn’t think he’d be successful in getting his flow started with these people breathing down his neck, once they were satisfied that Adam had a cock they should just leave him alone, right?

He was naive to think he’d even get that far.

He shouldn’t have stayed. He shouldn’t have stayed and convinced himself that if he gave the men what they asked for, that he would then be left alone. He shouldn’t have become so focused on proving himself. He should have known better.. But, it was just… He’d wanted to prove himself. He’d wanted the men to see that he had just as much right to be in there as they did.

So, he’d approached the urinal and gripped his zipper.

But, before he could pull it down, the fists were already flying. They called him horrible things. They called him a dyke, a freak, a sick cunt. They spat on him and left him bloodied. At some point during it, Adam released his bladder onto himself, but everything else hurt so much that he didn’t even notice. He’d barely managed to escape from them, run out the door and into the light, where it was safe and there were witnesses. Only then did he let himself cry.

He’d found his parents again, and they were stunned by his bleeding nose, wet pants, and roughed up shoulders. He just told them he had to go home, and that was where they took him. Then they asked him for descriptions of the men whom had beaten him, said that they could have hate crime charges brought against them, but Adam just hadn’t felt like pursuing it. It was bad enough what they did, he didn’t need to drag it out even longer by having to relive it while he spoke to law enforcement. He just had to put it behind him.

But, it was never fully behind him. It was always there. It was always a part of him.

He was protective of Alex, but he had a reason to be.

Adam was scared to go back in that room. And he was scared to take Alex into it.

Alex was naive, even more than Adam had ever been. If anyone ever challenged Alex in a restroom, chances were he wouldn’t even realize there was a hint of danger until it was too late.

He knew it was ridiculous to think those three assholes would be in that restroom again today, but Adam had nightmares about that place. He had nightmares about the tiles on the floors and the shapes of the mirrors. He didn’t want to go back.

But, Alex needed him to.

“I’m sorry,” Adam said. “I’ll take you. Come on.”

That restroom was close to where they were at least. Alex lost several more long, hot spurts of pee as they walked the short distance, cursing the way the waistband of his pants cut into his abdomen. They arrived at the door and Adam stopped cold. He had that look on his face again. The one Alex couldn’t recognize. “What’s—“

“This is… Where it happened,” Adam said softly.

“Where—“ Alex cut himself off, another spurt of pee threatening to dribble forward. “Oh…” He wriggled his hips, now feeling apprehensive of the room that two seconds ago had looked like salvation. A long stream of pee began to cascade down his legs, his bladder squeezing itself. He felt like he was going to cry from how badly he needed to pee, from how scared he felt, and from how much he wanted to hug Adam and make him feel better. He couldn’t hug Adam now though, if he did he’d have an accident and drench them both.

Adam took a deep breath. “Come on, I’ll keep you safe,” he said.

They entered. It was empty, which made Alex feel better. He moaned as he tried to get to the urinal, placing one shaky foot down in front of the other. Once he’d made it, he jammed his legs right up against each other and tugged down his zipper, tearing the head of his prosthetic free and finally letting it all go.

His brain filled itself with static as the haze of relief settled over him. He tipped his head back to stare at the ceiling again, this time in pleasure rather than agony. His legs started to feel extremely wobbly, like he might actually lose his balance. His pee splashed loudly against the urinal and he let out a nice, fluttery sigh, releasing the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding along with his pee.

Adam’s heart was beating hard. His eyes were fixed on Alex. He knew they shouldn’t have been. Alex was freaking PEEING, Adam shouldn’t stare at him while he does that! Adam also knew that he didn’t NEED to watch Alex. Those three men weren’t here to harm him. No one was. But, being in this place again, seeing the tiles, seeing the mirrors, smelling the cheap air freshener… It was making Adam feel everything he’d felt on that day all over again. All the same fear. All the same embarrassment. All the same shame. The shame in who he was; A shame he hadn’t felt in so long.

“Phew…” Alex exhaled as he shook out his STP.

Adam remembered where he was again. Wow, that must have been at least a minute and a half… Alex really had needed to go… No way would he have made it to a gas station like Adam had suggested.

Alex zipped up and headed for the sink. “Thank you, Adam,” he said. “It’s really brave of you to come back in here just so I can feel safe.”

And, like that, the shame went away again. Adam had no reason to be ashamed of himself. He wasn’t a bad person. He could be courageous, and he could look out for the people he loved. Nothing about that was wrong or shameful. “You okay?” Adam asked.

“Yeah, I’m better,” Alex said.

And so was Adam.

