Ban Sang-mi Denied Relief!

Author: Skirt Accident

*000*2020-03-03 22:05

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/57533-ban-sang-mi-wees-her-tights/?do=embed"

If you're not familiar with Ban Sang-mi's other naughty adventures, check them out!

This story was inspired by this thread.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/57509-have-you-ever-had-to-leave-a-line/?do=embed"

Today, that exact fate befalls our gorgeous protagonist!

###

Ban Sang-mi looked gorgeous. Her black leather skirt and black tights fitted perfectly with her flowing black hair and tanned complexion. She would really impress her friends while out tonight. Her boyfriend Min-Jun looked hot, too, in tight blue jeans and a leather jacket. They would definitely be the hottest couple in the bar, and it was a trendy bar, too. It was going to be a really fun evening.

It was a really fun evening. In fact, it was so fun that Ban Sang-mi was too distracted to use the toilet all evening, despite drinking several large cocktails. While Min-Jun had gone for a wee after a few drinks, she was so busy chatting to her friend Kim Ju-hwa that she didn't go, despite her bladder soon filling up.

"It'll be closing time in 10 minutes," said Min-Jun. "Finish up our drinks and let's go to catch the last train home."

"Oh, shame," said Sang-mi. "I'm having such fun." She looked at the time on her phone. It really was late. "It's been so lovely to see you, Ju-hwa. We'll meet up again soon, I promise." She stood up, and felt the sheer intensity of her urge. "Wow, I really need to wee," she said. "Excuse me, guys, I'm off to the toilets."

"Not surprising, given how much you drank," said Min-Jun. He watched his girlfriend's sexy bottom as she strode off to the toilets. Hopefully she wouldn't be too long.

5 minutes later, she still wasn't back. Min-Jun went off to the toilets to try to find her. Sure enough, she was squirming in the queue, with 3 ladies still in front of her.

"I'm sorry, there really isn't time for you to use the toilet here," he said. "You'll have to hold it until we get on the train. The last train leaves in 15 minutes."

"But...but..." she said, crossing her legs and putting her hand on her bladder. "I'm bursting. I can't hold it."

"I know," he said, "but you'll have to wait. I'm not getting a taxi all the way home for the sake of your knickers. You should have gone earlier."

"But I'll wet my skirt," she pleaded. Her knickers were still dry now, but they wouldn't be for long.

"Quite honestly, I don't care," said Min-Jun. "We're going to miss the train if you wait any longer. If you can't hold it, you'll just have to wet your skirt and shower when you get back. Come on."

Sang-mi sighed and winced in pain as she walked away from potential relief. It was just agony to be heading away from the toilet she yearned to use, but she knew her boyfriend was right. She should have gone earlier.

Ju-hwa was visibly concerned to see her in such pain.

"You didn't have time to use the toilet?" she asked, concerned. "Oh, you poor girl. I really hope you make it."

"She won't," said Min-Jun.

"You're so horrible to her," said Ju-hwa. "Sang-mi is the sweetest girl, and you keep on making her humiliate herself. It's gross, and I wish she'd stand up for herself."

"He's right, it's my fault," said Sang-mi. "I should have gone earlier. Goodbye..."

Min-Jun tugged on Sang-mi's wrist and led her out into the street. The cool air blowing through her skirt was tormenting her bladder, making her want to release it even more. How bad could it be to just wet her skirt? It's not like Min-Jun would mind. But she was going to try to be strong, at least. Try to hold it as long as she could.

Clutching her bladder and gritting her teeth, Sang-mi walked briskly onto the station platform. The last train was just pulling in. Min-Jun was right. If she'd used the toilet, they'd have missed it.

"There's a toilet on the train," he said. "See, you don't have to wet yourself after all, as long as you hold it a little longer."

"Thanks," she said. She bent forwards and gasped in pain as she clutched her bladder. She had lost count of just how much she had drunk, but it was far too much for her bladder to reasonably handle. Honestly, she was impressed she hadn't leaked yet. Most women would already be standing in a puddle by now. But Sang-mi was used to holding it to the limits of her endurance by now, and she would hold it until she absolutely burst. She wouldn't let her boyfriend see her humiliated so easily.

After waiting for the people alighting the train to leave, she and Min-Jun stepped on. She saw the toilet that she had been craving for the last few minutes, and the psychological strain was enough to make her leak. She gasped in pain as a spurt dampened her knickers, but it wasn't visible under her skirt. She staggered over to the toilet, and tried to open the door.

It was occupied.

"FUCK!" she said, in a very unladylike manner.

"Mind your language, young lady," said an old woman. "I can't believe women these days. So crude."

"I'm really sorry, I'm just bursting to wee and there's someone in the toilet," she said. "I'm worried I'll wet my skirt."

"Well, you'll just have to hold it," said the old woman. "And don't drink so much next time."

Sang-mi leaned against the wall of the toilet, whimpering in pain. She could feel another spurt coming, and she wouldn't be able to control it. A burst of wet warmth soaked the crotch of her tights before she regained control.

"You're starting to wee, aren't you?" said Min-Jun, with a visible bulge in his jeans.

"Yes..." she said, tearful. "Oh, please hurry up, I just can't hold it..."

Sang-mi knew her bladder was really starting to give way. Just a few more minutes, and she'd be spurting wildly down her legs all over the floor. She tried to hold off the next spurt as long as she could. Just as it felt inevitable, the toilet door finally opened.

"Oh, thank you..." she said to the old man emerging. Trying to stagger to the toilet without leaking, she felt another hot spurt soak her tights. She was losing control, and the sight of the toilet finally pushed her over the edge. Another spurt came, and another. By the time the door was closed, it wasn't even worth trying to take off her soaked tights. She pulled up her skirt, sat on the toilet, and simply pissed through her tights for a whole minute. It was ecstatic, shameful relief. She could see why some women were into omo, and, quite frankly, she was starting to enjoy it, too.

After trying to dry her tights a little with toilet paper and washing her hands, she stepped out of the toilet, blushing. Min-Jun could smell the wee soaked into her tights.

"So...you didn't make it," he said.

"No, I didn't," she said. "Completely wet my skirt."

Min-Jun chuckled, and rested his hand on her bottom.

Sang-mi took her phone from her skirt pocket and texted Ju-hwa.

"Didn't make it. Completely weed myself on the train."

Ju-hwa responded.

"Oh, that's just awful. I really had to go, too, but I just about made it home OK."

Sang-mi replied.

"Don't worry. My boyfriend will make it fun for me at home!"

After the train finally reached their stop, they alighted and began the shameful walk home. Sang-mi felt her wet tights cling to her legs. In the dark her accident wasn't visible, but Min-Jun knew. When they finally got home, Min-Jun immediately flipped his girlfriend's skirt and started feeling her crotch.

"You really did have a big accident, didn't you?" he said. "Come on, let's get these wet tights off."

He grabbed hold of them and yanked them down to her knees, taking her knickers down with them. He then undid his flies to reveal his cock. After laying his girlfriend down on the couch, he began to work her clitoris with his fingers. She moaned and squirmed until finally coming to an intense climax. While she was still gasping in pleasure, he slipped his cock into her wet vagina. Kissing her tenderly on the lips, he thrust hard into her until he came to orgasm himself.

"How did you enjoy that, babe?" he asked.

"It was great," she said. "I love when you're a bit more gentle."

"Good to know," he said. "You know, I liked it too."

They snuggled together for a few moments before heading for the shower.

