Mack - Page 2

Author: Sapphire3619

*028*2018-02-14 04:30

This got a little out of hand :/ But I wanted to finish it before I head into a series of weekends with no free time for writing! Thank you all so much for reading!

If anyone had just looked at Mack’s face as he walked back to his truck, they wouldn’t have noticed anything out of the ordinary. In fact, nothing about the young man’s entire image, other than the obvious wet stain spreading down from the crotch of his jeans, indicated that he had wet himself at 18 years old. He didn’t slump his shoulders, didn’t hang his head, didn’t blink back tears of humiliation. He just walked, blank-faced and wet-pantsed.

Once behind the wheel, Mack felt his stomach cave in. It didn’t occur to him to let himself feel embarrassed or abased, though. Mack didn’t often let himself have the luxury of emotional expression; he had things to do. And now, those things included driving home, showering, and changing.

Mack tried not to get lost in his own thoughts in the shower. He didn’t want to consider the implications of the events of the afternoon. He just wanted to move on.

Just like he always did.

###

Mack woke up early on Sunday to the buzzing of his phone. Groggily, he reached toward his nightstand. His dad wasn’t due home for another week, and Big Mack virtually never called this early unless…

Before Mack had time to consider any potentially horrible implications, his eyes registered the text on the screen.

Doc has me on bed rest, but Hector has to go to work. Would you mind keeping me company for the day?

Mack closed his eyes. He knew what his response would be, of course. He wouldn’t refuse to help a pregnant woman. He wouldn’t refuse much of anyone who asked him for help.

So he’d get up, strip his wet sheets, shower, and drive over to Mrs. Sanchez’s house. He could at least finish putting up the window dressings in the baby’s room.

Of course. Be there in a half hour.

This time, Mack found it a bit more challenging not to get lost in his thoughts in the shower. He’d implicitly planned to spend the day alone, sleeping in, reading, maybe getting ahead on some homework. Definitely not going back to the woman who had summarily dismissed him yesterday.

True to his word, Mack pulled into Mrs. Sanchez’s driveway thirty minutes later. Hector answered the door, affable in his gratitude. He explained that Gina had been put on bed rest, that her mother would be coming into town tomorrow, but that they just needed someone to stick around for the day – Hector had to go into work for the morning, but he’d gotten a colleague to cover for him later – in case anything went wrong.

Nodding easily, Mack brushed off Hector’s repeated expressions of thanks. It was fine, he didn’t have anything else to do, he was happy to help. Hector looked understandably harried, but seemed to relax slightly knowing that Mack would be around to watch Gina for the day.

Hector rushed out, still thanking Mack and quickly explaining that Gina was dozing upstairs.

Mack exhaled deeply as Hector shut the door. He was already exhausted, both from being woken up earlier than expected and from the (as-yet-unacknowledged) emotional burden of having to face Mrs. Sanchez again so soon.

Well, not immediately, thankfully. Mrs. Sanchez was asleep, so Mack thought for a moment about what else he could work on around the house. He figured the baby’s room was too close to Mrs. Sanchez’s room, and didn’t want to disturb her with the noise, so he stayed downstairs. There was a new set of furniture – desk, bookshelves – for the office, so Mack figured he’d start there.

Glancing toward the office, Mack decided it was too far from the master bedroom. He crept upstairs and found the recently-purchased baby monitor in the baby’s room. Careful to keep it quiet, he unpacked the receivers and plugged one in just outside the slightly ajar master bedroom door. He took the speaker downstairs with him and started working.

Work was easy for Mack, especially the instruction-based furniture assembly in the office. It didn’t require any creativity, and the office was blank and unfamiliar enough that he wasn’t reminded whose house he was in.

It wasn’t long – maybe an hour – before Mack heard sounds of stirring from the baby monitor. He paused his work, listened, and then, determining that Mrs. Sanchez was actually awake, headed upstairs to see if she needed anything.

He knocked softly on the door and heard Mrs. Sanchez call him in.

“Hey, Mack,” Gina smiled, looking a bit tired, but otherwise, not too different than usual, sitting on the bed in a t-shirt and sweatpants.

“Mrs. Sanchez.” Mack stood just inside the door, not quite making eye contact. “Can I get you anything?”

Gina’s grin faltered a bit. She was still tired from yesterday, and had spent more time sleeping and convincing Hector that she was fine than she had thinking about Mack, but now, faced with the towering young man, she was sharply reminded of how he had looked when he left the hospital.

Still, she didn’t want to read too much into the situation. He’d come when she asked, hadn’t he?

“I’m good for now,” she told him. “I’m not tied to the bed, exactly, but I’m supposed to minimize walking, at least for a few days, and I’m definitely not supposed to go downstairs. So I’ll spend most of the day reading or sleeping, but Mack set up things for me here-“ she gestured toward the nightstand, loaded with books, sketchpads, a giant water bottle, and a laptop “-so I’ll just ask you to bring me some food or drink if I get hungry.”

Mack nodded, emotionless. “I put the baby monitor outside the door, so you don’t have to yell if I’m downstairs,” he explained. “But while you’re awake, I’m going to go finish the curtains in the baby’s room.”

The corners of Gina’s mouth turned down. She hadn’t expected Mack to spend the day working – they’d still pay him of course, had planned to pay him for coming over, anyway – and for some reason, the idea of the teen acting like just an employee made her sad.

She didn’t notice that Mack was looking at her while she frowned. When she didn’t speak for several seconds, Mack decided that there were no more directions forthcoming.

“I’ll just be in the baby’s room, then.”

And for the second time in 24 hours, Gina was left watching Mack walk out, not really sure of how to make things better.

###

It didn’t take Mack long to finish the blinds and the curtains in the baby’s room. He didn’t really want to speak to Mrs. Sanchez again, but he knew it would be polite to let her know that he was headed back downstairs.

Mack knocked on the master bedroom door, though it was mostly open, and he could see Mrs. Sanchez on the bed, reading.

Gina looked up, not quite startled by the sound of the knock. She’d been listening down the hall to the vague sounds of Mack hammering and hanging curtains. When the noises stopped, she heard the sounds of his steps approaching her room.

“I was going to go back down to the office to work on the bookshelves,” Mack said without prelude. “Do you need anything?”

Gina didn’t, but she didn’t want the whole day to be one of missed chances to talk with the teen. “Can you bring me a snack, please? Just something small. There’s a pack of granola bars in the pantry, middle shelf, left side.”

Mack nodded, not quite curtly, but definitely briefly. “Be right back.”

Gina put down her book and tried to breathe deeply while Mack went downstairs. She knew she didn’t have long before he returned, so she wouldn’t be able to prepare a full script. She’d just have to go for it.

Sure enough, within seconds, she heard Mack bounding back up the stairs, likely taking them two at a time. He walked into the room, holding out the granola bar.

“Thanks, Mack,” Gina smiled and gestured toward the night stand.

Mack didn’t so much as make a sound of acknowledgement. He simply placed the bar on the night stand and turned to leave.

“Mack,” Gina called, disconcerted by the complete lack of emotion from the boy.

He stopped and turned halfway, the only break in his blank expression a slightly raised eyebrow.

“Mack, please,” Gina begged, unsure of how to start. “I know yesterday was crazy, but I…” She paused. She wanted to apologize, but she genuinely didn’t know what for.

“I don’t want you to be upset,” she finished, sincerely.

Mack inhaled, turning to face Mrs. Sanchez fully and softening his face a bit. “It’s fine, Mrs. Sanchez,” he claimed, his insistence almost convincing.

But Gina knew better. She’d spent enough time with the boy by now to know that he was just trying to keep her from worrying. Or maybe to keep himself from worrying.

“It’s not,” Gina insisted, gazing at him sadly. “I can tell it’s not, and I want to help.”

Instantly, Gina knew she had said the wrong thing. Mack straightened, raising his chin a fraction of an inch.

“It’s fine,” Mack repeated, his voice tinged with ice. “Now, if you don’t need anyth-“

“I do!” Gina exclaimed. “This is what I need! I need to talk about what happened yesterday. I need you to stay here and tell me what’s wrong.”

The changes in Mack’s facial expressions were so subtle, blunted by years of practiced self-control, but Gina could see his eyes narrow, and she nearly shuddered. She’d seen him determined, she’d seen him exhausted, she’d seen him pleased, but she’d never seen him…whatever it what he was feeling right now.

Mack was tired from waking up early, and he was unprepared for this confrontation. He was so unused to having his actions questioned, and, by extension, he was unused to having to examine his own emotions. Living alone let him distract himself from anything that went wrong – he could just go home from school or work, be alone, and not think about anyone else’s reaction. And now, Mrs. Sanchez was actively confronting him.

So Mack confronted her right back.

“Stay?” Mack’s voice was clipped, challenging. “Now you want me to stay?”

Gina’s mouth fell open slightly. In all of their interactions, despite all of her intrusions and nosiness, despite Mack’s tendency for reticence, he’d always been unfailingly respectful. It’s not that he was being rude now, exactly, but he had almost snapped.

“I’ll stay, Mrs. Sanchez,” Mack said, a bit softer. “I’m here to work, so just tell me what you want me to do.”

“Mack…” Gina was thrown. She couldn’t tell what Mack needed. “You’re not just here to work. We’re…you’re…you’re not my employee.”

“Of course I am,” Mack replied. He now seemed to be working to hold himself together. “I’m here to do what you tell me to.”

“Mack!” Gina objected. “I’m not your boss. You can do what you want.”

Mack’s face hardened again. Gina could see the muscles in his jaw clenching. But when he spoke, his voice was low and even, almost to an eerie degree.

“I wanted to stay yesterday, Mrs. Sanchez. I wanted to stay with you until Hector got there, to make sure you were OK. I didn’t care about how I looked or what anyone else thought. I knew what I wanted.”

Here, Mack paused and locked eyes with Gina. “I wanted to stay,” he repeated. “You wanted me to leave.”

Gina could only watch in awe as the young man held her gaze and continued to speak.

“I told you I could handle things. I told you it didn’t bother me.” Mack drew in a breath, trying to preemptively keep his voice from shaking. “It bothered you.”

Gina’s eyes widened with comprehension. She finally understood what was bothering Mack – understood what the look that had flashed across his face when she’d told him to leave the emergency room had indicated.

It had been betrayal.

“You said it was OK,” Mack murmured, his tone dropping unintentionally. “You were supposed to be OK with it. I said I was OK with it, but you weren’t.”

Gina opened her mouth to argue, or apologize, or something, but Mack kept talking.

“I figured everyone else would stare,” Mack was practically whispering now. “But I didn’t think you would tell me to leave. I said I wanted to stay, but you didn’t want me to.”

“Oh, no,” Gina tried to object. “It was just-“

“And if you’re not OK with it,” Mack went on as if Gina hadn’t spoken, “then how can I expect anyone else ever to be OK with it? I thought…I thought if I just explained it, then people would understand that it’s just another thing.”

Gina felt her heart crack as a fine sheen of tears filled Mack’s eyes.

“So I don’t know what I’m going to do now,” the teen continued, frustration building. “I can’t stop pissing myself, and I can’t find anyone who doesn’t care about it, and it wasn’t my fault!”

Most other high school students might have been screaming at this point, but Mack’s years of practice meant that his voice was only somewhat strained, like a student frustrated by a difficult homework problem.

“Mack…” Gina whispered, aghast. She had no idea what to say, or how to make the boy feel better.

“I’m just here to do what you tell me to, Mrs. Sanchez,” Mack blinked, erasing any tears from his eyes. His voice steadied, approaching the blank tone that he’d been using all morning. “I thought that I could manage with the way I am now, but if even you don’t want anything to do with me if I…when I wet myself, then how can I expect anyone else to put up with me?”

Mack’s words were chilling in their simplicity. He wasn’t complaining; he was simply stating how he thought his world worked. The final question was rhetorical – he clearly didn’t expect anyone to “put up with” him at all.

Gina drew in a deep breath. She’d learned enough about Mack to trust his maturity, but he was still only eighteen. And right now, he needed an adult.

“Dominic,” Gina said sternly, tilting her chin down. She patted the bed next to her. “Sit down.”

Mack tensed, looking uncharacteristically unsure. Gina raised an eyebrow, and the boy acquiesced, sitting just on the edge of the mattress.

“Mack, I’m so sorry,” Gina soothed. “I was wrong yesterday, and I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you.”

Mack shrugged, but not in the petulant way of many teenagers; it was a resigned shrug, one that acknowledged the apology while simultaneously communicating that it didn’t change anything in the long run.

“I shouldn’t have sent you away,” Gina continued, “and I promise I won’t do it again. You can make your own choices.”

“I can’t,” Mack argued, but there was no force behind his statement. He sounded younger than Gina had ever heard him. “I mean, I can, but no one’s ever just going to believe me.”

He shrugged again. “There’s no room in the world for a grown man who pees himself.”

Gina wanted to hug the boy, especially knowing what she had to say next, but she held back. Instead, she simply gave Mack the honesty and respect that she hadn’t given him yesterday.

“You’re right,” Gina said, simply but sadly.

Mack looked sideways at Mrs. Sanchez, both mournful and grateful. The past 24 hours had been rough, shattering the carefully constructed belief system he’d built for himself since the fight, but he would have been angry if Gina had lied to him.

“It’s just not something society is set up for,” Gina went on. “Your system is good for every day, but you…you don’t really have a backup plan.”

Mack slumped forward. Sitting perpendicular to Mrs. Sanchez, not having to look her straight in the eye but knowing she was right there, made him feel more vulnerable than he had in a long time.

“I know,” he mumbled. “I just can’t…I don’t know how much it would be to see a doctor, and I can’t afford…other stuff.”

For the first time since Gina had known him, Mack’s cheeks tinged with color, his typically composed manner challenged by the allusion to diapers. Admitting out loud that he didn’t have a plan seemed to break something inside the teen.

“It wasn’t my fault,” he said, his voice breaking. He’d made the claim before, and Gina believed him of course, but this time, he expanded on the assertion.

“I didn’t want to fight,” he almost pleaded. “I didn’t want any of this. It wasn’t my fault, but I got suspended and hurt and now I can’t control myself and I don’t know what I’m going to do.”

He stared down at his hands, his fingers nervously intertwined. “I wanted to go to college,” he murmured shakily. “I want to have a job, to-“

He cut himself off, looking positively wretched.

But Mack’s words had sparked something in Gina, a consideration that she’d been cultivating for over a month. She hadn’t wanted to propose the idea to Mack without due cause.

She figured a teen deciding that his entire life was artificially derailed counted as due cause.

“Mack,” Gina said softly, knowing she’d have to be delicate. “You know that Hector is a surgeon, right?”

Mack glanced up, allowing himself to look hopeful for a split second before shaking his head.

“Mrs. Sanchez, I could never-“

“No, please, just hear me out-“

“Mrs. Sanchez, I can’t-“

Mack’s voice rose frantically, but he cut himself off as a sharp pain knifed through his lower abdomen. Face flaming, he stood up.

“I have to go.”

In the bathroom, Mack felt himself trembling as he went, his eyes wet. After washing his hands, he leaned against the sink, bracing his arms, but he was shaking too much to get proper support. Defeated, he backed up against the wall and slid to the floor.

Mack wrapped his long arms around his knees and tried to breathe deeply. He knew what Mrs. Sanchez was going to suggest, of course, and it was too much. He’d been dealing with semi-continence for over 4 months now, and as recently as yesterday morning, he’d convinced himself that he had it handled. But then Mrs. Sanchez had had a seizure, which was unsettling enough on its own, and he’d had an accident, and the whole emergency room had seen his wet pants.

And Mrs. Sanchez had told him to leave.

And now she was trying to suggest that her husband could somehow surgically fix him.

And it was too much.

It was too much for Mack to process in such a short time – to go from thinking he had his unfortunate situation handled to realizing that it was a far more impossible situation than he’d imagined to being offered a potentially curative out, when he’d spent years doing everything on his own, to the extent that he’d started to believe that there was no point in relying on anyone else, ever.

It was too much.

For the first time in many years, Mack let himself slump forward, forehead on his knees and tears filling his eyes. He knew his options were limited, and, at the moment, there were no viable options that he could complete all on his own. The thought of accepting help – and quite a lot of help, at that – went against everything Mack had taught himself over the past few years, and isolation was a hard habit to break.

But even more ingrained than his independence was Mack’s sense of duty. He didn’t wallow; he did what had to be done. And right now, the best option for continuing to be a productive member of society was to accept – or at least listen to – Mrs. Sanchez’s offer.

It felt like ages, but Mack had only been sitting for a few minutes. He drew in a breath and hauled himself to his feet, wiping his eyes. After a moment of mental preparation, he returned to Mrs. Sanchez’s room.

Gina watched apprehensively as the teen sat back down on the mattress.

There was a pause, but then Mack opened his mouth.

“Have you told Hector about me?”

“No,” Gina answered, honestly. Of course, Hector knew Mack and had met him, but Gina still hadn’t disclosed Mack’s continence issues.

Mack nodded, unexpectedly but visibly relieved.

“But…he might be able to help?”

Gina melted at the vulnerability in the young man’s voice. He wasn’t looking at her, but she’d seen the redness in his eyes when he’d walked back in. And the fact that he was even considering the help meant that he was truly broken.

“Yes,” Gina insisted, infusing the word with as much emphasis as she could. “The hospital has one of the best urological departments in the country, and they have an endowment for providing pro bono surgeries.”

Mack’s fingers were twisting nervously, but he didn’t interrupt or shake his head to signal that he found anything outright objectionable about the plan just yet.

“You’d be a good candidate for the assistance program,” Gina continued. “You have great grades, and you’re a hard worker. And since you’re 18, no one would have to know – not even your dad, if you don’t want to tell him.”

“I’d tell him,” Mack mumbled reflexively. He didn’t want his dad to worry about his wetting, but he couldn’t imagine having surgery – major surgery? – without letting Big Mack know.

“OK,” Gina nodded, but didn’t say anything else. She knew about the program, and she was sure Hector could help Mack get the surgery done for free, but that was assuming that whatever was wrong with the boy had a surgical fix.

Which was exactly the point Mack had arrived at – the shaky uncertainty of the plan even having the potential to work.

He sat in silence for a few more moments. Gina waited patiently, giving him space to process. He inhaled and opened his mouth a few times, as if to speak, but then would stop. After a few of these false starts, he finally asked the question he didn’t want to have to ask.

“What if it doesn’t work?”

Gina had known it was coming, and had her answer ready. “Then we figure out what to do from there,” she said calmly. “We’d cross that bridge when we come to it.”

Mack nodded, shoulders hunched slightly. He knew that this was his best option, even if it was far from a guarantee. And it was an option he almost certainly wouldn’t have if not for his relationship with Mrs. Sanchez.

Finally, Mack raised his eyes and gazed at the tiny woman on the bed, looking more like the teenager he was than Gina had ever seen.

“I didn’t want to fight,” he whispered, eyes shining.

“Oh, honey.” Gina sighed and reached out her arms.

And Mack folded sideways, letting Gina wrap him in her arms – at long last, letting someone else be the adult.

(Epilogue)

Hector was a well-trained physician, so he had kept an admirably straight face when Gina had told him that the hard-working young man who had been fixing up their house actually had semi-regular wetting accidents. The urology team was certainly used to handling delicate, potentially embarrassing issues, so they didn’t make Mack feel damaged when he came in for his consult.

For once, the breaks came (mostly) in Mack’s favor. As the lead surgeon described, showing Mack MRI images that he didn’t quite understand, Conway’s stomp had torn muscle in Mack’s urethral sphincter and damaged nerves in his bladder. So the nerves weren’t sending as many early signals of fullness, and the scar tissue from the torn muscle was preventing him from being able to fully control the muscle.

“I can’t fix all the nerves,” the surgeon explained apologetically, “but I can laser away some of this scar tissue, which should give you back voluntary control. You still won’t feel like you used to, but urgency will no longer be disastrous.”

The proposed improvement was more than Mack had allowed himself to hope for, so it hadn’t taken a lot of persuasion to get him to agree. The surgery was planned within a week; Hector would assist while Big Mack and Gina would stay in the waiting room.

The surgery went perfectly, though Mack remained apprehensive throughout the days-long recovery process. Despite the therapist’s professionalism, it was decidedly unpleasant having someone direct you through the physical process of holding exercises.

But when it was all over, Mack was left with significantly less pain and substantially more control. For all intents and purposes, the surgery rectified the functional damage done back in December.

Mack only missed two days of school, and he kept Gina updated through texts. She didn’t inundate him with requests for information, instead following his lead in treating the surgery like no big deal. She understood that he’d treat his recovery with the same sense of duty and hard work that he brought to everything else in his life.

So she wasn’t really surprised when, the following Saturday at 12:55 PM, she heard a knock on her front door.

“Hey, Mrs. Sanchez. So what are we working on today?”

*036*2018-03-18 23:12

Thank you all so much!! I so appreciate all of the kind feedback :) I'll try to post more stories over the next few months!

