Auction Day (part 2 of an earlier work I did)

Author: StormrReaper

*000*2018-02-16 21:31

Hey guys before the story starts I wanna say thank you for reading. This was a dream I had and it basically was too good of a source to work with to pass it up. So part 2 of my one shot is here YAY!

Removing the blindfold over her eyes.all the young girl could see was the bright overhead fog light. Pointed directly at her.

"This young woman is blossoming still". A man said over a microphone to the crowd.

"As you can see" a cold emotionless touch lifted her ragged top revealing her chest."she has potential to anyone willing to wait. Oh-ho-ho yes sir! She will make the money back that you spend tonight on her back for you very quickly."

"100£" a deep man voice yelled

"Eager to start the bidding are we?"

200£ another yelled

As the number jumped higher and higher the last of her clothing. Her panties, was removed.

"As you see people"she felt the man spread her."untouched virgin. Even a collector would be willing to pay top dollar for this toy."

2500£ a woman's voice yelled

One, man who walked up to the stage and was examining her began to push down on her pubic, area.

Trying to scream she couldnt, with the gag in her mouth. Tears streaming down. Her face as her bladder gave from the pressure. Urine flowed out onto the man whose head was there eager to catch it. Standing up all he said "15000£" everyone went silent. "15grand going once. Twice... no?...SOLD"

"Load her into the car" the male voice hissed at his servant.

This was the day I was sold into slavery. Sold to the most vile, disgusting kind of man. A man. Whom, little did I know. Was more than just a human trafficker.

