My first attempt to write a story

Author: soo-pis-sed

*000*2019-11-06 20:42

I'm not a native English speaker, so I always thought that writing stories would be a bad idea for me. But recently, in some topic in "Omorashi General" section, there was a person who still writes stories although English is not her first language. So I thought I could at least try. I'm posting the beginning of the story and can post the remaining part any time if you find it not too awful.

___

I looked at the photo of my tonight's date once again. Yes, he's definitely my type, looking so strong with his muscular arms. I'm not the kind of girl to have sex on the first date, and of course he won't be an exception to my rule, but I could imagine a few things we could do in bed... I just hoped he wouldn't turn out boring and stupid like some dudes who prefer working out to any other activity.

Well, at least I know one remedy for being bored, I thought, finishing a 500 ml bottle of water and putting one more in my purse. Holding my pee isn't something I do frequently, but I've made it a sort of a tradition at dates. I get so confident when I hide this secret from a person I'm talking to, being desperate to pee right in front of them and knowing I'm in control of my body... The warmth of the mild urge I already started to feel was so calming and so exciting at the same time. I wasn't going to get bursting at home, though. I stroked my bladder through my tight skirt once more and left for the date.

...After a long walk in the park, I had to admit that I liked the guy. I wanted to spend some more time with him, which could lead to having to visit the bathroom at some point. Sometimes, when a date was a disaster, I preferred to leave early and hold until home, then rub one out as a consolation prize for myself; but it wasn't the case this time. Not going home meant going to pee somewhere else; I didn't want to do it yet, though. It's been some time since I finished the second bottle, so there was about 1L of water circulating in my system - honestly, my bladder was already asking for a relief, but I wasn't going to grant it anytime soon. You're gonna get way fuller today, dear.

"How about grabbing a beer at some bar?" my date asked. Beer? Perfect! "Exactly what I need," I said, utterly enjoying the fact that he doesn't know why I need it.

Half a mug in, the pressure started growing incredibly fast. Maybe because I sat down after a lengthy walk, I jumped from being remarkably full but not desperate yet to balancing on the verge of making a tiny pool on my seat. I adjusted myself a bit.

"Well, I'll go find the bathroom," he said. "Ah, sure," I replied. When he was back, seeming freshly relieved, I didn't even notice him at first, being too busy trying not to wet all over the place. "The bathroom is over there," he said, pointing at it, "in case you need it."

"Thanks, I'm good," I said... He eyed me for ten long seconds before replying, "I see." I shook a bit under his scrutinizing gaze, but did my best to take it cool. "One more beer then?" he asked with a smile.

*003*2019-11-07 09:13

Thanks everyone, I guess I'll just post the rest of it in a comment for those who liked the first part.

___

..."One more beer then?" he asked with a smile. Oh my god, I thought, will I end up rushing to the bathroom right after telling him I don't need it? "I don't think so," I muttered, weakly trying to smile back, "I don't want to get drunk."

"Sure, it's up to you," he replied, "would you mind if I have one though?"

"No problem." He continued, "Personally, I might want to get tipsy - you know, I'm a little nervous in a company of a smoking hot woman like you."

"Oh c'mon," I chuckled, "with that body of yours you must only be dating the sexiest girls." He gave me another curious stare lasting an eternity. Please keep up, please keep up, I begged my bladder. "Will you believe me if I say I'm interested in you more than in any other girl?" Before I had the time to reply, a waiter passed us, and he ordered another beer. Unexpectedly for even myself, I squeaked under my breath, "One more for me, too." I noticed a glimpse of approval on his face. Does he want to get me drunk? Would be creepy.

For the next excruciating minutes, supposedly I kept talking, asking and answering questions, but for the life of mine wouldn't remember a word if it. I had haze before my eyes and blood pumping in my ears. My bladder was so bloated it felt like a basketball inside me. I was agonizing.

Having finished his beer, he stood up and said, "Okay, I'll call on that bathroom once again, and we can leave." By that moment, I knew I couldn't bear it any longer. It was unbelievable how overstretched my bladder could get and how I still haven't lost control after all that beer. I realized it was only my fault that I got myself into that trap, but now I made up my mind: as soon as he's back, I'll go take probably the longest pee in my life.

"Okay, we can go," he commented, passing my table and heading straight to the exit without stopping. "But..."

"Hmm?" - he turned around. "We need to ask for a check and pay!"

"Ah, I've paid at the bar on my way to the WC," he said light-heartedly. What else could I do but follow him?

I started up in a hurry, which apparently was a mistake: I leaked a little. Just a few drops, but I knew they could be followed by a flood in no time. It was already dark outside, which felt like a special gift to me. I also thanked myself a thousand times for having chosen to wear a skirt. This, plus darkness, gave me a hope that he wouldn't notice spurts of pee running down my legs.

"Do you want me to walk you home?" he asked. I pondered over it a little. Although it was going to take at least half an hour, walking seemed the best idea in my situation. Bursting in a taxi would be far more noticeable, also, ruining someone's upholstery isn't nice. "I'd be happy!" exclaimed I with as much enthusiasm as a person who is currently wetting herself can show.

For a couple of minutes I kept leaking constantly, but then I managed to cut it. I felt relieved after letting some liquid out, also, an upright position gave my exhausted bladder some much-needed space. Only then I paid attention to my nether parts that were all swollen and oversensitive because of the pressure. I was unconsciously stimulating my labia and clit the whole time I was wiggling in my seat, and now they throbbed and pulsated so hard that I was desperate to touch them no less than to pee. But the closer to my place we got, the more overwhelmed I was by the extreme need to empty my bladder. By the moment we were at my porch, it was the only thing on my mind. I started leaking again and couldn't help it anymore. But I didn't care already; there were just a few moments left until home.

Finally, at my door, I was reaching for the keys, when I heard the soft and cunning voice above my ear. "Can I kiss you?" Oh... Not that it was unexpected; but the timing was just awful! Still, I couldn't resist this man... "Yes."

He pressed me against the door and leaned on me - just a little, but even this light pressure felt like his whole weight pushing on my bladder. It was an unprecedented torture - but also the most intense pleasure I had in ages. "Can I ask you a very personal question?" he said quietly. I nodded. "Are you holding your pee right now?" I startled. "What?! No!"

"Seriously?" he asked slyly, "You're leaking like crazy. Or are you just that aroused?"

"No... I mean, yes."

"Yes what? Are you holding your pee or not?" My face was on fire. Avoiding eye contact, I nodded. "Do you know that's the hottest thing a woman can do?" he whispered. Wait... Was he watching my condition from the very beginning? "Are you enjoying me pissing myself here in front of you?!" I blurted. "No more than you're enjoying it." I breathed heavily, trying to collect my thoughts. I needed to go so bad I wouldn't care if the whole world watched me. But losing control right there still seemed impossible. "Now that I admitted I've been holding the whole time, can I just go home and let it out?" I saw the widest grin on his face. "Of course you can go use your bathroom, at your home. But is this what you want?"

"It's easy for you to speak," I moaned, "it's not you risking your pants."

"What if I'm about to get my pants soaked?"

"Do you want to pee, too?" I asked, somewhat puzzled. "No. I want you to pee." Upon saying this, he lifted me like I weighed nothing, holding me by my butt and putting my legs around his waist. Spreading legs like that got me... I exploded. I peed and peed and peed, releasing more cascading liquid than I'd ever thought I could store inside. He was pressing my spring against his crotch harder and harder, making me feel his erection through the thin moist layers of my panties and his jeans. I wished I could go on forever... Eventually, the last wave subsided. Gently he let go of me, but still had to support me, my knees were too weak. There was a small puddle under our feet; more got absorbed by his jeans. Now all I needed was an orgasm, no, many, many orgasms. I opened the door and let him in. It was the time to break my rule.

*012*2019-11-19 12:08

{{On 11/18/2019 at 1:24 AM, jrs1989 said:

This is a dizzyingly good story. Can there please be a sequel??

}}

I believe that new story with new heroes will work better

