A Different Kind Of Contest (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*000*2024-12-04 03:35

Beerus glowered at his brother, scowling at the claw poised above one of the last remaining pudding cups. It was bad enough that Champa had decided to visit Universe Seven completely unannounced, but now he intended to partake in the delectable food that was supposed to be all Beerus’s. Bulma had gotten these delicacies for HIM and him alone! Sitting at the table on Capsule Corp’s balcony, he’d been enjoying the spoils until his twin had decided to show up and interrupt everything.

Growling, he slapped Champa’s hand away. “It’s not for you,” he said.

“But, I’m hungry,” Champa complained, reaching out for it again. “Do you wish to make me whither away to nothing?”

“Whiter away to nothing?” Beerus repeated, incredulous. “Have you looked into any mirrors lately? If you really must eat, go get your own food.”

“Fine,” Champa said. He shifted in his seat at the table, turning to face Bulma before slamming his fist down; “Bring forth more of those pudding cups!”

Bulma sighed. “There aren’t any more,” she said. “And, you know, you two COULD just try to learn how to share.”

“Why should I be expected to share my meal with him?!” Beerus demanded. “He could stand to miss out on a few sweets!”

“I dare you to say that again, you scrawny punk!” Champa shouted back, standing from his chair.

Beerus stood as well, the two coming nose-to-nose.

“Now, now,” Whis admonished, sensing the tension about to boil over. “We can’t have two destroyer Gods enter combat with one another.”

Vados nodded, “It could lead to the destruction of both your universes,” she said.

Champa took a step back. “I… I was not intending for this to come to blows. Not between US, anyway. Let’s hold another tournament.”

“You really want to waste that much of my time?” Beerus asked. “By the time we gather our teams and the tournament concludes, the pudding would have already spoiled. Besides, my universe has already proven itself superior to yours.”

“A different sort of contest, then,” Champa said. “This time, we could have our teams play golf, rather than baseball.”

“No,” Beerus said. “Once more, it would take too long for us to get everyone together and finish. If you go back to your universe to retrieve your team, I will eat the remaining puddings before you’ve returned.”

Champa’s eyes narrowed and his teeth gnashed together irritably. “You…” he gritted out. “Fine! I’ll think of something we can do without the need for teams.”

“You do that,” Beerus rolled his eyes, reaching for one of the pudding cups, only to have his hand smacked aside just like he had done to Champa’s earlier.

“And no one will be eating any of those until this is settled!” Champa declared. He put a hand to his chin, contemplating how to accomplish that. He and Beerus couldn’t fight each other, there was no time to gather their teams together… Maybe they could do something like see who could lift the most weight… Or, they could see who could endure the pressure inside Capsule Corp’s gravity chamber the longest, or—

“KAKAROT! GET BACK HERE!”

There was a shout from inside the building that jarred Champa out of his thoughts.

“YOU CAN’T JUST RUN OFF BECAUSE YOU REALIZED I WAS BEATING YOU!”

Curious, Champa padded over to the door and opened it, peering inside.

A sweaty and somewhat tattered Vegeta was chasing a similarly disheveled Goku down the hallway. Vegeta was red with frustration and anger, his hands balled up into fists and his typical scowl far deeper than usual. Goku’s eyes were wide, his cheeks pink and flushed, and his steps equal parts hurried and clumsy.

“I’m not running away, Vegeta!” Goku complained, pausing his haggard running so he could spin around and face Vegeta directly. As he pleaded his case, his feet refused to hold still, he bounced up and down, like the ground beneath him was burning him. “I’ll be right back! You can hit me from the same position we were in and everything! I just REALLY have to go, and you’ve already made me use up so much of my energy that if I pee, I won’t be able to evaporate it. You don’t want me making a puddle in the gravity chamber do you?!”

Vegeta stepped back, folding his arms. “… Oh, THAT. You should have just SAID so, instead of running off randomly… As if the middle of a fight is an appropriate time to… To do THIS.”

Goku’s legs started to cross together, one knee over the other, pinning his member shut between them. “It’s not like I can help when I need to go, Vegeta! I can’t hold in a whole dang lake like you can!”

The redness on Vegeta’s face intensified, the coloration moving down his neck and up to his ears. “K—Kakarot!” He hissed, mortified. “Shhhh! You can’t just… You can’t just talk about… Such matters!”

“Aw, c’mon, we’re the only ones here,” Goku said, now beginning to bend forwards slightly, his legs rubbing with so much urgency and friction Champa was surprised they didn’t start to spark. “And, all I mean is that it’s real impressive you can do that! You sure have me beaten there!”

Vegeta’s blush settled down almost instantaneously at Goku’s praise, a small smirk replacing his scowl. “Indeed I do, Kakarot,” he said. “Very well. Go ahead, just make it fast.”

Goku nodded and resumed his frantic jog down the hallway.

And, Champa got an idea.

He closed the door and turned back to his brother and the others. “I know what we’ll do,” he said. “Instead of gathering teams as before, each of us will choose someone that’s already here to compete in a small challenge.”

Beerus quirked one brow, his eyes narrowing. “And, what challenge would this be?”

“Whoever’s chosen participant holds their pee the longest is the winner,” Champa said. “I will be picking Vegeta.”

Bulma started to shake her head. “Right. Good luck with that…” she mumbled.

Beerus’s eyes narrowed further, then rolled, unamused. “What kind of a fool do you take me for? Absolutely not.”

“Why? It shouldn’t take that long if we make our contestants drink enough,” Champa reasoned.

“First of all, this is a very childish contest. It’s beneath me.”

“Are you quite certain of that, my lord?” Whis questioned. “All things considered… You ARE prepared to go to war over just a few servings of pudding.”

“Quiet, Whis!” Beerus commanded. “Second, you assume I haven’t noticed the Saiyan prince’s… Abilities? He’s trained on my planet for many, many months, and I have not seen him relieve himself even once. Third… Be my guest, tell Vegeta what you want him to do. After that, you might not even have a tongue to TASTE the delicious pudding with anymore.”

“No matter how powerful he is, he can’t defeat a destroyer God,” Champa said.

“He’ll still refuse. Mark my words. If you believe someone as prideful as Vegeta would willingly subject himself to something so humiliating, you must be even stupider than I originally thought.” He smirked. “Congratulations, brother, you have finally managed to impress me.”

Minutes later, Goku and Vegeta stepped out onto the balcony, having heard the brothers arguing.

Beerus gestured to the two Saiyans; “Proceed, Champa. Let’s see how this little proposal of yours works out.”

Champa explained the contest idea to Goku and Vegeta, then informed Vegeta that he was the person he’d picked.

Vegeta’s earlier blush returned full-force. Nope! That was… That would be SO utterly humiliating! He felt the skittering of anxiety tingling away in his chest just at the thought of it! He’d be… Desperate in front of people, something that was always a nightmare for him. Everyone would KNOW what his restless motions meant. Everyone would be ANTICIPATING them, watching for them, thinking about his bladder, thinking about it getting full, about him needing to go… Then, when he finally won (because of COURSE he WOULD win) and could use the restroom, they’d be thinking about him GOING, and he would never even be ABLE to piss knowing that his bodily functions were on everyone’s mind!

“No way in Hell,” Vegeta snapped.

“See?” Beerus asked.

Champa frowned. He hadn’t expected such a quick dismissal of the idea, not even after Beerus had warned him it was coming. There had to be SOME way to get Vegeta to agree… Oh, wait, of course there was! “If my brother selects Goku, I have faith you’ll be able to defeat him easily.”

“Even if we went forward with your ridiculous contest, I would never choose Goku for this,” Beerus said. “Fill him up with enough water, and he’ll only last about one hour.”

Goku frowned. “Aw, come on! I can do a LITTLE better than that!”

“You have always had a lot of little ‘emergencies’, Goku,” Bulma said.

Goku looked away. “I can’t help it!”

“I’m not doing this,” Vegeta said. “It isn’t happening. Just forget about it.”

Champa turned around. “Vados, about how long can an angel—“

“I’m sorry, my lord,” Vados said. “But, I’m going to have to decline.”

He looked to Bulma. “How about Earthli—“

“My bladder has enough problems right now,” Bulma said. “Vegeta’s next little ‘bundle of joy’ is sitting right on top of it.”

Goku gave her a confused glance. “His… What?” He leaned over to get a better view of Bulma’s abdomen. Her tummy looked bigger for some reason, but he didn’t see anything sitting on it… “Do you mean you ate too much, Bulma?”

“Goku…” Bulma groaned.

Champa groaned as well. No one here was going to indulge him and be his contestant. Which only left one option. The option that was always his least favorite. The one he always left as a last resort; Doing it himself. “Fine, then,” he said. “Beerus, you and I will compete ourselves!”

Beerus gave another roll of his eyes. “Still pointless, we all know who is going to win.”

“Right, we do,” Champa agreed. “It’s going to be me.”

“Fat chance, fatso,” Beerus scoffed. “Whis, get us some water!”

***

“I don’t feel anything yet!” Champa bragged after half an hour, and several large pitchers of water. “I already have this thing in the bag!”

Beerus shook his head. “Not so fast, I don’t feel anything, either. You haven’t got a chance in Hell, brother.”

“Dream on!”

The brothers bickered back and forth for a while, both insisting that they would become victorious. Meanwhile, the others just sat there and watched with varying degrees of interest.

Whis and Vados were just glad that they hadn’t decided to fight one another physically after all— Though they both knew that there would be quite a large mess to clean up if either one of them ended up not making it.

When Beerus was in hibernation, his body’s functions slowed to a very, very slow crawl, allowing him to survive without food or water for ages, and preventing him from needing the restroom too badly before he re-emerged. However, when he slept normally, this was a very different story. His bladder would progressively fill at its usual rate, and Beerus was such a heavy sleeper— and so dangerous to wake up in the midst of a nap— that wet bed sheets weren’t an uncommon occurrence at his palace.

Occasionally, Whis would come check on Beerus while he rested and notice that he was in need of the restroom, his hands or his tail tucked between his legs as he fidgeted in his sleep. He had made the mistake of waking Beerus only once, and then never repeated it again. It was easier to deal with a damp bed than a pissed off Beerus.

But, that was saying an awful lot. Beerus’s bladder was so large that the bed would be thoroughly drenched any time his urge to pee failed to wake him up quickly enough. It would soak deep into the mattress and leave the sheets absolutely dripping, squelching at the smallest touch. If Whis hadn’t been capable of using magic, Beerus’s beloved, extra comfortable bed would have been completely ruined hundreds of times over by now.

Indeed, if Beerus lost control of his bladder today, the resulting flood would turn this balcony into a lake, streams gushing over the sides of it like great waterfalls. And, while Whis would be able to clean it in an instant without even needing to touch any of it, he had half a mind to tell the brothers to clean up any messes made today themselves. Beerus had been correct when he’d called this childish; The whole thing was. They were fighting over pudding, and their method of resolving the conflict was rather silly in Whis’s eyes. It would serve them right to deal with the puddle, should one form.

Bulma had to admit she was a little curious, but that was only because she hadn’t realized Beerus and Champa even needed to relieve themselves at all. She knew that some species across the multiverse didn’t do that, the Namekians being one example, and since Beerus could sleep for thousands of years, she’d assumed the same applied to him. Apparently not. She was already noticing some small signs of need from the both of them.

Most people probably wouldn’t pick up on it, but she was able to. Vegeta never wanted to admit when he had to go, even when he needed it extremely badly, and would restrain his desperate motions as much as physically possible for as long as he could. Bulma had learned to recognize the signs that his bladder was filling up, though. She’d HAD to, his need for absolute, complete and total privacy before he could urinate had necessitated it. She had to make sure he had a good spot to go before he got too overwhelmed by his desperation.

Mostly, what Vegeta did was tense himself up. So much so that his body would begin to tremble and shake— Only slightly at first, a person had to look very closely at him to notice it was happening. But, it would get progressively more intense as he filled up further and further. And, if enough time passed after that, he’d start to break down and cross his legs or jiggle around, his need reaching an extreme, fevered pitch that not even he could try to hide even more.

And, at the moment, Beerus and Champa were both starting to twitch and shudder in the same way Vegeta usually did. Their legs were pushed firmly together, their arms were crossed, and little shivers were present around their thighs and shoulders. They were doing slightly more than Vegeta, in fact. Their ears were swiveling, too. Flicking slightly, like her father’s cat’s did after scratching an itch. Every so often, they would flatten against their heads. This was unusual for them, and Bulma knew it must have been caused by a building needs to urinate.

Vegeta shifted in his seat, slightly uncomfortable about taking part in this at all— Even just to watch. Sometimes, he was embarrassed just being around someone ELSE that was desperate to go. It had a tendency to set him on edge. His own bladder was annoyingly open to suggestion, for one. Running water noises were the WORST for him, but paying attention to someone else’s need could occasionally make his own bladder throb as well. It just made him THINK too much about urinating, and when he thought about urinating, he inevitably thought about how much he didn’t want to need to do it, and that in turn made him need to do it quite badly.

Champa and Beerus were REALLY putting that power of suggestion in his mind now, mostly for one reason; Their tails. Their species’s tail-language seemed to be VERY similar to that of the Saiyans. They lacked fur, so they didn’t puff up when agitated, frightened or angry enough, but they flicked and thumped in response to physical discomfort, just like a Saiyan’s would.

Back when he’d still had his tail, Vegeta would thwack it against hard surfaces or wriggle its tip back and forth when he had to go badly. Something about those actions made his bladder quiet down just a little. It was never intentional, it seemed to just happen on a completely instinctual basis and he’d find, in those moments, that he couldn’t actually control what his tail did— As humiliating as that was!

Beerus’s tail was currently doing the same thing. It swished back and forth against the floor, occasionally slapping harshly against it, the agitation was very clear, and when the motions got faster, Vegeta had quietly cringed to himself and tried to try to block out the embarrassing memories the sight brought to him.

Champa’s much shorter tail was also in motion. His wasn’t long enough to hit the floor, but it was wagging all over the place rapidly, Vegeta had to focus very hard on it to even see it, the same level of focus he had to sometimes use to follow a fight.

Goku was the only one that was really enthralled by the contest taking place. He had always, ALWAYS wondered which of the brothers was the strongest, but since a fight between them would be too destructive, he’d thought he’d never get to find out. Now, he would get to witness something that would at least give him an inkling of an idea.

Right now, it looked like the two of them were equally matched. They were just doing that stiff, twitchy thing Vegeta always did when he had to pee and didn’t want anyone to notice. Goku had never been able to master that technique himself, when he had to go, he wriggled around and crossed his legs. He could never hold still like that and not feel like he was going to pee his pants at any moment!

The stillness took a LOT of strength, restraint and control, so Beerus and Champa must have BOTH been really good at this!

They may have looked remarkably poised in Goku’s eyes, but internally each brother was getting progressively more and more desperate. After a while, they had ceased with their arguing and bragging, instead turning their attention towards making sure their boasts came true. When Beerus began tapping one of his feet and Champa crossed his legs, it started to become more clear that both of them were really feeling the urge, though they were still able to conceal their desperation relatively well.

Beerus felt a very sharp and consistent throb in between his hips, it was no longer something that he could brush off or try to ignore, he was always aware of it, and the pressure was coming in waves. Some moments it was just a slight, buzzing thrum, and then in the seconds that followed it would turn into a heavy, pulsing surge that made him tense his thighs and thump his tail a little more violently against the floor. His teeth gritted, his stomach gnarling a bit in response to the discomfort just beneath it. That was one of the annoying things about needing to pee, it tended to affect his appetite. His body would protest against the idea of putting something into it when it had something else it wanted to let out.

It was going to be tough to enjoy the spoils of victory in this condition… But, he would try his best. Beerus didn’t like using Earth’s facilities. He was a destroyer God, and accustomed to only the highest forms of luxury the universe could provide. His personal bathroom was equipped with all of the best fixtures. He’d scoured many planets in search of ones that were suitable and worthy of him. The toilet’s seat was heated and soft to the touch, it was the most comfortable one imaginable.

He hadn’t relieved himself anywhere else in centuries, when he’d been left with no choice but to demand access to the facilities belonging to another universe’s destruction God. He had been able to forgive himself for that. It hadn’t been as nice as HIS restroom, but it was still worthy of a God.

He wouldn’t lower himself to using a ‘regular’ bathroom unless it was an absolute emergency and he couldn’t wait for Whis to return him to his palace. And he hadn’t ever HAD such an extreme emergency, just the occasional close call that had prompted him to shout at Whis to hurry..

He wouldn’t have an emergency on that level today, either. He WOULD end up needing to go quite badly, that much was already known, but not SO bad that he would have to break down and use the restroom here. Perish the thought! A God using a mortal’s pitiful, standard bathroom? That would be disgraceful! He could never get THAT desperate.

Even if the signals coming from down below WERE a little alarming… He’d definitely had to go worse than this before, and he’d made it through just fine. There was no reason to feel concerned. He’d out-last Champa just fine. He’d hold it until he got back to his palace afterwards just fine.

Champa had decided to sit down on the floor. This made it so that his much shorter tail could actually strike the surface of it, and for whatever reason the thumping was greatly lessening his urge to pee. Unfortunately, the change in position also made it trickier for him to keep his squirming quite as subtle as before. He couldn’t push his legs together like he could while standing up, so he ended up twisting them into a bit of a pretzel, an action that made his situation much more obvious.

“Ha!” Beerus declared, eyeing Champa’s tangled legs. “I guess you’re going to make this even easier on me than I’d thought!” Still, he too was appearing more and more needy by the second, and soon he was bouncing a little too much for it to look natural.

“You’re squirming, too,” Champa pointed out.

Beerus turned away. “That’s true, but you started it first, so you’ll be the first to go!”

“Fat chance!” Champa said.

They went on like that for a while, but not too much longer before Champa started to regret letting the argument take away his focus from the task at hand. His bladder flared with a shockwave of a spasm right out of nowhere, and his hands grasped themselves between his legs, squeezing hard as he rode through the wave of need.

This did not escape Beerus’s notice, and it caused him to break into a smug, triumphant laugh, one that he was punished for almost instantaneously when the reverberations careened through his own rapidly filling bladder. Even after he had clamped his mouth closed, the pressure just continued to mount, panic surging in his chest and up into his throat as the violent spasm almost shoved a bit of his urine out. Before he knew what he was doing, he too had gripped himself through the fabric of his pants, narrowly avoiding a leak as his tension increased.

He felt a hard, round and distended object pressing against his hand, his lower belly was bulging from the ridiculous amount of fluid trapped inside of it. Just registering that fact— That he was so full of piss that it was making his abdomen protrude— made him feel even more overwhelmed by the pressure. Clutching with his hand no longer felt like it was enough, and his tail slipped between his legs as well, pushing its way between his member and his tight hand as his legs crossed just like Champa’s.

This significant display of desperation caused a mirthful smirk to form on his brother’s lips— It was aggravating no matter how much Beerus had been anticipating it. As was the taunt that followed; “What were you saying about this being easy for you? It doesn’t look that way to me now!”

“It’s still easy!” Beerus insisted, despite all of the blatant, visual evidence to the contrary. “In fact, I think I could drink a little more water, don’t you?” Making that offer was risky, but it was a calculated risk. He doubted that Champa would take him up on it and cause him to actually go through with it.

But, Champa DID. “As a matter of fact, I do,” he said, ignoring the violent convulsions in his lower torso, scolding him for even CONSIDERING this as a viable option. He had to believe that it would pan out well for him, though. His brother was squeezing and bouncing and so clearly desperate, Champa thought he had it even worse than he himself did. A little more water could easily be Beerus’s own undoing, and then Champa would be free to relieve himself and feast on the remaining puddings. He would be fine.

Beerus’s ears sagged and flattened themselves against the top of his head for a second— Only for a second— but long enough for everyone to register his dismay at Champa’s agreement. He quickly perked them back up again, pasting on a smirk. “Very well, it will be your funeral, brother… Whis, more refreshments, if you would?”

Whis sighed, “If you’re sure, my lord…”

“Of course I’m sure, Champa’s the one who’s about to flood himself!” Beerus insisted.

Whis conjured a couple more pitchers and filled them with water. Beerus wasn’t sure if he was just imagining it, but it looked like Whis was filling them a lot slower than he had been before. The trickling sound prompted a flinch from both Beerus and his brother, the noise making them think of something else they would much rather be doing.

Beerus’s eyes clenched themselves closed against the sight of flowing liquid, so much like what he needed to do, and a constant reminder of the huge quantity of fluid he had already consumed. He huffed through his nose, trying to keep ahold of his composure.

At last the sound of gushing water abated, and was replaced by the screech of a chair being abruptly pushed back. The noise was unexpected, and it managed to startle both Beerus and Champa. While Champa felt a squirt of liquid force its way out of his stretched, taut bladder, Beerus managed to force back his own leak with a great deal of squeezing.

They turned to see Vegeta rising shakily to his feet, a pretty intense blush on his face, which deepened once he registered everyone’s eyes on him. “I… Uh… I… I sense Trunks’s energy… He must have gotten home from school. I need to… Talk with him about something,” he stammered out before hastily rushing inside.

Beerus and Champa both grimaced and tried not to seethe with envy, both of them having a pretty good idea of what Vegeta was ACTUALLY leaving for. He had nothing to lose in using the restroom now— Nothing aside from his pride if everyone else realized that he was bursting to go, anyway. Granted, that WAS an awful lot to Vegeta, but still…

Beerus was shaken out of his thoughts when he remembered that, now that the water had been poured, he was going to have to make himself actually DRINK it. He kept one hand, along with his tail, still pinned to his crotch as he forced the other hand to grab the pitcher. He brought it to his lips and guzzled it down, not stopping until he had drained the entire thing. He knew that, if he paused for even a second, he would not be able to get himself to continue swallowing it afterwards. He set the pitcher back down shakily, and his now-free hand pressed itself between his legs. Just the knowledge that he had put more liquid into his body made it all that harder to contend with the lake he was already holding back.

Champa had an even harder time. Since his tail was so short, he couldn’t hold his crotch with it, so when he released one hand from his groin to grab the water, his bladder bucked and protested the loss of so very vital support, a droplet oozing out into his pants. He clamped his thighs hard as he drank, the straining and over-filled balloon in his core protesting every swallow. More drips trickled out as he struggled to get all of the liquid down.

Once he had finally polished off the pitcher, he could no longer sit still at all, squirming and twisting and writhing his body all around in the effort to keep his tidal wave at bay. He hoped that Beerus wouldn’t suggest they drink even more. He doubted he’d be able to let go of his crotch for a second time to grab another pitcher!

***

It was hard to fathom with how much both brothers were positively dying to pee that any more time could have passed. But, even after Vegeta had returned from… From ‘handling certain things,’ they seemed to be in a bit of a stalemate.

But, for all their confidence, neither one could deny how desperate they were. Neither one felt like they could possibly last that much longer.

Champa, who’d leaked a few more times, was panicking on the inside. He could not believe that he was so close to losing to his brother— AGAIN. His tightly crossed legs just barely managed to conceal the dark, wet patch from his multiple uncontainable dribbles. He felt another gush of warmth and tightened his grip. He just had to wait a little longer! Surely Beerus would burst soon!

It was because of Beerus’s longer tail— The way he could push it against himself. Three solid things blocking his bladder’s exit pathway gave Beerus the distinct advantage! That was all! It wasn’t fair to Champa that Beerus was using his tail in this manner— They should have established that at the very beginning, made a rule against it! Champa opened his mouth, a protest on his lips, the words “You shouldn’t be allowed to use your tail!” so close to breaking free.

But, something else broke free instead. His dribbles grew into trickles, and the trickles grew into a stream, and the stream grew into a flood. It was basically impossible to tense up his body in the way he needed to keep it inside any longer. All he COULD do was pull his dripping hands away before they got even more soiled by the uncontrollable deluge spraying its way down his legs. Gasping, panting, embarrassed and relieved beyond belief, Champa realized that he had utterly lost to his brother once again, resigned to his fate of drenching himself and the floor beneath him, the puddle expanding as his large bladder forcibly drained itself in an incredibly high-pressure stream.

He had been so full that the lake at his feet was enormous, and he just kept adding to it as more and more warm gushes leaked out from his pant-legs, completely drenching the area. It moved so far outwards that Beerus had to take several pained steps back to avoid getting his feet caught in the storm.

Beerus was in agony as he watched his brother lose control. He was delighted that he had won, of course, but the sight and sound was pure torture to his own still-full bladder, causing it to contract and crash down, squeezing in on itself and trying to wring itself out like a soaked towel. Beerus gripped himself as hard as he could, his hands and his tail aching with the effort and the strain of being pinned between his tightly welded thighs. He had won, but he had to GO. He had to go so, so bad! He was not going to make it back to the palace, that much was for certain.

He was going to have to relieve himself HERE. He, a God of Destruction, was going to have to use a mortal’s restroom. His pride withered at the realization, but the alternative would be far, far worse.

Champa’s release finally drew itself to a close and, apart from a small ache in his core punishing him for holding it in for so long, he did have to admit that he felt a little better now that he was no longer bursting at the seams for a piss. Still, he had lost. The pudding cups were Beerus’s. His ears flattened again, frustrated and humiliated, and trying to block out the inevitable taunting from his brother that he knew was coming.

But, several seconds passed, and Beerus hadn’t said a word regarding his accident. Stunned, he opened his eyes, registering that Beerus was no longer on the balcony with him. Neither was Whis.

The other four, however, were.

Vados simply sighed as she looked down at the mess.

“Wooow,” Goku said. “That was a lot! But, I guess this means Beerus is probably the stronger one, right?”

“He’s not,” Champa grumbled. “This has nothing to do with—“

“You’re cleaning that up, you know?” Bulma told him.

“You’d better,” Vegeta grumbled. “If you know what’s good for you.”

***

“You know, my Lord,” Whis said as he followed an extremely frantic Beerus through the halls of Capsule Corp. “I can’t help but think this would be a lot easier for you if you had simply ASKED Vegeta or Bulma where the nearest facilities are…”

“A God does NOT ask such questions, Whis!” Beerus shot back. “I can find it myself!” Beerus opened door after door, the pressure within tearing him further and further to pieces when each one failed to provide him with what he so desperately needed. When he finally DID manage to locate a restroom— one which he instantly determined was NOT up to his standards, but would have to do considering the circumstances— he turned back to Whis. “Whis, I may be some time, wait out here.”

Whis rolled his eyes. “Of course, my lord.”

Beerus rushed into the bathroom and fumbled his pants open in a flurry of motion, losing a few errant spurts before he was able to properly position himself to let it all out. The instant he’d aimed, the liquid in his bladder began to slam into the bowl with an ear-splitting hiss, a torrential rush of urine striking the water with force. He leaned forward, placing his free hand against the wall for support, his shoulders slumping and his expression displaying nothing but pure, unadulterated bliss.

“Ahhh…” Beerus murmured, his voice shaky and breathless.

The flood seemed to just go on and on forever, each new burst of relief eliciting a soft gasp from Beerus. His eyes fluttered closed as he continued to gush with wild, reckless abandon, relishing the amazing sensation of complete release from the torment that had been filling him up for so very long. It was a surreal experience, he could barely believe how good it felt to at last be setting himself free of the awful pressure.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the flow began to abate, dwindling down to a slow trickle and leaving Beerus feeling utterly drained and so very content. After the last drops had finally flowed out, he stood there for a few moments longer, savoring the feelings of emptiness in his midsection. As the hazy fog of his relief cleared, and he was forced to confront the fact that he had just used a mere mortal’s bathroom because he was unable to make it to his own, he tried to convince himself that it wasn’t all THAT disgraceful. Becoming desperate beyond all reason had been the point of the contest, after all. The contest which he had WON. There was nothing shameful about being victorious.

He finally emerged from the restroom a couple minutes later. Whis nodded to him, “All taken care of, my lord?”

“Yes, Whis. Now, let’s get back to those pudding cups so I can rub my victory in Champa’s face, like he deserves.”

