Yuri’s Bad Day

Author: sussytransgirl

*000*2024-06-20 13:39

Yuri was a shy boy, who often kept to himself. His main problem, was that when he got nervous, his bladder filled up very quickly. Unfortunately, he had exams, which triggered his problem quite a bit. As soon as he sat down, he felt the urge, starting out as just a small pain in his lower area. He pressed his legs together, trying to focus on the task. Once everything had been explained, he started answering questions. As time went on, his problem started to get worse. He cursed under his breath. He really had to go.

Sure, he could ask to leave, but he was too proud to admit something so embarrassing, and everyone would know once he left the room. Yuri decided to just hang on. Half an hour passed, and things were not looking good. The boy was desperately trying to keep the contents of his bladder safely inside of him, his legs tightly crossed, and bouncing up and down. His face was red with embarrassment. If everyone wasn’t so focused on their own exams, they would notice for sure. Another 30 minutes. Yuri felt like he was about to cry. He had resorted to sticking a hand between his legs, squeezing his aching urethra shut.

There was still another 45 minutes left. He knew he wasn’t gonna make it, but couldn’t accept it. He finished his test as quickly as possible, finally able to focus all of his efforts on holding it in. He sat on his heal, pressing it into his crotch. Suddenly, a little bit of pee leaked out. The poor boy let out a high pitched whine, immediacy clearing his throat as not to draw attention to himself. 10 minutes left. This is torture! Yuri thought. There was now a small wet patch on his school pants, from multiple small leakages. 5 minutes. Freedom was so close! Suddenly, the thing he feared the most happened. Yuri lost control. A hit stream started flowing out of him, the smell of fresh urine filling the air. He was completely humiliated, not even daring to look up. When the exam was over, he quickly rushed out; deciding to just go home. That was one of the worst days of his life.

My first male omo fic.

Hope you enjoy!

