Relaxing (A My Littler Pony Fanfic)

Author: sonadam9

*000*2020-10-07 05:56

This is a chapter from a series of stories on how the main six spend their time off. If you would like to read more let me know and I will post them.

It was few weeks since Rarity and Twilight had played in the mud. Rarity was in her room getting dressed. She put on a black mini skirt with a pink strip and a pink T-shirt. As she was putting on her shoes there was a knock on her front door. “I will be there in a minute Rarity called.” When she had finished putting on her shoes and socks she went and opened the door. “Morning Twilight.”

Twilight was wearing the white denim short shorts and purple T-shirt that she had made. She also had on short black jacket, a thin silver chain belt, and purple and black knee high socks. “You look nice.” Rarity said with a smile.

“Thank you, you look nice too.” Twilight said.

Rarity moved to one side to let Twilight in. “You really like that outfit don’t you?”

“Yes I do. It's my favorite outfit. So how many orders do we have today?”

“We only have five orders left. We got a lot done yesterday.”

“Ok Rarity, let’s get to work.” Twilight started to walk to Rarity’s sewing room. Rarity smiled as she closed the door and followed Twilight. When they got there Rarity picked up an order and they started to work.

It was almost five when they finished the last order.

“That is the last order done.” Rarity said.

“Ok how about we get some lunch?” Twilight said

Rarity looked at the clock. “You mean dinner. It's five.”

“What? Already?” Twilight also looked at the clock. “Wow the time really flew by.” She smiled.

“So what would you like to do for dinner?” Rarity asked.

“Hmm...” Twilight pondered for a few minutes. “How about we get some sandwiches then go for a walk in the park?”

“Sounds good to me.” They left the house and went to the deli. When they got there they each got a sandwich, a bag of chips, and a can of soda. They walked a table and sat down and started to eat. As they were eating...

“So Twilight being that I have no orders left, we can have tomorrow off," said Rarity. "How would you like to make a new outfit?”

Twilight got a big smile. “I would like that.”

“What would you like to make?” Rarity asked.

“Hmm...” Twilight ate some of her food as she was thinking. “I would like to make a mini skirt, a T-shirt, a jacket like what I have on now, and knee high socks.”

“Ok we can do that. Although the jacket will be harder to make.”

“I know but I want to try and I will have you to help me if I need it.”

“That is true. When we are done eating let’s go get the fabric.”

“Sure that will be fun.”

When they were done eating they went to the fabric store and started to look.

“So Twilight do you have any ideas of what you want to get?” Rarity asked.

“I was thinking all black with pink accents on the jacket.” Twilight said.

Rarity thought for a minute. “That will look really good. I think that I might be rubbing off on you.”

Twilight just smiled.

They got some black cotton fabric for the skirt and shirt, black denim for the jacket, some pink snaps for the jacket. They paid and left the store. They went to the pack and started to walk around.

“Why don’t you sleep over tonight?” Rarity asked.

“I would like that, thank you,” Twilight said.

“I had an idea that I think you would like.”

“What is it?”

“How about you make your socks skin tight?”

“Sure, that sounds like fun.”

They walked around the park for a while before they went back to Rarity’s.

“Let’s watch some TV,” Twilight said.

“Ok, but there is something that I would like to see first.” Rarity said.

“What do you what to do?” Twilight asked.

“You will see I will be right back. I will meet you in the living room.” Rarity said. Twilight smiled as she walked to the living room. Rarity went to her bedroom and got a pair of elbow high gloves then went to the living room.

“So what did you get?” Twilight aked.

“I thought that this would go with your new outfit. But I wanted to show them to you and see what you though.” Rarity handed Twilight the gloves.

Twilight takes them and looks them over. “I like them and your right they would go good with my new outfit. Can I try them on to see if I like them?”

“Sure just so you know they are skin tight.”

“Thank you for letting me know.” Twilight said. She started to put on the first glove, and had some problems getting it on.

“Would you like some help?” Rarity asked.

“Yes please.” Twilight said with a little blush.

Rarity walked over to Twilight and helps her get the gloves on. “Well what do you think?” Rarity aked.

Twilight moved her fingers and arm getting used to the gloves. Rarity smiled as she watched Twilight. “Yes I do like them. How do they look on me?” Twilight asked.

“They look lovely on you dear.” Rarity said.

“Thank you I like how they look too. I would like to make a pair just like these.” Twilight said.

“We can do that.” Rarity said sitting down on the couch and turning on the tv. Twilight sat down next to Rarity and put an arm around her as they watched TV. They watched TV for an hour or so when Rarity yawned.

“I think that it's time for bed,” Twilight said, also yawning.

“Sounds good to me.” Rarity said. She turned off the tv, lights, and locked the door. They went to Rarity’s bedroom and she gave Twilight some pjs. She went to the bathroom and changed then came back. Twilight had on red shorts and a white tank top. She got into bed.

“Night Rarity, I love you.” Twilight said.

Rarity turned off the lights and got into bed. “Night Twilight. I love you too.” They kissed before going to sleep.

The next morning Rarity and Twilight were in the kitchen making breakfast. They made bacon, eggs, toast, and coffee. When it was ready they put it on the table and sat down.

“This looks good.” Rarity said.

“Yes it does we make a good team.” Twilight said.

“Yes we do.” Rarity took a bite. “It is really good too.” Rarity said.

Twilight started to eat too. “Your right it is good.” They talked as they were eating. when they were done with breakfast they cleaned up. “Can we start on my new outfit?” Twilight asked.

“Sure we can.” They went to Rarity’s sewing room. “So what do you want to start with?” Rarity asked.

“Let’s start with the jacket.” Twilight said.

“Starting with the hardest thing first. Good idea Twilight.”

“T-thanks.” Twilight blushed a little at the compliment. Rarity got out the pattern and Twilight laid out the fabric. Rarity cut out the pattern and gave the pieces to Twilight and she laid out the pieces on the fabric and cut them out. Twilight then pinned them together. “Is this right Rarity?”

“Let me see.” Rarity took the jacket from Twilight and looks it all over. “Yes, that is right.” Twilight took it back, sat down at the sewing machine and with Rarity’s help she started to sew it together. Twilight was smiling the whole time. “Having fun?” Rarity asked.

“Yes I am.” Twilight said.

“Good.” They keep using the sewing machine for a while. When it was done they took it off the sewing machine and neted up the ends. “Now we can put on the snaps,” Rarity said.

“Ok, how do we do that?” Twilight asked.

“I will show you.” Rarity said. She got out the snaps and showed Twilight how to sew them on. Twilight slowly sewed them on, which took her a little bit.

“How did I do?” Twilight asked, handing Rarity the jacket.

Rarity took the jacket and looked at it. “You did a good job.”

“Thanks. Let’s make the T-shirt next.”

“Sure, but I think that you can make it without my help.”

“You think so?”

“No, I know so.”

Twilight smiled and started to work on her T-shirt. Rarity smiled as she watched Twilight working. It didn’t take Twilight long to finish her shirt.

“Well how did I do?” Twilight said. She handed Rarity the shirt and she looked at it.

“You did a good job. You're getting better.” Rarity handed Twilight her shirt back.

“Will you help me with the mini skirt, socks, and gloves?”

“Sure.”

They started to sew. By the time they were done, it was dinner. They had the outfit laid out on a sewing table.

“That was a good idea making it all one color, but...” Rarity said.

“It's too much black. I was just thinking the same thing.” Twilight said.

“Do you have any ideas?”

“How about we trim the top of the socks and gloves in pink?”

“Very good. That's what I will do.”

Twilight smiled, got some pink fabric, and trimmed the top of the socks and gloves in it.

“That is better,” Rarity said.

“Yes it is. Give me a minute and I will go put it on.” Twilight took the outfit, went to Rarity’s bedroom, put it on, and came back over ten minutes later. “How do I look?”

“Wow, you look great.”

“T-thanks. Sorry I took so long. I was looking in the mirror.” Twilight spoke with a little blush.

“It's ok, I do the same thing sometimes.”

“What should we do for dinner?”

“How about we get Italian?”

“Sure, that sounds good.”

“Give me a minute to change,” Rarity went to her bedroom, put on a light green mini skirt with a purple T-shirt and matching knee high socks and gloves, then went back to Twilight. “Ok, I'm ready. We can go.”

“You look good,” Twilight said.

“Thank you.”

Rarity locked up the house and they headed to the restaurant.

“This is nice.” Rarity said.

“Yes it is," said Twilight. "Do you know how many orders we have next week?”

“Not many, why?”

“Next Saturday would you like to come over and we could relax?”

“When you say relax do you mean do you...”

“I am planning on wetting myself, yes. But you don’t have to.”

Rarity went quiet for a few minutes as she was thinking.

“I...I w-will try it,” Rarity said.

“Are you sure?" Twilight asked. "You sound a little hesitant?”

“Yes I am. You relaxed my way, it is only fair that I relax your way.”

“Well as long as you're sure.” Twilight said.

“I am.”

It was then next Saturday and Rarity was in her room getting dressed. She was putting on a pair of short blue shorts and a lighter blue tank top. She had just finished when there was a knock on her front door. Rarity opened it. “Morning Twilight.”

Twilight was wearing a pair of short pink shorts and a white T-shirt.

“You look nice,” Rarity said.

“Thanks, you look nice too,” Twilight said.

“Thank you.”

“Are you ready to go?”

“Yes I am.” Rarity walked out and locked the door.

They started to walk to a convenience store.

“Why are we going to the convenience store?” Rarity asked.

“I always get a drink at the convenience store when I relax,” Twilight said.

“I see, what are you going to get?” Rarity asked.

“I am going to get a half a gallon of ice tea,” Twilight said with a smile.

“That sounds good to me. I think that I will get the same.”

They went in and each got half a gallon of ice tea. Then they walked back to Twilight’s.

“How about we watch a movie?” Twilight asked.

“Sure, that sounds good,” Rarity said.

They went to the living room, sat on the couch, and Twilight started a Daring Do movie. As they were watching the movie, Twilight took a big drink of her ice tea. Rarity took a small drink of her tea.

Less than halfway through the movie Twilight started to squirm a little.

“Are you ok?” Rarity asked.

“Yes I am," Twilight said. "I just need to pee.”

“Why don’t you just go then?”

“I like holding it for as long as I can.”

“Well as long as you're ok.” Rarity took a drink.

Some time later the movie had passed the halfway point. Twilight was squirming a lot. She took a big drink, and when she had put her drink down, a hissing sound was coming from Twilight as she wet herself As she was peeing, she sighed in relief.

Rarity watched Twilight with interest. “Having fun?”

“Yes I am.” Twilight looked down, saw a wet spot on the front of her shorts, and smiled.

The movie went on for a while. Rarity took a big drink, then she felt the need to go. She held it in, squirming a little.

“Need to go?” Twilight asked.

“Yes I do,” Rarity said.

“Then just go.”

“I'm not sure that I want to."

“You can use the bathroom if you like.”

“Thanks, but I think I'll just hold it for now.”

They kept watching the movie, occasionally taking drinks of their tea. The movie was in the last scene and Rarity was squirming a lot. She still wasn’t sure if she wanted to wet herself but she didn’t want to miss the end of the movie. As she was trying to hold it she was thinking, (I should just go. Twilight wet herself and she did play in the mud with me. I am here to relax Twilight’s way and I wouldn’t miss the end of the movie.)

Rarity stopped holding it in. A hissing sound came from Rarity as she started to wet herself. Rarity sighed in relief. (Twilight is right this does feel good.)

“Better?” Twilight asked.

“Yes it is. You were right, wetting herself does feel good.” Rarity said with a big smile. She peed for a few more seconds, enjoying the nasty feeling of wetting herself.

The movie ended in a few minutes.

“That was fun.” Twilight said.

“What movie should we watch now?” Rarity asked.

“You want to watch another movie?” Twilight said.

“I would like to.”

Twilight smiled and put on another longer Daring do movie. They sat and watch the movie, drinking their tea.

“Hey Twilight, how about we see who can hold it longer?” Rarity asked when they were both squirming.

“Sounds good to me,” Twilight said they both took a long drink. As the movie wnet on, they drank and squirmed more.

“How are you holding up?” Rarity asked.

“I'm doing good. How are you doing?” Twilight asked.

“I'm doing good.” Rarity took a big drink.

“You're going to lose if you keep drinking like that.” Twilight also took a big drink.

“I could say the same thing to you.”

By the time the movie had gotten to the end, Twilight and Rarity only had a little of their tea left.

“Let’s both drink the rest of our tea at the same time,” Twilight said.

“Sounds good to me,” Rarity said.

They both picked up their tea and at the same time drank the rest of it.

“I can keep holding it. How about you?” Twilight asked.

“I can keep hol-” As Rarity was talking a hissing sound come for her as she started to wet herself. As Rarity was peeing she sighed in relief.

“Looks like I win.” Twilight said. When she stopped talking, she also stopped trying to hold in her pee. She started to wet herself, sighing in relief. As they were peeing a small puddle of pee had started to from under their butts. They stopped peeing right as the movie ended.

“That was fun,” Rarity said.

“Yes it was," said Twilight. "Let’s get some lunch, I'm getting hungry.”

“Sounds good to me. What should we get for lunch?”

“How about we order a pizza?”

“Sure, that sounds good.”

“What kind of topping should we get?”

“How about pepperoni?”

“Sounds good to me.” Twilight picked up the phone and ordered a large pepperoni pizza and two two-liter bottles of soda. “Ok, it will be here in thirty mintues.”

“Ok.”

They sat in their puddle of pee and wet shorts talking until there was a knock on the door. Twilight got up, went to the door, got their food, and closed the door.

“Ok let’s go to the kitchen to eat.” Twilight said.

“Ok.” As Rarity got up she saw that the cushions had a yellowish stain on them. “Looks like you're going to need new couch cushions.”

“I have a really strong detergent. It will take those stains right out.”

“That's good.”

They walked to the kitchen and sat at the table. Twilight put a slice of pizza on a plate and gave it to Rarity.

“Thank you.” Rarity said.

“Your welcome.” Twilight put a slice on a plate and started to eat. “This is really good."

“Yes it is.”

As they were eating, Twilight poured them each a cup of soda. They sat and ate for a while. Twilight had drank three glasses of soda and had two slices of pizza. Rarity had two slices of pizza and four glasses of soda.

“That was good,” Twilight said.

“Yes it was," said Rarity. How much soda is left?”

Twilight looked. “We have a bottle and a half.”

“Let’s finish the half a bottle.” Rarity said.

“Sounds good to me.” Twilight poured the rest of the soda into two glasses.

“How about we see who can drink it the fastest?” Rarity asked.

“On three then?”

“Sounds good to me.”

“One... two...” They both picked up their glasses. “Three.”

They both started to drink their soda as fast as they could. A few seconds later, Twilight put her glass down empty. Rarity put her glass down a second after Twilight.

“Looks like I win,” Twilight said.

“I will win next time.” Rarity said with a smile.

“You can try.” Twilight was smiling. “Would you like some ice cream for dessert?”

“Yes I would, thank you.” Rarity said. Twilight got some bowls and put two scoops of ice cream into each of them. She gave one to Rarity, and they sat down at the table and started to eat and talk.

When they had finished their ice cream...

“That was good,” Twilight said.

“Yes it was,” said Rarity. They were both squirming. “So what now?”

“This.” A hissing sound came from Twilight as she wet herself.

At the same time a hissing sound came for Rarity as she also wet herself. Their shorts now had a big wet spot on the front.

“That's better,” Twilight said.

“Much.” Rarity moved her butt around in the puddle of her own pee. “Let’s go watch a movie.”

“Sure. I still have a few Daring Do movies left.”

They sat and wiggled their butts around in the puddle that they had made on the chairs for a few minutes. When they got up their shorts had a wet spot on the butt. They sat on the couch and Twilight started a movie.

They were about halfway into the movie when Twilight farted.

PPPPPRRRRRRT! Twilight giggled a little. “Sorry.”

“It's ok, I'm feeling a little gassy too,” Rarity said.

“It's ok, just let it out.”

“Are you sure?” PPPPPPPFFFFFFFFFT! Was the only answer she got. Rarity smiled and made a deeper, longer fart. PPPPPPPFFFFRRRRT!

“Nice one,” Twilight said.

“Thanks,” said Rarity.

They went back to watching the movie.

“Hey Rarity,” Twilight said.

“Yes Twilight?”

Twilight answered by lifting her left leg up and farting. PPPPPRRRRRRT! Twilight giggled.

Rarity also giggled, lifted her right leg, and farted. PPPPPPPFFFFFFFFFT!

Twilight giggled and let out a wetter fart. BBBBBBRRRRRRT!

“That one sounded wet,” Rarity said.

“It was.” Twilight paused the movie. “I'll be right back.” She stood up.

“Ok. Where are you going?”

“The bathroom. I need to poop.” Twilight went to the bathroom. When she was done, she stood up, pulled her shorts and panties back up without wiping, washed her hands, and went back to Rarity.

“Are you ready for me to start to movie back up?” Rarity asked.

“Yes I am,” Twilight said, scratching her dirty butt before sitting back down.

Rarity restarted the movie. As they were watching, Rarity smelled something.

“Twilight dear,” Rarity said.

“Yes, Rarity?” Twilight said.

“Did you, um... nevermind.”

“Rarity, you can ask me whatever you what.”

“But my question is unladylike.”

Twilight looked at the wet couch and their wet shorts as to say "Really?".

Rarity took a deep breath before asking. “When you went to the bathroom, did you make it or, um... go in your pants?”

“I made it, why do you ask?”

“It's just that I smell, um... poop.” Rarity blushed a little.

“When I am relaxing and I have to poop, I do go to the bathroom but when I'm done I just pull my panties and pants back up without wiping."

“I see, so... um... how does it feel?” Rarity blushed more.

“I really like the dirty nasty feeling from not wiping. In fact I would like to try...”

“What would you like to try?”

“Pooping myself.” Twilight blushed.

“Why haven't you?”

“I didn't want to risk ruining the couch cushions. Even though I have a really strong detergent I'm not sure if it's that strong.” Twilight sounded a little sad.

“I see. Hmm...” Rarity started to think. As she was thinking, she farted. PPPPPRRRRRRT!

Twilight giggled a little.

“I think that I might have an idea,” Rarity said.

“What is it?” Twilight asked.

“What if you were sitting on a dining room chair?”

Twilight thought for a few seconds. “That would work. Would you mind if I did that later?”

“Not at all.” Rarity farted again. PPPPPRRRRRRT! Twilight and Rarity giggled.

“Maybe you should try the bathroom.” Twilight said.

“Good idea.” As Rarity got up, Twilight stopped the movie. When Rarity was walking past Twilight she made a wet fart. BBBBBBRRRRRRT! Twilight could feel some of it hitting her legs, and smiled at the feeling. Rarity went to the bathroom and sat on the toilet.

After a minute or so she flushed the toilet. She was about to wipe, but stopped, thinking to herself, (Twilight did whip earlier and I have wet myself a lot today and liked it so why not try this?) Rarity got up and pulled her panties and shorts back up without wiping and smiles. (Twilight is right this does feel good.) Rarity thought as she was washing her hands.

She went back to Twilight and scratched her dirty butt a little before sitting back down.

“So how did you like not wiping?” Twilight asked as she started the movie again.

“I like the dirty nasty feeling of not wiping,” Rarity said with a big smile.

Twilight also smiled as she started the movie again. The movie was over about an hour later.

“So what should we do for dinner?” Rarity asked.

“I'm not sure. Let’s go see what I have in the refrigerator.” Twilight got up, as did Rarity.

As they were walking to the kitchen they were scratching their dirty butts. When they got there, Twilight opened the refrigerator. “I have stuff to make sandwiches.” Twilight said.

“Sandwiches sound good," said Rarity. "What do you have to drink?”

“Umm... the only thing I have is water I am out of everything else.”

“Ok, water is fine.”

“But I would like some soda.”

“I see. What are you going to do?”

“I will have to run to the convenience store down the street.”

“In our wet shorts?” Rarity asked nervously.

“Yes, it would be the first time that I went there in wet shorts. You can wait for me here if you like, I'll only be a minute.”

“Thank you. I'll do just that.”

“What would you like me to get you to drink?”

“What are you going to get?”

“Well I still want to pee myself a few more times and have you tickle me until I wet myself. So I am going to get half a gallon of lemonade and some soda.”

“That sounds good. Will you please get me the same?”

“Sure. I'll be right back.”

Twilight left for the convenience store. When she was gone, Rarity got out some plates and put the sandwich stuff out. She then set two places for them at the table.

She had just finished setting the table when Twilight came in with two big bags. “I'm back,” Twilight called from the door.

“Welcome back," Rarity said. I set the table and got the sandwich stuff out when you were gone.”

“Thank you, that was a big help.” Twilight took out the two bottles of half a gallon of lemonade, two one liter bottles of soda, and a bag of chips. They sat down at the table and each made a sandwich. They sat there eating their dinner and drinking lemonade. By the time Rarity had finished eating her sandwich she had drank nearly half of her lemonade. She was eating some chips when a hissing sounds came from her as she wet herself.

“Having fun?” Twilight asked as she also started to wet herself.

“Yes I am. I really like the warm feeling.” Rarity's pee was running down her leg, adding to the puddle she had made earlier.

“I like that warm nasty feeling too.” Twilight’s pee was also running down her leg add to her puddle from earlier.

When they were done eating they got up and cleaned up from dinner.

“Would you like some ice cream for dessert?” Twilight aked.

“I would like that, thank you,” Rarity said.

Twilight went to her freezer and looked in it. “All I have is strawberry.”

“That sounds good.”

As Twilight was getting the ice cream out, Rarity got out two bowls, two spoons, and an ice cream scoop, and put them onto the table. Twilight put two scoops of ice cream into each bowl and put the ice cream away. They sat and talked as they ate their ice cream.

When they had finished their ice cream, they cleaned up. “How about we play some cards?” Twilight asked.

“Sure, that sounds like fun," said Rarity.

Twilight went into the other room and came back with a deck of playing cards. They sat at the table, playing cards. By the time their sixth game had ended they had drank all of their lemonade and some of their soda. As they were playing their next game, Twilight started to squirm. “Are you ok?” Rarity asked.

“Yes, I just need to pee,” Twilight said.

“Ready for me to tickle you?"

“Yes, I've been holding it for a while. Let’s move the table and chairs so that we have more room.”

“That is a good idea.”

They got up and moved the table and chairs off to one side. Getting a nasty idea, Twilight sat down in the puddle of Rarity’s pee.

“Are you ready?” Rarity asked.

Twilight took off her socks and shoes. “Yes I am," she said.

“Sitting in a puddle of your friend’s pee, you're a nasty girl and need to be punished.” Rarity started to tickle Twilight’s sides, which made Twilight giggle a little. “You think this is funny?” Rarity tickled Twilight’s sids faster.

“Yes,” Twilight said in between giggles.

“I see. Well let’s see how funny you find this.” Rarity moved from Twilight’s sides to her feet and started to tickle them in small circles. “How is this?”

“HaHaHaHa is that the best you can do?” Twilight asked in between laughs.

“You want more? Then more you will have.” Rarity tickled Twilight’s feet harder and fast. “Still want more?”

“HaHaHaHaHa.” All Twilight could do was laugh.

“I'll take that as a yes.” Rarity tickled Twilight as hard and as fast as she could. Twilight was laughing non stop by now. As Rarity was tickling Twilight, they both farted. PPPPPRRRRRRT! This made both of them laugh. Twilight was lightly kicking her legs as Rarity was tickling her feet.

Twilight was able to hold it for almost three minutes before...

“HaHaHa R-rarity...HaHaHaHa...I...HaHaHaHa...Can’t...” A hissing sound come from Twilight as she started to wet herself. Twilight peed for almost two minutes before she stopped. when Twilight had stopped peeing Rarity stopped tickling her feet.

As Twilight was sitting there getting her breath, she let out a wet fart. BBBBBBRRRRRRT!

“Are you ok Twilight?” Rarity asked.

It took Twilight a minute to answer. “Yes, I just need to poop.”

“You said that you want to try messing yourself. Now is a good time. The kitchen floor would be the easiest to clean up.”

“That's a good point. You don’t mind? It may smell.”

“No I don’t mind.”

Twilight smiled and let the small log of poop to fall into her panties.

“Well how was it?” Rarity asked.

“It felt better than I thought.” Twilight said as she wiggled her butt around, enjoying the warm mushy feeling.

“I'm glad you liked it. When you're done could you give me a butt massage?”

“Sure thing Rarity.” Twilight wiggled around for another minute before she stopped. “Ok Rarity get on all fours.” Twilight got up. Rarity got down on her hands and knees in the puddle of both of their pee. Twilight got down behind Rarity and started to rub her butt in small circles.

“That feels good Twilight,” Rarity said.

“I'm glad,” Twilight said.

As Twilight was massaging her butt a hissing sound came from Rarity as she started to pee. “Peeing when having my butt massaged feels so good,” said Rarity.

Twilight had been rubbing Rarity’s butt for about five minutes when...

“Ok, I had enough Twilight.”

Twilight stopped rubbing her butt.

“Thank you, Twilight. That felt really good. Would you like a butt massage too?” Rarity got up.

“That sounds nice, thank you.” Twilight got down on her hands and knees and Rarity started to massage her butt.

As Rarity was rubbing Twilight’s butt she felt the bit of poop that was still in her panties. Rarity made sure that when she was rubbing Twilight’s butt that she was also moving the bit of poop around.

“This is even better than the last time," Twilight said. "Messy butt massages are the best!”

“I'm glad that you like it," Rarity said." Just let me know when you had enough.”

“I will, Rarity.”

Rarity kept rubbing Twilight’s butt for over five minutes.

“Ok Rarity, that's enough,” Twilight said, and Rarity stopped and helped Twilight up.

“So what should we do now?” Rarity asked.

“How about we clean up and watch some TV?” Twilight said.

“Sounds good to me. Where should we start?”

“Let’s start with this puddle.” Twilight pointed to the puddle on the floor.

Rarity smiled. “Ok Twilight, and I have a fun and nasty idea on how to clean it up.”

“Oh? Do tell.”

“How about we use our hair to clean up the puddle?”

“That sounds like fun, let's do it.”

They got back down on the floor.

“Are you ready?” Twilight asked.

“I'm ready when you are.”

They looked at each other and bent their heads down so that their hair was in the puddle of their piss. They then started to mop it up with their hair.

“This is fun,” Rarity said.

“Yes it is,” said Twilight.

They crawl around on the floor mopping up their pee with their hair. It took them nearly twenty minutes to get it all cleaned up. When they were done they got up their hair was soaked with pee.

“That was a fun idea Rarity,” Twilight said.

“Thanks.”

They cleaned up the rest of the kitchen, then they cleaned up the couch and the living room.

“Let’s give each other a bath.” Rarity said.

“I was hoping that you would say that,” said Twilight. They walked to the bathroom and Twilight filled the tub with hot water. “As my guest you go first."

Rarity took off her shoes and socks and got into the tub. “How is the water?” Twilight asked.

“Just right.” Rarity said. Twilight started to cover Rarity in soap. When Rarity was covered in soap she scrubbed her sides.

“Ok Rarity, put your feet and legs on the side of the tub.”

Rarity did as Twilight told her. Twilight scrubbed Rarity’s feet and legs. When she was happy that they were clean...

“Ok, you can put them back in and get on your hands on knees.”

Rarity did and Twilight covered her butt in soap and started to scrub.

“Your butt is nice and clean. Sit down so I can clean your hair.”

Rarity sat down and Twilight covered her hair in shampoo and massaged it in.

“That feels really good Twilight,” Rarity said.

“I'm glad.”

When Twilight had all of the pee out of Rarity’s hair...

“Ok Rarity, stand up and I will rinse you off."

Rarity stood up. Twilight turned on the shower and rinsed Rarity off with the shower head.

“There you go all nice and clean.” Twilight said as she helped Rarity out of the tub.

“Thank you dear.” Rarity said.

“Your welcome.” Twilight drained the water out of the tub and refilled it with hot water. “Ok, my turn now.” Twilight said as she got into the tub and sat down. Rarity smiled and covered Twilight in soap and scrubbed her sides.

“Feet on the side of the tub please.” Twilight did what Rarity asked. When Rarity had her feet and legs covered in soap she started to scrub Twilight feet. Rarity did this as gentle as she could. When her legs and feet were cleaned, Rarity said “Put them back in and get on your hands and knees.” Twilight did so and Rarity covered her butt in soap and started to scrub. “It is going to take me a while to get this dirty butt of yours clean.”

Twilight just smiled.

It took Rarity over five minutes of scrubbing to get Twilight’s butt clean.

“Your butt is nice and clean. Sit down so I can clean your hair.”

Twilight did, and Rarity covered her hair in shampoo and massage it in. When Rarity was sure that she had all of the pee out...

“Ok, stand up so I can rinse you off.”

Twilight stood up. Rarity turned on the shower and rinsed Twilight off with the shower head.

“There all nice and clean again,” Rarity said as she helped Twilight out of the tub.

“Thank you Rarity,” Twilight said.

“Your very welcome."

“Getting dirty and being dirty is fun but it is nice to be clean again.” Twilight said.

“I couldn't agree more.” Rarity said.

They dried each other off with the hair dryer. They then went and sat on the couch and watched some TV in their damp clothes. As they were watching a popular show...

“Hey Rarity, would you like to sleep over tonight?” Twilight asked.

“I would love to," said Rarity. "Thank you Twilight.” Rarity gave Twilight a hug.

The show that they were watching ended an hour later.

“I think that it's time for bed.” Twilight said, yawning.

“Bed sounds good to me,” Rarity said, also yawning.

They got up and Twilight locked up and turned out the lights. They then walked to Twilight’s bedroom and got into bed.

“Night Rarity,” Twilight said as she turned out the light.

“Night Twilight.”

They lay there in silence for a few seconds.

“Thanks for having me over today," Rarity said. "I had a lot of fun.”

“Your welcome," said Twilight. "Would you like to come over to relax the next time that we have a day off?”

“Thank you I would like that Twilight.” Rarity said.

They lay there in silence for a few more seconds. “Hey Rarity,” Twilight said.

“Yes, Twilight?” Rarity said.

Twilight smiled, and a hissing sound came from her as she wet herself.

“Nice one Twilight,” Rarity said.

“Thank you.”

“Hey Twilight.”

“Yes, Rarity?”

Rarity smiled as a hissing sound came from her as she also wet herself.

“Nice.” Twilight laughed.

