Invader Zim's Trial Accident

Author: Sonadow182

*000*2019-10-05 14:06

A/N: This was my very first omorashi story. This Invader Zim Omorashi fanfic takes place during the unaired Trial episode. I changed the episode a bit.

Lunch had just ended 2 hours ago. Zim's trial for being a defect continued.

"Zim, you are accused of being a defect, do you have anything to say for yourself?" Tallest leader Purple asked.

"Zim is no defect. Zim has NEVER been a defect." Zim defended himself.

"Let's go back to the memories of your past again." Tallest leader Red suggested.

The screen lit up and another one of Zim's memories came up. Everybody watched the memory, which was a memory filled with water. As Zim watched, he started to feel a small tingling near his hips.

'OH NO!' Zim cried out in his head, as this feeling was WAY too familiar to him as it happened SO many times back on Earth. This tingling near his hips Zim knew meant that he needed to go to the bathroom. But he was on trial for being a defect, and Zim didn't think he deserved a bathroom break, so he just tried to ignore it. It didn't do him any good as the pain builded up in his bladder, and the memory of water didn't help much at ALL.

'Oh, why did I drink a 22 oz bottle of soda at lunch?' Zim moaned in his head as he started rubbing his legs together a little to keep from leaking.

Red and Purple turned to Zim and saw him looking a bit uncomfortable. They also noticed that he was rubbing his legs together.

"Zim, are you alright?" Red asked.

"Huh? Oh, uh..." Zim's eye twitched a little when he heard a loud splash from his memory. "Y-Yes."

Red and Purple looked unsure. They were sure that there was something wrong with Zim.

"You don't think?" Purple said to his co-leader.

"Nah, if he did, he would've told us. Right?" Red answered Purple. But Red and Purple started to question their thoughts as they saw Zim now start to squirm a little.

'Oh, I don't think I'm gonna make it.' Zim thought. 'I swear, if I have an accident infront of the Tallest I'll be so ashamed and embarressed that I won't be able to show my face.'

Finally, the memory ended and Zim was set back down onto the ground.

"So, what do you think Zim?" Red asked. "Still think you're not a defect?"

Red got no answer from Zim, he was too focused on his bladder and how he thought that he was going to burst at any moment. Red and Purple stared in disbelief as Zim started to do a little dance while holding his crotch.

As Zim doubled over in pain, Red and Purple looked at each other, now seeing the truth.

Red bent down to Zim. "Zim, do you have to, you know?"

"No." Zim lied.

Suddenly, Zim started to leak. Little drops of urine fell to the floor, and Zim knew that the Tallest could see them.

"Ok! I lied." Zim cried as tears started to form up from the pain. "I do need to go. Horribly badly. And I don't think I can hold it much longer."

Red and Purple stared at each other and nodded.

"Come on Zim." Red told Zim.

Zim looked up in surprise.

"What?" He asked.

"You heard him, come on before you have an accident." Purple repeated.

Zim sighed when he realized that the Tallest were allowing him to take a break to use the bathroom. He started to follow, but gasped when he found that he couldn't move. Red looked back to the miserable Zim.

"Zim?"

"I can't move!" Zim whined.

Red and Purple gasped and ran to the small irken. They tried to get him to move, but Zim just couldn't with his full bladder.

"I can't move!" Zim cried, tears starting to roll down his cheeks.

Finally, Zim couldn't hold it any longer.

Red and Purple stared in shock as they watched poor Zim relieve himself in his pants. Zim cried as his pants darkened and a large puddle formed beneath his feet. He couldn't believe that he had an accident AGAIN, but this time right infront of the Tallest. The irkens laughing at him behind only made Zim feel even more embarressed and ashamed.

The Tallest however, started to realize something they never had before.

'What is this feeling?" Red asked himself.

'I never felt this way to Zim before.' Purple said in his own mind.

'This feeling I'm having, is like a feeling of pity and sorryness towards Zim.' Red and Purple both had the same thought.

'Maybe Zim isn't a defect.' Red wondered.

'Maybe Zim is just a normal irken with feelings, trying so hard to impress his leaders, but is not willing to because his leaders will not give him that chance.' Purple thought.

'Maybe, just maybe.' They both said in their minds.

Reality struck them like lightning as they heard the irkens laughter rise, along with Zim sobbing louder. Purple ran over to comfort Zim while Red ran to the edge to quiet down the laughing irkens.

"Quiet! QUIET!" Red shouted.

The irkens laughter died down as they saw the anger in Red's eyes.

"You should all be ashamed of yourselves. Laughing because someone had an accident." Red sneared. "It's not funny my friends. It's not funny at all."

The irkens hung their heads in shame. With the room being so quiet, everybody could hear Zim crying and Purple trying to calm him down. This only made the irkens feel worse. Red sighed.

"As a result of this little mishap, me and my partner have realized something." All the irkens, including Zim, perked up to listen. Purple came to Red's side, with Zim following.

"We have now realized, that Zim is not a defect, but just another young irken soldier trying his very best to prove himself worthy of an invader." Red continued.

"We now realize that we have not been very fair to Zim, because we never gave him a chance." Purple added. "Well that all changes today."

The irkens cheer at the Tallests speech.

"From this day forward, we give Zim, the right to be an irken invader and continue his conquer on Earth." Red announced.

The irkens cheered again as Red and Purple left, taking Zim with them to get him a change of pants.

Zim was shocked. He was allowed to continue his mission on Earth. But he gave up on that after he and Dib became friends. How is he ever gonna tell his leaders?

"I say that went well." Purple commented.

"Yes, yes it did indeed." Red agreed as he handed Zim a new pair of pants. "Now go on Zim and change into these. I'll take those soggy wet ones and wash them." ordered Red.

Zim took the new pants thoughtfully and headed towards the changing room. As he changed into his new pants he thought to himself.

'The Tallest don't need to know that I've given up, do they? I mean, not knowing isn't gonna hurt them, is it? Of course not.' Zim thought to himself as he handed his wet pants to Red to be washed.

The End

