Study Session

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2019-06-30 07:30

Hello! I hope you're all having a wonderful start to summer (or winter, depending on where you are). Somehow, it's nearly July, so I thought I'd throw down another story before the entire academic summer goes by without me writing anything. Enjoy!

###

“I’ll just be in the library.”

“I know.”

“I’ll have my phone with me.”

“I know you will.”

Amber looked back and forth at the slightly odd exchange between Fletcher and his roommate, Louis. She’d come over for a study session with Fletcher, but Louis was acting more like an anxious parent, leaving his child without a babysitter for the first time.

Like the two men, Amber was a first-year law student. She’d moved to the city by herself to start law school, so she didn’t have any built-in acquaintances. Luckily, the intense scholarly demands of law school made it easy – even necessary – to build academic relationships, and, within the first few weeks of the semester, Amber had found herself in a study group with the men of Apartment 11H.

Amber had instantly gravitated toward Fletcher. He was smart, kind, and, overall, quite different from the daddy’s-money, fourth-of-their-name type guys who seemed disproportionately represented in their class. When he’d suggested a one-on-one study date, Amber hadn’t hesitated to say yes.

Louis, on the other hand, was nothing like his roommate, at least in Amber’s opinion. While Fletcher was easygoing and quick to smile, Louis was just…big. More than once, Amber had thought of Louis as a troll or ogre or something. Not because he was particularly ugly or brutish, but he was definitely a man of few words. Physically, he was huge – nearly six and a half feet tall and built more like a competitive strongman than a lawyer. He was the last person Amber would label as “friendly,” and he never seemed to respond to any of her conversational overtures. He really just came off as a jerk. She was convinced Louis hated her. Maybe he hated everyone.

So it was all the more bemusing to see him speak to Fletcher as if being in separate buildings was somehow concerning.

“We’re just going over our contributions for Legal Writing, so I shouldn’t be more than two hours.” Louis hoisted his bag over his shoulder and put his hand on the doorknob, but still seemed reluctant to leave.

“Sounds good, man,” Fletcher responded. He smiled at Amber. “Make yourself comfortable,” he said, gesturing toward the couch, “I’m just gonna grab my laptop.”

Amber smiled back, but Fletcher was already headed down the hallway. When Amber turned, she nearly gasped – Louis had stepped away from the door and was standing uncomfortably close.

Before Amber could react, he shoved a piece of paper into her hands. “Here’s my number,” he muttered, clearly not wanting Fletcher to hear. “Text me if…if Fletcher needs anything.”

Amber quirked an eyebrow, but Louis sounded completely earnest. “Um…okay? Am I missing something? Why wouldn’t Fletcher text you himself?” She was unnerved by Louis’s behavior, but she, too, kept her voice quiet.

Louis hesitated, then shook his head as if physically trying to shake off the intensity of his demand. “Fletch wasn’t feeling too well last night,” he said, not quite meeting Amber’s gaze. “I just want to be able to help if he gets sick.”

The oddly intense moment was broken by the sounds of Fletcher returning from his room. Before Amber could even open her mouth to ask more questions, Louis was already out the door, calling “See you later” to his roommate.

“Ready for a deep dive into Torts?” Fletcher grinned, apparently unaware of Louis’s surreptitious plea.

Amber mirrored Fletcher’s movements, taking out her laptop and notes, but she wasn’t quite ready to focus on emotional distress or assault and battery.

“So…how long have you and Louis known each other?” she asked, feigning nonchalance.

“Lou?” Fletcher didn’t even look up as he rifled through his notes. “Since college. Freshman year.”

“And you both ended up here?” Amber pressed gently.

Fletcher half-shrugged. “We both knew we wanted to go into law, so we helped each other study, and we both got in.”

Which left Amber with no more immediate avenues for questioning. This was the top law school in the state, so it wasn’t exactly a mystery as to why both men decided to accept their offer of admittance. But she wasn’t ready to let the subject drop just yet.

“He said you weren’t feeling well last night,” she said, slightly less casual. “Are you OK to study?”

Fletcher’s hesitation would have passed without notice, had Amber’s question been completely innocent, but she definitely caught the half-second pause before Fletcher brushed off the question.

“Oh, yeah,” he answered, physically waving away the question, “I must’ve eaten some leftovers that were too old or something. No big deal.”

He looked up at Amber and grinned. “Ready for some Garratt v. Dailey, or do you have any more questions about my roommate?”

Called out (albeit kindly), Amber felt her face flush. “Sorry. Just a little overeager to get to know people.” That part, at least, was honest. Being new in town wasn’t easy.

Chill as ever, Fletcher moved on without teasing Amber any further. Amber chose to believe that the subject was dropped.

The two of them settled in, poring over case law and prior statutes. Fletcher was naturally smart, but Amber had a knack for law and reason. Together, they were an excellent match for studying, both helping each other understand the breadth and intricacies of one of the less-entertaining L1 courses.

After about an hour, Amber sat back and rolled her neck. “Ugh. This is great, but I can only take so much case law at one time. Is the bathroom down there?” She pointed down the hall.

“Yeah, second door on the left.”

Amber smiled in thanks, stretching her arms overhead as she stood up. She went to the bathroom, pleased with how the study date was going. Yes, they were learning a lot, but she was also enjoying her time with Fletcher. Their conversation was easy, and she really felt like he could be her first real friend here. If only his roommate wasn’t so unpleasant…

Amber washed her hands and walked back out to the front room. She saw Fletcher leaning forward, elbows on his knees, clenching and unclenching his fists.

“You OK?” Amber asked, more concerned than she would have been, had she not heard Louis’s warning.

Fletcher sat up, an inscrutable look replaced almost instantly by a tired smile. “Ready for some more work,” he claimed. “That’s what we signed up for, right?”

“Ha!” Amber couldn’t help but nod in agreement. Fletcher was right – they both knew law school would be exhausting. She mentally chastised herself for being paranoid.

They returned to their pages and pages of judicial decisions and precedent. Amber was laser-focused, taking copious notes, both digital and hand-written. She was determined to do well on their next exam. For another half hour, Amber talked through the required readings, not noticing that Fletcher was contributing less and less to the conversation.

“So, using Summers v. Tice, pharmaceutical companies have been held liable for in-“

Amber cut herself off at the sound of a clattering pen. She looked up to see Fletcher’s pen on the floor and its owner’s hand shaking.

“Fletcher?” It took Amber a second to fully drag her focus from the definition of intentional action, but when she did, she saw that Fletcher’s skin had taken on an ashen tone and a sheen of sweat. His hands were trembling, and he made no movement to reach for the dropped pen.

“Fletcher?” Amber repeated, her voice rising. “Are…are you OK? Can I…”

Fletcher inhaled, his breath shaky. “I…” he breathed. “I think I need to lay down.”

“OK!” Amber, an experienced babysitter, automatically adopted a cheerful-yet-calm tone, as much to try to keep herself from freaking out as anything else. “Do you want to just-“

She gestured toward the couch, but Fletcher cut her off. “I think…I should go to me room,” he ground out, sounding very much like he was using every last ounce of energy to speak normally.

He leaned forward, and Amber stood up help him off his feet. He didn’t argue as she braced her hand under his elbow. She could feel him trembling even under the obvious tension of his muscles as he worked to hold himself upright.

They shuffled toward the bedroom in silence. Amber’s thoughts ricocheted around her mind, a mix of trying to understand what was going on and trying to decide what to do

In Fletcher’s pleasantly tidy room, Amber helped guide him toward his bed. With a shaky hand, Fletcher reached down and drew back the covers before dropping onto the bed with what was probably considerably less grace than he would have liked.

“Can I…” Amber watched as Fletcher drew the covers up to his chin, his eyes already closed. “Can I get you anything?”

“No,” Fletcher breathed, not opening his eyes. “I’m just gonna rest.”

The last words were all but slurred, murmured in a weary exhale. Amber was nearly convinced that he was asleep before he finished speaking. She stared down at him for a second before slowly reaching into her pocket.

She stepped out of the room before pulling out her room. Even though she was certain Fletcher was asleep (or at least incapable of stopping her), she still felt weird texting a grown man’s roommate in front of him to – what, tattle? Give a medical update? Regardless, Amber was unnerved enough by Fletcher’s sudden crash that she knew her best option was to follow Louis’s orders.

Hey, it’s Amber. Fletcher got all shaky and he’s in bed now. Idk what else to do.

The response dots appeared within seconds. I’m coming back now. 15 minutes. Stay with him and let me know if anything changes.

If Amber had been expecting comfort, this wasn’t it. She could practically feel Louis’s worry through the words on the screen. Clearly, Louis wasn’t surprised by her text – what was going on here? Of course, she didn’t expect to know everything about Fletcher just a few weeks into the semester, but whatever this was seemed pretty important.

Drawing in a breath, Amber straightened her shoulders, put her phone back into her pocket, and walked back into Fletcher’s room. The details didn’t matter right now; if Fletcher needed to be watched over until Louis returned, then that was what she would do.

There was already a chair next to Fletcher’s bed, one she hadn’t noticed before. It wasn’t odd, exactly – plenty of people had chairs in their rooms – but, in light of the past 10 minutes, Amber wondered if this chair was explicitly for Louis to watch over Fletcher while he slept.

Amber settled herself into the chair. For the first thirty seconds, she sat up straight, staring at Fletcher’s sleeping form without blinking. After a half-minute of even breathing, though, she decided that Fletcher didn’t need quite that level of attentiveness and relaxed her posture a bit.

Ten minutes later, as Amber was mentally planning what she would ask Louis when he returned, Fletcher started to move. Amber sat upright, one hand already gripping her phone.

She didn’t speak, not wanting to wake him, but she watched Fletcher writhed slightly, leaning his head back and forth. After a minute, his eyes opened, wet, red, and scared.

“Fletcher?” Amber said softly. “Fletcher, it’s OK.”

Fletcher’s head turned on the pillow just enough so that he could look at the source of the voice. Instead of relaxing upon seeing Amber’s face, however, he teared up more.

All of Amber’s forced-logic calm evaporated. “What’s wrong?” she asked, trying to keep her voice from squeaking. “Fletcher, what do you need?”

Instead of responding, Fletcher just moaned. Well, it was kind of a moan. A weak, pained sigh that Amber correctly took to mean he couldn’t speak.

“It’s OK,” Amber repeated, wholly unsure if that was true. “You’re OK.”

Fletcher whined quietly, pitifully. It was as if he’d been tranquilized, and the only part of his body he was capable of moving was his head, which he was shaking back and forth slowly.

Amber was now on her feet, staring down at her miserable classmate. He gazed back up at her, silently pleading. But she could tell for what.

“Are you hurt?” she asked, knowing the question was futile. Clearly, if Fletcher was capable of moving or speaking, he would have by this point. He was only whining though, looking increasingly distressed.

“I’m sorry,” Amber pleaded, totally at a loss. “Louis is coming, he’s on his way.”

Fletcher’s eyes widened for a second, but then his face crumpled, and he actually started to cry, tears streaming sideways from the outer corners of his eyes.

“Fletch!”

This time, Amber did gasp at the sound of Louis’s voice from the hallway. “In here!” she called, relieved.

She took a step back as Louis strode forcefully into the room, not quite sprinting. He didn’t even look at Amber; he just stepped next to the bed and looked down at Fletcher, assessing the situation.

“It’s OK,” Louis promised, in a voice more gentle than Amber would have ever thought possible. “You’re OK. I’m here.”

Fletcher’s whine was different this time – broken instead of desperate. Tears poured down the sides of his face as he gazed up at his towering friend.

Louis reached down and stroked Fletcher’s hair, then abruptly turned toward Amber.

“I’ve got this. You can go.”

Amber didn’t hesitate; she walked out of the room and shut the door behind her. She made it all the way to the front room before she slumped on the couch, experiencing an adrenaline crash disproportionate to the actual length of the event.

Back in the bedroom, Fletcher was still crying, though not as hard.

“It’s OK, man,” Louis soothed. “It’ll be OK. She doesn’t know. She didn’t see anything.”

Fletcher squeezed his eyes shut, pressing out another stream of tears.

Louis sighed. There was only so much comforting he could do. Now, he had to focus on more functional things.

“Let’s get you cleaned up,” he said softly.

Louis pulled back the blankets to reveal the wet patch that he already knew would be there. The stain glistened around Fletcher’s lower half, and Louis could have kicked himself. If he’d just been a few minutes earlier…

“It’s OK,” he repeated, gently easing Fletcher to a sitting position. “We’ll just get you cleaned up, and then you can go back to sleep. I’m here.”

Supporting most of Fletcher’s weight, Louis guided his friend to the connected bathroom. It wasn’t quite a well-honed system, but neither was this the first time the duo had done this particular dance. Louis tried to speed things up this time, though, knowing the speed of Fletcher’s crash meant that he was going to need even more rest.

Instead of a full shower, then, Louis just propped his roommate up on the shower chair, stripped off his wet clothes, and wiped him down with a soapy washcloth. Back in the bedroom, he situated a towel-wrapped Fletcher on the chair by the bed while he changed the bedsheets.

The whole process took only about ten minutes, but Louis was exhausted by the time Fletcher was back in his clean, dry bed, asleep before his head hit the pillow. Drained, Louis gathered the wet sheets in his arms and exited the room, closing the door behind him as quietly as he could.

He didn’t bother to sigh when he saw Amber still sitting on the couch. She straightened expectantly when he walked out, but he didn’t acknowledge her at first. He just walked past to put the sheets the in washer.

Amber heard the washing machine start, then the sound of water in the kitchen – Louis washing his hands. She waited patiently. At first, she’d stayed because she was too overwhelmed to move. Then, after she’d had a minute to collect herself, she decided that she wanted answers and had steeled herself to stay.

Now, seeing Louis in front of her, she wasn’t quite as sure about that decision.

The hulking man sat down at the opposite corner of the couch. After a second, he shifted slightly so that he was turned toward Amber. He didn’t speak, but he stared, silently daring her to ask her questions.

Amber drew in a deep breath. “Is…” she started. “Is he…”

Louis’s stare was harsh, protective. Amber knew that if she asked the wrong question, she wouldn’t get any answers at all. She pressed her lips together, trying to sort out the thoughts and emotions of the afternoon. Finally, after a few more seconds of silence, she opened her mouth again.

“Did I hurt him?”

Louis paused, then visibly relaxed, if only slightly.

“No,” he sighed. “You actually did really well.”

Relieved, Amber slumped back into the couch. “Good.”

She looked back up at Louis. She still wanted to know more, but she didn’t want to press too much.

“If…is there anything I could do next time? Maybe to prevent…” She trailed off, not knowing what exactly it was she’d be preventing.

Louis hesitated again, considering his answer. “I don’t know,” he finally said. “It’s…Fletch doesn’t always appreciate suggestions to slow down and take it easy.”

Amber mulled that answer for a moment. So whatever it was that had happened was somewhat perpetuated by stress and hard work. Louis was telling her that she could keep an eye out for Fletcher pushing himself, but ultimately, it was up to Fletcher to decide whether or not he would relax.

“So you’ve known him for a while, then?” she asked, switching tactics.

Louis nodded, apprehensively, anticipating where this line of questioning was going.

“Has he…always…”

“Look,” Louis stared at Amber, not bothering to let her finish eking out a question. “I’m not going to give you details. It’s up to Fletcher to decide how much of his own personal information he wants to share.”

“No, I-“ Amber held up her hands, fending off the not-entirely-inaccurate implied accusation. “I know.”

Louis sighed again. He knew this was bound to happen, eventually. (Well, not quite this.) He’d tried to talk to Fletcher about pacing himself and what to say to classmates if they ever noticed anything, but neither of the roommates had been prepared for just how strenuous law school was going to be. He knew Amber was unlikely to be satisfied with no explanation at all, but he also knew that he didn’t want to share anything without Fletcher’s permission.

“You take care of him.”

Amber’s matter-of-fact statement interrupted Louis’s stream of consciousness, and his first reaction was pure defensiveness.

“I don’t…” he sputtered, desperate to protect his roommate. “I’m not a nurse. He’s not an invalid.”

And yet, even as he spoke, Louis was unsure of how much weight his words would carry. Amber had only known then for a short time, and she’d just seen Fletcher collapse and cry, and, even if she hadn’t seen it, she had to have figured out that he had an accident.

“We’re friends,” Louis insisted sincerely. “We met in college, and we were friends, and when…when things started happening, I wanted to help.”

He looked up at Amber, tired and deflated. “That’s all.”

It was easily the most emotion Amber had ever seen from Louis, not that that was saying much. She felt for him; he clearly cared deeply for Fletcher, and, whatever the two of them were dealing with, it wasn’t her place to know just yet.

“OK,” she said after several moments. “OK.”

She reached for her bag, but turned back to Louis as she stood.

“Tell Fletcher…” she said quietly, “tell Fletcher I hope he feels better soon. And tell him I’ll send him my notes once I get them all organized.”

Louis nodded slowly, too tired to stand and see her out the door.

“And…” Amber paused, hoping this next bit came out right. “I won’t…I won’t tell anyone. Anything. Please don’t worry.”

Louis seemed to melt into the couch, nearly delirious with relief that he hadn’t hoped for.

Amber gave him a small smile, then walked out the door, each leaving the other with opinions quite different than how they’d began the afternoon.

*005*2019-07-03 01:38

{{On 6/30/2019 at 11:28 AM, plas broek said:

Another very good story. Was this the whole story or will there be more.

}}

Ehhh, haven't decided yet. I don't have any particularly good ideas for continuing, and it would be another two weeks, at least.

{{On 6/30/2019 at 5:58 PM, AliasnameTO said:

Fletcher is an extremely cute name for a guy, and it fits your character here. Ready to see him get over any possible shyness around Amber, because obviously she's fine.

}}

Your comments never cease to surprise me!! I actually was quite unsatisfied with the names in this one, but I didn't want to spend any more time thinking of other ones!

{{On 7/1/2019 at 2:41 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was adorable

}}

Thank you!

{{On 7/1/2019 at 4:05 AM, bazinga said:

This was so sweet!! So happy to read your work again!

}}

Thanks, darling! As rushed as it was, it does feel good to get a story out after awhile.

{{On 7/1/2019 at 11:43 AM, KarenGranger said:

Awesome work yet again! If I were to guess there'd be more would I be right? I feel like I would as you always seem to dig deeper on ones like these. I hope so anyway!

}}

I hadn't planned on it, but I'll give it some thought! No promises, though :)

