The Contractor's Apprentice

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2019-08-20 04:26

This was a request from KarenGranger, which I tried to get done in exactly one month, but I've now barely missed (in my time zone). Bummer Thanks for reading!

###

“TJ, move that sawhorse over here.”

“Yes, sir.”

TJ Masters easily hoisted the frame – you never drag it – and set it where his dad had indicated. Tony Masters was an extremely diligent builder and craftsman; it was why he was one of the most sought-after contractors in their town. More specifically, by the type of people on the east side of town who could afford to add extra wings to their already-enormous houses.

TJ had been working for his father for as long as he could remember – stirring paint and washing paintbrushes as a child, sorting tools and accessories in elementary school, and now, joining his dad at work sites, a position he’d earned by precision, hard work, and virtually never making mistakes.

Needless to say, TJ and Tony didn’t live in the same neighborhood as the people they worked for. Tony kept his margins low, but he almost always only worked one job at a time, so, despite his wealthy clientele, he wasn’t exactly pulling in seven figures himself.

So one of the most important rules on worksites for TJ was to keep his mouth shut. He was there as a worker; he kept his head down, completed the list of tasks for the day, cleaned up after himself, and left, taking care not leave any boot prints on the property.

TJ didn’t really mind. He liked the work, and he wasn’t much of an extrovert, anyway, so when they did end up working at one of his classmate’s houses, it was neither awkward nor distracting.

Until today.

TJ never knew where they’d be going when they started a new job; he never needed to. He’d just get in the truck with his dad and start work when they got to the house. Today, they pulled onto the grounds of a newer house on the edge of town. Tony parked the car around back and explained that they’d be renovating the pool house. TJ hopped out and started unloading the truck, barely paying attention to the giant house or its inhabitants.

On his third and final trip out to the truck, TJ caught movement out of the corner of his eye, and before he could stop himself, he looked. And nearly dropped the armful of lumber he was carrying.

Strolling out of the back door was Robbie diSantos. Robbie – TJ didn’t even know what his full name was – had just started at TJ’s high school at the beginning of their senior year a couple of weeks ago, and TJ had been instantly smitten.

TJ didn’t exactly have an expansive vocabulary, but even if he did, the first word he would use to describe Robbie was cool. Robbie just made everything look so effortless. The clothes he wore were cooler than anything TJ owned, but not in a pretentious way. His hair fell perfectly, but it didn’t even look like he used any product. He was the kind of person who seemed like he didn’t care about any of the everyday drama of high school, and he was all the more impressive for it.

Robbie was carrying a book and a glass of something. He settled himself into a pool chair and slipped in his earbuds, apparently not even noticing the Masters.

“TJ! Grab that band saw!”

TJ blinked and stumbled into motion, ashamed of his juvenile, doe-eyed daze. He doubled back to pick up the band saw and ducked into the pool house, forcing himself to avoid the windows, so as not to keep peeking out toward the pool chairs.

So now, TJ had spent the past 3 hours measuring, sanding, and cutting lumber. He’d been working long enough that his dad now trusted him with entire projects, rather than giving one instruction at a time. In this case. He was adding a wall the pool house to partition off a small closet, which he would then fill with shelves. It was simple work, but required precision, and TJ knew that Tony expected the closet to be finished by the end of the day.

Focusing on the work helped TJ keep his mind off Robbie for the most part. But every so often, when he turned the saw off or moved newly cut two-by-fours from the table, he’d find himself glancing out the window, semi-consciously hoping to catch a glimpse of his classmate.

As noon approached, Tony signaled to TJ that it was time for a break. TJ finished his current task, took of his noise-cancelling headphones, and grabbed a sandwich and bottle of water from the cooler.

“Grable’s called, and our stone shipment came in earlier than expected,” Tony said without preamble, between bites of sandwich. “I’m gonna head over there and pick out what we need for the walkway and patio.”

“Yes, sir,” TJ replied, already knowing what the next orders would be.

“By the time I get to Grable’s, look over the product, load it, I won’t have time to get back here and do anything -” The quarry was an hour and a half away “- so Roy’s on his way to get me. I’ll take the trailer to Grable’s and leave the truck here with you. You finish the closet, clean up, and meet me back at home.”

“Yes, sir.” TJ nodded. On one hand, he was oddly honored that his dad trusted him enough to leave him alone at a job site on the first day. On the other hand, did his dad have to abandon him at this particular job?

Not that TJ would ever argue with his dad at work. They were there to be efficient and professional, not to engage in family spats. So TJ simply finished his lunch, brushed off his jeans, and went back to work. Tony passed over the keys to the truck before he left, but otherwise, didn’t offer any further instructions.

TJ kept working, keeping his headphones on to protect from the noise of the saw. The work and the blazing sun outside warmed the unfinished pool house. Barely even thinking, TJ grabbed another water bottle from the cooler and downed it in between cuts.

He’d been working for about another hour – the frame of the wall was in place, now he just had to hang the drywall and shelves – when he felt the first signals of fullness from his bladder. It was just enough to make him aware, but not enough to make him worry. The drywall and the shelves wouldn’t take long.

He t grabbed the drywall sheets propped against the wall, then nearly dropped them when he turned back to the table.

“Hey.”

Robbie stood in the doorway, holding a bottle of Powerade. He looked completely unperturbed, as usual, and TJ scrambled to match Robbie’s level of aloofness.

He set down the drywall and pulled down his headphones. “Hey,” he replied, praying his voice wasn’t shaking as much as it felt like it was, “what can I do for you?”

The corner of Robbie’s mouth quirked up. “Besides the literal work that you’re already doing?” he teased. “Nah, man, I just know how hot it is out here, so I thought I’d bring you some electrolytes.”

“Oh!” Instead of gratitude, TJ only felt stupid for not realizing that the drink was meant for him. “Thanks. Thanks, man. That was really nice.”

Robbie grinned, keeping eye contact long enough to make TJ’s stomach flutter as he handed over the chilled bottle. “Just shout if you want more. It’s nasty out today.”

Compelled by both a desire to show gratitude and a genuine need for more hydration, TJ had already unscrewed the cap and was taking a gulp. He swallowed quickly and attempted a smile, knowing full well he’d never take Robbie up on his offer.

TJ downed the entire Powerade before he even knew it. The near-icy drink felt amazing on the hot day, and drinking it so quickly prevented TJ from relishing the fact that Robbie had technically given him a gift. Mostly.

The sugar from the drink provided a nice burst of energy while TJ hung the drywall. It was simple work, but time-consuming, as TJ carefully made sure that all the corners aligned perfectly. Safety first, his dad always said, emphasizing quality construction, but aesthetics are a close second.

Reaching up to secure the top of the wall, TJ felt an urge from his bladder. He grunted involuntarily and pressed his thighs together.

Stupid! he mentally chastised himself. He knew the rules – you don’t leave before the work is done, no matter what. Drinking the extra water bottle and the Powerade had been a terrible decision.

TJ grimaced as he stood in front of the closet, quickly assessing how much work he had left to do. The drywall was finished, so he just had to cut and hang the shelves inside. He had all the specs, and since all the shelves were identical, he wouldn’t have to worry about setting up different measurements.

“Hey!”

The greeting from the window (well, the hole in the wall where the new window would soon be installed) was overly loud, considering TJ didn’t actually have his headphones on at the second. He jumped, then awkwardly tried to disguise the movement by turning to find Robbie smiling at him.

“How’s it going?” Robbie asked casually. He looked around at the alterations to the room. “It looks good!”

TJ smiled shyly, but only for a second. Sensations from his bladder nagged him, and he hoped his face wasn’t too noticeably red. Well, beyond the existing redness from the heat and the work.

“Thanks,” he murmured. “I should be done in about an hour, so you won’t have to deal with the noise too much longer.”

“Take your time.” Robbie winked, and this time, TJ was sure his blush was visible.

Robbie had walked away, but TJ’s face heated up even more as dozens of thoughts careened around his head – Robbie was flirting with him, he must look like a mess, he had to pee, but he couldn’t until he finished the job…

Clenching his jaw, TJ returned to the work table. His nerves were firing overtime, which was not helping his current situation.

Just finish the job.

Snatching the pressboard with far more force than necessary, TJ mentally scolded himself. He couldn’t let his own poor choices impact the quality of his work – his dad’s work.

TJ took a deep breath and clenched his abdominal muscles. Not trusting himself with the band saw just yet, he decided to hang the brackets in the closet. That way, as soon as he had the shelves cut, he could place them, clean up, and leave.

Measuring, even though he knew exactly where the studs are, TJ braced himself before each precise shot of the nail gun. The power of the tool still jarred his entire body, but he managed to hang all the brackets without losing control.

Allowing himself a brief smile, TJ returned to the saw. All he had to do was cut the pressboard and place the shelves, and he was done! (And clean up, but he wasn’t planning on that taking that long)

TJ grabbed the first board, measured, marked, then measured again. He continued the process until the shape of all 4 shelves was precisely delineated. He took a deep breath, positioned his safety goggles, and turned on the band saw.

And immediately turned it off again.

TJ let out a low groan and bent forward. The vibrations from the saw had caught him off guard, and he’d lost a quick, hot leak. He had to stop and cross his legs to help control the pressure, and he reflexively glanced toward the window to make sure Robbie wasn’t watching.

He wasn’t, not that it made TJ feel much better. The immediacy of the desperation passed after a few moments, but TJ felt his heart beating in his throat. He stared plaintively at the saw, as if begging it to go easy on him.

Taking a deep breath, TJ straightened up slowly. He squeezed his thighs tightly together, then grabbed the first piece of pressboard and turned on the saw.

TJ clenched his jaw so tightly, he thought he might crack a tooth. He could practically feel the liquid vibrating in his overfilled bladder, but he kept his focus trained on the saw, never wavering in the straight lines he was cutting.

Unconsciously holding his breath, TJ finished the last cut, ending up with 4 perfectly identical shelves. He gratefully turned off the saw, but the sudden cease in vibrations shocked him into leaking again.

The teen whined softly and shoved his hand between his legs. He couldn’t even think about the actual process of getting to a bathroom; he just had to finish this job without making a mess. And without Robbie seeing.

TJ pressed tightly through his jeans, his breath hitching. He really shouldn’t have drunk that Powerade.

The thought of the Powerade made TJ look sharply over at the window. Thankfully, Robbie was still nowhere in sight. TJ knew he didn’t have much time, so he gave his crotch another squeeze, then stood up and grabbed the stacked boards.

He slid the top shelf in, careful not the scratch the wall. The second and third shelves were placed easily enough, but TJ was tall enough that the last shelf required him to bend down.

He did.

But then he couldn’t get back up.

Even the slight bend necessary to help his long arms reach the bottom brackets put too much pressure on TJ’s bladder, and he felt another forceful leak soak into his underwear. He shakily placed the last shelf, then shoved both of his hands between his legs, clenching as tightly as he could. His jeans were awkwardly bunched in his hands, and he didn’t have as comforting of a grip as he wanted, but he couldn’t let go.

Tears sprung in TJ’s eyes. He tried to force himself to think of the work he still had to do, but any task-related thoughts were immediately crowded out by the simple biological fact that he couldn’t do anything else right now. He just had to pee.

His only remaining clear thought was that he couldn’t have an accident in the pool house. Half-blind with desperation and tears, TJ stumbled out the side door, hands between his legs, and around the side of the building. He barely made it around the corner before he totally lost control.

TJ whimpered as he started to actually wet himself, urine pouring over his hands and down both his thighs. His jeans darkened rapidly, and he could hear the splattering of his accident on the dirt below.

TJ fought to catch his breath. The relief was spectacular, but not nearly as overwhelming as the shame. He couldn’t…he didn’t…

Pressing his lips together, TJ tried to force himself to stay quiet. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d cried, but his current cycle of humiliation and self-contempt was forcing sobs against the back of his throat.

Seconds or minutes or hours later, he was finally empty. Shaking, TJ stood up straight and wiped his hands against the remaining dry material on the back of his jeans. He sniffled and dragged the back of his hand under his nose, but made no move to return inside.

Chest heaving, TJ tried to string together a plan. He still had to clean up inside, but if he did that quickly, then drove right home, he could still make it before his dad got there, and-

“Hey!”

TJ’s heart stopped. No no no…

“I wanted to see if y-“

TJ was facing away, so he didn’t yet see Robbie’s face, but it was pretty obvious what had happened. The sobs he’d been holding back seemed to intensify, ripping at his voice box.

“Hey,” Robbie repeated, his voice impossibly gentle, “Are you…can I…”

TJ desperately wanted to respond, to somehow assure Robbie that it was fine and that he’d just finish cleaning and be on his way, but he couldn’t open his mouth without crying. Instead, he tried to breathe deeply, calming himself enough to do literally anything other than just stand there silently in piss-soaked jeans.

Still out of TJ’s line of vision, Robbie inhaled audibly. “I’ll leave if you want me to, man, but can you just tell me if you need help? Like, do you need me to get anyone? Call anyone?”

Grateful for the yes-or-no question, TJ shook his head. Robbie’s gentle, non-judgmental offer was calming, and TJ was able to breathe more easily.

After another few silent seconds, he was able to speak. “I’m fine,” he said, his voice low and scratchy. “The closet is finished, so I’ll just clean up inside, and then we’ll be back tomorrow to-“

“Are you kidding me?!”

Robbie sounded so affronted that TJ finally looked up. Sure enough, Robbie looked utterly baffled by what TJ though was a pretty simple statement.

“You…” Robbie was all but sputtering, and TJ couldn’t figure out what had him so worked up. “You don’t have to do anything else! Just…why would you think you have to keep working??”

TJ frowned slightly. “I haven’t cleaned up yet. I haven’t finished. I have to finish the job for today.”

Robbie glanced down at TJ’s dark, sopping jeans, and TJ felt his entire face heat up. “TJ, it’s…it’s fine, man,” Robbie insisted. “You’re coming back tomorrow, just leave it.”

TJ shook his head and looked down again. “My dad…” He stopped, not wanting to make it sound like his dad was overly demanding. He wasn’t, it was just… “I have a job to do.”

TJ glanced back up to see some of the indignity melt off of Robbie’s face.

“You do you, man,” Robbie said, sounding a bit sad. “I know you and your dad do great work, and I don’t want to make it seem like I’m telling you how to do your job. But seriously –“ Robbie stared at TJ earnestly, and TJ had to look away, still intensely aware that he was standing in a puddle of his own urine. “- the bathroom is just off to the right through the back sliding door. I’m sorry no one told you where it was before.”

TJ was already shaking his head before Robbie finished, leaving the other teen bewildered.

“Oh, no,” TJ murmured. “We don’t use client bathrooms. We don’t enter any space unless we’re working in it.”

He said this as if it was the most obvious thing in the world, like he was explaining the First Amendment to someone who had never heard of the United States.

Robbie’s eyes darkened, and TJ nearly recoiled from this unexpected show of emotion. Robbie was so chill, so relaxed – what had TJ done wrong?

“What kind of classist, regressive, The Help bullshit is that?” Robbie spat. “Did you…did someone tell you that? Like, is it literally a rule around here?”

“We…” Now TJ really felt awful. He’d wet his pants like a child, he still hadn’t finished his tasks for today, and now, he’d somehow made the coolest, most attractive boy in the whole school mad at him. “We just…my dad always said that we don’t want to track in dirt or dust or anything. We want to respect the clients’ homes. It’s…we don’t want to…”

TJ’s face flamed again as he trailed off and stared back at the ground. The rest of the rule was “We don’t want to make any unnecessary mess,” but TJ had clearly broken that statute.

Robbie sighed, his feature softening again.

“I’m sorry,” he said softly. “I didn’t mean to yell.”

TJ glanced up and found Robbie looking at him sincerely. “You and your dad can work however you want,” Robbie swore, “but I…I promise, my family and I, we don’t care about dirt or shit like that. And definitely not over…over your well-being.”

TJ averted his eyes, blinking rapidly.

“I…” Robbie’s voice was softer than ever. “I just wanted you to know that.”

Eyes shining, TJ dared to lift his gaze, but didn’t say anything.

“Are you sure there’s nothing I can do?”

TJ shook his head and managed a weak smile. “Like I said, I’ll just clean up inside. We’ll be back tomorrow to work on the walkway and patio.”

Robbie smiled, gently, encouragingly. “I guess I’ll see you tomorrow, then.” He inhaled, as if he was going to say something else, but then just ducked his head and turned away.

TJ let out a long breath. His mind was already moving ahead to the clean-up job, the drive home, and the long shower he was going to take. But somehow, the horror of the afternoon wasn’t quite as suffocating as it had been ten minutes ago.

He whispered, even though Robbie had already walked away. “See you tomorrow.”

*005*2019-08-23 01:19

{{On 8/20/2019 at 1:13 AM, Melificentfan said:

What a fabulous story

}}

Thank you!

{{On 8/20/2019 at 5:35 AM, johnah said:

I love this. Thank you!

}}

Thank you for reading!

{{On 8/20/2019 at 10:53 AM, Pilly said:

Wow, I just loved this story. Maybe it's boring that I always say the same, but it was awesome because of the characters. I would read more about them, but if I would like to be honest I feel the same after all of your stories.

So I'm looking forward your next writing! :D

}}

As long as you don't find it boring that I keep writing the same kind of story, I won't find it boring that you're kind enough to read and comment :)

{{On 8/20/2019 at 5:36 PM, KarenGranger said:

Amazing job like always! All of your stories are always so accurate and you seem to create the perfect characters. Thanks so much for the story!

}}

I'm so glad you liked it! Thank you for giving me prompts I can work with!

{{On 8/20/2019 at 7:07 PM, wetaccident said:

This was very sweet. Thank you!

}}

You're so welcome! I'm glad you enjoyed it!

*010*2019-08-25 02:33

{{On 8/23/2019 at 5:41 AM, plas broek said:

I'm always really looking forward to your stories and so I was very happy when I opened OmoOrg and saw that you had posted a new story. And as always, it was a fantastic story.

}}

Thank you! I really appreciate you reading and commenting :)

{{On 8/23/2019 at 7:35 AM, Spectator9 said:

A good story with a plausible scenario.

}}

Thank you! I do strive for plausibility.

{{23 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

Most stories revolve around good characters, but the humanity of TJ, like his woodwork, is really well crafted. He defies stereotypes and formulas by being a diligent blue-collar worker who's tough by necessity, but also a sensitive boy with a(n adorable) gay crush. It would almost be a shame not to develop the story more. I ship them!

}}

I was pretty excited when Karen's request allowed for either a gay or straight crush. No promises, but in a couple of weeks, I might shoehorn some other ideas I have onto these characters.

{{4 hours ago, macgyversgirl said:

This is amazing and would love to see more of these charecters

}}

I might give it a shot! I didn't conceptualize this as more than one scene, but I do like these two :)

*011*2019-09-08 22:34

Part two! I have at least two more chapters. I really like these characters, but I don't necessarily have a cohesive narrative to keep up the omo. We'll see. Thanks for reading!

###

“Hey.”

TJ’s heart fluttered just like it did the first time he heard that particular syllable. He turned from his locker to find Robbie grinning at him.

“Hey,” TJ replied, unable to come up with anything else to say on such short notice.

It had been three weeks since TJ’s humiliating experience in Robbie’s backyard. TJ had continued helping his dad at the work site on weekends, and the job had been finished a week ago. Robbie hadn’t said a word (or made any other indication at all) about TJ’s accident, but he’d smiled at him a few times in the school hallways.

Now, Robbie was standing in front of him, smiling that completely chill yet disarming smile.

“A bunch of people are going out to Meg Slokin’s lake house tomorrow night for a bonfire,” Robbie said, clearly not bothering to wait for TJ’s thoughts to slow down. “Wanna join me?”

TJ had never spoken to Meg Slokin, and he was sure he’d never been to a lake house, but bonfires were an event that crossed economic lines. Before he knew it, he was responding.

“Yeah, OK. What time? Should I meet you there?”

Robbie’s grin widened. “Meg had a thing for watching the sunset before lighting the bonfire, so I’ll pick you up at about 6:45?”

“OK,” TJ felt his face warm and hoped it didn’t show. “See you then.”

The warning bell rang, and Robbie turned to head to class. “Just text me your address when you get the chance. See you tomorrow!” he called over his shoulder.

Pulling his last book out of his locker, TJ blinked distractedly. Join me…pick you up…

Had he just been asked out on a date?

###

Come Friday night, TJ had to force himself not to change his outfit after he got dressed. This wasn’t a date. Robbie had never said it was a date. He didn’t even know if Robbie was into guys; this was just a nice thing that a classmate had invited him to.

Right?

He’d told his parents that he was going to a bonfire with some friends from school. Tony and Serena didn’t ask many questions – they trusted their son not to get into any trouble. Of course, that meant TJ wasn’t getting any advice or support before what may or may not be his first date.

He’d texted his address to Robbie earlier that afternoon, and Robbie had responded with a thumbs-up and “Thanks! See you soon!”

As 6:45 approached, TJ looked in on his parents, who were watching TV in the den. It occurred to him that he hadn’t confirmed what would happen when Robbie got to his house. Would he come to the door? Would he expect meet TJ’s parents? Would he just text from the driveway?

TJ decided to preempt any uncertainty. “I’m gonna wait on the steps,” he informed his parents. Tony grunted assent, Serena told him to have fun, and TJ slipped out the door, breathing a sigh of relief that at least one potential area of confusion was handled.

Exactly at 6:45, TJ watched as a late-model Audi pulled into the driveway. He was already on his feet, but Robbie hopped out of the driver’s side.

“Hey!” Robbie was smiling, but looked inquisitive. “You didn’t have to wait outside.”

TJ shrugged and walked toward the car, semi-consciously preventing Robbie from getting any closer to the house. “It’s a nice night I didn’t want to make you wait.”

Robbie drew his eyebrows together, bemused, but stayed by the car as TJ opened the passenger side door. Both boys slid in, and TJ tried to be as gentle as possible when shutting the door.

“Have you ever been out to Meg’s place before?” Robbie asked as he started the car and backed out of the driveway.

“Nah.” TJ shrugged, wondering if he should explain any more. But what would he say? He’d never been invited? That was true, but it sounded martyr-ish. That he always had to work on weekends? Also true, but then why was he coming now?

“Me neither,” Robbie casually interrupted TJ’s thoughts. “But I heard that she tries to do a few of these bonfires every year. They’re supposedly pretty chill.”

“Oh, cool.” TJ could have kicked himself. Surely he could contribute more to the conversation than just single-syllable sounds.

But Robbie didn’t seem to mind, or even notice. He kept chatting while he drove. “Steph Lowry – she’s the one who invited us –“

Us?

“- she gave me extra directions, since she said that GPS doesn’t always take you all the way up to the house. Well, It’s not like we’ll even be going to the house, anyway. Apparently, Meg’s parents are totally cool with her having people over and having bonfires, as long as they stay further away from the house. They’ve got at least 15 acres out there, I heard.”

“Yeah, when the town sold off the land around the lake about 20 years ago, they kept it in big parcels so it wouldn’t get too loud or crowded,” TJ explained automatically. His dad had done a bunch of work out there when the rich people had all started building their lake houses.

Robbie turned to look at TJ, beaming. “It’s cool that you know so much about everything around here.”

TJ shrugged again, looking down. “Not everything,” he insisted honestly. “I’ve just learned stuff about building and zoning from Dad. He never agrees to a job unless all of the permits are signed and taken care of.”

Robbie had turned back to the road, but he was still smiling. “Still. We’ve moved around a lot, and I’ve never met anyone my own age who knows more about the town than the high school football team’s record or where the closest Target is.”

TJ’s stomach writhed, unsure how to interpret the compliment. Robbie was giving him no reason to doubt his sincerity, but TJ was in unfamiliar territory, and he was questioning he choice to agree to this excursion more and more every second.

It’s not that people at school were mean to him. Pop culture was full of examples of rich-versus-poor clashes in high school, but TJ’s experience was more one of self-guided flying under the radar. Sure, he’d been paired with the likes of Meg Slokin and other lake-house-having students on group projects, and everything had been fine, but no one in that particular economic bracket had ever invited him to hang out. And TJ had never sought to socialize with any of the type of peers his dad worked for.

Until now.

Robbie was still talking nonchalantly, telling some story of a part at his previous school. He was a natural storyteller, and his relaxed conversation helped ease some of the tension in TJ’s chest.

Soon enough, though, Robbie turned onto a driveway marked with a “No Trespassing” sign. The car slowed down as it pulled up the unpaved path to a clearing filled with BMWs, Mercedes, and the occasional Lexus.

TJ felt his shoulders tense as he unfolded himself from Robbie’s equally-ritzy car. This wasn’t right, he didn’t fit…

The sun was going down, but there was still more than enough light for the two teens to see their way through the trees. As they drew closer to the lake, TJ could hear lively, pleasant sounds from a few dozen high school students.

TJ followed Robbie into a decent-sized clearing on the lake shore. His first thought was that Meg was right; the sunset was going to be gorgeous over the water.

“Robertooooooo!” A stocky boy wearing a letterman’s jacket threw his hands in the air and draped an arm around Robbie’s shoulder. “Good to see you, dude!”

Robbie smiled easily. “Hey, Tan. You know TJ Masters?”

“Of course!” Tan stuck his hand out for TJ to shake. “We had English Lit together last year. Glad you could make it!”

“Thanks, man,” TJ gripped Tan’s hand firmly.

“Robbie!” The hostess herself skipped over, looking delighted. “Thanks for coming!”

Robbie leaned down as the smaller girl reached up to hug him. “Thanks for having us! Meg, you know TJ?”

“Sure!” Meg seamlessly turned to give TJ a greeting hug, as well. “Your dad, like, built our lake house!”

TJ smiled sheepishly, but Robbie beamed. “Teej and his dad just finished up a revamp of the pool house at our place!”

“Oh, yeah,” Tan interjected, “everyone knows that Mr. Masters is the best in town.”

Robbie looked almost proudly at TJ, but TJ’s smile felt tight. Of course his dad did great work, but the little discussion felt like a subversive wall being placed between him and them. His dad worked for them. He worked for them.

Thankfully, no one seemed to notice TJ’s discomfort.

“Drinks are in the coolers!’ Meg chirped. “Anything you want!”

Robbie turned to TJ as they all walked toward the bonfire setup. “You want anything to drink? Soda? Beer? Water? Not that I know what they have in the first place?” Robbie cringed jokingly, and TJ smiled for real.

“A Coke? If they have one?”

“Sure thing.” Robbie strode off toward the coolers, leaving TJ standing awkwardly by the pile of wood. To his mild surprise, whoever had set up the wood had done a good job – it looked like the fire would burn high and steady.

But considering the merits of a bonfire setup only takes so much time, and TJ ran out of targeted, safe things to focus on well before Robbie returned, holding two bottles of Coke.

“They’ve got an absurd selection of drinks,” Robbie said conspiratorially, leaning in slightly. “You should check it out later to see if there’s anything else you want.”

As if he could sense TJ’s instinct to reply that no, he was fine, Coke was great, Robbie continued “Seriously. They’ve got brands I’ve never even heard of. It could be a fun experiment.”

Again totally hypnotized by Robbie’s charm, TJ nodded in agreement. Having Robbie next to him buffered the feeling disconnection from his classmates. He might not belong here, but with Robbie, he felt like less of an outsider.

Robbie was a natural conversationalist, and he chatted easily with every person who approached them. He always made sure to introduce TJ, and, though his classmates always responded kindly, TJ couldn’t get rid of the feeling that he was an oddity, a genially-accepted charity attendee of the latest gala.

TJ downed his Coke far too quickly and, while Robbie was in an enthusiastic conversation about European politics, he snuck off to grab another drink. He wasn’t thirsty, exactly, but having a bottle gave him something to do with both his hands and his mouth. Robbie was right – the extensive collection of drinks available in the coolers seemed unnecessary, at best. But TJ didn’t want Robbie thinking he was ignoring his advice, so he grabbed something in a green bottle with a label that definitely wasn’t in English.

Returning to Robbie’s side, TJ attempted to smile and look engaged in the conversation. The sunset in promised, beautiful fashion, and someone lit the bonfire. As TJ expected, it caught perfectly, and the clearing was soon filled with localized warmth and flickering light.

As the sky around them grew dark, TJ spoke less and less. It was easier to hide in the darkness, even though he was still standing right there. He’d finished his second drink nearly as quickly as the first – it had been some sort of tropical-fruit flavor – but he felt increasingly awkward without something in his hand. Too discomfited to notice his filling bladder, TJ half-smiled in Robbie’s direction as a means of excusing himself from a conversation that he wasn’t actually participating in and made his way back over to the coolers.

He’d been gone less than a minute, but by the time TJ returned to his previous spot by the bonfire, Robbie was gone. Nervously, unconsciously, TJ downed the entirety of whatever beverage he’d distractedly picked from the cooler. The fire gave plenty of light, but the shifting shadows confused TJ’s already-uncomfortable mind.

The rational part of his brain said that Robbie had to be close. As far as TJ had noticed, all of the revelers were hanging out within the light of the fire, except for maybe a few couples who had gone off to seek darker, more private locales.

And with that particular stream of consciousness, the less rational part of TJ’s brain began to wonder if Robbie had, in fact, been one of those individuals to sneak off with someone to a more private locale. They weren’t on a date, after all, and TJ had no idea what Robbie’s plans were for the evening.

As he tried to fight off the spiraling thoughts of Robbie making out with some pretty girl in the forest, a sharp surge from TJ’s bladder finally caught his attention.

Instinctually pressing his thighs together, TJ glanced around to see if anyone noticed, but not one was paying attention to him. There were several dozen teenagers clustered around the bonfire, but they were all engaged in cheerful conversations with each other.

TJ felt invisible, and he felt stupid. What kind of senior in high school can’t even fit in at a perfectly casual party? More importantly (at the moment), what kind of senior in high school is stupid enough to down 3 drinks in less than an hour, pushing himself into desperation?

He’d been observing quietly since he’d arrived, but it hadn’t been that long, so he hadn’t seen or heard anyone ask where the bathroom was. Now, eyes skipping from one poised, pretty group to the next, TJ had no intention of interrupting any of the existing conversations to ask for directions to a restroom.

His bladder pulsed again, and TJ clenched his jaw. All three sugary drinks had apparently coursed through his system in record time, and he needed a toilet far more urgently than he’d realized.

Not wanting to be seen squirming noticeably, TJ scanned the crowd for Robbie’s familiar face, but came up empty.

Moving before he’d even made the conscious decision, TJ turned and strode into the woods. He was at the point where he couldn’t keep control without external assistance, and he wanted to get out of the general line of sight. He ducked behind a large sycamore and allowed himself to cross his legs and bend at the waist.

The forest was thick enough that even at this distance, the noise from the bonfire seemed muffled. Still, TJ wasn’t assured.

This was the Slokin’s land. He didn’t know what they used it for, and it was too dark to see any specific markings or alterations to the land. He didn’t want to just pee carelessly – any given tree could have meaning or be used for something by Meg’s family. It wasn’t polite or proper to just piss on someone else’s land.

Squeezing his thighs over one another, TJ mentally chastised himself. He wasn’t stupid, and he wasn’t a child. Still keeping his muscles tight, TJ straightened up and started to think.

The Slokins were wealthy, and Robbie had said Meg had several bonfires out here throughout the year. With the number of people Meg appeared to invite, surely there was a bathroom plan in place. An outhouse, a shower house, even a Porta Potty or two.

Steeling himself against the alarmingly increasing pressure from his bladder, TJ started to walk. His eyes had adjusted a little to the decreased light away from the bonfire, so he was able to pick his way through the trees without much trouble. Of course, he had to stop every few feet to cross his legs or even grab between his thighs to keep himself from having an accident.

TJ wandered for nearly 10 minutes, scanning in all directions, but staying far enough away from the clearing that he wouldn’t be seen, but to no avail. He didn’t see any buildings, not even a path to the main house. His resolve falling further with ever step, TJ had to stop again, hinging forward.

His phone buzzed in his pocket, shocking him into a momentary loss of control. TJ shoved a hand into his crotch, but not fast enough to prevent a leak from gushing all the way through his jeans.

Wincing at the feeling of wet fabric under his hand, TJ pulled out his phone.

Where’d you go? I lost you!

Without warning, TJ’s eyes filled with tears. Alone in the dark, hand between his legs, urine-dampened fabric pressing against his skin, he was in no place to be reasonable. Robbie’s text hit him like a beating, a scolding toward a disobedient child who’d wandered off.

TJ leaked again, hot and clammy against his hand. He shuffled forward, just enough rational space left in his mind to realize how utterly pathetic he was being.

Grasping onto that last vestige of rational thought, TJ tried to talk himself into doing something constructive. But it was too late, and he was too overwhelmed. The hardwired inferiority around his peers, the uncertainty of his standing with Robbie, and the insistence of the three drinks he’d consumed trying to escape his bladder combined into a perfect storm of immobility.

With one last pulse, TJ’s bladder released completely. Warm liquid gushed through his underwear, streaming down both his legs, flowing around and through his jeans. He hunched forward, lower abdomen aching with the force of his accident.

TJ remained rooted to the spot. Beyond the noise from the bonfire, he could hear his own piss splattering into a puddle on the ground. He felt his shoes and socks absorbing the liquid that snaked down both his calves.

He wet long enough to feel the increasing weight of his jeans pull them downward. By the time he finally stopped, he could hear his feet squishing in the newly-created mud underneath his feet.

Dazed and defeated, TJ stumbled sideways, slumping against a tree. He slid down the trunk, not caring how the bark caught against the fabric of his shirt. His phone buzzed again, but TJ didn’t even bother pulling it out.

He leaned back against the tree, tears coursing silently down his face. He was stupid, he was ridiculous, he didn’t belong here, he was worthless…

“TJ? Teej, are you out here?”

TJ didn’t make a sound, but he slumped further down against the tree. He had no explanation, no excuse he could offer Robbie that wouldn’t make the teen think he was a complete waste of space.

“TJ? Come on, man, I’m getting worried!”

Through his tears, TJ saw a beam of white light and behind it, Robbie’s silhouette as he stepped through the trees, holding his phone as a flashlight.

“TJ!” Robbie sprinted the last few steps to TJ’s side and crouched down next to him. “What happened? I’m so sorry I lost you, I’ve been looking!”

Robbie had dropped the arm holding the flashlight, so TJ wasn’t illuminated. The relatively darkness didn’t provide enough comfort, though, and TJ couldn’t bring himself to speak.

“Hey,” Robbie placed a hand gently on TJ’s shoulder. “Are you OK? Teej?”

The sincerity of Robbie’s concern couldn’t penetrate TJ’s humiliated haze, and he could only keep crying silently.

“TJ?” Robbie slowly raised his phone to light up TJ’s tear-stained face. “Oh!” TJ kept his gaze down, but he heard the shock in Robbie’s voice. “Hey! What-“

The light from the phone was small, but powerful enough that it easily glinted off the copious wetness in TJ’s lap. He felt his lower lip start to tremble traitorously as Robbie took in the evidence of his childish failure.

Several seconds passed in silence. TJ couldn’t bring himself to look at Robbie; he was sure his classmate was disgusted, at best.

“Can you stand?”

Robbie’s request was calm and gentle, and TJ found himself admiring the boy’s restraint. He didn’t trust himself to speak, so he nodded.

“OK.” Robbie’s hand never left TJ’s shoulder. “We’ll walk to my car. Everyone else is still back at the shore, so we shouldn’t run into anyone, and then we can do whatever you want – go back to my place, I can take you right home, whatever.”

TJ inhaled, trying to steady his shaking chest. “I can’t get in your car.” His voice was low and scratchy, but firm.

There were another few seconds of silence, and TJ hated himself for challenging Robbie, but he couldn’t let Robbie let him make a mess of-

“I have a blanket in the trunk,” Robbie said, still calm. “You can sit on that, and it’ll be easy to wash.”

Deciding against further argument, TJ nodded again. He waited another second or two, but when it appeared there would be no more instructions forthcoming, he leaned forward and pushed himself to his feet.

His jeans clung to his legs, making every step a visceral reminder of just how stupid he’d been. Robbie didn’t say a word on the way back to his car, and TJ had no desire to be the one to break the silence. He stood absolutely mute as Robbie popped open the trunk and pulled out a thick, fleece blanket. TJ’s stomach lurched at the thought of dirtying what looked like a homemade present, but his desire to let Robbie get rid of him as quickly as possible won out over any hesitancy.

As TJ tried to put as little weight as physically possible onto the seat, Robbie backed out onto the driveway.

“What do you want? Do you want to go back to my house, or would you rather I take you home?”

“Home,” TJ croaked. “Please.”

Robbie turned onto the road and drove for a few minutes. He hadn’t turned on the radio, and the finely-designed engine didn’t make nearly enough noise to cover the uncomfortable silence.

It wasn’t a terribly long ride, and TJ knew he needed to apologize. He’d have to jump out of the car as soon as Robbie pulled into his driveway, so he really should-

“I’m sorry.”

At the sound of Robbie’s cracked, earnest voice, TJ was shocked into looking up. Robbie’s eyes were on the road, and his hands were gripped tightly around the wheel.

“I’m so sorry,” he continued, baffling TJ into continued silence. “I can’t believe I did that to you. It was so shitty, and I feel terrible.”

TJ’s mouth flopped open, but he couldn’t think of what to say.

“You know I didn’t mean to, right?” Robbie turned to look pleadingly at TJ, his eyes shining. “I just got caught up in conversation, and when I looked up, you weren’t there, and then Steph called me over to talk to some kid from Key Club, and then when I looked around, I couldn’t find you anywhere…”

Robbie paused and drew in a deep breath. “I shouldn’t have left you. It wasn’t your scene, and I dragged you there in the first place, and then I just abandoned you.”

TJ had stopped crying, but hearing Robbie’s impassioned apology, his lip started to tremble again. He felt exposed, vulnerable, and he had to explain himself.

“I didn’t…” he choked out, “I didn’t know where the bathroom was. And I-“

“You couldn’t just go on someone else’s land without permission,” Robbie interrupted, sounding miserable. “I know. Of course you wouldn’t do that.”

He glanced over again, looking forlorn. “I swear, Teej, I didn’t do it on purpose. I should’ve made sure you were comfortable, that you knew how everything worked out there. Yeah, people just piss in the woods, that’s what Meg said, but you didn’t know that, and it wasn’t fair of me to leave you on your own.”

TJ stared. Robbie sounded so completely sincere, and he really seemed to understand what had gone wrong. It didn’t fully wash away the humiliation, but maybe, if Robbie truly didn’t think he was repulsive…

“I don’t expect you to just be OK with me tonight,” Robbie insisted, like he was compelled to keep talking, “but if you give me another chance, I promise I’ll do better.”

He turned onto TJ’s street, and TJ realized he didn’t feel nearly as horrible as he had ten minutes ago. Robbie parked in TJ’s driveway, and turned toward his passenger.

“OK?” he asked, those two syllables containing multiple questions.

TJ’s faced warmed under Robbie’s gaze, but he nodded. “Thank you,” he murmured, then cleared his throat. “Thank you for inviting me. And for driving me. And…” TJ had to avert his gaze. “…and for taking care of me.”

TJ gulped, then looked up again. “I’ll see you on Monday?”

Robbie smiled slightly, looking almost hopeful. “See you Monday.”

*015*2019-09-12 02:24

{{On 9/8/2019 at 6:59 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was so adorable

}}

Glad you liked it!

{{On 9/9/2019 at 11:02 AM, Pilly said:

Awww, I'm so happy to read this chapter!

They are so cute, and this scene was really interesting for me. I feel sorry for TJ, he was in a terrible situation, but Robbie was kind. I was wondering... maybe once Robbie could be the one having an accident. Maybe that would make TJ feel better.

}}

Would it, though?

{{On 9/9/2019 at 5:34 PM, macgyversgirl said:

Love that youve done more Looking forward to more love how Robbie thinks nothing of tjs wetti gs

}}

Thank you!

{{On 9/9/2019 at 11:07 PM, KarenGranger said:

It's awesome! Do you plan on doing another or was this the last?

I think that would be interesting as well... I mean I don't know if you had it planned, but that would be awesome. Just seeing the more sensitive side of the ever so talkative Robbie makes me think it would be great. Either way, no matter who wets I can't wait to read the next one if there will be one.

}}

I have two more planned, though the second one might be even less cohesive than the first three!

