My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*014*2022-07-14 02:44

Another one that's part of the same series.

###

Emmett had meant what he’d said, he wasn’t angry or upset about Nova’s unusual interest in peeing. If she wanted to pee like a boy, that was fine, it was her body and she could do what she wanted with it so long as it wasn’t harmful, and he had no reason to think that just standing up to pee could somehow hurt her.

It was also less strange seeing a SECOND girl pee like a guy, having seen Shelby do it so many times, the initial shock factor of it was pretty much gone. It was apparently just a thing some girls COULD do and some girls couldn’t, or maybe… Just didn’t know HOW to?

It was still a LITTLE weird to him, but he was starting to get more used to it.

He also didn’t mind that Nova apparently thought he looked cute while peeing, or while desperate to pee. Though, that was something he couldn’t understand at all. He could at least see WHY a person would want to pee standing up— It was faster, could be done more discreetly, was much easier to do when one was somewhere without actual bathrooms… Shelby had said it was just ‘convenient’ or ‘fun’ lots of times.

But, just watching someone else hold their bladder and then finally relieve themselves? He still couldn’t grasp the appeal of it. Nova had explained it to him a few times— Apparently, the faces he made while peeing were cute and that was a big part of it for her— but he still didn’t think he really ‘got’ it.

He’d decided to do some research online one night, and learned that there were actually lots of other people who enjoyed seeing someone endure a full bladder or watching them pee. So, Nova’s interest wasn’t AS bizarre as he’d thought, if a bunch of people shared it.

The things he read online referred to it as a kink or fetish, and Emmett had suspected that it was something like that. A part of him actually felt a little warm and tingly at the thought that he could turn her on with something so incredibly simple— It’s not like he ever had to WORK to make his bladder fill up, it did that perfectly fine on its own.

He read further, and found that there were lots of things people with pee kinks enjoyed doing… Some of which Emmett couldn’t see himself ever doing. He had no issue with letting her watch him pee— Maybe he’d even… Maybe he’d even consider holding it for her for a little while— Just not TOO long! But, some people liked to wet themselves on purpose, or have someone go ON them, or drink it… Emmett didn’t know a whole lot about kinks, but he was pretty sure the term for what those last few things were to him was ‘hard limit’, or something like that. He was ninety-nine percent sure he wouldn’t ever want to try them.

He wondered if he should talk to Nova about this a little more, find out where exactly her interests laid, discuss boundaries for if they ever decided to… Explore this at all. None of the activities he’d read about really ‘did’ anything for him, he didn’t feel himself getting turned on by any of it, but a lot of it didn’t repulse him or really freak him out, either. He’d be willing to try something, even if he doubted he’d get that much out of it.

He went to bed eventually, and after battling his restless insomnia for an hour, he finally fell asleep. When he woke, he was quite anxious— He’d just had one of the weirdest dreams of his life!

It had started out normal enough, he’d just been lost in a huge shopping mall and trying very desperately to find a restroom— The sort of dream he pretty much ALWAYS had if his bladder was trying to wake him up. But, then it got strange when Nova showed up and very quickly found him a toilet. She’d stayed to watch, which he said was okay, but then his dream-self did something he didn’t think his real-self would EVER do— Asked her to AIM for him.

She’d obliged, very enthusiastically, and he’d emptied his bladder as she’d stroked his dick. After he’d finished peeing, she’d continued to pump his cock until he came. He’d had PLENTY of very enjoyable dreams involving her touching him and bringing him to orgasm, but NEVER one like that.

What had that dream MEANT?

Did it HAVE to mean anything at all?

It was probably just because of the stuff he’d been reading before bed, right? Nothing deeper than that…

As he continued to think about it, Emmett’s hand went between his legs and he cringed when he felt dampness there. His heart skipped a beat— He’d peed in his dream, hadn’t he? He hadn’t wet the bed EVER, why would it—

When he pulled the sheet down, he realized that the fluid coating the crotch of his pajama pants definitely WASN’T urine. He grimaced. ‘Come on… Not again…’ He stood from his bed and got some new clothes to change into, then entered the restroom.

When he saw the toilet, he had to cross his legs. His morning pee really wanted out… Ordinarily, he would just take care of it now, but something about his dream was making him hesitant about letting go of everything he was holding. He wasn’t sure why he felt the need to keep containing it, but he needed to figure it out quickly; If he didn’t get rid of the urine soon it was probably going to spray out regardless of what he wanted.

‘Am I saving it for some reason?’ he wondered to himself, starting to walk in place as he continued to mull it over. ‘Am I saving it for Nova?’ Emmett didn’t want to admit it, but he knew that had to be the truth. ‘What? Like, hold it until you get to school so she can see you squirming? You probably won’t even make it all the way there in time— And if you do, you’ll have to use the grody toilets, and it’s not like she can follow you into the men’s room to watch…’

‘Wait, now it’s sounding like I really… Like I just WANT her to watch. I guess I could…’ Emmett sighed. He wished he’d never had that dream, now everything was confusing and he was having weird ideas. ‘It… It will make her happy,’ he thought, telling himself that was the ONLY reason he was considering going through with his new idea.

He got changed, cracked open the door to the restroom, and went back to his bedroom. His phone was on the nightstand. He grabbed it before returning to the restroom he’d just left. ‘Do I… Really want to do this?’ he kept asking himself. ‘It’s— It’s just gonna stay between us. Nobody has to know about it…’ His eyes kept drawing back towards the toilet— After not peeing all night, he really DID have to go. Not much time left to make a decision before his body made it for him.

‘Nova always says your FACE is cute when you do this, so you don’t have to record any… Nudity, I don’t think.’ Emmett wouldn’t be comfortable having a video showing his genitals saved to his phone. ‘Just your face, and the sound…’ Emmett lifted the lid and seat on the toilet, unzipped himself, then opened the camera app on the phone. He rested it on the counter so that it was pointed towards him and had a clear view of his face— flushed red with a major blush. ‘I’m ACTUALLY doing this!?’

A dribble of pee fell into the toilet without permission— Now that he was in the position to let go, his bladder was beyond fed-up with all the waiting he continued to do. ‘Just— Just record it for now. Don’t have to send it if you change your mind.’ He hit the button and the phone started to film him. “Uh—Um— Hey, Nova… Good morning. Or afternoon. Or— Whenever I decide to send this to you. Just— Uh— Just wanted to say that… I promise I don’t think… I don’t think any of that stuff we talked about on the field trip was weird, or… I don’t mind it at all— I’m just getting used to it, and it’s okay, so don’t worry, I—“

There was a pinching feeling around his bladder, and his stream started to hiss forcefully into the bowl. “Haaahhhh…” he sighed, eyelids fluttering. “S—Sorry, I’ve… Uh… I’ve been needing to do this all morning, I— I couldn’t wait anymore, sorry… Ahhhh…” A small smile spread across his face as his breathing grew more even and slow. “That’s— Uh— That’s better…”

After he’d finished peeing and stopped the recording, he stood there for a minute in indecision. He played the video back to himself. ‘Oh, my face is so red…’ he thought. It felt incredibly strange to be watching himself pee. ‘Hey, Shelby’s right— I DO kinda shiver a lot when I go, what’s up with that?’ He supposed the video wasn’t BAD, Nova probably WOULD like it.

He slowly tapped the screen on his phone a few more times, and found himself checking over and over again that he’d selected the correct contact from the list before sending the video. He put the phone away. And immediately took it back out to check for a response. ‘Give her some time to WATCH it, at least,’ he scolded himself. He pushed open the door to the restroom and found Shelby standing there impatiently.

“Other people have to piss too, you know?” Shelby told him.

“S—Sorry, I was— I had to go bad, so it took—“

“Well, I STILL have to go bad,” Shelby said, scrambling into the bathroom after he’d left.

Emmett heard her stream starting to hiss into the toilet and was about to walk off when she started to talk again; “Ahhh— By the way, why the HELL were you talking to Nova on the phone while you were PISSING?”

Emmett froze. “Wha—What?”

“I heard you in here,” Shelby said. “Something about how you ‘don’t mind’ whatever it is she told you during the field trip? And then your bladder, like, exploded and I guess you started apologizing because you were making her listen to you piss?”

Emmett was immensely grateful to himself for keeping the ‘stuff’ he and Nova had discussed on the trip so vague. He realized now how horribly risky it had been to say anything at all— This piss thing was Nova’s secret, not HIS. She’d probably be really upset if Shelby found out about it.

“Um, well,” Emmett said. “I… She called when I was right about to go, and I didn’t want to—“

“Alright, I guess,” Shelby said, leaving the restroom. “Still kinda weird, though.”

***

Nova woke to the buzzing of her phone. She rolled over to look at the clock, realizing she still had ten minutes before she’d have to get up for school. She was about to roll back over when she noticed who the text had come from.

She sat up and opened the message, surprised to see a video file. She plugged her earbuds into the phone and started to watch it. Her heart fluttered as she listened to him nervously stumble over his words, assuring her that he was alright with her interests even if he didn’t quite understand them. She was so happy that he was being open-minded about it, that he hadn’t written it all off as disgusting or weird. He really hadn’t needed to send a whole video explaining that, he’d done a fine job of reassuring her during their trip and—

Suddenly, the only thing Nova could hear was a super loud hissing spray, and in the video Emmett’s facial muscles started to go very, very slack while he moaned.“Haaahhhh…” Her eyes widened and were now utterly glued to her phone screen.

He was… He was so adorable! She felt her cheeks heating up— Felt her entire body heating up— as she listened to him apologize about how he just couldn’t hold his bladder any longer, that he’d been holding it all morning, that he felt all better now… She wanted to be there with him, watching him gush, maybe even holding his shoulders a little as he let it go.

Heat and tingles coursed through her lower half— It wasn’t even just the video that was getting her so excited, it was the idea that he’d actually MADE this for her— He’d made something special, tailored specifically for HER because he’d known how much she’d enjoy it.

‘Wow, he had to GO…’ Nova thought when more time passed as she saw he was still peeing. ‘Poor thing, no wonder he looks so comfy now.’ She got back under the covers, a hand creeping beneath the sheet. She hesitated. She had touched herself before several times, often while thinking about Emmett, and a few times her mind had wandered to how Emmett looked while he peed— More than once, that image had been the thing to bring her to orgasm.

Would he mind if she did it to an actual video of him, though? ‘Why would he?’ she asked herself. ‘That’s WHY he sent it, isn’t it? He wants you to enjoy it.’ A hand slipped into her panties, as the other worked to rewind the video a bit— Stopping at the moment where Emmett’s bladder broke apart and began to erupt. His expression underwent an immediate transformation from flushed, tense nervousness to relaxed, blissed-out ecstasy as his pee forcefully blasted out.

A finger rubbed cautiously against the edges of her vagina, slipping inside and becoming wet. The new jolts of pleasure made her legs tremble. “Nnnh…” she grunted, blushing and moving her hand slightly to locate a small, swollen nub. She rubbed tiny circles around it, a pressure building up inside her. She was getting so hot, so worked up, and Emmett hadn’t even needed to take off his clothes or actually show his dick to create the best possible video for her.

Sensing herself getting close, she started to caress herself faster and harder, her fingertips grinding atop her clitoris so fiercely that she thought she’d burst. Every time Emmett’s stream hissed, she’d go faster and faster and fast—

The door to her room cracked open, “Nova?” her Dad said loudly into the dark. “Time to get up for school.”

Nova laid there, frozen in bed. The arousal she’d been flooded with very quickly faded away, the orgasm she’d been at the edge of failing to materialize as she panicked and hit the button to turn her phone’s screen off. It was dark in her room, the blackout curtains keeping out the morning sun, and her hand was blocked by the heavy comforter on her bed. Still, she felt like her Dad had XRAY vision and could tell exactly where it was, could see the sweaty, flushed look on her face, knew PRECISELY what she’d been up to before he’d opened the door.

Somehow, she thought, he’d even figured out WHAT she’d been watching that had gotten her in such a state.

“Y—Yes, Dad!” she said. She turned on the lamp, but didn’t move to get up yet, worried she’d gotten the sheets damp enough to be noticeable. She waited for him to leave, then got out of bed. ‘Well, that sucked,’ she thought. ‘I was so freaking close. Why didn’t I lock the door? Emmett just made me go crazy!’ She paused. ‘And… HE’S probably going crazy right now waiting for you to respond to that video.’

She opened her phone again and tried to think of the proper reply. She didn’t want to come on too strongly, so ‘That was the cutest, hottest thing I’ve ever seen, please send more like that!’ wouldn’t be the best choice. She knew he didn’t like to be teased and would likely take it the wrong way if she said ‘Oh wow, you really needed to pee! Make sure you go before recording a message next time!’

She spent way too long trying to decide on what to say, by the time she started actually typing her Dad was checking on her again. “Nova,” he said, voice more firm than before. “Get dressed. You’re going to be late.”

Nova sighed, picked out some clothes and went into the restroom. She took off her night-gown and changed, before taking several minutes to type out; “Thank you so much for this video. You look very cute here. I’m glad you are getting used to the things I like, that means a lot. And I’m happy you felt comfortable enough to record yourself doing that and send it to me.”

Finally, a thudding in her bladder reminded her that she’d been so fascinated by Emmett peeing that she’d neglected to do it herself yet today. The organ was stretched and more than a little uncomfortable after not being emptied all night. She turned to the toilet and pulled down her panties. She tucked her hands beneath her skirt and positioned them, telling her body to relax.

Her stream sprayed out in a nice arc, hissing loudly into the bowl and causing the water to ripple and bubble. Somehow, it was not until she’d actually STARTED to pee that she realized how much she’d been needing to do so. There was such an amazing, pleasant sensation of ‘shrinking’ taking place inside her abdomen now, pressure slowly dwindling and making her feel a lot more relaxed. “Ahhh…”

There was a knocking on the door, and her Mother’s voice telling her that the bus was nearly there. Nova jumped and lost control of her stream, some of it spattering the floor between her feet before she was able to clench off her flow. Her bladder, angered at having its release cut short, pumped out a protesting spurt to roll down one of her legs. “J—Just a minute!” Nova called, panicked. She hurriedly grabbed a wad of toilet paper and knelt down to clean the small puddle off of the ground. Her still upset, still full bladder protested against the painful position, and she ended up having to sit down all the way so one foot was tucked underneath her body and acting as a bit of a dam against her thundering need.

“Hurry up,” her Mom said. “Your Father and I can’t drive you today.”

Nova grimaced, dabbing away the last of the spill. The floor was clean and dry again, but her bladder was brimming and she just HAD to let it finish draining before she left— This was the kind of day where she really wished she’d gotten her license already. She tossed the toilet paper into the toilet. “Just a minute!” she repeated. “I still need to—“

“You can go at school,” her Mom interrupted. “Hurry.”

Nova wanted to protest, stopping in the middle of a pee was agonizing! She felt like she had to go way worse than she’d needed to before she’d even let go of anything! It felt like some of her urine was already out of her bladder, barely being retained in that tiny space between it and her opening. When she walked the few steps to the sink, a little dribble went down her leg. She couldn’t get on the bus like this! “I— I can’t,” she said. “It’s an emergency.”

“It’s a really short ride,” Mom said. “I’m very sorry, but you NEED to leave now.”

Nova flinched and made herself exit the restroom, ignoring the confused, rage-filled screams from inside her body. She trudged to the bus stop outside her house on shaking legs, taking careful steps as she struggled not to let the over-full cup within her abdomen tilt and spill all over her. Frustration built when she realized that TWO forms of release had been interrupted for her this morning. She hadn’t been able to climax watching Emmett’s video, and she hadn’t be able to completely empty her bladder. How was THAT fair? She should have at least been allowed to finish one of them!

There were bushes in front of her house. Dad always forgot to water them, so they looked a little brown. Nova could help them out right now. She’d peed on bushes before, no big deal. If one of her parents saw her ‘use’ them out the window, that would be really hard to explain though. She bounced and swayed indecisively. If she did it standing up, what were the odds they’d even GUESS that she was peeing? They had no idea that she could urinate that way. So, even if they saw the stream pouring out, they’d assume she was emptying a bottle, right?  Yeah, probably. She approached the bush, her back facing her house, and started to lower her underwear again, bladder trembling with anticipation. But, before she could get in the right position, the bus was coming around the corner. She knew there was no way she’d be able to start peeing and finish up before it reached the stop, so she forced herself to pull her panties back up and jiggled between her feet while the bus slowed in front of her.

She got on, and the high steps she had to take to enter were brutal on her bladder. Lifting her legs so much caused it to stretch out, her skin pulling so tight that it hurt. She even considered asking the driver if he could please, please wait out here for a minute while she ran back inside and peed— She didn’t think she could make it to school!

But, of course, she knew that wasn’t an option. The school bus had a very specific schedule, and there wasn’t anything she could do about that. She forced herself to walk down the aisle, her feet dragging now as the impact of taking REAL steps shook his bladder too much. She found Shelby and Emmett near the back and sat beside them.

Shelby snorted at the sight of her, and Nova grew concerned that her desperation was obvious. She looked down, afraid that she’d started to clutch herself without realizing it. She hadn’t. “Wha—What?” she asked.

“Pfft, when you called him this morning,” Shelby laughed. “He says he was, like, just about to piss and it was too late for him to go back to holding it.”

“Y—You can’t stop it once you’ve told yourself to go!” Emmett stammered, red in the face. “It’s impossible!”

Nova winced, she knew THAT a little too well this morning. But… “C—Called h—“

“Yeah,” Emmett said. “Earlier this morning. Remember? When I was… Um… Telling you I don’t mind that you told me how… How you’re scared of wasps during the field trip! And— And then I couldn’t hold it— I’m still REALLY sorry about that, it was so embarrassing.”

“Ohhh,” Nova said. So, Shelby had heard him when he’d been filming the video, then. She was glad he hadn’t gotten TOO specific with anything he’d said. “Oh, right. That. Well, it’s okay. I’m sorry I called when you were trying to pee.”

“That’s fine…” Emmett squeaked out.

The bus started to move again, rocking Nova’s bladder and causing her to bite back against a pained groan.

“B—By the way,” Emmett whispered to her. “There’s something else I wanted to talk to you about later.”

 Nova nodded. She didn’t feel too nervous— He’d sent her that video, which was a very obvious indication that he still loved her and didn’t view her any differently now. She was curious, however. She tried to focus herself on that curiosity, rather than on the pain and fullness rippling in waves through her lower half.

It worked for a bit, but not for long. The bumps in the road were agonizing, and she scissored her legs like crazy every time they went over one. She kept looking out the window, trying to remind herself that this wasn’t a long drive and she’d be able to go very soon. Her bladder surged and shrieked that it wasn’t going to be soon enough.

“Nnnnh, I need to freaking PISS,” Shelby muttered suddenly.

“You just went,” Emmett told her. “Remember?”

“Yeah, and then I had two glasses of water,” Shelby said. “I gotta go again.”

“I need to go too,” Nova admitted. “I didn’t have time to before school because I was… Busy with something.”

“Man, that sucks,” Shelby said. “Must be super uncomfortable now, huh?”

“Yeah…” Nova agreed. ‘Super uncomfortable’ was one way to describe it. ‘About to be ripped in half by the sheer force of the boiling piss inside her’ was another, better way though. Now that the others knew she had to go, she allowed her hand to press itself between her fidgeting legs.

“O—Oh,” Emmett said. “Well, we can wait until lunch to talk then, or… Or just… Whenever. If there’s still time before school after you’re… Done.”

Nova watched him fidget and wondered if HE needed a pee right now too— Although, she’d seen how much he’d let out just an hour ago, it was hard to believe he could be full again. But, SOMETHING was obviously making him feel even more anxious than usual. He stumbled over his words and wriggled around a LOT, but never to this extent.

“Yeah, whenever you wanna talk, it’s fine,” Nova said. “I’m definitely gonna need to use the restroom as soon as we’re there, though.”

They made it to school, and Nova gingerly and very carefully got onto her feet. Still, the impact was vicious enough for her bladder to surge, and the cup she’d been carefully balancing for all this time tilted a little too far in one direction— A stream flowed forth and warmed her crotch, she dug her hands tightly against herself and bounced in place, begging for it to stop. After four seconds of serious relief being overpowered by utter horror, she managed to cut off the flow again. But her bladder kept cramping, squeezing in on itself as her muscles fought against her, desperate to spray out all of her pee.

Her breaths came in short panicked gasps as she fought her way off the bus. She was on borrowed time now, and she knew it. She had to get to the closest toilet NOW, or else she was going to totally drench herself right here in front of the school. ‘Come on…’ she pleaded with herself. ‘You’re really close. Not much further.’

Her bladder didn’t seem to believe her, and she found herself involuntarily crouching a few steps from the front door, ankles crossed awkwardly, fighting for control. For a moment, she couldn’t do anything aside from scrunching up there and holding herself for dear life when another spurt erupted.

Emmett was beside her, as was Shelby. “Are you alright?” Emmett asked her.

Finally, the spasm faded and she was able to unwrap herself from the knot she’d tied herself up in. She forced her way through the door. “F—Fine,” she promised. “Just— Gah, I’m never skipping my morning pee again…”

“Good,” Shelby said. “Now, come on, I gotta go too, remember?”

Nova didn’t think it looked like Shelby had to go that much, but she wouldn’t mind the company anyway. The nearest women’s restroom was really close to the entrance, and Nova inched down the hallway towards it, mind filling with fantasies of finally letting go and being able to release every last drop from her bladder, at last being free from all the pressure.

Enticed by her thoughts, her bladder squished down as hard as it could and before she knew it, she was doubling over again, her hands feeling warm as another drizzle escaped her. She was squeezing herself so tightly, but could still feel the pee forcing its way down. ‘Almost there, so close, don’t lose it now…’ she begged herself.

“Come on,” Shelby said from beside her. “You can do it. We’re almost there.” And before Nova could say anything, Shelby was gripping her elbow and walking with her the last several feet.

The restroom was crowded before school, but thank God most of the girls were just there to talk rather than pee. There were still stalls available, free to use. No more waiting. She dashed into one and locked it, jumping in place as she turned to face the toilet she needed so, so badly…

She was at school, so she should sit— In the stall next to hers she could see Shelby was pulling her pants down all the way and starting to sit, so Nova should as well and— Ahhh, she could hear streams flowing into some of the other toilets. And, unlike the hiss of Emmett’s spray this morning, the trickles in here didn’t excite Nova at all, just made her tense her thighs up and struggle to yank her underwear down fast enough, and— And it was coming out! Nonononono! No time left, it was happening!

She just positioned her hands like she had earlier, and aimed her stream for the toilet. Urine gushed out of her body stronger than she’d ever seen before, and she let herself relax now that it was hitting the right target. “Ahhhhh…”

But, she was standing to pee while at school, and lots of other girls were by the mirrors. She doubted if any of them were too interested in what anybody was doing in the toilet stalls, but it would only take ONE girl to notice and make a comment like “Um… Is she standing up?” for ALL of them to look and start wondering. What if that ended up happening, and then they started spreading rumors, and—

God… Nova could hardly care enough to worry about that right now. It just felt… It felt so good to let go… All she wanted to focus on was the magnificent feelings of her release. She must have peed for minutes, relief pouring over her in waves. When she was finally done, she was a little afraid to move, in case there was actually MORE in there that she couldn’t feel. Finally, she was satisfied that she really WAS empty, so she pulled up her panties and left the stall.

At the sinks, she was glancing at the other girls a little too much, searching for any sign that one of them had noticed— A furrowed brow, a confused look, staring… But, there was nothing. No one had been looking closely enough this time, and hopefully Nova would be able to take her morning pee at HOME from now on and there wouldn’t have to BE a ‘next time’.

***

Feeling much, MUCH better, Nova found Emmett near the restrooms. “Hey,” she said.

Emmett tucked his phone into his pocket, rubbed his hands overtop of his thighs anxiously. “Uh— H—Hi,” he said. “Feeling okay now?”

“Yeah,” Nova said. “What did you want to talk to me about?”

Emmett nervously looked around the hallway. “There’s… People here… Um, let’s go. Out back.” He started to walk towards the rear exit. Nova followed him curiously.

Once outside, Emmett stayed quiet. A few times, he opened his mouth, started to say something, then closed it again.

“Emmett, what’s the matter?” Nova asked him. “I DID really like the video this morning, if that’s what you’re worried about. It was very sweet, and I’m happy you sent it.”

“That’s not…” Emmett ran a hand through his hair. “It’s… Okay, I wanted to— Dad and Shelby are gonna be— Right. Shelby, she’s doing some gaming tournament thing this weekend and Dad’s going with her.”

“Okay…?”

“So… I’m going to be— The only one at the house for a couple days, and… I thought… That… Since I’ll be alone, and… And stuff… If— You want to, like, watch me hold it, and then see me pee, right? That’s what you like? B—Because, I’m really okay with doing those things for you! B—But, I don’t wanna wet myself on purpose, o—or go on you, or have you go on me, or drink it, or—“

“Emmett, what are you talking about?”

“I read some stuff last night, this… Thing. It’s like a kink, right? And, I read some of the stuff people with that kink like to do, and I’m okay doing some of them with you, but some of them I know I won’t like, and I was worried— You’d want someone who’d be willing to do ALL that stuff, and would be into it, and—“

“Emmett, calm down,” Nova said. “You don’t HAVE to do anything with this at all,” she promised him.

“I… Want to,” Emmett said. “I want to do a little of it for you, just the parts I’m comfortable with though.”

“And I’m happy that you are,” Nova said. “And, just for the record, I don’t think I like ALL of those things, either. I just like to see you get squirmy and I like to watch you go because it’s cute. That’s all.”

“Oh…” Emmett said.

“Now, what were you trying to say about this weekend?”

“Just… That I’m going to be home alone, and so if you wanted to come over and… Try stuff, you know, privately…”

Nova blushed. “O—Oh…” she said. She wanted to. Badly. But… She’d never… She lowered her voice, even though they were alone out there. “Do you think we’re, y’know, ready?”

“I think so,” Emmett said. “I mean, I’ve done it before lots of times, after all. Well, not on purpose, but—“

“What? When? Who with? Wait— What do you mean ‘not on purpose’?”

Emmett realized there had been a miscommunication and his face reddened. “I— I meant I’d… Like, drink a lot of water and then hold it as long as I can while you watch,” he said.

“Ohhhh.”

Silence fell.

“But… The… Other thing. Um… Do YOU think we’re ready to do that?”

Nova thought about it. She definitely WANTED her first time to be with him. She wanted to marry him one day, maybe have kids. She loved him. She thought about him all the time and it made her feel warm and safe. “Um… I…”

“It’s a big step,” Emmett said. “And… Risks.”

“I take birth control pills,” Nova said. “To help with cramps, but if we’re going to do that, it’s good I’m already taking them.”

“I could also, you know, get… Stuff. Couldn’t hurt to use both, right?” Emmett said. “Ah, what if I do it wrong, though? What if I hurt you?”

“I can just tell you if I want something to stop,” Nova said. “You’re good at listening. I… I trust you. You won’t make me do something I don’t want to. A—And I won’t make YOU do anything you don’t want to. If you’re not ready for this, that’s fine.”

“I want to…” Emmett said. “I’ve been thinking about it a lot. I sort of had a dream about us… Doing stuff last night, actually.”

“Oh…”

“But, what if it changes everything?” Emmett asked. “Or— Or what if it changes NOTHING because it turns out I’m super boring in bed, or—“

“It will probably change stuff,” Nova said. “At least a little. But, I think it will change things in a GOOD way, right?”

“I hope so…” Emmett said. “It’s— I’m excited and nervous at the same time. It feels weird.”

“Me too,” Nova said. “For now, let’s just say that I’ll… I’ll come over on Saturday. And then whatever happens— Happens. We don’t have to promise we’ll do anything big.”

Emmett exhaled. “R—Right, let’s just see how it goes.”

***

Nova was anxious for the rest of the week, frightened she’d do something WRONG on Saturday and ruin everything. For as much as she’d tried to assuage Emmett’s worries, her own were just as strong.

What if it DID change everything, and what if it changed everything in a BAD way?

When she wasn’t focusing on being stressed about the whole thing, she found herself fantasizing. She imagined herself and Emmett sitting on the couch on Saturday, watching TV alone. She’d be in a tank top and skirt, he’d be shirtless and wearing nothing but his boxers.

And they’d both be squirming, desperate for a pee…

“Ohhh, I have to go so bad,” Nova would moan out.

“Yeah, I’m about to burst,” Emmett would agree, putting the TV on mute and looking at her. “Feels like it’s about to all come rushing out before I can even stop it! We should both go NOW, shouldn’t we?”

Nova would shake her head. “Oh, no.” Then she’d scoot closer to him, pushing their noses together as she gazed into his wide, frantic eyes— a mirror of her own. “I think we can hold it a little longer, can’t we?”

After kissing his cheek, Nova would crawl into his lap ‘accidentally’ pressing her foot into his bladder and making him shudder with the need for relief. Emmett would get back at her, however, shoving a finger into her lower stomach. “Oooohh…” Nova would whimper while her urgency spiked, shimming her hips against him needfully. “I’m going to explode if you keep pressing there…”

“Uh oh,” Emmett would say, cupping a hand over her bladder— Which would be so full that it was swollen, looking like a grapefruit trapped within her soft flesh. Then, he’d press down on her. “Wouldn’t want that to happen,” he’d tease.

“Ahhhnnnn!” Nova would cry, ripples of urgency surging through her. “It’s gonna come out!” And then she’d give him a tight hug, one that would only succeed in squeezing the walls of his own overburdened bladder.

“St—Stop!” Emmett would whine. “You’re gonna make me pee!”

Nova would withdraw from him then, and stand up. She’d pull down her skirt, revealing her lower body and allowing him to gaze at her as she bounced in place, fighting to withstand the pressure of her full bladder. She’d let him place his hands onto her thighs, giving them a firm squeeze. Then, he’d let go of her so he could pull his boxers down and unveil his cock.

Nova wasn’t exactly sure what Emmett’s dick looked like when it was hard— She’d so far only seen it flaccid— but in her fantasy she imagined it being impressively long, straining and twitching, both with desire for her and the need to release gallons of pent-up urine. He’d squirm and buck his hips from two kinds of desperation.

With both of them bottomless, she would sit down in his lap again, so that his cock was nestled between her legs, taunting her entrance. Emmett would moan then, eager for more, he’d move his hips up and down to allow his cock to tease her further, and then he’d be inside of her, filling her up, making her bladder feel like it was being popped, and—

“Ohhhh…” Nova murmured as the fantasy rolling inside her imagination came to a very abrupt stop. She returned to her present situation, laying in bed on Friday night, trying to sleep as the nerves about tomorrow pinged through her. Had she seriously just fantasized about them having their first time together while dying for a piss?

And had that really turned her on even more than any other fantasy she’d ever had?

She looked down, realizing she’d begun to rub away at herself as she’d been fantasizing.

What would sex feel like? Would it feel like her hand did? Better? Worse?

What would sex feel like if she was bursting for a pee the entire time?

She tried to push the idea from her mind— Emmett probably wouldn’t want their first time to be like THAT at all. She needed to stop thinking about that!

But, she couldn’t.

And it was becoming a real problem since she was never going to get to sleep when she felt this turned on.

Maybe he WOULD be willing to try it, though? He said he wouldn’t mind a FEW things…

But, when she thought it over, she could only imagine one possible outcome if she asked him.

“Okay, Emmett!” she’d start out, smiling broadly and lowering the sleeve of her shirt in a way she’d hope would look alluring. “I’m super excited to have sex today! By the way, I’d like it even better if we both really, really, really needed to pee the entire time! What do you think?”

After that, there would be a very long, awkward silence. After which Emmett would shake his head and suggest that they try this again another day when Nova was in a better frame of mind.

‘No,’ Nova scolded herself. ‘He SAID he’s okay with trying things for you. The worst he can say is “No, I don’t want our first time having sex to be while we’re desperate to pee.” He’s not going to shut you out just because you asked.’

Or at least, she hoped not.

***

When Emmett answered the door for Nova the next day, he looked uncomfortable, rocking between his feet and blushing.

She picked up on his nerves immediately, “If you’re not ready, just remember, we don’t HAVE to do it today.”

Emmett shut the door behind her. “That’s not the main reason I’m…” he kept swaying. “Um… Remember, I said I’d be okay with… With holding it for you today?” he asked. “I sort of already got started…”

Nova stared. “Oh…” Emmett was just such a fidgety person—always bouncing, jiggling or squirming something— that sometimes it wasn’t so easy to tell when he had to pee. He was restless even when his bladder was empty! “Heh… Well, you look cute, then.”

“Th—Thank you…” Emmett said. “I had two glasses of water so far, drank them really fast. I think if I drink faster, it makes me need to go sooner, because I just went, like, an hour ago and I’m— I’ve gotta pee BAD right now. So, enjoy it. Not sure how long I’ll be able to keep it in, sorry. But, I mean, I can hold it a FEW times while we’re together if you want me to, so—“

“Calm down,” Nova said. “Just, try to relax.”

“If I relax right now, I’ll burst,” Emmett informed, continuing to bounce up and down so fast he looked blurry. “A—And that’s another thing, actually. I’ve noticed that when I get super nervous, it makes me have to pee more. And I’m REALLY nervous right now.”

“W—Well, I guess that means you have a really big, strong bladder, huh?” Nova asked awkwardly. “Because, with as often as you get nervous, I’m surprised you don’t have to use the toilet every half hour!”

“Eheh…” Emmett tapped his hands against his thighs. “Yeah… I guess so… I— Ah—“ he crouched down a little. “O—Okay, ready to watch me pee? I gotta do it NOW.”

Nova blushed and followed after him when he rant to the bathroom without waiting for an answer. She found him already at the toilet, shifting around frantically as he lifted the seat up. He anxiously palmed his zipper, hips hitching. “Got a good view from there?” he asked. “I— Gah! It’s gonna come out…”

Jeez… THAT sentence, why did it turn Nova on so much!? “Yeah, go ahead!” she said. “Poor thing, just relax!”

Emmett yanked down his zipper and freed his cock. Nova stared at it for a beat. That thing was probably going to be inside of her at some point today. It was soft, but it was still… Big. Or at least, she THOUGHT it was big. She didn’t have any other ones to compare it to. What if it was TOO big? What if it hurt? Or… Or didn’t fit? Was that possible?

Her thoughts were interrupted when a gush of urine sprayed from Emmett’s tip, loudly splashing into the water as he sighed out happily. “Ahhhhh….”

Nova’s gaze flicked back up to his face. His precious, adorable, oh-so-relieved face. For the first times since she’d arrived, he actually looked content and comfortable.

Peeing was one of the few times Emmett didn’t look anxious, and Nova relished those moments.

Emmett finished up a minute later, sighing again. “Okay… Okay… Okay…” he panted out. “That’s better… Sorry, I wanted to hold it more for you, but I just—“

“It’s alright,” Nova told him. “Like you said, you can hold it more than once if you want.”

Emmett exhaled another long breath, “Hahh, thank you…” he went to the sink and started to wash his hands.

THIS was something Nova DIDN’T like to watch. She enjoyed watching him pee because it made him look relaxed and happy. She didn’t enjoy watching him wash his hands because it made him look the complete OPPOSITE of relaxed. The way he did it was just… Not good. He cranked the water on as hot as it would go, so much that his skin would scorch pink, and then he’d rub soap into them viciously, wash away the soap, then put on MORE, wash that away, then do it a THIRD time.

It was always, ALWAYS three times, and his eyebrows would knit together, his jaw would tense, sometimes he’d whimper from the heat of the water, or from re-opening a cut in his cracked, dry hands, or from soap getting into one of those cuts.

It wasn’t a pretty sight.

Emmett PEEING was a pretty sight.

Sometimes, Nova would encourage him to stop abusing his hands, remind him that cold water was fine to use and that his hands were perfectly clean after just ONE rinse cycle. But, this was a comfort thing for him, it helped chase away anxious thoughts— just not in a healthy way— he probably NEEDED his various comfort rituals pretty badly today.

Still, once he’d finished she put a hand to his arm and said “Next time, let’s try to use the soap just ONCE, okay?”

“O—Okay,” he said. He seemed slightly calmer now, whether that was because he’d peed or because he’d performed one of his rituals Nova wasn’t sure.

Nova watched Emmett drink another glass of water, reminding him he didn’t HAVE to do this if he didn’t like it.

“I want to,” Emmett promised. “Just gonna pace it slower this time, I think I just overdid it earlier.”

“Okay,” Nova said. She poured herself a glass as well. Then, once that one was empty, she got another.

And another.

She was a little fidgety about an hour later when she and Emmett were on the couch together. It was sort of like the beginning of her earlier fantasy, except neither one of them was quite THAT desperate yet.

“S—Sooo…” Emmett started awkwardly. “If we decide to… You know, do it today? You’ve been taking the pills, right?”

“Yeah,” Nova said.

“Same time each day? I think I heard that’s important.”

Nova nodded. “I have.”

“Good, good… I…” Emmett stood up, went to his bedroom. He came back with a shopping bag and poured the contents onto the coffee table. “I got these…”

Nova stared. Five boxes of condoms of varying textures… And a rubber tomato. “Um…”

Emmett picked up the condoms. “I— I wasn’t sure what kind to get!” he explained. “Some of them said they were ‘ribbed’, and some are ‘studded’, or ‘lubricated’ or ‘warming’… And, I never actually LOOKED at them before, so I didn’t know which was right!”

“And… And the tomato?”

“I was embarrassed just bringing a bunch of condoms to the register at the pharmacy,” Emmett explained. “So, I got a dog toy too.”

Nova went quiet. She didn’t want to explain to him that now the cashier probably thought he was going to do a lot of really weird, unspeakable things with a squeaky, rubber tomato. “Well, at least you’re prepared,” she said.

“Y—Yeah…”

“I kind of wanted to… Suggest something, though,” Nova said.

“Oh, are none of these the right kind?” Emmett asked. “I could go back to the store, and—“

“No, that’s not it, don’t worry,” Nova said. “These are fine. Everything is fine. I just…” tapping her fingertips over her knees, Nova forced herself to continue. “I… Was thinking…” she said, struggling to look him in the eyes. “About something I might like to try today.”

“What?”

“I thought it would be fun if… If we did it while we both really had to…”

“You want me to… To have to ‘go’ while we have sex?” Emmett interrupted.

“I want to be holding it, too,” Nova said. “And— And we don’t HAVE to do anything like that if you don’t want to!” She covered her face up. “Guh, I must sound like a total weirdo, right?”

“No,” Emmett assured immediately, instinctively pulling her into a hug. “You’re not a weirdo, I promise. This is… Unusual, but that doesn’t mean there’s something wrong with it, or wrong with YOU.” His hand trailed down her body and he could feel her shuddering, knew she was trying not to cry for fear of making this moment more awkward than it already was. He felt terrible for her as he realized how confused her uncommon desires made her feel. “Besides, if you’re a weirdo, then I am too.”

Nova backed away from him to stare into his eyes. “Huh?” she asked.

“The other night, before I sent you that video, I had… I had this dream. I couldn’t find a toilet and I really needed to go, so you helped me find one. Then you aimed for me while I went, and you… Touched me a lot. And, I felt so good about turning you on like that, that I ended up— I ended up making a mess in the sheets.”

“You wet yourse—“

“Not with pee,” Emmett interrupted. “I— I think a part of me really LIKES that I can get you so excited with something so simple.” His shaking hands moved away from Nova and went to adjust his zipper slightly. His breath hitched. “So, if you want to do this while we’re desperate, I guess we could try it…”

“Really!?” Nova exclaimed, staring at him in shock.

“I think so…” Emmett said. “I’m just nervous, because what if— What if one of us CAN’T hold it?”

“Can you even pee if your thing’s hard?” Nova asked. “I thought I’d heard that was really difficult.”

Emmett shrugged, blushing. There had been a few mornings where he’d had to wait for his body to settle down before he could pee. “I— It’s not easy to. But, it’s possible.”

“I guess that’s a risk…” Nova said. “If you don’t WANT to—“

“I…” Emmett started. “I could stand to take a few more risks, I guess.”

“Seriously?” Nova asked, her body shaking as she smiled.

“Yep, seriously,” Emmett said. “Let’s go have a little more water.”

“Y—Yes, let’s!” Nova agreed, mashing her hands into fists over and over as she tried to regain some control over herself. “Let’s do it!”

They both chugged a couple more glasses of water, then went to Emmett’s room to sit down on the bed together. After a few minutes, Emmett timidly leaned forward and kissed her, his lips pressing against hers. She could feel a bit of tension in his jaw and pulled back. “Don’t be nervous, you’re a good kisser, I promise…”

“I’m… I’m not clenching up just because I’m nervous…” he said, pushing their lips together once more. Nova’s eyes went wide— That water was hitting him already? She felt a bit of pressure inside her own bladder as well, felt that it was building up quite rapidly. The two remained gentle with one another, pecking softly. Then, they started to run their hands down one another’s backs.

Minutes passed in this fashion, cuddling and kissing, becoming more disheveled in appearance as their bladders quickly became impossible to ignore. Nova let out an amused, hysterical sound into one of their kisses, “I feel like I’m going to burst.”

Emmett’s hand had been pressing into his lap for quite some time by then. “M—Me too,” he said.

The desperate flinches inside Nova’s abdomen and the pressure that was growing way too quickly was causing her to feel frantic with need. She gripped tightly to Emmett’s sleeve as the next earthquake of a spasm shook the walls of her bladder, stronger now thanks to Emmett’s own admission of desperation.

Emmett kept holding her, his hands careful to stay above her stomach to avoid adding more pressure to her bladder. “You can put your hand lower,” she told him.

Emmett awkwardly moved his hands further down her body until he was resting them atop her bladder region. He did this very gently, his fingers and palms just barely brushing over her sensitive skin.

“C—Could you try pressing?” Nova asked.

“I don’t want to hurt—“

“I’ll tell you when to stop,” Nova promised.

“O—Okay…” Emmett started to trace tiny patterns overtop of Nova’s taut skin. His eyes were going wide as he realized he could actually FEEL how swollen her bladder had gotten from all the water. “I—Is this—“

“Keep going,” Nova said, twisting her legs together urgently and bouncing. “I—It feels…” How DID it feel? Being prodded there made her feel more desperate, that was for sure. It made her bladder feel like it was being worked through a mixing machine. But, it also made her feel intensely curious, intrigued by how her body would react to different kinds of stimulation there. “I want you to keep going,” she repeated.

Emmett did, circling the bulge beneath Nova’s navel before hesitantly pressing the full weight of his hand into it.

“Ah—!” Nova flinched involuntarily as oceans collided inside her, her bladder roaring with furious need and trying hard to pump some of its liquid out.

Emmett immediately drew his hand away. “Too much?” he asked.

“Nah—No,” Nova promised. “Just— Just surprised me, do it some more.”

Emmett didn’t squeeze down on her like that again, instead just lightly stroking the hard curve of her straining bladder. It felt hard and round, like a tennis ball.

“Nnnnh,” Nova’s body snapped backwards to escape the pressure of her boyfriend’s hand, and Emmett let go of her again. Nova kept squirming, because even without Emmett pushing on her her bladder still felt overburdened and urgent, contracting in on itself again and again while her muscles begged for permission to go slack.

“Y—You okay?” Emmett asked, nervous.

“I’m fine, Emmett… Thank you for doing this…” Nova murmured to him, voice shaking from desire and need. “It means a lot that you’re willing to try.”

“Eheh… Well…” Emmett said. “I… I like making you happy.”

“Could I… Can I push on you at all?” Nova asked.

Emmett didn’t answer for a moment. “Um… Alright. But, only a little.”

Nova eagerly reached out and placed a hand against Emmett’s lower stomach. She was surprised and amazingly turned on by the rock-hard swell beneath her palm. His bladder was as hard as stone, brimming with urine. The distended bump trembled and stretched below Emmett’s skin.

Emmett made a pained noise, cringing backwards and twisting his legs over each other before suddenly shooting up to his feet, doubling over and gripping himself. “Ahh—!!”

“Too much?!” Nova asked. “Did I hurt you?!”

“Nnnh… No, you didn’t hurt me,” Emmett assured. “But— Gah! Some almost came out!”

Nova blushed hard. “Y—You need it that badly?”

“Don’t you?” Emmett asked, sitting back down.

“Yeah… Almost leaked when you squeezed me a minute ago,” Nova admitted. “Did you… Want to stop?”

“No,” Emmett said. “But, uh, we might want to move things along a little faster now. I don’t think there’s much time left before I start… Having a problem. Uh, you ready?”

“Yeah, I’m— I’m ready,” Nova said. “Could you… I want you to take my clothes off.”

“Oh? Um… I could do that,” Emmett said. They stood, and he reached his hands beneath Nova’s skirt, fingers hooking the waistline of her panties, slipping them down her legs until they fell to the floor. He felt his chest clenching as he gripped the sides of the skirt, pulling it down as well to reveal what was beneath it.

Emmett’s heart pounded as he looked at the sight in front of him. A smooth surface of flesh with a number of small folds and creases. Her lips had spread slightly to show some of the lighter flesh within alongside the small round bump at the top, throbbing a bit before Emmett’s eyes. His gaze traveled all over Nova’s body.

“Uh—Um… Y— You look…” Emmett stammered. “I— Can I touch you?”

“Sure,” Nova said.

“Th—Thanks,” Emmett said. Trembling, he moved to rub his fingers along Nova’s outer labia.

“Mmmmnnnn…” Nova moaned, her legs trembling as the stimulation caused her clit to throb and her bladder to shudder. It was such a curious feeling; intense arousal mixing with an unfathomably intense need to urinate. Emmett continuing to slide his finger up and down her sensitive area made it all the more difficult to keep her holding muscles clenched— But, instead of panic, it was excitement she felt when she realized exactly how hard holding it in was about to become. “Ooooh….”

Emmett dropped his hand, making her whimper from the loss of stimulation. She watched as his hand went to his zipper, and he took a deep breath as he yanked it down, unbuttoning his pants. Immediately, he was jiggling more where he stood. “Nnnh, hearing my zipper move made me have to go worse…” he mumbled, pushing his pants off the rest of the way.

Nova took in a sharp intake of breath as Emmett removed his boxers, exposing his lower half completely.

In spite of the nervous tingles rushing through him, Emmett tried to look confident. “Is— How’s this?” he asked.

“I love it!” Nova announced. Her eyes shot downwards, taking in the sight of his cock. “Oh, it’s twitching— Is that because it’s happy to see me, or because it’s holding back all your pee?”

Emmett’s eyes widened, prompting Nova to wince. “Oh, that was weird, wasn’t it?”

“A bit,” Emmett admitted. “Not too bad, though. And… I’m going to say it’s a little bit of both— Probably more the first thing, though.” He’d actually been a tad worried that it would be difficult to get hard when his bladder was achingly full, but he already had a semi just from seeing and touching Nova’s body, so he knew now it wouldn’t be an issue after all. He took off his shirt next. “I— I know I’m not super buff or anything, but…”

“You look great,” Nova promised him. His skinny arms and slim stomach appeared breathtaking to her— But that wasn’t the best part. With all his skin exposed, Nova could clearly see the enraged swell of pee straining in his lower abdomen. She had to force herself to look away from it, to look him in the eyes instead.

“How’s this?” she asked, removing her own shirt and bra. She’d never thought her breasts were that impressive, they weren’t very big, but they weren’t tiny either. They were just… Average, nothing special about them. A slight curve on the underside of each mound, barely sticking out past her skinny stomach. Her bladder was still causing her to bob in place, and she didn’t notice the way her breasts were bouncing and inadvertently giving Emmett a show.

“Wow…” Emmett breathed out. “That’s… I like it,” he said. “Come… Come here… I…”

Nova stepped closer, and Emmett pulled her into a hug. Both of them let out whimpers at the same time, because now their bladders were squeezing together, the swells coming into contact and rubbing against one another. They kissed again, Emmett’s tongue caressing the top of Nova’s with just the smallest bit of pressure.   Nova could feel her nipples getting harder, a tingle running down her spine and pooling inside her loins when Emmett pulled back. “Can I touch—“

“You can touch anywhere,” Nova interrupted him, and Emmett’s hand started to caress just above her left breast. While his touches had felt confident and self-assured at first, he stayed stuck right at the edge of the breast, fearful of if it was really okay to go further or not. Nova grasped his hand and directed it down so that he was now cupping the entire thing. He gently squeezed there, eliciting a small whimper from her lips, shockwaves flowing out from beneath his touch and moving through her entire body. “Harder…”

“I don’t want to hurt—“

“You won’t,” Nova promised. “If I want you to stop, I’ll tell you. For now, just… Ahhhnnn—!!“ her explanation was cut off by a moan when Emmett squeezed her tighter. The touch and pressure made her hips twitch even more than her bladder already was. “Y—Yes, like that!” With that encouragement, his grip became even more firm, pulling on the nipple slightly. “You can use your mouth too if you want…”

Emmett was confused for a moment, then figured it out. His hand dropped from her breast and his mouth took its spot, his tongue caressing against her nipple slowly. “Hnnn, yeah…” Nova moaned. “Th—That’s good, keep doing that…” She heard a soft whimper exhale from his lips, which brought a tiny vibration against her nipple and added to the ecstasy she was feeling, but… “Wh—What’s wrong?”

Emmett moved his lips away from her body just long enough to say “I’m sorry— I have to go super badly right now.”

Nova’s heartbeat ramped up at hearing those words. She hadn’t noticed it, being so focused on the feelings of Emmett’s tongue over her nipple, but her legs had crossed back together. And now that she’d been brought closer back to reality, she was very aware of the ever-present throb within her bladder— It felt like every breath she took in was inflating it. The feeling was intense! “G—Get one of the condoms,” she said. “Since you got SO many.”

“I— I wanted to get the right kind!“ Emmett went to the nightstand and opened one of the boxes at random, pulling one out. He opened it carefully and rolled it down his hard shaft. He felt very strange— On the one hand, he needed a pee so badly that he was starting to get dizzy, but on the other he was fizzing with so much excitement that he could barely breathe. Those two feelings mixed together created a deeply confusing emotion that he didn’t even know the name of.

Nova laid down on the bed, thighs trembling and legs scissoring as she waited. She was going to have to uncross her legs for them to be able to do this, a notion that both elated her and filled her with dread. Her legs were making a very suitable dam between her waves of urine and the clean sheets of Emmett’s bed, losing that barrier was going to be risky.

He HAD said he could stand to take a risk today, though…

Emmett joined her in bed. “You… Want me to get on top now?” he asked.

“Well, yeah, that’s how it works…”

Nova was so often the one taking charge in their relationship that he’d sort of expected HER to get on top and ride him. Come to think of it though, his bladder probably wouldn’t take too kindly to tha—

Caressing his shaft to keep his penis erect, Emmett said; “I might end up squeezing down on your—“

“I know,” Nova interrupted, eagerness in his voice. “But, I WANT to know what that feels like, though. So, don’t worry. Don’t hold back.”

“Alright, but you’ll HAVE to tell me if it hurts at all,” Emmett said.

“I will,” Nova promised. “Don’t worry. Just relax.”

Anxiously, Emmett drew closer to her. She managed to move her legs apart, thighs starting to tremble more as it became even tougher to withstand the pressure in her bladder. Emmett lowered himself down, inserting his throbbing cock inside of her and drawing forth a long, loud moan from her lips, her eyes rolling backwards as he filled her, her thighs flexed as the feelings overtook her.

The stimulation in her nether region made her urge to urinate become almost otherworldly in its intensity. She wasn’t sure if it was actually possible, but it FELT like his cock was slamming against her bladder with each thrust. All those parts were just so interconnected, her urethral opening and her vagina so close together that any stimulation in the latter would cause the former to twitch and spasm, fighting hard not to let any liquid burst out.

“NNnnnhh—ahhhh—“ Nova made several strangled noises of half-pleasure, half-pain that made Emmett slow down his pumping.

“I—Is it oka—“

“You’re doing great!” Nova panted. “Keep going, keep going!” Nova was shaking like a leaf in a thunderstorm when Emmett started to thrust again, the tickling inside her was a horrid tease on her bladder, but she didn’t want to stop. She gripped the bedsheets until her knuckles went white and moaned like crazy as all the conflicting feelings whirled around inside of her.

Emmett’s body was still being flooded with confusion. Nova was tight and warm, and the sensation of his cock being engulfed within her was one of the best things he’d ever felt. Yet, beneath all of these wonderful feelings was a harsh, pinching ache while his body BEGGED him that he needed a toilet more than he needed anything else. His bladder was searing, but every moan from Nova’s mouth made his dick grow harder and made his thrusts faster and more needy.

“Nnh,” Nova whimpered, her thighs squeezing as much as they could, which only added to the warmth flooding Emmett’s dick with pleasure. Her bladder rolled around within her, tossing and turning and fighting with all its strength to be set free. She kept tightening down her holding muscles, though, kept all her liquid inside. For some reason, needing to clench her pelvic floor so much while they did this made the stimulation even more exquisite, more intense, more pleasurable.

She was amazed by how something could hurt but feel really, really good at the same time.

It felt so good. So, so good…

“Hnnnn…” Nova grunted, body shaking more than ever as a powerful orgasm tore through her. With every contraction, her bladder spasmed hard, pee right at the very edge of dribbling out and she had to clench her teeth and squeeze the sheets as hard as she could to keep anything from coming out. Still, she was unsuccessful, and she felt a couple warm drizzles seep out. She managed to restrain herself after that, but she felt all the more desperate for the trouble.

Emmett’s heartbeat ramped up as he watched Nova climax. Wow, he’d actually DONE that! He’d made her feel so good! So, that must have meant that he wasn’t boring after all! He’d been worried for no reason, he WAS good at this, and that him FEEL good, and—

His hips jolted and his melted into an incoherent mess of pleasure and happiness and his cum erupted out of him, pulsing forth as he rode out the best orgasm of his life. Breathing heavily, he pulled out and carefully removed the condom from his softening member. He tied it off and stood to throw it away— Immediately bending over a little as he remembered that he STILL needed another kind of release. “I can’t hold it anymore,” he told Nova. “I’m gonna go throw this away and… Go. If you wanna watch.”

Nova nodded, but then a flash of panic went over her face. “I— I can’t get up…” she said.

Emmett went pale. “D—Did I hurt you!? I’m sorry, I’m— Oh, there’s a little blood, I’m SO sor—“

“You d—didn’t hurt me,” Nova interrupted. “Bl—Blood is normal the first time, remember? I just…” Nova had started to clutch at herself, hands firmly wedged between her naked thighs. “I think if I stand I’m gonna—“

“O—Oh!” Emmett said. “I’m sorry, I’ll… I’ll… I’ll find you something to go in!” he decided. “Hang on.” His own need forgotten for the time being, Emmett hurried from the room. He entered the kitchen and first wrapped the used condom in a paper towel before sticking it deep into the trash to hide it— This necessitated him TOUCHING a lot more of the trash than he was comfortable with and he was now DYING to scrub his hands clean at the sink (To Hell with what his bladder had to say about listening to the running water while he did that!)

But, Nova needed him right now more than his hands did. He opened the cabinet where all the tupperware bowls were kept— There were so many that Dad wouldn’t notice if one was suddenly gone. He brought it back to his room and set it down. “O—Okay, you can go in this.”

Nova stared for a moment. “Wait, you— YOU— are going to have me pee into a thing used for cooking?”

“W—We have a bunch of these bowls, it won’t matter if I have to throw one out,” Emmett said. “You can use it.”

Nova didn’t want to argue, her body couldn’t manage the walk to the toilet now, she’d pop and pee all over the floor before she got there. She had to be careful with how she got out of bed, too. Moving too fast rocked the firm, round bulge of her bladder and it was a struggle not to let it go right then. She saw Emmett bouncing in the corner, since they were still naked she was able to see his cock bobbing and twitching— Considering he’d just cum a few minutes ago, any twitching now was probably from desperation. “You can use the toile—“

“I can w—wait,” Emmett said.

“You… Wanted to watch me?” Nova guessed. “That’s oka—“

“I just know that YOU want to watch ME,” Emmett said. “Th—That’s… That’s all.”

“Oh…”

He swore Nova almost sounded disappointed.

“B—But, I could watch you, too!” he said. “If you want me to!”

“Alright,” Nova smiled. She lowered herself so that she was balanced above the bowl— With a target so small and so low to the ground, squatting was going to be a much better position than standing this time.

Emmett shifted from foot to foot, occasionally grabbing onto the tip of his dick. She watched him struggle, he looked even cuter performing this dance while totally in the nude. She couldn’t wait to see how adorable he was when he was pissing naked. To hurry that along— And because her own bladder was THROBBING— she pushed on her muscles and told herself to relax. It was a little tricky to do that in such a weird position, squatting over a bowl in her boyfriend’s room, but soon she was letting out a soft sigh as a trickling noise rattled against the inside of the bowl, a pale yellow stream pooling into the bottom of it. “Ahhhh….”

Nova looked up at Emmett, seeing that he WAS watching, but with a pinched expression on his face that made him look pained. “You don’t HAVE to watch if it makes you uncomfor—“

“Th—The sound,” Emmett said, twisting around on his feet. “It’s… Making me…”

“Oh, right,” Nova said, trying to speed up her stream. There was so much in there, though! Her bladder felt like it was going to take ages to drain out completely! She felt bad prolonging his wait after everything he’d agreed to try out with her today, but it felt so amazing to let go that she couldn’t help but enjoy it. Her eyes drifted shut and she smiled gently.

Emmett watched, stomping his bare feet hard against the floor as he held himself tightly. He was trying again to figure out what exactly it was about this that Nova found so appealing. He supposed her expression looked a LITTLE cute right now, sort of how she looked when she was sleeping. And she was moaning— Which after today Emmett knew was a sound he REALLY liked hearing. But, beyond that— the actual peeing part?— he still didn’t think he ‘got’ it.

But, maybe that was OKAY.

Maybe he didn’t really NEED to understand this. Maybe it was enough that he was just simply okay with it. Maybe he didn’t have to actually SHARE Nova’s kink to get some enjoyment out of it with her— He’d loved today, even if he hadn’t spontaneously developed his own interest in pee. He’d loved today because he’d excited his girlfriend and made her feel good, and that had made HIM feel good.

Nova kept peeing, letting all this out of her bladder felt nearly as good as cumming had earlier. And the best part was that it just kept GOING. Her orgasm had lasted about twenty seconds, but this had been continuing for a minute so far, at least!

One more long spurting hiss flowed into the bowl and then she was done. Finally. She stood, the remnants of her release trickling slightly down her legs, which she rubbed together uncomfortably.

Emmett was crossing his legs a whole lot more though, and Nova was ready now to see him let all that out.

“What do I do with the bowl?” Nova started to ask. “Should I—“

“We’ll clean that up in a minute, I can’t— I can NOT wait anymore, I’m sorry,” Emmett said.

“Stop apologizing,” Nova said. “I’ve been dying to see this.”

Emmett urgently hobbled to the restroom and lifted the seat on the toilet. “G—Got a good view?” he asked Nova, just like earlier that day.

“Yep, go ahead.”

Emmett moved his hand away from his tip, and pee poured out of him as he gasped out a very breathless “Thank you…”

Hearing him THANK her as he peed made Nova feel warm and tingly all over again. The force of his stream did that to her as well. His nude body was trembling, shining with sweat and absolutely gorgeous. But, nothing made her blush more than his face, so content, so happy, so relieved…

He peed for over a minute, then stumbled back with exhaustion. His body had done a LOT today…

“Feel better?” Nova asked.

“Y—Yeah,” Emmett said. “Way better. Did you like that?”

“Yes, I liked ALL of it,” Nova assured him. “Thank you again for doing all this with me.”

“You’re welcome…” Emmett went to the sink and started to wash his hands.

“Cold water works too,” Nova said, noticing it start to steam up.

Hesitantly, Emmett turned off the hot tap and replaced it with the cold as he reached for the soap. He rubbed it into his hands and scrubbed it off, then started to go for it again.

“Once is plenty,” Nova reminded.

“Y—Yeah…” Emmett said. “Once is… Is good.” He exhaled. “Heh… Um, we should probably get dressed and get rid of that bowl now, right?”

“Right.”
