My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*006*2022-03-12 17:48

Shy Couple 3

All things considered, this trip COULD still turn out to be fun.

A swollen, bursting bladder shouldn’t be enough to destroy and entire vacation. Especially not when so many friends were around.

But, the fact that there WERE so many friends around was sort of the reason both Brandon and Courtney hadn’t relieved themselves even once in the past 18 hours and were now dying to do so as soon as possible.

Their friend Veronica had invited them to come on a ski trip with her and her brothers Martin and Eric. They would arrive, sleep in the lodge for one night, then spend most of the next day skiing before driving back home.

Brandon and Courtney had each peed before leaving their homes yesterday, thankfully. Neither had forgotten to go. And, after a couple hours of driving, they’d arrived at the lodge Veronica had rented without much of a need to void their bladders.

The lodge had one toilet which needed to be shared by all five people staying there. That news was a little troubling. There was nothing more stressful for the pee-shy couple than knowing someone could be out there and WAITING for them to finish going; Standing by the door, thinking about what they were doing inside the restroom and wondering how long it could possibly take…

It was too embarrassing to even contemplate! Brandon and Courtney had both decided they’d just sneak to the restroom at some point in the night and go while no one else was up and about. Thankfully, neither of them even felt much of an urge to let it flow until later on in the evening, anyway.

Veronica even suggested that everyone head to sleep early tonight, they’d need a lot of energy for skiing once morning came after all. Brandon took his turn showering first, and he got a bit of an idea.

Unlike most people, when Brandon said he never peed in the shower, he was actually telling the truth. He’d never done it once in his entire life. It was not that he was squeamish, he didn’t think relieving oneself in the shower where it would all just immediately wash down the drain was all that disgusting. It was just, his mother had told him repeatedly as a child that it was a bad habit, so growing up he’d gotten the impression that it was something that simply wasn’t allowed. So, he’d never done it.

Now though, he saw the shower as the solution to his current predicament. He wouldn’t have to sneak around and try to find opportunities in which no one was paying attention so he could have a pee. He could just say he was going to have a shower and do it in there. The toilet and shower were even in separate rooms beside one another, so everyone would assume he really WAS just showering, they wouldn’t think about him emptying his bladder at all!

When he actually got into the shower to try it out, however, he found that his new plan was a whole lot easier said than done. Brandon had only ever let his bladder release in two specific locations throughout his life; Either at a toilet, or behind a tree. A shower was neither of those things, a shower was somewhere he’d been instructed from a very early age that he was not allowed to pee.

He reminded himself that that ‘rule’ wasn’t really a rule at all, just an opinion that had been held by his mother. She certainly wasn’t in the shower with him right now, and no one else would ever know if he relaxed his body here and allowed nature to take its course. He shut his eyes and concentrated on the sound of all the spraying, rushing water, on the feeling of it gliding warmly down his body…

But, he couldn’t pee here. It was like some little alarm in his brain was constantly flaring with a red alert, reminding him that he was NOT in the right spot for urination to take place. He kept trying for a few more minutes, but ultimately gave up when he heard a knock on the door. He’d been in there for way too long…

When Courtney had her turn with the shower, she had a similar idea to Brandon’s, and was met with very similar results. Adding onto the anxiety she felt about peeing in an ‘improper’ location was the fact that, unlike Brandon, she’d never even tried telling her body to begin urinating while she was standing up. Attempting to unclench her holding muscles and let it flow while fully upright felt so foreign to her that it was almost like her body couldn’t even grasp what was being expected of it. At one stage, she attempted to squat down on the shower floor and go that way, but since she’d never EVER peed outside before either, that pose made her uncomfortable as well.

Courtney had only ever peed while sitting down on an actual toilet and, it would seem, she couldn’t convince her body to do it any other way. It just wasn’t possible. Even closing her eyes, leaning against the wall and telling herself over and over that she really WAS on the toilet wasn’t enough to clear her mind and bring her the relief she sought. She was much too aware of where she actually was and of what she was actually trying to do.

So, much like Brandon, she admitted defeat when she heard a knock on the door, resolving to just hold it until the lodge was dark and quiet and she could head to the toilet undetected.

She didn’t even have to go that bad right now, anyway.

She and Brandon were sharing one of the bedrooms, and when she entered it, she saw him sitting on top of bed and bouncing a knee. Looked like he hadn’t emptied out in the shower, either… Courtney wondered if she should say anything, or if that would embarrass him too much.

She needn’t have wondered for long, Brandon spoke up himself right away; “I sorta need to go…” he said.

“I know…” Courtney agreed. “It’s been a long day.” She laid down beside him. For whatever reason, laying on her back was one of the worst positions she could ever take if there was even the smallest puddle of pee being contained in her bladder. Something about sprawling out flat like that just seemed to turn the gravity up a lot higher. It made it feel like some invisible force was trying to slam into her bladder with all the force of a boulder and the pressure within her abdomen would go from ‘slight and manageable’ to ‘painful and urgent’.

She quickly turned onto her side instead, and the intensity of her urge began to dissipate. “Mmh,” she gave a small, half-sigh. “You ready for tomorrow?” she asked.

“Y—Yeah,” Brandon said. “I’ve never skied before though.”

“Neither have I,” Courtney said. “We can teach each other.”

“That would be fun.”

Their plans made for the following day’s activities, neither one had any idea that they’d be required to learn how to ski while carting very, VERY full bladders.

They both tried to stay up and wait for the other to fall asleep so that they could pee unnoticed. Courtney began to snore first, but when Brandon got up to relieve himself, he found that Martin hadn’t actually gone to bed yet. Martin waved to him in a friendly way, and Brandon just turned around and went back to bed, deciding to wait it out a little longer.

Only to instead fall asleep.

At no point during the night did either one of them wake.

So, when their alarm went off in the morning, marking 18 hours since they’d each last visited a toilet, their bladders felt less like bladders and more like ancient, Medieval torture devices lodged within their bellies. The pressure they both felt pushing and digging up against their openings was so extreme. Brandon felt like he was having a needle constantly being poked in and out of his urethra while a gorilla squeezed his stomach with all of its strength. Courtney felt like she was being repeatedly kicked in the gut by the world’s strongest stallion; Every three seconds, a new flare of painful urgency would ripple through her abdomen and draw a whimpering moan from her trembling lips.

Courtney was the first to manage to crawl out of the bed, and when she did so, she again was hit with the sensation that the gravity inside the room had been cranked up tenfold. She swore she could actually feel her bladder being yanked and pulled down towards her feet. “Oooh…” she groaned, hands reaching between her legs, fingers trembling as they tried to find the right place to press themselves.

Brandon just stayed in bed, staring up at the ceiling, tangled up in such a strangely constructed knot. Looking at his body, it shocked him that his limbs could even bend in so many directions. He’d somehow managed to tangle himself up like this in his sleep. His legs were practically triple-crossed; His thighs squeezing, his knees twisted together, his ankles hooked around each other. His arms were vibrating with tension, and his hands were wrapped around his aching member so tightly that it was actually really, really painful. His own fingers were pinching into his most sensitive area with so much violence it was enough to make him tear up. But, when he tried to ease his grip up even a little, the sheer force of the pressure hammering against his screeching urethra would feel like much more than even the strongest man on Earth could endure. “Ohhh, ohhh my Goddd…” he moaned quietly, more to himself than to Courtney. “I gotta freaking PISS….”

“Br—Brandon,” Courtney managed between strained, choking gasps of needy urgency. She wanted to go back in time to last night, wake herself up so she could use the toilet and NOT have to feel this horrific, awful sensation. Her bladder was like a volcano on the verge of erupting, she could actually feel its contents simmering, bubbling and boiling as it got closer and closer to her opening and the world beyond it. “W—We have stuff we need to do t—today remember?”

Brandon may not have ever gone skiing before, but he had a pretty strong assumption that trying to do it with a bladder that felt like a ticking time bomb moments away from hitting zero and blowing up wasn’t going to make for a fun day. Still, Brandon struggled to his feet, pausing multiple times to wince and clutch himself even more firmly. His knuckles were starting to turn white from how tightly he was holding his crotch. “Oh… Right…” he whimpered once he was finally on his constantly shifting feet.

Courtney understood how he was feeling at the prospect of today’s activities. The only thing she needed to do— The only thing she WANTED to do— today was PEE, but she couldn’t do that. Not only was there one toilet that she was sharing with four other people, but the door that led to that toilet was in the middle of the lodge, easily visible from almost everywhere. If she scrambled down the hall to get herself seated on the thing— the thing she was DYING for— everyone would see. They’d see her hobble in, her hands kneading into her crotch, her brow coated in sweat, and they’d think “Oh, Courtney’s having one hell of an emergency. I bet she’s pissing like a race horse in there now!” They’d probably even be able to HEAR her stream jetting out, and she KNEW that she wouldn’t be able to restrain her moaning either.

No.

Nothing could be more humiliating than doing all of that in full view of her friends. Even performing the most elaborate pee dance in the world in front of them— which she was sure she was about to do in a few minutes— would be better than that!

They both stumbled from their bedroom and to the kitchen table, where Veronica, Martin and Eric already were. The three siblings stared at the trembling, squirming couple. Brandon and Courtney turned pink all the way to their ears as they prayed that the others wouldn’t call attention to their blatant desperation. They knew their friends were aware they were shy about urinating, maybe they’d stay—

“Um… You guys good?” Eric asked.

—Quiet…

“W—We’re okay,” Brandon said, cringing as he sat down in one of the chairs. His expression drooped further when it hit him how thirsty he was after a night of sleep. He reached towards a water glass and, shutting his eyes tightly as if to blot out what he was doing to himself, forced its contents down his throat. “I just gotta go, that’s all.”

Eric went quiet. He’d never understood Brandon’s peculiar toilet habits. The guy was so shy when it came to actually relieving himself, yet never put up a fuss about letting people know that he NEEDED to do it… He forced himself not to ask Brandon why he didn’t just go take a leak, then. He knew if he did Brandon would just go silent and try not to make eye contact with him for as long as possible.

“Y—Yeah,” Courtney agreed. “We need to pee, but we can hold it. It’s fine. Don’t pay attention to it.” She hated it when people noticed and commented, it made things so much worse! If someone knew she had to go, then that meant they’d keep paying attention to that fact, they’d be more observant than ever of her bathroom visits, making it even harder to sneak off and empty out privately.

“You… Still want to go out to the ski trails with us?” Veronica asked.

Courtney knew what Veronica was really offering now; A way out. Courtney could say “No, you guys go on ahead without us, we’ll catch up.” And the lodge would be vacant for a while. Maybe if Courtney was here WITHOUT Brandon, then she WOULD grasp hold of the life-raft Veronica had tossed her. But, Brandon WAS here, and he would CONTINUE to be here even after everyone else had left.

Brandon seeing her go off to relieve herself was, at minimum, about five million times worse than anyone else seeing her do it. Kicking Veronica and her brothers out for a while would solve absolutely nothing.

So, Courtney nodded, “Yeah, we were looking forward to it.”

“…Okay,” Veronica said after a moment, not pushing the issue.

Both Courtney and Brandon were… The closest thing to ‘relieved’ that they could get at the moment.

Since they’d never gone skiing before, they’d also never worn ski gear. Courtney bit down several loud moans as she put on layer after layer of thick clothing inside the room she shared with Brandon. It was incredibly difficult to get dressed when her hands kept flying back between her thighs and her legs didn’t want to part from one another. The waistband of the thick thermal underpants and the tight material of the ski suit both drove knives into her bloating bladder. In the corner of her eye, she saw Brandon straining and flailing as he got dressed as well.

Once he was dressed, Brandon looked over himself in the mirror. He stared at his trembling, bouncing reflection, at the tense, pained hold he still had over his groin— It was NOT easy to get a decent grip through all the layers. Earlier, his hands had felt like indestructible, titanium corks capable of holding back even the biggest waves of urine. Now, with so much thick material blocking them, they felt more like weak, cracking clothespins that could shatter at any second and make all of his liquids spray right out.

Courtney joined him at the mirror and, to her immense shock, even with so much fabric covering it, she could still see a bit of a bump in the area housing her bladder. She’d barely paid attention to its round, bulbous form as she’d been putting her clothes on— She’d expected it to be swollen and hard just from how it felt, so the sight of it in her naked torso had barely been startling. Now though, realizing that her bulge was large enough to remain visible even through so many layers, it sort of frightened her. Had anyone on Earth ever been THIS full of pee before?!

Her gaze shifted to the side and she realized that, yes, at least ONE other person had also managed to sport a bladder so catastrophically full that it was visible through layers of warm clothing; Brandon too had an urgent, painful bump inside his center. Even though she KNEW what it was, KNEW it full well because she had the exact same thing inside her OWN body at the moment, Courtney couldn’t believe her eyes as she stared at Brandon’s protruding abdomen.

She had no idea why she did what she did next, perhaps she just needed to confirm it to herself, to make all of this seem real; She tore one hand out from between her legs and rested it as lightly as she could overtop the tight ball in Brandon’s core.

“Ahhhh!” Brandon practically yelled, his body tugging itself backwards, away from her punishing touch. Courtney’s hand had felt like a mallet, slamming itself hard against his bladder. His bladder felt like an overripe melon that was about to burst into a million pieces. “God— No! Don’t!” His hands strained hard, fighting to get a better grip on himself as his middle erupted with wave after wave of scorching hot agony and a pressure that was just inhuman.

“S—Sorry!” Courtney said, tucking her hand back between her legs. She could barely find the right spot to squeeze them through her thick pants, no matter where she pressed, the thrashing, aching wails from within never got any quieter. “I— I was just curious! You can do it to me to make up for it!”

Brandon wouldn’t have taken her up on the offer under normal circumstances, but what she’d just done had been one of the most intense, horrid things he’d ever felt in his life. She had to understand the full extent of what she’d just put him through. Gently—because even if her action had hurt his bladder very badly, she still had not actually squished it—he placed the flat of his palm onto her abdomen.

“Holy—!” Courtney’s reaction was immediate. She seemed to come right out of her skin as she jolted away from him, before doubling over and letting out a tortured sounding cry of urgent, wicked desperation. It was like a boulder had just been hurled into her stomach, her bladder was practically aflame with simmering urine, all of it pressing further and further downwards, fighting with all its might against the one tiny ring of muscle she could use to keep it at bay. “Oh— Ahhhh!” She just kept releasing a string of incoherent, pained sounds that couldn’t even be called words at all, struggling and fighting to wrench back her control.

When they were both finally able to move again, they left their room. The next half hour passed in a blur of pain, urgency and so, so much pressure. It was hard to hold themselves with the winter clothing on, but it was even worse to try doing it with the added barrier of thick gloves over their hands. Then, once they were out in the cold, it managed to get even worse! Shivering made their bladders contract hard, their hands began to go numb and it became harder to bend their fingers as they fought with all their might to grip themselves. Then, when Veronica showed them how to put on the skis, leg-crossing and foot-bouncing became nigh impossible with those things in the way. Luckily, they could just carry them to the ski lift and wouldn’t have to mess with them again until they were at the top of the trail.

As they walked to the lifts, Brandon’s traitorous eyes kept shooting longing glances to all the trees they passed. Each one seemed to transform into a toilet in his mind. They also all looked a little dry! They needed to be watered! Brandon thought they needed to be watered just as badly as HE needed to water something!

He couldn’t, though. Even without his friends, there were strangers all over the place too! Lots of people would see him, an uncomfortable, squirmy and obviously full-bladdered guy duck behind the trees. They’d know EXACTLY what he was about to do back there, they’d be thinking ‘Oh, wow. That guy must be BURSTING if he can’t even make it back inside somewhere!’

No.

Brandon couldn’t let that happen.

He had to hold it.

Courtney had followed Brandon’s gaze. She knew what he was looking at, and he knew what he was thinking about. She knew because she was thinking about the same thing. But, Courtney had never peed outside before in her life, and she didn’t want her first attempt to be one in which she had an entire audience.

Holding it was the only option.

Once they’d reached the ski lifts, Brandon and Courtney got on one together. They were both wriggling so much that their seat swayed slightly in the air. It was a good thing neither of them was frightened of heights. But, even so, being that high up in the air while sitting in something that was rocking back and forth so much was nerve-wracking.

Just not as nerve-wracking as their full bladders were. When she’d agreed to this trip, Courtney had believed that she’d have opportunities to relieve herself at least a couple times each day, but now it had been 21 hours since her last trip to the toilet, and she hadn’t had even one chance to go yet! The toilet at the lodge was smack-dab in the middle of everything, there was no way she could sneak into that room and go unnoticed, even at night it seemed someone was always going to be milling around.

The resort itself was so crowded, too! From her seat on the lift, she could see a building that housed public restrooms, and both the men’s and women’s had lines that extended out the doors! There were restaurants and shops scattered sporadically through the resort, but Courtney wasn’t holding onto any hope that they would have facilities private enough for her.

At the top of the mountain, they got off the lift, immediately doubling over with intense, painful levels of need. Brandon’s entire body was shivering, and it no longer had anything to do with the cold. He didn’t even FEEL the cold anymore, the overflowing cauldron of boiling hot piss inside his body was warming his body up real well. 21 hours without peeing, he was close to breaking his previous record, and he was shuddering as he worried how much time he STILL had left to wait!

There were trees up here as well, and they all seemed to be calling to him! His bladder was BEGGING, he imagined it was actually down on its knees judging by the sudden, almost unfathomably severe increase in pressure he felt millimeters behind his twitching urethra. He wanted to hose down a tree. He wanted to so, so, SO badly!

But, there were so many people up here. Not just Courtney, but strangers, too! Better to have all of them see him do his frantic, urgent little dance than have them watch as he scrambled behind a tree before they heard him release a flood and moan his head off!

Courtney put her skis back on, making it much harder to cross her legs. She held her ski poles, which prevented her from even gripping herself. The only defense she had left against the typhoon of urine ramming itself against her opening was the aching ring of muscle in charge of her urethra. Those muscles stung and screamed and pleaded loudly for a break. They begged Courtney to just give up, they asked her to not even bother with finding a toilet first, they demanded for her to simply let them relax as her bladder’s contents gushed and fizzed into her snow pants. “Ahh… Nnnnhhh…” Courtney moaned as she tensed her thighs as best as she could. “I need to goooo….”

Brandon had gotten onto his own skis, was holding his own ski poles, and he too had discovered how much harder it was to hold one’s bladder in check with so much in the way. He knew he shouldn’t have been doing this. He should have been inside somewhere, writhing and squirming on the floor while clutching himself for dear life. He shouldn’t have been trying to perform a physical activity like skiing. All of his energy and willpower should have been being spent on his bladder and his bladder alone, on holding his flood at bay, on trying to keep his opening pinched shut.

The trail they were about to take was an easy one, meant for beginners like them. No obstacles, a nice, gentle decline that wouldn’t get them moving too fast. Pretty much all they would have to do would be to keep themselves balanced as they slid down. But, of course, that wasn’t truly ALL they had to do, they had to maintain balance and slide down the trail while their bladders erupted with more pressure than a piping hot tea kettle.

As they went down the trail, Brandon grit his teeth, tensed his whole body, and pleaded with his aching holding muscles— which felt like they’d been electrocuted— to keep all his liquid where it belonged. Courtney kept whimpering under her breath, barely coherent mantras about how bad she had to go, how she just NEEDED to hold it, how she was going to burst soon if she didn’t find relief!

Back at the bottom of the hill, the two agreed that one trail was enough. They’d come here to try out skiing, and now they’d tried it out. They both knew that they couldn’t handle a more difficult trail at their skill level without being hurt, especially not in their present conditions. Even if they’d only done one trail, they were still proud of themselves, they’d done what they’d set out to do, even with their bladders trying to stand in the way of it.

They went to one of the resort’s restaurants for lunch, and tried to ignore the look their waitress gave them. They knew it was obvious what they needed to do, but somehow actually getting up to go DO that thing still sounded more humiliating than squirming and dancing did. As they waited for their food, Brandon dared to glance down at his body for the first time in a while, the straining ball of tension in his core had grown even larger, poking roughly against his ski suit. “Oh… God, I didn’t even know it could get this full…” he moaned.

Courtney looked down towards her own bladder, hers too had swelled up further. It looked like she had a baseball caught inside her ski suit, pushing the material out away from her. “I need to pee SO bad,” she said. Not even really as a response to Brandon’s remark, but because it was about the only thing she could manage to say.

They’d ordered just a few snacks, knowing from experience how hard it was to eat when their bladders were taking up so much room inside of them, but even so it wasn’t easy to finish them all. The most difficult thing, however, was trying to consume their beverages. They knew they HAD to drink, they’d just done something pretty physically exhausting after all, their throats were dry, they NEEDED water… But, their bladders convulsed and protested every sip they swallowed down.

Courtney steeled herself each time she took a drink, telling herself that she didn’t have a choice. She had faith that, even if her bladder felt at the moment like it couldn’t accommodate even one more tiny drop of fluid, it probably COULD. She was strong, she had great control over her body and its needs, she could restrain however much she had to restrain. She knew she could.

Brandon was telling himself similar things as he finished up his glass. Every time he thought to himself ‘I can hold it, I can keep it all in,’ his bladder would pulse and send a shockwave of pressure down his length as if to say ‘I really wish you wouldn’t!’

After they’d paid for their food and had left the restaurant, they headed back towards the lodge. Veronica and her brothers were already there waiting for them, and all three sets of eyes went wide at the sight of them. Courtney could tell what they were thinking; ‘They didn’t go at ALL today!?’ Courtney could tell they were all stunned, shocked and concerned that she and Brandon were still holding onto liters and liters of pee and had still not granted their bladders the relief they needed.

But, Courtney didn’t care about that. Having three people be started by her ability to restrain her bladder was still a whole lot better than having three people watch as she frantically scrambled to the toilet. Beyond that, she could finally take all this ski gear off!

Brandon must have realized the same thing, because he’d already gone into their room. She found him there, fumbling and tugging at his ski suit. When he got it unzipped and let it fall down around his feet, he was moaning. “Ohhhhh…That thing was SO tight… That feels so much better…”

Courtney stared at him for a second, now able to see the full size of his bulging bladder. Woooow, that looked like it hurt! It was like he’d swallowed an entire grapefruit whole. She didn’t have much time to look at him, his moans of relief as he’d gotten rid of his ski suit had made her all to eager to do the same.

Holy… The instant the tight material was gone from her waist, she felt like she could float away. She still had to pee so badly she could practically taste it, but for the briefest second the sharpest edge of her need lifted. It crashed back into her only a moment later, but now that she’d taken off all those layers and the gloves, she could get a serious, firm grip on her crotch for the first time in hours. “Mmmmf…. I need to peeee….”

“I gotta…” Brandon struggled, clutching himself tight as he felt a stinging pulse of agony rip against his urethra. “I gotta… SO bad…”

They quickly put on their own clothes, but neither had it in them to actually zip and button their pants up. Their bladders were going to need all the space they could get for the long, long ride back home.

“R—Ready to go?” Brandon asked. “L—Let’s just say goodbye to everyone, then I’ll take you back to your house.” He was careful not to add “And then you can finally pee!” knowing it would embarrass her… And also because he worried that if he mentioned they were on their way back to the toilets they needed, he’d explode before the words were all the way out of his mouth.

“Y—Yeah,” Courtney agreed.

They said their goodbyes quickly, thanking Veronica for a fun trip and talking about how they really should do it again sometime. To their immense gratitude, Veronica didn’t say anything like “Um, don’t you guys want to use the restroom before you leave?” Even if they weren’t sure she understood their problem, she at least knew not to say things like that to them.

They stumbled out of the lodge and into Brandon’s car. Courtney winced as she buckled her seatbelt, even that tiny bit of extra pressure was bringing tears to her eyes. Against her will, her eyes flew to the clock and she noted it had now been over 23 hours since her last pee, and she still had a few hours of driving left to wait. “R—Ready?” she asked.

Brandon, one hand squeezing away between his legs and the other on the steering wheel, nodded. He knew that this drive was not going to be fun, he knew it was going to be painful, but he also knew it was the only path he had that would lead him to much needed relief. “Ready.”

