My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*023*2023-08-09 21:43

The bus was moving at an excruciatingly slow pace for all of its occupants. Painful cramps rocked Carmella’s lower back, and she looked all around the small bus. Four other sets of shoes were being dragged about the floor, all showing signs of agitation. Twisting, stomping frantically. Legs pressed tightly together as Carmella and the other four members of her cheer team danced in quiet, impatient agony.

Some of the others were whimpering with displeasure, but Carmella didn’t dare to do the same. Such noises were so obvious and embarrassing, as if the frantic motions of her lower body hadn’t already made her problem blatantly clear. Her eyes squeezed closed against the sight of her desperate teammates, her forehead creased, her legs wriggled from side to side. She sunk down in her seat, then gritted her teeth to tamp down a gasp, straightening up again. She hitched her hips and pressed her hands against herself for the briefest of seconds.

The toilet trip she’d taken that morning before leaving her dorm now felt like it had been lifetimes ago. She was dying to feel cool porcelain beneath her thighs once more, to allow her aching sphincters to relax for even just a moment. She felt like the pee was reaching up to her chest.

If it had been up to her— if it had been up to MOST of her teammates— they would have pulled over for a bathroom break ages ago. But, it wasn’t up to them, they had to reach the sight of their next competition in time, otherwise they would forfeit and lose by default. There simply wasn’t time to stop, no matter how blisteringly full everyone’s bladders were. The traffic had already slowed their progress too much.

Allie, the team captain, kept reminding everybody else of this fact. “We are NOT losing just because a few of you need the ladies’ room,” she said. “Hold it in until we get there.” Her voice was coming out in the same firm, bossy tone her teammates were used to hearing from her, but the corded muscles in her neck betrayed her own urgent need.

The others didn’t know, but Allie had actually been waiting the longest out of any of them. Her alarm clock failing to sound off that morning had prevented her from using the toilet before leaving her dorm. There simply hadn’t been enough time if she was going to make it to the bus before it departed. And, what would her team do without their captain there? Most of their routine wouldn’t even WORK with one girl missing, there would be no chance of victory.

So, Allie had arrived to meet them all with her bladder still crammed full of everything that had accumulated during the night. The others, she presumed, had all gotten to spend a bit of time on the toilet this morning, so as far as she was concerned, they didn’t have a reason to complain so much. Their needy moans and pained whimpers gripped tight fists around her own bloated bladder. She clenched her fists, she curled her toes, she squeezed her thighs together for all she was worth.   She bit her lip and looked out the window, trying to gauge how close they were to their rival college, where the competition would set. It was difficult to concentrate enough to figure out where they were.

Beside her was Lindsay, whom Allie often considered her second-in-command. Like Allie, she took these competitions immensely seriously. Like Allie, she was scolding the other girls and telling them to grin and bear it until they arrived. “We’ll all use the bathroom first thing!” She said. But, also like Allie, she was visibly desperate and the distress within her body was removing some of the bite from her tone. Her pitch wavered with an uncertainty that she rarely displayed.

Lindsay was doing her best to ignore the heinous pressure mounting inside of her. She was trying to banish all thoughts of toilets, peeing and water from her brain. ‘Mind over matter,’ she continually reminded herself. If she kept focusing on how much she had to go, on how good it would feel to sit down on a toilet and unleash an immense, hissing flood, she was only going to make her predicament worse. She was attempting instead to think only of the contest ahead of her— That was what she SHOULD have been focusing on anyway.

Again and again, she mentally went through every step of their routine, every direction she’d need to turn her body, every motion of her arms and legs. When little thoughts creeped in, feelings of dread and doubt as she imagined having to do all of that with her bladder still screaming for relief, she shut her eyes and shook her head. That wouldn’t happen. She’d use the bathroom as soon as they arrived, and it wasn’t TIME to think about peeing anyway.

It was very, VERY difficult to keep the thoughts of urination at bay, however. She was surrounded by desperation everywhere she looked. Beside her, Allie was wriggling and jiggling her knees, bouncing her legs like she was peddling a bicycle. Across the aisle, Carmella was folded in half, scrunched up into this little, shaking ball, twitching with need. The two girls in the seat in front of her were moaning up a storm. Even if Lindsay HADN’T already needed to go, the sights and sounds around her would have been enough of a suggestion to get her bladder to fill up.

‘Don’t think about peeing,’ she ordered herself. ‘Don’t think about it, don’t think about it!’

However, up ahead of her, Jackie was whimpering non-stop. “Ugh, I have to pee so bad!” She was so vocal about her own need that Lindsay wondered if it was all a deliberate attempt to make everyone else more desperate. That sounded like something Jackie would do, she loved teasing her teammates, so it was possible that she was just trying to make everyone else feel as bad off as she already did.

Not that Lindsay thought she needed anyone’s help to feel more like she was going to burst.

“Mmmmf,” Jackie moaned. “I’ve never had to go this bad before!” She was certain of that, too. There was no doubt in her mind that this was the most egregious bout of desperation she had ever experienced. She felt like her bladder was completely out of room, the liquid inside of it no longer able to slosh with the motion of the bus because it just didn’t have the space to move that way anymore.

There was a constant fiery pressure right at her opening, the small, quivering ring of muscle separating her urine from her panties was flexing non-stop, pulsing and tightening until the stinging pain was enough to make her eyes well up with unshed tears. She couldn’t believe that she was almost crying just from the need to pee, she couldn’t believe that it was possible for it to hurt this bad. “Ohhhhh,” she groaned when the bus hit a particularly rough bump. “I’m going to explode!”

Beside her sat Sidney, the final member of the team. Sidney had been cupping her hands against herself for the past half hour, rocking urgently against the much needed pressure and twisting her hips frantically. All she wanted was for them to finally reach their destination, for the bathroom to be close to where they parked, and for at least five stalls to be available so that they could all go. She knew what would happen if there weren’t enough vacant toilets, she knew that she wouldn’t be able to stop herself from offering to wait while the others went. And, she knew that decision would likely be her undoing.

It would just be the right thing to do, though. She didn’t like to see her team-mates suffer. Not even Jackie, no matter how often she teased her. Sidney still wanted to help. She tried to help Jackie now, hopeful that a gentler tone would be more encouraging to the other girl than the tough and commanding ones utilized by Lindsay and Allie. “It will be alright,” Sidney said. “I’m sure we’ll be there really soon. The competition isn’t that far off, so we’ve GOT to be there soon,” she reasoned. Sidney really wanted to put a supportive hand to Jackie’s shoulder, but both of her hands were needed between her legs, plugging her bladder closed.

“We’d better be…” Jackie gritted out. “I have to go so bad that my teeth hurt for some reason.”

It didn’t make much sense, but Sidney felt the same way. She too felt aches and pangs all throughout her body, ever inch of her tensed and strained in response to the gargantuan weight pushing firmly into her sphincters. Her opening stung hotly, and when she felt a slight spot of dampness in her panties a second later, she realized that the first droplet of her burden had managed to escape.

Sidney cringed, shifting her legs in all directions. She was leaking! Only a bit, only a drop, but still… She couldn’t remember the last time she’d gotten full enough to start dribbling like that. It sent an icy bolt of fear through her core that made her shudder. Up until that moment, she’d been able to think ‘I need to pee really bad, but it’s not like I’ll have an accident’. It had been so many years since her last spill that the notion of another had just seemed impossible.

Now, she was forced to confront the reality that she actually WAS capable of wetting herself. Even at her age, her bladder was not magically indestructible, it was not bottomless, and now that a little bit of her pee had squirted out without her permission, the idea that she might soak herself suddenly felt scarily real. She squeaked out a stunned, pained “Nnnh!” and begged her body not to let go of anything else.

Carmella jerked her head in Sidney’s direction upon hearing her agonized sound. The noise managed to startle her enough that her bladder cramped and squeezed, and for almost a full second she was letting a slow, halting dribble go into her panties. “Mmmf…” She grunted, blushing hard at the sounds she couldn’t help but make. She tightened her hold on her crotch, fingers digging themselves firmly against her aching urethral opening. It burned badly, her thigh muscles were screaming, but she managed to staunch the flow.

She couldn’t believe that had just happened… Her bladder was so full, so little room left inside of it, that it was forcibly pushing its contents out. It had been so long since Carmella had last had an accident that she couldn’t recall what it felt like, but the shocking tug in her lower belly and the clammy spot between her legs were both unmistakable. She’d almost lost it right there on the bus… She didn’t know how much time she had left before she started to leak once more, nor if she’d be able to wrench control back again if she did.

Ohhh, to be on the toilet now, locked into a private stall, panties down around her ankles… Ohhh, that would be Heaven! How much further? Please, she couldn’t wait much more!

At long last, the bus turned off the main highway, they were nearly there. Carmella felt a small wave of relaxation wash over her. She was going to make it after all, there was no need to panic. She was close, she was really, really close.

When the bus finally parked at their rival campus, Jackie was the first one out of her seat. She proceeded to half-run, half-waddle her way off of the bus, her hands pinned between her legs. Her skirt was being pushed up in the process. She didn’t seem to notice that, and she was accidentally flashing Sidney whom was walking right behind her.

Next came Carmella. She moved very tentatively, very slowly. She wanted to dash out like Jackie and Sidney both had, but the barrel of liquid inside of her felt like it was balancing a bit too precariously for that to be an option. If she moved too quickly, if she turned too far to one side or the other, the barrel was going to tip over and dump its contents down her legs, soaking her jeans in a pressurized rush. She had to carefully calculate each and every step she took, and avoid setting her feet down too harshly. One wrong move, and it was all going to be over, and she was too close to a toilet to have an accident now.

Still, as she wobbled her way out of the bus, liquid stung against her from both ends. Tiny, hot drops rolled one after the other into her panties and tears burned in the corners of her eyes. They were tears of equal parts humiliation and pain. She was so embarrassed to be seen this way by her teammates, the fact they were all just as desperate as her didn’t change a thing. Carmella was clutching herself, doing a potty-dance like a child, making it so obvious that she needed the toilet in the worst way imaginable.

Carmella was shy about needing to use the bathroom at all, she didn’t ever like to tell people where she was going, she didn’t like notifying others that she had to go. To have no choice but to flail around and jiggle, hands between her legs, was causing her cheeks to scorch a bright, furious red.

After Carmella was Lindsay. She’d needed an extra moment to collect herself before daring to stand up. And, when she did, she actually went so far as to sneak a hand inside of her jeans to apply some direct pressure against her opening. It made her face flame to do that in public, but her bladder needed the reinforcement. She’d take the embarrassment of blatantly cupping herself over the outright devastation of a leak any day.

She kept the hand there as she limped off the bus, only removing it once she was on the pavement outside and she had three sets of eyes on her. She continued to step back and forth in place, swaying in time with Sidney, Jackie and Carmella as they all waited for Allie to join them.

Naturally, all four of them just wanted to rush off and find the bathroom as soon as possible, but they couldn’t abandon a teammate, especially not their captain. Allie would be furious with them, she’d chew them out, she’d scold them. So, they waited for a painfully long minute as Allie made her way out of the vehicle.

Allie genuinely looked like she was on the verge of exploding. Literally. Her middle was visibly bulging out. All four of her teammates could see it clearly, it was even showing through her clothes. She was holding herself, and when she took the final step off the bus, she just folded in half and whimpered noisily. “Mmmmf….” Her feet hopped and drug against the pavement as she tried to regain her bearings. When she was finally able to straighten up again and address the others, she said; “Th—There… We’ve made it. T—Told you. Now, l—let’s find the changing room and put on our un—uniforms, I’m s—sure there’ll be some toilets there t—too.”

They all walked off, moving much slower than any of them would have preferred. The changing room for the ‘away’ team was easy to find once they’d located the football field which was, itself, difficult to miss. So, the girls were all pretty optimistic by that point. They hadn’t needed to frantically search around, they hadn’t needed to risk being late as they looked for the bathroom. They’d found it right away, and their ordeals were just about to be over.

Allie shoved open the door and the five all scrambled in, eyes darting about their new surroundings, seeking out the stalls. And, that was when the dismay started to take over once more.

The bad news? There was only one toilet stall. The worse news? It had an out-of-order sign taped to its door.

For a second, all five of the girls just stared at it in disbelief— They even actually managed to go STILL from the awful shock of the horrible moment. The thing they’d been waiting for through the whole trip had just been snatched away at the last second.

“Dammit!” Jackie exclaimed, frustrated. She stomped a foot angrily, then repeated the action twice more, urgently. “Is this really the ONLY toilet here?”

Sidney limped around the room, as though thinking that a toilet could actually be hidden somewhere. All she could find were lockers and benches, and a sink. Unless they wanted to perch atop the sink to go, they were out of luck. Sidney thought she’d be willing to do that, when a girl had to go, a girl had to go, right? But, she didn’t want to be the ONLY one doing it, she didn’t want to be seen as the weakest link on the team. She would be if she was the sole member that was so desperate she chose to satiate her need in a public sink.

If at least one of the other girls was willing to try it, though… “Well, there’s the sink,” she pointed out, forcing a grimacing smile so that she could more easily play it off as a joke if nobody else went for it.

“Ew, no!” Jackie said, sticking her tongue out in disgust. “You’re so gross!”

Allie and Lindsay didn’t even bother turning in Sidney’s direction. Carmella was blushing so hard she looked like a tomato.

So, none of them were open to that idea…

Sidney flinched, and squeezed her hand between her legs again. “I was just playing around…” she said.

“Well, stop playing,” Allie said. “Start changing.”

“You can’t be serious,” Jackie said. “We need to find another bathroom, I’m gonna burst!”

“I really have to go, too,” Allie rolled her eyes. Her hips hitched involuntarily, as if to emphasize the point. She wanted to toss in ‘I haven’t used the toilet since YESTERDAY, so I’m the only one who should be allowed to complain right now!’ But, she didn’t. They were all miserable with need, it didn’t have to be a competition. Something else DID, though. “But, the contest is gonna start soon, we don’t have the time to look for a different bathroom. Just hold it in until afterwards, and put your uniform on.”

The girls started to change. They were used to dressing and undressing in front of one another, so that wasn’t a problem for any of them— Not even shy Carmella really minded it anymore. But, they had plenty of other problems. The ones wearing pants all sighed with relief upon unbuttoning and unzipping them, their bladders given more space to freely expand. But, the release of pressure was so similar to the sensation of actually peeing that it caused them more harm than good. Allie spurted a leak, and Carmella lost another couple drips.

All of them had trouble when they pulled their bottoms down, the action reminding them all of how much they would have preferred doing that while beside a toilet, about to take a much needed seat. Bending down to pull up their uniform skirts was painful too, all of their bladders were compressed and they let out mewls of urgency in unison.

Changing their tops was a lot easier, but when they took off what they had on, the hardness in their lower bellies was way more visible, especially with poor Allie, who looked like she’d pop if she got poked with anything sharp.

Finally, they were all dressed and ready for the competition. As ready as they could get, anyway. They were going to be playing with a significant handicap, the OTHER team would likely be arriving with nice, empty bladders and thus, able to access their full ranges of motion without anything coming apart inside them. They’d be more focused, more graceful, and overall way more confident as a result.

They went out onto the field, all of them cringing and dragging their feet. As they waited in front of the judges for the other team to arrive, they all tried to stop squirming. They had eyes upon them now, eyes that belonged to people who weren’t sharing in their plight and would thus be more inclined to laugh at their predicament.   Standing still was close to impossible, though. Jackie was in endless, urgent motion. She was basically skipping in place, hopping between her feet and digging them harshly into the turf below them. Her legs crossed back and forth, and it was just all too obvious that she needed to pee. She was incapable of hiding the urgency, incapable of doing ANYTHING to prevent anyone who looked at her from knowing right away that she was close to bursting.

Sidney’s knees kept buckling, body instinctively trying to squat down and assume the position she’d take if she was about to start watering the grass. She’d relieved herself outside before, which she hadn’t enjoyed that much. It had just been a really bad emergency and there weren’t any proper toilets around, so she’d had no choice but to crouch behind a bush and let it flow, a hand clamped over her mouth to muffle all the relieved moans that fell from it.

She wished that she hadn’t recalled that incident. Hiding in a bush wasn’t an option now, and she had to go far worse than she had that time. Thinking about it was making her bladder convulse. She swore, it felt like it was beginning to tear, like a big hole was about to be ripped through its wall and a painful burst of long-held liquid was going to spray ferociously down her legs.

Beside her, she saw that Carmella’s eyes were watering up, face flushed red and body twitching. This must have been really awful for her shy teammate, unable to stop doing a pee-dance out in public. Sidney would have put a hand to her friend’s shoulder in some attempt at comfort and encouragement, but she didn’t want to move her hands from between her legs until she absolutely HAD to. So, instead she just whispered; “This won’t take too long, Carmella. We’ll all make it.”

Lindsay was the only one that was even close to achieving a bit of stillness. Her eyes were clamped closed, reasoning that it would be easier to clear her mind of the fog of desperation if she couldn’t see all the bursting girls surrounding her anymore. She was mentally going through the routine over and over again, fighting to banish all thoughts of urinating. Her urethra was burning, and her body was shaking from each and every one of her muscles being yanked taut. But, she wasn’t hopping or jiggling, and while her legs were basically just glued together, she wasn’t crossing them.

Allie was counting back all the hours it had been since she’d last sat on a toilet. She’d peed at nine yesterday evening, the contest started at noon. She was approaching fifteen hours without a bathroom break, she could scarcely believe she’d been holding it for so long. That had to be some kind of a record, and her wait continued to stretch out endlessly in front of her. Who knew when she’d next even SEE a toilet, much less actually get to use one.

She looked around at her team, three of them dancing around and one trembling with raw need. How were they supposed to compete like this? “Alright, girls,” she said. “I want all of you to just focus on the routine, try to forget that you need to go.”

“How am I supposed to do THAT?” Jackie challenged.

Allie didn’t know. She couldn’t forget how full her own bladder was, after all. “Just DO it,” she said.

“That doesn’t make any sense—“

Before Allie could retort, the other team had arrived. As expected, they all looked confident, cool, and above all COMFORTABLE. None of them displayed even the smallest sign that THEY’D missed out on any toilet breaks. Marcie, the captain of the other team, looked Allie’s over and giggled, “Are those ridiculous dances your routine?”

“No,” Allie huffed. “Just… Um… A warm-up exercise.”

Marcie snorted, “That’s the weirdest warm-up exercise I’VE ever seen.”

Marcie’s team got to perform their routine for the judges first, an advantage of the event happening at their campus. Allie and her squad watched them, sort of to get an idea of what they had to beat, but mostly as a distraction from their brimming bladders. Marcie’s team was very good, they twirled and moved in elegant synchronization. And, none of them were shaking, none of them were shuddering, none of them spontaneously crossed their legs or doubled over in the middle of a move.

That was going to be really tough to beat.

Once Marcie’s group had finished, it was Allie and her team’s turn. They all slowly made their way in front of the judges. Allie could barely part her legs, she needed her thighs to press together, needed SOMETHING there to block the flood that was BEGGING to erupt from her throbbing sphincters. How was she ever supposed to—

She had to try.

The first part of the routine was their pyramid formation. Sidney and Jackie on the very bottom, followed by Lindsay and Carmella in the middle, and finally Allie on top. Usually, the girls could accomplish this very quickly, it was like muscle memory for them. But, now the majority of the muscles in their bodies were preoccupied with something else, something far more pressing.

It did not go off without a hitch. No matter which part of the pyramid a girl was in, she was met with several disadvantages. Sidney and Jackie were forced to withstand the pressure in their bladders, alongside the weight of three girls. Allie didn’t have to worry about holding anyone up, but if she so much as leaked, the stream would cascade down on those below her. Lindsay and Carmella had the worst of both worlds, supporting Allie above them and trying not to wet Sidney and Jackie underneath them.

They had to hold the formation for several seconds before moving on to the next part of the routine. Worse, they each had to have their legs spread apart while they did it. Carmella could barely breathe, she was in a panic, eyes daring everywhere. She accidentally looked up Allie’s skirt for a second, and could see a dark spot in the light grey material of her panties. The thought of how good it must have felt for Allie to even let that little bit out made a boiling drop bead out of Carmella’s own opening. ‘No, no, no!’ She thought. ‘Please!’

It was all soaked into the material of her panties, none of it landing onto Sidney’s head, but what if she dribbled again? What if she just totally peed?!

Sidney felt like the liquid was reaching up to her rib-cage. She had to pee so bad that she was scared she was going to be sick. If she got sick, she’d drop everyone and they’d lose for sure. Plus, she’d probably pee all over herself anyway. ‘You can hold it,’ she thought. ‘You can hold it, you can hold it.’ She didn’t even believe her own thoughts. Her bladder was completely crammed, there wasn’t any room left, and her kidneys hadn’t stopped pumping more liquid down into it.

She realized she was dripping. Uncontrollably. Just, one drop after another warmly rushing into her panties. She couldn’t stop them. The only way to stop them was to plug up their exit pathway, and she couldn’t get her hands down there without dropping everyone. The image of the others all toppled around her as she stood in the midst of them, hands crammed up underneath her skirt. They’d definitely lose. They’d be the most catastrophic loss in the history of the competition.

The dribbling and picked up into a trickling. A real, steady stream that she could feel gliding down her leg. A second later, she stopped feeling the wetness rolling along her leg, but that was only because she was now going— seriously GOING— with so much force that it sprayed right through her panties and straight down into the grass in between her spread legs.

And there was nothing Sidney could do to stop it, either. But, that wasn’t even the worst part of it. No, the worst part was how she didn’t WANT to make it stop. She’d been holding it for so long that she’d forgotten what peeing even FELT like, and now she was remembering that it felt wonderful. Now, she was remembering that it was one of the best feelings in the world, the snap and sudden drop in pressure, the release of everything she’d been forcing herself to contain. It felt so good…

She was in a state of bliss for a few seconds, registering nothing apart from the glorious sensations of her emptying bladder, but as more and more liquid pumped out of her and she was able to return to reality, the full brunt of what she was doing slammed into her. A waterfall was cascading below her as she stood at the bottom of the pyramid during a very important competition.

They were going to lose for sure now, and it was going to be all her fault.

Beside her, Jackie was the first to notice what Sidney was doing, and that her bladder had failed. “Hold it!” She whispered sharply, there was a plea in her tone. Sidney HAD to hold it, because if Jackie had to watch and listen to that torrent anymore, she was going to add to the puddle Sidney was currently making.

“I can’t!” Sidney gasped out. “I can’t, I can’t, I— Ohhhh…” her protests turned into an involuntary moan of pleasure as a shiver went up her spine. It had never felt so good to pee…

Carmella noticed next, and the sound of all that rushing water made her leak again, enough that it started to roll down her leg. She squeezed her eyes shut. ‘Please, please, please!’ She thought. ‘No more! Let me hold the rest!’ She managed to clamp off the flow, but it all wanted out so bad…

Next was Lindsay. Sidney’s uncontainable burst made it VERY difficult for her to continue redirecting her thoughts AWAY from urination. No matter how tightly she shut her eyes, she could still HEAR that hissing spray, and now that sound was mixed with Sidney’s breathless exhales of relief. ‘Don’t pee!’ Lindsay begged herself. ‘Hold it! Hold it! Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it!’ There was a deep throbbing pulse, and then a small squirt into her panties, but the rest stayed where it belonged.

Allie didn’t realize what had happened until after she enacted the next phase of their routine. It was one that she had been dreading, as it required her to launch herself off the top, perform a somersault in the air, and then land on her feet in front of the others. This was difficult to do even at the BEST of times, but when she was holding over fifteen hours worth of liquids, she wasn’t even sure if it would be possible.

She leapt, and her lower muscles pulled down on themselves with the momentum. A gush warmed the area between her thighs, and she continued to let go of a halting dribble as she made herself spin in midair. She completely botched the landing, falling hard on her back instead of on her feet. The impact knocked the wind right out of her, and something else along with it. Her dribbling turned into a firehose and liquid ejected forcibly as she laid there, trying to remember which way was up and how to breathe. She didn’t even notice that she was having an accident, past all the aches and pains now wracking through her, and the dismay at the fact that they’d definitely lost now.

When the meteoric drop in pressure finally hit her, and she realized that she was letting out an ocean, she moaned with equal parts despair and relief. When it struck her that since her skirt had flown up when she’d fallen her rapidly darkening panties and thick pee stream were on full display, the moan turned into one only of despair.

Her eyes darted to the rest of the team just in time to catch the tail-end of Sidney’s release before her stream receded and only a few lingering dribbles were still pattering into the grass. Allie hadn’t been the only one to burst, but her accident was definitely the more dramatic of the two. And the most unacceptable. She was the captain, if anyone should have been able to wait, it should have been her.

She’d cost them the competition, all because her alarm clock hadn’t gone off and had set this awful chain of events in motion. Clearly, if she’d only exploded after fifteen hours, then if she’d been ALLOWED her morning pee today, this wouldn’t have happened.

The other girls broke apart from the pyramid. There was more to their routine, but at that point it seemed pretty pointless to continue. This had been a disaster. Marcie’s team was going to win by default, scoring extra points for none of them leaving any puddles in the grass.

Allie continued laying there in a bit of shock until she felt the last of her urine trickle out. She was empty, finally. But, she didn’t feel much relief. She felt shame and disgust with herself, and her abdomen just felt sore instead of more relaxed. She’d never held so much, she was scared she might have actually broken her bladder now.

Sidney, the only other girl without a full bladder, helped Allie back up. “I’m sorry,” she said. “There’s… There’s always next time.”

Allie brushed her off. “I can’t believe this…” she whimpered. “Why did the bathroom have to be out of order?! This isn’t fair!”

“I know…” Sidney told her. She wished there was something else she could offer her. “Let’s go change, okay?”

“Fine,” Allie huffed. “Not like there’s anything else for us here.”

Back in the changing room, the girls undressed again. This was easiest for Allie and Sidney who no longer had swollen middles to contend with. They both wished they’d brought spare sets of panties to change into though, wearing the wet ones all through the return trip wasn’t going to be comfortable.

For the three still holding on, getting re-dressed wasn’t easy. They cringed as they zipped their pants up again. Carmella couldn’t even bring herself to fasten the button closed again. It didn’t look like she’d be capable of doing that even if she tried, though. Her lower belly was so rounded and firm that the button would likely just pop open again.

Jackie asked if there was time to find a different bathroom before they had to leave, and Allie shook her head. “We’re not staying here anymore,” she said, ice lacing her voice. “Hold it!”

“Oh? Like YOU didn’t?” Jackie asked, tone just as cold.

“I’d like to see YOU keep holding it while doing that trick,” Allie shot back. “Instead of nice and comfy on the bottom of the pyramid!”

“Maybe I shouldn’t be on the bottom anymore, then!”

Sidney stepped between them, she hated when her teammates fought… “Hey,” she said. “Let’s calm down.”   “Easy for you to say,” Jackie scoffed. “You’re not holding it anymore, either.”

“If you want to pee, be my guest,” Allie said. “Let it out. Right here.”

Now put on the spot like that, the accident that Jackie had been certain of for ages suddenly felt impossible. Her blood ran cold, everyone was looking at her, anticipating her next actions. Did she go along with this, flood herself to put an end to her torment? Or, did she keep trying to wait it out?

A part of her wanted to have an accident, she’d been holding it for so long that letting it go ANYWHERE, even in her pants, would be amazing. For a hesitant moment, she tried to do exactly that. She felt pressure building in her opening, but her muscles kept squeezing it back. She couldn’t wet herself with everyone watching, especially not after being ordered to do it like that.

Soon, five girls were back on the bus. Two damp, three still coming apart at their seams and holding it. Lindsay strategically positioned herself at the front of the bus. She knew that the bumps would be felt much more intensely towards the back of it, and the last thing she needed was for her bladder to be shaken all around. Immediately, she tucked both of her hands against herself and began rocking against her wrists.

She wished Allie had permitted them to look around for another bathroom. She wished that very, very badly. But, Allie was in a terrible mood now— Not that Lindsay could blame her— and there was no arguing with her when she got like this.

There was nothing Lindsay could do but hang on until they arrived back at their own campus. Then, she’d lock herself into the nearest bathroom stall, yank down her jeans and panties and unleash a loud, rushing, orgasmic pee. She’d sit there, shuddering with relief, moaning for all she was worth. She’d be stunned that peeing could possibly feel that good, and she’d—

Ripped from her fantasy and trapped back on the bus, Lindsay felt a slow dribble flowing forth. She tightened her grip. ‘Focus now…’ she told herself. ‘Don’t think about peeing until you’re actually doing it. Hold it in…’

Jackie was so ticked off at Allie that she sat as far away from her as she possibly could, which meant she was at the very back of the bus. She hadn’t even been thinking about how much bumpier the ride would feel back there, just about how much she DIDN’T want to be near Allie.

She regretted her choice as soon as the bus started to move, but she needed to pee too badly to stand up again. When she began to rise out of her seat, pee started to flow into her jeans, and she quickly slammed her ass back down and wriggled it frantically against the cushioning. Startled panic ebbed into her, how was she gonna get to the bathroom once the bus stopped if she couldn’t stand?

She hoped maybe she’d have a better handle on things by then, but she really doubted it. Her bladder was bound to be even fuller at that point, heavier than it was now, even less willing to be picked up and carried around without spilling over in a flood. She moaned every time the bus drove over a speed-bump, and each moan was accompanied by an uncontainable blast of pee.

Beneath her palms, she could feel that she was growing sodden. She’d given up hope on making it back dry, she was already pretty well soaked. She couldn’t move her hands or part her legs enough to check, but she was certain there was a sizable dark spot on her pants. Anyone who looked at her would know that she’d peed herself.

Still, Jackie was BEGGING herself to hang on, to at least wait until she could let MOST of her pee out into an actual toilet. She couldn’t have a total accident, could she? But, having watched two of her team-mates explode today, the possibility that she too would flood her pants seemed more real than ever before.

Carmella had started to cry, not loudly, just some muffled sniffling as tears went down her cheeks. She was utterly miserable. Humiliation was draped over her, and her heart wouldn’t slow down. She didn’t think she could make it. She was practically having an accident already, and her bladder hurt so much! She’d never suffered such an immense crisis of need in her entire life, she’d never felt so certain that she just COULDN’T hold it, while trapped somewhere with no option but to keep trying.

It was utterly panic-inducing. Her vision was blurring from the anxiety and the tears, or maybe all the fluid locked inside of her was trying to force its way out through any gap it could find. She was full. She was as full as full could get, yet somehow her desperation CONTINUED to increase. She was trickling into her panties, but every painful leak did nothing to lessen the pressure. If anything, the sudden bursts of pee that she couldn’t hold back were only making her need to go worse. Her holding muscles were so raw, sore and irritated from the constant starting and stopping.

Sidney was next to her and trying to help her feel better, trying to tell her that the ride back wouldn’t be THAT long, but Carmella knew that was a lie. She knew exactly how much distance they still had left before they would be at their campus again. And, she knew she couldn’t last that long.

Carmella wriggled and thrashed, but it did no good. She cupped herself and rocked forwards and backwards, but it did no good. She thought about dry things, but it did no good. The only thing that would help now would be actually getting to sit down on a toilet, but obviously that wasn’t going to happen.

She was startled and horrified by the sound of liquid splashing against the floor. No! No, no! No! Please! She tightened her hold on herself, and realized that she didn’t feel any hot fluid pooling up in her palms or bursting from between her fingers. She wasn’t full-on wetting herself.

Jackie was.

“Mmmmf!” Jackie squealed from the back of the bus, stomping her feet relentlessly against the rapidly growing puddle beneath her. Her eyes were blown wide open, a tsunami releasing from her with the force of multiple fire-hoses. She was still gripping herself, but all that accomplished was her getting her hands wet. Her dam had broken, it had crumbled into tiny, microscopic little pieces and there was no hope of putting it back together again. She was peeing, and she was going to keep peeing until she was totally devoid of liquid.

And that took a while. Jackie had never held in that much before. Previous episodes of desperation could not even HOPE to compare to what she’d gone through today. She wouldn’t be surprised if she was letting out an entire liter now. It just kept coming and coming, picking up speed and hissing loud enough to make her ears ring— Or maybe that was just the frustration and embarrassment that was doing that.

Her long-held waters soaked the seat below her and splashed out onto the floor. Everyone on the bus was turning to look at her, even the two girls that were still hanging on and would thus be tortured further by the sight of her accident. The noise she was making was too intense to be ignored.

When she finally tapped out, well over a minute after she’d started, Jackie just slumped in her seat. She felt too defeated to even move to a dry one. Not that it would make much difference, her clothes were absolutely drenched, like they’d just gone through a hurricane.

She whimpered, holding her head in her hands. She couldn’t believe that had actually just happened. And, she hated herself for feeling a bit relieved over it. She’d needed that so bad, not having to hold it anymore was almost enough to make up for the humiliation.

Besides, two of her teammates had already soaked themselves, and the other two were obviously well on their way to doing it as well. By the time the ride ended, five girls would be sitting in wet panties. At least Jackie wasn’t gonna be alone.

Lindsay shuddered as Jackie finished her accident. The sight and sound of it had been enough to draw a few needful leaks out of her own bladder. When she wriggled her hips, she could feel the clamminess of her panties. It didn’t feel like anything had seeped through to her jeans yet, and she had to really strain her muscles to make sure that didn’t happen.

She kept glancing out the window, counting the number of blocks separating her from much needed relief. ‘You can make it,” she told herself. She had abandoned her strategy of just trying not to THINK about her need, because it had become all-consuming. So, now she was focused entirely on mentally chanting to herself that she could withstand it. If she repeated it enough times, she hoped that it might come true.

Carmella was trying a similar tactic, mumbling “I can make it, I can make it, I can make it…” But, she couldn’t believe the words even as she was saying them. Her steady dribbling had been replaced by occasional, rushing bursts, and her hands were already drenched. They felt really gross, covered in her own pee. She was sure they smelled strongly now as well. She was so miserable.

Now that Jackie had wet herself, Carmella was having an even harder time hanging on. At last, some of the embarrassment was fading. Everyone was having an accident today, if she did it, it wouldn’t matter. The shock of it would be gone, she’d just be one more girl who couldn’t hold it alongside a whole group of them.

Her motivation to keep waiting was fading. She was already so wet that she’d have to change, the seat below her was sodden too, so she wasn’t even protecting IT from getting messy. Her insides were twisting and churning so violently and all she wanted was for the pain to finally stop.

She wasn’t entirely sure if she made the conscious decision to begin wetting herself or not, but as she kept mentally counting off all the reasons that it didn’t MATTER if she continued holding it, her defenses all wore away. She was peeing. She was peeing for all she was worth, a stream erupting from her that was so noisy it drew everyone’s attention.

She covered her face in shame as her teammates all watched her have an accident, she squirmed beneath their gazes, which of course did nothing to stem the flow from her bladder. Now that she was going, there was no way she could stop. Against her will, her body started to shake, a shiver of intense relief as the pressure finally faded after so many hours of painful restraint. Why? Why did this have to feel so good? Why did this have to make her eyes roll back in her head, why did this have to make her want to moan?

She kept trembling as wave after wave poured out of her, she didn’t WANT it to feel good, but it just DID. It felt amazing, she wanted to pee forever, she wanted to feel this bliss for the rest of her life, and to never feel the terrible throbs of holding it in again.

Of course, it had to stop eventually. Like Jackie, it took way over a minute for Carmella to drain out. Once she was emptied, she started to cry again. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry! I tried so hard to hold it!”

“It’s okay,” Sidney said. “None of us was able to hold it…”

Except for Lindsay anyway, but it seemed Sidney had forgotten that one of them was still full. She remembered once Lindsay released a pained groan and doubled forwards.

“Lindsay,” Sidney said. “If you can’t make it, that’s fine.”

Lindsay KNEW that it would be okay. No one here would have any business making fun of her after today. They all probably just EXPECTED her to wet herself now, because that was how the day had been going.

Lindsay still felt like she might be able to keep herself plugged shut, though. Gazing out the window, she could tell they were close. Maybe ten minutes. Ten minutes that she needed to move a whole Hell of a lot faster, but still— It wasn’t that much further! She could do this!

‘Hold it,’ she ordered herself. ‘Hold it… Hold it, hold it, hold it…’ She repeated this mantra all the way back to their campus, but she didn’t let herself relax when the bus stopped. She’d made it here, yes, but she still had to find a toilet in time. She still had to stand up, walk off the bus, get to a stall, lock the door, pull down her pants, sit… She still had so much to do before she could rest.

She just hoped she could manage all of that.

The damp girls all piled off the bus right away, red-faced, blushing and eager to get themselves changed into dry panties before someone else noticed how drenched they were. Lindsay stayed back, collecting herself.

She sucked in a sharp breath when she finally stood from her seat. She glanced down at it for a second, double checking that none of her leaks had made it to the material. It was still clean… It was okay… Everything was going to be okay, she just had to… Had to start walking.

She hobbled from the bus, folded in half with her hands crammed between her thighs. Lindsay was aware that this was an utterly blatant display of desperation and she was likely to walk past a few people before she reached a bathroom. But, she could hardly care about that. If it prevented an accident, then she’d pee-dance for all she was worth no matter who was looking her way.

She struggled to remember where the nearest facilities were to her current location. Determining that she’d be on the toilet the fastest if she went to the campus cafe, she limped in that direction. She did pass other students along the way, and she could feel their eyes all scorching into her quivering back. She ignored them. They didn’t matter. All that mattered was using the toilet. Ohhh, she needed a toilet…

She shoved open the door to the cafe and hobbled in. A few heads swiveled to look at her, and she shut her eyes against them as she paused to regain her bearings for a second. She was so close now… Her bladder was ripping and tearing, threatening to break apart right there. Being so close to a bathroom was making her need one worse than ever, prompting her body to try to get ahead of her and begin emptying before she was actually ready.

Once she felt like she’d be able to walk without peeing, she resumed her shaky paces. She made it to the back of the cafe, eyes stinging as she looked up at the sign for the women’s room. It felt like it had been a lifetime since she’d last seen such a sign. She forced one hand away from her crotch to push it open and was met with—

A line…

No… No, please, no… Not now. Any time but now… She couldn’t wait any longer!

There were two stalls, both in use. Two girls blissfully letting go of hissing streams that echoed in the small room. One of them even gave a tiny sigh that wrapped a fist around Lindsay’s exploding bladder. This was torture, pure and simple torture…

Three women were ahead of her in the line, and she forced herself to stand behind them, hopeful that they’d all be done quickly. She considered looking for another restroom without a line, but didn’t think her bladder could handle much more walking before it crumbled. She didn’t bother asking if she could cut, because the girls ahead of her were twisting and crossing their legs, obviously eager to claim their stalls. They wouldn’t be willing to let her cut ahead.

The two who were lucky enough to actually be going were still peeing forcefully, they must have been holding it a while too. Lindsay tried to recall if any of the departments were doing exams today, that would explain all the desperation.

A toilet flushed, a pink-faced girl emerged from a stall, and the woman at the front of the line eagerly rushed into it. Lindsay jiggled and bobbed as she waited, not daring to let go of herself. When the other toilet flushed she bent forwards, doubling over and moaning. She had never needed to go so bad… Even the sinks a woman was now washing her hands at were beginning to look tempting.

She imagined herself yanking down her panties and positioning herself over the basin, finally unloading her burden… She had to shake her head to clear it of that image. She couldn’t do that, not right in front of people…

‘Ohhh, please just hurry…’ Lindsay thought as a toilet flushed again and the last woman separating her from relief took the spot. ‘I need to go NOW— RIGHT now! Have to—‘

At last, the other toilet flushed and the door to the stall started to open. Lindsay barreled her way into it, accidentally shoving the girl that was exiting. She muttered a muffled “Sorry,” as she clattered the lock into place, dancing between her feet and leaking a forceful gush. She yanked her pants down and threw herself onto the seat.

After holding it in for so long, it actually took several seconds for her bladder to get the message that it was OKAY to empty now. She squirmed on the toilet, rubbing a hand over her swollen, aching midsection. When she finally DID start to go, it was a slow trickle that didn’t do much to actually relieve her agony. It took a bit of time for her bladder to fully release.

But… Ohhhh, once it did… She moaned with immense pleasure as her body fully relaxed at last, it felt wonderful, and she just rested there limply as her body did what it had been dying to do for so, so long. It just kept gushing and pouring with no end in sight, making her pant and gasp as her tongue lolled with utter relief.

Like her fellow teammates, it took her over a minute to completely evacuate her bladder. In fact, it took her close to two to wring out every last drop of her ocean. Even after she was done, she just sat there for a moment. She was so exhausted, her legs felt limp… She didn’t think she could stand back up again.

But, she finally forced herself to when she heard the panicked groans of someone outside her stall, “Ohh, hurry! Please— I can’t hold it anymore!”

She stood, flushed and left her stall so that the next bursting girl could take it. As she washed her hands, she heard that girl start to pee, heard her erupt with a few moans. Lindsay blushed, certain that she must have sounded almost exactly like that.

Finally done, she left the bathroom, face reddening more as she went back through the cafe, past all the people who’d seen her so full and needy only minutes before.

Once outside, Lindsay decided it would be best if she checked on her teammates, they could probably all use some comfort after their accidents today.

