My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*009*2022-03-27 20:00

Shy Streamer

Samantha lived in two distinctly different worlds; The first world, the real world, was one in which she was nearly invisible. She hung around in the shadows, never approaching other people, never doing anything, never saying anything. In fact, when she TRIED to speak to someone in the real world, she’d feel as though her tongue was freezing itself stiff inside her mouth. The words inside her head would remain locked away in there, the key to set them free completely gone, if it had ever existed in the first place.

The second world, the digital world, was one in which she was impossible to miss. She was always on the front page of StreamWave, the site through which she live-streamed her play-throughs of various video games to her thousands of adoring fans. She spoke freely, openly and easily. The words inside her head would be able to tumble out her mouth, flowing comfortably forth. She didn’t need to worry that she didn’t seem to possess the ability to look another human being in the eye without hyperventilating, because she could look into the false-eye of her webcam just fine. Online, Samantha’s shyness vanished.

For the most part.

There was one part of Samantha’s body that would remain bashful and awkward no matter which world she was currently occupying; Her bladder.

Samantha was pee-shy, though she found the cutesy sounding term a bit too soft to adequately describe the Hell that the condition had wrought upon her life.

Her battle with this seemingly impossible to defeat demon began all the way back on her first day of pre-school. As was standard practice for the lower grades at school, Samantha’s teacher had brought the entire class to the restroom for a toilet break. It was there that Samantha discovered the way the bathroom for the pre-school class was designed; Instead of a regular door, each stall had a door that looked like it had been cut in half. Only the mid-section of a person would be obscured behind it, their head would be visibly as well as their feet. They looked like saloon doors out of an Old West film.

Most likely, it was set up in the peculiar fashion so that adults could better keep an eye on the young kids who hadn’t developed proper coordination skills yet, and could easily assist if someone needed help. Whatever the reason, though, the decision to place only half of a door onto each stall was very upsetting to little Samantha. Couple that with her being surrounded by other little kids who were far too curious about what one another were doing and Samantha hadn’t been able to go.

At that age, she hadn’t really understood the idea that she just felt very nervous and so had been incapable of relaxing her body. Using the faulty logic of her four-year-old brain, she decided that since she couldn’t pee, that meant she just… Never had to do that even more. So, even though it felt like she had to go, she thought for sure her body had just changed somehow and now using the toilet was no longer necessary.

She learned that this assumption was incorrect later on, when she had an accident in front of all of her new classmates; The people she would be required to socialize with until the day she finally graduated twelfth grade. The laughter that day had been deafening to her upset ears, and her crying only made it worse.

Then, she’d continued to have accidents at school. Even though she was always TRYING to go during each bathroom break, she just wouldn’t be able to do it, and more often than not she’d embarrass herself again before the day was finally over.

After numerous calls home about the situation, her parents had been baffled; Samantha never had accidents at home! Not even at night! They’d taken her to a doctor eventually, worried that maybe she had an infection that was making it hard for her to tell when she had to go. The tests were all negative, and Samantha didn’t have the vocabulary to explain what the problem actually was; She couldn’t understand it at all herself!

The next year in Kindergarten, Samantha had gained a reputation amongst her peers for being ‘gross’ because of all her accidents in pre-school. She became a favorite target of teasing and taunts. The stalls in the restroom the Kindergarten class was brought to finally had real doors, but they didn’t help Samantha at all. Now, all the other girls in her class were so cruel to her about her earlier mishaps that they’d make awful comments whenever she entered a stall. They cut so deep, and Samantha wouldn’t be able to stop thinking about how all of their attention was fixated on her, and yet again she would be unable to go.

Kindergarten would be a very embarrassing year for her as well, and the bullying worsened and worsened. The same would be true of first grade and of second, though by then she was getting slightly better at making it home each day— Always in extreme discomfort.

In third grade, something happened that would finally lead to a diagnosis of the issue. The last day before Winter break, the class would have a big party. Samantha sat completely alone all through it, no one wanted to be caught dead near the girl everyone thought was disgusting, after all. She hadn’t actually learned the connection between drinking and peeing yet, so she’d made the horrible decision of drinking several cups of juice. Before long, she was desperate. She tried to go several times, but each attempt would be unsuccessful.

Soon, she was in the nurses office, her face streaked with tears as she sobbed from both pain and terror. Her insides hurt so badly, and she didn’t understand why she couldn’t just go. Normally, she would have wet herself long before then, and as embarrassing as that was, it terrified her that it apparently couldn’t happen anymore. She thought that maybe she actually could explode and that she was going to die.

The nurse had no clue what was going on with her, told her repeatedly that if she had to use the bathroom, then she just had to go do it. But as Samantha persisted and babbled about how she couldn’t, the nurse finally called her parents. The ride home was excruciating, but at least it was just barely fast enough.

The next day, she was brought to the doctor once more. And, having finally gained the ability to explain her problem coherently, the doctor at last had an idea of what had been causing her suffering for so long. He called it Paruresis, and explained to her and her parents that it was an anxiety disorder, one that was likely being made worse by all of the bullying she had mentioned.

But, while the doctor had been able to NAME Samantha’s issue, CURING it was a different story. He suggested a breathing exercise to her, where she would simply sit on the toilet and hold her breath. Doing this could sometimes induce urination.

And, sometimes, it did.

But, only if Samantha was in a single-person bathroom, and she couldn’t hear people moving or talking on the other side of the door.

It didn’t help her at school where there would always be someone in an adjacent stall, or the constant lingering threat that somebody could walk in at any moment. At school, she’d hold her breath for so long she got dizzy and felt like she was going to pass out, but she would never go.

After that day with the party, Samantha’s accidents had finally ceased, but they had been replaced by something far worse; After that, instead of wetting herself when it got to be too much, her body would instead go into convulsive fits of mind-breaking pain that often brought her to tears.

Then, not only was she mocked for her past failures to hold it, she was mocked also for how frequently she cried. No one respected her. No one liked her. No one wanted her as a friend. And, the more she was bullied, the less easy it was for her to pee. By middle school, when the taunts Samantha was subjected to grew even more vicious, the breath-holding technique no longer worked at all— Even if it WAS just a single-person bathroom. Samantha was to the point that she could only pee at her home, nowhere else. And her parents couldn’t be anywhere near the door.

During those years, her family took a big vacation together, and Samantha’s problem completely ruined it. The drive had been long, and Samantha had been unable to go at any of the stops they took along the way. Upon arriving at the hotel, she was fighting back tears from how much it hurt, not wanting to worry her parents. Then, up in their room, Samantha STILL hadn’t been able to go and then she just broke down. She sobbed so hard her sides shook.

Her Mom asked what was wrong, and Samantha cried to her that she needed to go so badly, that she hadn’t been able to for so long, and it all just hurt so much. Her parents had never fully understood Samantha’s issue, they’d always thought “Well, if she has to pee badly enough, she’ll be able to then,” but now they finally saw the full extent of how much Samantha’s body fought her.

They left the room eventually, Samantha turned on the bathroom sink and held her breath.

It took her ten minutes to go.

This would be the case every time she needed a bathroom break during the trip.

Samantha felt so awful by the end of it. She’d made such a simple thing into a big, huge hassle. Causing her parents to need to bring her back to the hotel every few hours, interrupting whatever they’d been doing. Needing them to leave the room whenever she had to go… Her bladder had ruined the fun and relaxation of the trip for her and, she thought, for her parents as well.

Even after they assured her countless times that they weren’t angry at her for a thing she couldn’t control, Samantha began to DEEPLY hate herself after that trip.

The self-hatred would persist into her high school years. She was still completely friendless, and when she realized she’d gone her entire life without ever having a best friend— Or even A friend at all— and that her stupid bladder was the main cause of that, she was overcome by the anger she felt. It wasn’t fair. Why did PEEING have to be so freaking difficult?! Everyone else could do it effortlessly! No one else had to plan their life around when they’d next be able to pee. No one else had to carefully measure every sip of water against the amount of time they had left before they’d be back home. Only her. She was the only person that had such poor control over their own body. She was the only person that had a body that was at war with them.

The jeers from her classmates were still coming, and by then she swore they’d forgotten how and why it all started, just that Samantha was something that deserved ridicule. They made fun of the way she stood, they made fun of the way she walked, they made fun of her voice, her hair, her clothes… They made fun of everything.

The only time they seemed to remember the original cause of Samantha’s exclusion was when she made a Big Mistake; When she took one too many sips of water at lunch time, when she didn’t empty her bladder SECONDS before leaving the house in the morning, when she had to stay late at the school for whatever reason… When she got desperate.

Because, when she got desperate, she squirmed. She writhed. She danced. In spite of knowing that her disobedient, shy bladder would likely NOT allow her to wet herself when others were present and giving her stage-fright, she was unable to stop her body from moving around in an attempt to prevent one. Her pee-dancing, rather than helping her hold it in until she reached a toilet like it would for a normal person served only one purpose; To alert her bullies to the fact that she had to go.

And when they noticed, they got brutal. They’d recall their ‘favorite’ stories of Samantha’s childhood accidents. If they had a bottle of water, they’d shake it up and force her to listen to it sloshing. They’d describe oceans and rivers in vivid detail and make hissing sounds with their mouths. They’d do anything they could to make Samantha’s need worse than it already was, and when it finally got bad enough to make her cry, they’d laugh.

Graduating high school should have been a happy occasion, one that would finally set her free from a lifetime of torment and allow her to find friends who knew nothing of how ostracized she’d been before. But, it didn’t do that. The town she lived in was too small. Everyone knew everyone. Everyone knew that association with Samantha was social poison. Everyone knew that Samantha had something wrong with her that caused people to dislike her. Although, what exactly that ‘something’ was a bit of a mystery to a lot of people.

Instead of feeling happy or excited about her future after high school, Samantha became deeply depressed. She didn’t see anything ahead of her that looked different from what she’d just left behind. She could go to college, but her grades weren’t anything spectacular (It was hard to pass a class with flying colors when all she could focus on during tests was how badly she needed to pee) She’d only be able to attend the local community college; The one that would be full of the people that had picked on her her entire life. That idea hadn’t been appealing at all.

She could apply for a job somewhere, but with no degree her prospects were basically worthless. Long hours for barely any pay. She actually DID work a job in fast food for a little while, but her bladder had ruined that for her too. She got stuck working a sixteen hour shift to make up for someone else not showing up. She, naturally, couldn’t pee in the restroom at work. And she hadn’t been able to make it sixteen hours without going, either.

Samantha made it quite a while, nearly thirteen hours, before all at once it became way, WAY too much. The pressure inside her bladder was enough to make her nauseas, and the world was spinning all around her. She broke out in a cold sweat as chills rolled through her. She was scared she was either going to throw up, pass out, or finally pee her pants again for the first time in years.

She couldn’t do it. She couldn’t take it anymore. Hours upon hours of constantly increasing desperation had driven her to the brink of insanity, and she was screwing up more customer’s orders than she was getting right. Finally, she told her boss that she was feeling very unwell and needed to go home.

Her boss had just frowned at her, “And what am I supposed to do, then? You’re the only one that showed up tonight,” he demanded.

She apologized over and over again, and with the way she was squirming, with the way her hips were shaking and her knees were crossing, she was sure he knew what was really bothering her. “I just really, really have to go home now.”

Indeed, he COULD tell what her problem was. “You need the bathroom?”

Samantha didn’t respond. She just couldn’t. Her mouth refused to work, her tongue froze and went as dry as she wished her bladder could be.

“Why do you need to go HOME for that. We have a toilet HERE.”

Again, Samantha couldn’t speak. She simply stood there and trembled.

“Fine!” her boss threw up his hands in exasperation. “Go home.”

Samantha went home.

Samantha peed so hard and for so long that her entire body shuddered and shook from relief.

Samantha got a phone call the next day telling her not to bother coming into work anymore.

Samantha cried.

Her bladder had ruined her life. She did not think it was dramatic at all to say that. Her bladder had destroyed her ability to make friends. Her bladder had wrecked her high school GPA and ruined any chance of her going to a decent college. Her bladder had dashed any hope of her ever leaving this awful town and the horrible people in it. And now, her bladder had cost her the only job she’d ever had; And a really shitty one at that.

Thanks to her bladder, Samantha couldn’t even hold down an atrocious minimum wage fast food job. What hope did she even have for a future now? Absolutely none. That was it. Absolutely none.

She wished so much that the silly theory she’d had on her first day of pre-school— That she simply just didn’t have to pee anymore ever again— had been true. Maybe then, she’d be allowed to have a life.

But, that was apparently too much for her to ask for.

Then, she’d discovered streaming.

And suddenly, the world began to open back up to her.

Online, people could see her for who she actually was, instead of as the weak, strange girl with continence issues that her bullies described her as.

Because, online, no one knew about her past reputation. No one knew that she’d ever been an object of ridicule. No one knew that she’d once been known only for the frequency at which she wet her pants. No one knew that her bladder was her nemesis.

And no one WOULD ever know, either.

Live-streaming was something she could easily do from the comfort of her own home, where the only toilet she was capable of using was always available. Unlike at her old school or her first job, she would not have to stay out for several long hours without being able to come home and pee.

But, that didn’t mean there weren’t any problems.

Live-streaming, after all, was something that resulted in a lot of people placing their undivided attention on her. And, not only was Samantha unable to pee around other people, she also couldn’t manage to force herself to just say the words “I have to pee” to somebody.

Not even a crowd of faceless, anonymous people on the Internet.

She couldn’t even bring herself to say something like “I’m gonna go get some chips,” or “I need to let the dog out in the yard,” as a way to ‘disguise’ a pee-break. She was just too convinced that everyone would be able to guess what she was ACTUALLY leaving to go do, and therefore all of their thoughts would be focused on the idea of her peeing.

Unacceptable.

So, whenever she did a stream, she’d pee before it began, try not to drink much throughout it, and hold her bladder until it was over.

Usually, this worked out okay. A lifetime of dealing with her problem had at least one positive outcome; Samantha’s bladder was large, strong, and used to accommodating large quantities of urine for extended periods of time. Her limit these days seemed to be about twelve hours, depending upon how much she drank. Any longer than that and she’d feel on the verge of exploding.

Streams rarely lasted THAT long though, so at most she’d only feel a little uncomfortable by the end of one, not the painful, catastrophic desperation she would endure after too much time had passed.

Today however, she knew she was about to face a test.

She was doing a live-stream to help raise money for an animal rights charity. She would be playing Tetris, a game which she was incredibly skilled at. Tetris was an easy game to play, and very difficult to master, but Samantha had done it. The version that she played steadily increased its level of difficulty every time the player cleared a certain number of lines, and after the fifteenth level had been completed, it finished.

As in any version of the game, clearing four lines at once was called a Tetris and resulted in the player scoring the highest amount of points. Samantha’s goal for the live-stream was to get all the way to the end of level fifteen while ONLY clearing four lines at once. Every time she scored points, it would need to come from a Tetris.

She had done it once before, so she knew it was possible. Just, that it took a lot of tries, which was going to take a long, long time. And even so, no matter WHEN she achieved her goal in the game, she had a minimum quota she wanted to reach for donations to the animal rights charity; At least ten thousand dollars. Samantha’s live-stream would not end until both those goals had been met.

And, she knew it would be very, VERY difficult to keep a different kind of stream inside her body for all that time.

Naturally, before the stream was set to begin, she relieved her bladder. Samantha found herself cringing at the noise when her stream began to hiss particularly loudly. Why did peeing have to be so noisy? It was so embarrassing! She couldn’t understand how ANYONE could be okay with making such a sound where another person could hear it!

Still, beneath the shame she always associated with urination, there was a lot of relief. Samantha had actually skipped peeing this morning after waking up, to ensure that she’d be ABLE to go minutes before her live-stream was set to start. She was like any other person, her bladder ALWAYS ached to be released first thing in the morning, and it was a struggle to put that off for a couple more hours. She’d been squirming slightly before she’d finally decided it was a good time to go.

And, wow was she ever going… She’d been sat there for almost a full minute already and still wasn’t completely done. Samantha’s pees usually lasted a while, and that embarrassed her to no end as well. If someone overheard, knew how long it took her to finish, they’d be judging her for sure. They’d be wondering what in the world was wrong with her, why she’d held in so much for so long, they’d giggle about how she must have been having an emergency. They’d think she had something wrong with her, and Samantha thought that somehow they’d just KNOW what it was. Somehow, they’d KNOW that her bladder had an atrocious case of stage-fright, and they’d laugh more about how silly it was to get so shy and tense about something that was completely natural and which everyone did.

As her pee finally wound down to a trickle and then ceased, Samantha shook her head. She did not want to be thinking about all of that right now. None of the important people would think that about her; Her parents didn’t, and all of her fans online would never even KNOW about this to begin with. It was okay.

Several minutes later, she was in front of her webcam and greeting everyone that had already joined to watch the live-stream. She gave a brief opening spiel about the animal rights charity she was supporting, and an explanation of the challenge she was undertaking in the game. “This is probably going to be a long stream, because I’ve got TWO goals I need to reach today. First, I need to get the highest possible score in Tetris. And, more important, I have to raise money for this group. So, get comfortable, this is going to take a while.”

She started up the game and began to play. She really was amazing at Tetris. It had been a favorite of hers since she was little and had played a version on her GameBoy Advance every night as she fell asleep. Something about the orderly way the pieces all fit together, all joined and cozied up to one another, made her feel good. She liked being able to mesh them all together in a nice, functional group that worked in spite of their different shapes and appearances. It had been calming, comforting.

Naturally, after years of playing the same simple game, she’d become immensely talented at it. It was easy for her to focus her attention on the main board as well as the icons displaying which pieces would be coming next. It was simple for her to plan out each move within a matter of seconds and know exactly where to place each piece. Even when she got into the upper levels and the game’s speed grew faster and faster, she was able to keep up with it.

Her viewers enjoyed watching her play the game, they thought it was cool how much control she had over it; She thought it was cool, too. There were so few things she COULD control, it was so nice to have this one thing that she could take command of.

Donations were coming through, each one accompanied by a message which Samantha managed to respond to without breaking her concentration on the game.

There was an odd thing she’d noticed ever since she’d started streaming, and that was the fact that a lot of people would send streamers messages to drink more water. She’d watched other streamers in the past, and they got these reminders as often as she did, so it wasn’t just something about HER that prompted them. She’d also noticed other streamers rarely seemed to hydrate themselves while working, so she supposed the messages probably really did come from a genuine interest in the person’s health.

But, Samantha hated those little reminders. She didn’t WANT to drink anything while doing a stream! She didn’t WANT to risk putting any extra water into her bladder! She didn’t WANT to tempt fate and allow herself to become truly desperate!

But, she still ALWAYS took a few sips from her water bottle when these messages came in. What could she do? If she ignored them outright, that would be rude, especially since the person sending it had just given her money! And, she couldn’t very well SAY “I can’t drink water, because I don’t want to end up needing to pee.” Then somebody would ask WHY that was such a big problem. Others would probably tell her how it was perfectly fine to take a bathroom break if she needed one. Her viewers may even begin to WATCH her for signs that she had to go, and then ask why she WASN’T making any move to get up and take care of it!

Every time she played out this scenario, it always ended with her having to EXPLAIN that she just couldn’t go, that she’d NEVER been able to go, and that she couldn’t control her own body anywhere near as well as she could control the puzzle pieces in a game of Tetris. And, every time, she imagined her fans no longer looking up to her, no longer admiring her, no longer respecting her after they’d learned the truth. She imagined them thinking she was weird, that she had something deeply wrong with her, that she was broken. She imagined them all leaving. She imagined herself being completely friendless, alone, jobless and broke yet again.

Samantha was convinced that all of those horrible things would really come to fruition if she ever gave even the slightest hint towards her issue while doing a live-stream. She could not allow her viewers to have ANY clues that could lead them towards the agonizing, desperate bane to her existence.

So, whenever someone told her to drink more water, she did it. She did it and she pretended that it wasn’t a big deal, that it was perfectly casual and she didn’t spare it a second thought. But, she ALWAYS spared it a second thought, and a third and fourth thought as well. She always tried not to shudder as she considered where those sips of water were going to go.

After ten hours, Samantha was halfway to her monetary goal, but still hadn’t achieved her gaming goal. She’d come close a couple times, but she continued to mess up in some way; Either she’d stack the pieces too high and lose altogether, or she’d accidentally clear just one or two lines and break the streak.

Quite a few of the donations had also come with messages encouraging her to hydrate. She knew that each sender probably meant well. She could feel a slight dizziness and a bit of a headache forming every so often, a sign that she really DID need to drink more. But, every time she took in a new mouthful of water, a tiny nagging ripple in her bladder region would warn her that this was a bad idea.

She did need to go by then, enough to begin crossing her legs underneath her desk. Her webcam didn’t pick up her legs at all, so she could squirm them around and bounce her knees as much as she wanted. No one would notice the fidgeting down below, no one would be able to guess as to what its cause may be. No one would figure out Samantha sort of needed the bathroom. No one would send a comment telling her that she should just go. No one would do anything that could prompt Samantha into needing to explain herself.

No one would find out that Samantha was broken and couldn’t pee.

It would be okay.

Two hours later, and Samantha was beginning to worry more. It had now been twelve hours since she’d last peed, the usual length of time she could manage before it started to get bad for her.

And, it certainly WAS starting to get bad for her now.

Her legs had been completely knotted for the last half hour. Over the years she’d spent fighting with the demon that had taken control of her bladder, Samantha had discovered that human-legs could bend and twist in a lot of different ways that one wouldn’t really expect. She’d tangled them up in a way that would look absolutely agonizing to anyone who saw.

Luckily, no one COULD see at the moment. No one could see that her legs were crossed both at the ankles and at the knees. No one could see that her feet and were rubbing up against each other. No one could see that her lower limbs were tightened around one another so viciously that she was likely cutting off all the blood circulation… Strike that, she definitely was. Her feet were beginning to get a bit numb and tingly.

But, NOW it was getting hard to keep the restless squirming confined to just the lower half of her body, to just the parts that were obscured from her viewers. She’d begun to bounce in her seat a little bit, her upper body beginning to shake with tension. She rocked back and forth, side to side, trying to give her bladder more room to stretch out.

She was starting to feel more worried.

She’d known the stream would last for a long time, but she hadn’t expected it to be THIS long. She’d never gotten to this point in front of her audience, had never gotten to the point where it began to get hard to conceal her desperation from them. But, she WAS getting there now. It took a concentrated effort to keep her expression somewhere between neutral and happy. It took a lot of work to stop herself from jiggling in place, and then once she finally managed it the signals from within built and flared in an attempt to make her start moving again. Her legs, the only things that she ALLOWED to move, did so with startling rapidness. Crossing first one way and then the other, knees bouncing, toes tapping… But, it wasn’t enough to quell the growing waves within that were becoming more and more irritating with every passing second.

And, she was still getting donations with reminders to drink more water attached to them.

She listened every time, wary of where it was all going, but even MORE wary of someone catching on to her nervousness. She’d finished her first water bottle ages ago, and then the second as well, then the third…

Now, she was half-way through a fourth, all of that fluid being pumped through her body and into a bladder that REALLY didn’t want to need to try accommodating any more of it. Each time she swallowed another mouth-full, the twinges from down below would pulse more firmly. Each time she swallowed another mouth-full, her bladder would throb and the urine inside it would try to shove itself downwards, knocking hard against the gate to freedom. Each time she swallowed another mouth-full, she’d tighten her legs and grit her teeth… Then, thank the donator for the reminder.

Because she couldn’t have anyone wondering WHY she wasn’t grateful.

An hour later, Samantha had reached her donation goal, but still hadn’t accomplished her gaming one. And she was also very, very desperate to do so. She was sitting on top of one of her feet now, trying to wedge it up against her opening to keep anything from coming out… If it could.

Around the time she finally stopped having accidents at school, the mortifying incidents being replaced by seriously painful ones, she began to wonder if perhaps her bladder shyness had reached such an extreme that she COULDN’T wet herself with someone near her anymore. She’d thought that maybe her anxiety had gotten so intense that it overrode the ‘fail-safe’ process her body would usually deploy if her bladder became too full. In short, she worried that now, rather than peeing her pants when her bladder’s limit broke, real damage ended up being done to her body.

Because, that was the point of wetting oneself, after all. When there was too much fluid inside, the body forced the bladder to empty to prevent build-up of toxins, or back-flow into the kidneys. Accidents happened because the body was trying to keep itself safe.

But, several times in the past, when Samantha felt many of the same things she’d once experienced in the seconds leading up to a wetting— A sudden shudder in her abdomen, an intense tugging around her urethra, a feverish chill— Instead of her clothing becoming sodden during the next few moments, what she’d feel would be—

GAAAAHHHHHH!!!

THAT! What she’d feel would be THAT!

A gasp fell from Samantha’s bitten lips, one that sounded utterly agonized— Because that was how Samantha felt; Agonized. Completely. Totally. A sharp, fizzing bolt of pain sent shockwaves of hurt through her bladder, like it was being gouged and stabbed repeatedly by razor blades, but somehow NOT hard enough to make it tear and spring a leak. Her urethral opening felt like it was having red pepper flakes rubbed into it. But, the worst part of all was her back.

The pressure within her bladder built to an intense roar, and began to move beyond the confines of its walls. It began to move up, up, up, soaring through her back with a feeling she likened to being trampled by a stampede of rampaging elephants. The pain settled down in her sides, throbbing intensely just beneath her shuddering rib cage as she fought to catch her breath.

This was what Samantha got to experience now in lieu of an accident. She got to experience real, genuine torture courtesy of her own body instead. It was the worst feeling in the entire world, every nerve inside her screamed and begged for it to stop. But, it wouldn’t. It wouldn’t stop now until after she’d peed— and even then she’d likely remain sore and tender— It wouldn’t stop now until after she concluded the stream.

“Ahhhh… Hahhh…” Samantha panted, trying to catch her breath as she adjusted to the new pain within. Her vision had blurred and gone white for several seconds as the ache had torn through her, and only now did she realize that the pieces in her game had once again stacked too high and she’d lost.

Lost… On level five…

After making a noise that had shaken with obvious exertion…

She winced as a new donation came in, hoping that it wasn’t going to tell her to put any more fluid into her body. When she opened it, it was even worse.

It was a question asking if she was okay.

Samantha wasn’t okay. She wasn’t okay at all. She bounced in her chair and ground herself harshly against her foot, but these meagre actions did nothing to soothe her throbbing, tormented bladder. ‘I’m not okay, I need the bathroom so bad that it really hurts!’ the suffering organ begged her to say.

She wished she COULD say that. She wished she could simply say “Oh, it’s nothing. Just need a toilet break, I’ll be back in a minute!” Then, she’d be able to just stand up and hobble to the restroom, free herself from her miserable burden.

But, she couldn’t. She couldn’t allow anyone to know, to think about how she was… Going…

Would she even be ABLE to pee if she announced her need for a break now and left? She doubted it. She was positive that if she told her viewers she had to go and then took a seat on the toilet, rather than the relief she sought she’d only be met with more pressure and anguish. Her bladder would surely just refuse to relax while her brain supplied her with ideas of all the horrible things her viewers were probably thinking about her.

‘Couldn’t she hold it? We’re paying to actually WATCH her!’

‘Oh, it looked like she was having an emergency, too. Why’d she wait so long?’

‘She’s been gone a REALLY long time, I think she just ditched us.’

‘How rude! Well, I won’t be watching HER again!’

The worst thing was, Samantha knew how preposterous all those statements sounded. She knew how unlikely it was that anyone would CARE that she’d taken a pee break. But, she knew if she went to the toilet, they’d be all she could focus on, and she’d return obviously still distressed. Then, someone would ask if she was okay AGAIN and she wouldn’t know what to say that wouldn’t result in her secret and her horrible past being exposed.

Samantha realized she’d been sitting there, completely silent, and staring at the game over screen for almost a full minute.

She still had to answer the last message.

“O—Oh, yeah,” Samantha said. “I’m fine, I just…” Her brain scrambled to think of a decent excuse, but it was so flooded with piss that it was hard to think of anything that wasn’t related to that. “Uh… I heard something fall in another room. It startled me a bit, that’s all. Don’t worry. And… And, hey, we’re WAY past our funding goal now,” she added, trying to change the subject. “That’s awesome! You guys are awesome! Thank you so, so much!”

That crisis averted for the time being, Samantha restarted the game. She’d made the discovery that, while she was a master of Tetris ordinarily, the game was one that required a lot of concentration. Concentration that she no longer had.

When Samantha could FOCUS, it was no problem to keep stock of which pieces were going to be dropped next, and when to place a piece on-hold for later use. When Samantha could FOCUS, she could do both those things without needing to think that hard about it.

Samantha couldn’t exactly focus when it felt like bullets had been fired into her kidneys while her bladder was being twisted and yanked on inside a taffy machine. Most of her mental energy needed to be sent down to her bladder and to the muscles controlling it. Every thought became dominated by knowing when to clench, when to shift, when to breathe so as to not agitate her urgent need any further than it already was. She was beginning to lose the game more often in the earlier levels, and rarely was she managing to actually clear four lines at once like she wanted to.

After a few pathetic rounds in the game, a new message popped up; “Are you sure you’re okay? Are you getting tired or something?”

Samantha was getting a little tired. Sitting in one place for so long, staring at a screen wasn’t exactly the BEST thing for her health… But, what had exhausted her most was enduring the crushing weight of her distressed bladder. Clenching and tightening all of her lower muscles rhythmically for hours had taken a lot out of her. She could actually feel sweat pooling down her back from all of the continued effort and tension— ‘Good,’ she thought. ‘Maybe that means some of the water won’t turn into pee now.’

“I’m fine,” she promised the commenter. “I am a little tired, but I’ll get a second wind soon. Don’t worry.”

No sooner than she said that did a new message arrive; “Drink some water. You’ll feel better.”

Samantha fought back a groan as she reached for her water bottle. She took a teensy, little sip, her throat seeming to actively protest it as she swallowed it down. Her entire midsection shuddered and cramped. It felt like that sip of water had plinked right into the swollen barrel that was her bladder— And it felt like it had been a lot more than just one small sip, too.

The spasm leveled her for a moment, made her squeeze her eyes shut and dig her heel even more firmly into her crotch, but finally it settled back down. Her bladder was no longer actively trembling inside her.

“O—Okay,” she said, voice shaking. “That’s done now… Let’s try this again.”

As she continued her attempts at her self-imposed gaming challenge, she cursed herself for committing to it. She’d already promised that she would succeed, and now she couldn’t stop until she finally did. Managing it seemed to be growing more and more impossible as her bladder swelled further and further.

After losing another round, Samantha finally dared to look down at herself. Her face flamed at the sight of her foot doing its best to act as a dam for the roaring ocean slamming against her opening. She blushed more at the speed at which her knee was bouncing. Her eyes grew wide when she saw the painful, large bump inside her middle.

She knew right away what the bump was. She’d seen it before on other occasions when she’d be kept from a ‘safe’ toilet for too long. She knew that it meant her bladder was so full that it was beginning to protrude, that her need was intense enough to become physically visible and yet she’d still be unable to relax and empty if she tried.

Although, she had NOT ever seen that bump get so BIG before in her life. It scared her. It looked like a malignant, angry growth that was filled with viciousness and hatred for her. It looked like something that wanted nothing more than to make her miserable for the rest of her life.

That, she knew, was exactly what it was. Samantha hated her bladder, and she knew that IT hated her even more. It had waged a campaign to destroy her ever since she was a child. Now, it wanted to rob her of her fans. That was EXACTLY what it wanted to do today, Samantha was sure of it.

She was NOT going to let it win!

When she looked back at her screen, she caught sight of the chat-messages flowing across one side from all her viewers. She saw a lot of her regular fans, but also some new people. And, some of the new people were… They were talking about how much she was shaking, about her squirming and fidgeting…

“I think you’re right, she’s so cute.”

“Look at how much she’s moving around. Can’t hold still for one second!”

“Bet she thinks we can’t tell ;)”

“It’s so bad that she can barely play the game even more.”

“I wonder why she doesn’t stop…? Not that I’m complaining!”

Samantha stared as more comments like that blitzed across the screen. They mortified her, it sounded like some people may have been catching on to what was wrong! They could tell, and they were talking about it, and they probably thought it was funny or something!

Some of the messages also really confused her. ‘Cute’!? What about it was CUTE!? Nothing about needing to pee was the least bit cute. It was embarrassing, and humiliating and she hated it!

In fact, now that she’d thought about it, if they were saying she was cute then that probably meant they HADN’T guessed she needed to pee, after all. They must have thought something ELSE was making her act so twitchy instead. Simple. Needing to pee was not cute, and therefore if someone thought she looked cute right now, they surely couldn’t tell that she had to go!

Now that she’d sorted that out inside her mind, she relaxed a little bit more. Not too much, of course. The pins and needles jabbing away inside her bladder made it impossible for her to feel THAT relaxed, after all.

But, she was calm enough to try the game again.

Once more, Samantha did her very best to complete her challenge. By that point, the pressure of her need was no longer coming in waves. It was constant, a never-ending pulsing throb against her opening that only grew in strength the more time passed. As she struggled to organize the puzzle pieces in the game, Samantha continually thought to herself that it must have been impossible to need the bathroom any worse than she already did.

But, every few seconds, this thought would be proven wrong as the weight bearing down on her sphincter doubled or tripled.

After several more failed attempts, she suddenly got four donations all at once. Pretty big ones, too!

But… All four of them came with messages telling her to drink more water. She stared at them, shocked for a moment. What a weird coincidence… Did she look dehydrated? She’d been biting her lips a lot, so they probably appeared cracked now… That must have been it.

After reading the messages aloud she tried to smile. She even tried to force a laugh, but only managed a choked sounding “Ha!” that made her almost double over completely as it shook the beyond irritated walls of her bladder. “O—Oh, wow… Y—You guys really c—care about my health, huh?” she stammered. Her eyesight tilted towards the chat messages.

“LOL”

“Of course. Your health. ;)”

“Gotta take care of you! <3”

So… They did seem to actually just be concerned. Samantha would have to try to leave her lip alone, lest it prompt any more ‘reminders’ like that… She looked over to the half-empty water bottle and begrudgingly reached for it. When her hands wrapped around it and picked it up, the liquid inside of it sloshed back and forth— And the liquid inside of Samantha moved in time with it. She clenched her eyes shut, tried to ignore the maddening sight.

She uncapped it, and her bladder spasmed with a new volt of need at the noise of the top being removed. Apparently, it had learned to recognize that sound and now knew exactly what it meant.

She raised the bottle to her lips and… Just feigned a sip this time. She couldn’t handle even one more drop. She’d explode if she put in one more drop!

The chat erupted.

“Drink more than that!”

“Your lips look so dry!”

“We’re worried!”

Samantha cringed, faked one more sip.

They still weren’t satisfied.

“Finish the bottle!”

“You’re sweating!”

“It must be too warm in your room, you need water!”

‘Finish… Finish the bottle!?’ Samantha thought, horrified by the very thought of it. No. No, that was so much! That was too much! She couldn’t fit that in! She’d… She’d rip in half or something! She’d burst! Her body would come apart into a million tiny, microscopic pieces! “I…” Samantha struggled. She needed to come up with a reason to not finish the bottle that WASN’T related to peeing.

But… But peeing was the ONLY thing she could think about anymore! Her brain was filled with nothing but bright, hot static, crashing waves of desperation… Visions of toilets flushing, of streams flowing, of her underwear around her ankles as she sat on the toilet seat and finally let out everything she was containing… The… The idea of how good that would feel, and— And how much she wished she could feel it now, and—

“Mmmfff…” Samantha grunted hard as a sharp knife of pressure cut across her swollen midsection. A rush of heat pulsed right up against the edge of her urethral opening, and she shook with horror as she feared that this would be the day when her overtaxed body finally won out against her anxiety—

Only for the leak to return itself back to the horrid, pulsating misery of her full bladder once more.

She wasn’t sure if she was relieved by that or upset. She definitely didn’t WANT to have an accident here, but the pain was so incredible that she wished for anything that would make it go away…

She looked back at the chat.

It was filled with multiple people all asking the same question; “What’s wrong?”

Samantha couldn’t SAY what was wrong! They’d laugh, they’d think she was weird, they’d think her problem was funny, they’d think she was a silly baby for not being able to just go like a normal person…

So, she had to pretend nothing WAS wrong. She had to pretend that everything was normal, fine and NOT about to burst.

Which meant she had to drink the water.

She brought it once more to her lips and allowed them to part. Hesitantly, she tilted the bottle, let a cool rush of water slick across her tongue and fill her mouth. She trembled for a moment, her throat felt like it was trying to close itself shut, trying to prevent this disaster from happening. But, she forced the liquid down her esophagus, forced it to enter her already way too hydrated body.

And then she did it again. And again. She wasn’t sure if it would be better to take this slowly or get it over with all at once. Neither option sounded pleasant, but she chose to do it quickly. She chose to chug the remaining water, and by the time she was done she could hear it sloshing in her belly, and her bladder was thrashing and flailing around inside her like an angry wild animal.

Her foot wasn’t enough of a barrier anymore.

She needed to really squeeze…

She rolled her chair forwards a bit until her desk concealed her lap, then the hand that she didn’t need to play the game crept downwards and grappled firmly against her crotch where no one could see…

Relief… God…. That felt so much better… Finally, she had something nice and solid and FLEXIBLE tucked against her over-burdened sphincters… Phew…

Without paying the chat another glance, she sucked in a sharp breath and said “N—Now, let’s try again!” it was a chore to try and sound cheerful anymore. Her vocal cords were being burned by the rising tide of her boiling hot piss…

The next several rounds were the worst of all. She was losing within the first four levels. It was like just KNOWING that she’d poured more water into herself had been enough to send her bladder into new levels of frenzied need. The constant painful pressure that encompassed her entire lower half no longer even FELT like a need for a toilet anymore. Instead, it felt like a cruel, twisted punishment that a medieval torturer would dismiss for being too awful to subject even the worst criminals to.

Occasionally, her attention would be drawn back to the chat again. She kept catching sight of words like ‘cute’ and ‘hot’ and ‘wow’. Her viewers had called her all of those things before, it was just what happened when someone decided to do live-streams while also being a girl. But… She didn’t think she’d ever seen comments like that pop up so often.

That was more confirmation to her that they must NOT have figured out that she needed to pee. No one thought needing to pee made someone look hot, so whatever they were attributing her twitching to COULDN’T have been that!

But… Wow was she twitching! She couldn’t remember ever needing to go this badly, this was by far the most intense… ANYTHING she’d ever felt in her life. Her whole body was going raw and sensitive, noises all seemed louder, lights seemed brighter… Her heart was pounding and her blood was rushing powerfully in her ears. She trembled hard and rocked against the hand dug into her groin, but it wasn’t lessening her urgency anymore.

She was, at least, starting to do better at the game again. She’d regained her ability to keep one eye on the upcoming pieces and one eye on the board. By gritting her teeth and telling herself to focus, reminding herself that in all likelihood it was impossible for her anxious bladder to actually ALLOW her to pee her pants, she could concentrate slightly better.

She began to make it to the higher levels again. Began to chain together Tetrises one right after another once more. But, then she’d get too hopeful, she’d think she finally had it in the bag and that she’d be able to pee soon. Her body would start getting ahead of her, ripples of urgency flaring through her and causing her to break her concentration and mess up again. That actually happened once right towards the end of level fifteen— That was the worst! She’d been only a few lines away from victory and freedom!

But, she tried again. And again. And again. And then she was finally back to that stage again. She finally only had to clear just ONE more set of four lines, and then it would all be over. She would have won, and the toilet would be hers to use…

She just needed to keep the board from overflowing— as well as her bladder— until she got one more I-block— The light blue piece that was shaped in a straight line and could be easily slotted in to clear the final four rows. Her hand twitched and sweated over the directional pad on her keyboard, so shaky and scared that she’d mess up and have to keep holding as she tried again.

She saw the block she needed was coming up soon, she just needed to find a spot for two more other pieces— spots that wouldn’t plug up the space where the I-block needed to go. The hand against her crotch pressed more and more needfully as she made those final moves, and then she had it— She had the piece she needed!

Now, just don’t accidentally put it where it shouldn’t go… And… And—

FINALLY!

She’d done it! She was free! She was going to get to—

The game chimed, her score flashed across the screen… Along with another handful of donations.

She had to open the messages, of course. It wouldn’t be right to ignore them and sign off now. Her viewers would think she was rude.

She opened the first one, which was a simple congratulatory statement.

“Th—Thank you…” she panted, hoping they all thought she was just out of breath from how intense the game had gotten.

The second message was; “Are you leaving us now? :(“

“Y—Yeah,” Samantha stuttered. “In a few minutes, once I’m through with the m—messages. Gotta… It’s been a long stream. I should be in bed.”

The third read; “Do you have a favorite drink?”

Well. That was a random question. And not one Samantha really wanted to think about right now, but she answered anyway. “Y—Yeah, I like Pepsi best.”

The fourth; “Have you ever seen the ocean?”

Another really random thing to ask… And ANOTHER thing Samantha would rather not have to think about! “I h—have,” she said. “I live r—real close to the coast.”

The fifth; “Do you like water parks?”

This was getting really strange… “I g—guess so. I’ve only been to one o—once.”

The final one; “You ever notice how a lot of video game characters die when they fall in water? Isn’t that weird? They can fight zombies and stuff, but they can’t swim?”

God, why couldn’t they ask about something that DIDN’T involve water? She’d stuck around to answer questions like this at the end of streams before, but she couldn’t recall ever having nearly all of them be about one subject! “Th—That is weird,” she nodded. “Th—Thank you for watching, everybody. Together we raised…” she glanced to the other side of the screen, noticing the chat again.

“LOL, the water questions. Nice.”

“Uuuunnnnnffff she’s so squirmy.

“And the way she’s grinding her teeth? Must be SO bad now. Fucking hot.”

What…? No. Never mind. She didn’t have time to wonder about that. She looked at the donation counter instead. “T—Together we raised over 25,000 dollars! Th—Thank you so much! Thank you! I—I’ll be back again on Fr—Friday, okay?”

And then, she finally signed off.

She was free.

She’d done it.

She just had to… Had to stand up…

She couldn’t do that. Not really. All she could manage was a little, half-hunched stance. Any attempt to straighten herself out more than that made it feel like she was being torn clean in half.

‘Now… Just… Walk to the…

Ouch… Oof… Gotta go… Gotta go…’

Every step slammed another boulder on top of her bladder, every time one of her feet hit the ground her urethra shuddered. By the time she finally reached the bathroom, she was mostly just dragging her feet across the floor rather than trying to walk properly.

Finally!

‘The toilet… Gotta… Just… Need it so bad…’

She closed the door behind herself and locked it. Mom and Dad had gone to bed while she’d still been streaming, no one was around to walk in on her, but she still NEEDED the door to be locked. Otherwise she didn’t feel safe.

She tore her pants down right away and slammed herself onto the seat she’d been dying for all day.

‘Finally… Can’t hold it… Gotta pee… I need it… So much…’

Just as she felt on the edge of letting it all go, her disjointed thoughts were interrupted by a much more clear one; Those questions… And the comments that had come afterwards…

Her viewers HAD been able to tell!

They’d been able to tell she was desperate to pee for hours!

Her muscles tightened themselves up, screwing her sphincter shut again and not letting even one drop out into the bowl. They knew! They knew she had to go! And they were all thinking about how she was probably peeing RIGHT now. They were thinking about her sitting here, half naked, doing something so embarrassing! And she couldn’t go, and it hurt, and people from all over the world were picturing the sight of her peeing, and they probably thought she was—

‘So cute!’

‘Fucking hot.’

…

…

Those new viewers she’d never seen before… They’d been able to tell she had to go…

But, they hadn’t been like her bullies.

They hadn’t thought it was funny.

They hadn’t thought it was disgusting.

They had instead thought that it was hot.

They’d LIKED it.

She thought back to the donations she’d gotten that had forced her to polish off that bottle of water; Those had been the largest donations of the entire day!

They’d REALLY liked it.

And that was… Not something Samantha had ever thought possible before, but it… It didn’t bother her. Not as much as all the bullying had, anyway. Her viewers were not grossed out by her, they did not think something was wrong with her.

They thought she was cute, even with— or perhaps even BECAUSE of— her usually full, often impossible to empty, bladder.

And that thought made her finally relax.

Drip…

Drip…

PPPSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!

A typhoon of majorly intense liquid relief gushed out of her body with a hiss loud enough that it echoed in the small bathroom. Again, the sound embarrassed her and for a fleeting moment she worried that it would actually be loud enough to wake her parents.

But… But it felt too GOOD to care about that right now. It felt wonderful, it felt amazing. She was shaking still, but now each shudder came from a place of pleasure instead of one of pain. It felt so good… Her midsection was slowly deflating, the swollen mass dissipating to be replaced by nothing but a pleasant, numb little tingling.

It just kept coming and coming, building into even more intense crescendos of earth-shattering relief. So much better… So much better… God, that was so much better…

It took nearly two full minutes before she was completely drained, and a few minutes later she was laying in bed, exhausted. Her abdomen was slightly tender and sore, and her back still ached a tiny bit, but she was just… So relaxed.

Maybe, she wouldn’t mind doing another super long live-stream like that again someday, once the soreness had faded away.

