My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*011*2022-05-09 17:06

The Bladder Buster

The Bladder Buster was one of the newest and most experimental game shows to begin airing. The premise was simple; two teams of three would be challenged to hold their pee for a minimum of twenty four hours. Whichever team managed this would be declared the winner.

However, if BOTH teams managed to make it an entire day with none of their members succumbing to their desperation, then the challenge would continue, only ending once someone finally gave up and either used the toilet or wet themselves. If neither team lasted the full twenty four hours, then nobody won.

Of course, twenty four hours is much longer than most people can stand to wait without letting out some pressure, so every two hours a reprieve would be given. At that point, the host of the show would ask a trivia question (almost always relating to water or the urinary system), and whichever team was the first to get it right would be rewarded; One member of the victorious team would be permitted to use the toilet, but only for thirty seconds. The toilet had numerous sensors within the bowl, sensors that could detect if even one extra drop was spilled. In this way, the reward was something of a challenge in its own right, as the teammates both had to determine WHO it was that got to pee, and the lucky member had to try their best not to go over the time limit.

On the rare occasions that the contest carried on to the second stage, when BOTH teams lasted a day with no one exploding, then the ‘reprieve’ was no longer offered. The toilet was completely off limits, unless someone wanted to forfeit the game. But, the trivia questions would be asked more often; Only now, rather than one team member being allowed to pee, the team that answered correctly would be granted the opportunity to give a challenge to their opponents. Challenges such as jumping jacks holding it without the use of their hands for a set amount of time, or being forced to drink more water.

The entire contest was filmed extensively from multiple angles, then edited down to fit into a one hour format. The show, which was seen as nothing more than an oddity by many, had managed to find a dedicated fanbase that enjoyed watching the contestants grunt and squirm as their bladders began to stretch them within an inch of their lives.

However, shortening down an event that lasted more than a day into just one hour meant that a lot had to be left out. None of the viewers at home really saw the full extent of what the contestants were put through, none of them truly grasping how long a single day could feel when completely emptying one’s bladder wasn’t allowed.

Because of this, many naive people believed they could take on the challenge easily, only to fail before they even came close to reaching that twenty four hour mark. Their episodes usually ended with puddles flowing across the stage, as whoever had been lucky enough to throw in the towel and reach the toilet FIRST moaned with ecstatic relief.

Erika hoped that she would not be like all of those people, she was determined to last through the entire day. She was determined to last even LONGER than that if it was necessary, if her opponents too proved themselves to have iron bladders. The cash prize was enormous, and Erika had a very, very good reason to want to get her hands on it. Erika’s brother Tim needed to have a lung transplant; The prize would MORE than cover the cost of the procedure, a price-tag that would bankrupt Erika’s entire family otherwise.

She thought, and badly hoped, that her desperation for the money would far outweigh any desperation she ended up feeling for a pee. Her brother was her best friend and closest confidant, and peeing was… It was JUST peeing. She knew she’d have to remind herself of that fact several times throughout the contest.

It was something Tim had said that had convinced Erika to apply for the show in the first place. She’d stumbled upon an episode while flicking through channels in his bedroom. When she’d taken in the scene, a group of adults twisting and writhing and obviously on the edge of peeing themselves, Erika had been confused. “What the Hell kind of a show is this? It’s just people needing to piss?”

“I think I heard about this,” Tim said. “Like, they need to hold it for an entire day, and if one of the teams does it they get a whole bunch of money.”

“Wow, that sounds healthy,” Erika commented.

“They let some of them go every couple hours, or something,” Tim shrugged.

“Has anyone ever actually won this thing?”

“Yeah, a couple teams have,” Tim said. “But, I think in most of the episodes they all wet themselves.”

“Great…” Erika said. “Another show that’s just people humiliating themselves for money. Why would anyone sign up for this?”

“I don’t know… I mean, you could probably win it, though.”

“What?”

“You remember that time we went to the Grand Canyon? Driving all day and night, and you kept saying all the gas stations we passed were too gross? So, you just DIDN’T pee that whole time?”

Erika remembered, of course. She hadn’t needed Tim to go over the entire series of events, she could recall them all clearly. How she’d started out SORT OF needing to pee, only to turn her nose up at the piss-splattered seat nestled in the restroom at their first stop. How much she regretted that decision when each subsequent station had an even more nauseating excuse for a bathroom, seats covered in things that were FAR worse than a little spilled urine— None of them remotely usable to her. So, she’d held it and held it, convincing herself ‘The next place has GOTTA be better, it’s gotta have SOMETHING I can put my ass on without having to worry about getting the Black Death.’

But, that never happened. She held it through the entire twenty hour drive, and was nearly sobbing from the pain by the time it was over. Her belly had begun to protrude in such a grotesque way that she could barely believe she was even looking at her OWN body. When she’d reached the restroom— the CLEAN restroom— at the visitor center, she’d taken such a good, hard piss that the relief of it all nearly knocked her sideways.

“Ugh, don’t remind me of that…” Erika groaned.

Afterwards, she’d pretty much forgotten about the show… Until a few days after Tim developed an awful cough, and the family got the news that his lungs were deeply unhealthy. When the doctor stated how much the transplant he now needed would cost, and once the initial shock wore off, Erika’s first thought had been of The Bladder Buster.

She’d made it twenty hours without peeing before… What were four more?

Backstage at the set, Erika was trying to psyche herself up. ‘Your bladder is huge. It’s strong,’ she told herself again and again. And she’d been training, too. Drinking obscene amounts of water and then making herself wait until she felt like she was going to cry piss. A couple times during these training sessions, she’d come close to breaking her previous record of twenty hours.

Close, but not successful.

‘But, here you’re gonna get to let some out every couple hours,’ she reminded herself. ‘You never did that all those other times. It’ll help.’

Erika also knew that it was not only HER bladder that she had to be concerned about. She also had to worry about the bladders of her teammates. If one of THEM popped and released a flood before it was the proper time, then it wouldn’t even MATTER how long Erika could wait…

She glanced around the backstage area. It looked like all the contestants were here already, as she counted five other women. Erika recalled of the episodes she’d seen that there were occasionally men competing on this, but the whoever was in charge of casting DID seem to prefer signing girls on as the majority of the players she’d seen had been female.

She looked over all the other girls, trying to decide which she thought would be the best teammates. There was a tall, buff girl with shoulder length hair who looked really strong. Erika hoped they could be on the same side. Then, there was an average, slender woman. Her body gave Erika no clues as to what her bladder capacity may have been. A woman who was a bit on the heavy-set side… So, maybe her bladder would be larger?

Next, there was a girl wearing an extremely expensive looking dress which filled Erika with questions; Things like “Why is she here? She doesn’t look like she needs the money!” and “Why would you wear something SO nice to a place where you might end up peeing all over it?” Her appearance made Erika think she’d stumbled into the wrong set…

The final girl, though… Erika dearly hoped that SHE wouldn’t be on her team. The last girl was petite… Practically pocket-sized. She was short, skinny and stood shyly off to the side away from everyone else. She had her pinky in her mouth, chewing on its nail. No doubt, her bladder would be as minuscule as she was, and nothing in her body language implied she’d put up much of a fight against anything.

‘Please, don’t let me get stuck with her…’ Erika mentally begged.

Soon enough, the contestants were called onto the stage by one of the hosts. He introduced himself as Chris Michaels, and explained that he would be overseeing the contest until nightfall. Overnight, they would be monitored by his partner Paula Richardson. He asked each of the women to go up to the camera and state their name, age and why they’d come here.

The buff girl went first. Her name was Lori, she was twenty years old, and she was competing to win money for a new car. The plain looking girl, Bridget, was hoping to pay off her student loans with the prize money. The chunky girl was Misty, and she wanted to move out of her parents’ house.

Erika could understand their reasoning for wanting the money, but none of theirs sounded as important as her own.

The rich looking girl was up next. “Hello, I’m Tomi… I’m twenty five, and to be honest, this just sounded like a great time to me.”

Erika stared at her in total confusion. Who in the world would think holding their pee for over a DAY would be enjoyable?! And Erika had been right, Tomi didn’t say ANYTHING about needing the money— She DIDN’T need the money! She was just here to— To what?! Erika had her doubts about Tomi’s usefulness as a teammate, if she was just here to have ‘fun’— However the Hell THAT was supposed to happen— Then she had no reason to FIGHT.

Next was the short, timid girl. “Uh… Um… H—Hi, I’m… I’m Alexis…” she stammered, and Erika fought not to roll her eyes. This woman seriously could barely even speak one sentence… “I’m… Um… I’m eighteen. And… Uh… I’m… I’m here because I’m about to graduate high school, and… I really want to go to art college, but… But, my family is poor, and… And I r—really think I can win, b—because of how I h—have—“

“Alexis,” Chris called. “The last contestant still needs to go…” he laughed to himself. “Just not as bad as she’s GOING to.”

Erika tried not to groan at the awful joke as she took her place in front of the camera. “So, yeah. I’m Erika. I’m twenty three. And my brother needs a lung transplant.”

Erika didn’t notice Alexis was still there until she suddenly felt the other girl’s hand on her shoulder. She jolted hard.

“I’m s—sorry to hear about that…” Alexis said. “I—If we’re on the same team, I’ll tr—try really h—hard t—“

“Okay!” Chris announced, clapping his hands together. “So, for teams… I’m thinking Lori, Bridget and Misty on one side… And the rest of you on the other.”

Erika’s heart sank. Her hope of winning going down the figurative toilet before she KNEW it would be going down the literal one. No way could some stuck-up rich girl and a chick that looked like she was scared of her own shadow beat out those other three. It wasn’t possible.

“Alright,” Chris said. “Now, you’ll have plenty of time to get to know your teammates over the course of the contest.”

Erika doubted that. She’d be amazed if HER teammates even made it to the first question in a couple hours.

“For now,” Chris continued. “Proceed to the back of the stage and drink your first liter of water. You have five minutes to finish.”

Erika obeyed, approaching the table set up at the end of the stage. It was nestled behind the toilet, which was partially obscured by a half-sized door. Not much for privacy, but it at least beat baring it all for the TV cameras. She ignored the toilet, trying her best not to think about how much she was going to want to sit on it soon, as she grabbed one of the water bottles and began to guzzle it.

The game had begun.

***

Toni was overjoyed to be here, she’d been an avid fan of this show from day one— Although, being a straight woman, she couldn’t help but wish that men were featured on it more often. The first episode she’d seen had, luckily, involved a guy— A really cute one, too; And watching his pretty eyes welling up with tears of need as he forced himself to keep drinking and holding had gotten Toni reaching for her favorite vibrator. When the game ended, with the man’s team being victorious, he’d given up right that second and just flooded his pants with a euphoric moan that had made Toni climax right then and there.

She’d watched every episode after that, including the ones that only featured women. Even when there weren’t any hot, bursting guys for her to admire, Toni still ended up pleasuring her body as she imagined herself in the place of the desperate women on stage. She brought herself off again and again as she pictured what it would be like to stretch her bladder so far and for so long. It wasn’t before long that she began to make her fantasies a reality, playing holding games inside her extravagant home, caressing her sex as her bladder bulged and screamed at her for relief.

At first, she’d just hold it until she knew she couldn’t last any longer and make a mad dash to the toilet, exploding with fiery hot, liquid relief the very instant she was seated, and occasionally giving herself a simultaneous orgasm with one little flick to her clit.

But, then there came a day that she overestimated herself; She didn’t make it to the toilet before her bladder decided that enough was enough and released a flood of warmth that quickly overflowed her panties and hissed down her legs before spreading out across the floor.

And, that had felt even better than desperately peeing into a toilet ever had.

Toni had cum, and she’d cum hard. Without even needing to touch herself. She’d never felt such intense pleasure before in her life, and it left her kneeling in her puddle and twitching.

After that, Toni realized that there was nothing on Earth that could turn her on as much as desperation and wetting did. Her sex life would be incomplete without it. Any man she dated would NEED to be into it as well.

And, that was why she’d signed up for The Bladder Buster. She had no doubt in her mind that the majority of people who viewed the show did it for the same reason that she did. And logically, a heavy chunk of those people had to be straight men, explaining the uneven balance between male and female contestants.

Toni’s plan had been simple, she’d show up in her nicest dress. She’d hold it and hold it, enjoying the feeling of her body fighting against her urine. Then, she’d let herself burst and soak herself, likely unable to contain her cries of ecstasy as the feeling brought her off. After that, she’d say something casually alluding to how much she’d LOVED what she’d just done.

Her dream man would no doubt see the episode when it aired. He’d see her writhe and struggle and explode. He’d hear her say that it had felt so good and had been so fun… And he’d look her up.

They’d get together.

It would be perfect.

But… Then Toni had been teamed up with Erika; The girl who NEEDED to win to pay for her brother’s medical treatment. If Toni wet herself, she’d be costing Erika that prize, and that wouldn’t be right… Toni was wealthy, and perhaps she could just GIVE Erika the money, but Erika gave off the vibe of someone that wouldn’t accept such a grand gesture from a total stranger.

Toni had to adjust her plan a little bit. She’d hold it and hold it, enjoying the feeling of her body fighting against her urine. Then, she’d KEEP holding it, even when she thought she couldn’t anymore. She’d KEEP holding it until her team had won. Then, and only then, would she let herself burst and soak her nice dress, likely unable to contain her cries of ecstasy as the feeling brought her off. After that, she’d finally say something casually alluding to how much she’d LOVED what she’d just done.

The plan to attract her dream guy would still work out. Hell, whoever he was might even find her THAT much more enticing if she won the contest before peeing her clothes.

***

Two hours later, when the first question was going to be asked, Alexis definitely was feeling some pressure from inside her bladder. She was crossing her legs, though she knew parting them wouldn’t leave her in danger of an accident. It was just making her feel a little more secure to keep them together, that was all. Her need wasn’t that bad. Compared to other things Alexis had been through, the urge in her lower belly right now could barely even be classified as a ‘need’ at all. It was just an annoying tingle, nothing more than that.

‘It’s about as bad as it usually is after morning announcements at school,’ Alexis thought to herself. A glance at her watch told her that it was around the same time of day those announcements usually took place, so that made sense. ‘It’s not any worse than usual,’ she thought. And, Alexis always made it through the school day without releasing a drop.

“Alright!” Chris called out. “Time for our first question!”

All six women crowded around him. Unlike most game shows, this one did not have contestants stand at podiums to answer questions; It would obscure the audience’s view of their crossed legs, after all.

But, so far, Alexis was the only one to have her legs tangled up. Again, she didn’t really feel like she NEEDED to have them tied like that, it was just making her feel less nervous for whatever reason.

“Okay,” Chris said. “So, the first team to answer this question correctly will be allowed to select one member to use the toilet for thirty seconds. Any more than that will result in disqualification. Understood?”

The girls all nodded.

“Good, so your first question is; What would a person be diagnosed with if they are not able to urinate while in the presence of other people?”

Alexis felt a chill go down her spine. She knew the answer— By God, did she know the answer!— But, she was embarrassed to give it!

“Oh, that’s shy bladder,” said Lori.

“Close,” Chris told her. “But, I’m looking for the exact medical diagnosis.”

“P…Paruresis…” Alexis mumbled. Even with the microphone affixed to her shirt, no one could tell what she said.

“Hm?” Chris asked. “Speak up.”

“It’s… It’s, um… It’s… It’s called Paruresis,” Alexis managed. “That’s… I—“

“Correct,” Chris said. “Team Two, one of your members can now have a little relief. Try to choose wisely.”

“Alexis,” Erika said. “You go.”

“I—“

“Yeah,” Toni agreed. “You got the question right, so it should be you.”

“But—“

“And, like, you’ve got your legs crossed already. You obviously need it the most,” Erika said. Her suspicions were being confirmed. Just two hours, and little Alexis was already beginning to pee-dance. The girl was gonna need all the help she could get… “I can still wait.”

“So can I,” Toni nodded. She hadn’t yet felt even her first thrilling little spasm of urgency. “Go ahead—“

“No, you’ll be wasting i—“

“Stop arguing,” Erika scolded. “You already look like you’re gonna burst, and I don’t wanna lose because of you.”

Alexis’s face crumpled at Erika’s harsh tone and even harsher words. “O—Okay…” she managed, walking towards the toilet at the back of the stage. She opened the door, the little… the little half of a door that would only sort of cover her naked-parts as she sat on the toilet. She swung it shut behind her and locked it, not feeling the least bit more at ease when she heard the lock click. She turned around and gazed out across the stage. The other five women were all… There. The members of her opposing team were looking on with… With almost a bit of jealousy even though it didn’t look like they were that desperate yet. The members of her own team were looking too… And Chris was looking, and there were cameras pointing in her direction, and…

Alexis shuddered, she knew what was expected of her now. Maybe she could just… She pulled down her pants and underwear and took a seat. The cool porcelain beneath her newly exposed skin made her pee-hole twitch slightly, a form of muscle memory she supposed, but nothing spilled out of it.

Nothing COULD spill out of it.

A sudden chime above her head made Alexis jump, but like so many things before it, the noise failed to startle the pee from her bladder. She looked up at the digital clock that began to count down from thirty. She gave a little grunt, trying to see if she could at least squeeze out a little bit of liquid, but it was futile.

Alexis couldn’t pee in a stall at her high school. She couldn’t pee inside a stall anywhere. She couldn’t pee inside a one-person public bathroom with the lock on the door triple-checked and the sink’s faucet running full-blast. She couldn’t pee at home if her pet cat had followed her in.

Alexis had known the answer to the question about Paruresis because she HAD an absolutely ABYSMAL case of it! This… Trying to pee somewhere with such a tiny, useless door while people LOOKED at her and cameras captured her every move was IMPOSSIBLE. She’d have a better chance at getting struck by lightning twice after just winning the lottery.

Her Paruresis was a curse that had followed her since early childhood— Ever since that day in first grade when she’d sat down to pee and Rachel, the girl that loved to pick on her, kicked the door of her stall so hard that it popped open and exposed her to all the girls in her grade. Ever since that awful, terrible day, Alexis had only been able to pee inside her own home where she knew that it was SAFE.

Alexis had suffered unfathomable amounts of desperation throughout her life as a result of this. ‘Needing to pee super badly’ was basically her default state of being. That was what happened when a person always had to hold it in until they got home from school each day. And if she had to stop somewhere ELSE on her way back after school? It was horrid!

There was even one time that Alexis had gone over thirty hours without letting go a DROP. It was in sophomore year, her class took an overnight trip. Alexis really, REALLY wanted to go on it, and she’d been convinced that she’d have a hotel room to herself and so it wouldn’t be a problem. But, no. Not only did she need to share it, she needed to share it with RACHEL, the girl that had caused her problem to START with.

And Alexis had TRIED— Oh, God, how she’d tried!— She’d tried to pee after Rachel had gone to sleep, but it just refused to come out. She’d sat on the toilet for an hour, mashing her hands into the bloated swell of her aching bladder, crying silent tears as she begged for at least a LITTLE relief, only to be met with nothing but more pain, more agony.

To make it even worse, the school insisted they keep up with their PE lessons, so Alexis had been forced at one point to do several sit-ups while her bloated bladder screamed.

The bus ride back to school had been like Hell on Earth. She grew convinced that she would wet her skirt before it was over— She even began to HOPE that she would so that all the hurt would finally cease— But, she didn’t. Her bladder had remained locked up tighter than a maximum security prison. She made it back to school, tried in vain to pee in one of the stalls there, gave up, and dragged her excruciatingly full body the three blocks home— Grateful as could be that she lived so close.

When she’d finally gotten home, she didn’t have the time to pull down her panties before sitting down on the safe, private toilet. She instead just threw herself onto the seat and let her waters rush out through her underwear. She’d broken down into sobs then that were equal parts misery and ecstasy. She’d never felt so many conflicting things at once.

Her shy bladder was a curse. But, when she’d learned of The Bladder Buster, and of the amount of cash she’d receive if she won, she thought that maybe it could be a blessing as well.

She knew that she could last twenty four hours, she’d held it even longer than that before. She knew there was no chance of her wetting herself or using the toilet before the contest was done, because her body would not physically allow her to do it. She’d had this thing in the bag before she’d even shown up.

What she hadn’t thought about was the awkwardness of having her teammates tell her to make use of one of their ‘reprieves’ and then just… Sitting there on the toilet, on stage, not even peeing.

Her face flamed and she covered it with her hands as the timer finally went off. Eagerly, she stood and tugged her pants back up before exiting the pitiful excuse for a stall. Another chiming ding startled her once more and she looked up. The same display over the toilet that had shown her time limit now displayed something else.

0.00 ML.

What… What did THAT mean?

As if to answer her question, Chris read “Zero milliliters? Well, that’s a first. Guess we know why Alexis had the answer to that question, huh?”

Alexis trudged back to her teammates, humiliated. All of that was on camera. The entire world was going to know that she was… That… That she was—

“What the Hell?” Erika asked. “You didn’t even go?!”

“I tr—tried to t—tell—“

“You’re lucky neither of us had to use it,” Erika said. “Since you decided to waste it.”

Alexis didn’t understand why Erika had to be so rude about it. She knew Erika was worried about her brother, but that didn’t mean she had to be such a jerk, did it?

“I don’t know what your problem is, but you’d better not wet yourself now. I did everything I could to—“

“Except for LISTENING!” Alexis interrupted, then stumbled back, covering her mouth. She never interrupted anyone! And she definitely didn’t ever raise her voice!

“What?”

“I tr—tried to say it ear—earlier,” Alexis whispered. “I c—can’t go ar—around other people! Th—That’s why… I— I know I can win!”

***

Over the next couple hours, Erika’s view of Alexis completely changed. She was NOT the weak link Erika had pegged her as. No, she was more like a secret weapon. No doubt the opposing team had also taken one look at the tiny, timid girl and written her off as useless. But, Alexis had now told Erika in a hushed, quiet tone about a time when she’d been forced to endure thirty hours without a toilet break— And made it through dry.

Erika’s earliest thoughts about Bladder Buster came back to her— This wasn’t a very healthy thing to be doing… Erika wondered if Alexis had ever suffered any ill-effects from her constant marathon holding, but didn’t ask.

When Chris asked the next question (something about Niagara Falls to which Erika had no idea of the answer) the opposing team earned the reprieve. Bridget, the plain girl, was the one selected to take it… Erika could see why, she’d been jumping from foot to foot for the past half hour!

Unlike Alexis’s earlier embarrassment, when Bridget took her place on the toilet and the counter began to tick down, a hearty stream was immediately flowing its way into the bowl… Really, really loudly.

‘What the hell!?’ Erika thought, tightening her own legs around each other. She’d been in public restrooms where other girls had been peeing literally hundreds of times, but it had never been so noisy before!

Toni stood closer to Erika, “Yeah… They put microphones in the bowl,” she said. “So that everyone else has to REALLY listen to it… They tone down the volume when they edit the episodes together though.”

Alexis overheard Toni’s explanation and shuddered, very glad that she HADN’T miraculously let anything spill into that toilet.

Soon, the timer hit zero and, with an annoyed grunt, Bridget stood from her seat and pulled her pants back on. “Dammit, I was almost done, too…”

Erika flinched at that. Now one member of the competition was mostly empty…

And she was beginning to fill up…

***

Each hour, the girls were all required to suck down another liter of water. Every two hours, more trivia questions would be asked and one girl would be allowed thirty seconds of relief. Those thirty seconds became more and more sought after the more time passed. At around eight in the evening, marking twelve hours since the last time any of the women had fully drained their bladders, tensions were rising. As always happened during a round of Bladder Buster, there started to be arguments about WHO would be the lucky teammate to let off a little pressure.

“Pl—Please?” Misty begged, hands wedged tightly between her thighs as she bounced around so fast she appeared like a blur. “You’ve BOTH gone once! I haven’t had a turn! I’m going to explode!”

“No,” Lori winced out, her own hands kneading frantically against her crotch. “I’m taking it! Your body can probably find some way to stuff the extra pee into your giant gut, anyway.”

“What’s your problem!?” Misty snapped, doubling over on herself, her body vibrating with tension. “We’re supposed to be a team! Remember, we ALL lose if one of us pees!”

“Then, DON’T pee!” Lori suggested. “I’M going!”

“What about me!?” Bridget complained. She too had a very tight grip on herself, her legs scissoring back and forth. “Lori, you went LAST time, I’ve been waiting longer than you!”

“HELLO!” Misty cried. “I still haven’t gone AT ALL!”

Erika watched the other team squabble with some envy. Not because she wanted to fight with her teammates, but because… Well, at least one of THEM was going to be peeing soon once it was settled!

Erika’s team had lost the last TWO rounds of questions— It had been four hours— and four more liters of water— since ANY of them had released anything. And… Wow, Erika really needed to do exactly that!

She’d used one of the reprieves her team had been given, she’d blissfully let her bladder pour for thirty deliriously good seconds… Then moaned in agony when the timer went off and she’d been forced to slam her floodgates closed again… Even recalling the pain of how that had ended, she wanted that feeling BACK so badly…

‘Think of Tim…’ she scolded herself. ‘Think of Tim… Think of Tim…’

Erika was snapped out of her reverie when Misty finally shoved past her bursting teammates and into the meager toilet stall that Erika wished to occupy so much… Misty ripped her panties down and threw herself onto the seat, immediately letting go of a furious, gushing stream, the hissing spray being amplified by the microphone made all five of the other girls cringe and moan.

Misty moaned too, but hers sounded far, far more pleased than it did pained.

Toni grunted hard as she endured the sound of Misty’s relief— Relief that her body begged her to make her own. Her bladder was tugging and rippling inside her, urine sloshing down, down, down right up against her aching pee-hole. There was a threatening tremble at her opening that was equal parts scary and enticing. She was clutching herself, same as everyone else, but she was also rubbing against her cupped hands, trying her best to stimulate her nethers without it becoming too obvious what she was doing…

It just… It felt too good for her not to.

She wouldn’t mind if it wasn’t COMPLETELY unclear what she was up to. If the cameras were picking up the motion of her hand, and some cute guy with a thing for full-bladdered girls noticed and thought ‘Oh, wow, looks like she’s pretty into this! I wonder if I can find her online…’ Then… Who was she to complain about that?

Alexis had been rolled up in a tight ball on the floor for the past hour. Her fingers dug themselves against her opening, but unlike everyone else she wasn’t so-much trying to form a ‘plug’ as she was just trying to ease the pain she felt a little bit. She knew that, even if she released her grip, her pee would stay where it was. There were too many people, and way WAY too many cameras, for her bladder to actually release itself. But, she also knew that if she released her hands, the burning, fiery agony that had been scorching through her urethra would increase tenfold.

So, she just laid there, coiled up and holding herself as her ears were assaulted by the all too enticing sound of Misty doing the very thing that she NEEDED to do. She tried to distract herself, to think of other things. But, the only thing Alexis could come up with was ‘How is Misty okay just… Doing that right here? In front of everybody? In front of the cameras!?’ And wondering about that did little to quell the surges and pangs within.

When the timer went off and Misty’s far-too-brief toilet break was over, she cringed as she hurriedly yanked herself up off the toilet. Erika could see her glazed-over expression of relief transform itself into one of intense, throbbing pain in a matter of milliseconds. When she exited the stall, her hands nestled firmly between her thighs, Erika couldn’t tell if those short seconds of respite had helped Misty or only hurt her.

Erika hoped it was the latter; That the confusing signals sent to her body, being told to relax one second and then plug back up again a moment later, would weaken her muscles… Would cause her to stand in a puddle of her own creation. Erika only needed ONE member of the opposing team to let it all flow, and then she’d be guaranteed a victory once 24 hours had finally passed.

Erika was growing more certain of her ability to reach that threshold. She was already half-way there, after all. Fifty percent of her ordeal was over and done with, and she didn’t yet feel as bad off as she had during her family trip to the Grand Canyon. Her bladder was undoubtedly full, she could feel it straining and pulsing away against her opening, but she didn’t doubt that there was still a little bit of room left inside of it.

She paid careful attention to her teammates. Alexis sure LOOKED like she was on her last legs, crumpled on the ground with her hands squeezing into her crotch… There were tears in her eyes, her brows knit with obvious strain as buckets of sweat cascaded down her forehead. Her teeth were gnashing against one another, and her face was the brightest pink Erika had ever seen on a human being.

But, if Alexis was telling the truth about not even being ABLE to pee with others near her, perhaps none of that was as big a cause for concern as it may have seemed.

No, the teammate that Erika was worried about was Toni. Erika had tried a few times to ASK Toni what she was here for, to try and figure out if maybe she really DID have a decent motivation to hold it, but Toni’s responses had all been cryptic. Just, comments about how it had apparently seemed ‘fun’, and that she wanted to be on TV.

It baffled Erika. While she did not yet think that she was completely MISERABLE at the moment— Her devotion to her brother still enough to help her power through her worst spasms— never in a million years would Erika say any of this had been ‘fun’.

From the moment she’d first begun to feel the urge to pee, Erika had been uncomfortable. Having to continually deny herself relief as the need grew and became more pressing had made her grimace and twist. The burning and stinging that had blazed a trail around her urethral opening when she’d been forced to cut her relief short after only thirty seconds of bliss had been relentlessly painful!

And as for the other thing Toni had said? Squirming, potty-dancing and then actually PEEING all as a camera recorded her every move so it could be broadcasted on TV was… It was just humiliating! If it weren’t for Tim, Erika would have given up by now because of that alone! Surely there were OTHER ways to chase dreams of fame, ways that didn’t involve inviting tons and tons of people to watch you endure an extreme need to perform an embarrassing bodily function, right?

Toni just confused Erika. She couldn’t figure out what the woman’s deal was, and because of that she still had her doubts that Toni would be able to carry the team to victory. Looking at her now, Erika’s doubts had increased. Toni was WRITHING, her hands kneading themselves into her groin with a furious urgency. Erika kept expecting her to just… Explode, for urine to begin running down her slender legs, but every time she was sure it really was about to happen, Toni managed to hold on…

From there, Erika turned her attention to the opposing team, trying to determine of any of them seemed particularly unlikely to make it through the remainder of the day. She had high hopes about Misty, whom rather than appearing in any way relieved by her brief time spent sitting on the toilet, now had tears rolling down her cheeks as she inhaled and exhaled so quickly it looked as though she was hyperventilating. Bridget was doubled over so far she looked as though she’d been folded in half, Erika could see the way her thigh muscles quivered with the effort of holding her need in check. Lori seemed the best off of the three, confirming Erika’s suspicions that the strong and tough looking woman had an equally strong and tough bladder. She was gripping herself, same as everyone else, but she did not jiggle or bounce around as much. Her facial muscles were also far more relaxed.

‘You only need one of them to break, though,’ Erika reminded herself. ‘Even if Lori can hold it, if Bridget or Misty can’t, it’s still game over for them.’

***

When the clock struck ten, Chris switched out with Paula so that he could get some rest. This was something that Toni had been curious about, for whatever reason much of the after-dark portion of the competition wasn’t shown in the versions broadcasted on TV. There would be a few brief flashes of the contestants wriggling, an emphasis put on how tired they were getting from being unable to sleep through the bright lights of the stage and the pain inside their bladders, and a lot of focus on how the sleep deprivation affected their ability to continue holding… But, other than that, what happened after dark was a mystery to the viewers.

Toni’s imagination had run a little wild as she considered what may have been getting cut out. It was night-time, the stage was full of young people whose bodies were raw and overstimulated messes, and for whatever reason it was being kept from broadcast… She had ideas, ideas that made her wish a guy HAD been invited on for this episode— God, just the idea of doing THAT with a burstingly full man while her own bladder was SHRIEKING for relief…— But, she knew that this was unlikely. She knew she was an anomaly, having to pee really badly didn’t pump the average person full of lust like it did her.

Paula wasn’t too different from Chris, the standard fast-talking TV host that appeared in any competition show. But, she did quickly answer all of Toni’s curiosities. “So,” she said. “Instead of asking you trivia questions like we do during the day, after dark we focus on stories. Every hour, a new person will be asked to recount the story of the most desperate they’ve ever been. If they can do that without holding themselves, then one member of their team will be allowed to use the restroom for thirty seconds.”

Toni understood now, the stories recounted overnight were likely just always too long, and were being cut from the televised episodes simply for time. Again, she wished there was a man here, but hearing other girls talk about having accidents or near-accidents would still be pretty exciting. She could listen and put herself in their shoes— a feat that would be made far easier by the fact she was ALREADY holding back a bladder that was searingly full.

Yes… She was so full… So deliriously, deliciously full… Shamed as she was to have done it in front of a camera, she’d managed to bring herself to orgasm twice so far during the competition, each time hoping that the twitching and jolting she couldn’t help would mix seamlessly with her already prevalent pee-dancing.

Toni couldn’t believe how good this felt… Each roll and spasm of her bladder, each near leak that was stopped just in time by the hurried clenching of her sphincter, each fiery bolt of bright hot need that flared through her… It took all of her power not to moan…

Not that she’d be the only one moaning… Just, she knew her own moan would feel way too happy by comparison to everyone else’s.

Erika was the first to give her story, recounting her twenty hours spent without a toilet break when all of the gas station bathrooms had been too nauseating to even contemplate using. She’d known that talking about it wouldn’t be easy thanks to the embarrassment factor alone, but trying to do it with neither of her hands going between her legs was downright brutal.

As she described how much her previously full bladder had ached each time the family car hit a bump in the road, her currently full bladder hurt just as much! Sweat was collecting between her thighs— Or at least, she hoped it was sweat. She knew leaks were not counted as a loss, but the thing about one leak was that it always led to more… And more… And more… Until suddenly it all became too much, and everything just—

‘Tim needs you to win,’ Erika thought resolutely as she neared the end of the story, her hands anxiously rubbing against her pant legs, palms tingling with the urge to shove them up against her trembling opening. ‘You can do this. Do it for him.’

“And… Then when we got there, there was a bathroom I could actually use…” Erika continued. God… She remembered that bathroom in full, vivid detail now. She remembered the exact appearance of the door, every little scratch and ding. She remembered which stall she chose, she remembered the distinct clang of the lock sliding into place… And, dear God, did she remember the beautiful, pristine toilet that awaited her inside of it. She remembered the seat, free of spatters and debris and she remembered the bowl beneath it, ready to accept her flood…

“How did that feel?” Paula prompted.

No… No, she was going to make her describe… “Um, it felt… It felt better?”

“Now, now, Erika,” Pauline said. “You were being quite a bit more descriptive earlier, weren’t you?”

So, Erika forced herself to go on, to describe how amazing it had been to feel her bladder shrink and deflate, to feel all of her urine spray out of her in a hard, fierce gusher of a stream… “A—And, that’s… That’s it!” Erika concluded, flinging both her hands against her crotch and hoping that she hadn’t done it too soon. Her team needed that break— SHE needed that break… Oh God, if Toni insisted that SHE take it instead…

Erika had earned the toilet break, and Toni did allow her to use it for herself. Toni had been so enthralled by Erika’s story that her third orgasm of the day had swept over her— May as well let Erika pee a little bit now as a reward, right?

Erika RAN in the direction the stall, her bladder BEGGING her to hurry. She had a strategy now, as she’d been forced to recollect the scene of her relief at the end of her twenty hour hold, she’d recalled how FAST she’d pissed. If she pushed hard enough on her muscles, rather than just relaxing them and letting her bladder do its own thing, thirty seconds may turn out to be enough to get her pretty empty…

She RIPPED down her pants and sat on the toilet, her stream rocketing out of her the very instant her ass had made contact with the seat. She heard the chime above her, telling her her time was starting, and she gritted her teeth as she bore down HARD on her pelvic muscles. Pee sprayed out of her with so much force she wondered if it may just shatter the porcelain bowl and begin jetting all the way down the stage. A moan tore through her lips and she pushed harder and harder and harder, feeling her bladder REALLY starting to shrink and compress, feeling the most BEAUTIFUL relief of her entire life flow out of her and through her, and, and— God, she didn’t even CARE that she was pissing like a firehose and moaning like a porn star while being filmed for TV— This felt too fucking GOOD for her to care, she was peeing so much, getting SO much of her burden GONE, and it was just… It was amazing…

But, to everyone that was forced to listen to what must have been the most ear-shattering geyser of urine in the history of the human race, it wasn’t amazing at all. Erika’s opposing team groaned and clutched themselves, Lori even yelling at her to dial it down!

Alexis moaned even louder than Erika was, her bladder feeling as though it was trying to claw right through her skin. For what must have been the millionth time in her life, Alexis reflected on just how unbearably UNFAIR it was to be pee-shy. She was the one girl here that hadn’t peed out even ONE drop, in spite of having opportunities to do so. Instead, she’d just been forced to listen as everyone else got the relief she wanted.

That was a recurring factor for her, many times Alexis had needed to go badly enough that she decided to at least TRY using a public bathroom, but then she’d sit down in a stall and instead of emptying out, she’d just stay on the seat without letting out a trickle, having to overhear the hissing taking place in the adjacent stalls.

It wasn’t fair.

But then, Alexis realized something else; Finally, for the first time, she was turning the tables. Competing in a holding contest when her body refused to allow her to do anything that WASN’T holding was, perhaps, a little unfair to the competition. Maybe she should have felt bad about that but really, after a lifetime of suffering with her problem, she thought she DESERVED to use it in a way that benefited her for once.

Toni was overcome by two things as she listened to Erika’s release; Desperation and lust. Desperation, because the noise was a horrid tease on her own bloated bladder. And lust because… Because, God those moans Erika was letting out, and the sheer strength of that torrent, and… And Toni’s stroking at her sex picked up the pace and in a matter of seconds she was climaxing again, and—

And, okay… Maybe Toni wasn’t as straight as she’d initially thought.

The thirty seconds came to an abrupt end, and when Erika heard the chime and hurriedly clenched off her waterfall… She was stunned by how empty she felt now. There was a bit of pressure still in there, but she was able to calmly pull up her pants and exit the stall, not even the hint of a bounce in her step.

Paula read the display above the toilet, “Wow, almost an entire liter in under a minute? Great job!”

***

The next girl to tell a story was Lori, she talked about a time where she’d gotten stuck in an elevator for hours and had ultimately resorted to popping a squat in the corner and releasing a tidal wave onto the carpeted flooring. “I felt bad about the mess,” she said, her hips shimming and swaying from side to side while her hands twirled anxiously through her hair. “But— But it just felt so good to let go…”

After her story, one member of her team was allowed to pee. Lori naturally thought that she’d be the one to do it, but Bridget was insistent that she was about to pee her pants. An argument ensued, one that concluded with Lori jabbing a hand directly into Bridget’s midsection.

The girl doubled over and let out a strangled yelp, and the others were able to detect a quiet hissing noise as a leak no doubt warmed her panties. Furious, she dashed right into the stall and began to use it. Compared to Erika’s earlier firehose, Bridget’s trickle did little to upset the others.

***

After that, it was Alexis’s turn. She’d been dreading this, and had been having a quiet debate in her head if she should mention her bladder problem while recounting her tale. Her earlier realization that her presence in this competition wasn’t exactly the most fair thing in the world had gotten her worried that Paula or Chris would actually consider it cheating. Would they disqualify her? Could she find a way to tell her story WITHOUT mentioning the role her Paruresis had played in it?

And, it wasn’t like she particularly wanted to talk about her past bathroom emergencies. Even if she’d somehow found the nerve to HAVE one of those on TV, making her mouth move to form the words as she described her harrowing ordeal on that school trip wasn’t easy. “S—So, I— I… Um… I d—don’t l—like t—to pee around oth—other people… It make me feel w—weird…” There. Not liking it and not being able to do it were two different things. No reason for anyone to think she was cheating.

From there, she retold the story of her overnight trip, sharing a hotel room with her bully and “not wanting” to pee around her. “I th—thought she’d pick on m—me if she overheard me g—going, so I just… Held it.” She retold the horrific bus ride back to school, and the long, stumbling and painful walk back to her house. “I…I was finally home, s—so I kn—knew I could go s—soon…” she said. Her hips wriggled. She’d been so nervous trying to say all of this stuff out loud that she hadn’t even thought about the pain of not being able to cup her hands against herself. Her hands instead just anxiously twined themselves together in front of her lips.

“I— I got t—to the bathroom, and I was— I was really grateful I w—wore a skirt,” Alexis said. “B—Because I knew I couldn’t handle a z—zipper and stu—stuff… B—But…” she flinched, remembering what came next. “I couldn’t— I c—couldn’t— I was— I was already— I had no time to pull my underwear down!” she finally blurted out. “I j—just had to sit on th—the toilet ri—right away, and— And— I… Through my panties…”

“How did it feel?” Paula prompted. “We need more details if you want that break.”

Alexis went pale all over, save for her cheeks which flushed red. “W—Warm?” she answered lamely, recalling the gushing heat that had spread out across her thighs as her underwear overflowed and her pee finally gushed into the bowl. “A—And… I was r—really ashamed b—because most people don’t g—get frozen u— I mean, most people don’t mind peeing around others… And, I als—Also felt better, s—since I’d been h—holding that for… For thirty hours, and—“

“THIRTY HOURS!?” Lori blurted out. “Bull fucking shit!”

“Lori,” Paula said. “Language. Remember, we show this on television.” She turned to Alexis. “That IS impressive,” she commented. “No one has ever held that long in the entire run of this game. The longest we’ve ever seen is twenty six hours.”

Alexis looked away, her story completed, her hands drifted back to tuck beneath her skirt… She didn’t say it, but the outfit she had on today was the very one she’d worn in that story; Even the panties, stained as they may have been. She’d thought that perhaps the clothes she’d worn the day she’d held it longer than most would even think possible would bring her luck here. Not to mention, when the contest was over and she hurried to a nice, private toilet, she didn’t doubt that she would again have no time to remove any clothing. A skirt and a pair of panties that had already been peed through would be best.

“You can’t seriously believe her?” Lori scoffed. “Look at her, she’s tiny. Her bladder’s gotta be small too. You shouldn’t let them have a break now because she lied.”

Pauline checked something on her smart watch, “Hmmm… Looks like Alexis here hasn’t peed at all during this whole contest… I think she’s telling us the truth.”

Lori shook her head, and Alexis saw what she thought may have been fear pass over the tough girl’s face.

She tried not to take pride in that.

Toni was, naturally, the teammate to take the toilet break. Alexis couldn’t do it, and Erika was still pretty comfortable after nearly emptying herself a couple hours before. Toni took her seat and released her stream, relief nearly bowled her over almost immediately. She’d cum four times during the course of this contest, but she thought that perhaps finally letting a little pee out felt even better than that…

***

Misty went next. Her story took place while stuck in a long bathroom line on a cruise; Abhorrent desperation while surrounded by immeasurable quantities of roaring, rushing water. Misty was quite a phenomenal story teller, describing each wave that battered the boat, and each wave that battered her urinary sphincters with equal fervor.

But, perhaps her own words were a bit TOO vivid to handle, because when she got to the part where she finally had her turn in a stall and got to pee, her hands pressed right into her crotch, and her team’s chance at scoring some relief was vanquished.

Lori, of course, was furious. “Don’t you have any freaking self-control!?” she demanded of the other woman. “I can’t believe you did that!” Lori hadn’t stopped holding herself for the last three hours, but the irony appeared lost on her.

Erika watched Lori shout, and she had a feeling that Lori had been REALLY looking forward to Misty earning that reprieve… Of her teammates, Lori had now gone the longest without peeing, and it showed. Gone was her tough, cocky appearance. And the hard, smooth belly she’d had that morning had been eclipsed by a ginormous bulge; Her bladder, straining within an inch of its life. She’d undone the button on her pants, had unzipped them too, obviously trying everything she could think of to make room for all the pee she was carrying.

Erika grew hopeful that the other team WOULDN’T make it until morning…

***

Toni spoke next. Her most desperate experience was the day she’d pushed her holding game too far and had wet herself, but she chose not to tell that particular story. It would be too hard to explain why she’d just deliberately chosen to hold her pee until she exploded while inside her own home, with a toilet right there. She didn’t think anyone else would agree with her reasoning of “Because it felt SO good…”

Instead, she reached for a story from her school days as Alexis had. “So, they didn’t let us leave during final exams for ANY reason. And I’d been up all night studying, having lots of energy drinks and coffee so I wouldn’t fall asleep. I peed before leaving for school, and when I got there I thought ‘I kind of have to go again’. But then I figured ‘Oh, but I JUST went thirty minutes ago, it must just be in my head…’” she explained.

“But, I was wrong. It wasn’t just in my head. I had to pee, and I had to pee a LOT. I realized that as soon as I sat down at the desk, but by then it was already too late. I was gonna have to wait until lunch.”

Like Misty, Toni proved herself to be a very vivid story-teller. She recounted the desperation she’d endured in great detail, pontificating on every spasm that had swept through her bladder, every twinging near-leak and cross of her legs. Like Misty, Toni’s own words were making her yearn to put her hands against her groin, but NOT to hold herself— But, she was sure that rubbing her sex through her clothes would be mistaken for crotch-clutching by Paula, and she knew Erika could probably use another break by now.

At the end of her story, when she retold the beautiful bliss of relief she’d experienced upon finally locking herself into a stall, Toni was the first person that Paula did not have to coax into providing more detail. Toni willingly gave it all up, delighting in the description of her hissing spray. It was hard to omit how turned on the whole experience made her, but she managed it.

Lori clearly was NOT enjoying Toni’s tale as much as Toni herself was, and that only egged Toni on more. If she could relive one of the hottest moments of her life and ensure that the game ended once she, Erika and Alexis made it to morning, all the better.

But, no matter how much emphasis Toni put on her flowing stream, Lori still didn’t pop. The girl really WAS as strong as she looked…

“That was a good story,” Paula said. “But, I’m afraid you won’t be able to use the toilet now.”

Huh…? Toni looked down, at some point in her retelling, she’d begun to stroke herself. And, of course, Paula assumed she was doing something else.

Rather than disappointment, a thrill went through Toni’s body. Her bladder had been pinching her for ages now, the swell in her center pounding and pounding away, she’d been so looking forward to her next toilet break… To hear it be denied from her, to have someone say “No, you can’t pee. You need to hold it,” made the temperature in the room skyrocket.

***

Finally, it was Bridget’s turn, and everyone anxiously listened as she talked. It had been two hours since ANYONE had last had permission to pee, and everybody had swallowed down two more big bottles of water during that time. All six girls were squirming in varying states of need.

Erika, who had managed to get herself almost fully drained during her last moment of respite, was the most well off. Her hips were twitching and her feet were tapping, but compared to the others she looked downright comfortable!

Bridget wasn’t having TOO much trouble herself, she too had gotten a decent amount of relief during the night. However, not being allowed to hold herself as she told her story was obviously taking its toll. Her legs were tied in a double-crossed knot. Her knees and ankles both twisted around one another.

Toni had also been able to get a bit of relief, and she was still so turned on by everything happening around her and inside of her that she was nowhere near ready to give up the fight. She wanted this to last as long as possible. She’d held this pee for so, so long, and the fullness of her round bladder was such a delight that she knew she’d be sad to see it all go.

Misty hadn’t peed a drop all night. Hadn’t gone in many, many long hours, and the pain of that was clear on her face and in her body language. She was crouched on the ground, the pose eerily reminiscent of the squat she’d take had she been relieving herself outdoors. Like, instinctively, her body was trying to coax her into peeing. The only thing keeping her flood at bay appeared to be the hands that had cost her her bathroom break tonight.

Lori also hadn’t gotten a turn on the toilet, and she was PLEADING that Bridget would make it through her story without holding herself, and that her teammates would let her use the toilet afterwards. She was trembling, her body vibrating from the constant tension. Her hands were GLUED between her twisted, tangled legs. Her face was contorted into a look of abject misery.

And then, of course, there was Alexis; The girl that hadn’t peed all day. She was laying on her back on the ground now, her fingers digging tightly against her urethral opening as her hips hitched up and down. Her eyes were squeezed shut, doing nothing to stop the tears that continually flowed from them. Her teeth were gritted together, as if fighting back a scream. And maybe she was? The pain she was under was far greater than most people could ever withstand.

Bridget’s story was simple; Stuck in traffic on her way home after having several large drinks. The crowded roads prevented her from simply popping a squat and releasing on the street, and she couldn’t figure out how to relieve herself into the empty cup she’d kept. Like Alexis’s story, Bridget’s ended with her not TOTALLY making it. She’d pulled into her garage and gotten out her key, but when she put it in the door, she’d just started GOING and had impulsively yanked down her pants and pissed out an enormous puddle onto the ground in front of the door.

Paula did not prod her for more detail. Bridget had earned her team their break. Lori DEMANDED that she be the one to take it, much to Misty’s protest. “But I have to go!” Misty whined.

“Not as bad as ME,” Lori snapped. “And, it’s your own fault you missed your chance!”

“I couldn’t help it!” Misty complained. “Please? It’s so bad! I’m gonna pee—“

“You’d better not!” Lori growled, storming over to the stall.

It seemed that she’d taken a cue from Erika, because when she let it flow she REALLY let it flow. Her thunderous stream echoed on and on and on, accompanied by her intense moaning. When her time was up and she departed from the stall, it was obvious that she’d been able to force out quite a bit of her burden…

And Erika was a little worried again.

She hoped Misty broke soon…

***

When Chris came back, it marked twenty four hours since the contest had begun, and BOTH teams had made it through. “Congrats, ladies,” he said. “Now, onto the next phase of the contest. Whoever answers my next question correctly will get to choose a penalty for the other team. And…” He gestured over his shoulder at the toilet stall. “The bathroom is now off-limits, unless someone wants to forfeit.”

Misty stared at the stall longingly, but looked away when she caught Lori’s harsh glare.

Hours of water-chugging had filled Erika right back up. It was like that massive, incredibly fast piss she’d blasted out in the night hadn’t even happened. And now she wouldn’t be peeing again until the contest was done with. She was still overwhelmingly grateful for the relief she’d scored, though. If she had to hold all that was in her NOW on top of all that had been in her THEN, she was sure it would be all over by now.

Chris’s first question was how much urine the average bladder could hold. Erika recalled Paula commenting on her letting out ‘almost a liter’ last night. She’d been nearly at her limit then, so… “A liter?” she suggested.

“Nope,” Chris said.

“Five hundred milliliters,” Lori said.

“Correct!” Chris informed.

Erika’s heart sank, she didn’t want to imagine what Lori would come up with…

“Okay, all of them have to drink TWO bottles of water now,” Lori said.

Erika’s heart thudded, dropping atop her bladder and making it scream with urgency and need. Still, she made herself trudge with the rest of her team over to the table where the drinks were kept. She made herself drink a bottle, and when her stomach convulsed at the thought of a second, she told herself ‘Do it for Tim,’ and she choked it down.

Alexis’s eyes were red and puffy as she consumed her own water. A day! She hadn’t peed at all in an entire day! She hadn’t even leaked a little! Her panties were bone dry, her legs free of droplets! There was an atrocious pain shooting through her back, and the tears just wouldn’t stop falling down her face. ‘You’ve held it longer before,’ she reminded herself. But, that didn’t make the sensation of something tearing apart in her lower abdomen any easier to live with.

Toni guzzled her water proudly. She was amazed at her own strength. She’d promised herself that she’d make it, that she’d help Erika get the money she needed, but she was still stunned she’d actually DONE it. An entire day without fully draining her bladder! The more she thought ‘There’s a whole DAY’S worth of piss in me right now!’ the prouder and more turned on she got.

***

The next question was answered correctly by Erika, whom made the opposing team wait for five minutes without crossing their legs. To her disappointment, they all managed it. Even Misty, whom she’d been certain would pop before the time was up.

Misty got the next one, and after Lori whispered something into her ear, she said her opponents should all do ten jumping jacks. Having to spread their legs apart, having to JUMP repeatedly and feel the impact of the ground beneath their feet, not being able to grip themselves… Erika, Toni and Alexis all whimpered and moaned through the exercise. Especially Alexis, who nearly broke down into sobs partway through.

Toni answered the following question— Which was “What is the fetish for pee desperation and wetting?”— She hoped none of the other women here could figure out why she knew it… She was so preoccupied with that that she didn’t come up with the best challenge; She just told the others not to hold themselves for ten seconds. Not long enough to really make an impact.

Bridget got the next one, which forced Erika’s team to stand by the toilet stall and listen to it be flushed. It was rough, but not as bad as the jumping jacks had been.

But then LORI got another one right, and her challenge was yet again a difficult one. “Mash on your bladders for a minute.”

Erika, Toni and Alexis obeyed. It brought tears to all of their eyes, but for Alexis in particular she felt like she was being subjected to a Hellish torment that had been outlawed by the Spanish Inquisition on the grounds that it was just too cruel. The ripping feeling that had been assailing her ever since those two heinous extra bottles of water ramped up, until it was overtaking her entire body. She felt like she was going to be torn in half down the middle.

Alexis was starting to think this hadn’t been such a good idea after all. She’d nearly held it for thirty hours again, but THIS time she’d done it while steadily consuming tons and tons of water, constantly pumping herself fuller and fuller… She was sure her body weight must have tripled since the contest began, and that she was now more piss than woman. She needed… Well, she needed to PEE, that was for sure. But she was scared that she might have ALSO needed medical attention. She still hadn’t even LEAKED yet, though she was sure all the other contestants must have done so by now.

Was it possible for a bladder to ACTUALLY explode if it just kept getting fuller and fuller and never got to let off any pressure?

Erika wriggled and flailed as she mashed her hand against the firm swell of her bladder. ‘Do it… Do it for Tim…’ she kept chanting inside her mind, but as the pain continued to increase at an alarming rate, her brain started to blur and she lost sight of what was really important. Her bladder was doing its best to convince her that peeing was more important than anything on Earth— Even her brother. And it took a more and more concentrated effort to push those horrid thoughts away.

Toni could barely believe that the thing she was touching was her own bladder— That it was a PART of her. She was stunned that such a rock-hard, swollen thing could really be inside her body… And that she could have the STRENGTH to keep it all in there. It fascinated her so much that she rubbed her abdomen in varying patterns and drummed her fingertips on top of it curiously, eager to see what each new stroke would make her feel… But when she made a squirt of pee jet into her underwear, she decided to stop the experimentation. She still wanted to win, after all.

The next hour dragged by, the loss of the thirty second reprieves, the constant of the hourly water-drinking, and the addition of the challenges had taken its toll on all six of the girls. Seconds became minutes. Minutes became hours. Their lives became nothing but a steady thrum of ever increasing desperation with no end in sight. They moaned, they writhed, they all prayed for someone that wasn’t on their team to give up or pee their pants.

Finally, it was time for another question. “What is a treatment for Paruresis?” Chris asked.

And, while everyone else tried to remember what that word even meant through the haze of their desperation, Alexis answered; “Br—Breath-hol—holding…” It was a treatment for pee-shyness, the idea being that if someone held their breath long enough, eventually their bladder would give out. But, it had never worked on Alexis. She’d tried it. She’d held her breath for so long she’d worried about passing out, but still hadn’t peed.

“Correct,” Chris said. “Give them a challenge.”

“Alexis,” Erika whispered. “Let me decide for you.” The shy, timid girl was sure to suggest something lenient, and Erika… Erika needed the other team to lose NOW.

Alexis nodded, but then shook her head. She’d remembered something. Something horrible from that awful school trip… “They need to all do twenty sit-ups!” It was the first thing she’d said all contest that hadn’t made her stutter.

The other team groaned and grimaced, but got to work. Alexis watched them, knowing exactly what they were feeling. When they lifted their upper bodies up, their bladders were being compressed and squeezed. When they laid back down, their bladders were being stretched. Again and again and again, rhythmically, with no moment to breathe and let their bladder rest, with no—

HSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!

“OH, FUCK!”

To everyone’s shock, it was not Misty— the girl that had been looked worst for wear for the last several hours— who exploded first.

It was Lori.

Urine gushed in a continuous, clear torrent from between her legs. Her pants quickly grew saturated and a puddle formed around her.

Like a chain reaction, when Lori burst, Misty finally did as well. Rather than exclaiming in horror and dismay as her body broke, Misty merely moaned.

A cacophony of hissing filled the stage as both girls flooded themselves, twitching and groaning and panting— Misty with relief, Lori with frustration.

Toni lost it then— Or rather, she just let it go. Her team had won, it was okay now to just release her waters all down her legs. “Ahhh…” she sighed, smiling broadly as she shivered. If she’d thought holding it IN for so long had felt amazing, then finally letting it OUT was pure Heaven. She reached a hand between her legs, not caring as her pee streamed over it. One flick was all it took, and she was having the most amazing orgasm of her life. It made her moan and shudder, but anyone watching would assume it was the relief alone that was making her do that.

Bridget took a moment to realize what was happening all around her, but once it registered that all was lost, she just gave up on holding it. Her bladder split open and the crotch of her pants rapidly went darker and darker before a puddle emerged below her.

‘We… We did it!’ Erika thought. ‘It’s… I GOTTA GO!!’ with that thought, she barreled for the toilet stall and threw its door open. She got her pants down in record time and urine gushed out of her as soon as her clothes were out of the way. She sprayed the seat, but she didn’t care. She let herself drop down onto it anyway and just… Finally told her body it was okay to relax.

She didn’t need to force herself to pee faster, she could just let it flow however it wanted. She could enjoy this feeling for however long it decided to last… And, wow was she enjoying it. She’d won, she’d saved her family from financial strain, and now she could just pee and pee and pee to her heart’s content…

Alexis flashed back to all the unfair moments she’d spent locked away in toilet stalls, unable to release her bladder, as she listened to streams hissing and gushing all around her. This was like that, but amplified times a thousand. Erika’s relief was being broadcasted loud and clear by the stupid microphones. Toni wouldn’t stop moaning like she was having the best sex of her life. Lori, Misty and Bridget STILL hadn’t finished wetting themselves, and all of it was so LOUD and Alexis could SEE the streams flowing from the girls that were having accidents, and— And she needed to go so bad! She wanted to pee! It was all she wanted! She needed to find somewhere— ANYWHERE— that her bashful bladder would accept— She needed it now— Right n—

“Alexis?” Chris asked her. “You’re still holding?”

“Er—Erika’s in the bath—bathroom…” Alexis stammered. “And, I… Um… I r—really pr—prefer privacy…”

Chris stared at her a moment. “There’s… A reason you knew all the shy bladder questions, isn’t there?”

“D—Does that count as ch—cheating? I— If it does, c—could you pl—please still give Erika her money a—at least? She needs it…”

“No, it’s not cheating,” Chris said. “Kind of smart actually, using something that I’m sure has made you miserable to help improve your life.”

“Th—Thank you…” Alexis said, even more relieved than she thought she’d feel when she finally found somewhere to go…

But, she DID need to find somewhere to go! “Um— Where— I— I need to… Is there somewhere?”

“You can try backstage,” Chris suggested.

“Th—Thanks…” Alexis mumbled. But, before she could rush off, Erika stumbled out of the stall.

“AHHHHH….” Erika groaned loudly. “Now, THAT’S better!”

Chris looked at the display over the stall. “Wow… 1.5 liters! That’s a record for us…”

Alexis wondered how much SHE was holding… Probably way more than Erika…

Barely aware of what she was doing until after she’d done it, Alexis made her way to the stall. She locked its door, she pulled down her panties, and she took a seat. When she realized what she was doing, where she was, what she was going to TRY to do, she felt scared. Everyone was… The cameras were… The DOOR was…

But, Alexis was a winner. She’d won the contest. She was gonna go to her dream school. She was strong enough to hold every last drop of her pee for thirty hours. Surely, that meant she was strong enough to let it OUT, right?

Drip…

Dribble…

Trickle…

PSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!

Alexis was… She was peeing! She was peeing on a literal god damned stage, surrounded by other people, with CAMERAS standing by! And… And… “Ohhhhhhhhh…..” she moaned, tipping her head backwards, lips parting in utter relief. Her blast was far, far louder than anyone else’s had been. It was more furious, more thunderous, and more eardrum shattering than anything that had ever taken place on that stage. And it felt beautiful, it made her shake, it made her shudder, it made her pant and gasp and sigh. It made more tears flow from her eyes, but now they were of sheer joy. And she just kept going and going and going….

Toni’s jaw dropped at the force of Alexis’s release. She’d never heard anything like it. And those MOANS, and that blissful look on her adorable face, and… And, yeah, Toni was far, FAR from being straight.

Erika was equally as stunned. After what Alexis had said earlier, she didn’t think… Something must have happened to make this easier on her… She just didn’t know what.

It took well over two minutes for Alexis to fully empty, and when she departed from the stall her vision went straight to the display; 2.1 liters. She’d held 2.1 liters of pee. She was strong.

“Wow,” Chris said. “Sorry, Erika, your record’s beaten already!”

Erika didn’t mind. She didn’t care about that. She’d done what she’d set out to do.

Alexis had done all she’d set out to do too. She’d done all of that and so much more.

Toni hadn’t yet completed all her goals, but when Alexis started to wobble off the stage, she chased after her. Maybe her goal needed to be adjusted.

***

“I still can’t believe THIS is how you got the money for my treatment,” Tim said, staring at the TV. His operation had taken place several months ago, and it had been a complete success. He was back to being as healthy as ever, and it hadn’t bankrupted his family. They’d even had enough of Erika’s prize money left over for a nice, new car.

“Yeah… I mean, it was your idea,” Erika said. “You’re the one who said I could win it.”

Tim looked back at the screen, which was now showing the moment Erika stepped out of the stall at the end of the contest. He laughed, “Wow, did NOT want to hear my sister doing porno moans…”

Erika blushed, “Oh, be quiet…”

***

“So, THIS is how you met?” Alexis’s dorm-mate Susie asked, staring at the TV. “What a weird game…”

“It’s how we met!” Alexis answered confidently, kissing Toni on the cheek. “What you’re watching there is the best day of my life.”

Susie wrinkled her brow and looked back at the screen. “The best day of your life was when you didn’t pee for thirty hours, then pissed hard enough to peel paint on a stage?”

“AND the day I got money to pay for school,” Alexis listed. “AND the day I got better at peeing in public. AND the day I met Toni!”

Toni gave Alexis a cuddle, “Best day of my life too, babe,” she said. “Unless, of course, you ever let me see you hold it for TWO days…”

