My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*010*2022-04-08 15:27

The Princess and The Pee

In the kingdom of Ruidel it was customary for the king or queen to reign up until the day their heir reached the age of twenty five. At that point, the heir would take on the throne and begin to lead the land. For generations, this transfer of power had gone along perfectly smoothly. But this time there was a slight hiccup because, rather than one heir, there were two; Identical twin sisters, each one having just as much a right to the throne as the other.

In all the centuries the kingdom had existed, no queen had ever given birth to twins, and there was much discussion and speculation as to which of the sisters would be crowned queen upon her twenty fifth birthday. Most citizens of the kingdom assumed that the future queen would just be whichever sister had been lucky enough to emerge into the world first. The girls had been born mere minutes apart, and it seemed the easiest answer would be for that tiny handful of minutes to make all the difference.

But, this would not be the case. No record existed that even stated which sister had been born five minutes earlier than the other and, after over two decades, no one could recall such a small detail. So, it couldn’t be used to select the next queen. When asked, the king and queen would both reply that they knew exactly what would be done to resolve the issue, but refused to say even one word more.

No one had even the foggiest inkling of what they had in mind. Not even the princesses.

As the date of her twenty-fifth birthday grew closer, Ella liked to think that her parents were going to be logical with their decision making and simply choose the sister that had consistently shown herself to be the most responsible; The sister that could keep a calm head under pressure, remained focused on each task presented to her, and never strayed too far into the realms of her daydreams when there was work to be done. These were the qualities that would make a better ruler, and Ella knew she embodied them well.

Her sister Cora, on the other hand, did not. So, it would just be silly to give the throne to her. Cora spent so much time goofing off, running through the halls of the castle when she was supposed to be practicing calligraphy, sneaking out at night to go to parties with the peasants— As if she didn’t have a reputation to uphold! Giving the throne to Cora would be a massive, MASSIVE mistake, and Ella knew her parents were way too smart to make it.

Cora, meanwhile, also assumed her parents must have been watching her and her sister to determine whose behavior would best suit the throne. A good ruler, Cora knew, was one that could connect to her subjects and make them aware that she truly saw them as equals. A good ruler was one that treated her subjects like friends— Because they really WERE her friends! The kingdom would thrive when everyone in it knew that their leader cared and genuinely liked them, and Cora knew she’d made it clear how much she liked being around people pretty much since the day she first learned how to talk.

Ella, though? She was stuffy. Stuck-up. Had an attitude that made it seem like she thought she was just better than everyone else around her. Cora loved her sister, but sometimes she could be really rude, and not the sort of person that could make a society feel unified and whole. Ella put herself first most of the time— Sometimes without even really MEANING to, she was just a bit short-sighted and didn’t tend to realize when someone else was in need.

Cora couldn’t even COUNT the number of times when, on important visits to other kingdoms, Ella had hogged the privy just to adjust her clothing after the long journey— Without any care for how Cora was just outside it, dancing from foot to foot, desperate to use the thing for its ACTUAL purpose. Then, once Ella finally emerged, she’d usually give Cora a once-over, then she’d scold her for how immodest and homely she appeared, all doubled and usually with her hands bunched between her legs. “Honestly, Cora. You are too old to behave like this. We weren’t even traveling for that long, how can you not just wait?”

Cora would typically be too focused on claiming her much needed relief to reply. She’d just dash into the privy, fight with her cumbersome gown and underthings, and finally allow her waters to flow.

Cora had no idea at the time, but she really ought to have thanked Ella for all that unwanted practice she’d been forced to get at holding it in…

Because urinating, or rather NOT urinating, was going to be the method used to choose the heir to throne.

The queen announced this to her daughters in secret the week before their twenty-fifth birthday. “You are not to tell anyone,” she said. “Even others here in the castle. It would create a scandal if someone found out that THIS is how we’re going to work this issue out.”

Cora was confused, “I… I don’t understand… You want us to… To ‘not urinate’ tomorrow? How does that help pick the next queen?”

Ella was repulsed. This had to be some kind of a joke, surely. “Mother, I must say I never expected you to be so crass. Urine…” she cringed at the word. “THAT can’t be how you’re making this HUGE decision, surely?”

“It is,” the queen said. “In all the years your father and I have ruled, we have needed to sit in our thrones for many hours while the commoners come to us to make requests or settle problems. We can’t leave, and we must do our best not to appear in any way displeasured. We must stay where we are and maintain composure before our subjects.”

Cora was starting to see where this was going.

“Many times, we have both needed to relieve ourselves badly while doing this,” the queen continued. “I remember, in the early years, how much it pained me to restrain myself for so long. There were times when I… Didn’t stay completely dry—“

“MOM!” Ella wailed, covering her ears dramatically and stamping a foot. “I don’t wanna hear that!”

“If you want to be the next queen, you’ll listen to what I’m saying,” the queen told her daughter firmly. “No one warned me of the… Strain my body would be put under. And it took many, many years for me to get used to it, to manage it well enough that I didn’t squirm no matter how… thunderous the need. The same is true of your father, he too had a few days where—“

“PLEASE?!” Ella begged.

“Alright, alright,” the queen said. “I will spare you the details, but the point is that a strong bladder is an important thing for a ruler to have, and one not many people consider. When you are just starting out as queen, THIS will be one of your biggest challenges and I’ll bet neither of you have ever even thought of it.”

Both princesses nodded.

“So, we felt that the best way to choose the next queen is to see which of you may have the… Easiest time adjusting to that. We need to see which of you currently has a stronger bladder, then we’ll know who will be better able to train herself to only relieve herself two or three times per day.”

Ella tried to think of how many times she usually peed each day, but she couldn’t remember. Who would keep track of that?!

Cora, too, tried to work out how often she generally emptied her bladder. She peed pretty frequently, she thought. She tried to recall if she’d ever done it just twice in one day before… She didn’t think so. That didn’t even sound possible.

“So, what?” Ella asked. “You’ve been monitoring how often we go?”

“No,” the queen said. “We haven’t the time for that, and it wouldn’t give us a proper answer anyway unless we knew for a fact you’d both had the same amount of water. That’s why we’ve devised a challenge for the both of you to partake in tomorrow; We request that you relieve yourselves upon waking as usual, then come see us in the main hall. We will provide you both with a fixed amount of water, which you will be required to drink right away. Each hour we will give you more. Whoever holds that water inside herself the longest will be the next queen.”

“That’s… A ridiculous way to do this,” Ella spluttered. “Just… Come on, you know I’m more responsible than Cora— She’d probably blow all the kingdom’s money on something stupid within a month. And why? Just because I happened to…” she cringed hard. She couldn’t believe she was discussing her bodily functions so openly. “Just because I ‘went’ before she did?”

“I— I would not do that!” Cora cried out. “I’m not a moron, Ella. I’d take good care of the kingdom— and of the PEOPLE in it, which I DOUBT you’d do!”

“Girls,” the queen interrupted. “This isn’t open to discussion right now. This is the way it’s going to be. I wish you both luck tomorrow.” And her tone of voice made it clear that no argument either of the princesses made would sway her.

***

As revolted as Ella was by the challenge ahead, she wasn’t that worried about it. Ella couldn’t recall the last time she’d had an accident, or even been desperate enough to resort to holding her crotch to help keep her urine at bay. Cora, on the other hand, pee-danced all the time and HAD had one accident when she’d been well past the age where that was acceptable. It had been the result of far too much water and a badly timed stumble while climbing a staircase. Ella had been so embarrassed even being seen next to her when it happened.

And, of course, she and Cora looked exactly the same. Ella’s heart had pounded as she feared that everyone witnessing her sister’s loss of control was mixing the two of them up; thinking that instead it was ELLA whom was releasing a flood down the staircase.

So, Ella had done what she had to, as loudly as she could, she proclaimed; “Goodness, CORA, that’s disgusting! Can’t you control yourself at all, CORA? What must everyone be thinking, seeing you wet yourself like that, CORA?”

All her shouting, of course, had drawn even more eyes to Cora’s predicament, making the girl tear up and tremble from the humiliation.

She didn’t talk to Ella for over a week after that.

But, at least Ella had made sure everyone had their facts straight.

In addition to Cora’s frequent fits of uncontrollable squirming whenever she needed to empty her bladder, and her recent accident, Ella knew she rarely made it through the night without needing to get up and go. Each morning, the chamber pot beneath Ella’s bed would usually be empty, while Cora’s was more often full.

Ella had no reason to think she wouldn’t outlast her sister tomorrow.

She just wished she could earn the throne by doing something a LITTLE less juvenile.

***

As Cora got ready for bed, she was frowning heavily. Her dreams of becoming queen had basically evaporated after she’d heard what she’d have to do tomorrow. She really didn’t think she could hold her bladder longer than Ella could. She really, really didn’t. Cora couldn’t remember EVER seeing Ella have an accident, though she surely must have when they were small.

Cora didn’t like the feeling of holding it. She put up with it when she HAD to, but otherwise if she had a place to go, then she went. She NEVER made herself wait unless she literally had no other option. Her bladder was doubtlessly weak, completely and utterly used to being emptied frequently and immediately whenever the need arose.

She was never going to be queen. It was impossible.

If she’d known THIS was what would be required, she would have… Trained her bladder somehow. Gotten it acclimated to being restrained.

At that thought, she paused.

Ordinarily, Cora always peed right before bed… And sometimes she STILL got up in the night to go again!

But, maybe if she skipped her bedtime pee, and then made herself wait all the way until morning… Maybe that would sort of be a form of training?

She doubted if ONE measly little night would make that big of a difference, but anything to give her muscles the workout she now realized they needed was welcome.

And so, Cora went STRAIGHT to bed that night, not paying a visit to the restroom.

When she heard its door open and shut, heralding that ELLA had chosen to use it before falling asleep, Cora began to smile; Ella had decided NOT to prepare.

***

Cora DID wake up partway through the night, with her bladder BEGGING her for a moment of respite. It felt like her pee was boiling so intensely it must have been bubbling, simmering away against her aching urethral opening. At some point when she’d been asleep, her hands had pressed themselves velcro-tight against herself, and her legs had knotted themselves, the bed-sheets tangled around them. “Mmmf…” Cora muttered, rolling onto her other side and trying to ignore all of that heinous pressure. “Gotta go…”

The chamberpot was just beneath her bed. All she had to do was drag it out and take a seat, then she’d be free to relax and let everything flow.

But, then she’d have no hope of getting her bladder muscles good and strong for tomorrow’s activities. If she gave up early NOW when she was alone in her room, no one taunting her and no one to see if she had an accident… Then she’d definitely give up tomorrow when Ella WOULD be taunting her, and when her sister and probably several servants would have a front row seat if she peed herself.

She had to hold it until morning.

She WOULD hold it until morning.

She COULD hold it until morning.

But, the very knowledge that the chamber pot was down there was making it EXCEEDINGLY difficult. Her bladder tugged itself in all directions, her pee sloshing to and fro as she tried to forget that relief lay just beneath her. ‘There is nowhere for you to go right now, Cora,’ she told herself. ‘You’re… You’re in a carriage, and there’s nowhere to stop that has a bathroom. And the servants with you are all men, so you can’t just go outdoors either. You have to hold it. You have to wait.’

Somehow, Cora managed to fall back asleep.

Her dreams for the remainder of the night were deeply troubled. Filled with rainstorms, overflowing lakes and rushing streams. She was caught in a horrible, horrible labyrinth, searching for anything that could be used to drain out her bladder— Which when she looked down at herself she could see was swollen far enough to make her appear pregnant.

At one point, she managed to find a pot and began to cry with relief, but as soon as she started to pull down her underwear to use it, it vanished. It had just been a mirage, a fantasy conjured by her desperate brain.

Ella was with her, too. “Honestly, Cora,” Ella scoffed. “Look at yourself. You haven’t even been waiting that long. It’s been what? Four days? That’s nothing!”

Four days? Cora thought, horrified. She hadn’t relieved herself in FOUR DAYS?!

It made sense, she supposed. It sure FELT like it had been that long, but… She needed to let it out now! She couldn’t wait anymore, she’d pop, she’d—

Cora’s eyes flew open and she realized three things in quick succession; One, the sun was out, meaning she’d managed to make it to morning! Two, her bed was— thankfully— totally dry! Three, her entire midsection felt like it had been lit ablaze and everything within her hurt so badly it made her want to throw up.

‘Gotta go!’ Cora’s bladder screamed at her. ‘You can’t wait anymore! You need to go NOW!’ She didn’t need to be told twice! She needed her chamber pot right this very second! She’d been tormented by its close proximity to her last night, but now she was immensely grateful that she didn’t have far to move for her relief.

‘Hold it…’ Cora begged herself as she struggled from her bed. Even with as gently as she was trying to move, she managed to twist and compress the bloating organ in her core and very, VERY nearly got all of her urine pulsing down her legs.

On her feet now… ‘Hold it, hold it, PLEASE just hold it…’ Cora’s brain chanted as she— OHHHH! THAT HURTS!— as she tried to bend down to grab the pot beneath the bed. A tiny squirt of pee wetted her undergarments, her bladder unable to handle all the additional strain which kneeling had placed onto it.

She yanked the chamber pot out and almost started gushing just at the sight of it. She managed to get her clothing out of the way just in time to let a furious stream of liquid bliss begin to rattle into its ceramic material. “Ahhhhh….” she moaned softly, beginning to tremble with pleasure. She hadn’t needed to go THAT bad in a long, long time!

But, as her release carried on, hissing violently, the relief was tampered by the knowledge that she’d be needing to go even WORSE than that pretty soon…

***

Ella rolled out of bed, eager to get this day and its silly contest over with… And, admittedly, a tiny bit eager to PEE as well. She shouldn’t have had that last glass of water before heading to sleep, it was now annoyingly insistent about wanting to come back out.

She pulled her chamber pot out from beneath her bed and rested herself atop it. A night’s worth of urine began to gently trickle into it a moment later, Ella’s bladder deflating in a way that felt absolutely marvelous.

She tried not to sigh, tried not to make any noise of contentment or relaxation. She even tried not to allow her mouth to form a smile at the pleasant feeling coursing through her. To show any sign at all that she… maybe, sort of, ENJOYED the sensation of emptying her bladder— even while in the privacy of her own room— would be perverse and utterly unbecoming of a future queen.

Her stream dwindled away and she stood back upright, exiting her room to go wait outside of Cora’s… From behind the door, Ella could hear a sound that— though she was loathe to admit it— probably would have got her squirming had she not just urinated moments before.

She could easily tell that Cora was making use of her chamber pot— Punishing it, more like it. The hissing spray Ella heard from within Cora’s room was like nothing she’d ever heard before, and Cora kept… Moaning, too. That made Ella blush, did her sister have no shame?

Ella did not feel any alarm when she took in the volume of Cora’s release. While her sister was letting out a lot of liquid at the moment, Ella was sure that this was happening even after using the pot once during the night. At most, this was Cora peeing after having not done so for three hours— And she was still gushing and sighing, displaying that she’d been very, very desperate to go.

This was no cause for any concern. This was just more confirmation of how little control Cora had over herself.

***

Both girls arrived in the main hall and stood before their parents. No one else was in the hall, no servants or guards, which was very unusual. Clearly, the king and queen had been serious about not wanting anyone to find out about their… unorthodox method of selecting an heir.

“You both went already, right?” the king asked.

The girls nodded.

“Good,” he said. He held one large glass bottle of water, which he handed to Cora. The queen held another, and this one was given to Ella. “Drink up.”

The princesses did as requested, both taking slow sips until their parents told them to swallow the liquid more quickly. They obeyed, but this caused them to feel a little queasy by the time they were finished.

“I trust you both understand the rules now,” the king said. “The last one to relieve herself— Either into a proper facility or accidentally— will be the next queen. To keep things fair, you will both be given equal amounts of water. Refusal to drink any water provided to you will disqualify you. I also want the two of you to play fair with each other, so any poking, squeezing or taunting will result in a penalty of some sort.”

Ella frowned, “What are the penalties?”

“Play by the rules, and you won’t have to find out,” the king said. “And with that, let the contest begin.”

Naturally, the very beginning of the contest consisted of nothing more than a whole lot of waiting. It took time for a person’s bladder to fill, even after chugging down a big bottle of water. Cora and Ella both made it through the first hour with no problem, and easily accepted their next drinks. The second hour was no struggle either. Nor was the third.

Ella hated to admit it, but she was impressed Cora had managed so well so far. She’d expected this whole thing to be over before SHE even felt an urge to go, but Cora was hanging on, not even showing any signs of discomfort just yet.

During the fourth hour, that was when the contest finally began to ramp up. Both the girls were feeling quite a heavy urge to let their streams flow, and it had become very hard to keep drinking the water bottles when they knew where all of that fluid would be going. Just the thought of where all the water was headed made their bladders ache with dread.

Cora was now very, VERY twitchy. She was doing her best not to let her need show, remembering what the queen had said yesterday about the importance of ‘maintaining composure’ in spite of the pressures within, but it wasn’t easy. It felt like her bladder was doing cartwheels inside of her, flipping around and around and tossing its contents about. Every few seconds, the pee would crash down hard against her sphincters, making her grit her teeth and tense her thighs.

She was trying her absolute best not to move around, not to dance on her feet or stomp them as she would at any other time she was experiencing such intense waves of pressure. She knew Ella was watching her carefully for any indications that she was having trouble and, even if it meant facing a ‘penalty’— Whatever that happened to be— Cora was sure Ella would seize upon any hint of weakness in order to torment her opponent.

Cora tried hard to will her body to stay still, and she managed to resist all the urges to hop around and cross her legs by simply tightening every single muscle she had. All of them, from the top of her head to the soles of her feet, Cora made herself go stiff and tense. But, even so, she couldn’t get herself totally still; She was trembling away, vibrating almost… It was very, very slight, but it was there…

And Ella noticed it.

The sight of her sister’s tiny jitters came as a relief to Ella. She would never dare confess it to a soul, but she’d actually been starting to get a bit worried. Cora had lasted far, FAR longer than Ella had anticipated. She’d lasted long enough for Ella to start feeling a little bit… Well, FULL. She was at the point where she’d usually begin planning a trip to a restroom, at the level where her bladder’s contents were great enough to cause her more than a little discomfort.

She was not desperate, not by a long shot, but whereas before she could mostly IGNORE the presence of the pee inside of her with only the occasional sharp reminder from within that she had to go, now the pressure at her sphincter was ALWAYS there. It came in waves, feeling more intense every few second before dying back down to a much duller roar, but gone was any moment where the heaviness would back away and fade from Ella’s consciousness. Ella had to go, and she was CONSTANTLY aware of that fact.

Ella abhorred the sensation of needing to urinate, and the way to alleviate it was so… Unbecoming of a member of the royal family. To disrobe herself and sit down upon something which many other, far less regal people had rested upon before. To do that and then… expel something from her body, creating that humiliating hissing noise that made it so obvious what she was doing… Even if… Even if ‘relieving herself’ felt pleasant in a lot of ways, it was still such a shameful activity.

Adding onto that, the fact that it couldn’t be put off forever, that there was a point at which Ella would have to admit that even a person of her status had… ‘needs’ was even more shameful. Many times, Cora had said the words “I’ve got to relieve myself before I BURST” without even paying any mind to who may hear her speak such disgraceful words. Ella had no idea how her sister could do such a thing, to say nothing of her ridiculous pee-dances… Ella would NEVER sully herself like that, no matter how painful her bladder felt.

But, with as surprisingly long as the contest was lasting, Ella was starting to fear that her biology could very well win over her pride today. If Cora didn’t give up, admit which of them was more deserving of the throne, and end the contest in a timely manner… Ella’s bladder could very well get full enough to make her squirm.

Already, a particularly sharp spasm had forced her to tighten her thighs. When another ripple tore through her bladder, her pee futilely scorching down towards its exit, she’d very nearly crossed her legs together. She managed to stop herself, instead pressing a hand against her stomach— An action that only squished her poor bladder— and puffing out a few steadying breaths.

Following that near-embarrassment, Ella glanced back over at her sister, shocked to see she STILL hadn’t begun to perform her usual dance. She was still shivering all over, but the toe-tapping and hip-swaying was missing… Ella felt a tinge annoyed now, what had gotten into Cora today? Ordinarily, after five hours without a bathroom break, she’d be in very obvious agony, even WITHOUT consuming extra water as she’d done today.

Cora was cheating somehow, Ella surmised. That was the only explanation. Perhaps she’d chosen to wear some sort of… protection? Ella scrutinized her sister’s waistline, but her gown clung tightly to her hips, no way was there any extra padding there. If Cora was letting out any of her liquid, then the dampness would be visible upon her, and the sound of it hitting the floor would be plainly audible.

So then… What could she have done? How was she still—

Ah.

Now they were getting somewhere.

Cora had begun to rock from side to side. She was doing her best to make the motion seem natural, a product of mere boredom rather than the increasingly insistent pangs from inside her bladder. But, she doubted if she was fooling anybody. She couldn’t help it, though! She tried placing all of her weight on her left side, and that felt alright for a moment, but then the muscles around her pee-hole started to ignite with heat, her sphincters throbbing away and electric shocks pulsing through her midsection.

And she’d just have to shift her weight to the right. For a few seconds, the pressure would fade, her bladder satisfied by the gentle sway of her hips and the slow change to a new position. But, just as quickly as her need had retreated, it would return just as furious and pounding as ever.

So, she was left with no choice but to continue shifting from one foot to the other, trying to soothe away the ripples at her exit. Cora spotted Ella watching her perform her meagre dance. Cora spotted the way Ella’s eyes seemed to light up with delight at the sight of it, at the certainty that Cora was having a far harder time with this than her. Cora nibbled at her lip, trying to ignore the smug satisfaction present on her sister’s face, the certainty that she WOULD be queen by the day’s end.

Cora tried her best to ignore a lot of things. She tried her best to ignore the feeling of knives digging against her pee-hole. She tried her best to ignore the heat she could feel bubbling away inside her. She tried her best to ignore the tugging at her taut muscles, the way her bladder begged for her to let them go slack…

Cora tried not to think about certain things as well. She tried not to think about how wonderful it had felt to use her chamber pot that morning. She tried not to think about how it would feel just as good to use it again now. She tried not to think about rivers. She tried not to think about waterfalls. She tried not to think about drinks. She definitely tried not to think of all the drinks she’d had these last few hours!

Most of all though, she tried not to think about how her defeat seemed inevitable. She tried not to think about how dismissive and unfriendly Ella was going to be towards her subjects. She tried not to think about how, rather than being their friend and listening to their issues and needs, Ella would much more likely think only of herself and of how to expand the kingdom’s power regardless of how it affected anyone.

It was that thought that made Cora feel more determined to hang on. She knew she’d be a better queen than Ella, she knew she’d lead with kindness and trust and make the kingdom feel like a safe, wonderful place to live. And she knew Ella would be closed off, selfish…

Cora could hold it.

She could.

She knew she could.

She just… Had to… Get a grip on things. Let her body do the things it needed to do— Well, SOME of those things, anyway. The things that made it easier to hold her bladder at bay. She let her legs cross, she let herself bounce, she dug her hands between them… And now, all tightened down and restrained, Cora felt better. She didn’t care if her fidgeting and frantic motions made it appear that she was on the verge of bursting, what mattered was that doing these things made her feel far, far less likely to ACTUALLY burst.

She jiggled up and and down with an ever increasing speed, hands pressing firmly against her trembling pee-hole, and they felt like a nice, sturdy stone dam. Something that wouldn’t let even the tiniest drop of liquid breach their barrier. She knew she didn’t look like she was in control now, but she sure FELT a lot more like she was.

The grimace on Ella’s face turned into a smile when she saw her sister begin to squirm and writhe around. It wouldn’t be long now, she knew. And, that was certainly good news. Ella… Wasn’t feeling all that great now. She’d been tapping her foot agitatedly against the stone floor, the motion increasing in speed every few minutes when particularly cataclysmic spasms rocked through her bladder.

Her thighs had also squeezed together even more. They actually hurt, getting sore from the continued tension. And, sometimes she even had to… Had to shift her hips a little bit. She was horribly dismayed that her body was forcing her to do these things, that it was causing her to behave in such an uncouth manner, but thank goodness she was able to keep her own fidgeting pretty subtle and undetectable, unlike Cora.

Soon, the hour was up and the girls were made to drink more bottles of water. Cora struggled to remove one of her hands from her crotch to grab hold of it. One hand was, for a minute, forced to do all the work of two. The dependable dam provided by BOTH of her appendages felt more like it was crumbling when only one was available, and she whimpered and moaned as she downed the water. She did so as quickly as she could, eager to have her hand free once more.

Ella drank far more slowly than her sister. Swallowing more water was causing her actual, physical pain. It seriously felt like it was pouring straight from her throat and into her bladder, her body not even processing it first. The tiny ring of muscles separating her pee from the outside world pulsated and burned with each new drop of liquid it was being forced to bear.

When the bottle was at last empty, Ella felt something she never had before; The sensation that wound its way through her midsection, twisting and twirling and tangling up on itself, was unlike any spasm she’d ever endured previously. She swore she actually felt her bladder SHAKING as though caught inside an earthquake… Her pee-hole VIBRATED as she did her best to will it to stay shut, and— And she was breaking out in a cold sweat all over, heat was beading its way down, down, down, and—

She— She crossed her legs, stumbled back away from the king and queen half-hunched over and JIGGLING, and for the briefest of moments, she even needed to— To squeeze herself…

Relief soared through her as her finger plunged itself against her opening, and agony flared overtop of her as she forced it to retreat. She couldn’t believe she’d let herself do THAT. It was disgusting, dirty and utterly desperate… And— She couldn’t be desperate. She didn’t GET desperate, only Cora did. Ella held it in until it was convenient and didn’t put up a fuss about it. She didn’t. She didn’t whimper, she didn’t whine, and those noises coming out of her mouth right now were NOTHING like the pained sounds Cora made at all no matter what anyone said—

She could hold it.

She always held it.

She wasn’t strong.

She was responsible.

She NEVER behaved in a way unfitting of her status.

And— God dammit, her hand was back between her legs again— She tried to move it again and—

Squirt!

A leak…

A tiny, itty bitty little leak of… Of her pee.

No.

Ella did NOT just— Ella didn’t leak! She didn’t!

But, the warmth she felt between her thighs left no room for argument.

She HAD, indeed, just leaked.

That new bottle of water had been too much, she was… Overflowing.

No, no. She couldn’t be. Cora overflowed. Ella didn’t. Cora was going to lose. Ella wasn’t. She couldn’t. She—

She had to hold herself. Without something physically THERE to keep her pee where it belonged, it was going to flow out into where it DIDN’T.

She returned her hand, allowed it to squeeze away as much as it wanted.

She had no other choice.

Cora was standing back beside her sister now, watching in stunned awe as Ella gave in and clutched at herself. Hope bubbled away in her brain, even more strongly than the pee bubbling away in her bladder. She had a chance! She really did! No way would Ella be cupping herself like that unless her body had seriously given her no choice! Ella was losing it, Ella was getting truly desperate, Ella was—

AHHHHHH!!!!

FUCK!

SHIT!

GOD—

NO!

Ella was placing her free hand overtop of Cora’s midsection and pressing DOWN with what must have surely been all her strength! Cora yelped loud enough that it echoed in the large, stone hall. Pain erupted and flared out from beneath the harsh, unforgiving weight of Ella’s palm. Cora felt like her bladder was being torn in two— No, it was being torn into BILLIONS of tiny little shreds, and each one was on FIRE, and Cora was going to— Cora was going to—

Hss!

A short, half second burst of urine warmed Cora’s underpants and she yelped again, and—

“ELLA!” the king shouted, and Cora realized that somehow all of this newfound, PAINFUL agony had only been going on for a second or two— God, it had felt like hours!

Ella released Cora’s middle and… Ohhhhh…. Relief… Beautiful, precious, wonderful relief! The loss of that heinous extra pressure was like Heaven, almost as good as PEEING… So good that Ella actually had to flex her thighs and confirm that— save for that one tiny leak— she was still dry and HADN’T actually begun to urinate yet.

A second later, the awful throbbing from before returned, but it somehow didn’t feel as bad now that Cora had tasted true Hell. She looked up at the king and queen, neither of whom appeared to be very happy.

“Ella,” the king repeated. “Do you remember the rules?”

“Y—Yes, father,” Ella replied. “I— I wasn’t thinking clearly, I’m not feeling so—“

“You’re right, you WEREN’T thinking clearly,” the king agreed. “You acted without considering the consequences, didn’t you?”

Ella nodded. It was only now that she recalled the ‘penalties’ she’d been warned of earlier.

“Do you think that’s a good quality for a future queen to have?” the king asked. “If you want to lead the kingdom, you’re going to have a lot of serious decisions to make— And as your mother explained yesterday, you are going to have to make some of them while… Under duress as you are now.”

“Am… Am I disqualified?” Ella asked with dread. She pressed a second hand between her legs, both to give her bladder muscles a little more reinforcement and to ensure she didn’t do anything stupid like that to Cora again.

“No,” the king said. “Not if you agree to the penalty.”

Ella set her face into a harsh line, determined not to let the intimidation show. “What’s the penalty?” she asked, hoping her voice wasn’t trembling in time with her aching urinary sphincter.

“One moment,” the king said, standing from his throne and exiting through the doorway that led to one of the castle’s restrooms.

A few seconds later, the sound of rushing, splashing, hissing water echoed out into the main hall.

Cora started to stomp her feet, slamming them hard into the floor as if she was having a temper tantrum. Her bladder convulsed, screamed and shuddered at the horrible noise, and inside all she could think was; Why!? Why did SHE have to listen to this now? Why did SHE have to be subjected to the ‘penalty’ when it was ELLA that had broken the rules and not her? Hadn’t Ella’s ruthless squeezing been punishment ENOUGH for her? This wasn’t fair, this wasn’t fair, this wasn’t fair…

When tears formed in the corners of her eyes, Cora began leaking from another place as well, she felt a thin dribble of warmth pushing itself from her nether regions, and the once dependable dam of her hands started to crumble into dust, and she couldn’t hold it, she couldn’t, she couldn’t—

She had to…

She HAD to!

She. Had. To.

Ella too was struggling with the noise, but in a way it was a relief. If her punishment was just going to be having to listen to water spray for a little bit, then she could handle it… And one glance confirmed to her that CORA could not. This whole ‘penalty’ could actually be a blessing in disguise. Maybe Cora would wet the floor in the next few sec—

Silence abruptly fell.

The water had finished flowing.

It was over.

Her bladder no longer being tortured by those all too suggestive sounds, Cora began to breathe a little bit easier… Not too easily, each inhale and exhale was choppy and shallow as even the steady rise and fall of her chest was enough to make her bladder feel like it was being stretched out much too far.

The king emerged from the restroom, holding a small bowl filled with water. “Okay, Ella,” he said. “Sorry, but you were warned.”

The… The running water HADN’T been the penalty!? Ella tried not to look alarmed, but she still felt her mouth opening with dismay. So… What? Was she going to have to drink the contents of the bowl now, was that it? Some extra water?

She thought she’d be able to do that… It wouldn’t be GOOD, but she was pretty sure she could at least manage it. Cora COULDN’T last THAT much longer, surely.

“Come here,” the king beckoned her over.

Ella obediently hobbled over to her father, her bladder violently protesting each step as it flailed about within her. She dragged one hand away from her crotch to reach out for the bowl, but her father’s words stopped her.

“Place both of your hands into the bowl,” he said.

Ella was confused, wondering what was so BAD about that… It was a struggle to keep her hands away from her groin for very long, but a minute or two of having to rely just on her legs and thigh muscles to hold her flood at bay wouldn’t be… TOO awful, she didn’t think.

Ella forced her other hand to dislodge itself from between her legs, and was startled by how much more intense the angry rainstorm inside her body seemed to get less than a second later. Her legs tightened further, wrapping around one another as her thighs tensed hard enough to go numb.

Then, she dunked her hands into the bowl, and discovered—

Oh.

Oh… Fuck.

FUCK!

The water was warm. The exact temperature that would have been very, very pleasant to bathe in, and the exact temperature that was very, very UNpleasant for an engorged, full bladder. The feeling of the liquid on her flesh made all of Ella’s muscles start to go loose against her will, she started to stomp her feet around just like Cora was, and… God, she hoped she’d never have to ADMIT to that to anyone!

Heat ran up her fingertips, into her hands, flowed through her arms and began to flood every nook and cranny of her body. Her muscles were acting on their own now, she’d never felt like her own body was so completely out of control. But, it was. She could feel the heat trying to soothe all of the tension inside of her. She could feel warmth radiating all throughout her, all over her arms, all over her chest and stomach, all down her legs, and—

Hssss….

Splash…

Splash…

Splash…

That particular warmth hadn’t just been her imagination, it hadn’t been her mind playing tricks on her. It hadn’t been the water taunting her. It hadn’t been purely mental.

It had been very real and very physical.

The sensation of her bladder splitting itself open without her first giving it permission to do so, of her urine flowing in long, hissing rivulets down her legs and onto the stone floor below, of her body refusing to clamp itself back SHUT again no matter how much she begged and twisted and shook…. All of it was so totally foreign to her. She had never felt anything like it before.

She stood there, her trembling hands still resting in the bowl, brain going numb and clouding over with shock. Ella could not believe that this was happening. She was… Having an accident. She was peeing herself. She was soaking her gown in urine, getting it all over the ground…

And she’d… Lost. She’d lost the throne to Cora. Beyond that, she felt like she’d lost all her dignity to her as well. Her chest started to heave, and a strangled sounding sob erupted from her throat.

Cora stood, partially doubled over, off to the side as she watched her sister unleash an ocean onto the floor. She too was utterly stunned. She’d… Won. She’d won the throne. Beyond that, she was going to be able to relieve herself very, very soon! She—

She saw Ella start to cry…

“Ella,” Cora said. “It’s okay. You did your best.”

“Be quiet!” Ella snapped, furious that anyone would DARE to speak to her while she disgraced herself so completely. Luckily, her flow finally ceased a second later, and she was able to stomp from the main hall. She didn’t want to be there anymore. She didn’t want to have to look at the puddle of her shame, and at the girl that had stolen the throne from her. She didn’t want to look at her idiotic parents, whom had chosen to make this monumentally important decision using such a ridiculous method.

She wanted to go to her room.

Once inside, she decided she was never, ever going to come out again.

In the main hall, the king and queen were congratulating Cora, but the girl only cared about two things at the moment; Emptying her bladder, and tending to her sister. She knew the second was far more important, but the first couldn’t be put off. “S—So can I go now?” she asked eagerly.

“Of course,” the queen said. “You did a very good job, we trust you will be able to—“

Cora didn’t listen to the end of her mother’s sentence, just dragged her water-logged body towards the restroom the king had procured the bowl of water from earlier.

Once inside, Cora cursed the fancy gowns she was forced to wear for the millionth time in her life. Once she was queen, the kingdom would be doing away with such formalities for good! These dresses were too cumbersome, too hard to take apart when a girl really, REALLY needed it off!

She managed it finally and threw herself down on the toilet seat, peeing the instant she could feel the material against her thighs.

Oh….

Wow…

This was even better than the morning’s pee had felt. Cora was still shaking, still trembling, but now it was from a pleasure so raw that it ripped several euphoric moans from her mouth. “Ahhhh…. Haaaahhhhhhhh…. Ahhhhhhhh…” she couldn’t control the noises pouring from between her lips any better than she could control the pee now pouring from her bladder. She didn’t think she’d ever peed this hard before in her life, the hissing gush of her release was bordering on inhuman. And it just felt so. Fucking. Good.

Mixed with the immense relief was the pride in knowing that she’d done it, and would therefore be well equipped when the time came to sit on a different kind of throne for hours at a time when she became queen.

Right!

She was becoming queen!

She’d been so focused on emptying herself that she’d almost forgotten!

She was going to be the next queen! Her! Cora!

But, that reminded her of how deeply upset her sister was… Cora wanted to do something for her. Ella wasn’t a BAD person, just a little too focused on herself to be a compassionate leader. She still would have been a good one, though. Even if she wasn’t the nicest, she still would have been responsible, she’d do well with balancing the kingdom’s budget and all that boring stuff Cora didn’t care about…

When Cora’s release finally came to an abrupt stop, she knew what she had to do.

She stood, re-assembled her gown, and exited the restroom. Her parents, again, tried to congratulate her, but she waved them off. “I want to make sure Ella is okay.”

Of course, when Cora knocked on Ella’s door, the first thing she heard was a command to “Go away.”

But, Cora went in anyway.

“I told you to go away,” Ella muttered. She’d changed out of her soaked gown and into her night dress, but other than that she still looked very disheveled. She was sweaty, her face red, puffy and tear streaked, all her hair out of place…

“Ella… Um,” Cora said. “I’m going to be queen—“

“I KNOW,” Ella said. “Did you just come here to gloat, or—“

“I’m going to be the one that does all the public appearances, and answers questions and stuff from the citizens—“

“I GET it—“

“But, there’s a lot of stuff I’m not very good at. Like, money and numbers and math… You’re good at that. And, um… Good queens have royal advisors to help with the stuff they’re not sure about. Could you be that for me?”

And Ella was crying again. But, her tears were not from sorrow, despair or humiliation. They were from the immense love she felt for her sister; For, in spite of how awful Ella had been to her, Cora hadn’t let that break their bond. Cora still loved her. Cora still wanted her to be happy.

Maybe, Cora WOULD be a good queen… Maybe even a better one than Ella would have been…

“Cora, I’d love that,” Ella said. “Thank you.”

